4	So I went down to Jungle Zone for some iolite love and found this place in the same spot. Went to go browse around and they have a nice selection of goods that are kinda hard to find to make Mediterranean food and in the back they have a cafe. Different canned goods, sauces, spices, bulk bins of beans, yogurts and cheeses, some fresh fruits and produce, lots of cookies and chocolate goodies. I then get to the ice cream and freak the fuck out. MASHTI MALONES ice cream. It's from Los Angeles and is a family owned shop that has exotic flavors: rose, lavender, rose saffron, mango, saffron pistachio, ginger rose, orange blossom.Yeah, it reminds me of happy happy times growing up on this stuff. I got a rose ice cream sandwich since they didnt have pints of anything but pistachio and faludeh. I also found my favorite white toblerones and other foreign goodies.Came in today after Slider Truck, and they had all sizes of the Creamy Rose so I got their biggest size, a quart and a small cup of Pistachio. We also got gummi bears. I know, why get these at a cultural market? The mood struck and they are super soft and make me happy as I type. I didn't need any cooking ingredients at the moment, but will come and expand some of my spices and sauces when I run out of what I have. I'm going to keep coming back though for Mashti Malones. It's one of my favorite treats ever. Thank you Zaytoon for carrying them!
4	Good food, good prices.  Don't expect a Resturant but more of a casual cafe style inside a tiny market.I had a kabob plate and a veggie wrap.  Both were delicious and priced right.  Kabobs were about $8-9 w/rice and misc.  I don't remember how much the wrap was.I'd give it a 5 if the service was more like a Restaurant.  Went dry on the drinks and was only checked on once, but everything else was great.  Until then, 4-4.5 outta 5 for good food for a reasonable price.We will be coming here often!
4	After reading Jade W's reply about where else to look for Mashti Malone (Persian style) Ice Cream, I Yelped Zaytoon Mediterranean Market and Kabob, which another patient where I go for my PT sessions had also recommended last week.  So with the location programmed in my head, I drove to Zaytoon after my PT appointment for my late lunch.The market is larger than I expected for an ethnic market located near Desert Breeze Park.  There are plenty of parking spaces in the strip mall where it is located, so buy as much as you want, because the walk to the car will be a short one.  The market has a decent size herbs & spices section, including Sumac, which I have recently heard about in my Mediterranean Cuisine class. They also carry fresh herbs in the refrigerator and they are in good condition and priced reasonably.  But I was mainly here to try the kabob and the Mashti Malone ice cream, which I didn't find on my own and had to ask about with the owner/cashier.Anyway, my primary objective is to try their kabob and I ordered their Koobideh Kabob entree ($8.99), which is Persian marinated ground beef, grilled on a sword-like skewer, and served with grilled tomato and Basmati (long grain) rice, and some raw onions.  The portion was good, and the Koobideh was juicy and pretty tasty. I would give it a 4 stars on the food. And 5 stars if they also serve fresh bread (like the one at Flame Kabob) too.Service was good, but I was also the only in the "restaurant" at around 3:20pm, and the older gentleman and later the son(?) both came out on separate occasion to ask how the food was and if everything was okay, plus give me suggestion about the traditional way of eating the Basmati rice (which is to mix it with some of the soften butter and sprinkle with some Sumac).  So 4.5 stars there.I also asked about and was directed to their freezer right by the cashier and the door, where they keep all the Mashti Malone Persian Ice Creams.  I tried the Rosewater Saffron with Pistachios Ice Cream Sandwich last night, and wanted to try a different flavor today and went with the Creamy Rosewater Ice Cream ($2.99 for the smallest size container or 4 fl oz) so I can have it at the store.  I love the taste and fragrance of the rosewater, which is so different from the other more traditional ice cream flavors available everywhere else.They also serve fresh squeezed juice at the juice bar, but I didn't see a menu for that.  Their ad states that they serve fresh juice (juiced per order) and have no additives, no added sugar and made from fresh not frozen ingredients.  Which makes this a hidden gem for juice lovers.With Zaytoon being in my neighborhood, I will definitely be back for more ice cream, kabobs and sample their Juice Bar offerings.P.S.  They also offer cater services and will deliver within a limited delivery area for a 10% delivery charge and on minimum order of $50.
5	Only place in las vegas that i found that carries lamajune (armenian Pizza) its frozen but ill take it! Ever since Mikes Bakery shut down havent been able to find it anyplace until i found this wonderful market.Also has lots of spices and fresh halva mmmm try some.
4	In the words of LMFAO, all I can say is "you're my new obsession". My sister and I stumbled upon Zaytoon during our summer trip to Vegas. We had been driving around aimlessly looking for something to eat and then BAM, came across this place. Actually, I don't remember how we found it. I just remember we wanted to get our grub on. We went in and perused the market area. I was hoping to find some cool knick-knacks or other rarities since I hardly ever go to Middle Eastern markets. I didn't find anything that I really wanted to get but my sister got a few food items. They carry some flip flops and some evil eye looking jewelry but I'm pretty particular about what brand of flip flops I wear and definitely am not into evil eye jewelry. I decided to go to the restaurant next door, which isn't really next door since it's only partitioned by a screen or something. I ordered two beef sandwiches a.k.a. Koobideh Kabobs wrapped in lavash bread, which cost $7.99 each. You have the option of choosing a Shirazi Salad or french fries so I got the salad for myself and the fries for my stepdad. My sister decided not to get something from here but went to Long John Silvers instead and she regrets that choice to this day. Hahahah. Anyway, the food was sooo good that when I came back to Vegas last week I found myself craving it and wanting it. We finally came to Zaytoon on our last day here to have a proper lunch before setting out for L.A. It was just as good as I remembered and the Masto Khiar (cucumber and yogurt) was so creamy and thick. A lot of the other ones I've had before were just plain runny and blah. I ordered the same thing again since I wanted to take half my sandwich for the road and it's a lot easier to eat a sandwich in the car than a box of basmati rice! It's a shame I didn't get a dessert but I got a yummy mint flavored yogurt soda. I couldn't really taste the mint and the uncarbonated version definitely tastes much more minty, but it's all good. My sisters also really enjoyed what they ordered. One of them ordered the same thing I got but with avocado slices and the other one got the Chicken Kabob plate. The service was also great. There was just one person working at the time we got here. He was youngish and very attentive. He was also very cordial and polite. He showed me how to mix the yogurt soda and how to open it since there's a trick to opening it. If you don't open it properly, which equates to opening it very slowly then you may end up with it all over your shirt.Zaytoon is one place that I look forward to going back to the next time I'm in Vegas. Perhaps, I'll go back multiple times if time and my funds permit just to try other stuff. It's affordable, convenient, and the food is just plain good. Now if only I could find a place reminiscent of it back home.
5	This place is one of the best in Las Vegas.  Home baked bread with a serving of beef khoubideh add rice and you have a fantasic persian meal!Family owned and operated.  I've eaten here at least 15 times.  Very friendly service and good value for the size portion you get.Great job Zaytoon!
5	This is the BEST place in town for 5 Star Persian food!  They bake their own bread and combine it with beef koobideh, chicken kabob & musto mercir (yogurt dip with shallots), and it qualifies as food "porn".Family owned, A+ service and while you're there, check out the fresh produce and selection of pastries to take home!Been there many times, it just keeps getting better!
3	Small restaurant inside the Mediterranean market.   The home made bread was great.  Large portioned entrees were delicious.  Offered a variety of fresh juices.  The waiter/store manager was extra friendly.
4	I heard about this place through Groupon. We decided to use our Groupon last weekend. Zaytoon is a small cafe attached to a small Mediterranean market.For an appetizer we had the Kashk-e-bademjaan which is an Iranian eggplant dip. It was good and had kind of a dark flavor. It was served with DELICIOUS fresh flat bread sprinkled with sesame seeds.For my entree I got the Zereshk polo with barberry rice which was grilled chicken served with basmatti rice sprinkled with saffron and barberries. I had never had barberries before. They were sweet and tart and reminded me of somewhere between a currant and a lingonberry. The chicken was nicely seasoned and moist.My wife got the Shish kabob which was skewered pieces of fillet and vegetables. It was nicely seasoned and was served with a grilled tomato and basmatti rice sprinkled with saffron.For dessert we split the ice cream and carrot juice dish. It consisted of  cubes of saffron ice cream served in a glass of fresh carrot juice. The ice cream has rose water and pistachios mixed into it. I'm not a big fan of rose water. However, the ice cream was still pretty good. The carrot juice was delicious and refreshing. The dish was reminiscent of a root beer float. I liked it a lot and would definitely order it again.I liked Zaytoon quite a bit and plan to go back.
5	This place ROCKS.  Found it through Groupon and even though we didn't buy the actual Groupon, they gave us the $10 off.  The restaurant is small and attached to a market and is pretty quiet.  Service is quick and friendly, prices are fair and the food is seriously yummy.  I've had better hummus before, but it's still really good.  All of their kabos and rice are super tasty and cooked and seasoned to perfection.  I have nothing to bad say about Zaytoon!  If it was closer to my house, I'd go here every week.
3	According to my Persian man, the food is good.  The guy who took our order was very friendly.  It is a bit pricy I was told... This place is part of a grocery store:Pros - you get to look around the store while you wait for the food and you will find exotic stuff!Cons - i would probably not eat there.  we got our food to go, and that worked out very well.
5	Compared to many other Persian Dine-In places, this place gets 5 stars hands down. Although their restaurant is also in a market and not really fancy, their food is out of this world good! Everything is fresh and made when you order, nothing tastes or look like it has been sitting in the back for hours. Its amazing and seriously my favorite place to go when I want persian food (especially their beef kabob).Everytime I've gone, there has only been two people working at the store.. a man and a woman. The young man is very attentive and so nice.When ever my boyfriend and I go in to buy some fresh Baklava, he remembers us and gets our yummy snacks ready to go quick! I love Zaytoons and I know I'll keeping coming back for more!
5	I went in one day because my pregnant sister had a craving for some candy that she couldn't find anywhere until someone told her she could find it at Zaytoon's. So I went to pick one up for her.  While I was there, I noticed all their middle eastern goods. They had some tasty looking desserts & those can of persian pickles I love. There was a deli section that consist of big fat olives,  two kinds feta cheese & mortadella. The young man at the register was very friendly & gave me a to go menu to check out their restaurant.  I came back again w/ my boyfriend who is Persian & my kids who are half for Persian New Years & bought many of their pastries, ice cream & faloudeh. The FARD in the blue cylinder is AMAZING!!! $15, but so worth it. It was so addicting. Like a drug. We ordered food to go in their restaurant area. When we got home, I was impressed. It was good. Usually my boyfriend is pretty picky w/ eating Persian Food at restaurants cause he's use to his mama's homemade Persian meals. We ordered the soltani kebabs which came w/ rice, onions w/ chopped parsley & a large grilled onion.  I thought it was way better than some other Persian restaurants I went to here in Vegas. We ended up coming back & ordering the chicken & kebab koobideh. It came out fresh & delicious! Ah so good! I know I'm going to be regular here for sure! I'm so glad my sister had a craving for white toberlone or I would have not known about this place.
3	Trying new places out with Groupons or LivingSocial's brought me to Zaytoon.  Sometimes it's really uncomfortable going to mom and pop places to eat because the owners take TOO much interest in how you're liking your meal.  This place was pretty perfect.  The service was great, and I could tell I was ordering and being served from the owner.  The food was pretty good, too.  Why only 3 stars?  Well, nothing really jumped out at me as being amazing.  It was good, but just nothing amazing.  Not sure I'd come back unless I picked up another deal for the place.
3	3.5 stars, the 1/2 star is because I love family owned restaurants and the warm and friendly service. I have been craving Koobideh since we moved from West LA,  thus was so happy to see that this restaurant/ market had pretty good reviews. The fresh bread that came with our Baba Ghanoush was so delicious that I had to place a second order. I really enjoyed my Beef Koobideh and my husband thought that his Barg was a little dry, although that did not stop him from finishing his plate.  I was bummed that the market had run out of Sumac, but that just gives me an excuse to come back soon.
5	This place has the best Persian food in Vegas! The prices are really reasonable and the service is top notch. I've tried Paymon's before but thought it was way overpriced for mediocre food. Zaytoons has excellent hummus, and their koobideh kabob plate is to die for! There fresh baked pita bread is a must try!
5	Every once in a while I stumble upon a place that just works, in every single aspect.  This place is a fine example of that.  The people that work here were simply great.  Very knowledgeable about the food, friendly, funny and caring.  Our waiter actually steered us away of a dish he didn't think we would like, which I always appreciate.  The food that we did order was simply amazing.  Very flavorful and just the right amount.  To add a cherry on top, there is a store in the same building that specializes in Middle Eastern foods.  Rose water, pomegranate syrup and so on.  If you are anywhere near this restaurant, you owe it to yourself to stop and have a bite to eat.
5	The best Persian food and the friendliest people with the most reasonable pricesI recommend this restaurant to all Iranian and everyone else who wants to have an excellent meal!!!
5	The food is amazing here!  Great service; very nice and friendly.  Also, very good prices for such great food.
4	Long over-due review : )I came here about 7 months ago with my ex and son. Hes Persian and wanted to go somewhere besides Sababa. I found this gem on Yelp and off we went. Its pretty easy to find and its a smaller eatery. One side is the resturant and the other is the market. Youre greeted by the owners as you walk in and they seat you. I love family owned businesses!! My ex asked if they spoke Farsi and of course they did so off into a convo they went. The waitress was very kind and caring towards my son and I. I ordered the chicken sandwich and my ex got the koobideh combo. We were given the pita, which i wasnt a fan of and sat there talking and waiting for our food. My ex devoured like 3 pitas and I peeked at the market area. The waitress was super sweet and even gave my son lots of attention.Our food arrived and it was hot and looked yummy! The fries with my wrap thing were seasoned super good and the wrap was also succulent and delish! My bf said his food was also juicy and yummy! Pretty standard persian food here, just a little pricey. Mostly bc I think they use Halal. We def will come back! My son is in love with the waitress! Lol.
5	I was impressed with this place for taste(it hit the spot) and the price which was way too cheap for all you get, I ordered the bone in chicken kabob plus two extra beef kabobs which ran me about $20, my wife had a boneless chicken kabob plus the dill flavored rice for about $13, which she thoroughly enjoyed too, I was in Persian food heaven minus the virgins.  Gotta sprinkle the roasted lemon flakes on the white rice with saffron, winner! Place is really small, with like 7 tables and is located inside a Middle eastern market which was rather interesting in a good way. So if your visiting Vegas, come check it out, we have nothing like this in Hawaii which really sucks.
5	Zytoon is the best Iranian Restaurant in Town. The food is delicious, the  atmosphere is refreshing and peaceful. Golenaz and Sam are great and make you feel at home. I recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to taste Persian/ Mediterranean food. Don't miss it!!!
4	Stumbled across this Persian Restaurant when I realized the restaurant I wanted to go to was only open for dinner!  The restaurant is connected to a grocery store and is small but family run and they are so friendly.They had a lunch special - Fava rice with a lamb shank for 13.99 The shank was large and tender and the sauce was yummy over the fava rice. They also have great ice tea here also which was thirst quenching on a hot day. The woman even gave me a refill to go.I wouldn't thing twice about returning here again although it's a way from the strip.
4	Sturgeon!  Never would have guessed you can get this here (it's the most expensive item on the menu at $20).  Many vegetarian choices.  They go heavy with herbs and spices, which is what you should get at a Persian restaurant.  I don't eat meat, but would expect the kabobs are good.  Watermelon juice is made fresh there; they go to the market section of the store, and juice a fresh watermelon.  The interior is clean, and they don't pack the tables too close together.  Our waiter was friendly and courteous.  It took a few minutes longer than expected to prepare the meal, so don't be in a hurry.  The spinach soup with lentils was superb.
5	I love family owned/operated places, and this one definitely is, the owner was running the store and serving food/taking orders and still managed to be polite, kind.  Onto the food, it was a hard decision, the sturgeon sounds wonderful but I am not a fan of farm raised fish, so I decided to pass and I tried the Barg Kabob which is Iranian cut filet, perfectly seasoned, tender and delicious. The basmati rice had good flavor, touch of saffron. I also tried the Masto Khiar which is yogurt cucumber side served with Barbari, Persian flat bread. Simply amazing, I could have eaten it with a spoon, and honestly I did take a couple bites without bread (i couldn't help myself). I had to try the pistachio with saffron and rose water first, it was good, but I have to say other one that had the fresh carrot juice had a more interesting flavor, I could really taste the rose water in it. I love that they carry Mashti Malone's ice cream. Also took home some pistachio & sesame halva, and sumac, oh and sweet lemons. Great food and service.
5	Amazing food! The rice is delicious the koobedeh is the best I've had in a long time.  The portions are generous and the price is right.  Its a welcome relief to find a restaurant that is more concerned with the food than the atmosphere.  Thank you yelp i never would have found this gem w/ out you.  To Zaytoon, keep up the good work!
3	Been meaning to check this place out for a while as I'm a sucker for Mediterranean cuisine in general, and because I thought it was a lot closer to my work than it ended up being.  I know, I know, there's an app for that, but sometimes I throw caution to the wind and just go for it.I called them up for a take out order and decided on the Regular Chicken Kabob Entree and an iced tea.  I must mention that from taking my order over the phone to doing the cashier work, the gentleman who helped me was extremely friendly.  After my long drive back to the office and opening the food, I was extremely disappointed to not see any bread.  Upon looking back at the menu, I realized that it was not something which came with the entree, but rather a side that needed to be ordered.  After bashing my head against the desk for about 5 minutes due to this error, I began eating what I did have, which were some nicely cooked pieces of chicken (though not very much of it) over a HEAP of basmati rice.  On the side were several chopped up onions, and an unappetizing looking charred tomato and pepper.  I'm generally not a fan of these items from any mediterranean joint, so not docking them for that, maybe it's just me.  The chicken tasted fine, but didnt really separate itself from other places I've had the same dish.   I think I would have preferred some more char on the chicken instead of on the veggies, but it did end up very juicy which I must say was nice.   The rice tasted average to me, though I did appreciate the amount they gave.  I can't help but think that had I ordered some bread on the side (though I'd prefer it just came with some) that I might have enjoyed the whole thing more.  I definitely know for next time.For the lack of bread with the entree, and the fact that there wasn't too much chicken in my meal, I can't say that I thought it was that great of a value.  Zaytoon definitely requires some more investigating to me, and I'll also note that my friend that I brought with me got a falafel sandwich with fries and his fries smelled and looked heavenly.  He polished them off during the drive back to work and I didnt get to try myself.   I have to wrap this review up, the picture of the fresh bread that I can see below where I type now is pissing me off.   Learn from my mistake if you call in an order and dont forget the bread!
5	5 Star customer service at all times.  The food is very delicious.  I like the Gemme and the chicken kabob is delish!  The hot tea of course perfect. Two Thumbs up!
5	We decided today when were eating this phenomenal middle eastern food that we are so sad for people who are unadventurous eaters.  In general Middle Eastern food is flavorful and healthy and delicious.  Zaytoon was all of that and more.  We ate dinner there, where there is only about 7 tables.  The waiter and waitress were extremely friendly and sweet.  We started with their baba ghanoush that was so good I got an extra order to go home.  It came with a great fresh baked flatbread.  For entrees we got their "bone in chicken kabob" which was actually a whole cornish game hen cut into pieces, marinated and grill.  Super moist and flavorful.  It came with rice, an onion salad and a blistered tomato.  We also got their special which was a lamb shank and might have been one of the best lamb shanks we have ever had.  Delicious.  We walked out very happy.Also they have fresh juices that they juice to order.  I got the watermelon and the boy got carrot and beet together.  Both were delicious and refreshing.  I will definitely go back, but just something to keep in mind, this isn't a huge restaurant, it is a very intimate setting.  But I love it and will be back for some juice soon!
4	This restaurant is adjacent to a market of ethnic food.We bought there some tea and henna.The restaurant has little exotic ambiance however the owner is kind and ready to explain all about the food. We order 5 different plates for us (the wife and the two little pirates), all of them were above average for Iranian in the US.
4	This place has wrestled the "go to" status away from Shishkabob House. They are putting out a superior product though it is about 10% pricier.  There are also fewer menu options, but the chicken Kebob and the koobideh Kebob are excellent. The masto khiyar is very good as well.
5	Was excellent and so tasty Friendly , small but the adjoining grocery is worth a visit after a meal .
5	great place for kebobs. very small persian/iranian cafe with good food. kebobs and mast o mooshir baby
4	Love the food.  A little pricier than some of their competition, but it is worth the additional $.
4	My wife was craving hummus and Mediterranean food. After a little research, we stumbled upon this delightful Persian market and deli. We ordered hummus (of course), a falafel sandwich, and the chicken soltani (combo of chicken and koobideh kabobs). The hummus came with sesame flat bread which was nice and flaky and served fresh out of the oven. The falafel was tasty and the kabobs were well marinated and served on a bed of basmati rice. We wanted to try dessert but were too full this time around. Delicious food combined with reasonable prices and efficient service with a smile makes Zaytoon a winner in our book. We will be back to this neighborhood gem.
4	The Skinny: craving Mediterranean food - this place totally satisfies from their decadent Mushi to the Koobideh Kabob. (4) service: the owners are super friendly and food is served promptly (5),overall - it's rare to find a joint where you want to return to explore the different dishes of a culture. Zaytoon is one of those places (4.5).I was craving hummus with some pita one day and the hubs found this place on Yelp. After that fateful night - we've been back at least 3x within the last week -- yes, it is that good.The key dishes here IMHO are the appys (priced at $3.99 each). Our by far favs are the masto khiar (yogurt and cucumber) and the masto musir (shallot with yogurt). The yogurt itself is so thick and luscious, I bet you could turn the bowl over and not a dollop would escape. Yes it is that decadent. Paired with endless piping hot sesame topped Iranian flatbread (FYI -the owners keep the bread coming) - oh so crispy, flaky - it is definitely addicting. We've tried both the hummus and the kashe bademjaan (roasted eggplant dip) too which are both very good as well. I've tried their falafel and veggie sandwiches with both optional sides of the shiraz salad and fries. The sandwiches are loaded with onions, tomatoes, green peppers and cucumbers with a ?yogurt sauce and is oh so delicious. The falafel is crispy on the outside while retaining its fluffy interior. Completely satisfying.The shiraz salad was nicely acidic to accompany the richness of the other items. Dressed with mint and citrus, the flavours of the onion, cucumber, tomato mixture really pop. The fries are okay and the portions are generous.My hubby loves to get their chicken soltani. Both the chicken and koobedeh kabobs are well seasoned and moist. The plate comes with a roasted tomato, onions served with a bed of basmati rice. The butter and sumac on the table are used to dress the rice. We tried their pistachio ice cream flavoured with rosewater and saffron. Nicely floral with some cardamom mixed it, it was a nice way to finish a meal and cleanse the palate.Every time we go there, I'm always looking around and try to see what other people are getting so we can try it next time. We saw another gentleman who ordered the koobideh kabob with fresh herbs and on fresh bread (aka KGB) which looked intriguing and has been put on our list to try the next time we are there. Not to mention there was an interesting stew they were offering over a different type of rice. The spinach soup and lamb shank sounded wonderful too.A key factor to why we keep coming back is the service. The owners of the restaurant are really obliging and willing to take the time to explain the different dishes they offer. I was a little bit curious about their torshi - it's some form of Persian pickled vegetables. The owner actually brought some out for me to try and warned me it was an acquired taste (it was actually very good - a little bit sweet, nicely spiced --- however the hubs didn't care for it). It's really cool that they would do that.Overall, this a great little neighbourhood joint that serves some delicious, intriguing eats for reasonable prices. Throw in the friendly service,  you have a hidden gem - not to be missed! 4.5 stars out of 5.
4	Still solid food here....service got better though!The staff seemed much more friendly, and more attentive than the last times I came in the past.  Can't go wrong with the food here.  Everything we have tried here has been great.  Prices are very fair, and it is super fresh!  Really like the kabobs and rice dishes.If you are looking for authentic food and you are nearby, give it a try and you'll agree :)
5	love their food and pear/ginger juice! great service and always consistent
5	I've been coming here for years. Service had always been excellent! Very friendly owner. Everything we ordered here has been outstanding! I have tried every Mediterranean restaurant in Vegas- literally. This is the best! Love the rice, bread, koobideh, chicken, and tonight we tried the lamb shank and pomegranate walnut chicken. Perfection.
5	Thank you yelp!!! I am so glad I found this little market.  Perfect place to find all the middle eastern spices I need for cooking.  The restaurant inside has amazing food.  Just perfect for my random kabob cravings.  The KGB is to die for!!! Two juicy koobideh kabobs on a big flat bread with onions, grilled tomato, and a ton of fresh basil($9.99 ).  I noticed when I dined in the food was on the slower side of coming out.  I prefer ordering ahead and picking up.  Mmm can't wait to be back!
5	the best parisins resaurant in las vegas and even in LA they have amazing kaboband really good rice . the best customer service. every time we in vegas wegoing there. :) :):):):):):)
4	Went there do dinner one night. Place is kind of weird having a market and a restaurant together. I ordered the Koobdeh kabob which was really good tender and juicy also ordered the Shiraz salad which was great. The salad was chopped in fine pieces which I really appreciated. (Hate when restaurants just throw globs of big pieces of vegetables and call it a salad.) also ordered the kashk-e-bademjaan which was really good.My wife ordered the shish kabob which was really juicy and tender the rice was a bit oily for our taste. It also came with a grilled tomato which was good.After dinner went to the market and started shopping they got a lot of middle eastern products that are hard to find in the valley.This place is a keeper!
5	the customer service is great. the dude was very attentive and helpful when we asked about certain dishes. we ordered, lamb curry, chicken curry, bread, rice, hummus, and one other thing i cant remember. all the flavors were well executed and the market next to us had a lot of nice spice smells while we were waiting for our food. def would come back to eat here when i visit vegas again.
4	Just went there for dinner. Got to try their Koobideh kabob, it came with some sort of flatbread which I was not aware of, it tasted so good! The dish came with two beef kabobs that were unbelievably juicy, an onion basil salad, and rice with a burnt tomato on the side. Overall the dish tasted good, but this was my first time to eat mediteranean here in the US so I wasn't so sure about that.I will explore other mediteranean spots as well and this restaurant will serve as my benchmark.
4	I am kind of unsure how to review Zaytoon so I'll let it work itself out as I write!When we first walked in, it was kind of awkward because the hostess/waitress just... didn't say anything at all? She was friendlier later on, though.We started our meal with bread and yogurt-shallot dip which, I'm not sure what I was expecting but it basically just tasted like your standard sour cream and onion dip. The bread it was served with, however, was totally fantastic! Hot, fresh, crisp, a little chewy, flavored with sesame seeds- the bread was top notch!For our main dishes we shared the chicken soltani plate (chicken kabob and koobideh) and the barg kabob. The barg was juicy and flavorful but I was expecting more big chunks of steak instead of a thin slice. The chicken was really tasty and the koobideh was flavorful. It was all served with rice, grilled tomato and onion. I wished I had saved some of the bread/dip to make a sandwich out of it all- it was delicious!We had to get some Persian ice cream for dessert because I've been obsessed ever since I tried it at Saffron and Rose in LA and Lavash in San Francisco. The ice cream is from Mashti Malone in LA and it is amazing, but you don't have to eat it there for dessert... you can buy it by the pint in the market next door! That's what I did after the meal and I'm totally going back for more. It is some of the best ice cream EVER- so much flavor.Overall, our meal was really good and everything was high quality. I am really torn between 3 and 4 stars but I think if I had made slightly smarter menu choices, it would definitely be 4- I think this is a 4 star establishment and I will go back again for lunch for sure.
3	I had no idea that the restaurant portion of this place would be a little rag-tag operation in the back of a market. But don't let looks deceive you - it really is not bad!It didn't quite live up to my hopes based on all of the reviews, but what my wife and I had was good, if not rather expensive for what it was. I was truly disappointed in my barg, which despite being filet mignon was served in a razor-thin sheet of meat instead of delectable, three-dimensional bites. I honestly preferred the kibbedeh (ground beef) to the filet. The chicken soltani was decent but could've used more spice.The shallot and yogurt dip was indistinguishable from standard sour cream, but the bread that came with it was pretty good - fluffy and a little buttery, with a good texture.If you don't have a fountain and serve your pop in bottles, then Mexican Coke is a must, and they don't disappoint there either.Service was a bit erratic, and some strange man - who I don't think worked at the restaurant or the market - came up to our table and offered us cookies. Stupidly, I accepted but luckily didn't die.tl;dr I would go back but get something different.
4	Eaten Here A Few Times Good Chicken Kabob
5	GREAT FOOD!I wish it was more of a restaurant feeling, but heck I don't mind when the food is this good :)The Barberry rice is yummy.
5	I recently decided to go gluten free and dairy free. As a result I have been visiting more Middle Eastern, Thai, and Indian restaurants (Mexican is next). I have been to Jerusalem Grill, Amena Bakery (also awesome). Kabob Grill, the place that used to be "Flame Kabob" on Sunset by the airport, Stephanos, and Kabob Corner to name a few. Most of them are pasable to good. Sometimes you encounter watery hummus, canned dolma, etc...I have a few goto places so far. That is until I went to Zaytoon. Wow. First, even though I have been forgoing bread, the fresh grilled/baked bread they brought out was amazing, I had to try it. Fantastic. Fresh, hot, steamy, crunchy, chewy, yum. The hummus was rich and creamy, the baba ganoush was garlicky, creamy, and tasty, the dolma were warm and fresh. Wow. I think we ordered half the appetizers. The falafel were hot, crunchy, and so savory. What really wowed me was the chicken kabob and the steak "kabob" (I do not remember the exact name, it was less of a kabob and more of a strip of thin steak on a skewer). They were both so flavorful, juicy, and fresh. I am getting hungry just remembering it. Also, the rice was tasty, and they had these currants (or some other red berry) that came on the dolma and we could have gotten on the rice that was sweet and delicious without being cloying at all. I can not wait to go back.Also, the market they have attached to it has a great selection of middle eastern items I have not seen in town before. Deserves 5 stars even though the decor leaves a bit to be desired since it is both a market and a restaurant.
4	I was so thrilled that I finally came in here to dine! I've driven past it many times and never thought to stop in until I read the great reviews on Yelp.It's a small grocery shop joined by the small dining area on the other side. The grocery side has some exotic offerings that you would have a tough time finding anywhere else. I've become addicted to the Mashti Malones pistachio. It's not your average pistachio.. it's bright yellow and you can taste cardamom, rose water, whole chewy pistachio bits! It's insane! I haven't purchase anything here but the ice cream, to be honest.. once I found it it was like tunnel vision.. However, the produce seems to be very reasonable and I could see myself coming here for vegetables now.So, the restaurant portion! They offer freshly made juices with some interesting combinations like carrot and rose water. I had a watermelon juice which was delightful and oh-so refreshing. On my first visit here, the service was sort of spotty. On the second visit, they were much much friendlier, and maybe this comes from them treating you more like a regular once they know you're not just a one time visit.The fresh warm lavash they serve here is dotted with sesame seeds and blistered just a little bit. They'll bring you an unending amount of this bread until you say Uncle!  It seems to be made to order, and is perfect for dipping in their bracing hummus, enlivened from the addition of lemon juice. I find most hummus seems to lean towards lemon, or tahini. Theirs is lemony. Oh, and endless lavash. The server was kind of enough to make many recommendations and answer any question without missing a beat. Did I mention endless lavash?So far here I've had their chicken kabob wrap with house salad. The chicken was cooked perfectly, and seasoned well. The fresh tomatoes in there just added to brightness of the wrap, and it was big enough that I took half of it home. The salad is a mix of tomatoes, cucumbers and onions that have been diced and tossed with some parsley, mint, lemon and olive oil.The koobideh is seasoned ground beef kabob, which is very traditional, and amazing! Very tender, perfectly seasoned, a lot of interesting flavors. All of the kabobs come with steamed rice and a charred tomato. Love me some charred tomato!
1	I was excited for this place, I really wanted to like it. But the food was gross. I still feel nauseous even as I write this review, several hours after I attempted to eat here.The chicken kabob was tough and flavorless, the koobideh was unsavory, gristly, and left an odd taste lingering in my mouth. The service wasn't too great either. No one welcomed me, or even spoke a word to me, except when they told me how much to pay and to say goodbye as I left. My order was even taken with facial gestures and nods. Just odd.
5	Love the food here!!! I truly can't get enough of it... The service is also amazing here!  :-)
5	The food is exceptional ,Service is second to none. Try the chicken or beef sandwich. . Very moist. Great garlic sauce witha nice kick. Very reasonable priced. A family owned business.
4	Really good spot for Persian food. I always get the beef koobideh. So delish! Love the rice that is served with it too. I've tried the chicken kabobs and they're not too bad either.
5	This place is amazing!! I love coming to this place because every one is very nice and they treat you like family. The food is great especially the kubideh and their warm bread. Their Persian tea is very good as well. The first time me and my daughter came to this place we were treated very well and accomodation is phenomenal. Ever since then we  have been coming to this place every other 2 days to satisfy our cravings. We would not go to any other Persian restaurant but this place only.  I gave this place 100% five star and beyond!!!
5	This place has "Family restaurant" written all over it.  You can tell that they care about what they serve and serve it with pride. Fresh juices, warm homemade lavash with sesame seeds, and everything is natural! This was my third trip back and I enjoyed it very much each time. I've tried their fresh carrot juice, chicken and lamb wraps and my personal favorite, Ghormeh Sabzi! I sure wish we had a place like this in Tucson. The market is great too. My wife had me pick up some saffron while I was there to bring back home!
3	New to Vegas I was looking for Persian food, most of all Kabob. After living in Los Angeles I have had my fair share and know good Kabob and persian food. I decided to order Kabob and gheimeh. The kabob was good but the ghemeh was mediocre at best. The price was certainly higher than what I have paid for in the past, especially given the service and the ambiance.
5	Wonderful food and the friendliest service. I've had other kabob places, but this is by far the best. The Chicken Sandwich (Which is actually a wrap) comes with either fries or a "salad". GET THE SALAD. It's delicious.
4	If this was in LA it would have not gotten 4 stars. But in Vegas there is a lack of real Persian food. This place has all the basic stuff covered and the food is good. It can be little pricey for such a basic restaurant but as I said it is worth it specially if you share a plate with someone. Their rice is good and kebabs are nicely prepared even though koobideh can be little too oniony. The market is limited but still has a good selection of teas, cheeses etc.
5	WOW. Thoroughly satisfied and my belly is full, full, full. Went with my parents and my aunt and uncle. They pulled two tables together for us and sat right down. Got our drinks and started gazing at the menu. My uncle was curious about a sauce they had listed for one of their menu items, a pomegranate & walnut sauce. They were nice enough to bring a sample of the sauce out for us to try. Was good. Never would have guessed that those two things were the main ingredients. We ordered some Hummus, Babaganoush, and their salad for appetizers. The bread they brought out was AMAZING! Everything else was good also, except the salad was seasoned a little strong. Then the main dish came out. I ordered the koobideh dish that came with rice. YUM. I finished off the dish even though I was full half way thru. Everyone else enjoyed the food as well. I was very happy with this place and definitely will be going back. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. Could not have been happier. I didn't have time to browse through their market, but like I said, I will be back.
5	Food was delicious and service was top notch
5	Excellent for lunch.don't expect expensive atmosphere, just good n light kebab.
4	It's a family own restaurant. I love their kabobs.... Excellent customer service. Would come back. This is not a restaurant by itself but it's connected to a small supermarket. More like fast food than dine in.
5	I was looking everywhere  a jar of grape leaves that I could stuff on my own. I remembered this place and went in. It smelled so good in there. The man in the front was so nice and actually came out to explain each kind of grape leave that they had.They have a nice selection of groceries and produce. If you are looking for fresh herbs, buy them here. They are SUPER cheap. The prices looked reasonable. I purchased to big jars of grape leaves and they were about $5.00 each.I can't wait to come back and try this lace for lunch. The menu was big and looked and smelled amazing.
4	This is one of the few Middle Eastern markets in Las Vegas. They have a nice selection of grocery items here. It is a good place to pick up the spices you will need to make Lebanese food.They also cook Middle Eastern food here. I tried it a couple of times and it was good. They make kafta, shish kabob, chicken....etc.
5	Yum!  We come here so often they have our order memorized. Chicken kebabShiraziMusto khiar KoobidehI really shouldn't rate this place so high because it'll be too hard to get a seat.
5	Love this place! A great family owned business and a great atmosphere. The kabob plate is very generous and they have great variety of fresh juices. Also freshly made bread and always served with a smile. Support this small business!!
5	Best mediterranean food in Las Vegas!  Excellent value, good portions, everything I've had there is amazing.Get there early the restaurant side is small and fills up fast.  If there are no tables I recommend getting the food to go its well worth it.
5	Best kabobs place in the southwest! The food is always great and the staff are always super friendly! Every time we come for dinner, it's like going to a family member house. If I could eat here for lunch and dinner every day I would. They chicken kabobs are my favorite and the rice that comes with it is always so good. Are plates are always empty when we leave, when normally we bring half our dinner home or leave it. This place never disappoints
5	Great food excellent service! Try the kababs chicken and ground beef.  Get there early to make sure you can get a seat.
4	I ordered the chicken kabobs and the pistachio baklava to go today. The kabobs were good but not the best I've tasted. It tasted better with the sumac though. The rice was also good. I didn't like the raw onions they have on the side. The baklava was at par. There is something missing on the ingredient and I can't figure it out. It's also kind of pricey, 2 very small pieces for $2.50. I'll be back and will try something else.
4	Brother and sister owned welcoming and generous service. Delicious falafel and baba ganoush
5	A+++++++ again. See my other reviews for details.  I noticed there is an ad for a competitor on their page here. I've been to that place. It's not worth the money and the food is not as good. Just come to Zaytoon.
5	This place has great food and excellent service.  I enjoy coming here they treat you like family and their food always taste fresh.  I have been eating here for a while but they really deserve good credit for their food.  Must come if you feel like home cooked meal.
5	MY GOD THIS PLACE SERVES DELICIOUS FOOD!The meat was juicy and tender. Not dry at all. My gosh I'm craving the food we I ordered as I write this.My boyfriend and I ordered hummus, Soltani and Koobideh.The hummus is served with a fluffy, flaky bread that is PERFECT. They are so good together.The Koobideh and the soltani was just amazing. It was flavored just right. They serve it in a huge plate. I couldn't finish all of it but I seriously wanted to keep eating. I had the rest of my food packed to go so I can finish it. Unfortunately I left it in the car and it spoiled.  I was very, very, very sad when it happened.I almost wanted to give this place 4 stars because the girl at the counter was rude to us. I was asking her about the plates of food and she was not interested in helping us nor did she try. She was not friendly at all and we almost left because of her. Seriously. But the delicious food makes up for her bad attitude and the two men (an older gentleman and a young man) were funny and made our experience awesome.
4	found this place on yelp...i had the lamb kabobs...was very tasty ,only complaint it should be two skewers for 20 not 1 skewer....other then that the owners were very friendly.As a side note there was this beautiful woman working the register that was worth a star all by itself..lol...im assuming she is married to the owner so I respectfully submit that I approve of your taste in women...I will be back was good food and welcoming attitude..although now that I made a yelp pass at the owners wife they may chase me out with pitchforks and torches haha
1	it is really bad. it is a market not a restaurant. What they did was they charged us 20 percent tip on the menu!! I didn't mind the expensive price but they forced us to pay 20 percent that was automatically added to the bill. There was only three orders made, so be careful and I think if you are a decent restaurant even you shouldn't charge 20 percent automatically for three orders.  the food is only decent not very good or excellent. They don't even have a decent waiter, no one came to say if we even needed water. They come and threw the food in front of us and that was it. Service is really bad and rude.  I went there 1 year ago was very slow it was good, but  now more customers and quality of food and service has come down a lot, also they way they added the tip is not right, just like a highway rubbery. Very small place they don't have enough tables, don't expect to go there if you have more than four people in your group. I'd  rather pay a bit more and go to a real restaurant that is not including 20 percent tip on top of the food. The attitude of the waitress was really bad and I think they don't have help in the back, we had to wait a long time for our meal. I would not go there again.
4	Although I've never had Persian food in Iran I have had it many places across the US. As many have mentioned it's a family run place, half grocery and half market. It's more than comfortable enough and made even more so by the gracious hosts and the food which I can only classify as comfort food. Wonderful freshly baked flatbread, very good hummus and possibly the best Koobideh I've had. After numerous trips we've yet to be disappointed.
4	Family owned small store and restaurant. Very nice staff and friendly. Having worked with a persian boss before, i have become quite fond of their foods.Had ordered the Koobideh Kabob. Comes in a big plate with rice and roasted tomato, and two kabob's, with a side of butter. (yes i did use the butter in my rice.. haha fatty moment).. The meat was moist and flavorful. Cooked to perfection. Rice was fluffy and seasoned. Not much to look at during the meal, almost seem like a hole-in-the-wall place but the food makes up for it. Priced at less than $10 a plate. Good place if you like Mediterranean foods
5	Originally came for the small grocery store, but ordered Kababs to go on my way out. Excellent! I've found my Mediterranean restaurant.
1	we went there with family (2 Persian Hosts) have attitudes .that was our first time.when  we try to seat the rude lady said don't sit .that reserved .with attitude .we said ok sorry we did not know that. we wait  nobody came its small grocery store not restaurant .food was not  fresh. they used  LEFTOVER  meat from their grocery.price was ok. rice cooked very well but kabob was dry and bad smell. Don't think I'll be back.
5	Awesome experience - great food and friendly staff!
4	Just fabulous food, this is the classic whole in the wall. Really inside a Persian market, who would of thought the food would be so good. Seven tables that seat 4 people each, restaurant portion is clean and decent decor. Nothing super fancy but man is the food good. I had never had fresh baked lavash bread, it was so good. Comes out fresh out of the oven when you order. Most middle eastern places give you sliced up pita bread out of  the bag (yuck). Order some hummus or babagounoush and dip that light thin crispy lavash. The price is slight high but quality is very good. 2 appetizers, couple of drinks, 2 lamb chop plate and 2 kubideh kabobs on the side, the bill was $75 for two people. They also do fresh juice which I had carrot and apple very good. I took a Persian friend and he told me the food was extremely good and was amazed that it was in a market. Only reason 4 stars not 5, after we got appetizers our main course took like 30 minutes to get. Don't know why it wasn't busy when we got there but we thought it was worth the wait. Lamb chops were juicy and succulent. No gamey flavor. The service is a one man show but he was so nice and hospitable. Can't wait to go back when I'm in town again too bad I live in LA.
5	Service is super friendly and great as usual. The guy who served me always added "...my friend..." to the end of his sentences XD though for some reason, a lot of people did that today o.O national friendly day? XD jkCame here to eat lunch today around 12:30. All but one table was empty. After being given a cup of water, i had placed my order with him. I had ordered the "Koobideh Kabob" which was two skewers of their marinated ground beef, grilled on a skewer, served with a grilled tomato and basmati rice. Very popular and widely eaten Persian dish. Prior to the entree arriving, they serve a nice warm freshly made "bread" (or flatbread), i believe its called Barbabi bread, with white and black sesame, and a side of butter. Delicious on its own. For starters, those who are not familiar with basmati rice, its a variety of long grain rice that's very popular in the Eastern Mediterranean and Middle-East countries. Koobideh kabab is an iranian minced meat kabab made with either ground lamb, beef, or chicken with a variety of spices as well as parsley and chopped onions. After seasoning and marinating for a few hours, the meat is squeezed on a skewer to be cooked over a coal grill or in a clay oven (more traditional style). Served nice and hot. Perfect bite sizes if you cut it where it "dips" (refer to picture), The Koobideh kabab is super moist and flavorful. Any residual sauce that may come from the kabab will be easily absorbed by the basmati rice. The rice is nice and fluffy. Add a little butter to it when its nice and hot, and it becomes delicious ! The grilled tomato adds a nice, refreshing touch to it all. Just an ordinary grilled tomato but it just brightens up everything if you slice off a piece and eat it during the meal. Overall, great experience as usual. As said before, its a family owned restaurant, so super nice service. Since I came alone this time, i had my kindle with me and was reading it during my meal. The server came up a few times, asking if anything was wrong or if there was anything i needed.
4	Part market, part restaurant. But, it's all good. From the outside of this family owned shop you'll be unaware of the awesomeness that lies within. After several visits it's become my regular spot for Mediterranean food. Their two page menu is packed with tantalizing dishes. But after visiting here at least once a week for the past month I'm addicted to the koobideh kabob ($9.99) -- two skewers of ground beef marinated in a wonderful blend of spices. I've tried other items but keep going back to my first love -- the koobideh. The chicken kabobs ($9.99) are well seasoned and usually enough food for two meals. If you want to try both, get the chicken soltani ($12.99)  which has one skewer each of the chicken and koobideh. The filet in the Barg kabob ($16.99) was decent, but a little tough. For apps, the falafels ($3.99) and hummus ($3.99) are as good as you'll find anywhere in town.
5	We just moved here from Los Angeles - where there are so many Iranian restaurants to chose from. But, this is hands down, the  most delicious kabob and baklava I've ever had. The server was so fast, courteous, and nice. We'll be back every week!
4	We spotted this place while trying to find a place to get dessert. I was pretty excited because I enjoy trying new places! We started with the hummus. I'm used to having it served with soft pita bread but I also enjoyed what Zaytoon served which was like a huge cracker.I also tried the dolma which had lttle pieces of pomegranate sprinkled on the top. It was served warm which is a plus for me. I was hoping it would be cooked with tomato sauce. That is how I'm used to eating them since childhood but everywhere I have tried never serves it that way. I guess cooking them in tomato paste isn't the norm.My main entree was a special cut of Iranian fillet mignon served with basamanti rice. The meat was nice and tender. The rice also had a pleasant taste to it. I think next time I head over there I would step out of my comfort zone and taste something new!
5	delicious! the food and service were excellent. The staff was very friendly and accomidating.
5	Small place attached  to market, but don't let that fool you. The food is amazing! Had chicken soltani and beef soltani! Delicious!The taaftun bread is homemade and to die for! The service is quick and attentive! Must eat here!  Bravo zaytoon!
5	Love this place. We have been here several times. I love the Koobideh Kabab with white rice. Service is always friendly and prompt. The market next door has fresh breads and produce.
5	Love the beef and chicken koobideh and the lavash freshly made and hot! When you walk in you feel the warm inviting atmosphere and the feeling of feeling welcome to a family. Their fresh juices made to order are delicious. The lady is who served us was very accommodating, friendly, and makes sure that we receive the food HOT. I can't stand it when we eat out and the food is room temp or almost cold. We have been here several times now and the food is always fresh and the service is friendly. They don't make you feel rushed. Their fragrant hot tea is wonderful and I feel I can linger without feeling rushed out. I also like their market that's connected, they have such a wide variety of things that come from many countries, their selection is extensive. I even like their fresh herbs, cheese, and variety of fruits. Love this place!
5	We love this place.  It's a small gem hidden inside of a grocery store.  The owner and his wife are very friendly and always go the extra smile to make us feel welcome.  I ALWAYS get the KGB.
4	I came here for lunch and I must say I was impressed. The prices are super reasonable the service was amazing and the food was great. There was a younger gentlemen that was our server I believe he was the owner. He was very kind. We ordered the hummus and vegetarian dolmas (stuffed grape leaves) for our appetizers. I enjoyed the dolmas so much that I could have ordered to of those and been happy. We shared an entree which was the chicken and beef kabob with rice. The chicken kabob was delicious and the beef was just okay. The rice was decent although I have had better. It was a bit plain and needed some flavor. It was a great meal for $22 and will be back! Oh and the restaurant is in a cute Mediterranean market.
3	Good food
5	The best Persian food I have had in Vegas! Friendly service excellent food, clean place. The rice is cooked to perfection, the kabob's have so much flavor, the hummus and bread yum the best! I love this place! Oh and the felafel's are so good. Want to try something different try this place you won't regret it.
4	Excellent little Mediterranean market with a attached restaurant that serves up some very authentic Persian food.  Had the koobideh plate with an order of shirazi salad.  Very yum. Only reason this isn't getting 5 stars is because the service was a little frazzled. Even though there were many staff around they kind of just stood around in the back, with only one guy doing the order taking, busing, serving, etc.  hmmm just a tiny bit chaotic.
5	Went to this place for a quick lunch due to the yelp ratings and definitely was not disappointed. This place is amazing great little whole in wall. Nice atmosphere with some amazing food. Food was better and different than expected. The service was great so friendly and nice drinks were kept full and quick with everything. I will definitely be back and would recommend this place.
5	Oh my god , this place was a real surprise.  We had there Russian roulette where you get to choose four different appetizers,  baba gounoush , hummus , falafel and a fried Iranian eggplant dip, and the bread that come with it....wow. I was expecting a pita bread but what they brought us was the most amazing lavash I have ever tasted, like a giant cracker...but soft and flaky and right off the grill. We also shared a beef and chicken kabab with saffron basmati rice, which at this point , I was already to full to eat it, but I did, and it was absolutely fantastic. I will come here again. And I hope all of you do to! Wonderful experience. Wonderful staff, and by far some of the tastiest Mediterranean food I've had in quite some time.
5	Came into this place because it had good reviews on Yelp. The review's did NOT let me down. This place is awesome from the service, to the price, to the food. Everything is so delicious here. I've gone twice in the last week, BEWARE you will have serious withdrawals and cravings from this place.
5	The food here is consistent and delicious. I usually order the chicken soltani. Some of my other favorite dishes are the chicken kabob with barberries, the lamb kabob, and filet. They also have the best homemade bread that is excellent with the baba ganoush!Excellent customer service!
5	Wow! What an awesome experience all around. They are friendly, the food fresh, tasty and amazing, and clean. Cant wait to be back to try more.
5	The kabobs were perfect. The rice was perfect. The service was great. I wish this place was in my town. I would be.... more broke. This is actual good quality food and I would really recommend it. One of the few restaurants that know how to do Persian Kabobs right.
5	My favorite Persian restaurant! The owners are so nice and the food is mouth watering!
5	Once again, this place doesn't disappoint. Stopped by Vegas and we had to eat here again.Their food is fresh. Meat dishes are juicy and flavorful. The hummus and bread are perfect together. They are consistent and I highly recommend this place.
5	Excellent service and food! We got the chicken kabob. It was juicy and very tasty. The owners are awesome and seem to really love what they do. They also have a little shop next door if you need some middle eastern spices, etc. Love this place !
5	This is one of my favorite places in Vegas.  The food is just spectacular and the service is extremely friendly.  The baba ghanoush is the best I have ever had.  I also really like the koobideh kobab.  Try it with the special spicy sauce they have and it is just out of this world.  I have been there a few times and it has been consistently great each time.  I cannot recommend it highly enough.
3	What appears to be family owned Mediterranean market in a lowkey plaza. It doesn't look very appealing from the exterior but I had a lovely time. My friend and I took our seats outside of the cafe facing the parking lot. Though the scenery is nothing to rave about we started out with fresh carrot juice, twas delish! We opened with grave leaves and cucumber salad. Their cucumber salad is very sour and tangy, you must pair it with bread. Their bread is a thin crisp bread with sesame seeds. The grape leaves were decent. The eggplant with beef casserole was amazing, it's a very stew-like flavorful dish perfect over basmati rice. I ordered a side of fresh yoghurt to compliment the flavors. Overall, it was very cheap and the quality is very decent for Mediterranean food! Please be advised they do specialize in "halal" items. It is Perfect for lunch.
5	Best Mediterranean food in vegas!  It's always a good idea and never disappoints!  Chicken kabobs are super tasty and everything is always good!  When I come to vegas this is my first stop! My family loves it!!
5	I love this place! Starting from then entrance, to the food and especially the hospitality! The owners are awesome! I love zaytoons!
4	Great family run restaurant .Really loved there chicken kebabs and specially loved there fresh breads ...they are one of the best I ever had ..nice  thin ,crispy and fresh out of oven Highly recommended .
5	The bottom line: We are definitely fans of Iranian food and Zaytoon did not disappoint us.The Pros: The service was very friendly and our server was quite knowledgeable. I once got a tip to always try the daily stew in an Iranian restaurant and Zaytoon's pomegranate stew was no disappointment. The price was reasonable. The variety was very good. We loved the fact that they had "sumak" as a condiment on the tables and that the other diners were quite obviously Middle-Eastern. The market that is adjacent to the restaurant has a large variety of Middle-Eastern products that we have been looking for for quite a while.The Cons: The location is not necessarily the first you would think of if you are a tourist in Las Vegas. The setup is very "family style" which we really like, but others may not find "professional" enough.
4	Great authentic grocery store and restaurant. The service is fast, and affordable.
5	If I could give zaytoons 10...20...30...40...a million stars and thumbs up I would! Without a doubt, this amazing restaurant has the most spectacular food, hospitality and staff/owners. Every time I come in to be honest it feels so homelike and the atmosphere is so welcoming! I always get the koobideh (I hope I spelled that correctly) kabobs! The quality of the rice, onions, tomato and beef is hands down is superb! If I could I would eat this everyday!The owners are the most kindest, amazing and humble people you will meet! Sam is the best! His hospitality is phenomenal! Not only do I eat amazing food there but we always have good conversations! Thank you again for everything sir! I forgot the other owners names but she is amazing and superb as well! Im hoping in the future zaytoons will grow within las vegas and expand to even the strip!Zaytoons! You never cease to amaze me. Thank you for everything! Great appreciation to you!
5	Great food and service... I fly in from California and have to eat here every time... Thank you!!!
3	I like how this business is a restaurant and a grocery with a deli, but felt the menu and deli selection could use a boost.Browsed the grocery and found both unique ethnic finds and some basic staples, which helps not have to go to multiple stores. Produce section was lacking but really liked the clear bins of refrigerated fresh herbs in the back left corner.They were out of the koobideh so I settled for the chicken kabob plate for my dinner- surprised that this was not served with bread of any sort and their hummus was a bit on the bland side but had good texture. Chicken and rice were spot-on for doneness and flavorful, and I even enjoyed the roasted tomato.Pricing seemed a bit steep for the setting, but I did like how effort has been put in to make the dining section visually separate from the grocery with warm beige walls and some art.
4	I'm just going to say it: you won't find a better middle-eastern style restaurant for grilled meat plates in the city. Given, the bar is low. Even with that said, this family owned restaurant/market does a great job with their entrees. - Any platter with chicken or beef. Cooked to be juicy and tender. Served with basmati saffron rice, a grilled tomato, and some chopped onions - it's priced right and tastes great.- The shirazi salad. It's chopped tomatoes and cucumbers in a vinegar and oil dressing, plenty of spices included. It tastes great, but the portion is rather small.- Hummus. Great hummus, spread thin on a large plate. Again, tastes great but it really isn't much.- Falafel. I try falafel almost everywhere I go that has it. This is the kind I don't like. It's dense and sans-seasoning.- Freshly baked flatbread. Always included with appetizers, it's a hot addition to your food and quite welcome. I think it could be baked a little longer, though, for that extra crisp.Service is stellar. This family really makes sure you're taken care of and satisfied. I've been back quite a few times and I'll keep coming back as long as they serve up the same flavors and kindness.
5	luv zaytoon makes me feel like im at home! probably the only real mediterranean restaurant on the westside. they make you feel like a part of their own family. they know all the regulars and have your orders memorized.
4	We are new fans of Zaytoon! The right hand entrance is to the restaurant while the left is to the market. We browsed the spices and delicacies while waiting for our food to be ready.The meat is flavorful and the portions are equivalent to what you pay for. My SO loves the koobideh while I prefer chicken. With the rice, I like to mix in the butter and onions, then sprinkle the sumac.Upon entering, you'll immediately notice and appreciate the authenticity. We will be coming back!
5	Its family owned small business, really a whole in the wall. The second time I dined here I was the only nonPersian eating there. Good sign that's it's pretty authentic. First time I went there is was good, second time I went there is was also good. You walk in where its half market half restaurant and just take a by seat then they bring you a menu and you order. After you order they will bring you some Persian flat bread hot out is the oven. It is so good, I can just eat that with some humus and to me that can be a complete meal. On this trip I tried the hummus and Shiraz salad both good. Also had the Chicken and koobideh combo. I enjoyed everything here and the prices are really good and unlimited bread which can fill you up. So be careful no to eat too much bread even tho it so good. This is the only Persian or middle eastern restaurant that I have been to that serves this unique bread, most places just give you the market crap pita bread warmed or cold which is crap.This is the best Persian restaurant in Vegas and better than any in LA that I have been to.
5	Decided to check this place out based on other yelp reviews and glad that I did!  Don't let the strip mall location fool you . The food and service are on point here. The dining area is small but just big enough that you're not on top of adjacent tables and connects through to a full middle eastern market.  The lavash bread was freshly made and perfectly chewy and crispy.  The chicken and ground beef skewers were tender and flavorful.  Would definitely come back to try their other specialties!
5	One of the best restaurants in Vegas and the best meat in town great people great service great food
5	Great store and resteraunt they carry many israeli spices and things that are hard to find here. Just remember they are closed on sundays. Friendly and helpful staff also.
4	The kebobs with fresh bread (lavash) was great, but i suggest them to use difference rice.
5	Wow.really?one of the best of the best service,people and food in the us.highly recommended.Wow to their white fish.loved it
2	Very disappointed with there Fesenjun, being a Persian Restaurant  I was expecting it to be atleast cooked well, Rice was very bland not enough butter .Fesenjun was bog disappointment ,Kobiedieh was also not good over all I was not satisfied by the quality and taste of the food , Service was also not that great they forgot an item and called me back but that doesn't really and he didn't have to lie to me saying that they ran out to give me my order because I was next door doing grocery for few minutes, Well again Business should  value there customer's.
5	Their food was good. Best fresh bread I ever had. Prices were very reasonable. it Seems like all the family were working there. They gave me an excellent service. very kind people. I forgot to buy a bread when I was ordering my to go food. They gave me my bread and did not charge me for it.
3	The bone in chicken was good, nicely seasoned and very juice. But was just missing something maybe a sauce. A Nice sauce would have made this meal so much better. I miss kabob Palace. where they had a great sauce for there kabobs called chutney specifically for there meats.
5	This is my first visit to Zaytoon, and it won't be my last!! The best persian food in town. Pricing is very reasonable, and quality of food is amazing, also incomparable. My favorite appetizers were the Kashk Bademjan, The shirazi salad, and the cucumber yogurt dip. I had the boneless chicken kabobs which were so tender and spiced perfectly. My husband had lamb chop kabob which was very tender, melt in your mouth, and not gummy.                                       Golenaz and Sam were very attentive, friendly, and gracious. Also, the place was clean and nice, and the food was fresh and delicious with excellent service!!                                        Can't recommend enough!!  Thanks again Golenaz
5	You don't see to many Persian restaurants that make their own bread. You get a fresh bread with any of your order. I haven't seen prices this low. I hate to say it, but they should raise their price for an outstanding service and quality.
4	Wow! Such good Persian food in Vegas??? I love this place! Friendly service, nice decor and amazing food. How can it go wrong? A family owned Persian restaurant serving quality food. Love their Kabobs! Soft, juicy and delicious. It's definitely worth stopping by here while your in Vegas.
5	ALWAYS good food. ALWAYS good service. This place is consistently good and has become a favorite.
3	The younger guy is very nice, ask for the younger guy to serve u and it will be great meal, but the older man will stare over you like a hawk when u are trying to eat food, this is very bad in Persian culture, to hover over people at 7 yards meanmugging them while they try to swallow their food. We were out of the restaurant 10min before closing but this old man had to grill us down for the last half of our dinner and let us know how upset he was. In my opinion he was was very uncultured and unmannered.
5	Every single dish we ordered was fantastic! We will be back every time we're in Las Vegas.
5	I was on a business trip in Las Vegas and a good friend took me to Zaytoon to enjoy a Persian meal. I enjoyed the hot bread at Zaytoon served for appetizer and the casual ambiance of the restaurant with beautiful decorations. I recommend this place to all people who love good food at a reasonable price plus great Middle Eastern food that Zaytoon market offers.
4	I am so glad I live next to this place. I am appalled it's taken me this long to stop in.I would probably give the restaurant 3.5 stars, but the market 5, so it balances somewhere around a 4. The restaurant is a great neighborhood place, very cozy, very, very clean, and with a very friendly staff. Somewhere between 5 and 10 tables, and authentic in that wonderful, unpretentious way that announces their food is good, and they live here, so sit down and eat. The food is very good; we had a group, and 3 of us had the kofta, one of us had lamb. Everything was good, but not slap-yo-momma I have to order something else. The kofta started to dry out towards the end, and I sort of felt that overall, most things could use a little seasoning and salt - BUT everything came with a lovely packet of Sumac salt. It needs that. That makes everything much more lovely. Also, we licked the bottom of the Babaganoush. OHH!!! OH! And the Market! They have sweet lemons!!!! What, Foolish American who shops only at smiths? "Lemons are never sweet?" you say? Ah, fool that you are, you have not shopped at ethnic markets and bought things you do not know the name of. Sweet lemons are sort of like the beautiful godly love child of meyer lemons and tangerines. They are soft, and about the size of a small valencia orange. They are yellow and speckly, and sweet with a sharp tang on the finish. They make margaritas superlative. They are also awesome peeled into mandarin-esque wedges and eaten as snackies. Zaytoon HAS THEM. And about 10 other wonderful citrus and fruits you won't find at albertsons, for prices you won't find at albertsons, fresher than you will find at alberstons. Feel silly for shopping at Albertsons? You should.Did I mention cheap pistachios?
5	Zaytoon ~ The best & the freshest Mediterranean Food in Las Vegas!!My favorite dishes at Zaytoon:The boneless Chicken KabobYoghurt & Shallots Dip ~ Masto MusirKoobideh Kabob (ground beef)Barg Kabob (Fillet Mignon)Bone in Chicken Kabob (Whole Cornish Hen)Also, make sure you order the piping hot flat bread.  It is great with the Masto Musir!!Honestly, everything they serve is great!!!My family is addicted to the food of Zaytoon!!  It is really great food & the prices are so affordable!When you go to Zaytoon, look for the owners ~ Sam & Golenaz!  They are such wonderful & hospitable people!!  They make you feel right at home like family!http://zaytoonlasvegas.com/restaurant-menu.html
5	Everything from the traditional homemade bread, to the falafels, to the KGB and the Fesenjaan, and the hummus; everything was delicious!  The owner was very genuine and helpful when it came to explaining their menu.  The service was tops and even their water tasted fresher and more clean than most restaurants.  I enjoyed their market; my wife bought garlic spread and I was really tempted to pick up some lavash.  We can't wait to come back!The persian melon juice was refreshing and delicious!  I only wish it came in a 64oz!
5	This placer is outstanding,  food was so good and the service was super!  I definitely will be back
2	As a Chef and someone familiar with Persian Food, we found the food bland, the servings quite small for the high prices charged. Sure, nice small market, clean place, nice people, just a couple of blocks away from us and on the good side of town, but the dishes bore little to no resemblance to the amazingly spiced, incredible tasting dishes I came to love from the best families in California. We went with great hopes of a good meal and came away disillusioned.....
5	Been coming here since I was little- my family has loved this spot for years. The food is the best persian food in vegas and tastes the most authentic. My family grew up in Shiraz and know the richness and flavor good persian food has. This place is cozy and ran by two wonderful people. I always take friends here who want to taste persian food because I want their first impression to be a good one!
5	Excellent food with excellent service....they even allow my 4 lb yorkie to sit with us ......can't ask for more....thanks zaytoon.
5	Family owned. Super friendly people. Amazingly marinated meat (had lamb and barg) and the fresh bread is a fat woman's dream! Prices are fair. Intimate setting. Will be back again for sure! Yum!
4	Great food, great service and great people working here. I do most of my shopping here and it's much more pleasant than going to some big grocery store and standing in line. The restaurant inside is also amazing and probably has the best rice out of any Mediterranean restaurant I've tried. 5 stars well deserved!
5	Wonderful experience here. The food was authentic and flavorful. The wait staff were quick on their feet, pleasant and professional. The rice is probably one of the best flavors. I can't wait to go back.
5	One of the best Mediterranean food in vegas!! The service is awesome!! I highly recommend this place
5	This place is the best persian restaurant whole US . They really should charge more for their food--you can tell they put a lot of work in making it so tasty, especially the kababs, which is crazy flavorful.
5	Most tasteful Persian dish I have had for a long time. The friendly atmosphere in combination with good service and tasteful kebab made the trip to Vegas worth it!!!! Will be back ;)
5	This is the first time in Vegas we came to Persian Resturant it was really good . The food was great and they have fresh bread the people they work here very very nice , we loved it we be back very soon ;) you going the enjoy the food here . Thank you
5	Amazing food here. The bread is to die for. The special dishes and any Kebob are/is fresh and flavorful.
4	Came here to get my cravings satisfied with Persian food. The food was pretty tasty. I ordered the Koobideh Kabob. It was cooked well. My mom ordered Lamb Shank. This was mediocre, there was a little too much fat on the meat. The service was really warm and welcoming. Also this is a market so you can purchase some goods. I bought some fig jam, excited to try it! Happy eating :)
