5	Simply the best Service in the WORLD!!!!!
5	Have to echo the first reviewer.Simply the best. The 23rd floor sky lobby offers sweeping views of Las Vegas. There's someone to greet you when you get out of the car, one for the door, one for the elevator up, one when you get out of the elevator, and someone at the front desk.Talk about feeling like a VIP, seriously. It's kind of ridiculous.The lobby lounge is gorgeous, well appointed, and the views are killer. I mean, it's about what you'd expect out of the 12 billion dollar city center :)
5	10 stars!!! MO is absolute pleasure.
5	A friend of mine celebrated New Year's Eve here and raved about the view from the 23rd floor lobby.  We had to stop by and take a look ourselves.  What can I say?  It was lovely, indeed.
5	The best intimate Vegas experience hands down.  The service here is phenomenal. Everyone smiles, everyone goes the extra distance.  I was bowed to so many times during my stay! Very beautiful new hotel in City Center.  If you would rather avoid a casino in your lobby try the Mandarin. It's expensive but worth it.  Only complaint was that the breakfast was a little slow but everyone is so darn nice it's hard to criticize anything about this fantastic hotel.I would suggest staying here and then heading out and about town to all the hot spots.Try the Nantucket eggs at MOZen restaurant for sure.
3	Beware of the "soft opening"!!!They hotel isn't fully open yet - only partially (hence the term "soft").  The decor is gorgeous, as are many of the rooms.  We saw four different rooms in our three night stay because of chaos and confusion with our reservation and with the front desk.  The kinks are FAR from out at this very new hotel.  Everyone was pleasant to the fullest, but few seemed to know what they were doing - especially when it came to using the bill and reservation systems (check in, check out and room switches all required four different people to be involved - no joke -  truly a mess).  I will likely give them a second shot, but definitely not for a few months at least.  I suggest you stay away until then also.  Oh and they really need to understand that this is Vegas in a recession, not Hong Kong in the glory days.  The prices are NUTS across the board (food, spa, drinks, amenties etc).
5	I cannot say enough how wonderful the Mandarin Oriental is. The first thought that comes to mind is Impeccable Service. The quality of service just makes the experience all the better. Our awards event was 80% successful just based on the venue, service, and food alone. The ballroom is a beautiful venue. Floor to ceiling glass windows overlooking the Las Vegas Strip. Simple and elegant decor with just a hint of the Orient. The muted colors work well with any color scheme. The MO was very accommodating with what we wanted for our event too. Yep, we had aerial acts, pole climbers and a stilt walker =P The food was very very good for a production of 250 guests. The chocolate martini dessert was heavenly. Melina, Brittany, & Paolo were a charm to work with. I highly recommend the Mandarin Oriental. =)
5	Stayed at the Mandarin for the first time last week.  I've stayed at a lot of luxury hotels around the world and, I must say, this place beats them all.  The level of service and attention to detail is phenomenal.  Comfortable bed, spacious room, luxurious bath.  Everything was perfect.  Will definitely stay there again.
5	Stayed at the Mandarin Oriental during CES week. We had an early flight so we arrived hours before check in time. They gave us hot tea and hot towels and were told to wait till a room was available. We sat at the Tea Lounge and shared a Pellegrino. Other patrons in the lounge were ordering afternoon tea which looked pretty good. The menu had a multi-layered chocolate cake that seemed pretty decently priced at $12 or $15. Too bad it was only available after 5pm. =(After waiting for a hour or so, the room was ready and the lady at check-in took care of our bill. It was just water but it was nice of them. The rooms are downstairs while the lobby is on the 23rd floor. The lady walked us to our room. We had the Mandarin Executive Room which was spacious and very modern. I might put some pictures up if I ever get around to it. She quickly explained everything to us before leaving. The bathroom was extremely nice with a a HUGE soaking tub and a closet shower. There are only 2 negative things I would say about the bathroom is that the small television in the side mirror wasn't working too well. It was really difficult changing channels and we couldn't get the volume to work but we didn't care enough to call concierge and have them fix it. Also the lights in the shower wouldn't turn on sometimes. There were plenty of towels and had any toiletry needed. They had a sewing kit, comb, toothpaste/toothbrush, shower cap, extra soap, a loofah, shoe shining kit, and the best lip balm ever-- better than Khiels!! Too bad there was only one because my friend took it. The bed was nice, not as soft as I'd like though. Perhaps the sheets were a bit too stiff but they were all new. Turn-down service entails a bottle of water. The coffee/tea pot was filled with water and the complimentary box of teas was extremely nice. The same tea bags sold at JP Patisserie. There were also bath salts if anyone chose to take a nice leisurely bath, just don't fill it up too much or you'll be floating in it. lolPlenty of upscale Vegas hotels are turning hi-tech using remotes for curtains & blinds, music, temperature, and lights. My friend didn't like it because he thought it was slow and unresponsive at times; and it was no match to his system at home. He thought there were better systems out there like any Creston or hi-end Pronto. Mind you, we are well aware that this is still one of the best remote control systems that you can get at a hotel. The same system is also at the ARIA but without the sound bar.We only stayed at the Mandarin Oriental for 2 nights, the rest was spent at the ARIA which doesn't even come close to MO's quality of service. So far the best hotel in Las Vegas but I have yet to stay in the Skylofts, maybe next time.
4	Was loafing around the strip the thursday before bachelor weekend and i rolled thru the Mandarin Oriental...I don' t know what i came across when i went down to the 1st floor lobby.. The whole front lookd like a scene out of the matrix.. Crazee peaceful and quiet, and jus a few Mr. Smiths and Neos walking around..I honestly didn't know where I was..  The 1st floor lobby is actually a staircase below the strip and u feel like u are totally somewhere else..Went in thru the front and saw a lobby that wasn't quite a lobby.. haha.. (Didn't know that the 23rd floor sky lobby is where u check in).. Crazeee... Took the elevator and rolled thru the "actual" lobby.. Whoaaahh..Was speechless.... Definitely another level of hotel... Took a seat at the Tea Lounge and got drinks, and jus chilled by the window overlookin the strip..The architecture and interior design of this hotel is quite sexy and I am definitely looking to actually stayin here...
5	This is by far my new FAVORITE HOTEL in all of Vegas!! It's simply AMAZING!! The hotel is very peaceful and quiet. The lobby is located on the 23rd floor w/ a spectacular view! There were only a few downsides to this hotel: 1) no casino (but that's not necessarily always a bad thing- sometimes you don't always want to smell like smoke when you walk out of your hotel) but the Aria Casino is just a short walk next door. 2) You have to take at least two separate elevators to get to your room and 3) The pool hasn't opened yet. (But they did give me courtesy access to the Bellagio pool) The rooms are simply amazing!! As you walk in for the first time, the curtains open up for you electronically! Everything in the room can be controlled in three different ways- wall switch, interactive TV remote, or the digital frame (looking control) at your bedside. They can control the curtains, lights, tv, music, room service, temperature, etc. The restrooms come fully stocked w/ every toiletry you would ever need, and some you don't even think of! No need to bring your own. It even comes with a curling iron! The tub comes with bath salts! Every time my husband and I travel- we like to take baths, but never have any bath salts or bubbles. The room comes with bath salts! There's even a TV in the bathroom mirror, so you can watch TV from the bathtub. There's a valet closet in every room- so you never have to be disturbed. Shoe shining is complementary! Just place the shoes in the valet closet, and the hotel staff can pick up and drop off without disturbing you! You will never see a maid cart going up and down the hallways. The maids carry all of their needed items in bags. You'll never see newspapers on doorsteps waiting to be picked up. This hotel defines class! All of the employees and staff are soooo nice and courteous! They greet you every time you pass by and the ones that you interact with even remember to call you by name! I would stay here time and time again!!
5	excellent service. excellent decor.  excellent food and an oasis from the norm in and around Las Vegas.
5	WOW - this is one place that totally lived up to all of its hype and more! You walk in to be greeted by several people, in very welcoming and warm voices. You take the elevator up to the Sky Lobby on the 23rd floor with beautiful views behind the front desk. Every single person here was so polite and even though we had a mix-up, they took care of it all on their own, while seating us in the bar (the only one part of Mandarin Oriental I wasn't impressed by). The room was absolutely lovely - we had views of the strip - but more importantly, the intricacy of detail and the use of technology made this experience one of the best ever (and yes, I've traveled quite a bit). The bathroom was quite large (definitely one of the items on my checklist when evaluating a hotel-room) and everything was clean, tidy and not overcrowding. It does, of course, have a very East Asian flavor to everything, from the decor to the colors (red) and the patterns. I found the brown-red colors soothing and most importantly, relaxing and rejuvenating after a day out in the noise and crowd (they don't have a casino here)! I have reviewed their bar, spa and restaurant separately.
5	You'll feel the VIP service as soon as valet greets you. They have a small entrance/sitting area downstairs and check-in is on the 23rd floor which is very unique and wonderful as you can see the strip. The place feels very sophisticated, classy, clean and romantic.Our room was the Mandarin Premier, about 650 sq ft. It is beautiful, hi-tech, furnitures are high quality and well placed. The bathroom was very spacious as well with beautiful upgraded finishes throughout. Ample closet area where there is also a safe. The room is also equipped with several cables like usb, Ipod cable among others.Overall wonderful experience. I think it's perfect for a relaxing or romantic retreat, if you are very picky about your hotel, business travellers, families who doesn't want smoky surroundings. It is right at the strip which is great as you can explore Las Vegas very easily.Customer service is outstanding and very impressive.
4	I only walked through here while touring all of the City Center.  Upon arrival two nice gentleman opened the doors for us and informed us to head up to the 23rd floor for the bar and lobby. Once we got up there we saw the Tea House on the other side of the check in desk.  It's actually a really small room that is very informal and people were wandering in and out taking pictures of the fantastic view.  I personally, would not want to be drinking relaxing tea and have tourists wandering in and out of the room taking pictures.  That would ruin the relaxing effects of my tea :o)I had to use the ladies room before leaving and wow...seriously the nicest bathrooms ever.  The hand washing area only uses real cloth hand towels and the bathroom has a view of the whole strip!  This hotel has a really nice design and vibe to it.  I'm looking forward to staying here in the future.
3	You know how a place doesn't do anything totally wrong -- but they don't do anything exquisitely right, either? That's the Mandarin Oriental Hotel.  Their facilites and service are indeed -- just a mirage -- in the middle of the Las Vegas desert. And at the prices they charge -- I think EVERYTHING should be pretty much stellar. The hotel is gorgeous. The rooms are spectacular -- though the sheets are very hard (I had to put heavy hand cream on my elbows by nite #2) -- and the toiletries are terrific. But But But...Example: On our last day there, we decided to sit at the pool from about 10 am to 3:30 since our plane didn't leave until 6. We got the ok for late check-out since we didn't check in on Friday until after 7. Well, we ate b'fast at the pool. had a couple of drinks. swam slept and then ordered a thai salad to share for lunch. Long about 12:45, the guy who'd been serving us, came up to us out of the blue and handed us a bill and asked us to close out our check. We never asked for our check to be closed out at that point. We figured, maybe he was done for the day -- and he wanted his tip pronto. It was a bit strange and rude, but we closed out for him.Then we called someone else over to re-open another check and ordered another couple of drinks and some french fries. The guy who'd asked us to close out our check came over after that, and asked why we'd decided to order more stuff. Why didn't we just tell him we wanted to keep the tab open.Now where I come from, when u're just leisurely sitting around a pool, it's always been that when I'm ready to close a check -- I simply wave over to someone and I let THEM know, when I'M ready to close out my check. Anything before then -- or a forced check closure -- is just a tad bizarre.Speaking of the pool. On a beautiful 80degree Sunday morning -- the overwhelming smell of rotten eggs permeated from the second pool on the left side of roof (sulfur? waste?) I don't know -- but it forced everyone to the right side pool -- which got very crowded very quickly -- leaving the other pool and the only jacuzzi completely empty. Drag.Example 2: WE KNOW FOR AN UNDENIABLE FACT  that My bff misplaced his brand new Hank Aaron hardcover book at the hotel. Either in the room or at the check-out desk. We called from downstairs to ask if they'd found it in either place. They said they'd ask lost & found & call us back. The next day -- still no phone call from them. Not even to let us know they hadn't found it. So we called 2 days later. They said they hadn't found it. That is absolutely impossible. Since we noticed it was missing before we left the hotel premises -- when we were standing downstairs waiting for the cab to the airport. He'd just bought the book the night before we left, and we hadn't left the hotel grounds since.Example 3: Nearly everyone smokes in Vegas. Even folks who don't smoke at home. The Mandarin Oriental only lets you smoke outside standing up (no sitting area) in front of the hotel in the cold where the valet guys and door guys stand. Or so we thought. Until we hit the pool and discovered that it's ok to smoke on the right side of the pool area in nice comfy lounge chairs. No one told us that until 2 days after we'd been there. We'd been tracking all the way over to Aria -- for the casino (cuz MO doesn't have one) for drinks & smokes at a place where we could actually grab a seat while doing so.Example 4: We'd called down from our room for a cab to the airport. We got outside at least 5 min. before the taxi was scheduled to arrive. No one was out there but us and the doormen. The taxi was another 6 min. late. By now 3 other people had shown up waiting for a cab. When one finally showed up, one of the doormen escorted this guy who'd not been waiting there for half as long as we had -- into the cab we'd called down for and had been waiting for. This after my bff had tipped this dude $5 on friday; $10 on saturday. Oops the doorman said. he's sooo sorry. He forgot we were still standing there. He called a cab co. immediately from his cell phone. A car was there within 2 min. Needless to say, on Sun that doorman did not get a tip.Can't break down the expenditures exactly for the hotel, since I bought it as a package (with airfaire) thru Amex -- but ball park for 2 nights 2 people double occupancy was probably about $985. & we only got a 5th floor room.But if you like playing musical elevators -- or if you have a kid who likes to push elevator buttons -- u'll love this place, just for that. You must always take 2 elevators in order to get up to your room. One is around the corner from the other. And after a certain time at night, you must go all the way up to the 23rd floor to switch elevators, instead of the 3rd floor duing standard business hours. Gee yikes. Who thought of that layout?Was thinking of trying the Mandarin Oriental in Miami this coming May on my way to a trip to Turks. Not so sure now, though.
4	Arrived at the Mandarin Oriental by car driving from the LA area. The valet and doorman were very courteous and promptly unloaded our things and loaded them up for the bellhop. We made our way up to the 23rd floor to check in. Other than a slight computer problem getting our keys ready it was a as speedy as it could be. We were escorted to our room and shown how to use the room controls where I offered a $20 tip before she left. She refused to take it which I thought was classy or maybe the $20 she thought was an insult. Not sure which one, but either way I kept my $20 and used it on the pricey drinks at Mandarin Bar.The room was beautiful, a little dark but one of the nicest bathrooms I've stayed in while in Vegas with Wynn/Encore a close second. There were a lot of free extras in the room like bottled water, iPod adapters and a lot more than normal bathroom amenities. The bed was amazing, better then Wynn. My only complain about the room is that there is a mirror smack dab in the middle of the window overlooking the strip. They have a million dollar view and they are partially blocking it with a horrible design feature.The prices in the mini bar were outrageous even compared to Vegas standards. I had some family staying at Aria and thier mini bar prices for the same products were about half of what they wanted at Mandarin. Very nice bathtub too. I actually took one there and it's the first I've had in years.We had breakfast twice at the MO Bistro on the third floor. It's pricey but the breakfast and service were top notch. I recommend the eggs benedict with crabcakes. They had a name but I can't recall. A cup of coffee will cost you $9 bucks which I thought was ridiculous. It wasn't anything special. Breakfast ran us about $80 with tip each morning. Only breakfast I've ever had though with an amouse bouche. I hoped I spelled that right.The pool was very nice and small which I liked. We never spend any extended period of time here as the weather was on the chilly side.The Mandarin Bar is nice but plan on spending $20 for one cocktail. We had a drink there before heading off to dinner one night.When we went down to the lobby to catch a cab to go to dinner at Alex there were no cabs waiting. So they offered us their chauffered Mercedes at no cost. We happily accepted the offer. I tipped the driver $40 as he was very friendly and probably would have spend more for a towncar anyway. Apparantly Mandarin has problems getting cabs to come to their hotel because their isn't a lot of customers for them. The hotel is relatively quite and not a lot of guests are in need of a cab. Either because the hotel is small or the guest are all rich and have chauffered cars take them around. Either way we benefited this time.We decided to do the afternoon tea at the tea room on the 23rd floor. It was $40 per person and was not worth it. The sandwiches tasted like something out of a 711 deli case. The scones and treats were nice though.Overall we had a great stay. It is expensive but anyone staying here should know that they will be spending money, lots of it. However the hustle and bustle of the strip is non issue here. It was the quietest stay we've ever had in Vegas and we were right on the strip. It seems almost like the hotel was empty the entire time we were there. It was a weekend even. It was a nice change not having to walk through a casino everytime you want to leave.I will definitely be back but probably won't spend anymore money at their facilities. The room and service will be enough next time.
4	I can't seriously fault it, but I probably wouldn't stay again. If you're in Vegas but don't really want to be, then by all means stay here and look no further. But if you like the excitement and craziness of Vegas, this place kills some of that effect. I'm certain that was the point and I don't want to knock them for it, but having spent three nights here I can now say I'd rather be part of the craziness. When you come out of the front of the hotel, you feel as though you might as easily be in downtown Philadelphia as on the Strip. The whole CityCenter complex gives that impression with the exception of the Aria casino. The MO is sort of like taking THEhotel at Mandalay Bay or Four Seasons to the extreme. Those places are separate and more peaceful, yes, but they're immediately connected to mainline Vegas in all is wonderful, noisy glory. Service is faultless, from the check-in (they give everything to you with two hands) to the restaurant staffs to the attentive pool folks. The only minor service slip-up was not receiving turn-down service one of our three nights. The room was a bit of a letdown. We had a Cityscape with double beds and those are a little cramped. I might feel differently about an Executive room or a Cityscape with a single king. With two beds, there's just not much sitting area. Only one armchair, in fact. The assumption would be that with two beds, there are more people in the room, so why would you design them with fewer places to sit? The decor is very nice, with soothing colors and a sliding panel with a black-and-white screenprint that covers the opaque bathroom wall for privacy. I liked the full-wall wide-lattice headboard as well, until I reached up for some reason one day and discovered the top lattices hadn't been dusted. Clothing storage space is abundant, taking up the full wall of a sort of hallway located directly inside the door, between the bathroom and the wall to the hotel hallway. Lots of drawers, a nice-sized closet, and several cabinets, as well as counter space. The much bally-hooed valet closet was pretty much a non-issue. They make so much noise opening it they may as well knock on the door. The free shoeshine is a nice perk, though. There's no ice on the hallways, you have to call room service (grrr!), but each time we called the ice came within five minutes. Bathroom is the best part, with a free-standing, huge porcelain tub and very nice lighting. Actual drawers, too, so you don't have to pile everything on the counter. The electronic panel was easy to work to control lighting, temperature, and drapes. Hard to keep the temperature consistent, but the weather was up and down so that may be why. Didn't have any problem with noise from other rooms, though the sheets were a little stiff for my taste for total sleeping comfort. The restaurant, Twist, is sensational and a must-do (see separate review). The Mandarin Bar is also a must for the view and the experience. The prices are very high (five drinks came to over $100 with tax and tip), probably to keep out the socio-economic riff-raff. However, it doesn't keep out the posers and douchebags who flock here in abundance. Be prepared for lots of guys in white linen shirts and jeans with excessive ornamentation on the pockets and their hanger-on girlfriends in tiny black dresses, all engaged in inane conversation. One couple was openly making out on a sofa just before closing one night. As I said, a must for the experience.The pool is nice, with some of the best CityCenter views (if "best" is a word that can apply to views of it), a gracious plenty of comfy lounge chairs, and attentive service. Drinks here are cheaper than the bar. There are two narrow rectangle pools and two jacuzzis. Fitness center has plenty of ellipticals and treadmills, but no abdominal machines. (BTW, access to the fitness center is FREE; access to the spa costs a mortgage payment.)Random notes about the MO: We didn't really mind the two sets of elevators. It's a little confusing at first but you quickly adjust and I know why they do it. There was almost never more than a five-second wait for an elevator at any of the banks. MOzen Bistro is a great breakfast place with fairly reasonable prices and terrific servers, who get to be your friends if you stay a few days.
5	At first, I really wasn't sure about the hotel, hadn't heard much about it. The room was awesome, it had just about everything you could think of. They make it very easy as a traveler. The pool was beautiful, it reminded me of a miami type feel and it was on the 8th floor. Service was perfect and everyone was so friendly.
5	The best hotel experience I have ever had without a free continental breakfast buffet!  Incredibly relaxing without the smoke, the casinos or the noise.  Slept like a baby each of the 3 nights there over the 4th of July weekend.  The gym was as excellent as the pool.  Complimentary use of the house Mercedes with driver was an added bonus.  Additional perks include free shoe shine, free use of the pool cabana, CVS downstairs and excellent tv.
5	ACCOMMODATIONS5 stars, as always - isn't that a given at any Mandarin Oriental? Love the new control panels, which literally run everything from the curtains to the lights to the entertainment system from right next to the bed. Piggy particularly likes the "wake up" settings, which you can program to turn on the lights and/or open the blackout curtains at a certain time (or even gradually turn on the lights over an extended period), which makes for a remarkably calm morning, with far fewer incidents of startled-tumbling-out-of-the-bed than a regular wakeup call or alarm clock - now, how do I wire up the pigpen with one of these systems? (^(oo)^)ROOM SERVICEtypically tasty Mandarin Oriental fare available 24 hours a day, although this little piggy was a bit saddened that there is no spaghetti bolognese (one of my great favourites from the MONYC's room service menu). The breakfast selection is especially creative, IPHO; piggy highly recommends the excellent banana walnut french toast! (^(oo)^)vservice is *very* prompt; I like that they give a specific time (e.g. "we'll be delivering your order no later than 2:36pm") which gives hungry little piggies a nice, definitive number of minutes for counting down (^(oo)^)vDOORMENI really think the doormen & bellhops are one of the Mandarin Oriental's great secrets. They're all so incredibly nice & considerate & helpful!  Where do they find them? piggy wants to know!! (*(oo)*)  POOLa little hard to find, but quite up to Mandarin Oriental standard! Very comfy lounge chairs with extra cushy padding, and fantastic cabanas with actual sofas on which little piggies can lounge about in a leisurely fashion while conveniently avoiding the sun. Each cabana even has its own TV inside, which also serves as a handy partition, so you don't have to awkwardly pretend you don't see/hear the occupants of the next cabana sitting 2 feet away (^(oo)^)
5	Why on earth would one go to Las Vegas in July when it's 112???  The obvious answer is "when one doesn't have a choice."  Sadly this was the case as I spent this past weekend in Vegas to attend my niece's Bat Mitzvah.  (Yes, Virginia, there are people who actually live in Vegas full time.)  OK, so what can make you forget the 112 degree heat?  Well, nothing actually, but the Mandarin Oriental comes the closest . . . There isn't honestly much I can add to the reviews already written about the Mandarin Oriental in Las Vegas.  It is not necessarily the easiest hotel to find in the new City Center complex -- you drive in between a CVS pharmacy and Amore Patisserie -- and take the elevator up to the 23rd floor and the Sky Lobby in order to check in.  Then, you take another elevator down to your room . . . but if rest and relaxation are what you're after, the Mandarin Oriental is superb!After all, how many high-end hotels on the Las Vegas Strip are totally non-smoking, and have no casino?  Ahhhhhh, yes . . . rest, relaxation, and hearing that incessant "Wheel! Of! Fortune!!!"The electronic control panels regulate everything from lighting to curtains, from the television, the music system -- even the "technology center," from wi-fi to running your iPod, or your notebook through the entertainment center . . . The huge bathtub is to die for, and I am not the biggest "bath person" (I prefer showers).  On the other hand, I love hot tubs, and this bath is so large and deep that it combines the best of both a [regular] tub and hot tub.The cabanas at the pool are equipped with misters that spray a superfine mist to lower the temperature and keep you comfortable -- even in the (say it with me now) 112 degree heat   Each cabana also comes fully stocked, includes a 42" flat panel TV, comfortable seating for up to eight, and -- again -- the service is so attentive yet unintrusive, a difficult balancing act to pull off, yet the Mandarin Oriental seems to do it with ease.Service is exquisite.  Period.  And if some of the prices for cocktails or dinner items are a bit high, well -- in all honestly -- it's in line with the rest of the hotel and, after all, it is Vegas . . .
5	i have stayed at most of the high end hotels in Vegas including the Four Seasons.  I will now stay only here in Vegas from now on.  Not only was the hotel and room luxurious, the staff was incredible.  The room is not only comfortable, but it has state of the art control panels.  The spa is absolutely incredible with amazing views as is the bar and Twist restaurant.  it is so personal and quiet....i just love this place.
5	Stunning hotel. Money well spent for the experience!! Highly recommend staying at least once in your life.
5	Fourth of July weekend we were crazy enough to go to Vegas and stay at the Mandarin.  We loved the hotel and the rooms were modern and beautiful.  The hotel  is very clean, there is spa music playing everywhere including the elevators and there is no smoke filled casino filled with people losing their retirement.  It is a low key hotel without any pool parties and dance music blaring in your ear all day.  Don't get me wrong, I like dance music but at a club not when you're relaxing pool side.  We will be returning Labor Day weekend and can't wait.  It's such a great property with great service and ambiance.
5	Better central location on the strip than Four Seasons. Service was outstanding and the rooms are great though a bit small.  Loved the private valet entrance off citycenter for easy in/out.  Bar has fantastic  views and delicious cocktails (they'd better be for $20) Added perk - state of the art gym and quiet, infinity edge pool.
4	This place is epic. Elegant, classy, contemporary, secluded. Exceptional service. All the little details of their hospitality and service are a welcome change from the typical Strip hotel experience. From the fruit skewers offered poolside to the drapes that open automatically when you walk into your room, Mandarin excels at service. I loved my stay so much that I rebooked for next weekend. And I had no plans to return to Las Vegas. The Mandarin staff made us feel that special. The people are almost too friendly. And the pool boys are very easy on the eyes, ladies.The only reason I'm not giving five stars is because of a couple surprises in the room. The accent pillow on the chaise was stained, and the soaking tub in the bathroom had black stratches all around the base. The wear and tear was surprising for such a new hotel. But I'm still going back. It's that wonderful.
5	As an up and coming Mandarin Fan, I really enjoyed this establishment in Vegas. I appreciate the consistency in service I've experienced in NYC, Miami, DC, HK and now Vegas. I LOVE the fact that there are no casinos in this hotel, it's quiet and suitable for relaxation. Aria is next door so you are steps away from the casinos. Even the standard rooms are very spacious with soaking tub / shower. You may half open the bathroom to see through the living/bedroom from the tub. I love the little tv in the bathroom, and enjoyed it while taking a bath. Amenities are wonderful, I loved the idea of a valet closet where they put additional items or newspaper you requested so they don't have to disturb you by knocking on your door. Control panel was great, might be a tiny bit confusing at first but I normally just used the one by the bed and try not to touch other buttons outside of the bathroom lol I don't need to say another word about the bed. It's always super big and comfortable. Pool: Was exactly what I expected, modern, small but tasteful. Enjoy a few drinks or mango sorbet under the sun. The cabanas are available for rent furnished with white linen couches, fan and tv. I LOVE the fact that it's not super crowded (the aria pool area is like a zoo, still good but way too many ppl) and not a whole lot of kids around. Restaurant: MOzen Bistro actually had great dinner (awesome portions) bento box was good and the lamb was amazing. Brunch here was fantastic as well. I loved the congee, really makes me feel all warm and cozy inside while watching the bamboos sway outside Mandarin Bar is a great place to watch the sunset and have a drink to unwind Twist by Pierre Gagnaire: one of the most amazing (but expensive so be ready) 3 hour meals Spa: (Key is weekdays Mon-Thur are at least 30% cheaper than weekends) I used the full spa service while staying there. The mani pedi was very good. For pedi you have your individual booth where you can watch the strip as you relax. They gave me a warm pillow and it made me almost fall asleep! Signature massage, oriental harmony was very relaxing, they customize the oil for you and I definitely did fall asleep for this one. After wards i enjoyed the vitality pool, experience showers and my favorite was just laying on the warm body temperature tile lounge chairs. They offer you a little silk pencil pouch with some simple toiletries to take home. I've been using it as my make up pouch ever since. Btw the spa black and red trim robes are the most comfortable robes i've ever put on. more so than the normally very comfy robe in the room. so i ordered one. :) Wonderful experience ended with them offering complimentary car service to the airport. I heart MO
5	Beautiful view of the strip. I love the sky lounge and it feels like you are not in Las Vegas!  Although the amazing cocktails are pricey, it is delicious! I enjoy that they serve you sweet, salty nuts, wasabi nuts and Asian trail mix with your cocktail or drink.
4	This facility is a new addition to the strip just under a year old. It's perfect for the person who wants to go to Vegas for stuff other than gambling and smoking cigars. No Casino here and no smoking rule. They have a private entrance secluded off of the strip which is really nice. The security is tight as well. The way they built their bank of elevators, there is no way for a random person to just happen to walk down your floor. The rooms are well sized with tons of space dedicated to the restroom - deep tub separate from the extremely roomy shower that could fit 5 people and the toilette has an entirely separate room as well. Hair clippers, scale, blower dryer, ionic flat iron, curling iron are all there for you to use. And of course a T.V. and phone complete the bathroom experience. If I am going to be picky about 2 things its this: 1) the robes seemed a bit worn for a facility that's under a year old. And 2) the shower wash, shampoo etc. smell gross. You can control the lights, TV, radio and curtains from a panel next to the bed...to set the mood...The service is top notch there and they truly make you feel like a guest of an Emperor!To be clear, this place is not cheap but nothing in Vegas is. They have a nice sized pool on the 8th floor, spa complete with yoga and pilates classes an awesome gym equipped witth all of the latest gadgets.They impressed the Empress!This going to be my place to stay next time I'm back in Vegas.
5	ONE word... WOW!!! I never walked in an elevator that had seats for the 10 seconds ride up.. BUT I'm so glad and grateful they did!!! Shows their concern about women and their 5 inch stilettos ::HEARTS::  =DBeing a newer hotel, of course everything is CLEAN, SLEEK, and TOP NOTCH. That should be given. But what I really liked about this place was the EXCLUSIVENESS. Although this hotel is on the strip, it is a little hidden in the back so you do not get the VEGAS CRAZIES trying to steal your cab. That is, until you have us staying with you ;) jk.
4	Amazing.  First off, I love that it's a little set back from the strip and that the entrance is hard to find.  That sets it apart from all the other hotels in the area.  The lobby is beautiful and has an amazing view.  Our room was beyond compare.  We had a great view of the strip and enjoyed having the paper delivered in the morning.  I would stay here again for sure, if only for the unbelievable level of service you receive as a guest.
4	OMG! 2 beautiful for words 2 describe. Brand new shiny,sleek & modern...City Center in Vegas is a marvelous Gem. OK, we'll stay 4 2 nitesElevator system is stupid and annoying.The LOBBY is on the 23rd floor.You can NOT enter hotel and get on elevator and go to your room???You mUst FIRST take ONE set of elevators to the 23rd floor lobby , then CHANGE to a new bank of elevators and then go to your room floor.To go DOWN....you need to go UP FIRST to 23rd floor....CRAZY---who does that??Lovely place, but I will NOT returnBEWARE $30 valet overnight???Aria is FREEY pay??
4	In my opinion, the best part of the new City Center.  Not only does it have the novel addition of having the Lobby on the 23rd floor, but the ultra modern design makes you feel like you are in a James Bond movie, or Inception.It's all very lovely, but the thing that blew me away was the Bathrooms.  The view is right across City Center, they have drying linens instead of paper, and both the soap and the lotion is scented very elegantly.  Something like Junniper in the mens, Jasmine in the womens.I'm going to have to go back and sample their bar and their tea lounge.
5	BEST. HOTEL. EXPERIENCE. I. HAVE. EVER. HAD.Let's make something *real* clear the Mandarin Oriental Las Vegas; or for that matter any hotel in the Mandarin Oriental Hotel group does not need my fawning little Yelp review they are pretty much at the cream of the crop. A free flight brought me on a little jaunt to Vegas before the holidays. They were having a promotion for book two nights get a third free. (I doubt the website said free more likely complimentary)I arrived the Sunday night after Thanksgiving around 10 pm. I stepped out of the cab and the valet says Hello Ms. S_______ we've been expecting you. Me? Little old me from Brooklyn? How did they know my name. The Lobby is on the 23rd floor and has a pretty view of the south part of Las Vegas Blvd that the hotel is located on. It is on property that used to be The Dunes. The MOLV is part of the complex that houses the Aria Hotel and Casino and the Crystals shopping complex. Everything is marble and pretty much brand new as the grand opening was 12/5/09. At night the hallways are dim and have an opium den vibe.As other Yelpers have noted the entrance is secluded and from the minute you pass onto the property it is almost like not being in Las Vegas. I was in a standard room that apparently it is unique as it is on the end of the hallway. You need a keycard to get in the elevator that goes to the guest rooms which is a nice touch of security. Everything is super clean, lux and well appointed. I more or less did a dance when I got to my room which was in full turn down mode when I arrived. Everything in the room is automated you can control the shades (sheer or blackout) the lights, your alarm, TV, music etc. It even tells you when you engage the dead-bolt. My name was also on the screen (I guess acknowledging that things in Vegas get wild and you may forget who you are)Floor to ceiling windows. King sized bed with sheets that have some thread count I have never before experienced. Flat screen tv. Tub/overhead shower. Newspaper of yoru choosing to your room.I could get used to this-I did get used to this.The staff is on point EVERYONE from the valets, front desk staff, housekeeping staff, IT staff is all "Hello Ms. S__________, Good Morning Ms. S__________ Are you enjoying your stay Ms. S_________?Hell to the yes lots of places pretend they are offering this level of service but this is one of the only places that has far exceeded my expectations.The gym was top notch-my only complaint is that the yoga classes were extra-really I'm paying quite a lot to be here and no gratis yoga. (Yoga mat in the closet of each room though)A little slice of heaven on Las Vegas
5	Best Hotel in Vegas. I come to Vegas 5 times per year and this hotel is the best by far. I arrived in a taxi and I was greeted by two doormen and a concierge. While checking in they upgraded me to a suite because I was staying for 6 nights. One morning I went for a jog and when I returned the doorman had a hot towel and bottle of water waiting on me. The Mandarin Bar has the best martinis in Vegas and great views of the strip. The room was clean and the cleaning service impeccable. If you want to gamble, the Aria is a short 3 minute walk.
5	It doesn't get much better than this when it comes to luxury hotels.  The Mandarin Oriental is is neatly tucked in off of the Vegas strip, and you would never know it's there unless you weren't looking for it.  The whole experience from valet to the ultra cool lobby located on the 23rd floor to the very modern room was amazing.  They really know how to take care of their guests as well.  I was staying here for business, and didn't have a chance to have dinner here or to try out their amazing looking spa.  The hotel had very few guests in it at the time, which is a stark contrast from the mega hotels found throughout Vegas.  If you're looking to stay on the strip and still have a tranquil place to stay, then I would recommend checking into the Mandarin Oriental. I will be back next time I travel to Vegas.
2	Nice but seventies tacky!  What were they thinking?  Walked in and walked out after 30 minutes.  Aria is excellent and we stayed at Vdara!!!
5	Mandarin Oriental offers true luxury that surpasses most high-end hotels in the area.  There is no casino in the hotel, and the entrance is secluded.  Nice getaway from the hustle and bustle of Las Vegas.  Aria is only a few steps away whenever I want to reimmerse back to the Las Vegas lifestyle.  Some people complained about the separate elevator system to get to the room, but I don't see it as a problem.  The hotel service was impeccable.  Every staff from the front door to the lobby was friendly and helpful.  I can't find anything to complain about the room.  Nice spacious room with modern decor.  High tech gadgets including the automated room control unit.  A small mirror TV facing the large soaking tub.     Impressive state-of-the-art gym equipments.  The outdoor pool area was empty in the winter, but you can still use the jacuzzi for relaxation.
5	UTTERLY FANTASTIC! The Mandarin Oriental Las Vegas is simply THE BEST.A truly serene setting set back from the strip. Extraordinarily beautiful.  Tranquil. Simple & elegant Asian decor. Rooms are amazing. Huge beautiful bathrooms, dual sinks, large tub w/ bath salts, separate shower & toilet. In mirror tv w/ volume control, and a WIDE array of in-room complimentary ammenities.  Beautiful dark wood flooring & closet/chested area as you enter.  Gorgeous bedroom decor & super comfy bed. PLUS! the thing I LOVED the most is that all light/power switches are thoughtfully placed & labeled AND everything can be controlled via the touch screen control/clock beside your bed OR the television. You seriously never have to get up. Turn off the lights, open/close the drapes, and set sleep/awake timers for EVERYTHING! perfect for the truly lazy, or the hungover.Hotel staff & service went above & beyond.  Everyone was incredibly polite, helpful & pleasant...I didnt experience one bad attitude, from front-desk, bell service, in-room dining & the hotels bar & restaurants, it felt like I was in the best dream! We had a strip-view room, and I definitely recommend it.  I was able to tour the other standard rooms & then the other suites all the way up to the 3-$15k a night suites, and for the average (not balling out of control) joe you're gonna get the cheapest or 2nd cheapest room offered. Both are very beautiful, but the strip-view just adds a little extra (in my opinion) with the neon lights!The Four Seasons, the Sofitel, they get 5 stars.  I would give my Mandarin Vegas experience a 6!
4	Great non-gambling hotel in the City Center. This place has a really nice ambiance. The entrance is on the first, but the lobby is on the 23rd floor, which is the top floor. You walk in, you go up, you check in, and then you go down to your room. To get to a room floor on the elevators requires your room key, which makes it all feel very exclusive. The service is great. The staff are all very professional. I will definitely stay here again, even though it's a non-gambling hotel!
5	The Mandarin Oriental is one of the first hotels I've been to in Vegas that I felt completely relaxed the entire time I was inside. The decision to not include a casino within the hotel was spot on.I originally budgeted an hour and a half to visit the spa and get a one hour massage but ended up staying for several hours. If you're looking for a place to detox, this is it!The rooms are a bit pricey, but totally worth it!
5	The Mandarin Oriental is a fine hotel with excellent service and a serene atmosphere at a good rate.  We stayed for two nights and used the high-quality gym and beautiful restaurant-bar.  Our fith floor room was spotless, large, well-appointed and completely free of unwanted noise.  Staying here was a great choice because of the contrast to the outside world of Las Vegas where all manner of excitement can be found.  Last: we asked if the hotel car might be available to take us here and there and it was available: chic.
5	One of the best hotels I've stayed in.  Great service from staff.  Everyone who works there is either smiling at you, even as you are just walking by or asking if you need some assistance.  Room was beautiful...very tasteful and expensive looking without being pretentious.  The only thing I thought was odd, like previously mentioned is that to get to the room, you have to go up to 23rd floor, which is their lobby, then take another elevator that takes you to the room.Other than that, it's very nice.
5	I'm saying it right now... The Mandarin Oriental is the NICEST (non-casino) hotel in all of Las Vegas. As far as relaxation and amenities go... Hands down. This place cannot, will not... as far as I can see, be beaten in the near future.My best friend's fiancee stayed here so we were able to hang out & visit his suite, if you can call it that. It was more like a spacious apartment. And we also got to use the pool...The Mandarin Oriental is just a left turn ramp down from the entrance of the City Center as you head towards Aria. As close as it is to Aria & its shopping mall, it feels like it's a world away. Loved it.The entrance. Looks as if you're walking into a small boutique hotel because you have to take the elevator up to get to hotel registration. And I must say that the wall decoration/art/covering messed with my senses a little bit. I was diggin that wall... It looks like WHOA. Kinda made me dizzy trying to stare at it. Gold i dont know whats are covering the entire wall... I forgot to take a picture of it but it looks like other Yelpers were impressed as well. Amazing.The suite. It was like a large San Fran apartment. Living room with art books for browsing. A separate bar area that had small, not miniature bottles of: Patron, Grey Goose, Glenlivet, Black Label, Bombay Sapphire, Baileys, Hennessy, etc. The kitchen came with a healthy stocked refrigerator with juices, drinks, fruit cups... You name it, this fridge had it... The guest bathroom was nice, dark and understated with black/red coloring. The suite had a modern Japanese decor to it. I was quite impressed.The pool. I love this pool. It was the middle of a Las Vegas summer and it was hardly packed. Heatwave status. Not very many people at all. So when I say that this hotel makes you feel like you're somewhere else besides the Vegas strip, believe me... it does. For me that was a huge plus. The lounge chairs were super comfortable. They come with side table storage and sun block was provided. Private restrooms with showers were a short walk away. Ice cold bottled water was at the ready for all guests a few steps away. Full bar was also available on the pool deck. We ordered food... I ordered a bacon cheeseburger and it was delicious. Hearty sized burger that came with all the condiments. My friend even asked if they can make a bacon-wrapped hot dog... and they did. We ate good, stayed relaxed, got in the cool water and it was very nice. The service. I can only comment on the people I encountered on my visit. One of which was a nice lady from the front desk who walked us up to the pool deck via elevator so we wouldn't get lost. That was really nice of her and she seemed very pleasant... The others were the pool staff. Super nice. Friendly, attentive... even though the Vegas heat was on them. They checked on us often.  A+Valet. Excellent... Got my car almost immediately. This hotel is very low key, so it doesn't  seem like they would have any guest wait too long for anything, let alone their car.Hotel was beautifully simple and quiet. Rare for Vegas... A welcome change. I really liked it.Side note... As you pull up to the hotel. There is an art gallery across from the main entrance. Saw some Marilyn Minter pieces I recognized. NICE.
5	The best hotel experience ever. EVER. From the valet service to the luxe hotel amenities to the apartment size rooms, it simply could not get any better. The customer service is above and beyond. It's a non-gaming hotel, a big plus for me, I'm tired of all the casinos and the hustle and bustle of Vegas. This was a nice change of pace for a quick Vegas rendezvous with my husband AKA partner in crime.The Mandarin bar is a great place to see the LV lights from this side of town. Fantastic view. Floor to ceiling windows. And excellent cocktails and small bites. Walking distance to Aria, The Cosmopolitan and the Crystal mall - which houses quite a number of flagship premium designer stores, I might add.If you can/want to splurge on a hotel, do it here.
4	Wow!This hotel is great if you never want to leave the room...bring bubble bath for the giant-ass bath tub!(trust me!) I loved every minute I spent here, we never watched the TV the whole time we were there. The even had amazing chocolate covered strawberries!
5	-----------------The Quick:-----------------Best Hotel. In Vegas. Hands Down. -----------------The Details:-----------------Finally. FINALLY. I have found what I have been searching for in Las Vegas over the last decade: a luxury hotel that lives up to its name in every reasonable way. For those unfamiliar with this particular hotel brand ("oh dude is that like Imperial Palace?"), Mandarin Oriental is a luxury, 5-star (think Four Seasons, Ritz) chain predominantly present in Asia. Although the Mandarin has hotels in major US cities such, NYC, SF, Miami, etc., its brand is still relatively unknown in the states. The Mandarin Oriental in Las Vegas served as a serene, calm, quiet escape I sought after a day or night of bustling activities, gambling, drinking, etc. It seemed every time my gf and I returned to our hotel, we breathed a relaxing sigh of relief and it felt damn good. Alright, alright: enough of the unspecific crappola, what about the specifics?!-Location: Superb. In the heart of CityCenter, center of the main strip. Monte Carlo on one side. Cosmopolitan on the other. Aria behind. Hotel is literally towering on the sidewalk of the strip. Despite such a showy location, most Vegas travelers will not even notice the discrete entrance. The hotel doors are hidden and it's meant to be. **of note, the floor entrance to the hotel is not where the lobby is located. You will be guided to a set of elevators that will bring you to the 25th floor where the "sky" lobby is located**-Facilities: Lobby is small, but beautiful. As alluded to earlier, the sky lobby is located on the 25th floor with 2 story high windows over looking the Vegas strip. Luxury spa, extensive gym, fine-dine restaurant, bar, pool w/ cabanas present. **of note: Casino? NO. Not surprising and more appropriate for the theme/environment this hotel is trying to emulate. Plus, casinos are like 5 minute walk away in every hotel surrounding the Mandarin.**-Service: A++++. Once you arrive, they grab your bags, escort you to the elevators to the lobby and I was greeted by name from the front desk. Bell service men were always professional, tip or not. We asked for late check-out and they gave us until 3pm (which is by far the latest non-charge late checkout request I have been granted). -Rooms: The gem of the hotel. Beautifully crafted rooms with wood accents and fogged glass. There is a beautiful, practical tub in the large bathroom, a separate shower and separate toilet. Two sinks and all the amenities you could ask for (yet u dont have to ask b/c it's right there!). Everything in the room can be controlled either digitally through a central LCD remote or for those who don't like to fuss with technology, you can also turn on/off everything in the room via simple switches on the wall. You can tell the superb quality of all the furnishings and the bed was among the most comfortable I've slept on in my travels.In conclusion, if you have the budget or get the right deal (i'm the latter) and am looking to stay at a luxury accommodation, look no further. I have stayed at other so-called 5 star hotels in Sin City and have been sorely disappointed. The ads and exteriors of Bellagio, Aria, Palazzo, etc. definitely scream the notion that such establishments focus on service and class, but I found nothing but empty promises. Up to the time of this visit, Encore came the closest to what I desired and is still one of my top choices and probably closest alternative to the Mandarin Oriental. However, there is no denying that the Mandarin Oriental will be my first choice every time I return to the desert.
4	First off, this hotel is absolutely amazing and almost earned 5 stars lest a couple issues.  We did have some hang-ups during the stay of being called either Mr Page, Mr Aoki, Mrs Page, or Mrs Aoki (only 2 of us on the trip) every time we were on the phone with someone.  Even after going to the front desk to complain, the problem was never fully dealt with.  But I'm easy, so no sweat.  Also, we were entitled to a gift certificate from Mikimoto Jewelers and it took some arguing with the front desk and pointing out the advertised rate on the website to the front desk for them to admit they were wrong and pass on gift certificate.  Additionally, the concierge gave us the wrong time for the Siren's of TI show which was a drag because it was something I really wanted to see.  Oh, and the Aromatherapy Associates Soap, Shampoo, and Conditioner provided was not that awesome, I went next door to Aria to buy their awesome smelling bathing products.  Lastly, there is some band or something that performs across the street (outside the city center) and if you try to sleep early, the music will definitely borrow you.  The front desk said they are taking legal action against the noise source.  However, that is about the extent of the problems.Onto the positivies: Bonus is no resort fees, really cool valet box in the room, automated everything in the room (this can be good or bad, same system as the aria), free water bottles anywhere you ask, great gym and staff with free fruit, we were given complimentary car service in their s550 twice (we were told we looked to nice to ride in a taxi), complimentary shoe shine, this list goes on. The staff will remember you by name and treat you accordingly. Concierge will handle any and everything you may need.  I don'd care how hard you come to Vegas to party, it's always nice to have a quiet retreat where you are treated with the utmost respect by the staff while you rejuvenate and get ready to do it again.  The service is unmatched by any other luxury chain in Las Vegas. MO's elsewhere in the world can run in the hundreds per night easily, so this is a great deal and a great chance to try out the chain and see how you feel about the experience.  I definitely will be headed back.
5	If you are looking for a beautiful relaxing hotel on the strip then this is your hotel.  I have stayed at every nice hotel in vegas and would have to say the Mandarin is my favorite.  The rooms are great and the service is the best on the strip.  It is a quite oasis from the "vegas rookies".
4	We spent 6 days at the MO celebrating our 5th wedding anniversary. I have somewhat mixed feelings about the hotel, but overall would definitely recommend it.On the positive side, the room was very comfortable and staff extremely attentive.  The service staff is proactive and gracious in a way I've never experienced before, even at other luxury hotel properties.  As far as the room and amenities, MO has paid attention to details --his & hers sinks (jewelry box, lighted magnifying mirror, and padded seat on the woman's side), bath salts, flat iron, hair dryer with attachments, bath scale, yoga mat, yoga DVDs, hot pot & tea, and the valet closet (genius!)  The designers put a lot of thought into the room.  Having the house car available was another very positive feature.  While you can't reserve the car, we used it for at least one trip per day (first come, first served, one-way only within 2 mile radius).  The drivers and bellmen were very helpful.  One concierge gave us attitude, but everyone else was great. The fitness center is very well equipped, but they close early-- not very convenient for those who are used to working out late like us.The negatives?  Housekeeping was the major issue.  They kept missing details.  We had dirty tea cups and empty left in the room; teaspoons removed but not replaced; sheets left out on the seating bench; bathrobe removed due to spilled coffee and never replaced; no ice after turndown (there are no machines from which to help yourself); crowning offense was that the maid left a dirty sponge on the bathroom counter.  We complained at this point in order to bring the issue to management's attention, and were satisfied with an apology.  However, that same day our room was neglected for turn down service, which meant we had to call for clean towels, etc. at 1:30am and wait for someone to bring those items up--very frustrating and not what I am willing to tolerate from a hotel of this caliber that charges such high rates.  We complained again that afternoon in more stern fashion.  The woman at the front desk offered us lunch at MOzen Bistro to try to make up for the housekeeping issues, but we turned that down because we had not enjoyed the bistro.  Instead, we secured an evening checkout on our last day without charge and reserved the house car for our trip to the airport.  We felt that was adequate, and appreciated the gesture (although I think the offer should have come from the front desk more quickly--they tried to get away with just another round of apologies).  Fortunately, none of the housekeeping issues prevented us from enjoying the room; just quite annoying.The only other thing I didn't like was that the bathroom in the room is glass walled.  I appreciate the aesthetics, but it's not practical.  You can draw wood panels on the bedroom side, but there's still a glass wall in the hallway.  I just like more privacy than that.  Thank goodness I was with my husband!  We found it strange and a little disconcerting, but not a big deal.  I would not stay in this hotel if sharing a room with a friend, though.Overall, we greatly enjoyed this calm, beautiful oasis amongst the insanity of The Strip.  We would be happy to return, especially if we're able to find great rates online like we did for this trip, but I hope they provide some additional training for the housekeeping staff.
3	Arrived in Vegas 4/7/11 @ 10pm, and upon check-in, I was informed that they were going to hold $500.00 on my credit card for incidentals, which I thought was OUTRAGEOUS, but I rolled with it...Well when i got an text notification to my account, it was held for $1300.00.BEYOND LIVID!!!!!!!! I went back to the front desk to inform the hotel rep, and she stated OOPS!, I will get it reversed (NEVER HAPPENED, I AM BACK IN LA, AND I STILL DO NOT HAVE THE FUNDS) The hotel room was nice, but for the price, it was just AVERAGE. I usually stay at the Venetian, and I get alot more for my money. The only reason I gave this place 3 stars is due to the fact that the staff was very polite, and I like that they called me by name, whereever I went.OTHERWISE, I will not visit this place again.
5	i have stayed in many 5-star hotels around the world, and this is as good as it gets.  impeccable service and accommodations. a real oasis in Vegas. quiet, luxurious and comfortable.
5	Best hotel I've stayed at in Vegas. And ranks highly in my Top 5... (others possibly St. Regis, Bora Bora - Ritz in Half Moon bay & Central Park... 4 seasons Hawaii... not sure on the others) Anyways, the service here is impeccable. If you forget something they will go to CVS and deliver it. There is a S500 house car that will take you to your destination (within reason) if it is available. Preface- The MO does not have a casino. It's super mellow and caters to those looking for non-vegas type hotel (read: wynn, bellagio etc) That being said, the location is ideal because you are next door to Aria, Vdara & Cosmo if you want to gamble or party... The room was awesome and super hi-tech. Everything is controlled from a touch screen remote (lighting, temp, curtains, privacy, music, entertainment etc) Design/Layout is well represented on the website photos...very ascetically pleasing and modern. All of the ameneties are in the room as well. Legit Blow dryer, hair straightener, bath salts, loofah, razors etc..Everything I ate/drank at the hotel was great. I had breakfast at Mozen twice. I order eggs + bacon + potatoes + waffles. All were fantastic, especially the waffle with a pecan cream dollop on top. We also checked out the "high tea" - I am not a tea aficionado, both tasted like TEA to me but the red velvet cupcake was perfect. All of the desserts/pastires are from their nearby bakery. The gym was the best hotel gym I've been too. It was LARGE, had a great strip view, bright and had everything from your regular gym. They did not skimp on the gym. The best part of the hotel (if not the above..) was the SPA. I LOVED it and would have spent all day & night there if i could. Everything is spacious, brand new and gorgeous. I had a massage (i wish i could remember my therapist's name) she was amazing. She mentioned she used to work at the Four Seasons in Vegas... I was impressed and would go so far to say that it was the best massage & spa experience I've had. Do NOT miss the SPA here!!! I will absolutely come back ;-)
4	I've stayed at most Vegas hotels and this is definitely the nicest.  It's certainly more upscale than Bellagio and Encore.  Mandarin Oriental is synonymous with luxury.   I was blown away by the rooms, the lobby, the MO Bar, and the spa.  When you arrive, you have two choices:  valet your car (free until Midnight) or park at Aria and make the trek.  My advice?  I say you valet at check in, then park at Aria for the night.   Anyway... you're whisked up to the lobby in the sky.  Best.  Lobby.  In.  Vegas.Everything in the rooms is controlled through the TV.  As a tech geek, I f'ing loved this hotel.  The only gripe I have about the rooms is that they have a floor-to-ceiling mirror that takes up a slice of the window.  Why?  Makes no sense.  The bathtub was also a bit awkward (at least for my fat body).  The little stopper was right where my cheeky ass wanted to reside.  Ugh. No probing, please (not without dinner and a kiss).One nice perk... If you want to spend time in the MO Bar, they'll take a reservation for hotel guests and seat you right by the window.  I suggest going on a night when the DJ's playing.  The views are incredible.  Order a dirty martini with blue cheese olives.MOzen Bistro was delicious (saw Tera Patrick at the next table). So... MO was nice, but... it doesn't have a casino.  Yeah... Aria is literally next door, but... still... you have to walk it. Then, again, you don't get the crowds wandering in off the street (the entrance is a bit secluded, as well).   Aria's casino is decent, albeit somewhat cold. I enjoyed my stay, but... would I choose MO over Encore next time?  Not sure.  I like having a casino in the hotel.  I think City Center helps the location, though. Todd English's P.U.B. was surprisingly good (get the lobster rolls!) and the Cosmopolitan hotel was nearby, too.  More to do in this area than at Encore.  Bottom line... If you want modern luxury, Mandarin Oriental is your hotel.
4	Great serviceNo Casino but short walk to aria. Not sure why Mandarin's always seem to have you go up an elevator for the lobby and then another elevator to you floor. Small but neatly appointed rooms.
5	I didn't stay here, but had cocktails in the Sky Bar.  The Sky Bar had a really nice view of the strip and a really quiet laid back atmosphere.  The service was helpful, friendly, and prompt.  The Sky Lobby smelled fantastic!I had the best margarita of my life here--calling it a margarita is almost a shame.  They were $18 each, but that seems par for the course on the strip.
5	If you spend much time looking through reviews of Vegas hotels a motif of sorts emerges pretty quickly..."who cares about the room?""but it's just for sleeping in a couple of hours so who cares?""I don't spend any time at my hotel so I don't care if it sucks!"What these people fail to recognize, I fear, is that it is precisely this dearth of expectation that provides for such a low standard.  And where exactly do these people relax after a day of walking those endless casino-miles?  Where do they get ready to go out for the night?  Where indeed do they get their freak on?The prevailing wisdom asserts that the hotel room is the LEAST critical measure of enjoyment as pertains to the successful Vegas getaway.  I am here to disabuse you of any notion that the party-line is worth your penitent regard.  From where I sit your hotel room is by far the MOST important decision you will make when plotting your Sin-City sojourn.Easy for me to say, of course, because from where I sit is in my room at the Mandarin Oriental hotel.Located on the periphery of City Center, right on the strip, the MOLV is your quiet and civilized oasis.  Calm.  Serene.  Tranquil.  Beautiful.  Expensive.Yeah it costs more than a few extra dollars to stay here, so if you're hoarding your readies to flay the stickmen at the craps table then perhaps the IP is a better option.  But to my mind, that money is far better-spent on the tasteful luxury and warm, welcoming atmosphere afforded to the lucky traveler who rests his head here.  You will want for nothing.  You will not spend 40 minutes checking in.  You will not have to navigate a crowded and smoky casino to access your room.I admit it.  The Mandarin has spoiled me for every other hotel on the strip.  Even options I had considered "a step up" in the past now seem hopelessly dreary.  But on a recent visit the tariff for my room was only 20 bucks more a night than what was surely a cramped shoebox at the sprawling and cacophonous MGM Grand.Another perk...  after inquiring of the doorman how far a walk it was to the Cosmopolitan he responded with an estimate of 5-10 minutes or so, but if i could wait 5 minutes the house car would be available to drive me to my destination.  Hmmm.... walk or be driven there in the back of a chauffeured Mercedes.  Yeah, not such a tough call, there.So look. You can take your chances at mandalayexcaliburcircuscircuswynnmiragepalacestationpolotowersballagio or wherever else the hoi-freaking-polloi is congregating.  You will save yourself money, but what you give up, to me seems far more dear.  Do yourself a favor.  Care about something.  Be good to yourself.  See you there.
5	It seriously doesn't get better than this.  We wanted to stay on the strip, but didn't want to be bothered everyday (some days are ok) by the endless Memorial Weekend parties that would certainly have continued throughout the night/morning.  All the while knowing that Memorial Weekend was going to bring high rates, we booked early and secured a decent rate and a very convenient breakfast and spa credit, with the latter being fully taken advantage of by the fiancee.  Our arrival was smooth, with our bags being delivered to our room within 10 minutes of our check-in.  The location of the hotel provided a nice buffer from  the extremely loud Cosmopolitan, but was close enough to it, that it wasn't too difficult to enjoy.  Gambling could be had by taking a quick stroll over to the Aria, but would have been better if there was indoor access.Continental breakfast at MOzen consists of fresh fruit, baked goods, cereal, and oatmeal.  At $24, good thing it was included in our rate.  Twist is also on the lobby floor and is an excellent option for a nice meal (see my review on that).As mentioned before, the elevators are strange, if not annoying when trying to quickly leave or return.  The only other nit-picky item of note was the electronic controls for the room.  At times response was slow and confusing.  Also our clock was an hour ahead, and I couldn't figure out how to change it.5 stars for easily being the one of my top 3 hotel stays.  Service was nearly impeccable and our stay was just beyond relaxing when we wanted it to be.  This is the hotel of choice if you want to relax while sleeping and recover from a night of debauchery.
5	Received the highest award AAA 5 diamond star rating. 2nd to none! Impeccable service, great attention to detail through the entire hotel, amazing rooms! Beds are incredibly comfy, in-room spa music and automatic curtain controls are out of this world. I felt I never should leave my room but it's too hard being in a party city like Vegas. They set the standard so high for me now everything else is mediocre. I will be coming back!
5	There are not enough good things to say about the Mandarin Oriental. If I could give 10 stars I would.We just had a short honeymoon here (and our first time in Vegas) and it exceeded all our expectations. Total attention to detail. Amazing staff. Our room was gorgeous, overlooking the Strip, with all the amenities we could ask for. Love the bath with bath salts. So many wonderful little features, like valet shoe polishing and loan cufflinks for when my husband forgot his!The highlights: the Spa is INCREDIBLE. I've been lucky enough to try many of the world's top spas and this beats it hands down. I will leave a separate review for the Spa. We had in-room breakfast twice which was excellent. Beautiful set up by our window, and the food was delicious both times. The cocktail bar is delightful, with gorgeous views and cocktails to match. Love the jazz band. Also, the pool is amazing. I have never liked pools, but it was so hot one day that we took ourselves to the pool and stayed in the water for 5 hours. There is something special about the water, our skin didn't prune, didn't dry up or smell of chlorine like usual pools do. Plus the complimentary frozen fruits and smoothies were hugely appreciated! We enjoyed many delicious cocktails in the pool and will definitely rent a cabana for the day next time!...Because we decided our first night that we would be back, and only stay at the Mandarin Oriental. We checked out all the other hotels, and kept saying to each other how glad we were to stay at the MO. No casino, no gawking tourists, just pure luxury and elegance. Thank you MO for the most wonderful honeymoon and vacation.
4	The Mandarin is a quiet oasis in the middle of the Strip.  We were looking for a non-casino hotel and decided to stay here because of the hotel's reputation and yelp reviews.  The hotel's facilities and service were top-notch. A short walk to the Aria gets you to the casino and shops are located across the street at Crystals, all accessible via sky-walk.  A tram at the Aria takes you up the strip to the Bellagio.We ate at Mozen Bistro for breakfast and prices were high but comparable to similar restaurants elsewhere.  Parking is Valet only ($30), but there is free parking at Aria.  Wifi is a bit pricey at $18/24 hrs.  But, it was nice to be pampered for a weekend and we would definitely stay here again.
5	Everything from services to amenities is top notch. They literally bring everything to you (hint: no ice bins). Everything in the room is state of the art. They provide more and even better bathroom accessories than any hotels I have stayed at. Best bed I have ever slept on (in hotels). Mandarin Bar was quite a relaxing little lounge that has nice views over the strip. They have live jazz and exotic cocktails you can try (no minimum charge).Overall this is the hotel you want to stay at if you want to only relax (no casinos or clubs). You would have to walk over to Aria if you want to hit up the casinos. It also takes about 5 minutes for you to get a cab because they do not let them in period. I think there are residents living in the hotel.
5	Awesome as usual.I'm not sure how many more words of flattery I can think of and bestow on MOLV. The staff and the service that they provide has always been excellent. The hotel itself is really quite nice as well.
5	my special lady and i just spent a weekend at this amazing oasis in the insanity of vegas.  usually vegas pulls you from distant places with the allure of insane fun and other unspeakable activities.  however, this one place is truly a calm area of serenity and pleasure.  the rooms were utterly beautiful, the bed was the most comfortable i've laid in, and the service was bespoke (in the very sense of the term).what was most noticeable was when we walked off this property into the crystals or cosmo, it was instantaneous madness with a gazillion drunk juveniles milling around trying to connive their way into the clubs.  while those areas were fun, it was great to go back to a place of true serenity.
5	Need to go to Vegas but don't love the crowds, casinos, smoke, and American craziness.  Coming from an LA native, the Mandarin is an oasis in the desert that fulfills every one of your senses. From the minute you walk into the lobby on the 23rd floor your daily stresses melt away.  The spa-like smell of the entire hotel is amazing, the pool is pure tranquility, the Mozen Bistro's sushi and curry dishes are to die for. You won't want to leave..
5	I had an amazingly wonderful stay here this July.  At the Mandarin Oriental Las Vegas you can be next to all the action that the strip has to offer without being consumed by it.  There is no casino and no smoking in the hotel so there is not a continual flood of people coming in and out and no second hand smoke that (no matter what steps they take) makes it upstairs.  It really feels like a residence more than a hotel.  I think part of it actually is.  The room reminded me of the one I had in Tokyo at the Conrad.  I really like the clean high functionality of the design.  The gym is one of the best hotel gyms that I have ever used.  The attentiveness of the gym staff was amazing.  I ran four or five miles on the treadmill there a few times during my stay and they would keep bringing me bottles of water.  There is no extra charge for the gym or pool either.  They have regular group yoga classes for about 30.00 and you can schedule individual yoga classes for more.  I didn't take yoga but I will next time I am here.The vibe at the pool is peaceful, luxurious, and adult.  There are no drunken frat parties going on like some other hotels down the street.  It's Posh all the way.  It really feels like an exclusive club or residence poolside too, not like a hotel and certainly not like a Vegas hotel.  I had a good smoothie by the pool after one of my work outs.  The steam room in the pool/gym bathroom is very nice too.  I have yet to use the spa but I hear it is amazing that you can be in a tub with a 12 story or so view of the strip.The staff will make you feel like this is your home.  I look forward to making it my home again when I return to Vegas.
5	Stayed here back in July.  If you're looking for a service oriented hotel in Vegas and looking to get away from the hustle and bustle of Vegas while still staying on the strip, this is it.  Type of hotel where they call you by your name and everyone has a friendly face.  Service is impeccable from lounging by the pool to the restaurants to the bellmen.
5	I love NEW hotels!  Impeccable service..from the door man downstairs, to the lobby, to housekeeping...right down to the three daily newspapers outside my door!  What other hotel has a yoga mat in the closet?!  Super comfy!  And for everyone who uses hair appliances... this is the first hotel I've seen a flat iron in the bathroom... not to mention every other detail!
5	**This review is for the condos above floor 23; not the hotel rooms below.**This is a pay-to-play residence. But if you can play, you are treated well. I experienced a $2 million view of the Cosmopolitan, Vdara, and Aria hotels from within the Mandarin. You are also treated to a birds-eye view of the Bellagio fountains, if you are in a NW-facing unit.The first thing you'll notice upon entering the Mandarin's parking courtyard is the sound of silence. Although you are merely a few hundred feet away from The Strip, the way the tower is designed, you can barely hear any of the usual Strip commotion, passers-by, honking, etc. It's kind of nice for days where your nights have seamlessly blended into your day and you can't tell East from West, left foot from right foot. Be advised that the courtyard is not super bright from sunlight in the afternoon due to the hotel/condo's design....but I digress.Take the first set of elevators (red satiny bench for the heel-addicted included) up to floor "Two-Three," as the valet calls it, and proceed to enter the Sky Lobby where you will see floor-to-ceiling views of Planet Hollywood and other casinos. Savor it. There is no casino within the Mandarin Oriental as others have pointed out. This is a grown-and-sexy affair.Proceed into the residential elevators and you'll quickly be whisked away to your appropriate floor. Saunter down the inviting hallway and notice the unique wood pattern on the doors of other units. Very clean; very modern. Ditto for the door hardware; they look to be German or Italian.Open your door and you will instantly bask in sunshine from floor-to-ceiling windows. A skyline unlike any other awaits its master's approval. 2000 square feet of space, both vertical and horizontal, don't disappoint. Fit and finish are second-to-none in the building materials. Dark hardwood floors and matching hardwood base boards perfectly contrast with modern, white tile in the bathrooms and kitchen.Depending on your configuration, you have 1, 2, or more bathrooms; all could very well have been designed by Philippe Starck. Decolav sinks lay on top of exotic-wood vanities. Backlit mirrors make it easier to shave. The Master Bath is very spacious; larger than many bedrooms. There are no normal bathroom doors here; the shower and toilet have their own separate designated areas, separated by 8' tall frosted glass doors on chrome CR-Lawrence hinges. If the bathroom looks like it belongs in a hotel, it is probably because you are in a hotel.There is a separate soaking tub for the lady. This place is honey to lady bees. Clothes will not stay on for long.The kitchen boasts European cabinetry which combines unique wood/laminate doors, vertical hinges, and frosted glass. Again, very modern. Very sleek. Open the door to the built in fridge (camouflaged by matching wood/laminate) and you'll see an up-and-down button. Curiosity dictates that you will push this button and voila -- the shelves in your fridge magically move vertically up and down. Totally unnecessary, but kind of cool. Doesn't really matter anyway, because if you live in Vegas, you likely have a carton of milk, some Crystal bottles, and a few red bulls in the fridge to complement the completely empty air inside your $5k fridge. Should you be inspired to "cook" one night (heating macaroni for that new "dancer" you just met), rest assured that the aroma from your culinary delights will whisk themselves off via a Gaggenau exhaust hood. The kitchen as a whole is its own art piece.Keep your furniture modern, 1950's, sleek, with simple, clean lines and your entire condo will look like it came right out of a design magazine because the Mandarin's design staff took care of the rest. You have the incredible views as a faithful backdrop; I could easily prop my feet up on an ottoman, Scotch in hand, and stare at the view for hours.As for the tower as a whole, you will get excellent service. Someone will bring your car up from the garage whenever you need it, you will be offered bottled water on your way out each time you leave (even if you're going to CVS next door), you can leave your car in the courtyard during the day, etc. One of the most impressive amenities, in my opinion, is the valet closet. You put your dirty clothes in your valet closet before heading out, and when you return -- voila -- freshly dry cleaned shirts/suits/etc! [I don't know about you, but I hate doing laundry so that is pretty damn cool]. The staff have access to your closet from outside your condo.Pros: Impeccable modern design (if that's your thing), modern electronics (think: automated rolling shades), top-notch hardware (door knobs, shower systems, etc.) and appliances all around, excellent fit-and-finish (i.e. smooth walls, caulking where it should be, use of exotic woods for doors, mirrors, etc), coffered ceilings, 3" recessed, accent lighting, wide hallways, tall ceilings, beautiful views.Cons: Price!
2	The residences have another con besides price mentioned above, three star service at a five star brand. The concierges gossip and have attitude,  the heating and cooling are sub par to say nothing of the health hazards. The design is amazing and idea is great, they just need to find the right management and staff to give it five star service.
4	A modern Asian theme hotel and room.I enjoy the bath tub with a view at my suite.Every employees were helpful find whatever you needs!!
5	I loved this hotel, stayed here last minute for a friend's birthday because their hotel was fully booked.  If you're looking for a place to relax and step away from the constant buzz of vegas, while staying on the strip...this is the place! It has an air of exclusive customer service.  The bathtub was amazing, and the bathsalts made for a wonderfully relaxing end for the night.  The selection of tea bags in the morning and the little bath amenities made the stay just that much nicer.  I can't wait to come back here soon, love it!
5	Recently stayed here for a business trip that brought me to Vegas. Holy smokes! I've never experienced such top notch customer service from a hotel! Upon our arrival the staff was so helpful and always called us by name! The rooms were awesome as well as the pool. The beds were super comfortable too. I am staying far away from Vegas for awhile, but will look for mandarin in the future due to such great service!
4	We stayed in a suite on one of the upper floors -- the view of the Strip was stunning.  This is a serene property (imagine that, in Vegas?!).  You feel removed from the hustle and bustle down at the street level.  I prefer not to gamble where I sleep.  The spa facilities are a knock-out -- state-of-the-art (laconium room, etc.).  You will not be disappointed with the level of service throughout the property, either, which is nothing less than I would expect from this hotel group.  All of that being said: I can't give MO LV 5 stars due to the bizarre howling/whistling sound that is produced when wind travels between the buildings in the City Center complex.  SO annoying.  It prevented me from sleeping at times (yes, it's that loud).
5	Stayed at this hotel with my husband and 2 young kids for a conference.  The room we stayed in was pretty small for 2 double beds and a crib, but the bathroom was amazing and the service was exemplary!  The staff knew my daughter's name and when we arrived in our room, there were stuffed animals waiting for her and her younger brother, along with baby supplies.  The next day, I asked for dishwashing detergent to clean my baby's bottles, and they brought the detergent to my room along with a bottle brush and a sponge (wrapped in paper).  They also gave us a diaper pail to use.  My daughter (who is 2) loved the pool and the yummy smoothies and lemonade they kept bringing us.  They also brought out a pool float for my 8 month old.  When we were leaving, we couldn't find my daughter's teddy bear.  So they gave her another stuffed animal!  Love the attention to service!
4	You want to stay at a hotel in Vegas and not smell like smoke? Come here. You want to have automated window drapes that you can control with a click of a button? Come here.You want to have free in-room bottled water and not pay $7 each? Come hereYou don't gamble? Come here! This place was amazing, I would definitely come back. Only reason why it's not 5 stars is because the lobby is on the 23rd floor, got a little annoying in having to go "up" then having to take another elevator to go back "down" to my floor.
5	I have visited the Mandarin Oriental twice--after it first opened and two days ago.  I have not been a guest at the hotel.  I simply went as a local "tourist" who wanted to see the public art in the ground floor lobby and the 23rd floor Sky Lobby. Everyone at the hotel both times was extremely courteous and helpful.  You can tell that guest service is number one priority at this property.  The first time I was there, I asked the woman at the door if it was OK to go to the Sky Lobby to view the art and she said, "Of course, go right ahead!"  The hotel's public areas are very classy.  The decor is quite nice.  Riding to the 23rd floor Sky Lobby in an elevator with a bench seat brought a smile to my face.Yesterday I came back to the Mandarin Oriental to have breakfast in the MOzen Bistro on the 3rd floor.  Again, all staff were extremely pleasant and helpful.  I also went up to the Sky Lobby to get that wonderful view of this section of the Las Vegas Strip and part of CityCenter.One of these days I'll spend a night here.
5	I stayed here on my last trip to Vegas and LOVED it! They take excellent care of you- VERY good service. The hotel itself is lovely- very quiet and serene in the middle of chaotic Vegas. There is no casino in the hotel (huge plus for me- I hate walking through the casino trying to get to my room). Only hotel guests were allowed in the pool, which was really nice as well. I love to party as much as the next girl, but I'm getting tired of the whole 'pool party' scene, and like to have use of a pool that is quiet. The bar was very cool too and I had one of the best martinis ever. The only downside is the price. It is VERY pricey to stay here, but if you want to spurge it's worth it!
5	OH YES THIS HOTEL is  LA CREME DE LA CREME. If you want service and peace within the wildest city in the west this is the place. You will feel relaxed and pampered here after your long day and night of eating, gambling, exploring, partying, or whatever the reason you are in Las Vegas. Enjoy the added touches of comfort and professionalism.Rooms are spacious, beautifully appointed and quiet. The pool area is rather small, but  beautiful and designed is as if in a water oasis within a city of glass. Be sure to wear sunscreen though, the sun beating against all that glass will accelerate your tan. MO is ultra swanky without making appearances of elitism.Staying here is a reason to visit Las Vegas.
5	The finest hotel I have ever stayed in.  The service, ambiance, food is impeccable.  This holds true for every service department, room service, front desk etc.  This place is worth every penny that you pay extra. Incredible experience.!
5	An escape from from the Las Vegas norm. Loved the rooms and room service. I ordered dessert and samosas for a late night meal.  My samosas came piping hot and they were delish.  I will return for the samosas.
5	NO CASINO = AWESOME. It's a hotel. Yes, just a hotel. I was there for CES and a private meeting. The sky lounge is awesome, and on this particular visit, I partied at the Edge lounge--a lounge hidden behind a corner. It looks like you're walking into a behind the scenes area, and a secret room overlooking the strip north and south holds about 50 patrons. It's a beautiful hotel, tucked in the City Center complex. Top notch service, and one of the finest establishments I've been to in Vegas.
5	**The following is a concise, re-review based on a subsequent visit to this hotel**----The Quick --------Still impressive. Still impeccable service. Still my hotel of choice in all of Las Vegas. ----The Details-------Upon arrival to the Mandarin Oriental, I received a hand-written "welcome back" card by the hotel manager. While I recognize I am one of many returning customers who receive probably the same message, it nonetheless feels good that a hotel chain rewards its returning customers. Consequently, I was told that my room was "upgraded with a good view." I've been traveling long enough to know that you don't get a true upgrade unless you a)paid for it or b) are a celebrity. Unsurprisingly then, I discovered that my room pretty much looked exactly as the previous room I got, but I got a slight view (with some obstruction). Am I complaining though? Absolutely not. Compared to my last visit, this trip allowed me the opportunity to dine the hotel's signature fine dine restaurant, Twist. I will review Twist in its entirety at a later time, but to sum it up quickly, it was a good French/New American fine-dining establishment with gorgeous views of the strip, great service, and creative recipes. So, in all, I again enjoyed my stay at the Mandarin Oriental. I definitely intend to go again.
2	The hotel was nice visually but the  cheap perfumed scent that was sprayed throughout the hotel made my stay miserable.The pillows were hard and uncomfortable even after I ordered feather ones.The breakfast was the worst ever. I had an egg white omlette that tasted like it was baked in the microwaves And it was 17 dollars!Service is good.
5	We had a great experience at the Mandarin Oriental.  It's in a great location in city center.  It is smoke-free and casino-free, but a short walk to both the Aria and the cosmo.  Beautiful design, spacious, modern rooms and impeccable service.  Also, much more reasonable in price than most Mandarin properties.  Will definitely stay again.
5	I like this place...a lot!  At first I wasn't sure how I felt, but after returning to California and reflecting on my time in Vegas, I really developed an appreciation for all that MO had to offer.Professional, clean, and peaceful.  My wife and I loved our entrance to our room.  Curtains automatically opening, music playing....so nice.  Like one of the other Yelpers, my wife and I don't usually take baths at hotels, but we definitely made it a point to get into MO's bathtub.We also ate at MOZen.  Very, very good.  I keep thinking about it.When we go back, MO and Wynn are our preferred Hotels.
4	I give a 4 because of the annoying oriental music playing in the room all the time.  When you leave the room the maids turn it back on.  Not relaxing to me.  I  understand why they do it because this is a spay hotel with an oriental them.  If I turn music off I want it off.  Other than that very nice.  No smoking hotel! And no casino.  Perfect because after speeding day and night in smoking hotels and casinos you need a break.  Of course you can get spay service for $$$$.  Think a few hundred or more. Elevator system to get to room confusing.  They alsoDon't allow you to leave hotel on check out morning without going by main desk.  Elevator would not go down.  Maybe they turn it off at certain hours.  But overall good experience. The Asian fusion bistro is very good.
4	The hotel is beautiful and is such a nice break from the typical loud, smokey Vegas super resort. The only reason I give it four stars is for the Mozen Restaurant. We went twice. The first time we got up and left after 15 minutes because nobody came to take our order. The second time we were able tom place an order after nearly 30 minutes, but then it took nearly an hour for our lunch. There was only one other table occupied. After $250 for three people, we finished at 2pm (arriving at noon).Everything else was 5star, but SKIP the third floor restaurant.
5	I took my wife here for a surprise birthday getaway, and selected this place entirely based on Yelp reviews. Man, did I score. As hotels go it doesn't get much better than this, at least not in this lifetime. It certainly helps that this place is new and has opted for subtle elegance rather than the gaudiness that characterizes so much of Vegas. I love that you don't have to walk out of the place through a casino. The level of service we received was exceptional. For the trip to the airport we were picked up by one of the house Mercedes Benz wagons. Our driver Mongo couldn't have been more helpful. On arrival hotel staff greeted us at the door and (!) walked us up to our room and personally checked that everything was in order and educated on the fantastic multimedia controls that work on everything from the curtains in the room to the 'alarm clock' (which gently opens the curtains at the time you select, a nice touch), to viewing and managing your bill from the TV.In terms of location this place is in exactly the right spot, between the Aria and New York. And on the New York side there is a Wallgreens with anything you need (but alas, at LVNY strip prices).I didn't partake of the on-site restaurants but my wife did and raved about everything, from the pork-belly skewers in the bar to the fresh squeezed watermelon juice at breakfast.Other folks have complained about having to go up to the 23rd floor to check in and then every time you go from your room to the outside, but it's because the architects obviously had security in mind when the place was designed. I for one am happy for an extra layer of insulation level separating us from the seediness that is the Las Vegas strip.
4	I'm going to rate this with 4 stars just because it's not directly in the Vegas strip but close enough. But overall, for the hotel I will give it 5 stars! I would say this hotel is for the grown and sexy lol! I loved the cultural aspect that the hotel is based upon and sticks to that aspect from point A to Z. Love, love the bathroom and the tub I'm speechless. Every need was met and grated. The tea room was nice and the setting was comfortable and smoothing. Only feel complaint was the szechwan chicken wasn't hot enough for me lol! I'm writing this review while still here, because it's Vegas dahhlings!
5	I stayed at this hotel during a busy weekend in Vegas.  However, the moment that you walked into the hotel, the entire Vegas vibe is gone.  Instead, it gives you very soothing and calm feeling.  The lobby is located at 23rd floor (Sky lobby) and the guest rooms are actually located between 4th to 22nd floors, where 7th & 8th floors are actually spa/pool/gym use so the room numbers are limited.  The decoration are not Vegas fancy, but definitely tastefully decorated and its very modern elegant with the hint of Asian tone in it.  From the moment you walked in, everyone that I encountered was very , very friendly and eager to please.  I loved the fact they placed a very comfortable couch inside elevator. If you happened to be there, make sure to try it out.The room that I stayed at was the cityscape room on the 22nd floor.  The room itself is very nice. A huge walkin closet, separate bath tub/ shower and nice work space table and a very, very comfortable couch.  The bed and linens were top quality.  Its so smooth that you actually feel like a second layer of skin on you and their mattress guarantee a good night sleep. Housekeeping also did an excellent job maintaining their room.  Most things in the room are controllable from the touch panel located next to bed.  From curtains, lighting, TV channel and room temperatures.  However, I can feel their AC is weak for Las Vegas weather and it will become a problem during summer time when Vegas hit 100Fs.  Shower is a bit difficult to get used to it for the first timer but once you get used to it, its no problem.  However, the biggest issue with this room is the lack of privacy between bathroom and bedroom.  The glass on the walkaway between bathroom and bedroom are transparent, and there is nothing to block it at all. It will be an issue if staying at this room with friends or family.I also dislike their swimming pool.  It was very small and uninteresting design.  Comparing to other hotel pools in Vegas, this is like your average apartment style swimming pool without the heated function during the non summer time.  The biggest pet peeve for this property is their food & beverage department.  Its not just average, it was quite bad for the hotel at this caliber.  I tried their breakfast at Mozen, Horrible.  Overcooked steak, undercooked salmon (bento box) and the fruits were not even ripen.  I wish I could've return the food entirely but I did not do so.  Their afternoon tea at Mandarin Tea Lounge was very average at best too.  Dry sandwiches with ultra sweet cakes & pastries.  However this does not affect the overall rating since I am rating based on the hotel itself.  If you ever get to stay at this hotel, make sure to check out their Spa.  Its definitely worth paying the top amount money to use the facilities.  JP in the Men section was the best spa attendant I have ever seem in years.
5	This hotel has the nicest atmosphere on strip! Without having a casino in the hotel, the lobby is all Zen-feel with romantic tulips and elegant decorations. The moment you walked in, the very unique& pleasant fragrance calms you down in a second.The doormen are super sweet, they are all gentlemen with descent look uniform. The room has yoga mat. The jewelry box looks just beautiful. The chair in the elevator has nice dragon silk mat on top,  so you can even rest comfortably in the elevator. The bathroom kits and bath salt are all exclusively made with relaxing essence oils, they smell so good & make you all happy for no reason.
4	My Stay at mandarin was nothing short of amazing. I Got my room through a website and an excellent price so i have to say it's a very affordable hotel. i did also purchase the cheapest room and although they made it sound like i wouldn't have any view, i had a great view of the strip even though i was only on the 6th floor. my room was amazing too. very up to date. upon entry the curtains open to show you the wonderful view i'm sure your room will have. there's a small hall where the closet and floor length mirror are. there's a valet closet which allows workers to place items you requested into it without bothering you. there's 2 robes provided and the usual iron and ironing table but they also have a drawer you can place your shoes in to get it polished. next came the restroom which was where i practically lived because of the bath tub. it's a standalone deep soaking tub. for my room i got rubbing salt, loofah, and LET THEM TURN DOWN YOUR ROOM. they make it so nice and relaxing with the rose petal water. they also provide a makeup box for us girls, a blow dryer with various attachments (yes you curley haired girls are covered) and even a straightener. there's a separate shower and toilet of course. and while your soaking, you can enjoy the lovely little tv in the wall with your water proof remote. there are sliding doors in case your sharing this room with just a friend. i got a king bed. there's also a central control next to the bed where you can control the curtains, lights, music, etc. The room has various teas that are free in the cupboard but the minibar and snacks are of course pricey. one thing that was really different was that the room has a yoga mat and yoga dvd's. i have no idea if it's free but you can do yoga in your room i guess. other things to keep in mind are that the madarin oriental is a hotel only! there's no casino but if you're here on strictly vacation and you dont gamble much this is the perfect place for you. it's very quiet too. the reason i gave them 4 stars and not 5 is because upon check in they didn't have the room ready till about 515pm while our check in time was at 4. they did give us complimentary round of drinks which was where i tried the golden mandarin i think it's called? it's their signiture martini which you should TOTALLY try. the lay out of the hotel is also kind of odd since you take 1 elevator to go from the ground level lobby to the actual check in lobby that's on  the 23rd floor. then you have to take another elevator to go your room. my last complaint was that their fees are a little steep although pretty understandable since their service is excellent.
5	Stayed at the MOLV recently with my wife and daughter during her spring break from school.  Since this was their first trip to Vegas I wanted to make it a memorable one, and we arrived with high expectations for a comfortable stay and outstanding service.Let's just say our expectations were exceeded...far exceeded!First of all, I really like the fact that there is no casino here, and the stench of cigarettes that goes along with it.  I also like staying at a hotel where you can get from your room to the front door within two minutes.  The elevators at this hotel are lightning quick, and I can't recall waiting for more than 5 seconds for an elevator the entire week!The rooms are every bit as clean and neat as you would expect, and the dual-jet shower was soothing after a day driving out to Hoover Dam and Lake Mead.As good as the lobby, elevators and rooms are, the best part of this hotel is the service.  The doormen were extremely friendly, helpful and professional (especially Glenn, but only because he's from New Jersey).  Everyone in the lobby and front desk were very gracious and helpful. I won't share some of the things the staff did for us, but if you've stayed here you'll know what I'm talking about.  If you ever want to experience true "world-class" service, you owe it to yourself to stay at this hotel.  It's a sure bet you'll leave feeling like a winner!
4	Occasion: Drinks with Rich What I Had: Blue Moon ($8) Drink Review: Blue Moon's a Blue Moon's a Blue Moon! But this was definitely my first time having a Blue Moon in a tall glass with an orange slice. Service Review: Good service. We were originally scanning for a table and couldn't find one, but one of the servers helped us find a seat with a gorgeous view. Venue Review: This is where the great majority of the 4 stars comes from. This was my first time hanging out at a venue in Vegas (that wasn't a hotel room) that was more than 10 floors from the ground. The Mandarin Oriental Bar is located on the 23rd floor of the hotel and has an absolutely stunning view of the strip. You can see Paris, the Eiffel Tower, Planet Hollywood, the MGM Grand, MGM Signature Suites, Bellagio, all of it all from this bar.  Overall Impression: I'm a sucker for good views. The view of Downtown LA is what sold me on our apartment, and it's no different with the bar at Mandarin Oriental.
3	After staying at the Mandarin Oriental in Tokyo and Bangkok I gotta say this was a huge letdown.  One of the great things about MOs worldwide is that they are pretty flawless when it comes to service but the Las Vegas outpost is clearly slacking (like all multinational brands in vegas, the quality is just generally lower).I have tried two rooms here - the Mandarin Suite and a standard Strip view room.  The Mandarin suite was nice but the main stereo system didn't have an iPod dock. They sent up an engineer to figure it out and he was unable to do so.  Maybe this seems a bit trifling, but for 15k a night I would expect that they could cover a basic amenity like an iphone plugin... we were forced to listen to a frank sinatra CD on repeat.  In general I was surprised  at how unaccommodating the staff was, particularly given we were staying at the most lavish room they had... The standard strip view rooms also have my biggest pet peeves in hotel rooms: Bathrooms with giant windows into the main bedroom.  I HATE THAT. It is literally impossible to have any privacy if you are staying with someone - you can see directly into the shower AND the toilet and there is no way to obfuscate the view.The food quality (Room Service, Poolside, and the MOzen resto) was generally pretty meh too.  Service was slow and inattentive at just about every facility - the front desk, the pool, the bellmen... I felt like I had to flag down people just to get them to do basic things.Not everything was negative, though - 1) The pool is a welcome respite from the Las Vegas scene - generally not very crowded, no music blaring, no kids, no tatted-up bros.2) No casino.  its awesome to just walk into a hotel and not have to navigate a maze of slot machines and rednecks.3) The lobby bar - incredible views and good drinks.My rec: stay here if you are alone on business - easy in and out and tranquil setting.  If you want a lavish vegas experience, the Wynn/Encore are still the hotel to beat in my view.
4	Gorgeous rooms and removed from the strip while being on the strip.  Perfect.Pool cabanas are decent, but a big claustrophobic tucked into an upper level surrounded by walls and hotel.Staff is incredibly accommodating, though the bar prices are excessive, even for Vegas.
5	After reading reviews about the not so private bathroom, I was a tad worried about our stay. In house reservations indicated they would offer a refund if we were not comfortable upon arrival.  However, I will clarify the level of privacy for anyone concerned.  This is a review for the hotel only. We did not eat at Twist or the other restaurants inside the Mandarin.My boyfriend and I arrived on what would be a sold out weekend in Las Vegas due to some boxing event at the MGM Grand. We arrived on a Friday night, pulling up to several attendants that were extremely professional and friendly.      * NOTE - they even have an auto detailing service ** Within a minute, we were directed to the elevator that would take us to the 23rd floor. The lower lobby was laced with Orchids, the parking area draped with bamboo. In the elevator, the "velvet bench" was always vacuumed and clean. There was  "Spa Zen-like music" throughout. It was nice to have the door open and not smell of typical smoke or hear the clanging of Slots.. Though The Wheel of Fortune was a hit but that's another story in another hotel. You look past the reception/check-in area and will be immediately captured by the incredible view of the strip. Henry checked us in at the front desk and kindly reminded me that I should have left my keys with valet. I immediately turned to take them down but the parking attendant was already behind me. I will say Henry was incredible! He went over the floor plan of the hotel, spa services, poolside information and directed us to the elevators down to our room.  5 Star service and as an added bonus, he's a great photographer.Our room was spacious and clean. The theme throughout was warm and inviting. An over-sized wardrobe area with Valet Service was at the entry. Down the hall is the large soaking tub and vanity area encased in lightly frosted glass. What they don't say is the shower and toilet rooms are behind doors so you do have privacy. The main bathroom has exterior wood sliders for those that are in need of major privacy. The shower was lush with dual shower heads and enough high pressure water to put you in a state of relaxation.The view from our room displayed the typical chaos of Las Vegas, high flash, cigarette smoke, over weight girls wearing their "Snookie" dresses way too short, and the guys who handed out strip club flyers on the corner; without the actual exposure to  the noisy downsides of Las Vegas.  The bed was comfortable and the duvet was goose down. Everything says high end with this hotel. Don't look for the ice machine as housekeeping not only brings you the ice but they bring complimentary water as well.  We didn't have the opportunity to take advantage of the turn down service but it was offered nightly.One evening, we decided to leave the car and take a cab to meet friends. The infamous doorman previously discussed in a Yelp post was standing curb side waiting to order a cab for us. When I told him that the compliments about him were true, he blushed. Very kind, professional and takes his job to heart  "Glenn" had the hotel driver (Beautiful Mercedes) take us to meet our friends. That's where we met Michael. If you've used any hotel driver or service, they are the ones to really take care of you next to your doormen. They know the best restaurants in town. Michael was very friendly and made us feel special in our drive to Hooters. Yes, but it wasn't our pick location to meet our friends. He even suggested that he wait out front . We thanked him and went into Hooters looking for our friends, hoping not to find them so I could run back to our peaceful serenity of a hotel.If you should travel during the warmer months, the pool on the 8th floor is a must. Overstuffed lounge chairs and soft towels accompany frozen fruit and grapes provided by the friendly staff. They even offer water, lotion and Aloe for those who "over tan".  We ordered lunch and drinks which were not our favorite but it did not take away from the appeal of our time there. The pool is 4' deep and simple in design. It offers the look of an infinity pool and is not overly heated for those hot summer days. Cabanas are stocked and can be rented on an hourly or daily basis. Overall this would be the only reason for me to return to Las Vegas from Orange County, CA. We stayed on a $$$$ weekend night but noticed the rates during the weekday were 1/3 of what we paid. Being the case, you would get beyond what you paid for if you stayed there during the week. A very special hotel that left a huge impression and a great memory for me on a fabulous weekend.
4	Mandarian Oriental was a lovely experience. I'm aware that some people actually live in this building and I swear if you stayed there and didn't look out your window. You would feel like you were at home. When they say they concentrate on customer service, they mean business. Everyone there was attentive and smiley. Checking it was a breeze and they offer warm towels to welcome you in. On top of that , they actually take the time to walk you to the elevator on your first visit. It's a simple yet very kind gesture. Free tea and coffee are available for you( only earlier in the morning though) and sometimes they have a server go to your room to ask if you'd like any cocktails. Not a huge fan of this though. If I needed cocktails /room service I would probably just call for it. but thanks anyways!The pool is a medium size area where you will certainly get a ton of sun. Not just because you're in the desert but because neighboring buildings tend to reflect the heat even more. Quick fix if you can't take the heat? slip into the pool that is never too cold or too hot.My experience here has been great. However, the price is pretty high so look out for deals because we got a great deal on travel zoo which was around $150 instead of their high average rate. On another good note, where else on the strip do you find workers there that say, "welcome home" before you walk back into the building?
5	Impeccable is how I'd describe the property, staff, and service. An absolute delight, would definitely stay there again!
5	This is the only hotel we'll stay at in Vegas.  Compared to Bellagio, this is far and away better.- Minibar is normal, Bellagio charges you if anything moves at all- Wifi is included (with resort fee), Bellagio charges resort fee AND a daily internet fee PLUS a fee to use the network cable (no wireless)- Pool is actually open, Bellagio closes it early to get you in the casino.  Mandarin Oriental actually has pool attendants who try to make you happy.- Workout rooms are free AND classes are free.  Bellagio charges for workouts.- You do have to go up two elevators to get to your room.  To me, the time is shorter than the time you take walking through Bellagio's casino to get to your room.- Mandarin Oriental is truly nonsmoking, Bellagio is smoking everywhere, even in nonsmoking rooms.- Mandarin Oriental concierges actually know something, Bellagio concierges couldn't tell us where a lingerie store was (for real).- Rooms are luxurious, wide screen TV's.- Nearest casino is Aria, which has the best ventilation and almost seems smoke free.  Nearest casino in Bellagio is Bellagio, which is unbearably smoky.- Mandarin Oriental restaurants are truly smoke free.  I saw  the smoking ban unenforced at Sensi (Bellagio).  Yellowtail (Bellagio) is right in the casino and smoky; Le Cirque (Belagio) is smoky until they close the doors late at nightA few examples of the attention to detail at  MOLAS:- Our elevator key wasn't working so well.  A manager noticed it, and had a new key sent to our room within the hour.- Hostess at MoZen restaurant will always smile and wave at you as you walk by- even if you *never* eat at the restaurant.- While you sit by the pool, they'll bring by frozen grapes or watermelon or stuff like that.- Pool has sunblock available.- rooms have yoga mats (!).  Rooms have those magnifying mirrors.- Of the 50 or so staff we interacted with, we did not encounter anybody who did NOT smile at us.Best for: nonsmokers enjoying Vegas overall (not just gambling)worst for: budget vacationers who smoke and want to roll out of bed into the Casino.
5	My boyfriend met me and my family in Las Vegas.  My parent's own a time share at the (read sarcasm) super swanky Tahiti Village.  I wanted one night in Las Vegas to be amazing for me and my boyfriend.  I started out looking for hotel names I recognized there, then started talking to some folks.  Then reading on-line reviews.  We aren't Las Vegas people, we don't gamble, drink all night or any of the normal Las Vegas activities.  So that's what I searched for and I decided on the Mandarin Oriental.The Mandarin Oriental was perfect for us.  You enter the building at street level, it's quiet and understated.  You take the elevator to the 23rd floor to check in.  Everyone on staff we encountered was amazing, everyone.  The bellman, the woman checking us in, the concierge whose name is escaping me deserves special recognition.  (she is blond).The room was amazing, clean and beautiful.  The pool area was sheer heaven.  My only adjustment on that were there were some "lovely" ladies in a cabana who were subjecting everyone else to their crappy music taste.Here is our conversation with the concierge:Hi, we want to have dinner shortly, don't have reservations, don't want to dress up more than we are, we are from San Francisco so we are snobby about food, but we don't want to pay an arm and a leg.  Holy cow did she nail us.  She found us the perfect restaurant within walking distance, and gave us a few others to try for our visit.  Told us about secret pizza.  She was absolutely amazing and totally got her clientele.When I go back to Las Vegas, we will definitely be there again.
4	My girlfriend and I stayed here over Memorial Day weekend. This is one of the nicer hotel on the strip, but still doesn't compare to other MO's locations. With that being said, this place is a sanctuary from the other mega-resorts over the LV strip. We stayed in a Strip View suite. This was a very nice room, I liked the separate living room. The room, and the entire floor, was pin drop quiet. You don't need to worry about drunk 21 year old's screaming out of your door at 4 am. Housekeeping was also impeccable and turn down service was great. I also liked that the MO had no casino. This helped keep the riff-raff out of the hotel. Its also non smoking facility, which is great.Besides that, the pool is iffy. The pool, located on the 8th floor, can get really windy. When this happens, they let guests use the Aria pool, which is a completely different atmosphere entirely.  We ended up having to use the Aria pool two times due to windy conditions. The MO pool is much more relaxing, but we had no choice at that point.The MO is a great choice on the strip. Its close to everything, without feeling like a mega-resort. If you want to relax and gambling / getting drunk aren't your first priority, stay here.
4	Hit the tea room to revamp and revive - love the selection and view from the top.
5	THE BEST HOTEL I HAVE EVER STAYED AT. Everyone was so nice - the service was impeccable! Here's just one example: we asked the valet guys downstairs if they could call us a cab to go to the MGM. Instead, they said, "why not arrive in style?" and drove us there themselves in a fancy Mercedes. The restaurants were amazing - we ate at Mozen every single day! There wasn't a single disappointing thing on the menu. And dont even get me started about the six course tasting menu at Twist! The food was simply exquisite!The pool was great - it's super quiet. We went a couple of times and there weren't a whole lot of people around, which we loved. I hate the pools at some of the other hotels like MGM, where you can't even find a place to dip your feet in because it's so crowded. The rooms were fantastic!  The beds were super luxurious and comfortable. My husband and I slept better there than in our own bed at home. The one thing I loved about it was the privacy - it's hard to find your way into the hotel if you're not actually staying there. So it keeps all of the drunk riff-raffs out. Plus, you don't have to worry about drunk people screaming down the hall ways at night. We didn't see a single person in our hall way the entire three nights we were there. This is the only hotel I want to stay at when I'm in Vegas!
4	Had to do the yearly Vegas trip, so searched Yelp for the best reviewed upscale hotel on the strip. Thus, we choose the Mandarin.First the Con's (so I can end on a positive note!)* I had requested my wife (arriving a day earlier than I) be picked up by a S550 benz and met at the valet to be taken to her room directly. A Service they market quite a buit. Well, I made resevations a week in advance, called a day prior to confirm and yet it still didnt happen. They did pick up her in a Caddy and she had to do the whole check in desk deal. After I called the manager on duty, his response was pretty much "oh well" in his tone. granted after we spoke he did not charge me for the service (a fee which I was fine with), it was still the principal too me. Actually meant more to me that to my wife. I just like her taken care of when traveling alone.* Pool staff is pretty average. Sat there for an hour before a wait staff came buy.* Seems like the staff all think service is based on how many times they can call you sir in one conversation. I dont need the sir, just plain old good service will do.* The Sky bar is quite nice, but they should let the folks staying there have priority on tables and seats. Seem like alot of the folks there, were not staying there. * Mosen staff is horrible, takes for ever to get service. The pro's* Great location - close to the strip, Crystals, Cosmo, yet enough off the street your not in the rat race of the strip.* Rooms are very clean and nice.* Sky Bar is great and a nice start or end to a night on the town.* Pool is fun, not some frat party, but a nice crowd, fun, but not a party pool. * They have REAL Jun Kaneko pieces in the lobby!!!* The concept of a quite, non gaming, upscale hotel on the strip is a winner. So nice being able to retire to a upscale non frat partier crowd* Valet guys are great and nice. Always helpful.While I was quite hopeful to be blown away due to all the raving reviews of this place on Yelp, It failed me. I do like it and will stay there again. But, simply dont see the prefect service that many here commented on. Seems to be a lot of over blown hype, nice but not the end all of high end hotels in my opinion.
4	The hostesses can be snooty and they like to watch you wait for a table although you can clearly see there are plenty of tables.Skip the table pomp and circumstance and just go to the bar, where the sweet bartenders will wait on you hand and foot while you take in one of the most stunning views in Vegas.  The view is one reason to go, the other is to escape all the "Vegas" type bars.  Hit this place on a night with live jazz and you will get a film noir, NYC vibe.
5	What a beautiful hotel the Mandarin Oriental Las Vegas is.I am extremely picky when it comes to hotels.  You'd be hard pressed to find one that I wasn't extremely disgusted with from the very start, but the Mandarin definitely didn't make me cringe at all for the entire trip.  I'm sure it doesn't hurt that it's only a few years old.Clean, pristine, immaculately maintained.  From the moment you walk in, you immediately feel the luxury of this hotel.The check in desk has an amazing view from Las Vegas as it is 20 some odd floors up.  Nice touch.  Amazing service.  Our nice check in lady walked us to the elevator personally.  Absolutely unnecessary, but it's all in the details.The pool is great if you want to get away from the typical Vegas pool party scene.  An older crowd, some with children, but still a nice, relaxing pool to get away from the hustle and bustle of it all.Exceptional rooms.  The finest details in all aspects of it.  The king bed rooms are definitely for couples as half the bathroom wall is made of glass and you can only cover up some of it.  Platonic friends beware.  But hey, it might lead to something exciting.Had a stupendous experience here.  They are even reasonably priced!  Even cheaper than some surrounding hotels that aren't half as nice.
5	As I completed my promenade through each part this immaculate hotel, all I could continuously muster in the form of mumbles was "wow." Every minuscule detail is executed with sheer perfection...and that's an understatement.My parents stayed here for their anniversary trip and switched from the Bellagio to the Mandarin on the day I had to fly home. I was lucky enough to get to explore the property and see each relevant floor and the actual room. This is a truly 5-star resort and it's hard to elaborate on each beautiful, well-thought out facet without you actually seeing it yourself. The elevator takes you to the 23rd floor where you emerge to some of the most gorgeous interior designing I've laid my eyes upon..ever. This is where the "tea lounge" is located with service from 2-5 (for a price). This is also where the check-in desk is located. There is another set of elevators just down the hall that are exclusive to guests only.We stopped by the pool area and it was everything you would expect: two, separate leveled infinity-edge pools, dozens of lounge chairs with plush cushions, and cabana "hut" type of buildings with TVs and more amenities. There is also a cafe to dine at on this level and the fare looked deliciously Caribbean in style. We also peeked in the spa and, while we didn't get a tour, the check-in desk and surrounding areas were extremely welcoming and pretty. The women attendants were also friendly and made sure we received the spa menus when we requested them. And, last but not least, the room. Even though it isn't massive in size, it is still extremely well done. THIS IS THE MOST COMFORTABLE BED I HAVE EVER LAID IN. No joke. I would seriously consider attempting to purchase this exact same set-up for my own home. I might as well have been laying on a cloud. HUGE closet. Even bigger bathroom and vanity area. Separate room with toilet. The room is all remotely controlled (lights, blinds, tv, air, etc) from an iPad-like device. If you have stayed at Aria, this is the exact same thing. There is a "cubby hole" type of deposit by the front door where your newspapers, complimentary shined shoes, or any other items are dropped off (secure and locked from the outside, easy to retrieve once inside the room). The service at the Mandarin Oriental is unlike any other. I truly felt like I was at home-- and I wasn't even the one staying here! If you can snag a deal (AKA buy two nights, get one free) then definitely book some time in this hotel. I promise that you won't regret it.
5	Wow.I've had the pleasure and luxury of staying here thanks to my company. I've never heard of this hotel before so I wasn't sure what to expect. Upon entering, you're greeted and directed to the elevator to the 23rd floor where the front desk is actually located. This makes for a nice private entry away from bustling traffic.. however you wouldn't experience that if it was on the 1st floor because the entry is enclosed as well.I arrived at 12pm which is way before check-in time (3pm) and was offered complimentary cold towels to freshen up. The hostess also showed me to the spa/fitness center/pool (located on the 8th floor) while our room was being prepared. By 12:20pm, the hostess called me on my cell phone to let me know our room was ready. (So quick!)The room... As soon as you walk in, the curtains open automatically and the lights turn on. I walked to the TV and noticed my name was in the top left corner! I was surprised at how they really personalized the trip for me. The ice bucket was already filled with ice (and no it was not left over from the previous stay). The bellman even took the time to show us all the switches/bells/whistles and how the valet service works.Mandarin Oriental and staff have done a great job in spoiling me.. and it'll be hard expecting anything less at other hotels in Las Vegas.Twist by Pierre is awesome too!
5	I cant say enough about the MOLV, from the outstanding service to the spotless rooms to the classy anti Vegas decor this place is perfect for escaping the strip without leaving the strip.I highly rec commend this property for your next Vegas stay.
5	First time staying at the Mandarin and it is, by far, the nicest hotel on the strip (except maybe the crazy priced rooms in other hotels). I mean, they clean your room twice a day! I wasn't expecting them the second time, so I left a mess with all my makeup/hair stuff in the bathroom. I come back in after they cleaned the second time and they organized all my stuff on the bathroom counter! (and it was all still there, yay!). I mean service is just over the top.Went with the boyfriend for three nights. Upgraded to a suite for an extra $150/night and it was worth it. I got a view of the strip and wasn't disappointed. The room was immaculate, love the styling, everything was so clean and polished, superb. The ONLY down side was that our room had a bathroom with only fogged out glass. So if you are staying with someone you aren't extremely comfortable with, that might be a little awkward. I mean I'm comfortable w/ my bf, but it's strange they didn't include soundproofing/ventilation in a closed-off bathroom.The service people from the front desk to the guy who holds the door open for you at the pool were outstanding, professional, and over-the-top friendly. Boyfriend and I got room service. I loved their homemade yogurt and fruit, he got some huge breakfast that he seemed to really enjoy too. I believe it to almost be worth the extra cost of room service!  Spent one day at the pool, service was excellent and they make a good drink ;) The pool area was fairly small, but there were enough seats for everyone when we were there (weekend/100+ degrees). It doesn't have a casino and is very quiet. If you go to Vegas looking for a cheap room and a crazy party, this isn't the hotel for you. My boyfriend and I are young (20s) and we saw some other young people there too. But the clientele do seem older, professional, and classy compared to um...other parts of Vegas. That being said, would definitely stay here again!
4	An elegant seat in the elevator?! Wow! This was my first indication this hotel was special.Lil cuz and I were wandering the strip in the wee hours and after being wowed @ the Cosmopolitan, we decided to visit the Mandarin Oriental. It was a little tricky to find the entrance... a plus, I decided, if you wanted to get away from the hustle and bustle and keep the huge crowds out.We entered the lobby in the first floor and admired the beautiful couches and vases... very elegant. Seeing not much else to do, we decided to take a ride up the elevator. It only went up to certain places... another plus - nice and private! Upon entering the elevator, we spied the seat and looked at each other in awe (we don't get out much.) After the most comfie elevator ride ever, we went to the place that holds the MOzen tea room. We cruised down the hallway... more gorgeous oriental decoration in the form of lovely frames and vases. This place is seriously like walking through a museum... very beautiful. We slipped into the bathroom before venturing further... wow! The view in the frikkin bathroom is spectacular! There were washcloths artfully piled by the cool, artsy sink. Most luxurious bathroom I've been to, definitely... made my b-room @ the Flamingo look crappy (sorry!) and so sub-par, hehe. We popped into the elevator again and went into the only other floor we could visit w/o a key. I guess this was the place w/ the conference rooms. The ceiling was full of brilliant bubbles of light! It was gorgeous and my lil cuz took a bunch of pics.Now, for all the beautiful-ness (sp?), I have to agree w/ my cuz... it was kind of eerie! There was very soft Asian classical music playing in the background, and not a soul in sight. I almost felt like I was in one of those Japanese horror movies and the lady with the long black hair was going to follow me into the elevator. I could tell my cousin was a little scared too, so of course, I hid in the computer room and only came out when her voice calling my name started getting frantic. :D Ah, family.I still would totally love to stay here one day! I can't wait to see what the rooms are like... I guess I would just have to sprint down the halls and go straight to my room at night, or stay w/ a big, strong dude to feel safe. :P
5	Stay at the Mandarin Oriental in City Center!!!!!!Great location, good value for the price, hotel staff made us feel like we owned the building -- It felt like a private residence rather than a hotel. TWIST restaurant was AWESOME!!!
5	Just got back from a weekend at the hotel and it is the only place I will ever stay in Vegas. There is no casino and drunken people to walk by and the pool is relaxing (think opposite of Tao Beach). If you are looking for a classy place to stay, stay here. If you are looking for a party atmopshere, go somewhere else. On a separate note, Marie and another nice gentleman at the front desk (can't believe his name is slipping me) were amazing to work with. Great Staff!
5	Incredible.  The room was gorgeous and clean and had everything we needed.  The service from check in to check out was perfect.  And they have a Ferrari waiting out front in case you want to rent it for a few hours :)  Be prepared to pay though - $1,600 for 4 hours.  It's really nice to be able to come back to a nice quiet hotel after being in casinos all night.  Very relaxing.  Don't forget to spend a day in the spa!
5	Quite simply: my new favorite hotel in Las Vegas. Amazing pool, top notch service, a gorgeous 23rd floor bar with views of the strip, and walking distance to Aria and Crystals (shopping). The room = BEAUTIFUL.
5	I knew we were at a 5 star hotel when we drove up to the entrance and the valet made sure all four doors of our car were opened at the same time. The valet (Glen) then came back to us, after we left our car, with four ice cold bottled waters on a silver tray. WOW.When we checked in, the very professional and well trained front desk attendant asked me if we had ever stayed at the Mandarin before. When I told her it was our first time-she stopped what she was doing, looked me in the eye and said "Welcome-you will never want to stay anywhere else in Las Vegas again."  WOW. She was correct. The standard rooms are larger and beautiful. When we entered I noticed a large glass plate on the main desk. On it was a welcome note written in chocolate to my two sons with a cupcake for each. WOW.  Even though the rooms are stocked, a housekeeping supervisor comes to your room soon after check in to see if you want any extra towels, shampoo, etc. WOW.Your rooms are cleaned twice a day. WOW. If you need shoes shinned or a suit pressed, you just place them in an area within the wall next to the doorway. They are then pickup up from the outside and delivered back to your room later. WOW.If you call for anything within the hotel (room service, valet, etc) that hotel employee will ask you (I mean really ask you and listen for an answer) if they can call any other department within the hotel for you and help you with anything else. WOW.The hotel has no casino (there are plenty nearby) and that made it so much easier and pleasant entering and exiting with our two young boys.The bottom line is there is no other hotel in Vagas I have ever stayed at (and I have stayed in many) that offer this type of service and quality. The employee training and standards here are like no other hotel. I observed the staff often and I noticed  every guest was treated with the same respect and professionalism.All I have to say is-WOW.
5	I am a bit of a Las Vegas pro.  In the last ten years I have stayed at fourteen Vegas properties, ranging from the standard (Luxor, MGM, NY/NY) to the upper end (Venetian, Wynn/Encore) to the elite (Four Seasons).  Mandarin Oriental tops them all.  What a phenomenal hotel experience. The staff are all polite and come to you to see how they can help.  There is no wandering about looking for assistance.  There is no calling around or transferring for help on the phone.  There is no confusion about how things should be handled.  No one ever has that confused look on their face when you ask a question.  Really an elite staff.The rooms are clean, well organized, comfortable, elegant, sexy and, since it isn't a gaming property, relaxing.  There are no morons in bermuda shorts drinking processed daquiris in a plastic guitar.  There are no drunk idiots in Afflication t-shirts muscling about the pool trying to pick up south California tramps exposing their unflattering posteriors about the pool.  The pool was comfortable and every 15 minutes we were asked if we needed anything and offered complimentary water to stay hydrated.Oh yes, I said that. Complimentary water is everywhere at the MO.  The rooms also come with a kettle and tea.  The bathrooms were well designed and exactly what I'd like my home bathroom to look like.  The housekeeping staff did an exceptional job each time they cleaned our room (tipping helps).I have no reason to stay elsewhere, and neither will you once you spend a summer weekend at the Mandarin Oriental - Las Vegas.
5	Unbelievable.  Most awesome hotel I've ever stayed at.  Everything is immaculate and tastefully done.  Stayed in one of the corner suites and the 270 degree view is amazing.  The service here is unparalleled and everyone really goes above and beyond to make sure you enjoy your stay.  House car has newspapers and magazines and bottled water prepared nicely for you.  Not sure how far it drives out, but at least anywhere on the strip.I don't usually take baths, but when I do, I prefer this humongous bathroom with an awesome view.  and maybe some of their bath salts.
5	It is a totally different Vegas experience to stay at the Mandarin Oriental.  We booked a strip view room for three nights.Pros:- Its the Mandarin Oriental!- Beautiful rooms with everything you need...we could have lived in our room for about 2 months- Nice location on the Strip- The most comfortable bed I've ever slept in- Huge bathroom and bathtub with everything you need- A simple, personal check-in process - Amazing, relaxing pool with attendants constantly around if you need anything- Beautiful views from the room, the 23rd floor lobby and restaurants- Personalized, attentive service from every employee you encounterCons:- Old, ratty bathroom towels- Part of the fun of Vegas is the action in the lobby/casino - there's no action anywhere here but it is far more relaxing than any other Vegas hotel- Taking 2 different elevators to get to your room - for an elevator-phobe like myself it was a rough weekendI love love love beautiful and fancy hotels where you're waited on. I also love love love Vegas. It is a different experience to combine those two things, but we loved it.
4	Great hotel with amazing food. My only complaint is that the coffee from the coffee bar was crap made from pods, not fresh ground coffee. And without coffee, I cannot function.
3	Oh how I wish I could give Mandarin more than 3 stars....   The staff are superb, from top to bottom and the amenities are top notch.   Limo service to/from the airport is flawless, check in a breeze.  And, love the room welcome..... you open your door and it comes to life.   All lights come on and the window shades and curtain automatically open to provide your fabulous view of the city.  Then you realize you have a separate dressing area with built-in closet, drawers and safe in it's own hallway with a granite table top.   Next..... is the bathroom.  OMG.   Huge, deep, 6 ft soaking tub with bath salts and all the jams and jellies required to have a luxurious and relaxing afternoon soaking while watching the built-in TV in the mirror.   Separate shower, toilet, and double sinks are located in rooms of oriental design with sexy ribbed glass enclosures.   The bedroom itself is very roomy with huge built-in flatscreen, desk & chair, couch, table and ottoman, and the bed is very comfortable.   But, most important, everything is electronic - all lights, drapes, shades, privacy settings, temperature control, maid service - everything - so at any time of the day or night you can close yourself off to the world and sleep as if it's the middle of the night - something you'll definitely need with those late nights in Vegas.   And the spa..... known as one of the most luxurious in Vegas, it delivered!   We enjoyed a long, scrumptious massage and facial as well as all the spa amenities - heated spa/pool, steam room, multi-setting and lighted showers, ergonomically designed, warmed & lighted relaxing chairs, lounges, make-up area...... and the list just goes on and on.  In fact, I caught an up close view of Holly Madison as we both left the spa.   And, there's the superb Mandarin Bar with to-die-for views of the city to enjoy, as well as the excellent Bento Box at MoZen.  So, I know you're dying....... why only 3 stars???  Well, it's a matter of the air conditioning not working while 100+ outside and the option to make it better (not really) was to provide us with a free-standing, plug-in fan placed in the room.  The first fan was broken and we were told another would be brought promptly.  After an hour or so in our sweat bath room, I called to check on it and was told it was on its way.  It arrived immediately; however, it had just been assembled.  The porter had to go out and purchase one, put it together and then deliver.  Even with our shades and drapes continuously closed during our entire 5 day stay, the  room was HOT.  It would not cool down to 68 until 3 or 4 AM and went right back to HOT when the sun came up.  Then, there was the billing.   There are many extra charges that are not disclosed at the time of booking or when you check in.  My recommendation - don't purchase a room with bed and breakfast.  Essentially, you will just receive a $28 credit each day for breakfast - which you are not told - and breakfast on average can cost you $70 to $100 per day.  Everything is VERY expensive with an automatic 18% gratuity and room delivery charge added.  We were also not told at booking or check in that there is an automatic $24 per day charge for internet and pool access.  This was not something we needed or desired, so this was removed from our bill when we complained.  We were also not told about the breakfast limitations until check-out, which of course, by then we had accumulated a hefty charge.   Even all this would not have upset me to the point of giving them 3 stars, but the step that took me over the edge was their constant high-dollar "pending" charges to your credit card for possible extras your "might" enjoy during your fabulous stay - maxing out our credit limit.  This may be OK if you carry a card with plenty to go around, but I prefer to use a card that I add what's needed when needed as a transfer from my bank, so in the event of a stolen card there is not a lot there to steal.   Being that it was a bank holiday weekend (Labor Day), this played havoc for us to transfer funds and try to keep up with Mandarin's ridiculous "pending" charges - which were way over and above what we actually spent.  This issue became so stressful that we could not enjoy our stay.   And, the staff knew we were not pleased.  They offered us everything....... credits at the spa, the restaurants, removal of superfluous charges, even CASH, etc, etc.   Why go through all that when you could just treat your guests with respect and wait to collect your funds at the end of your guest's stay - like other hotels.  We were totally frustrated and because of this issue would not return in the future.  We specifically picked this location because the hotel does NOT have a casino and all the wonderful amenities they offer.  Too bad...... I just could not deal with the HEAT issues and credit issues again.   A very special thanks to Casey & Michael who took great care of us and saw that we got around town in style.
5	I expected nothing less from a Mandarin Oriental property.  Same can be said of the room decor - gaudy in that oriental-stereotypical way.  The room layout is interesting, the bed comfortable and controls tech forward.  In room dining was reasonably priced in my opinion, and to my surprise.  The valet guys are a hoot and a half, and were especially helpful in supplying traffic updates for the EDC 2012 weekend.
5	The hotel was excellent. You are greeted when you leave and when you return. Check-in was effortless. The room was clean. Housekeeping come and clean the room twice daily. The front desk was always helpful. I would say this was the best 5 star hotel ever.
4	Mandarin Oriental is a lovely quiet spot in the center of the hubbub of Vegas. The hotel is entirely smoke free and quiet as there is no casino. The rooms are well appointed with a comfortable bed, large bathroom, and some great tech features. Everything in the room is remote controlled, from the lights, to the blackout curtains, to the temperature, and the alarm. You can even choose multiple settings for the alarm so you can wake to peaceful scenery on the tv screen while birds chirp and the curtains slowly open to let the morning light in. There are a couple of did sides to this hotel which is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5.  First, the pillows are terrible. They are large and hard. They don't have soft or foam pillow options. Second, the hotel is not connected to the rest if city center in a clean way. You have to walk up through a fees walkways to get to the Aria or through the taxi driveway to get to the street, neither of which is particularly safe or easy. Overall, I would return to the Mzndarin Oriental. They have several nice touches that bring it into the luxury hotel category. My favorites are the complimentary ride back to the airport in a comfy Mercedes, the bath salts for the huge tub, the personal high end service, and the technical integration of the functions in the room.
2	I have high expectation since the chain is famous in Asia.Yes, the property is very pretty same as the suite.  Yes no casino and night club make it very quiet and easy to walk around.  But this is all you can get from MO!Service is the biggest disappointment there:Reservation- I made the reservation online and from the suite description i was told Nespress machine will be in the room.  I was so excited for days cos this is very rare.   However i was told NO machine after i confirm with reservation via email. How can a hotel encourage customer to book online while offering inaccurate room & suite info??  After i talked to front desk, reservation and concierge,  front desk & concierge placed special request while reservation guaranteed me the coffee machine upon check in.  They kept passing me around to different department and seems no one can give me a firm answer for the issue originally caused by them!!  -FYI, the website isn't corrected yet for the Nespresso machine. It still shows all the suites will have the machine in room. I talked to them about this more than a month ago, how long does it take to take thing off from the website?Front desk-Check in was slow.  We understand early check in wasn't guaranteed.  However, i was told a category up suite was available NOW for $40 more per night.  I immediately agreed to it and hope we can get to our suit right away after a super long day.  Wrong!! Their `available now' means we had to wait full 3 hours cos it needed to be cleaned and checked by housekeeping manager.   I had no where to go to kill that 3 hours after breakfast in MO zen bistro.  Sitting by the pool wasn't an option cos i was so exhausted and all i needed was a bed.-Checkout was better but beware of billing error.  I was told the upgrade was $40 more per night and we signed up a buy 2 night got 3rd night free.  This  means we should pay nothing for the 3rd night except resort fees.  However, the hotel tried to charge me $40 + tax for 3rd night telling me this is upgrade not room rate blah blah.   Well $40 is ok but think about if `upgrade fee's is $150 from room to suite...I am glad they waive it finally but wonder why .-The hotel offers complimentary car service from the hotel to anywhere on the strip.  However, front desk didn't mention it and no one told us about their hours.  Concierge-They should be the easiest to talk to.  Wrong, they can't guarantee the coffee machines they inaccurately put on their website.  Half of the menu from their restaurants cannot be downloaded online and concierge forgot the attachments when i requested via emails.-my husband was interested in exotic car racing and called Concierge for preferred vendors and pricing if available.  It took them 2 hours to call us back saying NO for both.Housekeeping/Luggage delivery-Guest what ? After my long fighting for the Nepresso machine, I still didn't see it when we got to our  suite.  The champagne we brought in from the limo went missing.  We had to call housekeeping a few times to hunt all these things down.  What a hassle after such a long wait for room?-Some of our toiletries/ice bucket never got re-stocked or refilled during our stay.  We tried to push the valet button but no one bother to respond.  Seems we can only get service unless we call.  Then why bother to have valet button and closet ??-After 3 hours of waiting and being told the room was checked by manager, the curtain still didn't work.  They sent someone to fix it quick...but come on we were there for honeymoon, why did i get so busy to get them do things rather than enjoying ourselves?-During out check out, I told the front desk that a limo would pick us up at the hotel entrance by particular time.  However, they didn't bother to send our luggage down to bell desk to get it ready to upload when limo showed up...We ended up waiting for them in the car to let them  figure out where the heck our luggage were.  Thank god that we were not in time crunch to get to the airport..-Whenever i call from the room, i was seldom addressed by my name.  This is not something picky or demanding for a 5 stars hotel.Swimming Pool/Fitness Center-Machines at the fitness center look nice only but very hard to use especially for interval training.  The touch screen is very annoying.-The pool is the smallest compared with same level hotels on the strip.  Good thing is almost kid-free and not packed at all-The service at Poolside cafe sucks, the attendants never offered me any menu or bother to follow up if i needed any beverages or food.    For our entire 3 days stay, we were getting very tired to push the hotel staff to get things done. i can only recommend Spa, Tea Lounge and car service. thereOverall,  if you just need a room in central location on the strip, go for it.  If you want some customer service or go for special occasion, stay with Wynn/Encore,  otherwise all your energy will be sucked in to get things in a reasonable wa
4	4.5 stars.Stunning hotel, a true sanctuary from the Vegas madness. Any hotel can give you the action in Vegas. Few can give you the chance, after the action, to come back to peace (the other, I would say, is the Westin, but it's a bit run down now).New, clean. Fantastic food as well at any of the restaurants in the hotel. Heck,even at conferences I have been to here, the food for the lunches (mass lunch served for 100+ people where you usually expect the quality to be weak), the food is excellent. The only reason it loses a half star: (1) snooty guests tend to stay here which is annoying (I guess it's better than the rich princelings that stay at the wynn tower suites) (2) getting a cab can sometimes take forever (3) while it is a break from the clubs and gambling, if you get the itch to have either, it is not an easy "around the corner" sort of thing. Overall, this is probably my favorite hotel in Vegas.
5	My favorite Hotel! I don't even know where to begin. Being in Vegas is all fun and all but I can only have so much of it at a time before I get sick of the smoke smell, partying and gambling. This hotel is perfect to get cleaned up and relax while enjoying the vegas view too! The view from the room is ridic and so is the view from the lobby/tea room lounge. When pulling up to the hotel, there is already a sense of relaxation. But going up into the hotel, its all Zen from there.
4	My favorite hotel in LV!The staff knows how valuable their guests are.The environment is so clean and smells great.No smoking and gambling in the hotel.The rooms are absolutely beautiful with their great big deep tub and roomy shower. Such an elegant hotel.The only place I think of staying when I'm in the area.
5	I like Vegas. One of the many nice things about it is the competitiveness of the hotel scene. I probably couldn't afford a Mandarin in any other city, but here in Vegas, it's not even the most expensive option. But it is the best. This place manages to be a wonderful refuge from the noise, hustle and hustlers of the Strip while being right on the Strip. Don't get me wrong; I enjoy Vegas, but it sure is nice to have a quiet place with no casino, no craziness at the pool, and elegant and relaxing rooms. The best of both worlds. I've stayed at a lot of the best places in Vegas, and I'll be hard pressed to choose anything else again.
4	Stayed again at The Mondarin.Pro's* Upscale* Great service and friendly staff* A quite escape from the Vegas mob scene.Con's* The 2 elevator thing grows annoying.* Here's my real beef... They closed the sky bar all Sat night for a private party. I didn't know this when booking, but received an email 4 hours later explaining it would be closed. Now, for those who haven't stayed here, its a great bar to start or end the night. Great views and vibe. BUT, it should be available for quests of the hotel, not booking private events that shun out hotel guests. Having a drink at this bar is really part of the fun of staying here. It was a real bummer, but we lived with it.Overall a great place to stay if you want some peace and quite after the bars/clubs/ and casino's. The valet guys are the best, and remember your name from previous visits.
5	The best hotel I have ever stayed at.This is what i expected the Beverly Hills SLS to be but wasn't. I booked a few nights here for me and my man to have a little downtime together. The rates were reasonable so i figured why not? I flew down on Virgin, which is my favorite airline (by the way) and we drove on over.First note, do yourselves a favor and park in the Aria self park and save yourself 30 dollars. There is a split opinion on this since you are paying for an expensive room, why not pay 30 dollars more to park? We did valet it the first night because we didn't know any better but self parked the next night.It took us a total of 10 minutes from the garage to the lobby. AND we were walking slow and drunkenly.  When we checked in at 11pm, it turned out there was a problem with one of the lights in the room so they offered us a free drink which turned into two drinks and several appetizers, all comped by Henry the manager of the Mandarin Oriental (thanks Henry!) The view from the bar onto the strip is pretty spectacular. Floor to ceiling glass overlooking the strip while having cocktails is pretty much the idea one has when thinking about Vegas. Our room was spectacular as well. And they give you everything (including a sewing kit) you could possibly need on a trip to anywhere. The cleaning staff went above and beyond putting rose petals on our bathtub the second night, leaving little accents all over the room and even straightening up the toiletries we brought ourselves. The staff ,without exception was amazing. I wish i could have service like this everywhere we go and i would never want to go home.  The freestanding bathtub and the rain shower were also amazing, and the coupe de grace, the view while sitting on the toilet is one giant window from floor to ceiling.The bed is super comfortable and they use frette linens which i love. My whole thing is ,the bed has to be comfortable and it was.   It reminded me alot of the Standard NYC without all the doucheries that went along with it. Because there is no smoking and no casino in this hotel , the vibe is very relaxed and peaceful.  The food was good, but again, it was bar food. The coffee that they serve complimentary from 6 to 8 was okay but to be honest,i didnt have one good cup of coffee the whole time i was in Vegas. At the end of our stay, i just had to turn on the tv and click on the menu and check out without having to talk to anyone. How convenient is that? NO waiting in lines or watching other people dicker over their bill. For the first time in my life, I might actually want to go back to Vegas, provided that we stay at the Mandarin Oriental.  One last side note. You can hear people cavorting on the strip till all fucking hours of the night, even from the 21st floor. But if you are in Vegas, than i expect you know this already.
5	Just left after a four day stay. This is a tranquil and five star property amidst the craziness of Las Vegas. Everyone and I mean everyone at this hotel is very accommodating. The service is outstanding and the health club and spa are wonderful. The pool area is like an oasis.
5	Highly recommended at right price. Stayed for weekend.  Sex Appeal from beginning.  Location is OK for strip.  On one side you are close to Aria, by walking outside and up and over the walkway. However to South and across the street is kinda of the deserted part of the strip save and except for Monte Carlo.  I like to mess around and gamble but hate smoking.  No smoking allowed = healthier. One day a hotel in Vegas will offer no smoking + gambling.  aahh unlikely but I can dream.  Ideal vegas for me is hot women, good food, great pool- dont need day club,  sports book, place to do some social gambling, non smoking, fitness center and great bed. This places checks all the boxes except for the gambling and sports book which you need to do next door.  I recommend you bring your own hot woman- which I did.   Room is nice, modern, I like the open bathroom.  Prb not great for you kids, but you should not be bringing them to Vegas anyways.  Lobby is nice.  Spa is unreal.  Did day pass, and was blown away.  Well worth it.  Also loved the fitness center.  There is a separate locker room from the fitness center which is on same floor but separate from the spa.  Spa has its own even more upscale locker room.   I enjoy Vegas but generally do not like people who are there.  Either fall down drunk annoying people from LA who dont know how to hold liquor, trashy element, old people smoking with oxygen tanks, folks with kids who ruin the vibe or sleazy.   Have recently started going to Palm Springs instead but I miss the sports book, better dining and gambling.  Point is, Mandarin Oriental has my type of person.  Sexy, easygoing, classy but non pretentious, outgoing but respectful.  Hard to find anywhere let alone Vegas. Even folks with kids knew the drill. Close pick b/w here and Four Seasons.  I would chose Mandarin if you want to gamble hang at Aria, Four Season if you like Mandalay Bay better for dining options.  Prices add up with resort fee, so its going be expensive.  Good deal if you pay 200 night like we did.
5	Best hotel I've stayed in to date!  The service way above par.  It's very relaxing and zen inside, which I wouldn't have assumed since it is in Las Vegas.  The bathroom is decorated with top notch high quality products.  The TV behind the mirror in the bathroom earned this place it's 5th star!  I've never seen a hotel with that.I love that it has a separate elevator for hotel guests from the elevator which transports one from the street level to the main lobby, which is on the 23rd floor.  At first it seemed inconvenient, but it definitely seems to cut down on unwanted people wondering throughout the hotel.  The staff treats you with the utmost respect.  They ask for your first and last name, and then address you with Mr. or Ms. then your surname throughout the rest of their conversation with you.  Makes you feel very special.
5	Another pleasurable and fabulastic stay in MO. Though the hotel is not really centrally located on the LV strip, nevertheless it is closer to the airport and a real hedonistic treat. Upon entry, this hotel immediately invokes zen and classy vibe. I love the sweet-zen scent of the whole hotel (from the lobby all the way to our room). This is an absolute treat especially after coming back from a smoking Casino Hotel. This hotel is one of the few that does not have a casino on the strip. Definitely no ordinary Las Vegas hotel. The hotel lobby is situated oddly on the 23rd floor which is steps away from the hotel's impressive tea lounge and world class bar. Of course they would be reviewed separately. As for the room, it was a wonderful treat. Modern, asian motiff, hi-tech and chic. The curtains, temperature and tv are all controlled electronically by the small monitor/clock on the bedside. Oh lala. The linen, is a heavenly refuge: soft and smooth perfect to cradle your weary body. The bathroom is roomy and sexy. Firstly, who does not love the very modern bath tub equipped with bath salt and adorned with rose petals. The tub itself is also nicely located so you can enjoy bathing and watch the small tv affixed on the vanity mirror at the same time. "Fancy indeed." Secondly, the rain shower head in the walk in shower is just soothing and lovely. My husband loves them so much he spends 30 minutes there. Thirdly, the separate toilet and sink is a great idea for personal privacy while the modern double sink is elegant. Hoah! the cute jewelry box filled with luxurious and sweet scented amenities. Did I mention that they have the so called "valet cabin." It is located right by the door and it is where you can drop your shoes for shining, clothes to be dry cleaned and so forth. This is apparently to preserve you privacy and maximize your restful stay.Furthermore, you must not miss out delighting yourself on the inviting pool deck, poolside cabana and relaxing jacuzzi. All these feels right after a good workout in the fitness room or treatment from the world renowned spa. What a delightful place to stay in Las Vegas.
5	the best hotel in vegas. truly 5 stars in every aspect. I got married in our corner suite here overlooking the strip. it was awesome. no casino, and that's kind of the point. cosmopolitan and Aria are 5 minute walks away.
5	Was in Las Vegas for a business trip last week and I can't stand Las Vegas. Grimy, dirty and sleazy city. But the Mandarin was the absolute highlight of the trip. 1st class hotel all the way around and made the trip passable. You cannot get a better experience than what this hotel offers. Service, decor, food, staff and amenities are all world class.
4	I booked a room at the Mandarin for my husband's birthday weekend earlier this month. We had a strip view suite which was super cool, super classy and super comfy (maybe a little too comfy; on our last night we ended up heading back to the room for room service and TV at like 11pm, instead of the crazy late night on the strip we had intended- the room was just sooo comfortable that we didn't want to leave).I had mentioned my husband's birthday in our reservation and to our surprise there was a very yummy cupcake waiting for us in the room when we checked in. I love little touches like that!Important details: I am picky about hotel beds; this one did the trick. I am also fanatical about hotel cleanliness and this place was pretty spotless. Hotel bathtubs freak me out but this one was so clean I ALMOST considered using it. That's big for me!Basically, every square inch of this hotel exudes peace and quiet and luxury. If you are looking for a strip getaway away from the strip, this is your best bet. It feels miles away yet is close to everything CityCenter and the rest of the strip has to offer.They have a spa which I am told is pretty great, a couple of restaurants and tea and cocktail lounges. I am sad we didn't get to try the cocktail lounge but we did have a nice afternoon in the tea room (see my other review!). Also, room service is really delicious!We had a great experience but I'm knocking one star off for the unnecessary resort fees (which is supposed to cover gym access and coffee in the lobby at some ungodly early hour?) AND the daily parking fee- the hotel is valet-only and unlike every other resort in Vegas, you have to pay for it. That felt wrong, and kind of annoyed me.
1	The GM of this hotel contacted me after i mailed in the comment card regarding the disappointing experience.  He was very nice to invite us back to the hotel for a night on the house.    However when we were ready to make the reservation (paying 1-2 nights + 1 free nights for my b-day celebration), i was told the dates we want are around big electronics show (CES 2013), 3 nights non-refundable minimum stay is required and the rate is around $600-$1,000/night!!Come on, this hotel is crazy....The dates we want is 2-4 days before the show while all their competitor hotels are doing sales or at least normal rate.  Also no one requires any min. stay or non refundable crap..I have no idea where they get the guts to do this...There were some businesses invited us back in the past after our terrible experience, they usually did a wonderful job to win us back ...But Mandarin Oriental Las Vegas disappointed me AGAIN, they simply don't mean to improve their customer service.Thanks but no thanks Mandarin Oriental...i will never stay in any of your hotels although i heard your group has many nice hotels in Asia....
5	Wow. Second visit.  Superb hotel and service from top to bottom.  Special mention to the excellent check-in and attention to detail from Henry F. from the front desk.This place is worth the price of admission in every way.  We will never stay anywhere else in Vegas.
5	I normally don't give 5 star ratings, but I'm convinced this marvelous property deserves it.   The rooms were simply perfect.   The service was intensely good (but not too intense).    The bar off the lobby is a lot of fun.   And breakfast in the restaurant, though ordinary looking, was actually very very good.   Best scrambled eggs in memory.Location is good.   Right on the strip, but not too deep into City Center (like Aria, etc.).   The location of the main lobby *above* the guest rooms is weird, but not especially inconvenient.I applaud this hotel for still feeling very "Vegas," without having an on-site casino.   Our guest room was everything we wanted:  modern, original, spacious, and comfortable.   The giant bathtub was relaxing (nice bath salts), and the two head shower felt luxurious.   The bed was the most comfortable I have ever experienced in a hotel room.   The view from the window was nice, though I'm not a fan of the full length-mirror placement right in the middle of the window.   The computerized controls through the TV for climate, windows, and lights took some getting used to, but we liked it.         Appreciated that this is one of a growing number of hotels to offer free wi-fi (along with a helpful supply of cabled and plug-ins for electronics).Only problems we experienced are typical of ALL Las Vegas hotels:  noisy hallways, overpriced daily "resort fee", and pricey cocktails.    All part of the Vegas experience, and not so objectionable in a hotel like this.If we can afford it, we will stay here again for sure.
5	This luxury hotel is top notch top to bottom! Very impressed from the time reservations were made to when we checked out. Yes it was pricey but so worth it. I can be high maintenance sometimes when it comes to being a guest and the Mandarin Oriental spoiled me rotten. I booked here 2 weeks advance for our mini staycation via online. I noted it was our anniversary also. Check in was a breeze.  Upon arrival at valet (the only way to park here) we were approached by doormen, valet and bellhop. We were up at the registration desk in no time. When we checked in we told them our names an they wished us a happy anniversary, not only then, but throughout our stay. From every hotel staff we encountered front desk down to housekeeping.  They must've had a  morning briefing or something  of who we were and they recognized and acknowledged their guests. Quite impressive. I never had to lift a finger to carry luggage, open doors, take elevators up and down..heck there was even a bench to sit down in the elevatorDecor of hotel is modern, Asian influenced.  Classy, clean and quiet, no clanging of coins and ringing of slot machines, no hint of cigarette smells. When you enter the hotel lobby on the third floor there is spectacular view of the strip on the side where  registration desk and tea lounge lounge is. Access to your hotel room is from here on a separate elevator, you need your hotel room card to use it. I like that added security for guests staying there.Our hotel room was the Premier Room which is a step above the standard rooms.  When we opened our door the curtains were drawn and soft lighting turned on and music played automatically! Whoa! The alarm clock on the end table controlled everything down to locking your door. The cool bar niche had everything, the safe, cooler, junk food, drinks and display box of different teas. Our bed was super comfy and you wont have a problem drifting off to dreamland. Our bathroom was huge!  Soaker tub with bath salts, his n hers sinks in vanity area also had HD TV built into the mirror and the speakers were built into the ceiling.  Also there was a glass enclosed shower big enough for 4 ..it was really that large.  Then there is enclosed room for the washroom and toilet and another area for the walk in wardrobe area.Our view from our room was of the modernized architecture of City Center and backdrop of the strip. At night and during sunset the view was alot cooler. Excellent service from all of Mandarin Oriental staff, every night housekeeping did turn down service in our room...unmade our bed, replenish towels, ice bucket refilled, ice cold bottles of water on each side of our beds, and  fresh flowers too.After having our anniversary dinner a bottle of champagne and chilled glasses were waiting in our room with a Happy Anniversary card courtesy of MO...wow nice touch.So many little things that MO did made our staycation one I would repeat again!
5	Over the top treatment & over the top love for Mandarin Oriental!Before we even got there, we were inclined to totally love them!  I had called the Monday before we arrived to ask about all kinds of last minute wedding preparations: from dress / suit pressing, to champagne delivery, to cake storage.  The Concierge was nice as could be & made all the arrangements for us - I didn't have to lift a fingerAs we arrived & checked in, the Front Desk overheard me telling our party to meet back upstairs for drinks in the lounge before dinner & when we arrived to the Bar, there had been a table reserved for us - how awesome is that?!Room Service, Valet, Transportation, Spa Treatments, Restaurants, just everything was first rate & we certainly took advantage of it all!The rooms were a very nice size & the beds were super-comfy.  Pillows were fluffy & hard which is just how I prefer my pillows so I was in heaven!  The bathroom was bigger than my apartment & their Tea Bath Products were wonderfully smelly!Bath Salts, plush robes & slippers, shoeshine service; everything on electrical panels including a hidden tv in the mirror of the bathroom - this room was perfection incarnate.....not to mention the spectacular view of The Strip from our room - we could see for miles!Also loving the fact there was no casino & especially the fact there was no decades-old smoke permeating the furniture & walls.  Everyone in our party made the comment they wished we had had more time to extend our visit & this is something rarely seen in our crew but Mandarin made an impression.....I've found my go-to Vegas getaway & can't wait to come back!  How's next weekend look for you?
5	after 3 nights at the Mandarin I had to stay another night because I was stranded in LV because my flight back to the East Coast got cancelled. All I could think of that day was that I hope I have to spend a fifth night there. Having stayed at several hotels on the Strip ... from the MGM to the Mandarin, to the Wynn I have to say this is by far my favorite. It is in a class of its own. Sanity, Service, Friendliness, Generous ... that is how I would describe the hotel. and Sanity is probably that most important for me when I am in LV. I actually like the city (although I am not a gambler and never have gambled) but living in a casino hotel (even the better ones like the Wynn), they can drive you nuts with all the noise. The Mandarin on the other hand is quiet, from the moment you enter the building you feel like you have left the Strip and entered a Spa somewhere in a mountain retreat ... well unless you look out of the window and see (but not hear) the hussel and bussle down on the street. So you can go nuts in the city but know that when you get back to the hotel you will have your little oasis in the madness. Service and staff were perfect. friendly and always there when you needed help. the rooms where perfect.  there was really nothing i could think of that I missed while I was there or that was wrong. a fully perfect stay .... just too short.
5	Really beautiful and a nice escape from everything else on the strip. No Casino. Friendly service and neat design.
5	(+)- friendly, professional staff- bathtub- beautiful roomFirst time staying here for my company's work retreat and it was wonderful! Initially I was thrown off by the whole, check in at the top floor and 2 different elevators for rooms and the lobby, strange but you get used to it. The staff was very helpful and provided great service. They have a little welcome tray thing for you with tea and other stuff, very fancy. My room was great, aesthetically pleasing setup, nice view of planet hollywood. Cool little touch screen next to the bed that controls pretty much everything. My favorite part of the room was the bathtub + bath salts, definitely a must use. You can watch tv through the clear bathroom wall while in the tub too, so awesome. What I didn't like was that there wasn't a plug right next to the bed on either side, had to plug my phone in and have it not within arms reach :(. Also the remote didn't work so I had to control the tv with the touch screen panel thing which was pretty annoying and slow. In the end just first world problems that were very minor.The meeting rooms are spacious and nice, food provided was good.Great place for companies to have meetings, and good for those looking for a more peaceful stay (no casino or club in the hotel).
4	Our meeting was scheduled at this hotel which I had not stayed at before.  Matter of fact, the prior visit to Vegas I didn't make it past the Cosmo so I didn't know for sure where it was.  The whole complex was under construction the visit prior.  I took a cab to the hotel from the airport and was dropped off in the front of the hotel.  The door man grabbed my bag and escorted me to the elevator.  He selected the floor for the reception desk. I was pleasently greeted and taken care of at the front desk.  I was also given an option of which newspaper I would like to received each morning which was a nice touch.  I was explained the elevator situation, which was a little strange the first day.  You do need your room key to utilize the room elevator each time you get into it.  I opened the door to my room and was quickly amazed at it's beauty.  It wasn't really any bigger than most nice rooms at hotels, but the decor was perfect for the brand.  The glass wall that separated the room from the bathroom was something I had not seen done before and the entire room was ran by a remote control.  Now that being good, it also created an interesting story. I got out of the shower, dried off and left the towel in the bathroom.  I was trying to find the switch for the light on the wall but it wasn't working so I walked toward the bed to the remote.  It was about 9pm so very dark outside and my room faced the walkway between two hotels that was always busy. As I hit the light I realized the switch i had hit on the wall was for both blinds to open.  So pretty much I was standing in front of the window without a towel.  I jumped into the bed until I could get the curtain shut again.  I was only on the 4th or 5th floor.  That night as I was walking back to my hotel, I looked at where I would have been and it's about impossible not to have seen it.  Service at the hotel was top notch, and ranks with one of the best hotels I have stayed at.  We had a group rate for the hotel and it was still more than we normally spent on hotels for our meeting but well worth it.  The only reason for a 4 star instead of a 5 is that the hotel does not have a casino.  I enjoy some gambeling so for some this is a plus, for me it made me loose my money at another hotel!
5	The best service. The best interior design. The best stay!We were greeted by a warm and graceful receptionist. She represented The Mandarin very well. The team made our stay memorable and relaxing. The room was spectacular! Clean, inviting, cutting edge. I can't wait to stay here again!
5	High-class, Outstanding customer service, and Excellent attention to detail. No casino but that's ok because it's walking distance to the Aria, Cosmopolitan, Vdara, Belagio, Monte Carlo, and NYNY.This hotel sets the bar high! Wonderful experience in Las Vegas & now looking forward to staying at other locations.
5	Beautiful property topped off with excellent service. Be sure stop in & enjoy some tea at the Tea Lounge. They have an extensive selection of teas from around the globe. If you're hungry, opt-in for afternoon tea. The sandwiches & pastries are delicious. The scones are DIVINE! Best I've ever had. Dress up & enjoy!
5	5 Stars, well that was sure easy! Beautiful hotel and very helpful, friendly staff. Your wish is their command and they give genuine, not phony service. The valets in gentlemen's coats and top hats are johnny on the spot. Michael was great at helping us get set up. Ultra comfortable beds & pillows. Plan on spending your first hour or so getting to know all the high tech stuff in your suite. Nicely stocked mini-bar and the prices not bad at all. A few notes... the bathroom sinks are small and tucked in a corner, not convenient for shaving. You will most likely bang your head on the extended faucet. Hopefully only once before you learn ;-) Bring a hand mirror if you want to see the back of your head. If you smoke, there is one cabana designated for smokers out by the 8th floor pool & spa or by the valet station. There is no smoking indoors anywhere, even the bar on the 23rd floor. There are two sets of elevators. The one for guests stops at the 3rd floor restaurant and you have to switch to the common elevators to go to the lower lobby out to the Strip. A little annoying but great for your security.
5	A wonderfully quiet hotel in the chaos of Vegas. My wife and I don't gamble so this hotel was a find. The fact that one doesn't have to walk though the casino to get to the elevators to get to your room is great. Walk-in the ground floor lobby, the elevators are right there. Up to either the Sky lobby (23rd) or Spa/Restauarnt level (3rd) and then back down to your room floor. It's all pretty quick. Seldom had to wait more than a couple of minutes.And with Crystals across the street for fine shopping and dining plus a CVS right around the corner, this is a great location. Nice roomy and comfortable rooms. Cool feature, the drawer safe has a power outlet so you can charge your tech while it's locked up! Very helpful and roomy staff.Breakfast at Mozen bistro was very good. Only downside for us were the drinks at the bar. Not very tasty but the views are excellent.Overall, an excellent place for the non-gambler.
4	Pros: Amazing service. Because this is a smaller hotel the doorman always recognized us and was just so friendly. Quiet. Since there is no casino, there is no cigarette smoke. Amazing room service menu. I highly recommend the Chicken Congee and the Belgian Waffles. Spa. Unfortunately, i didnt get a chance to go but my travel companions all did and they just wouldnt shut up about it. So it must be fantastic. Location in the heart of City Center. No big crowds. Lots of towels that were actually soft. Decent soaps and shampoos. Flat iron is provided in addition to a blow dryer. The valet closet for laundry and dry cleaning. Omg. so nice! a little closet by the door where you can put your clothes for service. With a push of a button, housekeeping will come without disturbing you and unlock that closet from outside your room to pick up your clothes. The views from the bar and room were amazing. Cons (for me): No casino- i know some people like that about Mandarin and Aria is just right next door but i'm just that lazy. No retail- Again, Crystals is right across the street. The rooms (we stayed in a Cityscape room) are on the smallish side. Mozen Bistro. Restaurant on the 3rd floor. We were a party of 4 and no one liked anything they ordered. Room Service. Even though i raved about the chicken congee and the belgian waffles, it wasn't consistent. 1st day was fantastic. I loved it so much i ordered the same thing the next day. The chicken congee was missing the spoons of chili sauce, peanuts and something else that it came with the day before. It also was missing ginger. That was the real bummer. The ginger really made that dish oh so good. I ordered tea for 2 and even though 2 tea cups were delivered, there was only 1 tea bag. This was disappointing especially since all me and my husband could talk about was the attention to detail the day before. The overly complicated lighting control tablet and switches. Pro?Con?: Never did i once see room service food in the hallways but thats because you must call to have your trays and tables removed from the room. The down filled bed. If you sleep on your back, this bed is so amazing. I sleep on my stomach and the bed was so fluffy soft that it made my back arch which i found uncomfortable. Overall, a nice place to stay when you just want to unwind and treat yourself to a quiet pampered stay without all the dizzying commotion that Vegas is known for. Tip: Check in is on the 23rd floor. There is a second set of elevators located on the 3rd floor that takes you to guest rooms. You will always have to change elevators on the 3rd or 23rd floor.
5	Super Luxury above the Vegas Strip.AMBIENCE:  5 stars.  From the private drop off for you taxi, to arriving at the lobby up on the 23rd floor and looking out a wall of windows over the Vegas strip--this place is fantastic.  Every person we came in contact with was super professional and courteous.  The bar is unbelievable!ROOMS:  5 stars.  The room is ultra high tech--the curtains open magically as you enter the room, gentle music is playing, and you feel a calmness that I have never felt at another hotel on the Vegas Strip.  King-sized bed--huge bathroom with giant soaking tub, seperate shower, twin sinks--and a TV built into the mirror!  The decor is perfect.BAR:  5 stars.  Special mention for the view, the drinks, the bartending!  Amazing view, fantastic crowd--and I had this margarita concoction with cucumber and basil that was incredible!SPA:  5 stars.  Attentive staff, relaxing decor, great soaking tubs with views of the strip--the treatment staff is among the best I have ever experienced.VALUE:  4 stars.  My wife surprised me with a stay here for my birthday--and while I would not say it is a value--she said it cost less than the Aria would have cost--and it is a world away from any other hotel I have been to in Vegas.OVERALL:  5 stars.  Perfect for romantic weekend, birthday, etc--from top to bottom one of the best hotel experiences I have ever had.
4	We popped into this place to have a look see, what we found was an ultra exclusive very expensive hotel!  The hallways are kept really dark almost like walking through a temple.  Not much to see if your staying there as there is only a coffee shop and an exclusive restaraunt availble for publc eyes.
4	This place is a class act.  I am planning a charity event there for a local non-profit.  So far, the staff have been responsive and helpful.  We had lunch at the Mozen Bistro on the day we brought the contract and to look around.  It was quiet and the service was excellent.  As it was Valentine's Day, the waiter provided each lady with a long stem rose.  We all enjoyed the food and were generally impressed with the resort.  I am looking forward to our charity event and hope that everyone involved will enjoy the location.
5	We stayed overnight here on our way to Hawaii.  FANCY!  From check in (fabulous!) to check out.  We felt pretty great about our stay here!   My favorite part is that they have a house car service for guests (when available).  Since we needed to get to the airport around 5am - there was no problem!   We got car service, bottled water (i know.. freebies make me happy)  to the airport.  Super nice driver.  Our room was great - I NEVER take baths at hotels - but this bathtub was such a treat!  Cocktails that night at the bar - were pricey - but you also get warm nuts.  hahhaha.  Well, you do.  We had another couple meet up with us at the bar - and we all had fun.  It took like 45 minutes to get out bill, we reminded our waitress over and over.  We weren't in a big hurry - so it didn't bother us.The rates here on that particular Saturday were the same as most of the crappy strip hotels.  Somehow we got lucky!  $250 for a room on Saturday night - never felt so good.
5	This hotel is the definition of 5-star hotel.  Both concierges, Joe/Helen (Rental car/She recommendation), the sky lobby staff, the Mandarin Bar - the Valet, the Bell staff - even the staff at the Residences next door was all truly exceptional.  When you have a VIP experience and you are not a VIP - well, not one outside your own head, it is something to enjoy.  Everything - is thought of and executed on.  They were there when you needed it, or asked for it, not overly trying to help with everything.  Just intuitive - 5-star service.  Discreet and comfortable.  Classy and simplistic.All for a value that didn't break my bank.Thank you!!!
5	Was lucky enough to have my best man plan this hotel for my bachelor party stay.  Rooms are top notch all the way around.  Service is amazing, food is great, room was perfect.  Its a no gaming hotel, which is nice because everything does not smell like smoke, and you don't make a stop on the way to the room.  Strip locations is perfect and close to all.  Will be back!
5	my wifes family was in town from hong kong after our wedding and we stayed here for 2 nights in late nov 2012.   Mandarin Oriental chain prides itself on its service and it is exceptional in every way.  Not your typical vegas hotel, no nightclub, casino, sports books, ect so if you are looking to go to vegas and want a little more relaxing stay than the usual monster resorts this place is perfect.  We had a little problem with the bathroom door in one of our rooms and they went above and beyond to make our stay even better.
3	My husband and I stayed at the Mandarin Oriental in Vegas last weekend. It felt like we weren't even on the strip. The hotel does not have a casino and the entire property is smoke free and very quiet. It was a little weird having the lobby on the top floor but I can totally understand why they did that. Some of the nicer properties like Bellagio or Venetian have a ton of tourists who want to come in and check out the lobby and so it can be a real pain when you are just trying to check in and get your room key. Instead of that chaos, we stepped off the elevator and were greeted immediately by calm new age music and nature sounds. Part of the the check in process includes hot towels and a cup of tea. Everyone was very pleasant and eager to please. It really made me feel special.The room itself was nice, but not mind blowing. A nice comfortable king sized bed, view of the strip, and some basic furniture. A little disappointing since my expectations were high. They had one of those new modern systems like the Cosmo where you can control the blinds and the lights thru the TV so that was cool but unfortunately it was a little finiky... it took a few seconds to respond. There were a couple of stains on the bench at the foot of the bed but other than that everything seemed clean. The bathroom was much more impressive. There was a nice roomy shower and humongous freestanding tub. They supplied bath salts that smelled wonderful and every night part of the turn-down service included draping a towel with a rose petal on top over the side of the tub. They also supplied robes and slippers which were nice but the bath towels were worn out and lower quality. One cool thing they had was a valet's closet which was a little cubby where they would leave your newspaper so you didn't have to open the door to get it or you could also leave laundry there or if you wanted your shoes shined.Tea is their thing I guess because instead of a coffee pot the room had an electric tea kettle and a wide variety of bag teas that were very good. This came in handy for me since I ended up getting a cold before we left. I did not try the tea service they had available in the lobby area because it seemed too expensive. We did check out the bar one night and that was pretty cool. It is also on the top floor so the view was great. It was very calm and mellow, not a crazy Vegas bar, more like a lounge. The bartenders were friendly and they had some good music playing. Their specialty cocktails were very overpriced... not bad but just not anything special that justified the high price tag. I loved the spicy wasabi iso peanuts in the snack tray. We also tried the sliders and the bolognese fries and those were pretty tasty as well. I never did get to the main restaurant but we had room service breakfast one morning as well as breakfast by the pool another day and that was all really great food as well.The highlight of our stay was probably the pool area. It was so calm and serene, not like most Vegas hotel pools. The servers were always accessible and they would bring you whatever you want. Plenty of towels and bottled water for free as well. They also walked around serving mini slushy drinks. Just a shot size but enough to cool you down. It was perfect. They might get more crowded in the summer but it really felt very secluded and zen while we were there, I just loved it. They had a small restaurant off to the side, still completely outside but covered so it was shaded. The food was very expensive but good. I paid 28 dollars for some granola, fruit, and yoghurt. Now, don't get me wrong, that was probably the most delicious yoghurt I have ever eaten in my whole life. It was rich and creamy with a subtle coconut taste but not too sweet or artificial tasting. However, for such a small meal I don't think it was really worth the cost. I guess that just comes with the territory if you stay at a high-class place like this.Overall, I would recommend the Mandarin Oriental if you are looking for a quiet, romantic getaway. Not a typical Vegas trip. It did get a little annoying walking to Aria when we wanted to gamble; even though it is close you have to actually go outside, they are not connected. Also, there were not a lot of options for restaurants and when we did want to go off property it was hard to get a cab since they don't have a dedicated cab stand. I was also surprised when I went to check out how much our bill was. We had paid for the room up front but it was an extra $35/day charge for "resort fee" (at least this meant free wi-fi) and $20/night for parking (no one told us there was a fee at MO but you can park at Aria for free) and each of our very small meals came to almost $100 since their prices were so high. So, just be prepared that even though the competition on the strip keeps the room rates low ($200 a night for a five diamond hotel is pretty darn good) be prepared to spend some money while you are here, even without the casino.
3	I really wavered between giving Mandarin a 2 or 3 star rating. In the "real" world of hotels that don't purport to be world class, 5 star establishments, I would give Mandarin a 3.5 star rating. Pros:* Check in was easy and fast - a huge advantage over the big Vegas hotels where you can wait a long time just to get your room key* Getting car out of valet was great, it was waiting when we came down after checkout.* Getting cabs was easy... never any lines* Location is the bomb. Right in center strip near MGM & New York New York. * The room was pretty and modern with high tech features (this is also a con below)* I took advantage of the free shoe polish for some black flats, and it's a nice service, but the polish job was not very thorough at all. They missed like half of each shoe.Cons:* We stayed for 2 nights, and came in the first afternoon with two kids (6 and 9) after a 4 hour drive from Northern Arizona. We had been talking all day about hitting the pool and hot tub after the drive. We were informed upon check in that the pool and spa (the only ones in the hotel) were CLOSED for a private party. This may be fine if you have more than one pool/spa, but simply UNACCEPTABLE when you have paying guests on vacation who are expecting the advertised amenities to be available. Of all the hotels I've stayed at, in Vegas and otherwise, I have never encountered this before. Particularly not paying the room rate of the Mandarin. What if we were only staying one night?* We ate two breakfasts at MOzen Bistro. On my 2nd visit, there was a long black hair threaded through my huevos rancheros. Disgusting! This from a restaurant that charges $12 for a bowl of fruit loops? Really? Waiter comped us for the huevos. I am thinking that a long black hair should have warranted at minimum an apology or table-side visit from the manager. Again, if you're going to advertise yourself as having "legendary service hospitality", then you need to deliver it every time. Consistently. Without fail. * The coffee was COLD both mornings. Second morning my husband had to have someone warm up a cup in the micro. He went there really early too, so it wasn't like 9am or later when the coffee could have been sitting there for awhile. I mean, if the Hampton can get hot coffee right, consistently, why can't the Mandarin? * Towels were ratty and falling apart. Several had large gaping holes.* Noise from neighboring rooms was loud.* The technology in the room was outright annoying. We kept hitting the wrong lights from the bedroom area and then if someone was in the bathroom (shower or toilet), it would go dark. What a pain that you can control the bathroom lights from the living area! A nightmare if you have kids. Aside from the prime location and ease of getting in and out, the Mandarin is pretty average. I was expecting a lot more, I guess, based on the reviews. I come to Vegas a lot and probably won't stay here again.
4	The BEST of the BEST! Hidden from the monstrosity of the strip... but next to Aria and Cosmopolitan... this place rocks. From top notch valet service to top notch customer service... can't complain!I loved their sauna... where I was able to clear my head / lungs from all the smoke that surrounds Vegas... also their gym rocks! Did I mention they have a yoga suite! Their pool area is modern... nice way to people watch!I highly recommend getting the Cityscape View Rooms... you get to see the lights and streets of the strip... Pricey... yes... really... its well worth it!PS: Did I mention that they have TVs in the bath tub... ESPN while soaking... LOVED!
4	More like a 4 1/2 than just a 4.   It's very convenient to the strip, but without the noise and crowds of most casinos. I was visiting friends to celebrate my birthday and they even loved the room. I'm a shower guy but the tub was so lovely that I had to soak in it for a while. I experienced great service while there and I also had a great view of the strip from my window. I chose this hotel based on it having no casino, but it definitely has a lot more going for it. I was busy out with friends and celebrating so I didn't take advantage of all the amenities but what I did get to partake in was definitely up to par with expectations. Each night I was heading out, I'd see a lot of great looking people leaving or coming into their bar (I think). Seems to be convenient if you're traveling alone and no friends in town, a place to go grab a drink, flirt, and/or converse. There was nothing about it I didn't like, but the going up to go down when I wanted to leave was a bit weird. I'd definitely stay here again, and probably will when I head down to Vegas again this year.
5	My Best Friend surprised me by booking a stay and the spa here. ITS AWESOME!The rooms grade A+++ the Service..WOW! and the Spa.. speechless I LOVE everything about this place! Very relaxing and very cozy. I could stay in ALL DAY! Cant wait to go back!
5	Wow! One word to describe: luxury. Had an amazing stay here, every employee I encountered was extremely personable, friendly, and professional. The decor of the hotel is gorgeous! No casino so it has a relaxed atmosphere. There is a certain smell to the place; using perfume terminology I would describe it as musky, spicy, and floral. PARKING: Valet is Free until 2AM..if you leave your car overnight it is $20. What we did is first valet our car to get our bags sent up, then moved our car to Aria self-parking after dinner. Simple, quick, and for two nights you save $40 to spend on a buffet! Only odd thing about this hotel is the bathroom is see through...perfect for couples?
5	OMG - I have died and gone to heaven!!Usually I can't stand going to Vegas for work between the smoke, the crowds, the casinos and the bad, overpriced food. Mandarin has none of that.An oasis right next door to Aria, Mandarin features a calm, cool environment with stellar service, beautifully appointed rooms, delicious and healthy food options at all of their dining establishments as well as room service and a beautiful pool. Oh, did I mention the free parking and complimentary house car (Mercedes SL500 no less) should you need to go anywhere. But trust me, you won't want to leave.The spa is the absolute best I've ever visited in Vegas and I've tried them all, make sure to try the foot detox - it is worth every penny after you've been on your feet all day. The gym has all the latest equipment and there are excellent group exercise classes for free offered throughout the day (I tried a Yoga class on Monday, so fun).  For those who want to party, the casino at Aria is literally steps away, but as someone who can't stand cigarette smoke the biggest vantage was the CLEAN air!! Plus, not having to look at zoned out elderly people losing all their money at slots or infants being pushed around a smoky casino at all hours.Upon arrival there are no lines to wait in and you are offered a hot towel at the check-in desk to start off your stay on the right note. We immediately high tailed it to the pool and enjoyed a leisurely lunch (french rose by the glass, yes please!). I highly recommend both Mozen and Twist - we had excellent meals there.Honestly, I will never stay anywhere else if I can avoid it while in Vegas.
5	Perfection. Need I say more?I'm going to anyways. No matter what people say, this hotel is much better than the Wynn/Encore. The hotel itself is gorgeous. The elevators are gorgeous. Everything is just gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous. The hotel room (junior suite) was fabulous. The bed was heavenly. The bathtub was the greatest thing I have ever experienced in my life (even if you don't like baths, you have to take one here). The staff and service is all very kind, very helpful, and are all masters of their craft. The restaurant here, MoZen, is excellent as well. Went here two days in a row! Overall, this is the hotel to stay in, and for other hotels, the hotel to beat. Believe me, you won't miss the strip at all once you step into this location. But if you do, it's mere steps away as the Mandarin is in an amazing location as well. Well worth the expense. I will definitely be returning.
4	Good hard product and an excellent soft product for Vegas.  I really hate City Center as a concept and in practical terms, it is totally confusing and bizarre.  The M.O. is a bit of an oasis in this regard, but you still have to navigate the complex unless you take a car everywhere.  The rooms are fine and the service is good if a bit obsequious  at times.  I enjoyed breakfast at Mozen bistro, the muesli with house yoghurt being the best I've had anywhere.  Haven't had a chance to try the spa but I've heard good things.  Incremental costs are shamelessly high.  In the end, quieter and way more discreet than Encore Tower Suites, but I'm not sure where I will stay next time in Vegas...
5	It is Le Amazing!No, no its not, but is pretty nice.I was contacted via email before arriving asking for my flight information and preferences as I didn't book through their website and they were very accommodating. As I arrived at the hotel, the valet guy opened the door to my taxi and I was on my way up to the 23rd floor to check in. it was an amazing lobby, huge, spacious, and a kick-ass view of the strip. The front desks clerks were very quick and helpful, and if they can't help you at that moment you get close to the desk, someone pops out of the office on the left to assist you.Check in was painless, quick signature and an explanation of my benefits (as I booked through AmEx FHR) and although I wasn't able to get an upgrade, I was able to have a nice room with a decent view of the strip. The front desk agent then walked me to the room elevators and explained how the elevator works, really nice lady and off I went down to the 12th floor.People who complain about the 2 Elevators needs to get that rod out of their butts, its a Nice security feature to keep non-guests out. Also you are able to take the guest elevators to the 3rd floor then the main elevator down to the first floor to get out, instead of going up then back down, you can just go down, and down.First stepped in, it was a room that I kept having dreams about. No really I did, and it was pretty amazing. From the bathroom to the closets and the bed, just wonderful. The three things that really irked me during the stay was the stupid iPad control thing is a piece of crap, needs to be totally revamped for human usage (it doesn't even control everything, just main stuff, and it usually only stays at the bedside table) Closet for clothes could not bother to close properly, and my TV didn't work properly after Saturday afternoon.Will that keep me away from the hotel? No most definitely not, the service is awesome, and the bed is so comfortable. I did forget to bring my phone charger and I was able to leave my phone on the front desk to charge over the night and pick it up in the morning. Sadly I wasn't offered the complimentary house car, but I didn't need to go far, no big deal. Maybe I'll be able to snag it next time, on a weekday when I should've went. (less people, I dislike crowds)During checkout, the front desk guy asked me how was my stay, and I told him I was irked to death about the TV problem, and yes I know it wasn't Mandarin Oriental's fault that the cable company was being a big fat DOO DOO that weekend, but he covered my spa treatment, the amount I went over in anticipation I will stay again.Of course I will though, this Is a hotel I cant stay away from. Regardless if the valet doesn't want to give me the house car to take me to the Venetian or the TV isn't working, staying at the Mandarin Oriental Las Vegas is like stepping into a different world after stepping into another world that we call Vegas, and it's so worth the money.Shout Out to the Alexander and Hilary, and another front desk agent (the one that checked me in) that helped me throughout the stay, and also the Spa Attendant Nick that made it all worthwhile.
5	This is the second time I was staying at a Mandarin Oriental hotel (first was in China). I had the best experience this time too - I stayed there for 2 nights this week with my gf , and my parents who were celebrating their wedding anniversary (which was acknowledged several times throughout our stay). Everything was great, from the initial welcome, the concierge services, to the pool and to when we left. Not cheap, obviously. But totally worth it in my mind (dont expect a party there though, focus on Pierre Gagnaire's food instead!)
4	Great hotel and service.  I love that there's no casino or smoking. Quiet and clean.Had room service breakfast... Huevos rancheros were very good, and the corned beef hash was EXCELLENT!
5	I have been to ALL the hotels in Las Vegas: from the Excalibur to the MGM and even Encore. The best BEST experience I have ever had was at the Mandarin Oriental. If you are looking to gamble and splurge your money at the casinos and clubs, the Mandarin is not the place to go. If you are looking for a customized and personal experience that trumps even makes the Ritz Carlton look bad, then I'd recommend this hotel. From the moment I pulled my car into valet, the employees were so kind and professional. The sky lobby of the hotel is beautiful and the receptionists were so patient and cheerful throughout the check in process. When I walked into the room, I was dumbfounded, in a good way. The rooms were so clean and all the amenities were top notch. They use RFID key cards for their entry doors (the newest technology) and everything in the room was controlled by a single PDA. I can go on and on how amazing this hotel is but I'd spend hours writing. Trust my word for it, the is THE best place to stay in Vegas. Prepared to be pampered.
5	I just wanted to complement Ali Murray, the Catering Sales Manager at the Mandarin Oriental Las Vegas.  I had been communicating with Ali regarding possibly having an upcoming event at the resort.  She was extremely timely, helpful, and detailed in her email responses.  On a recent visit to Las Vegas, I was able to pre-arrange a meeting in person to discuss details, and she was even waiting in the lobby when we arrived. She gave us an outstanding and thorough tour of the Mandarin Oriental, which by the way is gorgeous!  Ali also followed up upon our return to see if there was any additional assistance she could provide.  As far as the resort itself goes, the Mandarin Oriental is sophisticated and provides a quiet and relaxing atmosphere, among the hustle and bustle of Las Vegas, without being far removed.  it is definitely the best of both worlds.  Although, we ultimately decided to go in a different direction, we will definitely consider this resort for future events.  Hopefully, Ali will still be there!  She is sensational, a joy to meet, and represents the best of the Mandarin Oriental.  I would HIGHLY recommend working with her.
4	Beautiful hotel retreat right on the Strip. Since there's no casino in here, it's nice to come back to a quiet hotel to pass out. Lobby is located on the 23rd floor and all the hotel rooms are 22nd floor and below (23 floor and up are private residences). The lobby area is pretty grand and it's definitely a really nice way to be welcomed into Vegas. Service is good but there were a few details that were missed (like...forgetting to clean our room haha). I wouldn't say the service here is more spectacular than what you can get at other nice hotels but I'm just being snooty. Esp if you're going to pay a premium for staying here. They do have a complimentary house car that will take you anywhere but check with downstairs since it never seems to be available. We only used it on our last day when we finally snagged a ride to the airport (actually, it wasn't available but we said we'd wait for it since we weren't in a rush). Also key? There's a 24-hour CVS located right next door for all your late night munchies as well as a Starbucks right outside the hotel. Also, it's located right next to Aria & City Center so from a location stand point, it's pretty damn convenient.
4	We were in town again, part business and part mini vacation. Decided on the Mandarin for the 3rd time.The Cons:* Our strip view room had this odd mirror on the window, block the view and only a small window each side then. Then shades only open like half way so you only saw a 1 foot wide view of the strip. Should have went with the strip view suite.The Pro's* My wife, arriving a day earlier than I, was treated very well and the pick up at the airport was much appreciated. She dined alone that night and was treated vey well by the staff at Mozen.* Valet guys remember you from previous stays.* Great service from the staff, seemed less pretentious and just more honest approach. Not so fake as last time.* We had an amazing time in the Sky bar, for a lite dinner. Great view and fun time.* The location is prefect, only a few hundred feet from the strip, yet feels miles away from the riff raff of the strip.* Great gym center.* Great service at their breakfast place.One of the better places to stay on the strip in our opinion. We like the more upscale feeling and lack of frat groups or Jersey shore types. We will stay here next time again.
5	Just one of the great hotels that I visit/stay.No casino in here. The staffs are friendly and knowledgable.Great service.The main lobby is elevated on a high floor, over-looking the Vegas Strip.Definitely a superb view.Depending on the rooms you booked, the view is awesome.I like staying here.
5	I just got back from another amazing two night stay at MOLV. I had to add another star this time for several reasons. The prices, although still high compared to other resorts, have dropped to more reasonable rates. I spent $220 a night on a CityScape room (floors 15-22) when the first time I came here you couldn't find a standard room on a low floor for less than $400 per night.The service is still impeccable. From the valet to the pool service attendants, everyone was amazing. Not one complaint. They even remembered we stayed here before and left a nice letter welcoming us back.We decided to waste away a day by the pool so spent the money on a poolside cabana. The pool is small and peaceful. Definitely a great change of pace if you are a Vegas regular and need a break from the thousands of tourists roaming every corner of the strip and kiddos at the party pools. The cabana had a large flat screen TV, audio system, minibar with complimentary nonalcoholic drinks, a misting system, a good size seating area and two private pool loungers directly in front of the cabana. They only allow up to four guests in one cabana so it's not really meant to party in. We relaxed for 7 hours and the service was amazing. We were well taken care of.  The cabana had a minimum $350 requirement. So you had to rack up a bill that high. For the two of us that wasn't very easy. Even after 7 hours we only got to $300. They waitress only charged us fhe $300. She was a doll. We also noticed they offered many complimentary items to the folks who didn't have a cabana.They were passing our ice waters with lemon and small frozen drinks every hour. If you haven't been to an MO before you can't truly understand the exceptional service you will receive.Also, like our last stay we were privileged enough to be offered their chauffeured Mercedes to take us to dinner at the Wynn. This was FREE! It's a first come first serve thing but there were others that needed a cab that weren't offered this. I think if you are going somewhere nicer and dressed the part they will treat you when possible. Their car is like a mobile advertisement with the logo on the side so they won't want shorts and flip flops stepping out of it. That doesn't really fit their brand.This is not the place to stay if you want to party. It's a great place if you've been to Vegas countless times and want to get away from all the madness but still enjoy the opportunity to go nuts with everyone else just steps away. It's literally steps away from Aria, Crystals and the Cosmopolitan. The perfect location and the perfect getaway from the strip, but right on the strip.
5	I love this hotel! I had my wedding reception here June 8 it was absolutely perfect I was a little nervous planning it from San Diego but Angela Decosmo was incredible answered my emails very quickly and accommodated everything I wanted she never once said no she just took care of it. The reception couldn't have been better she had everything so organized not one problem every little detail i wanted was done! The staff at the wedding was so incredible beyond anything i expected. Before my drink was empty another one was in my hand same with my husband they even made him a plate of food since he was so busy dancing. Extremely attentive and kind staff! Not only at the reception but every single staff member is awesome here. The door man remembered our names everytime we came and went even gave us the house car instead of a taxi! This hotel knows what they are doing not sure how they are finding such amazing staff but if i could give them more stars I would!
5	Unless you need a casino, a crowded registration line and the frustration of being in a boring room in a 5000 room hotel, where service is an after thought, then this is the finest hotel in Vegas.  Don't expect the "whatever happens bull sherbet" crowd.  This is for those who need an oasis from the craziness that is the Strip.Service is absolutely world class!
5	If you want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the Vegas Strip, this is the place.  My employer's travel agency recommended this hotel, and I feel very lucky.  Why?  This place has phenomenal service, very clean, modern, and anything you can think of, they have covered.  Plus, I ran into Hulk Hogan at the pool!
5	Believe the hype. They treat you like royalty here, and there's nothing like stepping into your 5-star resort on the Vegas strip and not have to hear the clanging of slot machines.
5	We stayed here for a long weekend in June and it was AMAZING. It is unlike any hotel in Vegas, there is no casino or nightclub. This is no problem however because you are a short walk or ride in the complimentary S500 to any Strip Hotel you wish. The service is the best I have ever seen in Vegas. Places like the Wynn and Bellagio have systems in place to cover all the basics but cannot put a individual touch on your stay like this place.The only thing we found annoying was the lobby is on the 20-something floor. Each time you come or go you must first take an elevator to the lobby, and switch to the elevators going to guest rooms. However, you won't mind going through the lobby with its incredible views. Can't say enough good about the service/staff.
4	The service here is so friendly! I never stayed here, but I've heard so many good things.  They were able to find us a limo ride in less than 30 minutes! We hung out in the lobby during our wait, and I got to explore the 23rd floor lobby, which was gorgeous! Stunning views of Vegas! wonderful ambiance! even a bench in the elevator up! It's a nice, peaceful place in the middle of the hectic strip! I'll have to stay here one day when I can afford it! ;)
5	This is the best experience you will find in Las Vegas...period.  The service is beyond great.. they truly know what customer satisfaction means.  The experience is different than you will find in most hotels on the Strip.  There is no casino... the entrance is low-key with nothing to lure the tourist crowds inside.  The spa and restaurants are fantastic.  If you find yourself in the mood for some raucous partying... simply walk a few steps over to the Aria... then you can stumble back to your quiet, tranquil hotel with little drama or hassle.  Perfect.  Enjoy!
5	Mandarin Oriental is so hidden that you can even barely see the sign from the Strip. Only thing one would notice would be the "fan" on the side of the building. One word that best describes this hotel is "luxurious". The staff is so polite, so friendly, so professional, and so accommodating. The rooms were gorgeous, the beds were so comfortable (sleep on clouds type of comfortable), the sheets, the comforter, the pillows; it was perfect.The decor of the hotel is Asian inspired, but not too Asian-ed out where it looks tacky and over the top. It's subtle enough where you get the theme across the board, with a modern and sophisticated twist. Will definitely return back for our future weekend getaways due to the great customer service this hotel offers.
5	Truly an unique hotel along the Las Vegas Strip. Being one of the few hotels in Vegas without a casino floor, the Mandarin Oriental provides a more refined and relaxed atmosphere. Me and my wife went last week, and the level of service and attention to detail provided lives up to the Mandarin Oriental hotel group legacy. From the moment you arrive at the secluded hotel entrance (below street level so it's away from the bustle of the strip), you are greeted by impeccable service, with people to help with your luggage, valet car service, and direct you up to the 23rd floor check in. Once you check in, the degree of exclusivity the MO offers becomes apparent, as there is a separate elevator bank for guests that can only be operated with a key card.All the common spaces are infused with a relaxing and invigorating fragrance with citrus, floral, and aroma-theraputic undertones. When you enter your room, the lights and sound system have all been pre-set by house cleaning, with floral arrangements accenting the modern decor. From the bath salts next to the oversized tub, to the luxurious down pillow and comforters, the MO offers an unsurpassed degree of relaxation.
3	A spa feel...retreat from the rest of Vegas.  Walking distance to the rest of city center/Aria, to the casino.  If you have a car, $20 dollars A DAY for valet parking (required cause no garage for self service) on top of the resort fee!!  Not fair since every hotel on the strip has complimentary garage parking and/or valet!!The rooms were impressive, unfortunately I never used the tub.  Plus, I saw a stain on my duvet/blanket to my bed, which they informed me was from the iron.  BUT when she removed the blanket's cover and was going to put on a new cover...the blanket revealed MANY MORE STAINS!  OMG, I was about to puke.  Thank god the maid got a new one, well as far as I know it was at least stain free if not new.  Considering the hotel does not have a casino and there are no comps, I believe there is less people traffic, I would expect higher cleanliness.Cool part, they have an option of fitness classes/trainers for a small reasonable fee.
5	Mandarin Oriental, after the beautiful experiences with you this past weekend, how will I be able to stay at elsewhere whenever we are in Vegas? Everything was just perfect! I have high standards for hotel stays, Mandarin Oriental meets all my expectations, standards and even provides many more I don't expect! This is THE best hotel I have ever stayed so far! We got a greeting email regarding to our arrival and special requests for our weekend stay, how thoughtful, it made us feel very welcomed even before we arrived there! Mandarin Oriental is located in city center, but it feels more private and very quiet, with Aria and The Cosmopolitan around this hotel, it truly feels like a getaway from noisy & busy strip. Valet and luggage people took care of our luggage, showed us the way to elevator to get to hotel check in floor, they provide bottle water and wet towels at a table behind valet, how sweet! The check in floor is the same floor as Mandarin bar and tea lounge, the elevators to guest rooms and suites floors are separate from other elevators, only hotel guests have access, as well as fitness center, spa and pool. I love it, makes me feel very private and safe! Check in staff came to the front to greet us, provided cold tea to freshen us up from our journey, she was extremely nice and thorough, went through all the details, helped us push our late check out to 3 in the afternoon, led us to the hotel guests elevator, and wished us to have a pleasant stay, hubby tipped her $20 for her great help and service! Our room had a very nice Aria view, the room features and amenities were among the best of the best! Spacious closets with dressing mirror, in room safe with chargers, overnight shoe shine and laundry services, his & her bath robes and slippers. Amazing bathroom, a small TV in the mirror, his & her sinks, mini vanity station with jewelry box, flat hair iron, I didn't even need to bring my own next time! Soaking bath tub with bath salt, separate shower with nice bath amenities. They sure provide things other nice hotel don't have! Impressive! Very comfy king bed and pillows, nice lounge area with comfy sofa and couch by the window, complimentary tea, fully stocked mini bar, snack bar, the sparkling water and different juices were great with our own Grey Goose bottle, I had a few beer too. And they even provide a $10 intimacy kit for couples, sexy... We can see the bathtub from our bed, makes things even more intimate. They even put rose pedals in bath tub and on the night stand at turn down service, how romantic...I really love the cityscape room, I could only imagine how nice a suite would be... Definitely ask hubby to get a suite next time! The service of this hotel was just flawless, the things they provided were very thoughtful and sweet! This is definitely a luxury hotel for romantic weekend getaways. Casino and smoke free, quiet, relaxing, intimate in a lot of ways imaginable. Try the afternoon tea at tea lounge, if you don't like carbs filled snacks, just try some different organic teas, it's very refreshing after the previous night hard partying if you ask me! The mandarin bar is just next to tea lounge, they open at 4pm everyday, great views and drinks, some intimate lounging time late night or a cocktail before heading out somewhere else. Pool area is so quiet and private, so different from the other pools in Vegas, fitness center is great for fitness freaks like me even on a mini vacation, you need to swipe your room key at the front desk to gain access to fitness center, the spa is for peaceful and zen times to take a break from the drinking, noises and hard partying in Vegas! I really loved it this hotel was so quiet, we didn't even see too many people anywhere, seemed people don't even come to Mandarin Oriental to hang out. The check out luggage assistance and pulling our car to the front was the fastest we have ever had! Usually it takes long time at other hotels. This is just great for someone like me who doesn't like crowd and slow luggage & valet services! We got hungry on Sunday morning after our all night partying, ordered breakfast room service, smoked salmon bagels, fruits and french fries were delicious, mushroom and steak omelet was great, they put it in a container to keep it warm, in case we couldn't finish it, we could still have some when we wake up. This is what I call a true luxury retreat, yes it is possible even in the super loud and crowded Las Vegas! And of course you pay what they offer the best...No self parking, suppose you don't need to save on tipping valet if you can afford staying here? Parking is not free, $25 a day, resort fee each night, room rates starting at $255 on weekdays and $355 on weekends, suites are more expensive. Plus tips and room service, it's a lot even just for a weekend stay. Mandarin Oriental is a romantic luxury paradise in Las Vegas, I am in love with it! When valet told hubby to come back soon, hubby said " for sure!"
5	My husband and I stayed here for the second time this past week and we absolutely LOVE this hotel.  If you're looking for a nice, relaxing, zen like experience then this is the place.  They treat you like royalty here.  There is no casino, which I really like a lot because it keeps out the rifraf.  The access to the hotel is very inconspicuous, and check in is at the 23rd floor which makes everything really private.  It's right on the strip and within walking distance of Bellagio, Cosmo, Aria, NYNY, Planet Hollywood, and even has a CVS, Starbucks and Pinkberry right downstairs from the hotel.  After a night of partying and walking the strip, it's always nice to return to the calm and quiet of Mandarin Oriental.  The turndown service is awesome.  They tidy your room up, get your bed ready for you, leave flower petals on your bathtub, waters and glasses next to the bedside, and a flower in a ceramic bowl of water.  Sometimes they will leave complimentary fruit and dessert for you as well.  They have complimentary shoe shining.  There is a valet locker in all the rooms so if you need anything like ice or if you want your shoes shined you just call and request it.  They drop off the items in the valet locker and a message on your TV appears letting you know that there is something in your valet when it's ready.  They don't actually come into your room (so nice).  The pool is heavenly with nice cushioned lounges and infinity dipping pools.  They are constantly passing out little treats such as frozen fruit and fruity slushies in mini cups.  The private cabanas are really nice with big screen TV's, couches, snacks and drinks.  My husband have yet to rent a cabana, but we plan to next time we visit.  The list goes on and on about all the cool things about this hotel.  After experiencing the Mandarin Oriental, I can't imagine staying anywhere else for my future Vegas trips.
5	LOVED it here!  It's not the SkyLOFTS but it was wonderful!  It's strictly a hotel. No casino, no shopping.   People don't come and wander around like other casinos.  Upon arrival, the bellman greeted me and asked my name.  I took the elevator to the registration and as I was walking up they greeted me with my name.  A nice touch.  The rooms and bathrooms were beautiful.  This was the first hotel, besides the SkyLOFTS, that had a flatiron in the bathroom.  The toilet paper - top quality!  May sound silly but its not those single or thin double ply.  The dressing area, yes, a dressing area, not a closet.  It reminded me a small version of the SkyLOFTS.  A real nicety is that in the safe deposit box there are two electrical sockets so you can charge your items.  For turn down they put flower petals on your bathtub.  The bath salts smelled wonderful. All this in the standard/basic room.I went to the pool area and it was beautiful.  I didn't utilize it because it was soooo HOTTT outside!  Even in the shade.  The water wouldn't have made a difference to me.  I probably would have started sweating within 5 minutes getting out of the pool.Service is above and beyond.  I went to the bar and wanted to order a snack-pork belly.  I was informed that the kitchen is closed but will see what they could do.  I went back to my room and in about 15 minutes I received a call informing me that they will be delivering the food.  This hotel makes you feel like a VIP.   I've also stayed at the Wynn (overpriced for what it's worth), Bellagio (very nice casino hotel), Mirage (very nice mid range hotel), Palazzo (one step below the Mandarin for service but it's a casino), and the SkyLOFTS (a class by itself).  I will DEFINITELY stay here again and again and again!
5	Stayed at the hotel last year and had quite high expectations and Mandarin Oriental was not a dissapointment. We had a nice view of the strip from our room wich had two large beds and all technical things anyone could ever need like a "custom set alarm" where one set the preferences for the lights, curtains, music etc and what time the alarm with these settings will go of. It was nice waking up to the curtains slowly opening up and letting the sunlight in while the radio was playing soft music. The room had a large bathroom with a seperate shower and tub and of course it wouldnt be Mandarin Oriental without integrating a tv set in the mirror. One plus was the large wardrobe where we could get the luggage out of the way. All in all a nice, modern and sleek hotel experience with great service but since this is a non casion hotel its nothing for the big gamblers. Would love to stay here again.
5	I am a huge fan of the Mandarin Oriental properties worldwide. I have been to the Las Vegas property several times for cocktails on the 23rd floor and I have some friends who live in the Residences.The property is always clean, smells lovely and staff is very accommodating. I recently stayed here for a mini stay-cation celebrating a special event and the experience was definitely five stars.Poolside is lovely. Be sure to order the pineapple mojitos and the hummus plate (ask for vegetables instead of tons of pita bread).
5	Service. Service. Service.This hotel is above all others when it comes to service. Every single employee knew my name and that it was my b-day. They go above and beyond. All class.
5	Mandarin is by far the classiest hotel in Vegas. I had a terrific stay. The best service is provided. No casino.No crowds. No stores. No kids. Just relaxation and the utmost attention by their staff. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!
4	Yes. I am a fan. What a lovely, chill hotel in a sea of smoking insanity..Some come to Vegas to fill machines with coins. Some come to see the fights. Some come for a convention. Some come and have a Foodie ChillCation. Some want it all. Greedy bastards. And that will be my BF and me.. he likes the charge of Vegas, I want to get tourettes so I can twitch and curse at everyone while smoking a cigar if I have to file past the casino to get to the rooms or, god forbid, walk outside in the hot, packed, drunken streets. I finally realized that he and I could have it all and save myself from a melt down.I have been going to the Palazzo because I'm a Bouchon Whore. But then I turned into a Batali Whore and by the time that happened I opened up my palate to all these new Vegas chefs and realized that I'm just a food whore. But it all entailed me having to stay in these massive, impersonal casino driven Hotel Hells. The Mandarin Oriental is the answer!!! I  stayed in other hotels where they force you to walk through their nasty, depressing, smoke laden canyons that are the Casinos. Bleh. I don't gamble so I guess I miss the whole allure of sitting on a chair and stuff my hard earned money into a machine that is plugged into a place that can control who wins and who lost the house. But hey, that's me. I go to Vegas for the food and the pampering. You can get great deals (even at the Mandarin) and give yourself two days to renew by kidding yourself with fantastic food, spas and great sparkling pools to dampen you in the dry heat.The Mandarin Oriental Las Vegas has saved me!!  It is a fantastic hotel and you can read all sorts of details from the other Yelpers.I have a weird addition: the men who work there are much nicer, more authentic and more helpful than the women. Most notably at the pool where stubby girls of the  gum chewing attitude ilk await to be annoyed by you with canned responses.The guys? Fantastic and helpful: winkers every one of them.. I had a bumpy start at check in, too. I went online the night before (Saturday) and the morning of (Sunday) checking availability and prices (which will change online literally hourly).. I found a room for $275!! Awesome (for last minute on a big fight weekend, but it was Checkout Sunday). I didn't book on my silly phone, choosing instead to walk in an hour before my scheduled $400 spa treatment. Lily at the Front Desk said there were no rooms. None. Nada. except a couple of suites. I told her that I was just online with a $275 room. She said it was 'weird" and eyed me. Certainly not anything in that price point, only suites. Sorry.. Canned smiles, helpful nothings.  A few condescending"Awws.." when I tell her it's my birthday, etc.I sat on a pretty fluffy bench a few feet away and around the corner, clicked my iPad and booked my room right there for $275. Then I waited in a short line of people checking out and was called up by a very nice, helpful man who gave me my room number without a blink, although apologetic since the room wasn't cleaned yet.  Lily popped nosily into helpful guy's computer, avoiding eye contact and saying  "that's weird, you got a room.."  Yes. Weird.The rooms are sexy, the turn down service lovely. Gotta stay here if you hate the casino vibe. And yes I know that is the Vegas engine, but you don't have to suffer.
4	My very first stay at a Mandarin Oriental Hotel (I think!) and I was very pleased with the rooms and the location of the hotel. This is the only hotel I know of in Vegas without a casino...and it really does make a difference in the overall atmosphere. It is never difficult to find the elevators and the general feel is one of a more relaxing oasis in the middle of a very chaotic outside. It is nice to be in the chaos for a time, but when you want to rest, you can escape it all at The Mandarin. The proximity to Aria and the Crystal Shops mall is the best! Very easy to walk over and experience all the offerings over there and easily return to the Mandarin in the evening. I spent 2 days by the pool and felt that the pool staff gave the best service in the hotel. I never waited for bottled water, cocktails or food. I did order chips and salsa with guacamole that was really mediocre...surprising, I thought it would be better, guac tasted like it was previously frozen. I stayed in a regular room with a pool/city view that was really nice - of course. I would stay here again.
5	This non casino hotel is AMAZING.  Of course being Asian I feel like they made this hotel for me.  They definitely anticipate and provide everything plus more than you need.  The rooms are big, separate walk way for your closet, a bath tub and stand up shower, digital controls, great TV, complimentary water and shoe shine.When I walked in, the music started on its own and the curtains opened up to the view of the strip.  This is the best.
2	Hotel was beautiful, Junior Suite, very nice, staff courteous and helpful, but..........the suite was on the 4th floor having a wonderful view of the roof equipment and back of parapet.  Luck of the draw.  Happens, but.....what I was seriously disappointed in was that the day I arrive, the restaurant, bar, pool and jacuzzi are all unavailable as they are booked for a private party.  When booking three days before I had planned on swimming and using the hotel bar and restaurant as I had torn a ligament in my foot the prior week.  I have never heard of a hotel booking all their common area amenities to the exclusion of their other guests.  I am sure they were compensated well.  If they disclosed it I would have stayed at the Aria or Encore.
5	Globally the world knows MGM and Caesars has the best hotel/resort in Vegas. As a local the best is the Mandarin which is not a pinch tight operated old smelly trashy casino. Below that would be Encore Tower Suites and Comso, The Four Seasons is nice but the location sucks. This place has great staffing, service, facilities and LOCATION! I love the India touches too! I did eat at Guy Savoy and Joels for food and elsewhere for meals, pools and nightlife but is still the best place to stay.
4	Great hotel. No noisy or drunk guest running around. A peaceful place in the middle of sin city.
4	I love this hotel. It has been the only hotel I've stayed in during my last 4-5 visits to Vegas.Every time we go we think maybe this time we'll change and try a different hotel, only to say at the end, Nah... Let's just stick to the Mandarin.Customer service at the Mandarin Oriental is second to non. But for me the #1 reason I prefer this hotel is the fact the it does not have a casino. Therefore, you don't get the usual Vegas "Zoo" experience as you'd get when going to any other hotel/casino (even high end ones).The hotel has a very relaxed and chill vibe to it.No crowds, cigarette smoke, or party douchebags trolling about.The rooms are always clean.The amenities are great.Beautiful pool area.There is even a curtesy car (Mercedes S class) that is available on a 1st come 1st serve basis to take to anywhere you want (within reasonable distance of course) free of charge (you tip the driver).The only negative thing I could say about this hotel is that they don't have a ventilation system in their elevators. Vegas is HOT most of the year, and since you have to take two elevators each time you go in & out of your room (one from your room to the sky lobby which is on the 18th floor, and then a second one from the sky lobby to the entrance) those elevator rides can get pretty steamy. Not much fun if you've just taken a shower and by the time you get down to the lobby you're already sweaty...Overall great hotel that I would highly recommend if you are looking to REALLY relax during your Vegas vacation rather than trying to navigate your way around smoky casinos with hoards of people every time you want to go in & out of the hotel...
5	Lobby is on 23rd floor. Great bar on the 23rd as well.  Service is what you'd expect from the Mandarin Orientals.  The pool is quiet and away from the crowds.  The Mandarin is a little oasis from the noise of the Strip.  It's also just steps away from the ARIA, for when you're ready for all the hustle and bustle.
5	We had reserved a one bedroom suite and got upgraded courtesy of Amex to the Apex Suite! Wow what a stay, it was awesome.I love the hotel, was like a quiet oasis in the chaos of Las Vegas, especially after going to all the parties it was nice to go back to a nice and relaxed hotel. There is no casino and for me that is great!The spa is also a great spot to relax and its open until late.Food is probably the best compared to all the other Vegas hotels. Breakfast is great and all the other restaurants are so different yet all excellent.Will definitely stay here again when in Vegas!
5	Service, Luxury and peaceful rest sums this place up. My husband and I frequent Vegas a lot and this was our first time staying at the Mandarin...let me tell you it will NOT be our last. From the second I pulled up to valet it was pure and utter bliss. I read ALL the other reviews and the small complaints reviewers had, are more than made up for by the amazing service, beautiful surrounding, serene rooms and overall outstanding accommodations. I don't think I have slept that well....the linens were so soft and the bed so comfortable. I love the nightly turn down service which is an anomaly in Vegas because most hotels have SO many rooms. At the Mandarin they treat you like you matter and that having you stay at their hotel is a privilege to them rather than at most Vegas hotels where it is the reverse.  The concierge was so helpful with restaurant reservations and show tickets. My parting thoughts as there are so many things I loved about this hotel, but it was just an oasis from the strip, it was quiet and allowed you to recharge and the experience made you feel like your business was important to them. I have stayed at many luxury hotels in the world, but for some reason feeling like a VIP in Vegas where high rollers rule the strip, counts for a bit extra and here at the Mandarin they certainly deliver.
5	I've probably been to Vegas 50+ times and have stayed at all of the nicer hotel casinos.  The Mandarin is now at the top of my list because it is so nice and quiet.  If you've ever stayed at one of their properties you know how clean and peaceful they are.  While you are in the heart of the strip, when you are in the hotel you feel miles away.  No bells, whistles, slot machines or yahoos bumping into you with their mega cups of beer.  If you want to gamble, Aria is literally a 50 yards from the entrance of the Mandarin. Usually, when I leave Vegas the first thing I do when I get home is take a shower because of the funk in those casinos. When I got home this time, I felt refreshed.  For the  Vegas first timer, you probably want to stay at a hotel casino at least once.  For those that go there regularly, put the Mandarin on your short list. The hotel, the pool, the staff, the rooms, and the crowd are all first class.
5	Doesn't get any better than Mandarin Oriental. Honestly. Upon check in I realized I left my wallet in the car with valet. The front desk guy got valet to bring it up to me so I didn't have to move an inch. Uhm. That was super nice.Rooms are absolute 5 stars. Bath tubs come highly recommended ;) the hair dryers here are nicer than any hair dryer I've ever seen and I work in the entertainment industry so I've seen a ton. Rooms even have straighteners. Gotta love the mandarin bar. Sitting here reveling in the awesomeness that is the Mandarin Oriental. Delicious bar eats and stupidly awesome drinks.
5	Stayed here for a few nights and really enjoyed the hotel. Rooms were spacious and extremely comfortable. Wifey loved the hair dryer with the diffuser. She also loved the spa, she ordered the 1 hr massage but got (and was charged for) the 80 minute massage. I wish we were rich and could come here every month.
5	I'm giving a preemptive review based on a tour of the hotel and anticipation of staying there next time in Las Vegas.  This hotel is different than other hotels in Vegas as no casino or shopping.  This is an oasis of quiet sophisticated elegance that makes you feel so calm when your surrounded by the chaos of the strip.  You take an elevator to the reception area on the 23rd floor.  As you exit the lift there's a tea area and reception.  We chatted with the concierge  saying we were wanting  to tour the hotel and we were welcomed and they were happy for us to visit.  The hotel is very elegant and as we walked around we visited the pool area.  Very relaxing place and I look forward to staying here.
5	I stay here whenever I am in town. As a matter of fact, I stay at the M.O. when I am in D.C. as well, but the service here is second to none. The best part about their service is that it is delivered genuine enthusiasm and not forced. A hallmark of excellence.
5	The hotel was beautiful and our stay was nothing short of amazing! However, this review is for the salon...I went to the Mandarin salon during our stay at the hotel in September 2013.  I figured a hotel as nice as the Mandarin would have good stylist - I was right!  The concierge at the front desk was able to help me book a cut and color appointment with Jocette.  When I met with Jocette, she took the time to not only make an assessment for the needs of my hair, but offer suggestions on ways to make it look its best.  In the end, the cut and chocolate brown color she chose looked awesome!  But wait...she gets better!  I have been struggling to find a quality stylist in my home state of Hawaii, so I took a shot at asking Jocette if she knows any stylist on the island.  She contacted her friend that lives on Oahu and gave me recommendations.  This above and beyond service is something that will make me want to stay at the Mandarin for years to come.  Go see Jocette, she's fantastic!
5	Amazingly beautiful luxury hotel on the Las Vegas strip. Beautiful lobby, beautiful rooms, beautiful pool, great location in the city center, and fantastic service. We especially loved the Mandarin Oriental because they don't have a casino. This made the hotel very quiet and private and gave us the perfect place to retreat from the chaos that is the Las Vegas Strip! Definitely our new go-to hotel in Vegas!
5	MO is the STANDARD for Luxury in hotels!  Other Vegas hotels aren't even in it's class.  Every detail is taken care of, Every other good review I echo here.  Their customer service is second to none, and NO crowds and smoking and gimmicks!!!We attended an event at Caeser's while we were staying at the MO, when I walked in the door at Caesar's I asked their customer service rep where the ballroom was, he gave me directions and then held his hand out for a tip.  The MO staff would never act this way.  They love their jobs and never beg for tips, although they certainly deserve much more than I tipped!  Also, we visited some friends who were staying in Caesar's "Hangover Suite" (from the movie), it paled in comparison to our room at the MO which was a fourth the price (albeit less square footage).  We couldn't wait to get back to the MO.The driver of the MO hotel car (complimentary service if it's available) knows all the back roads and quickest directions to get places so you don't sit on the strip like when you take a cab with the meter ticking...There isn't enough time for me to say all the good things about this place, SKIP the rest and stay here:):):)
5	From the moment the valet opens the car door this place is magical!  All of the staff is lovely and so helpful. I think the best part was entering the room the first time and the drapes opened and music came on!  Brilliant.  Or it could be the bench to sit while in the elevator!! The Spa was amazing! Can not recommend enough in indulging yourself. The view of the strip from the bar & tea lounge is amazing...Can't wait to come back to Vegas and stay here!!
5	Thumbs up for hospitality!!!!! The hotel itself is beautiful...we were greeted like no other hotel...hot towel and tea at front desk during check in and gifts for kids...water bottles in the car from valet service ... Just amazing!
5	Best hotel ever! The most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in. The room is beautiful. Love the bathtub and tv in the bathroom. The shower pressure is so strong. The room is contemporary and has a view of the strip. They had a complimentary birthday cupcake waiting for me.
5	i would normally not be able to afford to stay at this hotel but thanks to a generous wedding gift, me and justin b were able to stay here for 2 nights during our most recent Vegas trip. i'm totally spoiled after staying here now haha. this hotel is the definition of luxury. upon check-in, you are greeted by name and even personally escorted to your room. the room itself is spacious and we were on the 9th floor overlooking the pool. the pool was still open to guests during the middle of november but it was a bit too cold for our tastes to try it out. maybe next time if there is one haha. the bed is super comfy and the room is high tech and most everything is controlled by a touchpad or on the tv screen. loved the blackout curtains so that we could sleep in and relax. the bathroom was amazing too! separate shower and tub and loved the shanghai tang brand shampoo/soap. best part of this hotel is the nightly turndown service! after a night out on the town, it was nice to come back to the room with the bed ready to be slept in, clothes folded and bottled water on the nightstand. everything from the staff to the room to the restaurant and bar here is exceptional! the only minor gripe is the 2 elevator approach to get to your room. lobby is on the 23rd floor so once you get there then you need to take an elevator back up or down depending on where your room is located. another bummer but didnt affect me since i flew into town is that valet parking is $20 at the hotel while most other hotels on the strip do offer that for free i think.
5	My second stay at MOLV this time with Mom. Mom was footing the bill on this trip and I will be forever grateful. One change since my previous visit is they now have a $25 resort fee-which includes internet/wireless, complimentary shoe shine. 6-8am coffee and the fitness classes. (My big gripe in 2010 was that these were extra)The Mandarin Group sets a VERY high standard so when a few tiny things are amiss it seems like a big deal (two nights we did not have turn down service, an item we ordered at breakfast was forgotten about) you are pretty quick to forget about it. We arrived the Tuesday before Thanksgiving and stayed until Monday and it is definitely more busy on the weekends. That being said it does not feel as crazed as a lot of the other hotels and that is why I would not want to stay anywhere else.Our room rate included breakfast and we took FULL advantage. (You still pay for tax and tip but they credit the food amount)So many things are now within walking distance thanks to the connection of the City Center complex, The Cosmopolitan, Caesars, and Bellagio.
5	The best place to stay on the strip to relax, indulge, and be away from the madness. The spa is a must as it is quite possibly he best spa in all of Las Vegas. I highly recommend staying here. I will certainly be back.   Even MOzen has a great and hearty breakfast and lunch. You can't go wrong!  And all the reviews about the awkward elevator system are stupid. Anyone can get the hang of it easily.
5	Stayed here over the weekend for a couples getaway and had a magical time. The hotel is gorgeous. The suite was amazing! We had a living room area, a bar, awesome view of the strip. The room was clean, beautifully decorated and everything from curtains, lights to electronics were controlled by a remote which made it so easy to set temperature, turn off the lights and close the curtains. The bed was super comfy, probably the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in. The bathroom was incredible - the tub was like a mini jacuzzi and there is a tv inside of the mirror so that you can soak and relax while listening to music or watching a show. We ordered room service and the presentation was beautiful and food arrived in half an hour. We made reservations at TWIST and this was the only disappointment my entire hotel stay, the food was overpriced and not great. I would skip this entirely next time. The bistro and room service food was great, so I was a bit shocked that the restaurant didn't exceed my expectations. Also, we went down to the bar one of the nights and it took FOREVER to get seated! This is the only hotel I will ever stay at from now on in Vegas. So zen and clean without the casino crowd riff raff.
5	Hanged out here in May 2013.  Incredibly lush, amazing service and superbly clean! When money is no object this is the place to stay.
5	Just started reviewing and my first review was a miserable encounter.  I was thinking "where have i been that was amazing"  Half a second went by... Good Grief!!! From the time we arrived, we were treated like royalty.  I was like"how do they know my name?".  Complimentary tea at check in.  They walk you to the elevator.  Entering the room, it comes alive.  Hard to explain.  You never see the help.  They wait until you leave to turn down the bed or for maintenance.  What is going on here? Pool and spa were outstanding.  Gym was state of the art, not for bodybuilders, but will get the job done.  Ok let me put it this way, they think of everything... an intimacy packet..lol.  This is the only place I will be staying at in Vegas the rest of my life.  Thank you Mandarin Oriental.
5	Unbelievable hotel. BEST service ever! Served us hot tea upon arrival, greeted us by name when we walked in, the curtains opened automatically when we walked into our room and they even have a valet closet! I strongly urge anyone that is in the customer service industry to visit here. The staff just has it down to perfection. We also ate at the hotel for breakfast and they had Vegan options, gluten free, and a GREAT menu selection. The prices are pricey and I'm ok with that because I'm getting EXACTLY what I want. Also love that there is no casino here and it is so peaceful the minute you walk in. Amazing rooms also. I could go on and on, but better for you to come try this place out instead of reading me rambling about it. :)
5	What else needs to be said, it's a Mandarin in one of the most luxurious cities in the U.S.  I've stayed at this hotel a few times and there's a reason to keep coming back.  I am such a HUGE fan of the brand and a bigger fan of this property.The location is at the beginning of the strip (the new cool part...not the chapel area).  The area is for the truly well appointed traveler and luxe lifestyle.  The best mall in town Crystals is less than a 5 minute walk and is home to the best shopping, bars, lounges and restaurants. The lobby is on a higher level with condos on the lower floors.  The registration desk area and resturants are all located on the top floors.  The hotel is SMOKE-FREE free of a casino and noise.Of course, the spa is one of the main attractions.  Soon as you hit the floor your senses are greeted with aroma therapy and dim lighting.  The staff has always been exceptional, always very pleasant and accommodating.The room is state of the art with all the luxuries a frequent business and leisure traveler will need.  Most rooms (if not all of them) have a valet closet ------ when you call for a service, you don't have to be disturb - housekeeping can leave the item in the valet closet.  The closet has a keyed door open in the hallway for staff and a door in your room.  Talk about convenienceYou will not be disappointed.
5	Visited for business and B day. Luxurious, well-appointed rooms ... doting staff ... NO Casino here... double-paned windows muffling the noise from the Strip ... it was truly an oasis in the frenzy that is Las Vegas.The location is at the beginning of the strip. The area is for the truly well appointed traveler and luxe lifestyle. The best mall in town Crystals is less than a 5 minute walk and is home to the best shopping, bars, lounges and restaurants.  The spa is spectacular- the therapists consummate professionals. I visited the pool and spa a few times.The lobby is on a higher level with condos on the lower floors. The registration desk area and resturants are all located on the top floors. The hotel is smoke free- free of a casino and noise. I don't gamble so this place is PERFECT!Each stay at the hotel is warm, posh, friendly, and a new experience each time
5	The best hotel I've stayed in so far! I was very impressed. Staying here has raised my standards of what luxury in a hotel really is. The home automation, relaxing bath salts, pleasant scents all over the hotel, turn down service that seems to know when you're gone and much more made our stay there such a great experience. I think they would even satisfy some of the toughest critics.I also had my first spa experience here and it was great. My favorite part was the steam room in which a spa attendant offered to add eucalyptus oil to the steam and a cool towel. With this being my first time in a spa, I asked why would I want that. The attendant laughed and said that he would bring them anyway and that I didn't have to use the towel if I didn't want to. I'm glad he did because they were very refreshing. I also enjoyed the tropical shower as well.
5	If you were the kind of little girl I was then you had some serious tea parties. I don't just mean putting hats on dolls and stuffed animals.  I mean you convinced your parents to actively participate and break out the special occasion china. Silver got polished!Everyone knows there will be three tiers of scrumptious snack sized foods. Furthermore, there will be a pot of tea.  The point is not to get full.  The point is to prevent hunger and be social.The price tag may look a little steep but here is why it was well worth the money:Service - AmazingView - BreathtakingOptions - Don't like tea? They have champagne & martinisTea refills - You will be given a fresh pot, properly steeped and strainedQuantity - You can always add an extra plate for a mere $5I must caution you on this. If enjoyed at a proper pace you will find their basic service quite filling.Please note:Reservations are recommendedChallenging to find - it is beside the CVS on The Strip nearest The Cosmopolitan. This is on the 23rd floor beside Reception.Gratuity is added automatically even for small partiesUnless you opt for a highly caffinated tea you will likely need a nap shortly thereafter.If it is your birthday, let them know!This is worth repeat visits.
5	A beautiful 5 star hotel with exceptional service and attention to details.  My husband and I stayed here for our anniversary and we were very impressed.  Our suite was lovely and had every amenity even a tech accessory kit and a valet closet.  We ordered room service and I was happy they offered a Japanese style breakfast in addition to the usual American menu.  This was a very quiet, adult getaway.  I didn't see anyone under 21 during our stay which was perfect since we just wanted to relax. In fact we never encountered anyone in the hallways which was so nice.   The staff greet us by name and there is never a wait for valet to bring up our car.  The Mandarin Oriental does not have a casino but is right next door to Aria so we could walk there if we wanted to gamble and adjacent to Crystals for shopping and dinning.   Highly recommend.
5	Amazing. From the moment we stepped out of cab until the morning we left (one little glitch with front desk at 4:20 A.M.) it was a spectacular stay. We were offered a double-category upgrade for a fee and took the bait. I was kind of bummed that we were only on the 14th floor- then I opened the door to the suite. As the door opened, double curtains on all sides, and in all rooms of our corner suite were swept back mechanically revealing views up and down the stip, the entrance and fountains at City Center and sweeping views of the maintains as a backdrop. We immediately ran a bath (long travels) in the free-standing oval soaking tub with waterfall faucet adding a heaping portion of the lavender-oil bathsalts sitting in a beautiful container next to the tub- we soaked and sipped champagne watching as the sunlight reflected reds, oranges and brown off of the mountains. Breakfast in bed twice- superb! Waffles came with a mix of fresh berries, honey, specially crafted walnut-pecan butter, etc. Had bowl of berries (blue, black, rasp, strawberry) which was fresh and sweet! Scrambles eggs w goat cheese, farm-style sausage, roasted tomatoes, hash browns and hickory bacon... Hot chocolate, hot teas, coffee, freshly squeezed pineapple, orange and grapefruit juices.. Let's put it this way: breakfast did not disappoint!Bedding, service, furnishings- everything- leaves mr looking forward to a return!
4	Spent this last weekend in Vegas, and enjoyed the Mandarin again.The con's:* NoneThe pro's:* Great location, close to the action, yet removed from it so you can get a break from the circus of the strip.* Premier room - Great size and view, nice having the additional and changing area.* Valet guys are great and always remember your name. They really welcome you with sincerity when you arrive. Nice, not over done but just the right amount of professionalism and sincerity.* Hotel is overall the most upscale we have seen on the strip. Great service and amenities.* The quests, odd but worth mentioning. The quests all seem to be more polite and upscale that other hotels. People smile and say hello when you pass them. No riff raff stumbling around drunk.* Skybar is THE BEST on the strip for a drink or snack. Best views and vibe. Crowded around 5-630pm, but after like 8pm there are more seats/couches available. We sat with the entire strip view in front of us and enjoyed our cocktails. Great crowd to watch.* The entire hotel is smoke free, such a nice touch. Nice to be able to walk through the lobby or bar and not stink of smoke. Really, who still smokes anyways?We will stay here again and make this our place in Vegas, just too nice to try another hotel and be disappointed.
5	LOVE. So peaceful on the busy Strip. I don't gamble and I don't smoke. My party days are dwindling and I generally come to Vegas now to eat, watch shows, relax, and sleep. I don't want to walk back to a smokey hotel casino. I don't want to go to a pool with a few hundred 22yo's screaming and stumbling around. I prefer a beautiful hotel that smells awesome, provides unmatched service, has a luxurious bed and bathroom, offers fantastic views of the Strip. C'mon, their lobby is on the 23rd floor! And you can rest your bum on a seat in the elevator. Don't get me wrong. I'm a poor grad student living mostly off loans but I know how to budget if I've got a big expense coming up. The prices are sometimes outrageous and I'm not going to stay here every time. I even park at the Aria for free and shamelessly walk over to avoid valet - that saves you 2 vegas drinks or a Costco-sized vodka! But splurging once in a while and treating yourself well feels soooo good. One day when money is no object...one can hope, right?
5	This place is amazing. It's centered in in the City Center Las Vegas, but if you want a hotel that oozes tranquility, this is the place for you. The beds are like white puffy clouds, once you lay on it, turn on the TV ... Good luck leaving your room. Even the bathrooms are so beautiful, you're bound to take a bath AND shower in just one sitting. Their pool side is amazingly quiet despite being centered in the heart of Las Vegas. The gym is good, and it's just... So perfect. AHHH I wish I could be there for days. Honestly you come here, and you may be tempted to stay in the hotel the whole time. There is no casino, but the calm sense that this hotel offers is such a rarity.Truly an amazing hotel and worth the price.
5	My first visit to the Mandarin Oriental, it is my new favorite Vegas hotel. (Sorry, Encore, I do love you, but M.O. is wonderful!). Elegant, first-class service and the perfect hideaway right in the middle of the City Center!Once you enter the hotel, you feel "elevated" (and not just because you must take an elevator up to the main lobby). I mean "elevated" as in "treated with respect." Customer service is top-notch. The hotel interior is dreamy-beautiful and you won;t want to leave!Truly, you feel as if you have escaped the crazy roller coster ride of Las Vegas for luxe comfort and relaxation.You must go to their bar, perched high above the Strip. Commanding views of the lights and the hustle-bustle down on the street. Order an exotic cocktail and dress glamorously! I did not dine in the restaurant as I had other commitments (boo-hoo), but I did have a fabulous massage in their Spa. I scheduled a massage after check-out and then enjoyed a final view of the cityscape from the whirlpool. (It doesn't get any better than this!)They knew my flight was taking off shortly, so afterwards  they whisked me down to their town car and off to the airport. Yes, I am now a fan : )
5	I love this place, if you book with a decent amount of notice it's very reasonable. Service is impeccable, rooms are so lovely and often they will make the effort of adding rose petals to your bath tub. Perfect whether a romantic get away or just wanting to stay somewhere in style. The bar is also great, staff are knowledgable on drinks. I can't complain!
5	No question one of the best hotels  if not the best in Vegas.  I'm sure the MO is great in other cities also.  It stands out so much more so in Vegas given that it avoids the smoke filled casinos and associated crazy patrons that they attract.  Checkin was a breeze as was the valet area.  It made me appreciate how much more relaxing the lobby checkin MO was when we saw the hoards lining up at MGM and other hotels on the strip.Service is impeccable.  Pool is fantastic.  The fitness facilities are nice with free yoga and fitness classes.  Mary Jane runs a particularly energy intensive yoga class versus a more meditative one offered by the other instructor Susan on the weekend.Mozen Bistro is pretty good but you will pay a bit for enjoying a smoke free dining experience.
5	Hands down my favorite hotel in Vegas. The MO franchise continues to impress me with how they effortlessly blend their Far East zen-and-beauty identity into any environment. MOLV is no exception, as it defies odds by being a peaceful oasis in the middle of a sinister desert (literally) that is Vegas. Upon arrival, we were thoughtfully greeted by the concierge (who offered us tea during check in). When we entered our room, the windows automatically pulled open and a brilliant glance of the Vegas strip was readily in front of us. Rooms are spacious and the amenities plentiful. Bathrooms include both a standing shower and a huge bathtub (not to mention two sinks...a true luxury). The bed is so comfy, especially after a long flight out west/non-stop gambling.While MOLV does not have a casino itself, there are too many near by for matter. Aria is walking distance via the sky bridge, and Monte Carlo (among others) are all within a 5 min walk.Some other things to love:Wake up in the AM and take a dip in the pool. Not your typical pool park, but big enough to relax and roam around. There are a mix of jacuzzis and swimming pools to enjoy from.Breakfast at MOzen. Simple but flavorful Chinese (and Western) breakfast. Prices are up there, but definitely worth your hangover cure/detox. Get up early, eat the congee, and conquer the day at casinos around the strip!Janice - this review is dedicated to you :)
5	This hotel and the customer service is exceptional!!  We stayed here 2 nights for my sister's Vegas wedding.  Upon arrival our hotel room was not quite ready for check-in so they arranged for us to go to one of their restaurants, Mozen, and each of us got an appetizer and cocktail on the house.  The rooms are immaculate!  My husband and I stayed in the regular guest rooms which included such features as central control temp, tv, lighting, sleep and alarm functions.  I cannot say enough about how comfortable their beds are!!!  I have already looked into buying the Simmons mattress that we slept on!  There is no casino in this hotel so if you are there to gamble this may not be the place for you but it's a short walk to hotels with casinos.  For us, the quiet atmosphere was a nice break from the sensory overload the town is famous for.  Again, the major plus to this hotel is the accommodations and the outstanding service.  We would recommend it to anybody!
5	GORGEOUS hotel.GORGEOUS lobbyGORGEOUS tea areaGORGEOUS restaurantsGORGEOUS roomsGORGEOUS hallwayshahaha.  ok ok.  totally love this hotel. was able to stay here on company's dime for a meeting that we had at MO.  service was superb from before we arrives, during the trip and after we left.  follow up and follow thru.  hotel room was spotless, beautiful and just all around NICE.  no casino, no smoke smell, no rush of ppl in and out.  even at valet and taxi area, we did not encounter a long line.  the guys at the lobby and taxi remembered us and we were only there for 3days, 2 nights.  just perfect all around!  will definitely come back.
5	Gorgeous room and fantastic service! The bed is the comfiest I have ever slept in! I love their shampoo: Shanghai Tang. Smells sooo good! It was a nice quiet retreat from the craziness on the strip. Definitely will stay there again!
5	Beautiful hotel, perfect for a secluded getaway on the LV Strip! Service is world-class...
5	Definitely one of the finest hotels in the world...I'm so glad we stayed here, we will definitely be back!!!
5	I will start by saying this was the best hotel I have stayed in Las Vegas. The attention to detail really justifies the premium price they charge their guest. I stayed here after finishing marathon in Death Valley ( yes I know I am a badass) and to be quite honest, my stay at this hotel was one of the reasons I hurried my butt to that finish line so I can sit and enjoy in my room looking at the gorgeous view of the Las Vegas strip.  From arrival I loved how the staff greets you and takes your keys in the valet with two hands and with a bow. As an Asian man this is the type of service I expect when I'm in the Asian region but to get this type of service here set me off to a good mood despite how sweaty and maybe even smelly I was from my epic marathon. The staff are not pretentious at all ( unlike the snobs working at that pseudo 5 star encore) .  Getting to the lobby itself you have to go on the 21st floor and since not a lot of people are there it felt very exclusive. So we checked in and then we were escorted to the room by a nice lady and she gave me our room keys with two hands and a bow.   (Very impressed so far)What impressed me the most was my lady and I broke our bottle of wine we brought up. The staff right away came up vacuumed and gave us a complimentary wine to replace the one we broke (out fault) by accident.  Now that's something I call going above and beyond. Something that many five stars fall short off...My experience at the mandarin oriental Las Vegas really made me a Fan!!!!!
5	This might not look as fancy as the Wynn from the outside, but the inside of this hotel is gorgeous! Luxury at its finest. It sort of blends in w/ Aria & Vdara, being that it's a big tall glass building, but don't let that deceive you.Initially when we first went in, we were a little lost because the lobby had nobody downstairs to greet you and direct where to go. We just followed other ppl into the elevator. The elevator was confusing at first because it didn't have different floor #'s like most elevators (1-30,etc) It was just like 3 buttons (sky lobby, some other stuff I forgot). It's easy to get lost here, but the staff are so professional, friendly, and helpful.We went to their tea lounge and it had a great view of the strip! It's a chic yet classy asian themed hotel. Like most have said, there are no loud toursists and casino in here. It's a getaway from your getaway in vegas haha. Very quiet inside and peaceful, gives a zen like vibe! The rooms are really clean and you even get bath robes :D
5	Best hotel I ever stay!! Very professional and friendly staff. Quiet and luxurious. Worth every penny you pay.
4	Love love loved this hotel. My room was perfect. So perfect! From my raised bathtub  with bath salts on the sides, to the shades that open when I open my door, to my extra large wardrobe (that I never used). My bed was heavenly. Absolutely wonderful. My Strip View was also insane. I don't even know how to express the breathtaking views.Service was excellent, for the most part.So why 4 stars? Well, we got there on Monday at 3pm and our rooms still weren't ready (3 p is check in time). They offered us complimentary lunch, However, once up there, service was SO SLOW. We had meetings, unfortunately we were on business so this was frustrating.Also, after that experience, there was a remote debacle where my remote went missing from my room my second night there. How and why did this happen, especially since the entire room is CONTROLLED by the remote- lights, blinds, TV, wake up call.I phoned the front desk and they told me that a service request had been put in the night before (when I was still there) to have the remote replaced... it was not replaced, but just taken. The best thing they could do to help was to send a mechanic to my room at that time- it was 2 am..No thank you.Overall, great experience, but could have gone a bit smoother.
5	I stayed here for one night on March 29, 2014 in a regular King room. The hotel itself is right on the strip in the CityCenter complex and is literally in the middle of all the action. However, you'd never know how busy it was outside by the calmness and serenity that you feel once you enter the hotel. All the staff are focused on one thing: making your trip as amazing as possible. Once you arrive, checking in is a breeze. Taking the elevator to the Sky Lobby on 23 is a quick ride (and there are seats in the elevator in case you are tired from walking all day). The check in process is quick, and they will give you a small shot of iced tea and a cold towel while they explain your room. You then take your elevator down to your room's floor and then enter your own slice of heaven. The decor may be understated compared to some of the other strip 5 star properties, but everything is there when you need it in the right space. Everything in the room is controlled through your tv remote. Even the bathroom lights. (luckily there are physical switches for lights too). My room was extremely quiet, even though it was on the 4th floor facing the strip. Don't even get me started on the beds. Probably one of the nicest hotel beds I've ever slept on.Some tips: Valet Parking is NOT included. Yes, that's weird for vegas. You can self park at Aria and walk to the hotel after unloading your bags.If you don't want to go up to the sky lobby to change elevators to leave the hotel, you can just go to the third floor and change elevators there.
5	Perfection. Come here. You will be treated like Royalty. I will never want to stay anywhere else in vegas, ever. Period. Room: Beautiful, comfy heavenly beds, lighting schemes (including vanity for the ladies), digital room controls, raised giant tub with bath salts and dual shower heads. Amazing!Service: they never say no and ask what else they can do for you while finishing every sentence with "Mr. so and so" or "Miss so and so". Need I say more?Spa: A dream. Message was to die for and everyone here is SO FREAKIN NICE! The spa area was either nudie or bathing suit, I asked the lady what most people so and she said about 50/50. I enjoy going to k-spas and being naked (heh) so I was worried people might snub nose me in my bare skin walking around. But t my pleasant surprise, the 4 other girls in there were not clothed either. Very relaxing! Saunas, pool, relaxation room, showers...all amazing. Try all the settings in the Rain Room. What a hoot! I had water shooting at me from every angle, SO fun!Oh ya, and no casino. For us non gamblers, it was nice to have this place as a true retreat from the noise and smells of the strip. It was like coming home. Thank you Mandarin for spoiling us rotten!!!
5	After almost a year I was able to return to one of my absolute favorite places in Las Vegas.This time I didn't get a pre-arrival email so I started panicking. I also called a few days before to schedule a spa treatment on the day I was checking in and I was concerned I couldn't get to charge the spa charges to my room (AmEx FHR gives $100 spa credit at Mandarin Oriental) so I called them. Originally the guy over the phone just told me he would link my spa treatment to my itinerary and I could check in at 300pm, but he checked the hotel status and indicated since they were fairly open, I would be able to check in well before my spa treatment at 1. More on this later.I arrived at Porte Cochere and the doorman got the door to my taxi. He inquired my last name and said, "Welcome, back Mr. P"Um what? From just my name? Okay.I got into the elevator and I didn't have the feeling this was another stay, it felt more like I was returning home, to my second home. Sounds very snooty, but that's how I felt, and that's how the staff makes me feel.I arrived at the 23rd floor, for the Sky Lobby and there was an agent in the cross paths to help guests and he saw me, and with no word from me, "Welcome back Mr. P"Interesting.All the front desk agents were busy at when I got there but after Patrick was finished he waived me over. I told him I called a few days before to see if I can check in early, I passed him my ID and credit card and he checked. Patrick was very efficient, and friendly with his services, locating my reservation and checking me in. I shouldn't be surprised but he already had all my room preferences available and was able work quickly, yet not feel rushed. He continued with explaining my FHR benefits, the upgraded room, and handed me a letter from the concierge that stated my spa treatment.A cold towel and a shot of peppermint tea later I migrated to the guest elevators and to room 1803.Did I already explain this? First time you enter your room at Mandarin Oriental, the whole room opens up, like its presenting itself to you. Big plush king bed, nice fantastic view of the strip, and a bathroom that will make you go awe. There was a melted bucket of water so I wanted some ice, and I called the front desk. Admittedly I should've called housekeeping but I wasn't in my right mind, and Patrick answered and I explained my predicament. Ice plus turn down service at ~7 please.Maybe 10 minutes later I hear my door bell ring. One of the agents came by with a gigantic bucket of ice and a fruit tray with pralines as a "compliments from [his] GM" I thanked him and he left and I was shocked. A handwritten letter from the GM thanking me for staying again and wishing me well.I headed down to the 8th floor for the spa, and as I checked in, well this time I gave them my name, again "welcome back Mr. P"I'm beginning to like this. That's like most of what I wanted to say about my stay at the Mandarin Oriental. The rest of the stay was amazing. My friends who were staying in other hotels preferred hanging out in my room after dinner simply because it's a relaxing place to be, and it's different. In a good way. Friendly employees, amazing room. I mean yes my valet closet didn't work as expected, some of the towels were a bit... old, and they still haven't changed the stupid control iPad-like thing, but the whole experience is lovely.Try your hand at this hotel, it's a getaway within a getaway, and you'll be treated like royalty at almost every step you take in the hotel.  Yes I still feel like one of the doorman (not the one who opened the door to the taxi the day I checked in) has a strong animosity towards me.Cheers! I hope your stay is just as wonderful as mine, I for one can't wait to return.
5	This hotel is on the strip, walking distance to everything, but calm and quiet. The rooms are gorgeous. (amazing bath tub with rose petals left on your towel) The bar has an amazing view and delicious cocktails! I can't wait to stay here again and enjoy some pool time!
5	While it's literally on the strip, it's such a quiet sanctuary from all the hustle and bustle of the stripSeriously the best quality and service I've seenThe rooms are amazing
5	I live in City Center where MO is located so I visit the pool cafe often . The food is great & service  is excellent . Silviya is a lovely server .
5	When Britney Spears announced her residency I knew we'd have to soon spend a weekend to go over and see her perform.  But, sorry PH, weren't going to be staying at the same place as her venue.  After some searching we chose the Mandarin and were not disappointed.We left after work on Friday and that meant flying in late.  I booked a car service both to and from the airport.  It was really great to have a driver there waiting for us.  He was super friendly, helpful and started us off right in Vegas.We booked a Cityscape suite and it was ready to go once we arrived.  After a quick stop at the check in desk and with some help from the super fast bell service we were settled in our room.  Even without the "strip view" we could still see a good part of the strip and City Center, which was plenty of a view for me.  After several trips to Vegas I can do without the strip view and would rather get a more peaceful room.  The room itself was a great size with tons of windows.  Thankfully all the blinds are electronic, because opening and closing so many would have been quite the chore.  The bathroom was a great size and I wish we were staying a bit longer so we could have enjoyed the soaking tub with the great city view.  My only issue with the bathroom was the pretty much see through doors.  Not really a big problem for us, but might be a bit awkward if you weren't already quite close.  The bed was comfortable and we slept in a quiet environment every night.Both mornings we enjoyed room service for breakfast.  I loved seeing the different breakfast combinations.  Normally the only combination is an american breakfast and I didn't even have to get this either day.  My girlfriend wasn't as adventurous, but did not go wrong with the american breakfast.  All of our dishes were delicious and the breakfast service could not have been any better.  All our items arrived within an acceptable time window and nothing was ever missing or wrong.  Good job Mandarin on the great room service.With such a short stay and before pool season we didn't get to enjoy much else of the hotel.  I did get in a good workout and the hotel has a really great gym.  Next time we'll have to try the spa.  I had to walk by it to get to the gym and the spa reception looked very inviting.The hotel location also could not be any better.  We were a quick walk to PH for our show. But the real good part is being right next to the Crystals and Aria.  This really opens up the food and entertainment options.The Mandarin Oriental was a really great hotel experience in Las Vegas.  The room was really good and the service was excellent.  It'll be tough to choose anyone else when we're back in Vegas.
5	Mandarin was my first experience at a boutique hotel. The room was booked under special circumstances being that I was business guest for a red carpet event. The room reminded me of an open floor plan in a glass tower condo. Perhaps it was the walk through closet, the homey office set up, or just how quiet it was inside compared to the Vegas mayhem outside. Everything was separated by a mix of clear glass and marble, including floor to ceiling windows. The bathroom had dual sinks with rose petals set up for the whale-sized bathtub. They had great amenity options including a flat iron. But above all, I appreciated the locked valet closet, because how counterintuitive would it be to force your guest to answer the door in the midst of trying to get their relaxation on?On my down time, I went for a swim and a quick bite at the hotel pool. I liked that it was quiet while staff was attentive. The food was good but the drinks (smoothies) were the selling point! Upon exiting, I did get a little confused to the elevator set up. For dinner I called into concierge for recommendations. He was very professional and listed restaurants by food genre, not by opinion. He also confirmed the table reservations so all I had to do was look pretty and walk out the door with an empty stomach. Mandarin offered the New Vegas experience, one that wasn't trailed by the sounds of slot machines and the smell of cigarettes embedded into the walls. For the purposes of my trip, it was the perfect private hotel to unwind in.
4	The Mandarin was the perfect choice as we ventured to Vegas to celebrate my boyfriends birthday. We are not huge gamblers so it got us away from the smoky, noisy casinos and transported us to an oasis of tranquility. Every single employee was friendly (but not overly so), attentive and eager to help. Everyone from the Bellmen, Front Desk agents, Maintenance (we needed help hooking up our iPhone to surround sound), to restaurant and lounge; gave us awesome service. These people understand what it means to exceed expectations!Breakfast was delicious and we enjoyed being served by Alex each morning (we were actually disappointed when we didn't see him on our last day). Alex not only remembered our names, he knew what we liked to drink. Everyone else was great, but he stood out. The spa was AMAZING! Unfortunately we had reservations for dinner and couldn't stay to really take advantage of the steam room and other amenities after our couples massage. The Strip View suite was spectacular!  Remote controlled curtained. Lighting, etc and quite spacious with beautifully appointed decor.  The bed was nice and comfy. I would have given the Mandarin 5 stars if we hadn't had such an issue with internet. Basically it didn't work the entire time we were there (Wednesday night- Sunday morning). Luckily, we weren't there for work but this would have been a HUGE problem if I needed to be productive. Overall, it was a great experience and I highly recommend this hotel if you are looking for a quiet and relaxing stay in Vegas.
5	PHENOMENAL STAFF - OUTSTANDING FOOD = ANOTHER GREAT STAY AT LAS-MOAfter spending another 4 days at the Las Vegas Mandarin Oriental I cannot imagine staying at any other hotel on the Strip. You will NOT find better staff anywhere on the Strip - from Glenn, Casey, Eric & the others at the Bell Stand to Henry, Vildan and others at the Front Desk to an amazing Housekeeping Staff - they are all Phenomenal. The LAS-MO is located in front of Aria and is nicely secluded behind trees and is a sanctuary from the craziness of the Strip. If you look at my previous posts about the LAS-MO you can see shots of the room and hotel itself. I will post pictures this time from lunch at the pool - awesome Turkey BLT - and their Classic American Breakfast at Mozen Bistro, also awesome & filling. If you're looking for a getaway to LAS but don't want the hassle of huge hotels that remind you of shopping malls, check out the Mandarin Oriental.
5	Mandarin Oriental was voted #1 hotel in Vegas by Tripadvisor and I will admit, it had a lot to do with me wanting to stay at this place. Then out of the top 10 luxury hotels in US, this place was voted #6. Not bad, if you ask me! Also, I don't gamble so no casino in the lobby = no second hand smoking issues = happy Cindy. It was high season but my mother-in-law wanted to come out here in May so rooms are a little steep this time of year in Vegas. I think it was worth it though because I had an excellent stay here. I brought my kids since my parents-in-law haven't met my youngest baby yet. And since Vegas has gotten very kid friendly in the last few years, we didn't see it as an issue. I got here and was greeted with a beautiful smile from Holly (I think that's her name). They had a plate with a warm towel, tea and an orchid for me. It was beautiful! Then they escorted me to my hotel room, got my bags and valeted my car. I thought I died and went to heaven when I walked through the lobby. We came into our room and saw that it was a great view of the strip. The thing I noticed about staying in nice hotels in Vegas is that, you always get views of the old, ugly hotels. When you stay in the ugly hotels, you get views of the nice hotels. Oy. So I got to see the travel lodge down there, but also got to see Aria, Paris, Caesar's Palace, a few nice hotels. The luggage guy brought our bags up and showed us how everything worked in our room. Including the tv that was built into the mirror in the bathroom. I admit, I watched it everyday while getting ready and while taking a bath in their HUGE tub that fits 2 people, with your legs fully extended! My husband and I took a bath with their lavender bath salts every night and we were both able to sit in there, without having to bend our knees. The pool is really nice and isn't too busy. There's two outdoor pools and one in the spa area. We were there, lounging by the pool everyday, having drinks. It was really nice. I loved every bit of it. The sky lounge upstairs is really cool and has great views of Vegas. We ended up going to the lounge both nights, we liked it so much. The tea lounge is a little pricey for the english high tea for what you get, but it was fun to enjoy it with my family. The service was wonderful and the place was immaculate. I think I found my "IT" place to stay when I'm in Vegas. I can see why they call this place the Zen City. They said that the place was fully booked but it was always so quiet! Best of all, it's located in City Center, my favorite area of Vegas.
5	Every time I go to Vegas I have a better time than my previous experience. This was no different. Frankly, I don't know if it will be possible to top this past stay. The Mandarine Oriental is impossibly gorgeous. Breathtaking view from our room and even better view from their bar (good enough to take the 'cover photo' slot on my Facebook page). We spent a lot of time at the pool and the kids loved it. I brought some floaties for the kids and I was half expecting someone to ask me to leave, but the staff was very friendly and they were cool with it. Good stiff drinks and some complimentary slush. We had an absolute blast. There's really no reason to leave.
5	What can I say that you haven't read in previous posts? I loved it's calming atmosphere( yes, I know I was in Las Vegas). But it was really nice, quite and serene which I prefer. The  best thing I think about this hotel among its many great qualities is the bar that overlooks the city. Wow! The view is spectacular, the drinks are top-shelf, and the whole "vibe" was just stupendous. My only complaint is the live music they played ta the bar. I think the noisiness wasn't and isn't needed or warranted for this type of bar. In any event, if you like serene, great serenity, service, view and amenities, this place is a real treat. I didn't want to ever go.
5	We thought we would try the Mandarin because we thought it would be nice to stay in a hotel without a casino.We were right about that, but the fact is that the service at the Mandarin is heads and tails ahead of every other hotel in Vegas I have ever stayed at. The restaurant is great, the spa magnificent. The yoga is included and also very good. Room Service was perfect every time and the lounge upstairs has a great view and did I mention how good the service was from the valet to the bellhops, reception, waiters, spa attendants and masseuse's. It was truly the best service we have had in a long time anywhere.It is quite a bit more expensive, but it is worth twice as much as the charge.Stay here. Can't miss.
4	Attended the JCK and could not get into the FourSeasons.So we gave MO a try due to Amex 4th night free special.Well the rate for weekday and Week end is very different.Also the pool cabana was 350 weekday incl food and bev,weekend 550 just the use of space.  ouchThe service is wonderful and the atmosphere is peace and tranquil, notVegas which was nice.The only complaint was the on Saturday at 750/night , we left the room at 7:30 AM and returned at 5PM andhouse keeping just arrived to clean.  She apologized for the delayand did a wonderful job, but that was not a 5 star expectation.The afternoon Tea was good with quite a selection of sconesand pastries.  The food in the pool and room service was excellent.We did enjoy the pool cabana Thursday at 350 which was excellent.But passed ( or passed out ) on the weekend charge and due to limited shade available.The rooms were clean and efficient in design and function, not verylarge but but very clever layout and use of space for optimal placement.
5	One of the most flawless hotel experiences outside of Hong Kong and Dubai you will ever enjoy.When I stay at hotels in the United States sadly my expectations are far lower than when I travel to Asia as service rarely is comparable. But had an amazing stay as always. There may be other scenic hotels in Vegas but none have come close to the level of service that the Manadarin always provides. Always stay in one of the suites, my favorite being Taipan, which boasts amenities galore and often dine at Twist while there. Between that and the spa it is a refreshing getaway and on more than one occasion have stayed on the property during the entire stay.
5	I love that the hotel does not have a casino. It is the first time I have stayed at a hotel on the Las Vegas strip and do not smell like an ashtray when I come home. The rooms are beautiful and clean. The pillows and bedding were clean and simple. The shower and bath tub were huge. It was almost like having a small swimming pool in our room.  The television in the bathroom was a nice touch. The staff was all very helpful without being snobby.
4	First and last impressions were very impressive indeed. The front door service, which I have say, are above and beyond my expectations. Each time we went in/out, the staff were helpful, kind and entertaining. The front desk/concierge service were all responsive. As we had expected, asked of their local knowledge and personal honesty of various establishments we inquired of (restaurants, shows, bars, etc.) are always welcomed at which some hotel concierge unfortunately don't live up to that standard, the Mandarin does. We didn't stay long enough to experience the spa, which we plan to visit in the future. I and cannot give any negative critiques about their service. Our room was beautiful, quiet and clean. I enjoyed that when we return to our room after dinner/evening outing that our room is almost romantically set with their unique serene music playing, lightly fragranced with a spa-like scent and bed turned down. How can one not be relaxed? Worth every penny.
4	This hotel is awesome! It's gorgeous inside! The elevators are confusing. The first set you go to takes you to the lobby (23rd floor). Then you have to make a left out the elevator and take a second one to your hotel floor. I love that it's casino and smoke-free. By far the most peaceful feeling hotel on the strip! We just parked at Aria's self-parking structure and walked over.
5	The best hotel in Las Vegas for relaxation. Everything about the property is great, besides it's dinning options. The room is exceptional,awesome views, comfortable bed, the gym is nice, the pool area is on the smaller but relaxing, and staff have all been super nice and welcoming. The whole hotel has a calm and relaxing vibe. If only the food was as great as everything else then I would want to live here, lol.
5	My first experience with Mandarin Oriental started at Singapore traveling with friends. So when it first opened at Vegas, I already had my eyes set on it! The overall design was AMAZING and really impressive!! I luv having separate area: entrance w/mirror and sitting area to take off my shoes, see thru bathroom with shutter and resting area! It is definitely good feng shui!!
5	The Mandarin Bar features some of the most stunning views in Las Vegas.  The hotel itself is quite elegant.  My bf took me here on our first date and the night was memorable.  This is the hot spot that I always take my friends & family from out of town to for a cocktail and appetizers.  Even some of our locals haven't discovered this hidden gem.  Next, I plan to check out their tea room.
5	In the center of all the hustle and bustle of city center lies Mandarin Oriental, the epitome of luxury and relaxation. It's a global chain but when we stayed, we were made to feel like the only ones there! The service is beyond compare everywhere in this beautifully designed hotel. We were recognized and greeted by name almost everywhere we went, from valet to the spa. The rooms were thoughtfully appointed with all you could want and need; the bed is heavenly; the bathroom is stocked with the basics, plus extras that really send a girl over the moon like bath salts, a hair straightener, and a loofa. The pool is calm and relaxing with comfortable loungers. The bright and open spa is among the best in the world with unrivaled amenities and service in the most beautiful setting. And the views from the public areas including the tea room and Mandarin Bar are breathtaking. My husband and I plan on making this an annual staycation because it was so special. It's hard to believe we can achieve such relaxation and receive world class service only 15 minutes from home. I hated to check out, but all of this comes at quite a price so we'll stick to annual weekend escapes here.
5	This rating is for the Mandarin Bar and staff as I only went there for a drink... and interacted with security (got your attention)????Friday night.... live jazz playing. But not just any jazz... but Yo Digety! Whaaaa!  Yes they were raising the roof with some 90's hip hop with their own twist. Not something you could grind to on the dance floor, but it made for fun listening.They sat us by the window...great view of the strip lights at night. It was beautiful. Complimentary tray of snacks... nut mix, Wasabe nuts, and almonds. The waitress warned us about the Wasabis being hot. That's an understatement. Even if you enjoy spicy food...don't eat them! They will burn your face off.Drinks... tasty and made with top shelf.. it was $18 for a diet coke and vodka.I realized when I was across town that I had left my credit card behind at their bar. I told them I would be in the following day at noon to get it.  The following day I went to their registration desk.. which is beautiful too!  They offered me a water while I wait. Security brought my credit card out. They had written a report, and I had to sign stating I had received my card back. They checked my ID, and asked for the DNA makeup of my first born. Kidding. They were thorough and I appreciated that. The little time spent there defiantly makes me want to stay there. The service is absolutely top rate.
5	throwing the gauntlet down: this is the best hotel I've ever stayed in thusfar. from beginning to end of our stay, it was amazing. if you recall Bond's trips to Asia in "Skyfall" it has that look and feel, and you'll feel just as awesome for having just stayed here.no casino in this hotel keeps the ruffians out!so far as food goes, there's a decent bistro and a nice little coffee stand. we didn't eat at the French place, but it looked sweet.whole list of luxury spa treatments available. I didn't get to try, though my wife is, so see her upcoming review for details.the pool area - well, they have multiple pools. decent sized hot tub too. clean pool area and great poolside drink/food service. the "spa water" drink - vodka, muddled watermelon, and simple syrup - was delicious and refreshing on a hot summer day. little tables with Velcro-secured compartments so you can store your stuff.the staff here were amazingly friendly and helpful in every aspect. I inquired about getting a straight razor shave, and when the concierge found out it was the one thing the spa DIDN'T offer, he called multiple barbers at other hotels to try and find me a timeslot somewhere - ultimately, it didn't fit in the schedule, as it was too last-minute, but I appreciate the effort.oh, yeah, the rooms. the bed was ginormous and comfortable. switches everywhere to control lighting, music, and so on. instead of an alarm clock, a tablet with a clock, calendar, and room controls built in. huge-ass tub in the bathroom, two sinks, private stall and shower sections. free WiFi, and not only was there a whole A/V input panel to connect for various media, there was an "A/V Bug-out Bag" of chargers and cables.it's costly but not radically expensive. on a holiday weekend, it was actually only slightly more to stay here than the Bellagio and I felt the accommodations were much better than what we'd get there (which is crazy, because Bellagio is one of the better hotels on the Strip!).come here. drop the cash. feel like a king. you only life once, so why be a chump?
5	Beautiful roomTop notch serviceAmazing SpaAway from the loudness, gambling, chaosThere's nothing I could possibly complain about here. Loved it!!!!
5	Everything here is perfect. My husband and I stayed here for an anniversary trip & the service was outstanding! From the moment we arrived every single staff member was amazing! We enjoyed the pool area so much, relaxing and not your typical Vegas pool. I enjoy the Wynn & Encore hotels before I found this gem! There's a huge plus to staying somewhere without a casino. After staying here, I'll never stay anywhere else. I highly recommend it!
5	"#1 Luxury Hotel For A Reason"The Mandarin Oriental Las Vegas holds the #1 spot for luxury hotels for a reason! Talk about GRAND! This place has to be one of the best places I have stayed! I normally am a fan of the Cosmopolitan or Aria but I will be adding this one to the top of my list for primary choices to stay while in Vegas! Let's talk about how the entry to pull up to the place just speaks "luxurious" while having more than enough professional valet workers as well as bell men to assist you once they open up your car door! The ambiance of the place gives a very special feel to it. There are some areas of the hotel where it's really dim but I'm guessing that it's suppose to give that whole relaxation and calm feeling. The cityscape room was nothing short of amazing! While being the cityscape it offered more than enough high end amenities! The bathroom is like heaven! I love having a TV in the bathroom right in front of the bath tub! Bathrobe was one of the most comfortable as well. I didn't get to try any of the food from TWIST nor room service because let's be honest the prices they want are beyond what they should be, BUT it's the Mandarin so it's expected! I would recommend this hotel to anybody that's looking for something different than the normal LOUD, SMOKE filled casino energy.
5	The absolute best service! Everyone was so friendly and went above and beyond to provide the best experience, from check-in to poolside dining to housekeeping. They even left chocolate covered strawberries and a handwritten note in our room for our anniversary.It's a small, zen-like retreat in the middle of crazy Vegas. The pool is small, beautiful and they pass out ice waters and smoothie samplers all day. Food is pricey and incredible. There's nothing else like it here, and we've literally stayed at all of the other hotels. Crowd is older, richer and tamer. So if you're not wanting the bachelorette parties, trashy people and/or frat bros, this is paradise.
5	We had a wonderful experience at this hotel. is it perfect? is it worth the price? First off...the staff here ARE perfect. the valet folks are almost too nice..they seemingly know your name before you even arrive. the front desk people are very accommodating. This place really wants your stay to be perfect. The pool attendants are wonderful..you are treated very respectfully here.....as many have said...its a quiet retreat away from the craziness of the LV strip. we liked the fact that there is no casino here. But perfect? our strip view suite was a bit of a disappointment. its beautiful and all that...but its not very big. Suites at Palazzo and Cosmopolitan are much roomier. Bathroom is nice..beds very comfortable. Pool area is quite small but very cozy and never overly crowded. My wife did the yoga class for 2 mornings and enjoyed it but described it as "advanced". didn't  go to the fancy bar or the very upscale French restaurant but did go to the Mozen bistro for breakfast once. OK but insanely pricey. they offer free coffee early in the AM outside the Mozen. Theres a Starbucks right outside the hotel. An oasis like this is hard to find in las vegas. I guess be a big shot once and see if you think its worth it.
5	This has to be on the top list on the best hotels in Las Vegas...the staff is super efficient, great doorman..Glenn is top notch..this guy remembers just about every one that has stay here so he will welcome every one as if they never left...you have to stay here at least once and enjoy the bar on the 23 rd. floor and you be amazed by the view...think New Year party..is a hint!
5	The ultimate Las Vegas experience: all the food, nightlife, luxury spa days and cocktails by the pool -- with none of the ching ching ching ching ching and sadness of the casinos!The spa is excellent -- the massage therapists are real professionals and eased this weary traveler's sore back.Breakfast in the restaurant: eggs with salmon for my Sweet Pea and a bento box for me -- couldn't have been lovelier.  Exactly what we wanted in a calm, quiet, comfortable atmosphere.  The room is flooded in light and has a great view of the strip.  Such a lovely way to spend a morning.The pool is quiet and sophisticated -- no gross disgusting drug-fuelled pool parties here.  Just civilized adults (and sometimes their remarkably civilized children) having lovely lunch and/or cocktails beneath the shade of umbrellas.  One of the nicest hotel pools anywhere, and definitely the nicest in Vegas.Thoughtful staff, meticulously clean and luxurious rooms, all around the best Las Vegas hotel experience available.  I'll never stay anywhere else.
5	Was just there again...same great place.....great pools not overflowing with drunken younger adults but rather filled (overcrowding not an issue) with people who have nothing to prove but just want to relax...you can even bring your kids (we left ours at home...we recommend you do too) and won't have to explain why that woman is wearing next to nothing. No casinos, no smoke, pure joy with great service and cuisine...try the poached egg mason jar and muesli for breakfast..
5	What can I say that hasn't been already said. This place is amazing!!! I had my wedding ceremony at the Mozen room this pass July and I couldn't be happier. I worked with Ali the whole time. She was super sweet!! All my guest loved the hotel and I will be coming back soon!!
5	Having stayed at another MO property prior I knew we were in for a treat during our stay in Vegas. Upon arrival we were walked to an elevator to the sky lobby (23rd floor) & then checked in with a tea refresher while we waited. Service was stellar, accommodations outstanding, and amenities at the hotel ( gym looking out over the strip) were excellent. We even ate at the hotel "diner" which was wonderful. Overall, will clearly make this my stay whenever in Vegas, as the style, service, & ambiance at MO can not be outdone. Outstanding hotel !!
5	In my life, I easily could have stayed in more than 200 hotels. None of them have made such an amazing impression like this one. Include the Mandarins in other countries. The service is out of this world. The water pressure of the shower is strong. Free yoga and Pilates classes everyday. The in room dining is yummy and they don't take forever either.  I LOVE this hotel.  Very impressive.
5	Great hotel.  I think the best or in the top three in Vegas right now.  Just a slice of serenity in Vegas, and if you want action you are in the heart of it.  The service is fantastic, the food sublime, love love the gym facilities and the rooms, even the basic ones are lovely.  I had a few hicups while there and management took care of immediately.  I plan to stay there again. Better than Four Seasons, or the private suites at the Wynn (which are pretty nice).  Only complaint was the casual restaurant, smelled like fish when we walked in, medium service and very limited menu after 1 pm. However the room service pool, main restaurant and bar are five star.
1	I'm writing this review about our stay 8/20-8/23. We chose to celebrate my husband's birthday and our anniversary at the MO. We did enjoy the pool and spa. HOWEVER, on our last night a very young, loud group of party people checked in next door. At midnight, we called the front desk and asked if they could speak to this group and ask them to turn down the LOUD RAP MUSIC and STOP YELLING. The front desk was apologetic and called their room to ask them to be quiet. The noise continued for another half hour.Around 5AM we were woken up by SHRIEKING and POUNDING from the room again. My heart was racing and I believed a woman was being hurt. I called the front desk. They quickly responded by sending several men to the room. A young girl (in a bikini) answered the door and assured them she was fine. I walked over (In a robe) and told the girl she was bring very rude and we didn't appreciate her ruining our trip. She then closed the door. The front desk then asked if we would like to switch rooms. No, at 5 am I don't! THE NOISE continued, this time I directly dialed the room and asked her to please have the group stop because we were trying to sleep. She proceeded to use profanity and say she was paying a lot of money to stay there and could do what she wanted. EXAUSTED and DRAINED we packed up to leave. As a consolation a breakfast charge was removed off our bill. Sadly, $1,200 later, I'm annoyed and tired. Terrible ending to a much anticipated stay. After the first noise disturbance, they should have threatened the group with being asked to leave. We specifically booked the MO based on the no casino/no club, relaxation they tout. WE WILL NOT RETURN
4	I am a local, I stayed here with my husband just to check it out for the American Express Fine Hotel package. It was overall really great, but not perfect I took off one star. Given the Amex package, it was a great deal!Pros:1. Nice room and in room amenities, the bath salt by the tub was heaven.2. Very nice front desk agent and every hotel employee we encountered, except the valet that ignored us when we arrived.3. Breakfast in MoZen was also nice, not extremely overpriced given its location. Great food. 4. Very few hotels that I've been to had a turn-down service with a 2 people team. It was nice and quick, they are very professional.5. We got chocolate dipped strawberries for our anniversary!Cons:1. Valet completely ignored us when we first arrived, maybe they just don't to see a local license plate. I came out of the car and called them over. 2. Room could be a little bigger and brighter? We had a strip view room, it was fine, but it doesn't have that Encore shinning bright thing going. Mandarin's theme probably dictates that anyways. 3. We didn't plan to use the pool, since we also booked spa services. But the pool is on the smaller side, and a lot of people seem to be residents upstairs. I am not sure on that, but it was crowded. Overall it was great. If you have an Amex Platinum, make sure to take advantage of the fine hotel program.
4	We had a drink on the 23rd floor. Staff very nice and the view was spectacular! ! Prices on cocktails were high but creative, tasty and definitely worth the view!
5	Best spa ever! My family was blown away:) I had my wedding here. The people who work here are outstanding. It's very expensive but very worth the treatment and whole experience.
1	I called ahead to make sure that the Mandarin bar would have Jazz tonight..I was told yes... We arrived to the bar only to be told many of the craft cocktails were no longer available and when the band began playing it was not jazz but instead top 40 tunes. My husband was bewildered that the female staff was unkept and looking and behaving as if they had just woken up. My husband believes that a woman's grace can be determined by the way she walks.. In this case...The female staff walked like they just climbed Mount Everest.The view is beautiful but the service was not up to Mandarin standards...more like Hilton. Why go here when you can go to the Wynn...That's where you will find a true 5 star experience in Las Vegas. We are Leaving the Mandarin bar now to go to the Encore/Wynn to see Micheal Monge... Now that's talent,class and first class experience.
4	Tres fauncy. Wonderful rooms with spectacular views. Peter & I came here to celebrate our 1 year wedding anniversary. I know, I know, I got married in October. But I can't risk going on vacation in October as it is the beginning of the fiscal year for my work.  So anyways...yea, we came here to celebrate. The staff left us tasty choco covered strawberries. Yum!The pool is fab. Drinks are delish. & best thing was that I didn't feel like I was in a bikini contest. I have friends who go to dayclubs and that is just NOT me. Everyone was minding their own business and it was very relaxing to be by the pool. The staff even brings around complimentary frozen treats for everyone at the pool. I had some frozen grapes and this frozen lemonade slushie thing. So refreshing!Gymming here is great. 28 is my year of fitness and I worked out on Friday and Saturday. They provide complimentary earphones for you so you can plug them into the machines. Very high tech. You can watch your personal TV on the machines or you can play games. I played mahjong just due to pure fascination of the machine. I felt really comfortable working out here because it was either empty or the other people were just minding their own business. I never had to wait for a machine either. Every machine provides you with a towel and a bottle of water. Such consideration and convenience!!! And don't forget to grab a fruit on your way out ;)Ok, so why 4 stars instead of 5? The elevators. I loathed that I had to take 2 elevators each time I left and returned to the hotel. Felt like such a hassle! I can understand why they do it...to keep the bar visitors separate from the hotel guests. But, as a hotel guest, it's inconvenient.Besides the elevator situation, this was a wonderful hotel to stay at!
5	Mandarin Oriental delivered. A true oasis. How can you be in the hustle and bustle one minute and in such a zen space the next? It's possible here. THe location is a walk from any shopping and far from many highly rated fine dining areas. But still worth the stay. Just be prepared to walk. Not a bad thing, anyhow. Breakfast choices are limited to $$$ room service$$$, mozen bistro$$, or a starbuck's  that is located out front. (at Strip prices, like $5 coffee). But I digress. The lobby is on the 23rd floor. So you take an elevator up, then walk to another elevator DOWN to your room. Strange, but not horrible. THe rooms are amazing. The real star of the show. Nothing to complain about. Nothing. Beds like clouds, bathrooms that make you want to keep bathing. Over and over. We barely could bring ourselves to leave our room- so comfortable and relaxing. Smelled great. Clean. WOnderful. The spa was nothing short of amazing. Buy the $50 day pass for guests.
4	"One of these things is not like the other..." (Sesame Street)The Strip is a loud, gaudy place.  Millions of adults reliving their childhood mix with outlandish casinos, shows, and bars who shout that what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.  Yet, only a few steps from this mad, mad, mad, mad world is a calm, serene high-rise hotel that offers respite from the craziness, unique among the hotels on the Strip - all at a price, of course.  Welcome to the Mandarin Oriental.The hotel sets the ambience during the 15 steps from the Strip, along the driveway next to Pinkberry, so by the time you're in the passenger drop-off area, you're surrounded by elegance with the soundtrack of mellow Chinese music.  The lobby is on the 23rd floor, not the 1st, giving you a sense of being far removed from what would give you stress.  There is also a sense of exclusivity;  you cannot go onto the floors of the hotel, spa, or residences unless you have a card key to do so.  The staff goes out of their way to be smiling, pleasant, and helpful.  Even the cleaning staff was this way, they were not grumpy souls just doing their job.  HR probably makes having a good personality a requirement for every job in this hotel;  it shows.Its most unusual feature:  no casino.  Not even a one-armed bandit.  There is no gambling on site, highly unusual for having a S. Las Vegas Blvd. address, and a relief for non-gamblers like me.  The restaurants are upper-class, not the brash and overpriced food with brash and underdressed girl waitresses that are so prevalent on this road.Strange that it's here instead of Sedona AZ.  It's not a place the typical Vegas crowd would stay at;  but then, I cringe at Vegas, as does my hunny.  But a vendor conference was held here, so I guess I gotta go . . .  It was a good venue for this conference of approx. 150 people.  No one was distracted by the "scene", the hotel prepared well for us with food and tech setup.  I can also see this as a place to unwind and get refreshed.  The 8th floor has a pool, jacuzzi, finess center, pilates, massages, and other body treatments that I never heard of that made this meat-and-potatoes outdoors-lover roll his eyes.  And it seems that the soundtrack of mellow Chinese music is everywhere . . . well, at least it's not the chickie screeching "I kissed a girl and I liked it".Had a lot of trouble with billing, though.  I went here with my colleague, and her P-card would pay for both of our rooms.  They didn't seem to grasp the concept, and kept trying to keep the payments completely separate.  She got here before I did, and they (or the vendor?) even canceled my reservation because it was so similar to hers.  A lot of run-around on both of our parts to get it set up, which would not have happened at the Hyatt Regency and should not have happened here.Conclusion:  If you need to get away from it all, have a soothing several days to get pampered, and have a lot of extra funds to finance the trip . . . then what are you doing in Las Vegas?  Well, if you're here, the Mandarin Oriental is available.
5	This is an oasis in the sin city. It has a separate entrance from the strip and is calm and invititing. Drinks are highly recommended at the bar, the views are amazing! I had the best cocktail ever here, and can't wait to come back! I highly recommend!
4	This was the first location where I discovered gluten-free afternoon tea. When I found out about this amazing news, I was so excited. The location for tea is on the 22nd floor, the setting is beautiful. I absolutely loved the oriental rug and furnishings. I have been there two times for afternoon tea.5 StarsThe service was top-notch, from our beautiful and sweet server.The loose leaf tea was delicious. Presentation was modern and cool.The ambience was beautiful and so was the view.Gluten-free afternoon tea would be a 5 star rating if:1. The gluten free bread could be soft2. The desserts could be a balance of flavors, not so heavy on the dark chocolate3. If gluten-free scones were provided (that was the biggest bummer)Because of this, I give the afternoon tea a 3.5.
5	One of the best hotels in Las Vegas. It's very clean and they have great customer service. I will defiantly be staying there again
4	(Actual ranking would be 3.5 stars if available.) My husband and I stayed here on a Saturday night on 10/4/14 through American Express's (AX) Fine Hotel and Resort program. AX's program is nice in that they guarantee early check-in (12pm) and late check-out (4pm), free breakfast for two people each day of your stay, free room upgrade if available, and a unique hotel amenity which in this case was $100 spa credit. We always wanted to stay at this hotel since it has a reputation for stellar service, but its rates were usually a deal breaker. But we figured we could manage a one night stay this time. This hotel has a strange set-up where their lobby is on the 23rd floor (top floor), but everything else - restaurants, rooms, spa, pool - are below. This means that you take one elevator to the lobby, then travel around the corner to another set of elevators to go to your room which is below you. Conversely, this also means when you want to leave the hotel, you have to wait to take two elevators back down to the ground floor.  The good news is that we never encountered a long wait for either elevator.  Secondly, with the exception of the bar and pool/spa floors, every other floor requires a room key for access. Normally, this would be fine except one elevator in particular could not read key cards. I got trapped in one elevator but luckily remembered that floor 3 could be accessed without a card. The lobby staff were very friendly, but when giving me a survey to complete, they gave me one already completed by a previous AX customer. We were upgraded to a junior suite; (see my pics of our room). This room was fantastic and the bed was really the best bed we ever slept on, even edging out The Wynn's beds.The evening turn down service was nice but unexpected; (we weren't told about it but I guess I should have assumed it would occur at this high-end hotel).  Unfortunately, housekeeping wrapped up all of our cords including my husband's tech devices. He was actually VERY upset about that since he had already set up his workstation, but mainly because someone touched his tech. If we had known about the turn down service, we would have turned on our privacy sign on our door. I scheduled a Chinese Foot Massage in order to use my spa amenity and it was nice except that I wanted my technician to use harder pressure, but she said it was only available in light to medium pressure. I thought that was strange, especially since Chinese foot massages are known as medieval torture methods ; ). Oh well. Next morning, free breakfast was tasty. They offered free Continental breakfast, but for $4 extra a person we upgraded to an American Breakfast which consisted of eggs, choice of sausage or bacon, hash, toast, juice and coffee. My only complaint was the restaurant hostess at MOzen Bistro was clueless about the AX free breakfast offer, which I didn't mind so much except her attitude made you feel like a beggar wanting free food. In short, as much as I was impressed by this hotel, Mandarin Hotel is really targeted for the more mature crowd and I felt like I was crashing an old time country club. But, if you want a get away from the noise of the Strip and want to relax in your room, this is the hotel for you.  If you want more traditional Vegas action, at least it's an easy walk to Aria and Cosmopolitan Hotel (through Crystals shopping mall).
5	What a gem located in the middle of crazy. We love Las Vegas and all the excitement that comes with it but it's nice to step into serenity. Rooms are beautiful, customer service was perfection at every turn. The pool service, drinks, food and atmosphere can not be beat. We'll be back every time we're in town!
5	Me and my brother went to the bar in the hotel. The scenery was amazing. It's more of a quite hotel which is good when you just want to relax and have a conversation without all the crazy people around you. The prices on the drinks were hefty but definitely worth it. The drinks were good the service was good and again.... the views!!!! I will definitely be back!!!!
5	Fabulous location with very helpful staff. I can't think of a better place to stay when in town.
2	I was looking forward to staying at this hotel. Someone broke into our room one day and stole $1000 cash from our room. We called security who took down our info and said we could follow up with them. They moved us to another similar room. Security acknowledged that our first room door was broken. The lock wasn't closing. But after we left they never tried to contact us. Isn't it enough that we go and lose money at the casino, but someone gets to break in because of their fault and we aren't given any kind of remuneration? The buffet at the casino was bad, and very unhealthy. The food was all deep fried, and my BF who is diabetic passed out after dinner.
5	This hotel was fantastic all the way around.  The people at the front desk went above and beyond to provide excellent customer service.  I got there a bit early.  The girl came around and took my bags herself, then later personally called me to let me know that my room was ready and my bags were already in there waiting for me.  I didn't get back to my hotel until 2am, but they still showed me where everything was at, gave me a informative pamphlet, and then personally walked me over to the elevators to show me how everything worked.  It was awesome!  Then when I got to my room I was blown away!  It was nice, clean, modern and had a great view of the strip.  Not to mention I had this ginormous deep freestanding soaker tub.  I definitely put that to good use.  Also the valet was on top of everything as well.  Even if I called down 5 minutes before I had to leave they had it ready and waiting.  OR they were even kind enough to leave it up front for me.  Plus there was a Starbucks right outside as well.  Another great thing is that you didn't have to walk 5 miles through a casino to get to the elevators.  They were right there.  It was pretty neat how they had the "sky lobby" on the 23rd floor.  Really different.  Overall, excellent experience.  I will definitely be staying here again.
5	If you want a non-smoking, no gaming, atmosphere, come here.  The service all around is fabulous!  The bar is unlike anything, and the drinks are fabulous!  I actually felt relaxed the whole time during my stay.  Love the pool, too.  Worth the price tag.  I'm staying here again the next time I go to Vegas!
5	Even at top-end Las Vegas hotels, the experience involves long queues to check in with your baggage, a staff that takes a long time to get to you, and a layout that forces patrons to wander through the  casino on the way to their rooms.The Mandarin Oriental has none of that. From the moment I stepped out of the car from the airport (arranged by the concierge and re-scheduled when I missed my flight), the door staff took care of my bags, and I went up to the sky lobby to check in while the bags were delivered to my room. Tea was always offered any time I worked with the staff.The hotel is a nice respite from the rest of the strip. It's very peaceful.The hotel bar has a fantastic view. The service of everyone is excellent. Definitely make sure to ask for the complimentary shoe polishing service. The only spa service I used was getting a haircut in the salon, which is completely private-- it was just me and the stylist, and the haircut was extremely high quality (though at New York City-level prices).The bedroom and bathroom were spacious, and the facilities were up to date. My only reservation is that the "center of gravity" of the strip is about a mile and half away near Caesar's and the Venetian. Be prepared to make the first trip of your evening be to a cab. On the other hand, it is right next to the high-end shops and restaurants near the Aria.
5	Everything you would expect from the Mandarin Oriental. The place is top notch. It is located in the City Center area of the strip, tucked away in a between Aria and Cosmopolitan - good location that takes you away from the hush-hush of the strip. The rooftop tea room and Twyst are fabulous. For those not staying at the hotel, this place has the best and cleanest restrooms on the strip - no question about it, for someone who has phobia of public restrooms, this place is a blessing.
2	I've spent one week here. I liked how it is smells and the silence. - I didnt like the wifii, I've had to share my mobile internet to could work on my notebook. - I thought we bought a pack w/breakfast, but it wasnt included (make sure thats included, because I saw online that was!). - If you choose to eat here or only have one drink, prepare your pocket. - If you need parking, its a fee for valet, but you can have a self-park in Aria. Over all, I had a good time, I just didnt like the price (and the internet!)
5	I've seen a lot of hotels all over the world. Singapore, Shanghai, Dubai, Kuala Lumpuretc. This ranks right up there with the best I've seen. This hotel has ignored the traditional Vegas hotel theme and has blended ultra chic with high end luxury. I'll leave here without a doubt knowing that I've stayed in the best hotel in Vegas.
5	The Mandarin Oriental is a beautiful, tranquil oasis in the middle of the Strip. The service was fantastic right from arriving to check in at the Sky Lobby. The breakfasts at MOZen were a great way to start the day. Drinks at the Mandarin Bar were a great way to start an evening. The staff was very attentive. My wife loved soaking in the deep tub with bath salts and flower petals. Our Cityscape room had a brilliant view.
1	Wow I just got off the phone with the reservation lady because the 2 night stay 3rd night free package the site said 179/night for the room I wanted kept jumping up to 250/night. She kept saying the 179 is an avg price and that the 250/night is an actual rate. Ok wt.... But I let that slide...  Marketing tactic to get a click. I get it . I  actually ended up not giving them my business because when I kept telling her that nowhere does it say "avg price" she kept ignoring me like a deaf fool and kept saying "LIKE I SAID SIR..." Like she had no decency to hear a customer out. It's one of the most annoying things a rep can say and that is why they get a 1 star from me.  I've booked dozens of hotels before since I have to travel 1/4 of the time out of the year and never been so pissed dealing with a reservation representative.
5	The Mandarin Oriental is one of my favorite hotels in Las Vegas.  There are so many things to love about this hotel, including the following:+ Beautifully appointed, clean, modern rooms (Ours came with a great view of Crystals and the Strip - score!)+ Nice bathrooms with in-mirror TV's+ Non-gaming hotel = less crowds and smoke-free!+ Excellent location: easy access to shopping and dining at Crystals, as well as more dining options at the neighboring Aria.  A huge plus for me: my favorite fro-yo place Pinkberry right next door!!  Many hotels within walking distance, but if you want to do less walking, the City Center tram has a few stops nearby.+ Great bar and tea lounge in the hotel with excellent views of the Strip+ Happy birthday cupcakes upon return to our room our first night was a nice touch :)Note:- The hotel only offers valet parking, which is not free.  - I don't know what scent they have wafting through their hallways but it was not to my liking.  However, I'll take that over cigarette smoke any day!- There is a glass wall looking into the bathroom from the hallway, so for more modest people like myself this is a feature I am not crazy about but will let it go because the bathrooms are so nice!The Mandarin Oriental definitely deserves the 4 and 1/2 Yelp stars it has, and that's what I give it too.  After having stayed at the Four Seasons, which smells amazing and has such gorgeous grounds, and whose staff was even friendlier and more courteous (though no complaints for the workers at MO), this hotel is a half star less in comparison.  But I love a clean, beautiful room and the views and its location are great so I have no problem rounding up and giving the Mandarin Oriental 5 stars and making this my 200th review in honor :)
5	A hotel unlike any other in Vegas.  The entrance is difficult to reach on foot - which is fantastic.  The lobby is up on the 23rd floor, amazing views, amazing bar, amazing high tea.  If you notice - I used the word amazing a lot to describe the lobby.  The rooms are even more amazing.  A valet cabinet so you can have things delivered to your room (newspaper, ice etc) without having to deal with a human.  You have perfect seclusion and isolation.  It felt like a majestic resort - because it is a majestic resort.In an effort to keep an open internet I've decided to sign my name to all my reviews.Best,Adam Koppekin
5	Great experience from the moment I stepped out of the cab till the time I left. Great customer service!  Every request I made was executed with care and expedience. I felt like a million bucks.  A special shout out to Doug, one of the concierges, who helped us book a show and gave us great recommendations for restaurants. The rooms were clean and posh.  And again, service from the entire staff was 100%!
2	Restaurant and spa staff are very helpful, hard-working and nice. The hotel room itself was filthy. Attempts to discuss it and get the management to see the room have yielded no results, so I'm posting a review here. I would not stay here again, given the filthy, shambolic state of the room. See photos for more info.
5	Just walk in. This is an unquestioned 5 star. From the doorman being so nice to the front desk being helpful to non quests this place is just dope. There is no other way to put it. Absolute silence. No weird smells. Tranquil and quiet. Appetizers in bar were expensive but fantastic and filling. Incredible view of Las Vegas..only one better Im guessing is from helicopter.
4	Overall a good property choice in Vegas if you want to be away from the crazy scene and have an oasis to relax. The pool service could certainly be better. Housekeeping was great. Spa was pretty good overall.
5	No gaming.  No smoke.  No dinging bells.  No parking lot mess.  No shopping center to navigate.Yes the best lounge in the city.  Yes the best restaurant in the city.  Yes pure refinement.I'll never pay to stay in a hotel like this, but if I was the sort of person who did such things there is little doubt that this is where I would stay if visiting Las Vegas.  Instead I'll just save my pennies and visit Twist more often.  :-)
