4	This place has a wide variety of beverages as well as food from all over South East Asia.  I remember loving the Indonesian fried rice with extra crisp fried red onions.
5	When I lived in Pittsburgh this was one of my favorite places to take my friends.  Lots of good food at good prices, great atmosphere and character, and a wonderful tea selection.
3	this place is not great not bad  just Good, and for what you get with the prices..kinda worth to check out. Mango chicken- too much taste, (hen shien) every bite had to be mixed with white rice and wash it down with ice teaPad Thai- the best quality pad thai is usually white colored noodles, this place pad thai is as red as china's flagGinger Chicken- solid..very solid..perfect taste to itCrab Cakes Eggrolls- do not get it..taste like the usual free eggrolls that come free at your corner american chinese food placeMango Tiramisu- errrr..why did they even call this tiramisu? it looks and taste more like a two layer cake with a slab of mango on it...  if you read this and still get it..you're a FOO!oh btw..the owner there is not the brighest one out there either, i went with a white blonde co worker.. when returning our credit cards..she asked which one was mine? helloooOOo which one do you think has last name WANG!?
3	Three stars, total. I went here, once, on a date, and was more impressed with his food and our appetizer than my entree. We ordered the shrimp-and-corn fritter appetizer which was four-stars-on-yelp lovely. I was worried about it having too fishy a flavor, but the sweetness of the corn balanced the shrimp nicely. I ate the lemongrass beef, which the date had recommended, and I had it with the coconut rice. I would say the highlight of my entree was the cabbage salad, mixed slightly with the rice, than the beef itself, or the rice with the beef. The beef (two yelp stars, for a disconnect between what I thought I ordered and what was actually served) was more of a stew, with a faint lemongrass flavor and none of the other ingredients stood out. It reminded me of dinty moore, sans vegetables, in taste and texture, plus some lemongrass and seemed, taste-wise, in a disconnect from both the coconut rice (which it did not compliment) and the rice vinegar-centric cabbage. However, the date had the thai spicy fried tofu (four yelp stars), which was excellent. The chile-ginger sauce atop it complimented wonderfully with the coconut rice, and the texture of the tofu was astounding - like no other tofu I have eaten before. And, neither he or I are vegetarians nor fan of tofu, so this is a resounding recommendation of this dish. The dinner portion size of it is very large, and we took half of it home, where I ate part of it cold and part of it reheated the next day - both ways were fabulous.Packed restaurant, but still freezing in the winter. The prices are good. But I only recommend the tofu, and the corn-and-shrimp fritters aren't so bad either. But for my overall experience, and my entree? Three stars, maybe two-point-seven-five. He even said he had eaten the lemongrass beef before and it wasn't served in this manner. New chef, I suppose?
5	I've had 3 things here. That's because often once I really love something I will order it to death. I love the combination satay. The menu claims it is grilled on a lava rock??!! I'd like to see that. Well, whatever, it's delicious. At lunch it's one skewer chicken, 1 pork, 1 beef. At dinner you also get 1 shrimp, and you get to pay a little more. I also had the pad thai. That's what most of my co-workers get. I say "Eh." I've had better.I also tried my husband's Burmese BBQ chicken. Delicious, with a curry and garlic flavor, but not an overpowering flavor, plus very tender.Finally, I love their little samosas. While they are fried, they don't seem heavy. Light and delightful, with an accompanying sweet sauce.Oh they also have a HUGE tea menu, although I've never ordered myself a pot. But if you're into that sort of thing, they've got a big menu!PS I don't know who said they take reservations. We just asked tonight and it was ixnay on the eservations-ray.
4	Another one of my favorite "escape from Pittsburgh" locations. This small Thai restaurant, off the beaten path of Forbes Ave and looking pretty ghetto from the outside, is one of the coolest places for dinner in whole city. If you like tea (and I do), they have an entirely separate tea menu with a fairly large collection. Also, you can never, ever, ever, go wrong with the Ice Tea of the Day. So awesome. Almost all the food is good here, however my favorites were the singapore night noodles, the pad thai (i know), and my all-time winner, the "chicken with string bean" which actually comes with more than one string bean. As mentioned, this place is BYOW - and many people do. You get an eclectic crowd of college students, professors, and other academic-types mixed in with some curious locals. It's all pretty affordable too.
5	Good food comes from a cardboard menu.  I love the cardboard menu's here.  The menus are in these great cardboard holders that are accented with duct tape and they are just great.  Good food, reasonably priced.  I had the ruby chicken - it was delicious.  They now have serve alcohol - last time I was here it was BYOB.  I really appreciate that they serve ice cream from their neighbor and one of the most amazing ice cream shops - Dave and Andy's which is located just a block away.
3	The food is just average, but what brings me back is the great lunch specials.  If you get the upgrade to the Nasi Kuning Platter, for an extra $1.75 you add on a soup or salad and 2 vegetarian samosas to your entree choice.  Pretty good deal witn good portion sizes.  The food though - like I said, average.  The pad thai is decent, as well as the Mango Pork, Lemongrass beef, and Panang curry.  If you don't make it early enough on M-F lunch hour, be prepared to wait.
5	Amazing restaurant we used to go to in college... The first couple times I went to Spice Island I was unimpressed and then I ordered what my friends had been ordering all along, although I got it made vegetarian with Tofu. I was shocked, the food that I had found bleh and boring became something that pleased my taste buds. I never fail to be pleased by the Java Fried Rice, unlike some places where you make a meat dish veg they dont over do it with crappy vegetables instead using veggies that enhance the dish and blend well with the flavors. It is served piping hot in a portion that I doubt i have ever finished, the quantity of foo dmakes it so that I often end up with enough food for another meal.Writing reviews is going to be enough to make me want to go back to the old haunting grounds :-)
4	Great place to go to for pan-South Asian food if you're in Pittsburgh. Pretty inexpensive too. It's probably the equivalent of a divy bar for restaurants - small, cozy, moody decor, variety of options for appetizers, entree and drinks. They have a separate menu for teas. It sort of has the atmosphere where hippies would feel comfortable in, except I haven't actually seen many of them there, I don't know why. Everything is priced reasonably. Swing by if you want something different from the typical Pittsburgh cuisine you can get a hold of.
4	I miss this restaurant. The panang curry is my favorite, but I've had most of the dishes on the menu and they are all pretty good, interesting, and not too expensive.
5	This is always on the top of my list for great food in Pittsburgh .  I'm never disappointed by the portions or the taste or the price.  The decor suits the rather 'hole in the wall' kind of vibe that it gives off with the mismatched chairs and the cosy tables.  The pad thai is always a great standby with a great sauce that is pretty sweet and quite red, and oh so tasty.  Everything I have ordered has been very flavorful and never overcooked.  The portions are huge, although I often find myself finishing the whole thing.  They also have a tea menu and now serve beer and wine (although they still accept BYOWine there is a $10 corkage fee).
5	Great place. Small and cozy. Food is always delicious and always afordable. But I'm sold on their selection of tea, as this is one of the few places in Pittsburgh that offer more than a couple of sorts of teas. I love coming back to this place... now - if only it was open on Sundays.
5	Friendly little place with delicious food and a good selection of beer and delicious tea (whatever you're in the mood for!). They do have happy hour specials on beer and champagne cocktails. My absolute favorite is the Rangoon Night Market Special - if you like garlic, noodles, and pork you will be in love. Very large portions!
5	This place has the best Pad Thai I have ever had. They change the spice level to your liking are friendly and the cosy ambiance is a plus plus. Also try out their Spicy Laht Nah and Thai Fried Rice! And I love that they have Dogfish in their Beer Selection... Unbeatable for their price and portion size!!!
5	Wow, this was exactly the type of restaurant I had been waiting to find since I moved to Pittsburgh.  The food was, without hesitation, amazing.  I asked for a recommendation and ended up with the ruby red tofu, a grilled tomato/basil thai rice dish.  It was a perfectly seasoned portion; if you are really looking to get tore up ask for it extra spicy.  It was full on a Friday night, but we got lucky and didn't have to wait.  This is very, very affordable; they treat vegetarians right and don't charge as much for meatless entrees.  We had two entrees and a beer each and spent $28 with tax.  Don't sit by the door if it is cold out.
4	Spice Island serves a wide variety of delicious Southeast Asian foods, and a nice selection of teas to go with.  They're super-convenient to Pitt and UPMC Presby, to boot.  Although they themselves do not deliver, you can  have food from Spice Island delivered to you via either Wheel Deliver or Meals Delivered, I forget which one.  I recommend either ordering takeout or getting it delivered -- although the inside of the restaurant is cozy and cute, it gets really crowded sometimes, and the service can be slow depending on who your server is.  The service is the only thing keeping Spice Island from getting 5 stars from me.
5	My favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. Their menu is extensive and delicious, the atmosphere is charming and reminiscent of eateries in Brooklyn - a long narrow storefront filled with mismatched furniture and a painted tin ceiling. Each time I go I try something different and am always impressed.
5	I love Spice Island!Some of the better Asian I've had in Pittsburgh, and a good variety. The only thing I've ever been disappointed with is the pad thai, but I really like the rendang and the basil fried rice, and most other things I've had are great too. The samosas are tiny and crispy and great.Atmosphere is dark and hip, for young people. Go here for a casual date or with one or two friends, you won't be disappointed.
3	Good Asian option in Oakland. I loved this place when I first moved to this area six years ago. It then went through a rough period a couple years ago. During this time, the dishes were not well prepared and the waitstaff was always rushing the customers. They seem to have rebounded though. I just had lunch there today, and its quality was what I remembered it to be from ages ago.The positives: cheap & tasty.  They have a good selection of tea. Their dishes are vegetarian friendly.The negatives: long wait, especially during lunch time, as they don't take reservations. the room's acoustic is such that it's really hard to hear other people even though they are sitting right across from you, shouting.Overall, good lunch place. Score will be upgraded to 4 stars if the food quality remains consistent.
4	This is one of my go-to restaurants in Oakland, as it can make both vegetarian me and my omnivorous friends happy.  Good prices and portion sizes, and quirky cardboard menus.I was immediately intrigued by some of the interesting-sounding appetizers, like the deep-fried hard-boiled egg (which was okay, but not really memorable) and the Burmese squash fritters (which was a lot like squash tempura--all right, but I was expecting something more patty-like).  They do a pretty good samosa, though.  For entrees, a bunch of people have recommended the Rangoon Night Market Noodle--but maybe it doesn't translate well when made vegetarian, as I wasn't impressed.  It was just a whole lot of noodle.  Maybe it really does need the pork.  My favorite entrees include the Vegetarian Curry Trio and Monsoon of Vegetables.  The first three times I went to Spice Island, they were always out of the chocolate samosas on their dessert menu.  Maybe I hyped them up in my mind too much, but I wasn't wowed when I finally was able to get them on my fourth visit.  I do recommend them over the mango tiramisu, though.  If you like, they can make your desserts a la mode--with Dave & Andy's ice cream, from just down the street.
4	Great location in Oakland. Cheap prices, and yummy food! :) Highly recommended!
5	My mouth is watering just thinking about Spice Island.For me, it's always a choice between the rendang and the shan hin lay pork.  I hear there are other dishes on the menu, but I like my meat to be falling apart in delicious gravy, so I stick with these two.  Each comes with a small salad with a light, sweet dressing, a mound of coconut rice, which is very faintly sweet and topped with amazing fried onions, and a wedge of paratha, which I use to scoop up the gravy from the meat.  Everything is scrumptious, and I can never believe that these entrees cost less than $10 apiece.  I've also tried the Rangoon Night Market Noodle, which is delicious but will make you smell like garlic from 50 yards away.The tea selection is also great, and the small beer list is pretty interesting.  Spice Island is closed Sundays (note: Zaw's is open Sundays and closed Mondays, so if you crave one when you can't have it, substitute with the other!) and is also sometimes randomly closed for private parties and the like.  Occasionally I've had to wait for a table for a good while.  But once seated, I've had a fantastic experience every single time.
5	So the Spice Island Tea House also happens to have some of the best Vietnamese style food in town.  It really is sad that the fact that they garnish with fresh basil and mint is unique to vietnamese food in this town.  For me, that makes or breaks the dish.
4	Most excellent!
5	I go here whenever I make it back to Pittsburgh.  The Mango Pork Curry is the best...writing this review makes me want to take a trip to Pitt. so I can have some.
3	It's all in the name! This is a great place near University of Pittsburgh in Oakland for cheap good Thai. Everything is tasty. Menu Fav: Street Market Noodles. And forget a bottle of wine - try all the delicious tea blends! I like the rose petal tea. The smells are so appetizing! I once inquired if I could purchase some of their special blends but was sadly turned down. Oh well - just enough of a good reason to go back!
4	Spice Island Tea House has a great selection and a very diverse menu.  I have eaten several different foods there, most recently a vegetarian curry dish with eggplant, and it was great!  The potatoes in the dish were awesome, and the eggplant was done very nicely.On the other hand, my girlfriend ate the Pad Thai there and I was not impressed with it at all, it was very bland.  The service was good, the restaurant itself was quaint but nice.
3	Decent pan-Asian food.  Their pad thai wasn't super authentic - the orange sauce reminded me of the color of General Tso's sauce, and it didn't have a ton of flavor - but it was a big portion for only $8.  The atmosphere is cute, they have a decent beer list and champagne cocktails (my favorite), and service was pretty good.  The only annoying thing was that they can only split a check onto 3 different credit cards regardless of how big your party is.  The four of us didn't realize that they would literally total the bill and divide it into 3 even portions, so people who order cheaper entrees or drink water get charged extra.  If you're going with multiple people, just bring cash to save the hassle.  I'm looking forward to going back and trying more of their vegetarian dishes.
4	One of my favorite Asian places in the Burgh.  They have a good selection of dishes. It is a fun place to eat.
4	Surprisingly good food - and the prices are good too. Has a great Mom and Pop feel to it and some of the dishes that friends have ordered are fantastic. I have not been quite as lucky. Will go back. The place is small, but they will accommodate larger groups.
4	This is an amazing place.  You may initially be put off by the run down storefront look or how dark it is inside, but if you are hungry this is the place to go. I've had most of the dishes on the menu; it was my regular lunch place when I worked nearby.   They all are excellent and I can't wait to go visit it again.Try the Rangoon Night Market Noodle. It is outrageous.
4	Yum!  Rangoon night market noodles, mango pork, indonesian festival rice, lemongrass beef... all make me want to come to Pittsburgh more often!  Want to try new things on the menu, but its hard to resist old favorities.  Can be hard to find parking or a table, but its worth the trip.
4	The best thing about Spice Island is going with a group of people and eating family style.  Dining this way allows you to taste a lot more.  And I cant get enough of their dishes.I have never really had a bad meal at Spice Island.  Sometimes the food is bland, but all in all the food is usually very good.  The service is always good, and the restaurant has a nice feel to it.  Sorta homey in a way.The only thing I don't like is sitting closer to the door in winter.  Freezing cold air torrents through there and you pretty much need a jacket.Great food though.
4	I hardly need to add to the long list of good reviews, so I'll keep this short.Positives:As a soon-to-be Pitt employee, I'm awfully glad that this place is just around the corner in Oakland.  Good menu of (I think) Thai and Burmese dishes.  Fantastic tea menu with a nice group-couch area up front seemingly for those who just want tea and conversation.  Nice art and furniture.  Well organized menu.  Lots of healthy items, and just about anything can be made vegetarian if that's your thing.  Very affordable; one person could easily do a filling lunch for ~$10 with a drink.  And prompt service with a smile.Negatives:Minor things, really.  The menu is a tad long, though admittedly, there are some interesting dishes that you don't normally see in a SE Asian restaurant.  The lighting is great if there's some sun in the sky, but was a bit too dim on a cloudy 2/10/2010.  My dish--the Garden Veggies with Sweet Ginger Sauce and tofu--tasted great, but was way too saucy.  More veggies, less sauce, would have made it perfect.  Lastly, it's unfortunately got a very unappealing facade, but don't judge this place by the cover.I plan to return and to recommend it highly to others.
4	I Love love love this place! Never had a bad meal ever at Spice Island, so I could go in and blindly choose any dish and be happy with my choice. I love their slow-cooked meat dishes  and their Himalayan spice tea. Amazing! Plus, it is perfect for a grad student budget :)
5	I went to this place based solely on the Yelp reviews. It was indeed really excellent. I had a Pad Thai and coconut rice, and both were great. The neighborhood definitely has a "student ghetto" atmosphere, and the restaurant itself also looks uninviting from the outside, but don't let that scare you away.
5	i LOVE the pork/beef stew thing. this place is definitely a great find. small place, but nonetheless great food at decent prices. the stews have just enough flavor and i can always split it into two meals b/c i just love the spices that i could eat just that w/ rice, no problem. mmmmm
4	My GF loves this place. I find it enjoyable but I find the flavor lacking at times. The stuff to rice/noodles ratio is often wayy to low. A few shrimp for a plate of noodles isn't good. Serving sizes are large though.I would give 3 stars if it weren't for my GF.
3	I've had some of the best loose leaf tea here... I've had mixed luck with the food -- one dinner was excellent whereas a lunch seemed too salty. Definitely better to eat here rather than take out as I think the take-out suffers. For what it's worth, they do have beer and wine. I'm not super excited about this place, but I would probably go back if others wanted to go (i.e. I doubt if I would choose it myself again).
4	Good: It's a romantic spot, byob, best pad thai in the city, nice wait staffBad: it's rather small, the vegetable to noodle ratio is kind of lacking
4	This was my favorite restaurant when I was in college at CMU. It was sort of my introduction to hip, local spots with a focus on food and it was definitely the first Southeast Asian I had experienced.I've returned many times throughout my visits back to Pittsburgh. And I'm not sure if my tastebuds have changed or they've started to sell out (they do focus on some cheesy cocktails now when it used to be BYOB), but it wasn't quite the same.It was so quiet on a Saturday night at 8pm. We were seriously one of only two tables in the entire place. I realized it might be because school is out for summer. But it was a bit disconcerting.I ordered the same thing I've gotten here for 10 years - the Shan Hin Lay Pork. I remember the pot roast texture and tenderness of the pork with a sweet brown sauce and great coconut rice. Well, this time around I noticed the meat was rather fatty and that sauce was pretty bland. I will say the other dishes were all pretty good. I do remember their great spring rolls. The pad thai had a tangy sweetness that you don't always find in Thai restaurants. And the Penang Curry was bright and spicy.I think it might be time for me to move on. If I do come back here, it will probably be for nostalgia sake and I may have to retire my regular dish and try something with a bit more oomph. But then again, who am I kidding? I'm a creature of habit and I only come to Pittsburgh once in a blue moon. It might be nice to act like I'm in college again. By eating bland, fatty pork.-eatthisny
4	among the best thai i've ever had.  fantastic environment.  quaint.thai tea is great.  pad thai is good, but not the best i've had.i haven't tried any yet, but it appears they have some good beer as well.i plan on returning whenever possible.
4	Delicious. I love the atmosphere her, the waitstaff is friendly, and it's excellent Southeast Asian food.Ask the server for suggestions - I've been happy with everything suggested to me.
5	I absolutely *LOVED* my entire experience @ the Spice Island Tea House!PROS:  Delightful service!Delicious FoodDespite appearances, (seemingly) very clean!!Very Inexpensive!Large (and cutely frugal looking) menusCONS:Ugly facade (I almost didn't enter!)BOOZE Situation:They are BYOB for no more than 750ml bottles (your standard bottle of wine) with a $10 corking fee; They also do serve beer.My FAVE:  "The Ever-famous Pad Thai" (seriously, that's what its called)My EXPERIENCE:I was greeted by a server named Danny.Danny is now my homeboy!!!    :DHe was such a wonderful waiter, that I couldn't have wished for anything more out of a server!!I have never been to Spice Island and my only previous Thai experience was @ another restaurant (which I love) on the Southside, so I don't have much of a basis for comparison, nor do really know "what kind of Thai food [I] like", as Danny put it.I was clueless!I asked Danny if he could recommend a few things, which he was able to do quite well.  He pointed out several different dishes, asking questions about whether I like rice or noodle dishes, if I was a vegetarian and what kinds of meats I like.He was so helpful and polite the entire duration of my visit and was so nice about helping out someone who had no clue what they wanted to order.I decided on a traditional dish--their "Ever Famous Pad Thai"--and it lived up to its name!  It was so good!A massive, steaming-hot portion slapped onto a large oval plate; it had a ton of shrimp which was perfectly cooked (and, praise the powers that be, de-veined) shrimp.  There was also chicken which was prepared in your basic Asian-type-of-cuisine style--thinly sliced and very soft (which I'm not so much of a fan of) and egg.  This was mixed in with thin fettuccine rice noodles, bean sprouts and tossed with a generous amount of sauce (but not dripped or sloppy).It was very tasty and I will order this dish again, its actually going to be difficult to try new things after having enjoyed this one once.In the future, I (to my picky weirdness about meats) might order it with no chicken and extra egg."Yes, Danny, I am ready for the check--Thanks!"    Pad Thai dish + Diet Coke = $10. and some changeYeah... seriously!All in all, a great trip and a mere 6 hours later and I've already recommended it to 3 different people!TIP:  Pray you go when that Danny is on duty!His boss should give him a raise for being so awesome at his job!!!(PS:  I do *NOT* know Danny, otherwise.  I was not previously his friend.  He was just sincerely *that* nice of a waiter and I appreciated it.)RESTOOMS:  Although noticeably "older looking", they were very clean!
4	This is a favorite stop when friends come to town. The environment is unique. The food is delicious. I love the Thai Tea and was only disappointed with a noodle dish that lacked flavor due to my friend that can't handle its heat (we asked for it mild). I typically enjoy a walk around town afterwards. This place comes highly recommended!
5	This restaurant, hidden in the side streets off the popular Forbes avenue, is a lovely Eastern European blend of foods, with a large (cardboard!) menu displaying a large variety of dishes, with many vegetarian options, and almost everything with tofu-substitutes. The tea bar is extensive, with a wide variety of blends beyond your everyday greens, blacks, and herbals; the waitress serves teas stewing in the pot with a time estimate on when the tea will be perfectly brewed and delicious. The food was fast, good, and very hearty, with enough leftovers to serve me for dinner as well, and kind and helpful waitresses came and checked on me numerous times during my meal, despite almost all the other tables being full.All in all, an excellent experience, and I give it two thumbs up.
4	This is a really, really excellent restaurant. It's pretty unassuming on the outside but the food is excellent, the lunch specials are good and the service is fine. It can get pretty busy during lunch time though.
4	Great food lots of choices from different countries. The other good thing about this place it is that it has a bunch of food from Burma which is very good and not very common. tastes great, excellent service and good price.
3	Okay, I almost (ALMOST) want to upgrade this to a 4-star review because there are a couple things I really love here:-Rangoon Night Market Noodles. If you like unapologetically greasy noodles with a good helping of pork and fried garlic, (and honestly, if you don't...what's wrong with you?!) then this is all you.-Mango Pork. Doesn't really taste like mango, but it's super tender, hearty deliciousness.-Ol Gaht. This dip made of shrimp paste and eggplant is strangely awesome.-Popiah. Okay, I love me some fresh spring rolls, and although this isn't my preferred Goi Cuon style roll, it's still really good.But unfortunately, there are also some really awful things here:-Pad Thai. Mushy noodles with a way-too-heavy sauce and an unappetizing bright orange color. Doesn't taste like any Pad Thai I've ever had...not a good thing.-Green Curry. So bland. How is it possible to make curry this bland?-Penang Curry. Way too sweet, like a sugary gravy. Doesn't have that nice nutty flavor that I expect from this dish.Other things from the menu have been hit or miss for me, but my main theory when it comes to Spice Island--stay away from the Thai food! We have plenty of Thai restaurants that know how to make decent Thai noodles and curries. Spice Island performs more favorably in the other areas of Southeast Asian cuisine. Honestly, the menu is almost too large for them to execute everything well. That's why I'm not in love with the food here...it's just hard to know what's good and what's bad.Beer and wine only, but a small selection on either side. I kinda would like this place better if it were BYOB. Tea list is awesome though, try the Iron Goddess of Mercy Oolong!
4	This is one of the nicer sit down places in Oakland.  It's a bit of a hole in the wall place.  The front is very unassuming and it's quite small inside.  Recently, they even have the curtain down in front of the front door.  I'm not sure why--you have to open the door and then brush open the curtain to get inside.  It's Pittsburgh--I don't think it's that bright outside.  It's a pan-Asian restaurant with a variety of curry, fried rice, and meat dishes to choose from. Recommended:Pad Thai--very filling and nice spices, though could use more shrimp.Malasian Sate Chicken with spicy peanut sauce--pretty nice sauce, though the chicken could have used some more browning.    Indonesian Festival Fried Rice--fresh cucumber with stir-fried vegetables and some coconut milk.  Very filling.  Java Fried Rice--very nice blend of bell peppers, chicken, shrimp, with sweet soy sauce.  It's garnished with egg strips and onion.OK: my main objection to some of the meat dishes is that there are just meat and coconut rice.  It would certainly be nice if there were some more vegetables to accompany these.  Burmese Fried Rice: there are some shrimp, but overall, a little bland.Mango Pork--I'd like a little stronger mango flavor.  Curry Chicken--good chicken, but the dish is mainly just chicken with a variety of spices and herbsFive Spiced Chicken--I like the spices on this chicken, but there is just some lettuce as garnish, and could use something on the sideMalaysian Sate Chicken on skewers: nice browning and marinated  chicken with some peanut sauceThere's a different soup of the day.  Tuesday is hot and sour soup.  It's been a little off the past couple of weeks.  Thursday, they have soto curry, an Indonesian soup with beef and coconut milk.  This soup is delicious.  The hot tea is recommended as well, especially on cold days.  We frequently take visitors here for lunch.
3	The food definitely marks Spice Island as one of the best cheap meals in Oakland. Though the pad thai is great, my favorite and go-to dish is the Singapore rice noodles. Couple that with a Thai iced tea, and my day instantly brightens.But a restaurant is more than its food, and countless times I have been disappointed by the poor service. In one situation, I was told there would be a fifteen minute wait (which could be remedied if I just ordered to go, at which point my food would be ready in fifteen mintues)--I ordered to go, was asked to wait outside, and after waiting twenty five minutes and inquiring as to the status of my order, I was rudely instructed to wait outside and my food would be brought out "whenever it's ready." In another situation, my waiter visited and revisited the table three or four times asking if we were ready to pay our check (which had been given to us speedily after we asked to box up our food).The food is great, the portions are huge, and you can't beat the price...but the service is poor and makes me too uncomfortable to frequent this place, as good as it is.
4	Spice Island Tea House is great. The food is really good and pretty affordable.There are two daily teas, one hot and one cold, for $1 each, with unlimited free refills. And there's a 5% discount for paying with cash. I'd recommend both! (And the Pad Thai, but that goes without saying.)
3	This place makes me sad. Why? Because it used to be one of my top 3 favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. And, if I had written this review 5 years ago, it would have 5 stars for sure. Now, Spice Island has been downgraded to 3 stars. I still go back for the nostalgia of it all. (I did used to eat here once a week.) The food is just not as good anymore. To me it tastes like what used to be good food but now has been mass produced so it's lost a lot of the refined flavors. The sauces used to be awesome, now not so much. My favorite dishes were/are: pad thai and chicken with string beans. It's still okay, but when you start off outstanding, okay just won't cut it. 3 stars for Spice Island, and mostly just for old time's sake. Since this is an asian restaurant, and us asians are taught to strive for perfection and settle for nothing less, Spice Island's mom would say "What happened to the other 2 stars?" *__________________* Painting a very broad stroke here, when an asian student goes home with a 97 on a test, his or her (or my) mom says, "What happened to the other 3 points?" It's negative reinforcement at it's best.
2	I absolutely love pad thai in general- and HATED it here.  I tried to make it better by mixing in some spicy sauce, but that didn't work at all.My boyfriend a had a curry dish that he enjoyed.I'd be willing to go back and update my rating if my new dish was tastier and I definitely wouldn't order the pad thai.
5	This is a gem in the midst of Oakland! The ambiance is very quaint and warm. The most important thing though is that the food is delicious! The popular Pad Thai is the best I've had in the city. The Thai ice tea is a must try for someone who enjoys something sweet. One of the most important things if you're located in Oakland is that it's got to be a cheap meal, and it is!  I've been there many times and still always end up missing the front door at times because it's so inauspicious. Just remember it's on the Right of this one way street almost to Forbes Ave.
4	I started going to Spice Island when it first opened. I was in my early 20s then, which means the place is officially a Pittsburgh institution. The menu has stayed pretty much the same over the years, with the exception of adding alcohol, but why change a good thing? My favorite items on the menu are vegetarian -- the fried tofu (either sauce is delicious) and the vegetable curry trio. Pay a little extra for the coconut rice and you'll be back for the same thing again and again.
4	Good, cheap, tasty Thai food!  This place is always crowded...with a warm, inviting environment in the midst of Oakland. I had the Pad Se Ew which was quite tasty.  The portions are big and great for leftovers!
4	This place is good. Service is great and it's a good spot to grab a bite after work or class. The food is not spicy enough for me even at a ten but then again I love spicy food. Good spot to check out.
3	I was back here again 2 more times, and I noticed a trend... service is becoming very poor at Spice Island.  In my next 2 visits, we waited ~10 minutes just for someone to address us and get us waters, and then huge waits to get our check after eating.  This was despite them trying to cram people in.  It got to the point where for the sake of other people waiting to sit and eat, we got up and gave them our check and payment.  This is not a large establishment.  They should have realized this.
3	My friends love this place.. I don't really understand what they see. Everyone in my group always orders a java fried rice each, mine is a vegetarian version, maybe thats what makes it different for me. The fried rice is nice, but nothing to write home about. Tastes a little burnt to me (or maybe thats the sauce). Also try the samosa appetizer - its pretty awesome.
4	I'm a sucker for a heaping, steaming serving of fried rice.I'm even more of a sucker for spices, both complex and fiery.Combine the two and you get my favorite dish at Spice Island- a dark brownish fried rice that is rich with spice, bursting with flavor and all around delicious and satisfying.I've also had one of their curries which was solid, but truly I will return for the fried rice.Also the decor is charming- sort of tropical Asian inspired.  And their tea menu is surprisingly deep- it's worth digging through if you're into high quality tea.Delivery is always fun because you get to eat fried rice from a Styrofoam container, which for me brings me back to childhood/college and therefore adds an extra layer of delicious nostalgia.
4	Singapore Noodles and Thai Iced Tea...I come here when my curry cravings at India Garden is filled.It's dark and seating is somewhat limited.
5	I am visiting from out of town and had this delivered through "Wheel Deliver". I had the mango pork and it was delicious!! the flavor is unlike anything I've ever had, coupled with the coconut rice it was a fabulous match! I really loved it. The Pad Thai was good too. I would love to try more things on their menu before I leave. Yum. I'm sure it's better if you are there in person and food is piping hot.
5	Great selection of tea (which is hard to find in a Pittsburgh restaurant) and good selection of vegetarian dishes. Great salads, personal favorites are the lemon grass beef and Singapore rice noodles (best I've had). If going for lunch, make sure to get there before noon or be prepared for a wait.
4	Everything they do is very good. Tea selection is amazing and one of the reason I keep coming back.Interior is much more pleasant then the exterior, so it is worth braving the sketchy looking outside.Seating can be a toss-up. I have had time when I can sit right down for dinner and other times when I have to wait a long time. If you have a party over 4 you are much more likely to be waiting for a while.
3	Excellent food. Good beer selection. Seating is cramped especially for us larger guys.
4	My second visit last night - the atmosphere is really nice inside (on the outside, it seems shady). We got the crabmeat spring rolls, deep-fried hard boiled egg with tomato chilli sambal, and the ever-famous pad thai. The crabmeat spring rolls were okay (there were two). But the deep-fried hard boiled egg (2 eggs actually) with tomato chilli sambal was DELICIOUS! Everything about that dish makes me want to eat it again and again.The ever-famous pad thai was very good too. They don't dump a lot peanuts on top like other restaurants do. The portion size is really big too, I even got some left-overs for today!
4	Some of the best Asian food you can find in Pittsburgh, at least around the CMU/UPITT area.  I only went here once when I was a student - didn't remember too much, so one year after I graduated, I finally went back with some friends, and boy is it yummy!My friends and I ordered 6 dishes.  I highly recommend the Rangoon Night Market Noodle - it's just thin flat noodles doused in sauce/oil/garlic, but it was sooo flavorful and so delicious.  The panang curry (my staple Thai food) was a bit thicker than what I normally see at Thai restaurants - this one had the consistency of gravy?! - but the flavor wasn't bad. The Java fried rice was a big hit - that was gone in like 10 minutes.  I guess they use soy sauce and... maybe sesame oil?  Or some other cool kind of oil when frying the rice?  Either way, it was really freaking delicious, and I don't usually order fried rice when I'm out.Thai iced tea is also DELICIOUS - perfect.  $2.50 for a glass is slightly expensive (no free refills) but oh well.The interior decor is so so - kind of dimly lit, nothing special.  The menus seem kind of tattered - it's basically cardboard covers with some paper stuffed in - but don't let that fool you because it has inside deliciousness! (or rather, your gateway to deliciousness)Also, everyone in your party must be present to be seated.
4	Food is excellent and the dimly lit, swanky atmosphere makes me feel so much cooler than I am.  I also love being in a place where you can mingle with other urbanites, bouncing ideas off each other and enjoying good conversation.  Ginger Peanut Salad is my favorite dish.  I wish all those people who are bitching about large portions would get a life before they ruin it for me.The service would be the only reason I cannot give 5 stars.  It's ok.  Not great.  When they get busy, stuff gets forgotten about and it is not unusual to have to flag someone down.Also, I wish it was open later.  I seem to like it so much more when I go there later on, and given the place closes at 9, I dont go there as much as I would like to, because I dont want to be "that guy"
4	This was a great find walking down Atwood St.!  We walked inside and the ambience was perfect, and it turned out to be happy hour.  Luckily there's a nice beer list here to accompany the delicious Asian cuisine!The menu is full of soo many dishes that are atypical for the standard Asian restaurant menus.  It took almost 15 minutes just to figure out what to order, many of the dishes I'd never seen before sounded quite appealing.  *Go here if you want a break from the typical Asian food and want to explore things you've never tasted*I went with a Malaysian dish, slow-marinated beef with spices and coconut milk (can't remember the name - but it's on the "off the beaten path" menu under "Malaysia").  It was FANTASTIC!  The beef was so tender that I could poke it apart with my chopsticks with no knife, and the flavor was phenomenal.  Notice: I said "poke" it apart with chopsticks... they don't automatically give you chopsticks here for some reason, and the food doesn't always come out ready to be eaten with chopsticks.  That undermines the authenticity a little too much for me, hence the 4 stars.
4	This was one of my favorite restaurants as a college student in Pittsburgh.It's a dingy-looking hole-in-the-wall that's easy to miss from the outside, but the interior is quaint and quirky, the staff is friendly and helpful, and the food is unique.  My go-to entree is the mango pork, and the coconut rice, which comes with most dishes, is addictive.  Keep in mind that the food isn't exactly mind-blowingly delicious, and it's certainly not at all authentic, but it's very tasty and very different compared to your other options within the same area and price-range.  Great place for both small and large groups, too!
4	I have both eaten in and taken out with a positive experience. From walking by, it doesn't look like the greatest place, but they have an interesting menu with different asian/asian fusion dishes so there's a little bit for everyone from the exotic to the simple.The Malaysian Sate, which I had with beef, was delicious and came in a more than adequately sized portion. The Pad Thai is also a delicious meal. All of the appetizers and other dishes I tried were more than satisfactory. For a student on a budget, this place is both delicious and relatively inexpensive. I would recommend it to anyone who likes interesting tastes of Asia.
4	If I didn't know this restaurant existed, I would walk right past it 10 out of 10 times.  From the street, it looks even shadier than your typical South Oakland establishment but when you step inside, you'll be pleasantly surprised.  It's unique but welcoming.  My go-to favorite on the menu is the java fried rice.  It's got a bite and it's filling.   The service is super quick so you can get in and out of here on your lunch break.  I've taken 3 people from work here recently (all newbies) and they've all really enjoyed it despite being skeptical based on it's street appeal.
4	Great little find on Atwood Street. The shrimp & corn fritters were super fish. The Pad Thai was very tasty and the Malaysian meat quartet covered all the bases.
5	I LOVE this place...  What a gem. Mango pork is my fave but never had anything I didn't like here.
5	Ohhh, Spice Island, you treat me so well!My friends and I came here for a spur-of-the-moment dinner on a weeknight and this place was a pleasant surprise! I got the chicken pad thai (with tofu added), along with a pot of lemon ginger tea. That tea was amazing. Seriously. AND I'm a tea connoisseur (by that I mean Asian) so that clearly gives my opinion ethos.The wait was a *tiny* bit long, but the food, service, and price made it well worth it! My pad thai was not only inexpensive, but also served in a huge portion, letting me make it my lunch the next day as well (I'm cheap like that). While our server got my order wrong at first, she was super nice and apologetic about it and replaced it with the correct dish immediately. For a hip and busy spot in Oakland, that kind of service is pretty rare.Wish I lived closer to Oakland so I could sip on tea here every night of the week!
2	Spice Island is popular among our hospital crew to order from for lunch in Oakland (via Wheel Deliver).  I have never actually been in the restaurant, so my review will be based strictly on the food.  I have had the pad thai and java fried rice from Spice Island, and both are just OK and forgettable.  The biggest complaint I have with each dish I've had is that the quality of meat and seafood is not very good.  The shrimp in my pad thai was strange tasting and tough and the meat I've had in other dishes was fatty.  Another pet peeve of mine is the amount of grease and oil in the dishes.  I expect a certain amount of oil, but this literally leaves puddles of the stuff at the bottom.  Finally, each dish I've had is disappointingly flavorless. The portions are HUGE, but I'd rather pay for less food with more flavor.  I have heard great things from friends about Spice Island, so I'd like to actually go to the restaurant to eat some time...but I think I'll be passing for lunch for now on.
5	I discovered Spice Island shortly after they'd opened in the 90's, and was blow away then.  A really unique and varied menu, featuring dishes from a variety of Asian Islands, with unbelievable reasonable prices, incredibly flavor, kind service, and a very unpretentious comfortable atmosphere.I left duh-burgh in '99 and didn't return until 2007, and when I returned I was thrilled to see that there was one business of true quality and reasonability that had not changed one iota. They didn't jack up the prices, they didn't cut down the portions, heck, even the decor pretty much stayed the same.  The ONLY negative in the whole endeavor is that the eye candy level dropped substantially when the Burmese partner left the business (he was breathtaking, and an incredibly sweet guy).I have tried many dishes here through the years, and I have yet to put a bite of bad food in my mouth.  Though I must admit, I have arrived at a 'usual' when I go here, simply because after being in many different cities, and a few other countries, one dish that I have NEVER seen anywhere else, even with a different name, is the Burmese Lat Toke.  It is a huge cold salad, primarily of noodles, with toasted garlic, cilantro, fried tofu, some carrot and Asian cabbage shavings, and a tamarind-fish sauce that has just a slight spicy bite to it (available without the fish and pepper bite for the weaker diners.)  It is the lightest and most uniquely flavorful 'salad' I have ever eaten, and I've never seen it anywhere else.  So that's become my Spice Island Staple.  I don't get out much, but if I was able to eat here more regularly, I would try many more things on the menu.  I have tried the curries, and the rices, and the pad Thai, and have never been disappointed.  The appetizers are just that...appetizers.  They're small, but they are delicious.  The Samosa are one of my faves, as well as the fritters.  The last time I ate here, I gave something new a try, and had the deep fried hard boiled eggs with a tomato fish sauce...and they were delish!They always have daily specials, and their teas of the day are well worth eschewing the usual Diet Coke for me.  They're flavorful, unique, and most importantly, real.They seem to have a pretty strong staff turn-over, but I guess this to be expected in college land, as I've rarely seen the same waitstaff there more than twice, and that's only if I've managed to eat there twice in a six month period.Honestly, I don't think this place gets raved about nearly enough in the local foodie media.  I guess because they aren't all flashy and bistroid, the media already gave them their fifteen minutes ten years ago.  BUT, Spice Island has maintained their integrity and consistency in those last ten plus years.The REAL highlight of this little cozy hole-in-the-wall is that it's not going to wipe out your bank account, AND it's going to fill your stomach...with quality over garbage.  Where else in duh-burgh are you going to treat two friends to appetizers, an entree each that is plentiful, with real brewed teas, and even maybe a dessert -  for under $40 -  that doesn't involve a name starting with 'Mc', or a bunch of over oversized black and gold jerseys belching at the grease trough?The clientele is generally leaning a bit more toward the intellectual end of the scale, which makes for a very comfortable evening of food and friends.I've been a fan for more than ten years Spice Island!  And I can't give you enough Kudos for continuously doing exactly what you're doing.Keep that Lat Toke as yummy, and hell...Cary Grant on the bathroom door?  Who could ask for anything more!!??
4	I love their vegetarian tofu basil. It's tomato-y and delicious. I like their egg rolls too. It looks crappy from the outside, but it's fine inside.
4	Although the facade makes this place seem less then stellar from the outside, once you actually go inside, it is rather good.  The environment was comfortable and the service was really impressive.  Most importantly, the food was tasty too.  A nice plus is that the portions are of a perfect size.
5	My boyfriend and I go here pretty much every time I visit him in Pittsburgh.  It's such a great place in Oakland..and within walking distance of his apartment.  My boyfriend is kind of stingy with money, but says he's willing to spend it on some delicious Pad Thai.  I can't really speak to any other food than the Pad Thai, so take my review with a grain of salt.  I'm just a creature of habit.The atmosphere inside is super adorable.  Seating is limited...but I'm always so happy to see them busy!
5	Went there for lunch today.  Tried the mango pork based off such wonderful reviews on here.  I liked it, but it was a smidge oily and not very pleasing to the eye.  However, I did really enjoy the coconut rice and they tasted good together.Pad Thai still has my heart though...
5	Finally got to go there and I will definitely go back! I had the beef rendang and my friend had the pad thai. The rendang is amazing! The best part of my dish was the paratha (the flat bread) that came as a side. The beef was tender and the dish had layers of flavor. The coconut rice side was great too. My friend loved his pad thai so much, he finished the big plate of food and got some carry-out for his lady. The service is solid, very attentive and the servers know the food.
3	Being that my family is burmese and I grew up with the food my whole life, I would have to say that this place is OK. It's great that it has lots of variety and different types of food there (not just burmese) I would have to say that the burmese food is mediocre- although the portions are HUGE!I brought my family here once and they didn't find it too great....Decently priced for what you get, I would return here but not expect some home cooking...
4	Don't judge a restaurant by its facade, people!  Spice Island Tea House may look like an unassuming hole-in-the-wall on Atwood, but it serves some quality Thai food. This is a particularly great place to go for lunch.  They have a large and diverse menu, but I always seem to order my default: the Vegetarian Curry Trio with rice ($8).  It is a delicious mix of eggplant, potato and green beans (the magical trio) and red curry sauce.  A sauce can really make or break a curry and Spice Island's definitely makes it!  It is savory, mildly spicy and very flavorful.  I think my favorite thing about their lunches, though, is that they are the perfect portions!  (Nutrition Nerd Alert!)  Come in hungry and you will feel wonderfully satisfied, but not over-stuffed, and not obligated to take a pile of food home.The waiters and waitresses are always really chill and courteous.  The ambiance is simple and a tad dark (perfect for a hot summer day!)
4	Cozy, delicious, and unique, this Oakland gem provides a wonderful retreat behind its curtained doorway.  Not every dish is a winner (chicken is usually a little dry), but the tea selection is great, and certain authentic and westernized specialties alike are as good as it gets in the neighborhood (and in some cases, the city).Rice noodle dishes (like Singapore Noodles and Pad Thai) are especially well executed.
5	I think this is my favorite restaurant from our trip to Pittsburgh; what a gem. The space is homey and quirky, the staff is friendly and attentive, and the food is really outstanding (and plentiful) for the price.My friend and I shared the tea leaf salad to start. It's a fantastic combination of greens, nuts/grains, garlic, and vinegar, and just has an amazing flavor. One of my favorite restaurants back in San Francisco serves a similar dish, and this one was on the mark.For dinner we had the mango pork and the chicken and green beans. The mango pork is one of those deep, earthy dishes with tons of unctuous flavor, not to mention some damned tender chunks of pork. Surprisingly, I couldn't really taste any mango in the dish, but it didn't matter a whole lot. Came with a nice side of jasmine rice (just slightly undercooked, which was a shame), a nice cabbage and red onion salad, and a little wedge of fry bread.The green bean and chicken stir fry was really addictive. It came enrobed in a delicious and spicy chili sauce, with fresh string beans and incredibly tender chicken.The staff was really friendly and attentive, and because there was no way we could finish our huge dinners, packed up the leftovers for us afterwards. Next time I'm in Pittsburgh I'm definitely coming back!
4	My friend brought me and another girl here. From first glance, this is definitely a hole in the wall place. In fact, it looks hella sketchy from the outside. But honestly, these always turn out to be the best restaurants! Once we were inside, we noticed the little candles and whimsical wall decorations.We were promptly seated, and we were handed menus. There were so many delicious sounding options that I was very overwhelmed.I have never really had Thai food before, but I had read the reviews on Yelp before going, so I was prepared to try the Night Market Rangoon Noodles. I also tried Thai Ice Tea for the first time.The food took a good twenty minutes to come out, but it was definitely worth the wait.HOLY. Everything was so good. From the DELICIOUS tea, to the humongous steaming plate of noodles, it was definitely wonderful. I finished less than a third of the plate before I was full, so I ended up getting it packed home and I had a nice midnight snack as well ^_________^I can't wait to come back here!
5	Tasty food and beverages, great service every time whether large group or table for 2.  High value.
5	This is where I go to get my Southeast Asian fix. To get the most bang for your buck, try the noodle dishes. I am a HUGE fan of their portions-I know that I can always take away half of my plate for leftovers.
5	My favorite spot in Pittsburgh for food! You'd think you'd be hard-pressed to find a remotely decent place for ethnic food in Pittsburgh (at least that's what we big city folk think).But Pittsburgh is filled with little gems/charms. Spice Island being one of them. I never had something bad here, but try the Burmese Mohinga! It's a soup with thin noodles like no other. Richer than pho, and not as greasy as ramen, with a SE Asian flavor to it.I'm tempted to make the 4 hour drive to Pittsburgh now just for this....
4	Great garlicky meal. Quick, friendly service. Moderate price. Large portions.  Will come again.
4	To be fair!: I have not actually entered Spice Island's House of Tea, but I did hail a ship to deliver goods to my island, but apparently the waters surrounding it were too rough for their yellow-bellied captains. Ok ok, this is an issue to take up with Wheel Deliver....(see forthcoming review, which will probably borrow some of these fantastic joke-metaphors). We also asked for them (the restaurant) to keep their stinkin' styrofoam plates and plastic forks, but our sustainable requests fell on deaf ears...The food! Was amazing! I'm speaking here of their island rice, green curry, lemongrass beef, coconut shrimp, GINGER SALAD, and ....white rice? Can't leave that out. I must say, after months of straight Thai (also amazing), this has got to be the most original "resembling-food-from-the-Asian-continent" cuisine I've tasted here in Pittsburgh.
3	I tried the Pad Thai, and even though it was unlike any other traditional Pad Thai I'd ever had, it was still very good. Definitely coming back to try some of their other dishes.
3	Very good, inexpensive pad thai.
5	So I've been wanting to writing a review for this place for a long time. This is a great spot for lunch if you're in the area. The outside is not much to look at but when you walk inside you can see it's a nice little cafe. Menu is not big but they've got something for everyone. Love the tea variety they got here and price is reasonable. Liked there Burmese chicken, Mango pork, Thai beef salad, and fried rice with Chinese sausage. Portions are not super big but just right for me. Good for casual date or girls hang out.
4	Looks a bit shady from the outside but don't let that deter you. Good prices, good portions, good service, and most importantly, GOOD FOOD no matter what you order! Vegetarian Curry Trio (plus Tofu) is a personal fav.
5	My favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh, so many memories, so many options, so much ambiance.This hole in the wall is often overlooked because it looks like a run down antique shop from the outside.  The inside is well decorated with quirky furniture and art.  The place is small but surprisingly seats a lot. The pad thai is the best in the city, hands down.  So, so, good. Perfect blend of peanut-y goodness and the portion sizes are HUGE.
5	Great food! This is one of the few places where I like pretty much everything. If I stop by for lunch, I usually order a curry. Their curries taste slow-cooked and home-cooked, something you can find in only a few places. This is also one of the few places where you can frequently find college students in flip flops and businessmen in suits sitting at adjacent tables. This place gets pretty loud during lunchtime, so you'll have to raise your voice to have a conversations..
3	I ate here last night with my girlfriend for dinner.  Entering the restaurant is interesting as you head through a set of curtains to get inside.  Once inside though it feels homely with some old wooden floors and a comfortable atmosphere.My girlfriend and I decided to start off our meals with the green-lipped mussels from New Zealand which came in a lemongrass and basil wine sauce.  After what could only have been a few minutes, it was served to us in a bowl with the mussels on a half shell with a bowl to discard our used shells.  The mussels themselves were good and my girlfriend thought that the sauce was even better and I enjoyed having them cooked on the half shell for a change.  For dinner I decided to have one of their specialties, the Burmese  Barbequed Chicken.  Normally I am not a big fan of bone in chicken but the description of the "yogurt-honey-curry paste-lime juicy red hot chili marinade" really had me intrigued.  Within minutes of our appetizer being finished my dish was served as two medallion sized chicken thighs and sides of molded rice topped with Vantana peas, a small salad and nan which all of their specialties come with.  The portion size of my meal was disappointing though between the chicken and  the nan which consisted of what looked like a single triangular piece of pita.  It's a shame that there wasn't more than a morsel of it though as it was buttery and tasted good.  My chicken was moist and had a nice slightly sweet taste to it but none of the underlying juicy red hot chili that I was looking forward to.  The salad and rice with peas were decent as well.  My girlfriend also though that the noodle dish which she ordered was underwhelming and I would have to agree.  It's not that our food was bad but it seemed to lack something that would have made it good. I do have to compliment the waitresses here though as they kept our water glasses full returning many times to fill them.  They were also very quick with the food and generally pleasant.The bottom line for me is that I would probably not head back here in the future but I also would not avoid it.  It seemed like such a nice place and the service was fantastic but the underwhelming food made me wish that I had eaten at another Asian place.
4	I almost always get the curry chicken, and something similar to chicken satay for an appetizer. Great food, a little inconsistent, servers are nice and polite. The owner and her daughter can be a bit rude at times.
4	Despite residing in the Oakland area, I rarely find myself eating here because to be honest, most of the eateries are just not that good or full of drunken undergrads.  However, in a sea of mediocre bars and crappy restaurants, Spice Island is well...and island of deliciousness.  We have been there several times and even thought the restaurant is EXTREMELY small and usually busy, we've always gotten seated and served fairly quickly.  The food is consistently good and their house blend teas are delicious (this is coming from a coffee drinker.)  It's slightly off of the beaten path and as other reviewers have said, the facade is quite ugly, but once you pass through the curtain, you are in for a pleasant surprise.  Give Spice Island a try.  You won't regret it.
3	It had been several years since I'd dined at the Spice Island Tea House and I remember it being fantastic.  Given how I used to love this place so much I was completely let down when I walked in.   It felt like I'd run into an ex boyfriend who used to be super hot and now was fat and balding.  It was just not the same.The atmosphere at the Teahhouse used to feel warm and inviting.  Today it just looked dingy, the walls looked dirty and the tables looked as if they had each come from the salvation army.Literally, the walls were dirty, with dried flecks of hot sauce and soy sauce from years of people sitting at the tables and the walls never being cleaned.  It was pretty gross.  A good pass of a Mr Clean Magic Eraser could totally fix that.It sounds like I hate this place,  I don't, it's just that I remember it being such an incredibly cool place to eat. What is still amazing is the tea.  Apricot black tea was on special and it tasted as delicious as it smelled.  I was about to order the red basil chicken, but the waitress warned it was made with bone in chicken.  I hate bone in chicken, so I opted for the chicken curry and I got it as a platter with salad and two samosas.My friend had the pad thai with their chicken soup.  He said the chicken soup was incredibly bland, the main flavor being salt.My side salad was ok.  the ginger dressing was very good.The chicken curry was a huge let down.  I hate when food is hot and spicy without any flavor.  The chicken curry was all heat, and I had to add soy sauce for flavor.  Unfortunately the soy sauce just made the dish salty, and it was still hot.  THe coconut rice is what made it edible, and of course we still had that excellent tea to get us through.  The chicken curry didn't taste like curry at all.  It just tasted hot, and i was very bummed out.The food was inexpensive and the service was good.  because I do have such fond memories of this place I will be back, but I won't go out of my way to dine here again.One note, the Spice Island Tea House now has a liquor license and offers a small selection of wine and beers.  You can still BYOB, so long as you dont bring a wine that they sell there.Also, you will need to wait for all members of yoru party to arrive before you are seated--EVEN if there is no one else in the dining room.  This happened today.  There was no one there when I first arrived.  It was not a big deal, there are lots of comfy places to sit while you wait, but I thought this was kind of ridiculous given I was the only patron there.Oh well, rules are rules!People love this place, I am really hoping that I was just there on an off day bc I totally want to rekindle my relationship w the Spice Island Tea House!
4	I came here today for the first time since I returned to Pittsburgh and ordered the Thai Basil Fried Rice. I was completely satisfied with my order. The dish was large leaving me filled; the only disappointment was that the menu prices were higher than those listed on third party websites.I have frequented Spice Island in previous semesters having tried popular items such as the Java Fried Rice and curry based dishes.Spice Island's varied menu and Asian fusion cuisine makes it an ideal place if you are going out to dinner with a group and cannot completely agree on a venue.The service is also very good. Mine and my friend's waters were continually refilled, and the dishes were brought out steaming hot.
4	Spice Island provides a great overall dining experience.  Their Asian/Fusion menu is impressive, and they have a wonderful selection of teas.  Their portion size is large, so expect to take some food home with you.  Prices are very reasonable, and the staff is very attentive.
5	You had me at champagne cocktails. I had been studying the menu of Spice Island Tea House online for half a year and now that I'm Oakland twice a week I was able to hit up this popular Thai fusion eatery. The restaurant has one of the old timey decorative tin ceilings and pick and mix chairs and tables and large indoor plants all  things that I find great.I ate here three times in one week.  When I fall in love with something I fall hard.  First trip I got the mango muso champagne and mango juice: I wish the cocktail would have been sweeter and  the rim of the champagne flute was not sugared good. For my entree salt  and pepper shrimp. They were so good I had an out of body experience while eating them. The batter of the shrimp was similar to a tempura and the serving size was good for the price $14.00.  Second trip: five spice chicken lunch special. This came with tom yum soup, Indonesian fried rice, and two vegetarian samosas.  This was my first time eating tom yum soup and I really liked the sweetness of the broth.  It had tofu, chicken, carrots and cauliflower in it. Third trip: garlic shrimp with broccoli and crab spring rolls.  The springs rolls were void of crab, tiny expensive, greasy and terrible. I'll never order those again. I look forward to many many visits but I'll be dining prior to 5 pm.This is an insanely good restaurant.
4	I very much enjoyed my dinner there a few days ago. The pork mango was very tasty! It's to my knowledge the best price/quality ratio of Oakland (entrees are around $11-13). The room is friendly and warm, although there is not much space between tables. The waiters were very helpful. Many Pitt undergrads, which you may, or may not, like...
5	Champagne cocktails are a dollar off the menu price from 5-7pm. I had the spicy fish cakes they were so yummy, and was served with a cucumber relish....I use the word relish very loosely here. The cucumbers were not brine at all but still tasty and refreshing. I had  2, 3 or maybe 5 champagne cocktails.  The ginger zinger really blew me away one part Spice Island Tea House  homemade ginger ale and one part Champagne served with a garnish of lemon.Eating at Spice Island Tea House has been the best thing I've done this year.
4	I'm not sure why it took me so long to eat here. I've walked past Spice Island for years but never went in. Maybe its because it's surrounded by ramshackle student housing on Atwood street, but honestly don't judge by the exterior.Inside is warm and inviting with low lighting and intimate tables. For drinks, there is a limited wine and beer list and also house specialty cocktails. The cocktails intrigued me the most so I went with the Gin Gin Mule (6.50) and wasn't disappointed.The menu is extensive. Both my date and I went with noodle dishes. I went with the Singapore Rice Noodles while she ordered the "famous" Pad Thai. Both hit the mark and the Pad Thai lived up to its hype. The Singapore Noodles could have been a little spicier but the friendly waitstaff brought out hot sauce which helped with the spice level.For appetizers we went with the vegetable spring roll and the deep fried hard boiled egg. The rolls didn't stand out any more than other places around town, but the fried egg was intriguing. If you like hard boiled eggs I would recommend this variation. For a couple drinks, apps, and two entrees the bill was somewhere between 50 and 60 dollars.
5	The food here is very fresh and very thai.  I really enjoyed the red curry with chicken -you need to try!  Ive eaten Thai at other places in Pittsburgh (and there are really no good asian restaurants in pittsburgh anyway), and this is THE place for Thai.
3	Takeout hot n sour soup, "Shan Tribe" to be exact...Big on flavor, lacking in value. Portion size is not something I really complain about but for a $10 soup dish that is described as having all this great stuff in it (greens, shrimp, shredded pork and noodles), you'd expect more than 4 quarter-sized shrimp and a few scraps of meat. This drawback could just be what you get for take out so give it a try at the restaurant and see what happens. Great flavor, once again and really intriguing menu. Possible upgrade to a 4* but we'll see.
4	Would be better if its more spicy:P
4	I love the interior design! The food is very good too! :) dishes come in large size too:)
5	The food here is incredible. The prices are very reasonable at around ~$10 per entree. This is the best place to have tea in Pittsburgh. I'm amending my old review because I think I gave the owner too much slack because while she makes me nervous, the food comes out extremely quickly and the waitstaff are friendly and helpful. I genuinely think this is one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh, I went here recently after a Spice Island drought and fell in love again. I had the Eggplant and Shrimp dish, it was savory and delicious. I cannot recall having a better meal in the past year. The dishes are on the level of E2, Park Bruge, and Eleven. I'm going back here ASAP, and can't wait to try their new drink menu. Here's a hint though: You can still bring your own wine, the waiter told me they were keeping the tradition alive. There's a $10 corking charge per bottle, a bit pricey, but what can you do.
4	My relationship with Spice Island started a few years ago (and coincidentally is one of the first times I can remember consulting Yelp!).  Some friends and I were walking through Oakland dying from hunger and couldn't agree on a place to grab some grub.Low and behold, open up the Yelp app and this place comes front and center.  We all agreed to try it out, and upon reaching the front door, I was convinced that it was a hoax.  DON'T LET THE FACADE FOOL YOU!This joint is a great diamond in the rough.  Walk through the beat down facade and you're meet with a much more welcoming interior and a staff that is happy to wait on you.As with most Thai/Asian eateries, there is no consistency on heat from a scale of 1-10.  I've order 10's, added hot chili oil and dried chili's and haven't broke a sweat.  Then I've ordered an 8 and walked out looking like I'd been stuck in a 100 degree closet with no AC for a day.As the others, I highly recommend the Pad Thai.  Not sure what's exactly different about it, but definitely a little more sweet than others around the city with a distinctive red color.Other great choices include the Rangoon Night Noodles, the Spicy Calamari, the Mango Pork, etc.  The choices are endless, so everyone can find something they'll like.
5	I love spice island. The mango chicken is awesome. I never have a bad experience here.
4	It's time to have dinner again in Oakland for the summer since most of the students are gone. Spice Island is such a cute place to go for amazing south east asian food. They now have ginger beer cocktails and champagne cocktails! I ordered a ginger beer cocktail and it was so tasty and refreshing. The food is great for the price. Portions are large! I always get the samoosas for the appetizer. For my entree I ordered the spicy laht nah. Tons of noodles and vegetables in a delicious sauce with ground chicken.  So tasty! I plan on coming back a few more times this summer!
4	Spice Island doesn't look like much from the outside (you can barely tell it apart from the typical abandoned storefronts that litter South Oakland), but this is truly a hidden gem in Pittsburgh. I have been going here since 2006, and I've never had a bad meal at Spice Island.Spice Island features Southeast Asian food, which I would describe as a harmonious fusion of southern Chinese cooking techniques with South Asian spices and local Southeast Asian ingredients. There is a Burmese fish soup with rice noodles called Mohinga that is to die for (and is the perfect takeout option if you're recovering from a cold). The tea leaf salad is a cheap and amazing pairing with a side order of coconut rice. There are a also a great variety of regional fried rices and appetizers. I have noticed very little turnover amongst the service staff over the years and the service is always good - which I think is always a sign that the owner is doing something right on the people operations front of the business. Several years ago after a later day at work, I basically ran in there 15 minutes before closing at 2100 and they did not bat an eye, rush me or give me a dirty look. If you pay by cash, you'll be able to get a 5% discount (although if you are with a party, it'll only take one idiot with no situational awareness using a card to bump you back up to the menu price).
5	I LOVE this place and everything about it! I have yet to order a bad dish at Spice Island. My friend introduced me to spice island tea house some time around 2003, and it has remained my favorite restaurant ever since.  Don't let the "hole in the wall" appearance fool you. My usual dish is called "Thai Ruby Red Basil Sauce" (formerly known as Ruby Chicken).  It is full of flavor, the veggies are cooked perfectly, the chicken is moist and plentiful, and the sauce is perfect. I seriously can't say enough about how awesome this dish is. I've also had the burmese fried rice, the pad thai, the chicken with string beans, the mango chicken, chicken satay, and the java friend rice. I have been more than pleased with EVERY dish! And I am very, very, picky (just look at my other reviews). The other love is the vegetarian samoosas. The outside is perfectly crispy and crunchy and the filling is perfectly seasoned and moist. The sweet chili sauce that it is served with is the perfect compliment. I have often ordered 2 servings of the samoosa - one to eat and a serving to take home for later. They really are that good. The tea is good, and I also really enjoy the coconut soda from time to time. The servers have always been very polite and very attentive, even when the restaurant is PACKED on weekend nights.  I don't think I have one bad thing to say about Spice Island. Other than... maybe its time to expand and get some more parking!
3	I was here a couple of times. Sometimes it's all packed up and you'd have to wait a long time to even get your take out...Overall the food is ok...I actually think it's improving. The first time I had pad tai and it was too sweet and too much sauce (the bad impression could also come from long waiting and food not so fresh after taking out and walking to schenley plaza to eat....) The last time I went there, I had a shrimp curry and it was pretty good.By the way, the place is always kinda dark....
5	Loved this place!! We were in town checking out the University of Pittsburgh for our daughter. My husband found this place on-line and I was a little skeptical. I had my heart set on something upscale, just because we don't usually eat at upscale restaurants unless we are on the road. But I am so glad he talked me into it! The atmosphere was so cool and the food was wonderful! I had the Lemongrass beef which was so flavorful and simply delicious. My husband had the Mohinga Of Burma which he said was amazingly tasty. Our daughters had Tofu salad dishes and they both cleaned their plates--unusual for them. My husband and I also enjoyed the cocktails and the girls liked the choice of teas. What a great value too. We would definitely come back. I wish I could pick this place up and move it to Chicago!
4	I love their noodle dishes! It looks like a hole in the wall from the outside but don't be afraid to venture in. It has a much nicer appearance inside and you will find yourself craving their noodles at random moments.
4	Consistently excellent and inexpensive food, especially the OL GAHT (eggplant puree), Samoosas, and Lemon Grass Beef. The Ever-famous Pad Thai and the Green-Lipped Mussels are good but not musts.
5	I was visiting Carnegie Mellon the day after and I stopped to have dinner here. The restaurant had fabulous good and I really really enjoyed the staff. Thanks for some great food!!!!
4	Out of 5:2.0 - three spices tea4.0 - Rangoon noodles: delicate flavor for a kind that is easily overdone3.5 - curry chicken noodles: much better when we ordered a side of extra sauce.  cilantro adds a nice dimension
5	Everything I've had here is excellent. Probably my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. The teas are great too!
5	This is my absolute favorite restaurant in the city. My favorite is the Thai Basil Fried Rice, but everything I've ordered has been phenomenal. It's an awesome atmosphere- dim lights, relaxed, quiet, calm- and the tea is great. My only gripe is that the tap water tasted like crap every time I've ordered it. All things considered it is a really good, affordable restaurant.
5	Spice island is hands-down the best restaurant in Oakland. The food is delicious, Every Time, and the folks who work there are always attentive and patient. The menu is vegetarian friendly and the tea selection is good. If you're around that way, have the Lat Toke and some Young Hyson for me!
5	Pan-Asian food.  Loose leaf tea and good vegetarian options.  Restaurant is in-line with Pittsburgh's tradition of fine eating establishments that look like pawn shops on the outside.  Seating can be tight during peak hours, but this is because it is the best place to dine in Oakland.
4	Excellent place for lunch; good vegetarian options. Delightful server. Loved the apricot tea. We'll be back!
3	Finally decided to stop by Spice Island for dinner after all the wonderful reviews I read on here. Maybe I came in expecting too much, but walked out of the restaurant quite disappointed. I mean the food was edible, just not fantastic. Atmosphere was warm and cozy, and service was fast and on point. I ordered the mango pork. First of all, I just want to say that I don't think the price is worth it for the portion. I paid ~$12 for a small bowl of pork and scoop of coconut rice, with a few strands of vegetables and a tiny slice of naan out of pity. It's not painfully expensive, but still on the pricier side, deserving "$$". The coconut rice was very good, and probably my favorite thing on the plate. The mango pork tasted exactly like curry pork. I couldn't find a hint of mango anywhere. Meat was soft and melted right in my mouth, but the seasoning was just average--a little too salty. All of the friends complained about the quantity and quality of their food as well. The one friend ordered their vegetarian pad thai and ended up with sour tofu in her pad thai. My assumption was the tofu went bad. Overall the food here is edible, but I will not return due to the price, quantity and quality. I don't think their food is worth $12 because I could get the same thing for half the price at a food cart elsewhere. If you do decide to come here, one suggestion: Make sure you double check their TOFU.
5	This was y second time at Spice Island and it was just as great as the first time.  The prices here and fantastic and the staff is attentive and our waitress, both times, were very accommodating.  The seating is a bit close but it is comfortable, the place is small but worth the wait and the close seating.  We enjoyed their fried fish cakes with cucumber relish for an app.  The Mango Pork with rice was so tender and flavorful and we shared a dinner portion of Singapore rice noodles with shrimp, pork & vege.  You can get a dinner portion for lunch if you want, just ask.  I have truly enjoyed everything that i have had here.  Flavorful, interesting spices and combinations and a vegetarian menu too.  I have also asked for extra spicy on dishes and they have no issues with making some changes.  I like this place and will be back.
3	This is a good place to come with friends. They have relatively cheap prices and huge portions. The wait staff is friendly and service is fast. The restaurant itself is small though so if you come with a large group, you might have to wait 10-15 min. for a table. Wait usually isn't too long though even with a large group.As for the food, their portions are huge but the food is mediocre. They have a mixture of Burmese, Indonesian, Malaysian, and Thai dishes. Lots of variety but the food is very Americanized, which you can also tell because all of the waiters/waitresses are white. I find their food a little bit too sweet.
5	The food and service was amazing! Some of the best Burmese food in town. I suggest the Lemongrass Beef entree. It was delicious. The space is cute and the staff was friendly. Worth checking out!
5	This is a favorite restaurant of mine, and I've been here many times. I always like trying new things on the menu, but my absolute favorite dish is the Mango Pork/Burmese Pork (they changed the same). Slow cooked pork in a dark, flavorful sauce and coconut rice, it's just fantastic. The Night Market Noodles, the Pad Thai and the Java Fried Rice are all also excellent.
4	Pretty good Asian Fusion in Pittsburgh. The chicken skewers are delicious by themselves but when you dip them in the peanut sauce HOOO WEEEEE IT'S A FLAVOR EXPLOSION! The lunch portion is huge for a very small price. The pad thai is okay, but I had food envy when I tried my friend's Rangoon Night Market Noodles. YUMThey don't get 5 stars because they could use fresher ingredients. Not trying to be a food snob, but I always recognize fresh shrimp versus frozen veined shrimp. Anyhoo...Staff was friendly/attentive. They have a pretty extensive menu that I'd like to explore next time I'm in town.
5	I've been coming to this restaurant (from Cleveland) for at least five years, but it never fails to disappoint. I'm excited to see that they added a liquor license, but that the eclectic ambiance remains the same. I had a homemade ginger beer dark and stormy, and spicy pad thai. Both were great, and spicy! While the pad thai may not be like Thailand's, it hits all of the pleasure centers of the brain. Plus, for $8 at lunch, I have enough for at least two more meals. Can't beat it!
5	Tremendous food. The Pad Thai is the best in PGH. I got it with the spice level of 8 and it was deliciously spicy but still edible and tasty. Huge portions and is available for delivery through Wheel Deliver.
5	The pad thai can't be beat. Seriously, just read the rest of the reviews on here. It is amazing. I've had dreams about it. Prices are fair for the amount of food. Everything is SO delicious. (To be honest, I really haven't tried many entrees on the menu because I am so enamored with the pad thai, but I've gotten appetizers and tasted friends dishes and they were all great.) The inside is cool, especially at night... it's very cozy looking. The employees are very kind.I will miss Spice Island dearly when I move from Pittsburgh. Parking on Atwood will be tough, as it is everywhere in Oakland, so maybe plan on getting take out if you're not a student who lives within walking distance. But do not miss out on the food here.
4	One of the more inventive restaurants in Oakland, and yes, still affordable on a poor student- er, shoestring budget. The satay chicken was tasty and flavorful, and the noodle dishes are all fantastic. I got the pad thai, and it was very tasty; friends I went with got various curry/noodle dishes, and all were wonderful.
5	Java rice! Definitely get it.My server recommended it to me when I went in because the menu was exotic and a bit overwhelming.It's your typical fried rice but better.I always tell my server to not make it spicy and leave out the shrimp.
5	I considered not writing this review mostly because I don't want Spice Island to get so crowded that I can't comfortably go whenever I please - but it deserves the good rating. I have enjoyed every single dish I've gotten from this restaurant, but my favorite classic is the pad thai. I suggest being adventurous with the menu because everything is good. Order a thai iced coffee and the daily special pot of tea and you're in for a satisfying treat. The service is prompt, the decor is pleasant, and the menu is well-written. If I leave Pittsburgh, I am going to miss Spice Island dearly.
3	Spice Island Tea House is a good restaurant but not amazing. I went on a Wednesday night. Because they're pretty small they can fill up fast. We got there at 6 and by 6:30 every table was taken and had gotten pretty loud. The service was quick and attentive. They were very accommodating. I can't give this place more than three stars is because I just wasn't impressed by their food. I heard the pad thai was good but it just wasn't that great when I ordered it. The sauce is very sweet with not a lot of depth to it. I thought it could have used more spice or something fresh like green onions or cilantro. Nor was I impressed with their "spicy" laht nah. Its favor was really lacking.Over Spice Island is good run of the mill thai restaurant with good prices and portions. For vegetarians out there, they are accommodating but almost everything on the menu comes with chicken and shrimp. I would go back if I were in the area but I would definitely order differently.
4	The food is pretty good, but why you go is for those menus made out of cardboard that are duct taped together and written on with sharpie. It is just a very unique place.
4	Beef rendang + coconut rice is so good !
5	Such a great place ! We were there a year ago and then went back there yesterday. The vegetable samosas are my absolute favorite. I had the trio curry which was very very flavorful. The veggies were very well cooked and spiced! My husband really enjoyed his chicken curry! The rice noodles are definitely a must try as well !!We had some teas as well which were very pretty good !!
2	Friend and I went here for dinner on a Thursday night around 730pm. Place was fairly filled so we got seats immediately. The menu is pretty extensive which took us much longer to decide on what to get. It had cuisines from Myanmar, Thailand, Malaysia, and Singapore. I got the Malaysian Sate Noodle with Seafood. The noodle to seafood ratio was somewhere along 4:1 and the dish was too greasy. So at one point I started to just eat the seafood and ended with a plateful of just...greasy non-sate tasting noodles. Friend got the Spicy Laht Nah of Thailand. It was alright, nothing too fancy. Definitely have tried better elsewhere. And Laht Nah's just not meant to be made with minced chicken. Aside from the fast service, the food was rather disappointing, which was kinda expected what with the million things they have listed in the menu.For those that are looking for authentic Asian food, this is not the place.
5	I'm a student living in Oakland and every time my friends or family comes to visit me at school, I insist on taking them to this place. You could walk right by this restaurant and never notice it as it's pretty hidden, but once you walk inside you'll find a cool quirky atmosphere. The Pad Thai is amazing, it is so so flavorful.
4	The raspberry herbal spice tea was truly the most delicious, unique tea I have ever drunk. The service was on point and top notch, but that could have been because they were closing soon and wanted to get everyone out. The food was fine. It had a lot of spice and flavor. The portions were huge. I got the Chiang Mai Noodles and the heat was present without being overpowering (I like spicy foods; if you don't, it will be too hot for you). I would have liked to have seen more vegetables and less noodles though. It was a plate with about a pound of noodles with only maybe 5 or 6 pieces of cooked vegetable present (hidden under the noodles, mind you). Overall, if it weren't for the tea, I would say this place is a 3-star place. The food isn't memorable and in fact left me a little disappointed. The tea, however, boosts it up to 4-stars. If you aren't planning on trying one of their awesome specialty teas, then I suggest getting your Asian fix elsewhere.
5	Best pad thai I've ever had, I don't know why I don't come here more often. The vegetarian option can be made vegan (without the egg, and no fish sauce), and it's filled with tons of delicious vegetables. At lunch you'll get a huge plate of it for $8.50. The service is also super fast and the servers are nice and attentive. If you pay with cash, you also receive a small discount. I wouldn't recommend coming with more than two or three people though, as the space is small and can get crowded at peak meal times.
5	This place is one of my favorites, but I still walk pass it even not realize it behind me already. Maybe it's because the sign of the restaurant is hard to see. I love spicy food and like when food has some spices. So this place give me what I want. Plus, their menu has a lot of choices. I'm looking forward to trying all in the menu. But maybe it's too much for someone who isn't familiar with south east Asia food. Ask your waiters. They are willing to help. I recommend you to try "lemongrass beef" in the curry and slow cooked selection. It is served with the rice cooked in coconut milk. The sweetness of rice goes quite well with spices in the curry. Or if you like spicy food, try "spicy chili fried rice with mixed seafood". Plus, don't forget to order tea here if you are a tea lover.
4	I've been here at least twice before, most recently about a year ago.  I'd say that it's one of the better options in the Oakland area for food quality and value.  I spent several months in Southeast Asia, and the food is fairly authentic.On my most recent visit, I ordered the Pad Thai.  While it was pretty good, it didn't blow me away.  The portion size was large enough that I ended up taking half of it home to consume the next day.  I also ordered green tea, which was good, as well.  (I'll have to try the Thai iced tea next time I come, since I'm on an iced tea kick.)  There are many vegetarian options on the menu, so this is a good place to bring vegetarians for a meal.The atmosphere is intimate and quaint, with interesting decorations, and service has always been decent.  Overall, I recommend this place if you're looking for Asian food in Oakland, particularly for students looking for a place to take the folks and for dates, or for a place to have a business lunch.
4	Best pad thai in the burgh! Small but comfortable seating area. Their java fried rice is also delicious but has a tendency to be too spicy, even at a level 3 I was grabbing for my drink. Def recommend this to place to all my friends
5	This place is amazing. The place is extremely unassuming. You wouldn't expect an amazing restaurant. It is extremely easy to entirely pass the place by.The meals are excellent. I've had a couple different fried rice and noodle dishes. They have all been very flavorful. No need for Siracha or soy to create the dish. These meals stand on their own.
5	If you're near Oakland and have some free time for lunch, give this place your business. The lunch menu is extremely fairly priced for what you get - the Pad Thai is no joke here. The thought of it haunts me sometimes, it's that good. And unless you're, like, bulking for a bodybuilding competition, you will probably take some leftovers with you. The noodles and rice are also very good.Quiet, chill atmosphere and no complaints about the service. I can't stay away from this place for too long.
5	Wonderful, affordable and a great atmosphere tucked away in Oakland.  We have eaten here numerous times and have always had a great meal. Our favorites are the Indonesian Festival Fried Rice and the Malaysian Sate.  They have great cocktails and a wide variety of teas.
4	Excellent food. The Vegetarian Spring Rolls and Vegetarian Samosas were both excellent appetizers. The Mango Pork was also very tender and delicious. My dinner partner had the Chiang Mai Noodles. They were a bit spicy, but delicious.I'm looking forward to going back in the future to try more from the menu.
4	This place is awesome. I've been twice now, once for lunch and once for dinner, and each time was great. The prices are low and the servings are huge. I really recommend the chicken pad Thai and the java fried rice. If you go for lunch, the portions are enormous so you don't need an appetizer or anything. Definitely will be back many times!
5	Definitely try the spicy fried rice with mixed seafood. The Thai iced tea is also delicious. The line on a Friday and Saturday night gets crazy after 7 pm so try to go for an earlier din if you can. Lunch specials are fantastic if you're looking for great food with limited time!
5	A small (15 tables that seat 2), unassuming restaurant in which the menu is eclectic and prices are reasonable. It's easy to miss, because the outside sign is not prominent.  In order to fully appreciate Spice Island Tea House, you need to come here frequently so as to taste the wide variety of soups, rice and noodle dishes, and appetizers. The entrees are tasty and flavorful, if not absolutely delicious.  (I'm not impressed with their vegetarian spring rolls). Go through the other reviews on Yelp, and you will notice the wide variety of entrees that are recommended. The average price  of a dinner entree ranges from $9 to $15. Surprisingly, for such a small restaurant, they have a wine list  (I can't comment since I don't drink). A short wait for a table is typical, but the service is passable.  Highly recommended.
4	Every time we eat here, we try something new and never have been disappointed. This last time I had the Mango Chicken. Big chunks of mango in a yummy brown sauce. Thursday nights are $1off beers, so I took advantage of that and had a Stella Artois along with my meal. Perfect. My husband ordered the ginger salad and loved it. He had the Pad Thai as his entree, but said it was good but not the best he has had. He eats a lot of Pad Thai, so I don't think that is so bad. The waitress was super nice and efficient. Food came quickly and prepared perfectly. Who could ask for more? Granted the exterior is a little shabby, but once you eat there, you really don't let that bother you. You will be back many times!
4	This place is cheap for the amount of food you get. I got the green curry and it was absolutely awesome and spicy. It's great for groups and the vibe is really nice. I didn't expect a place so close to Pitt's campus to be this good!
2	I came here for lunch today. I love hole in the wall restaurants, so I was really excited ... but I left somewhat disappointed. I got the shrimp skewers combo - I only use the word combo because I don't remember what the official name was, but it came with a salad, two samosas and rice. The salad was basic, but good - the rice and samosas were amazing. The shrimp though ... Was terrible. WAY WAY overcooked ... it was the same consistency as chicken. Terrible. Some of the photos and other reviews say to try other things - like the Pad Thai - so I will give it another shot, but I will not order shrimp here anymore.
4	I ordered the Pad Thai. The dish was good, I especially liked the fresh ingredients. I personally like Pad Thai with wider rice noodles. Also we ordered the chicken satay skewers with peanut sauce, which was really good. For the portions however, the price is a little high.
4	I have been there three times, each time ordering different food. Some are fantastic some are rather average. The mango chicken is nice, though a little bit too sweet. The Pad Thai is fine but Singapore Fried Noodle is average. The beef&broccoli, I forget the exact name, is average. The drinks are nice, though expensive for canned juice.
5	Friendly staff, generous portions, incredible food.
4	Really good Thai, Burmese, Malaysian food! If you like a sweeter pad Thai this is the place to go!! Their menu is huge and I've been trying to get something different each time but you tend to form your favorites. They have delicious teas too, so if you get tea, I recommend the Three Blossoms tea, it is my absolute favorite! They're cash only so keep that in mind and you aren't able to be seated until your whole party has arrived so keep that in mind
5	We had the Pad Thai w/ shrimp & chicken;possibly the tastiest thing I ever ate in my life!
4	Spice Island Tea House is a nice cozy little spot to catch up with people! I went here with a friend for lunch, and it was a great environment for talking and eating. SERVICE - pretty good. Our waitress was attentive and helped me pick some appetizers. The restaurant itself is small-ish, and the atmosphere in the restaurant is very casual.FOOD - I think you get a decently big-sized portion for the entrees, which I was happy with! Definitely had leftovers for later. My Rangoon night market noodle was tasty, and my friend liked his food too. We split some appetizers, which were yummy, but maybe a bit pricey considering how small they were. As a heads up, this place is switching over temporarily to serving street food style dishes soon, with more info on their website. I'm actually more excited about what's coming up, so hopefully I'll be back to try that!
5	In love with the fried tofu. This place has been consistently great for many years. Worth going to Oakland for, and that says a lot.
4	Spice Island has a nice selection of Thai and Malaysian foods. I also love the Hawker Stand transformation. I would have to agree that their pricing is a little on the high side for the location and the ambience. If they had more comfortable seating, I would be much more willing to pay $12 for a lunch time entree. I have tried a few things, but their Panang is the best I've had in Pittsburgh. Yum!
