3	Let me start by saying that I will be back here to give a more thorough review soon, but for the time being, this will have to do. We wandered in here the second night it was open, so it is totally fresh and new. It was not packed, although several people may not even know it is open yet - the grand opening is actually next weekend, the 22nd and 23rd. If you go to their website you can download a free pass for either night. We walked in and the whole downstairs area was closed (another reason why maybe no one came in, it looked like nobody was even there) but the bouncer directed us to the upstairs area. This place is definitely roomy, had a good crowd and once we had a few drinks we didn't care about the "fresh paint" smell anymore. Bartenders were quick and they had great music playing, and flatscreens all around. The crowd was dressed well, good looking and a bit older/sophisticated (hopefully this stays!) We have not tried the food yet, but I will edit this review once we do. In the meantime, go check it out, it's a cool place.
3	I decided to check this place out to watch the 3rd Panthers pre-season football game.  After tailgating for hours on end, I stumbled awkwardly over here with a few friends.Atmosphere:  There was a good mix in the crowd that night and you saw people decked out in Panthers gear and people dressed up for a night on the town.  The lights are low and the music is not so loud that you cannot hear yourself speak.  TVs are all around in here with a few big screen projection TVs, so this place is great for watching a game.  The website says "With 30 large flat panel TVs, a state-of-the-art sound system and flat panel TVs at every booth, you have no excuse for missing even a minute of the game."Layout:  There are 2 entrances here, one upstairs across from Suite and Whisky River, and then one downstairs on the other side of the escalator leading up to the 2nd level.  The first floor has more tables and a longer bar that is plenty spacious.  Straight through the entrance is more dining seating in the back with a view to of College St.  Head up the stairs for 2 more bars, a ton more TVs, and a few less tables.  This is where the magic happens after dinner, kiddies.Food:  My friends and I decided to go with an all app / liquid dinner.  I had the chicken quesadillas and the clam chowder (I was feeling froggy).  I would recommend both to anyone.  Others got a few of the salads and there were no complaints from the table.Overall:  I have only been once so far, but I did end up spending the better part of 7 hours in this place so I am sure I will be going back soon.  I will update this as I go back a few more times.
4	UPDATE:  I have now been to this place several times and the same positive tings I wrote about it the first time have continued to ring true.I predict this will become the best sports bar in uptown Charlotte and best alternative to the other bars in the Epicenter.
3	Good looking bar and the 25 - 35 year old patrons here take their socializing very seriously.  Really packed with people, you can hardly move.  The rather boring whisky selection and non-existent likelihood that this place will ever slow down will probably keep me from going back in the near future.  But if I happened to be walking by and noticed it wasn't a zoo, I'd hop in for a drinky drink.  There are two levels at the Epicenter.  If the ground floor is a wall to wall mob, shoot up the stairs and check the second.
3	Went to watch a little football and grab some food on an early Saturday afternoon when it was definitely not crowded upstairs. It had plenty of tvs and a decently priced Game Day menu as well as $2 Miller Light pints (or i think they offered $18 towers of beer). One thing we liked about this place was it had a lot of windows and wasn't dark and dreary like most bars tend to be. The buffalo tenders (medium--which were actually pretty hot for just medium) and chili cheese fries were good food for football. My only complaint was the tenders could have been more completely soaked in sauce.Subsequent visits update: Nothing too outstanding about this place.  i've been there on a packed night, it was fine. Crowded trek to the bar. Not a first choice of mine, but i would go back to use a free appetizer coupon or if it is the only place with people inside on a dead night out in Charlotte.
3	I went here for a Bank of America Luncheon that was buffet style. The food was really good. We had some chicken breasts with melted cheese on top......some tasty mashed potatoes, and some vegetable. For dessert we had some brownies that were kinda nasty. Looking forward to going at nighttime since people have said this is the "hotspot" at night.
2	Speaking of fratty, it doesn't get any frattier than BlackFinn. I mean, ever. This isn't necessarily the worst thing ever, but know that going in. It's filled with fratty prepsters and scenesters and frat rats. That's about it. Not a lot of diversity. Everyone out trying to get some action or get drunk, or both.What I like about BlackFinn is that it's packed at night and is always a good time if you're looking to really get after it. Packed with twenty-somethings a few years out of college, it's like you're back in the old basement of the frat house, with the same music and same binge-drinking. The basement, though, is now a really nice bar with a lot of space and a great sound system. And the drinks are really good--not too expensive, but then again, not free either. During the day, BlackFInn is much quieter. You can even get a nice lunch there or a nice afterwork drink. Check it out. All your friends have or will.
1	The hostess didn't even tell us what was upstairs or that there was a back room. The back room had too few tvs for a place that claims to be a sports bar. The beef sliders were tasty but not worth the $ 8.99 charged. The napkins were heavy duty, yet I feel they could have spent a few extra cents & got linen ones instead. GO SOMEWHERE ELSE-you will be glad. A six pack at home is better than the sterile atmosphere promoted at Blackfinn.
4	I wouldn't even go in the first time I went by.  There seem to be plenty of bars just like it in Charlotte.  But looking for anywhere to go for Fat Tuesday, we stopped here and they had beads.  The upstairs wasn't open yet but that was what turned me off the first time.  Decent beer and liquor selection and I loved the really high ceilings so it didn't seem so smoky.We tried their excuse for a hurricane but at least they made the effort.  The chicken/beef skewers came with a healthier serving of beef than chicken if you'll believe that.  One was too rare for me but the others tasted great.  The teriyaki sauce on the side was a nice surprise.  We also tried the wedge, typical but still really good.  The fish and chips was split for us as asked and when we complained the fries were only lukewarm, the waitress returned with a whole new plate of piping hot fries.  Later in the night as the bar thinned out, there was group trivia which was fun.  All in all, I prefer the feel of the downstairs.  It actually didn't feel like a sports bar to me which is great because I really don't like them.
2	Weak happy hour crowd- mostly uptight bankers.  Menu is pretty good.
3	I have been to Blackfinn a few times, and I really go back because all of my friends are in love with the place.  Personally, it is really like any other bar in the city.  I watched some NCAA final four games there, and I have also been there on a regular Saturday night.  The prices are average for this area and it really is just another bar in the Epicenter.  That is just me though, most of my friends seem to think that it is great.  I had the mini burgers once, but was so hungry at the time that I would have thought dog food tasted good - so who knows how they actually were.  It does get pretty crowded on the weekends and it can be difficult to get a drink from the bar.
3	Just OK...
4	From reading the reviews on this place, I always thought there were two floors to this place....I just got that confirmed, thanks.I decided to go somewhere that had trivia on Tuesday nights. We read that BF had trivia on Tuesdays, so we decided to check it out. We entered and was told that trivia was held in the area to the left and to find a seat. We arrived about 8:45pm and it was PACKED. There weren't any seats available. As we were figuring out what to do, two ladies were leaving, so we got us a table within five minutes. They had specials on Blue Moons ($3) and Coors Lights ($2) that night, which was good with me, haha.  They have a full menu here to eat from if you're hungry (which I was). I started off with an appetizer (some chicken quesadillas), which were VERY good. For my meal, I tried the Blackened Chicken Alfredo (which was decent....the noodles seemed a tad bit overcooked....kinda rubberey). They had TV screens all over the place, playing mostly baseball (I guess b/c that's the only main sport on right now). Trivia was supposed to begin at 9pm. It got started around 9:15 or so. They had 4 different trivias that night. One was about 90's TV shows, one was about movies, one was about music, but the catch was it was ALL country artists, which definitely is not my cup of tea....got  4 right out of 12, and I was suprised I got that many right, haha. The other trivia was some puzzle kinda thing which had my mind going...too much thinking required after downing about 4 beers, haha.Overall, I really like this place and now that I know that there's an upstairs to check out, i'll be sure to check that out the next time I go here. As a matter of fact, I might check this place out for my birthday on Friday
2	I'm not going to lie...I've definitely made a night of it here every now and then...but the pin stripe button down bankers who think they are god's gift to the world really ruin it for me.  Plus, it's pricey as frick.  No thanks....
3	I was in Charlotte last month for a retreat and was really looking forward to all the places the ladies had picked, as they looked delicious on their menu online.After traveling all day on Friday, the first day there, I was super hungry and super tired. A big group of us walked over from the Doubletree, and as I oohed and aahed at the city I've never been to before, I got to the Black Finn and was like "umm this is it?"The menu seemed pretty expansive and I didn't want to take forever to order so I played it safe and ordered a club sandwich on the croissant. Wow, was I ever disappointed. It was cold and nasty, and honestly, after a day of all day travel from CA to NC, I wasnt in the mood to complain, so I ate half of my sandwich and left the rest there. The only reason I am giving this place three stars is because of its exceptional customer service (they gave our group free appetizers) and because of their amazing PIneapple Upside Down Cake Martini.
1	Hard to believe a place that bills it self as a saloon would turn me off from ever coming back for food, much less another drink....but Black Finn sure did that this weekend.We were there for an after work function upstairs in the bar, so clearly drinking was on everyone's mind.  However, the bartenders seemed to squash the idea of this.  We were likely going to have 3 drinks each and at a whopping $7+ for Jim Beam, $42+, would have been a nice take on the bartenders' part and for Black Finn.However, these were the weakest drinks EVER!  I used to bartend when I was in college and a normal pour is a 5 count...these guys were doing a quick 2 count.  You'd think if you're working in the bar that you want to make your patrons happy with a decent pour, so they'll tip more and come back for more....not here :-(So, after the first round, I thought I'd try a different bartender who might know how to make his customers happy....EVEN WORSE!  I saw him do an even quicker 2 count pour.  It's especially apparent when you have a dark liquor how little was in there...all at $7+ for Jim Beam?!?!?!?So, as he brought it to me, I cancelled it and told him why and he couldn't care less.   There are dozens of options, especially in Uptown....it never ceases to amaze me what businesses will do to lose customers and not make money.   Instead of $42 + tip, we walked out of there at $14 + tip.
3	A tad expensive, but other wise delicious. And yes, I realize that I was in a place where everything would be expensive... Touristy club spots sort of do that to a business.The nacho appetizer is hearty and perfect for splitting with someone else as a meal or even just for one person if you eat a lot in one sitting. We got it with pulled bbq mixed in and it was the perfect blend of cool, sweet, and spicy.My boy and I also split a seared tuna salad. It was smaller for a salad, though it came with a decent portion of seared tuna (enough for use to each have 4 pieces). The dressing it comes with marries well with the rest of the "Asian-themed" salad and, since it was lighter, worked out wonderfully with the heartier nachos.Our friend ordered a regular salad with chicken and it was a much larger portion than our tuna salad, so keep that in mind. I guess the "fancier" the salad is, the less of it you get...Every employee was smiling and friendly to us, from hostess to server. This in spite of it being drunken US World Cup Soccer Team Time. I don't know how they did it, but it was a pleasant experience all around.So great service, good food, but a little on the pricier end of things.
4	I had a quick dinner here after coming out of my movie at the Epicentre theaters.   I sat outside and ordered a wedge salad and the chicken sliders.   I got a Blue Moon draft beer to wash it down.The waitress was actually quite cool and suggested that the sliders were pretty substantial and said she could work her magic and get me a half order of wedge salad.   I obliged.The wedge salad was super tasty and still the portion was more than ample.   The cost: a mere $2.99.    The sliders, as she said, were quite large and I was only able to eat 2 out of 3 before I walked away completely stuffed.   Good service, good food, good prices.   I'd come back for sure.
2	Very OK! Food was cold and kinda bland. I guess if they are going for English fair, they nailed it. I wasn't impressed and wont be back. I will say our waitress was nice and the service was the only good part about that experience.
2	Not only does this place contain too much chain restaurant look and feel it seems that they consistently overbook their upstairs space.  The first time I went it was for appetizers and drink specials.  40 minutes later the apps were finally set out and the drink specials were on domestics beers.  One glance at the apps sent us off in search of something else.  After the first visit I dubbed them Blackfinn, never intend to back again.However, another scheduled event unwillingly brought me  back.  The second visit pretty much rang true with the first visit.  That said, I'm more of the type to search out local, non-chain treasures that focus on quality and freshness over standardized menus.  Others prefer the consistency and predictability of some such menus.
2	I'll start off by saying that I'm not a huge fan of the Epicentre, not that I don't drop in from time to time, just not a huge fan... (too many hipsters)That being said, I decided to give Blackfinn a shot. I have now been in two or three times. The food is decent, nothing that will blow you away, but not bad either. The chicken sliders are good, as is the seared tuna salad. The waitstaff seems to be very friendly and attentive. The place can seem to draw in a large crowd on weekends, so the service suffers a bit (to be expected, I guess). The beer selection is boring, only a handful of taps and they are mainly Bud, Miller, Coors type beers. At $7-$8 a beer I expected them to at least carry a couple of local or regional beers. If you are at the Epicentre and are looking for a good place to have a beer, there are better places.Over all this is not a bad place, but it's nothing special either...
3	Our alumni group has designated this place as our official game day location to watch football.  The hubby and I went here to watch the first game of the season.  We enjoyed ourselves since we were surrounded by fellow alum, but there's nothing too special about BlackFinn.  It's easy to end up here if you're uptown and want something a little more low key.  It's pretty much the usual sports bar with a limited menu.  They have quite a few flat screen tvs and a couple of projectors for viewing games, which is nice.  Sometimes it's hard to find a place to sit because they really don't have a huge amount of seating for the size of the place.  Last time we were here the place smelled like a grimy college bar when we walked in.  I don't think it always smells like that, maybe it was because of the large number of beer towers being served that day.  Overall it's not a bad place to watch a game and have a few beers.
2	It's what you would expect.  Super crowded the night I went, you could barely move and there was a $5 cover.  If I didn't have a major case of fear of missing out I would have gone home!  The nice aspects are easy access to the patio if you need a breather and moderately priced liquor.
3	This review is based on my experience eating there, not for night time activities. I went here the other day for lunch since Citipass had a BOGO coupon there. We were sat quickly and enjoyed the outdoor area since it was a gorgeous day out. The only complaint with the outdoor area is the creepers you get walking by but whatever, you will have that everywhere. Server was courteous, knowledgeable and quick with a refill. I couldn't have asked for better service (and many who read my reviews know I am very picky about my service from working in the restaurant biz for a number of years). Food was surprisingly tasty---I've heard mixed reviews about their food so a bit weary of eating there if it was going to be just average food. I had the blackened chicken sandwich which actually packed some punch and served on ciabatta bread. Anything on ciabatta makes me happy. As for going there at night, I've been once and that was my first and last time. It was too much of a college scene for me and while that can be fun, I enjoyed that way to much when I was in college. Personally, I don't need to be reliving days of singing "Pour Some Sugar On Me" at the top of my lungs while doing Washington Apple shots in a cramped atmosphere but to each his own.
3	I don't particularly like BlackFinn, but it's usually the first stop on a mischievous night of bar hoppin'. The bartenders are cool and the food is decent. I've sat down and had dinner here several times, and service has always been top notch. Due to it's popularity, you literally do rub elbows with your neighbor and on occasion, someones ass might even rub up on you; sometimes intentionally, sometimes accidentally. One thing they got going for them is that it's a fairly great place to watch games because they even sell insane pitchers with spouts. They also charge a cover charge on weekends. A cover charge for a bar? Man, funk that!
3	We had a charity event held here not too long ago. I thought the place was clean, lively, and served some pretty legitimate big dog food. They had BBQ sandwiches, Burgers, Fries, etc.We were in the upstairs party room, which I'd call the Champagne room. We were poppin off watching the Yankee playoff game on 27 different tv's. Despite a big turnout, the bar was not overwhelmed and was easily accessible due to it's great size/location.I do look forward to going back and possibly getting shwasted downstairs.
5	I just moved from Scottsdale to CLT so I am really tough on the establishments here...  I went to Blackfinn as a skeptic having read the reviews left here on Yelp.  I have to say they were awesome.  Although very busy, the GM interacted with us;  the wait staff was quick and personable; and best of all the food was stand out.  I had the Ahi Tuna w/ seaweed salad.  I will be back, and would definitely recommend the restaurant as a whole.  Well done.  Cheers
3	I came here last night for dinner with a few friends. They checked ID's at the door (I think we got there around 9pm and it was Friday). We ordered a few drinks and the spinach artichoke dip for an appetizer. We were ID'd again at the table which was strange, maybe it's a law? We also ordered our food at the same time. Some time later our food came out, but we never received our appetizer so we asked about it. Literally a minute later we were greeted by a friendly guy named Peter, who was the restaurant manager. He said the appetizer was on the house, and that they were sorry they didn't bring it out sooner. We chatted with him for a bit-- very friendly and nice guy, and you could tell he really cared about the service we were receiving.My food was good-- I ordered the Slider Trio Sampler which came with 3 different sliders (a burger, fried chicken, and pulled pork), and 3 different dipping sauces to go with them (au jus, mayo, and coleslaw). I ordered a side of garlic mashed potatoes as well. I must admit the spinach artichoke dip was absolutely delicious. My friends were raving about how it was the best they've ever had. The potatoes were also amazing. The sliders weren't anything special, but still great. I'd eat here again, definitely.
3	By day this is a great spot for lunch.  The salads are huge for just 8 or 9 bucks.  The specials like the meatloaf and mashed potatoes are to die for!  I love getting the shrimp appetizer as a dinner, it is a ton of food and can totally substitute for an entree.  As a late night spot, yes they charge cover but get there early and you will be ok.  If you go with a group of your friends then repelling the 21yr old Bud Light drinkers gets easier.  Always great dance music and if you want something mellower just head downstairs!  :-D
4	I have been to Black Finn a few times in the past to drink but never to eat.  I always think of this place as more of a bar than a restaurant.  I guess some people do eat here.  This review is based on an excellent experience provided by Black Finn for a buddy's birthday.       The atmosphere here consists of a two level bar with a kind of staged Irish bar feel.  There are a decent amount of TVs at Black Finn, mostly on the second floor, though I have never seen people watch sports here.  The crowd on a weekend night consists of people of all ages, and covers your frat guy to your business guy.  For this night, Black Finn offered a great birthday package from what I gather was free.  It included for all guests an arrival without a cover, a $25 card for the birthday guest, free light appetizers, and special drink pricing of $2 beers and $4 mix drinks.  The pricing and free cover was well liked by all especially being that this was on a Friday night.  The hostess we had for the night, Kat...I believe, was attentive, positive, and made the night very enjoyable.Overall - This was a surprisingly great setup by Black Finn that added to an excellent night out with friends.
4	I've been to BlackFinn a few times for lunch and dinner. It gets pretty busy during normal lunch/dinner hours, so I recommend going at off-peak times or making a reservation. The restaurant has two levels and indoor/outdoor seating. Bar area downstairs is relatively small but great if you want to watch some games and arrive early enough to get a table. The upstairs bar area is much larger and can get rowdy when home games are on the TVs. Recommended parking is in the Epicenter garage, which is usually $10 on weekends; be sure to bring cash as you have to pay before entering the garage. In terms of food, I've had the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich, the Blackened Chicken Sandwich, the spinach and artichoke dip, and the margherita pizza - all of which were very good. And the fries that come with the sandwiches are fantastic dipped in the restaurant's homemade ranch.Service here can be touch-and-go, which could be attributed to not enough staff being scheduled or the sheer fact that this place is always busy. Last time we went for dinner before a show at Belk Theater and the food arrived at different times and it took quite awhile to settle the bill. But overall Blackfinn is a good choice for decent food and a fun atmosphere.
4	While EpiCentre can be a little crazy on some evenings, filled with youngins poppin' their collars and drinking entirely too much, BlackFinn has always been a solid stop for me. I've been here a few times for drinks with friends (not super late into the evening, mind you) and once for lunch. Both visits I enjoyed great service, a fun & vibrant atmosphere and limited engagements with 22 year old party kids. A few things to note...1) The space itself is great. I haven't made my way upstairs yet, but I've heard it can be a fun time. Downstairs is more akin to a pub atmosphere...plenty of TVs, booths and high tops to grab a seat. This space can get pretty crowded when a popular game is on, so just be patient and polite. Or go somewhere else.2) Their fries are goooooood. Really good. Especially after a few bevvies. 3) When I popped by for lunch, I had the roasted veggie pizza. Damn, Gina! It was super flavorful, generous in portion and filling. I would absolutely go back just for that reason alone. Keep an eye out for drink & food specials as well as plenty of event nights here. I hear they are offering a champagne special for ladies coming up in April?! Yes please. Bubbles. Now.
4	You have Smithwicks (smiddcks) and Fat Tire on draught... SOLD!  Obviously they have other beers and a full bar, but this was all I needed.  BF is located right at the entrance to the Epicentre and is always lively.  They have King Kong size HD projection screens at each end of the first floor and one on the 2nd floor stairway heading up to the second bar.  On the first floor, they have tvs installed into each booth to support for ESPN habit.  As far as food goes, I have only tried two things.  The Buffalo Chix and the BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich.  Both were delicious but the buffalo chix was far better.   Grades:A+  BEER A+  Bar atmosphere/locationA+  TV location and quality of programming (sports)B    CleanlinessB+  Staff attentivenessEnjoy!-Ian M.
3	Standard pseudo-Irish pub.  Would give it 3.5 stars if I could - food was a slightly above average but the crowd and waitstaff was just average.If you are looking for a decent sandwich, a couple beers and some TVs to watch -- a good choice.
2	Came here for corporate function. Nice thing is they have a lot of tvs to watch the games  but beyond that I thought the bar food was subpar.Blackened brie - it was a little too charred.  Calamari was lifeless and all crumbled.  Hummus tasted fine if you could actually taste it despite the overwhelming seasoning of the bread/pita. Nachos were a bit stale. Chicken strips less than exciting and lukewarm. etc.Probably wouldn't come back here ever as there are better options.dmo out.
2	Very generic fare. Bartender too friendly. Lots of TVs.
4	As a place to go out, this place is great.  I personally stick to the downstairs because upstairs turns into a dance party for the 21-25 crowd after 11, but the staff is awesome and totally professional, and they have a good selection of beers on tap.  The food is good for a bar, not great.  The crowd is a little higher class than what you would find at Whisky River or the clubs in the area.  Of all the places in the Epicenter, I think this attracts the most mature crowd (not including upstairs).  This is the first place I came to when I moved to Charlotte and didn't know anyone.  I never felt awkward and the bartenders made me feel right at home.Join their facebook page.  They give you a code word to get in free every weekend.  Saves you the $5 cover!
3	I had two completely different experiences at BlackFinn.  Experience #1:  Upstairs about an hour prior to close.  It was DEAD.  The one server working was robotic and clearly not the sharpest tool in the shed.  I was impressed that she could breathe, however, since she had her bewbs pushed up to her throat.  Seriously kid, this isn't Hooters.  The drinks were overpriced, but the food was decent.  The frat-boy types at the bar, hooting and hollering at the Braves game, made me wish for industrial strength rubber bands  (either to shoot at them, or to shoot at myself.  Either way, I'd have been distracted).Experience #2:  Downstairs after the upstairs had closed.  The prices were still too damn high (more expensive than my local bar in midtown Manhattan!), but the server down here was a complete doll!  If I would have known the  bottom part was so awesome, I would have come here right from the start.Overall - 3 stars.
4	It was our first night in Charlotte and thus place was really good. Plus, they had Guinness on draft. Lindsay was our waitress and she took great care of us. We will definitely be back!
3	Black Finn has become one of those staples in Uptown Charlotte now since it was one of the newer guys in the Epicentre. The restaurant/bar consists of 2 floors and both couldn't be any different than each other. On the weekends or during football games Black Finn will be very packed. On Friday and Saturday nights, it's almost impossible to walk around upstairs while the DJ is spinning hits. It also may be difficult to get a beer during this time, FYI. Downstairs isn't as crazy usually and there is no DJ. I heard they just changed their menu and that it is very tasty. I have only had little bites of food recently, so I can't tell ya more on their grub just yet. Overall, I think Black FInn is a place where most go to watch a football game or get a little sloshed on the weekends before heading to a club nearby. It is definitely a younger crowd on the weekends but older people tend to mingle here after work. I personally only go here if someone invites me who is already there. I don't make it a destination place... but it could be different for you.
4	They have way better than average pub food (5 stars!) I had a fantastic side salad with tons of pine nuts, kalamata olives, red onion, shaved asiago cheese and a homemade Parmesan dressing. One of the best salads I've had in a long time!I also had the seared tuna with peppercorn crust. The app was about $13 a bit pricy for how much tuna I received- however it was excellent as well.$18 BlueMoon pitcher things (I don't know the name) but they pour about 2 beers per person amongst 4 people.  If you have to watch a game...but don't want traditional game-fare food this is the place for you!
2	Flatbread was great but the rest was so so.  Sit in the bar on game days...plenty of TVs
5	Amazing!Phenomenal customer service!Informative team of waiters!Attention to detail was excellent (i.e. drinks filled immediately and empty plates removed quickly)Large bar with separate quiet restaurant attached good for a perfect night out =]Definately will go back I have nothing bad to say about this place and its perfect location, setup, and service! Highly recommended!!!!!
3	I can't believe I haven't written a review for BlackFinn.  Must be because of my wishy-washy relationship with the place.  Sometimes it's great.... sometimes it's not so great.I love the location in the epicenter, right in the middle of it all.  I don't mind eating dinner or grabbing lunch on the weekends when there is a sporting event on tv.  My biggest problem with BF is that it can get super super crowded on certain nights.  Probably not a problem to have for the establishment itself, but when it feels like you can't breath or it takes 30+ minutes to get served at the bar...there are issues.  The upstairs bar is a nice location... but if you've had one too many - watch out for the stairs.  They tend to be on the steep side.I will continue my love-hate relationship with you BlackFinn!
4	This review is for the BAR only.It seems that there are a lot of local college team bars located in Charlotte.  We found out that Blackfinn is the local Virginia Tech bar.  Since the wife went to Tech, we checked out this place during the VT-GT game while in Charlotte.  All I have to say is WOW.  The place was absolutely jam packed with Hokies. I could have sworn that we were in Blacksburg.  Even the servers and DJ were wearing Hokie attire leading VT cheers. The bar itself was extremely packed as expected, but the drinks were pretty strong and were very reasonable.  The venue is also very large with 2 floors with enough TVs for you to get a good view of the game.  Definitely the spot to watch the Hokies if you live in Charlotte.
4	We were visiting friends and decided to head into Charlotte. Decided to head to lunch and choose the black fin. Waiter was good. Food was good. Two problems they need more beer selections and they need to take discover. All and all there good.
5	This place is so much fun!I have never gone at night because it seems a little too busy for my taste but that just proves how great this restaurant is!They have amazing food and the staff definitely remembers us every time we are in town. I love when a waitress or waiter comes over and asks if you want the Cab or the Pinot?  Even when there is a rush and the staff is running around like crazy, whenever I grab someone they instantly smile and acknowlegde us.The food is also killer!  I love when everyone knows the specials and can tell you that they have tried them all and what they pair well with.This is a first and last stop whenever we are in Charlotte and I highly recommend them!
4	again, i have to reiterate that i am no fan of the epicentre (or actually any place that spells it centre instead of center.  what is this?  canada?), but my buddy Trav and i were looking for yet another lunch spot.we thought we would give blackfinn a shot even though our only idea of the joint that it was that it was a spot where popped collars scream at ACC sports on the television.at the hostess stand, we were then escorted back to a section of quaint dining instead of the bar area.  it was sort of the charlotte room since it was covered in blown up high res photos from all around town and the lamps on tables had the queen city logo incorporated into them.there, we were greeted by our fantastic server, ti anna.  its good when a server can trade barbs with me when my inner smart ass kicks in, it especially adds a nice break from workplace doldrums on the lunch hour.the menu, she said, is going to be expanding shortly to include another twenty or so items that all looked appetizing.  but i was focused on the lunch special of the day... crab cake sliders with fries and apple slaw.  apple slaw?  yes, cole slaw with tart green apples in it.with a sort of roumalade sauce already on the sliders, they were perfect.  the fries were good and there was no overpowering season to them.  i was actually surprised by the apple slaw and finished off the little side cup easily.for the meal i got, i had just enough room for an easy to swallow bill.  she offered us dessert, coffee, or shots which we had to refuse after short deliberation.  i am eager to get back there and keep going through their lunch menu.
3	This place is two stories of walnut with a little bit of flash.  Lots of TVs to watch sports on in the bar.  The menu looked really good.  I went to the bar and got a full service meal very quickly.  People were friendly and seemed to know each other, it seems this is a pretty local kind of place, and I like that.My only issue was the loud 80's music.  Freeze Frame?  Culture Club (Do you really want to hurt me) ?  Are you KIDDING?  That costs you a FULL STAR.
3	Their sausage and pepperoni flatbread saved my life!   I was hungover in Charlotte and we met friends here for lunch.   Service was spotty but they didn't seem to MEAN to forget to give us silverware (d'oh!).  The boys received their chicken entrees but had no way of eating them for a while.Still, this marvelous thin-crusted flatbread creation was the perfect solution for my upset stomach and hurting head.  Thanks, BlackFinn!(btw, the boys were both pleased with their sausage stuffed chicken, and Becky seemed to like her fish and chips)
4	I like that Blackfinn has three distinct atmospheres that it implements in any given day. 1) In the early afternoon and evenings, the establishment resembles any typical American bar, offering a decent selection of drinks (at normal market prices), and a number of different pub foods with sports coverage on all of their many mounted televisions.2) One also has the choice of forgoing the bar and having a dine-in experience with a full waiting staff in a much quieter and cleaner setting. The food is presented nicely and tastes quite good for a pub. Blackfinn, hands down, has the best Lime Grilled Salmon that I've had in Charlotte. The fish is nicely crisp on the outside, with a salty bite and flaky core. Sandwiches are also delicious/cheap and the french fries resemble the extra crispy french fries at Burger King. Go for the Blackened Chicken Sandwich! Notable appetizers: Ying & Yang Shrimp, Spinach and Artichoke Dip, and Blackened Brie3) At nights and on most (some?) weekends, the bar turns into a makeshift nightclub. You'll always find this place packed on a Saturday evening with a live DJ spinning upstairs and a large dance floor that gets filled around midnight when everyone is wasted out of their minds. You have to pay cover, but it isn't very much and the music is semi-ok :)Always come here with company, otherwise you'll stick out like a sore thumb. Often you'll see the Charlotte workforce coming here after work for a quick pint, so don't feel awkward if you're the only one dressed casually. Waiting staff is friendly and attentive. Just don't piss anyone off :PThe tables are kinda (inevitably) sticky!!4/5
4	I really enjoyed the food, the service and the atmosphere here.  My mom and I ate here for restaurant week and its was delicious.  The blackened brie is a definite winner as is the decadent hot chocolate dessert.  All the staff were very attentive and I also liked how the managers showed an involvement in the restaurant which is something you do not see all the time. Will defintely be going back.
4	Update !!  Went upstairs to the full bar, on a Thursday night.  It was like a huge party going on, lots of games on the TV, lots of groups mingling, some girls complaining about their boyfriends... normal Thursday night stuff.  Music was much better.Had the fish and chips - of course.  My food was out from the kitchen fast, and was hot and excellent.  Bartenders were attentive and looked like they were having a fun time.Should be a crazy time CIAA week !!
2	I went with a group of friends and there was a long wait so we took a table by the bar.  Our waitress was very nice and she was efficient the whole time.We split a bunch of appetizers and the chicken BBQ salad which was an epic fail.  We ordered the salad because we thought that it would have beans and corn and everything they promised but it did not, it was basically a green salad with speckles of corn and maybe 5 beans.  The chicken was over cooked more towards the burnt then crispy side.The appetizers were okay, the quesadilla was good, the Mediterranean platter was not, the hummus was fine but the other stuff on their was just really salty but I could not make out what it was.The drinks are well priced and fairly made even though the bartender did not know how to make a side car... really?? I would come back for apps. and beers but only if someone else had the burning desire to go.
5	Yet another great stop in Charlotte...what is it with this place...who knew they would house so many great places to eat! Anyway - love the feel of this restaurant and the staff. The food is also top notch. I would highly recommend the blacked brie and chicken tenders as an appetizer. Brie I am always a fan of - but I love the paring - put a little bit (or a lot depending on how much of a cheese lover you are) on the ciabatta toast, then top it off with a slice of apple and then a dollop of the apricot cranberry chutney - delicious! And the chicken tenders....I normally hate chicken tenders, but these were so tender and jam packed with buffalo flavor, I couldn't help myself to reach for another one. Now when it comes to dinner, I am not going to lie - you are going to have a hard time picking something out since everything on the menu looks so good. I mean it took me almost 30 minutes to decide - I kept on going back and forth on a couple of things - but I am happy to say I made the right choice. I was a bit nervous since it was a little out of the box for me - but when I took my first bite of the Hong Kong Style Chilean Sea Bass - I thought my taste buds were going to explode. So rich, so delicious. The sea bass just melted in my mouth. Oh and the coconut curry rice cakes that they come with are to die for. Again, I was a bit nervous since I don't like curry, but the coconut defiantly balances it out. The only thing I didn't really like were the snow peas - they were a bit too oily for me. And so since we had such a great experience with both our appetizers and dinner - of course we had to order dessert...or should I say dessertsssss. We had the BlackFinn Hot Chocolate which was very decant, rich, chocolaty, and peanut buttery. But regardless of how good it was, I focused myself on the Season Fruit Crisp. This would have to be by far the best apple crisp I have ever had. These super HUGE crumbs were so packed with flavor. Again, another item that just melted in your mouth. I had to literately stop myself from grabbing the dish to eat the whole thing myself.If I ever come to Charlotte again, this will be my first stop!
4	Food was great....not your typical American portion (which I have to say is nice). Especially when u travel and cannot take home leftovers.  I hate to see food go to waste.Nothing spectacular but certainly nothing to complain about.  Our server was very attentive and food came out correctly even with special orders.
1	4 credit card transactions appeared on my cc statement instead of 2 after i visited their bar.had to call blackfin a few times! they blamed on amex! amex assured it's on merchants side!never got a call from general manger! mr jeremy ash i'm still waiting on u to return my calls....very unhappy! :////check your credit card statements after u visit them!!!
3	My wife and I settled on this place when stepping out one night in uptown. While we were looking for someplace a little more cozy and upscale for a light pre movie meal and didn't feel like venturing too far away from the Epicentre. It helped to have the manager invite us in as we were perusing the wall mounted menu.We were initially seated inside next to a boisterous bachelorette party. After no server appeared for a few minutes we asked the hostess to seat us out on their patio. This was the perfect move.We shared the ahi tuna along with the hummus appetizer and some drinks. The portion sizes were just perfect for sharing and everything tasted good. Though we didn't sample very much on the menu, based on our experience I'd eat here again though probably when out with the guys or for lunch rather than for a weekend date night.
3	I came here with a Bachelorette party for dinner on a saturday night and ended up staying for some dancing upstairs.  The food was satisfying: I got the mac and cheese with some smokey chicken on top.  The 3 stars if for the dancing portion because it really is a makeshift set up - not conducive to getting my groove on without knocking over chairs and people.  I liked that they had tv monitors every few feet playing music videos to coincide with the music and the clientele was pretty youthful.
4	This was a rare occassion, both my wife and I were uptown at the same time.  We atteneded a gathering of fellow team mates on my bike team here at BlackFinn.   As the gathering slowed down, both of us were hungry, so we sat down and had dinner there.She had a large salad (I cannot remember the name of it, but it came with a light dressing), and I saw the fish taco's.  I love fish taco's, and jumped at the chance to try BlackFinn's version.We were upstairs, and there was another gathering going on over on the other side of the bar.  With them, and all of the TV's, it was not a nice quiet place to have a nice dinner with your significant other.The food was delivered fairly quickly, and I have to say, the service was excellent.My wife's salad was a good size for her.  It was chopped and she enjoyed it, finishing it up very quickly.My plate had 2 fish tacos, and a side of rice with veggies and a lime sauce.   The tacos were small, but very tasty.  Just enough heat to make it interesting, and not having to grab mulitple drinks to put the fire out.Both of us enjoyed our meals, but BlackFinn is too far away for us to go there again anytime soon.  Also, the level of sound was distracting.But the bar was one that I would like, if I had a bar.  A solid wood bar, and a great staff behind it.So if you are wandering around uptown and are hungry, you cannot go wrong with BlackFinn.
4	Just had to commend BlackFinn and their staff for the quick and friendly and festive service during the DNC.  While we didn't eat a meal here, we did have a couple of refreshing beverages during all the pre-speech activities on Thursday.  Needless to say, it was busy, but not overly packed inside the bar.  While we stood at one of the hightop tables, a couple gentlemenly employees brought us over 2 stools!  Impressive!  There were also a few times we needed to use their a/c and facilities during the heated hours outside at the EpiCentre, and we were never questioned or turned away.  Thank you BlackFinn for being at the right place, at the right time!
5	While in Charlotte last week we chose Blackfinn for our Staff Meeting as the "relaxing" night out prior to the madness of the event and 5 am wake up calls (hate those)!We had 8 people in our party.  Our server was funny and very attentive.  There was not one complaint on any of the items that were ordered.  I personally had what I called a "smorgasbord" of appetizers.  I started with French Onion soup, then a wedge salad (no bacon, of course) and the soft pretzels with cheese!  Loved every bite!I will definitely go back to this place and would highly recommend it.
3	Blackfinn is centrally located at the Epicenter.  I was only in Charlotte for the day.  The restaurant and their fladbreads came highly recommended by several co-workers.  The bar was a little loud with happy hour going on at 7 pm so we opted to sit in the dining room and had no issues with noise level.  It's a nice place without being too pricey.  Black linen napkins to avoid remnants of white lint on your suit.  Our server, Jordan, was impeccable and was extremely helpful in picking dinner.  My boss originally wanted the Hong Kong Style Chilean Sea Bass.  Before ordering it, she asked Jordan if soy is involved in the preparation due to a soy allergy.  He was very upfront and politely said the fish is marinated in soy.  Bummer.  In lieu, he recommended another Chilean Sea Bass dish that worked out well.I ordered a "B" = Blackfinn favorite, which was the Lemon Chicken.  It was under seasoned but the chicken was tender. I would not order it again but would be willing to try a flatbread next time around.
5	Best Ribeye I have ever had!!! I had the First Cut Ribeye w/ sweet potato mash and asparagus. The steak had the prefect amount of seasoning. It was all wonderful. Enough for two to share or great leftovers the next day. They had a good wine list. We went on a Saturday night and we had reservations. It was very busy but we were in & out in about an hour. It seems like a cool place to hang out if you have some time to spare. Our waiter was good, actually helped us make our decisions with our meals and I was really delighted. Like I said BEST RIBEYE I HAVE EVER HAD.
4	A standard saloon with extensive but not (entirely) overwhelming menu, BlackFinn stands out for their sides.  Sure, the steak was good, the fish and chips were nice, and the tuna was well done.  But the sides have won out every time.  The mac-n-cheese is LEGIT, the goat-cheese grit cakes are lovely, the carrots are so sweet and the broccoli is cooked perfectly.  Add on a wedge salad that is big enough for the salad to share (not exaggerating - it's huge) and I'll be making a meal of the extras next time!
3	Very crowded on a Saturday, but it was race day and game day.  Food was super.  Service was slow.  But again, it was very crowded.  We eventually had to leave because the DJ music was just simply unbearably loud.
4	I was in the Queen city over a recent weekend for the Panthers game, and was staying at the Omni in "uptown" Charlotte.  Me and my friends wanted to check out the Epicentre entertainment area and in particular my friend mentioned he had heard good things about BlackFinn. Low and behold the first place we see was the BlackFinn Saloon located on the first floor (There are two floors. The second floor is a more traditional dining area). We were hungry, but also wanted to watch college football (it was Sat. night), so we sat at the bar in the saloon level and ordered drinks and a menu.After perusing the pretty extensive food menu, I decided on the blackened chicken with penne pasta. It arrived in good fashion and I enjoyed my dish. It wasn't the best pasta I ever had (the chicken was a bit dry for example), but it was filling, and a step up from what you might typically order in a bar. My friend ordered the pork chop which came with mashed sweet potatoes and collard greens and that looked really good. Probably better than what I ordered.I have to commend the bartenders on the night I was there (Carly and Z). They were really on the ball and were always ready to fill my drinks and answer our questions about food/drinks and the Epicentre . The Blackfinn starts off as more of a sports bar/tavern in the earlier part of the night and they play classic rock type music while showing the games on a wide variety of high def tv's.  After the games are over, they remove the tables, bring in a DJ and crank up the music (They do this on Saturday's anyway). Personally, I like their sports bar/tavern incarnation better, but the night club version really packed em' in, so I can't blame them for wanting to take advantage of the throngs of people looking for that type of entertainment at the Epicentre late night.Overall a very fun evening in Charlotte and a place I would visit again, when I am in uptown Charlotte.
2	I held a birthday party at this location on Saturday night.  The communication before the event was fantastic however, when we got there we were given different messages.  I assumed we could hold tables for 3-4 hours at least since I was dropping hundreds of dollars on drinks and catering for the event.  I was mistaken!  They gave me about 2 hours then REMOVED the tables completely stating that they were on the dance floor.  I only wish I was informed of this earlier.  The food was not great and one tray was brought out very late so guests did not eat it.  Service was poor and but we had a nice time regardless.  If I had all of the details for this location I would have chosen to have the party elsewhere.  Live and learn!
4	The BlackFinn restaurant is in a central location in downtown Charlotte. We visited on a business trip on a Tuesday night, and the place was hopping! The wait was 30 minutes, but fortunately we found a place in the bar with no wait at all.Sitting down, we were quickly served drinks and enjoyed the bar, which is typical in these kinds of restaurants. Loud, tons of TVs playing sports, and lively.Our appetizers came quickly and we enjoyed the buffalo wings and calamari. The wings were meaty and a little spicy, and the calamari was not chewy.Dinner was split in the group between the Ahi Tuna, Fish Tacos, and Chopped Seafood Salad. All were well received by the group, and I enjoyed my salad as well. The salad had a coleslaw kind of appearance and taste, which doesn't sound all that appetizing perhaps, but it was tasty and had a nice portion of seafood.Overall, the experience was very good and we had a very nice evening there. Pricing was average for this kind of place, in my opinion. If you want a nice, quiet evening, I would suggest some other place!
5	What a menu!! I thought this place was just a sports bar... I came in with a big group and each dish was better then the next. The ying-yang shrimp and the blackend brie got the party started (along with the round of Car bombs the manager Lewis brought to the table for my friend's birthday!) As good as the food was, it was Jordan's attentive service that really did it for us, he set us up on Whisky River's guest list for later... We never made it though- the music and fun bartenders in BlackFinn upstairs had us dancing and laughing so we lost track of the night. So great to have a place like this in Charlotte!
4	I rarely go out uptown but if I do, this is often the place. It's a nice pub that is usually packed but pretty casual for being uptown. They do a great job of catering to groups and parties. I have attended several events that included free appitizers and drink specials. they reserve several tables for your group upstairs.
4	We visited the Blackfinn American Saloon before a Bobcats game on a recommendation from a friend. The Kentucky vs Louisville game was on TV upstairs in the saloon area with a room full of vocal Wildcat fans. Being a graduate of UK, I thought that I was in a bar on High Street near Rupp Arena back in the old days! I ordered a filet (medium) with fries and a draft beer. The place was nearly at capacity, and we were lucky to find a place to sit down. A waitress came over immediately to take our order. She returned in under a minute with the beers. A different waitress took our food order about ten minutes later. Take note gentlemen...these two young ladies were both sexy and very engaging...just saying...The steak was cooked slightly longer than I would have liked, but it was still good. The fries were very crispy which is how I like them. The menu is comprehensive for a pub and offers something for everyone. Fish, steak, soup, pork, chicken at reasonable prices for a downtown location. I enjoyed the food and atmosphere enough to recommend it to anyone looking for an alternative to the name brand restaurants in which you are guaranteed to overpay. The house sets the menu, hires the cooks and waitstaff. But, it is up to those bartenders and waitstaff to offer the service and provide a positive experience! Our waitress checked back with us numerous times to see if we needed anything. I love that. Now pay attention here...you cannot teach someone to smile. A person that is truly engaged in their work will go to extra lengths without having to be coached into it. If you want to go to a fun place with good food and terrific service, then consider Blackfinn the next time that you are in downtown Charlotte.
4	My best friend and his boyfriend were in town for the holidays, so we decided to check out Epicenter to grab a drink. Luckily, they were slammed with a late lunch crowd, so we were able to sit at the bar.We were immediately greeted by a young girl bartender, who easily took Brad & Trent's order. Me on the other hand, well, I took a bit longer (I don't drink beer).  About 30 seconds later, a gentleman bartender came up with a drink menu & suggested I try the Pom Finn (three olives pomegranate vodka, pom wonderful, lemon slices and sprite on the rocks or straight up). How he knew off the bat that I would enjoy this is nothing short of amazing!  Within a couple of minutes, we all had our drinks in hand.  My Pom Finn was wonderful! So yummy & it came in a tall glass.The location is two floors, so plenty of seating.  The bar staff were all friendly & quick with taking drink/food orders for other patrons.I definitely want to go back & try their food one day.
3	Sad to say I was disappointed with BlackFinn. I looked so foward to eating here. I went with a group from work. Apps were served for our group but I ordered for myself. I got the swordfish. No no no. The pasta was soooooo strange. It tasted like the white wine sauce had "bad" wine. Can wine be bad?? lol. The swordfish was cooked well with the parmesan crust. That gave it some flavor, and it wasn't too heavily breaded. Luckily one of the lady bartenders/ waitress (I guess) noticed that I barley touched my meal, and took it off my bill. Who wants to pay for bad food? She had pink in her hair, never got a name. Thank you!! I got the truffle fries in place of my meal. They were good. BlackFinn has a nice atmosphere for sports and drinks. Great upstair bar area.
5	I have been to Black Finn several times so far on my business trip to Charlotte and I'll be back again before I leave. Very friendly, attentive staff and I have YET to find anything on the menu I don't absolutely love!The blackened brie is a must-try; the cranberry-apricot chutney really balances out this dish and, despite how my Weight Watchers point tracker might feel; I ate the whole thing! French fries are some of the best I have ever had, crispy without being greasy and they have been fresh every time. The Lemon Chicken entree is also delicious, the chicken is very moist and tender. I could go on, but I think you're getting the picture!This is hands down the best game-watching place I have encountered here in Charlotte and although I was the ONLY one watching it one night, the bartender had no issue flipping to the Chicago Bulls game for me. I felt a little bit more at home in a strange new city. 5 stars for sure, keep up the awesome work B Finn!
5	We went here for dinner to kick off my bachelorette party. Everything was great! I had the Pom Finn to drink and it was delicious, but the Caribbean Mojito that my sister got was my favorite. Our waiter, Jelani, gave a lot of good suggestions on the food, and he was a good sport in putting up with our bachelorette party antics. He even brought out a chocolate mug cake for dessert on the house! We ate downstairs, but we saw that there was a DJ on the top floor. We planned on going to a few bars around the epicenter after dinner, then coming back, but we didn't have time. I'd like to come back again though!
4	Good.
5	Great place to go on Thursday after work!! Awesome service and venue.
4	Looking for a place to kill a couple of hours before a Yelp event at SMG at Epicentre, we decided to pop a squat at the bar at BlackFinn for some apps and dranks.My GPS managed to navigate me directly to the EpiCentre parking deck (hooray!) where I got a prime parking spot.  Parking in the deck  - $3 per 30 min with a $20 max - so if you are there for dinner and a movie, prepare to pay $20 for parking.  Find the elevators - there are no signs that I could find on the side that I parked on to tell me that - but find the elevators, they will take you directly up to where you need to be.  After wandering around like a tourist for a bit, I walked upstairs to BlackFinn.  It was around 4:30, so I was sent to the bar downstairs, as the upstairs wasn't open yet?  Whatever... we found a spot easily at the big bar downstairs and were served by a friendly bartender who kept us drowning in drinks for 2 hours (great job!).For apps, we sampled the pretzels served with cheese sauce and the queso (more cheese) dip with tortilla chips.  The soft and warm pretzels, instead of being coated in coarse salt, were lightly sprinkled with what I think was parm cheese - good job - very good, much better than me flicking salt off all over the bar area.  The cheese dip was creamy and had a mustardy undertone to it.  The chipotle queso and chips were also very good.  They both made for great snacks to get us ready for dinner at the movies.  Friendly, efficient staff, typical uptown restaurant/bar prices, good food, workout from up and down the stairs - yay BlackFinn!
5	Me and friends were in town for the Pink Concert and decided to grab a late lunch / early dinner here.  My first concern was that the St. Patrick's Day Festivities was going on and the pub crawl was beginning when we came in.  Service was quick and server was able to take order without writing anythig down.
3	I'd been here a while back for a Yelp event so we headed here when we were looking for a place to chill rather than get onto a crowded Light Rail train. Extremely loud music and really, not all that good. But we had a couple of beers and managed to shout over the racket for a bit.If you're planning a visit, I'd recommend avoiding the band. Why does it have to be so damn loud?
4	Minus one star because it seemed the dining area was a little dark. Anyways...I dined here sometime a month ago for lunch. Good selection of food and drinks. My server was very kind and helpful. Good place for lunch and dinner dates.
3	Not a bad place to get a moderately priced lunch and dinner.  I had a very good salad for lunch, and a lasagna for dinner .  Happy with both of my choices.
4	Stopped in to test some of the local brews and was told by Mike C that the crab cakes were legit. I chalked it up to everyone else who thought theirs were good. .. and then I received legitimate lump crab cakes to rival Baltimore! A hundred different towns and a thousand different tries. So  pleasantly surprised to find the real thing here. I will be back!
5	I have been here twice, now.  Once, I got a dinner entree, and the other time, a burger.  I was extremely happy with both.  The atmosphere, location, and staff were also pretty good.  Definitely worth checking out!
4	A great spot for a sit-down lunch in uptown. Service is impeccable! They do their best to bring out your lunch in a timely fashion. I am partial to the pick-two. Salad and flatbread. The BlackFinn Salad is amazing! A simple yet delicious salad. It has parmesan cheese, pine nuts and onions! Amazing. Very well managed too!
3	I have been here a handful of times with coworkers for dinner and drinks.  This is a safe place to go for drinks and dinner.  They have a pretty standard menu with nothing to special and crazy.  The times that I have been I ordered: -chicken wrap:  very safe and healthy choice especially because your able to sub out the fries with a side salad.  -burger with fries:  very safe as well, and was pretty good.  I don't know what else to critique about it. -pasta:  don't remember the exact pasta that I got but I do remember walking out satisfied and not complaining. The service and staff personally are very polite, attentive, and very professional.  I will be back here since my coworkers love this place.  enjoy!
2	I am not a fan of the Epicentre where this place is located.  It is chock full of themed restaurants that are probably owned by the same company kind of like in an airport.  Chaotic and not fun, and this is one of the many cookie cutter places in the joint.   I'm guessing BlackFinn is a chain.The place is so loud and hard to even think, even if you are in the dining room.  The food, however, is pretty good.  I had a seared ahi tuna salad and it was delicious.   The tuna was good, albeit light in the serving.   I would be surprised if it were 3 ounces.  I did like the flavor.  I also liked the broccoli, which was steamed and nice.  However, the wine list was awful.   The same wines are available across the Epicentre in the 24 hour CVS.  For example, Menage a Trois is $8.99 in every CVS and gas station in the country, and they are selling it there for $8 a glass.   Plus they have Sutter Home White Zinfandel which they sell by the single serving in Penn Station for desperate passengers boarding Long Island Railroad after a long week.  I really didn't see much I liked at all.Anyway, the food was good.   The environment was noisy and not fun or anything special.  The wine was terrible.The service was pretty good.  I've experienced better.  Next time I'm in Charlotte I will find a new place.
4	Went here with the family for a late dinner on a Saturday night. Fish tacos were great for not being on a body of water. The brussel sprouts were pretty phenomenal. Will hopefully come back without the family for a drinking night at the bar portion of the establishment.
3	Decent food. Nothing to write home about. I wouldn't go for dinner but lunch was ok. I hear there's a good happy hour scene. I can't remember what I ate but just remember it being blah.
2	Sat outside to grab a drink with a friend on a Friday evening. The hostess seemed scatterbrained and nervous, as if she was new, but she made us feel kind of uneasy and sat us at a dirty table. A female server came over and wiped down the table after we asked, but sprayed us and some of the table scraps got flung on us as well - yuck! I'll probably go elsewhere next time, but their cucumber gin drink was pretty good.
4	Pros:Friendly staffDecent selection of beer on tapGood foodDecent number of tvs to watch games onCons:LoudA little pricey, even if you are only having appetizersVery much a place for hipsters (only a con in my opinion)I would go back here, but would definitely do it earlier in the evening.  It was taken over by the hipsters around 9, and they came in huge groups.  So they were loud and acted as if they owned the place.  Probably a good place to go for a late lunch, or early dinner.
4	If you're a Hokie fan, go to this bar on Saturdays and you won't be disappointed.Stayed in the bar upstairs, plenty of TVs and a great gameday atmosphere.  We were there for games, beers, and appetizers.The staff wasn't overly friendly, but very polite  and everything came out timely and accurately.We got the nachos and calamari.  The nachos were awesome and plentiful for our group of four.  The calamari left something to be desired as they came out cold, a bit soggy, and not very tasty.Overall, I'm looking forward to returning for gamedays to come, but because of the hipster epicenter feel probably steer clear otherwise.
4	We decided to try out this place for dinner inside Epic Centre.  The food was absolutely delicious.   I had a chef special which consisted of a sesame style salmon that was the best.  I told my wife if she reach for my plate one more time, I might have to stab her hand with the fork.The drinks wasnt nothing special and expensive for well liquors.  Mixed crowd and everybody was very nice.  Its a little pricey but the dinner was well worth it but next time I'll have drinks elsewhere.
4	Good food, decent service and very loud atmosphere.I was in Charlotte for business and ate at Blackfinn three nights in a row.  The food was that good.  The restaurant is located about two blocks from the Hyatt where I stayed, so it was an easy decision to return knowing  that I would get a good meal after an extremely long day.  I twice ordered the Blackened Chicken and Penne in Alfredo Sauce, soooo delicious.  My co-workers loved their meals as well.  One raved about the Macaroni and Cheese with Barbecue Shredded Pork and another said the Fish and Chips was perfectly cooked.  There were several others from my company that dined here and all loved the food.  No complaints, just recommendations.Dining outside is an option for a much quieter experience.
2	Horribly mediocre... And overpriced. Avoid if you can. Service is okay, but the drinks follow the gouge-the-customer standard of "first one strong; all others watered down". You are paying for their high rent at the epicenter - why? People in Charlotte do not know good food, because they don't have anywhere to eat it. Read the glowing reviews of Blackfinn, then come here and overpay (with all the out-of-town bank employees/clients) like everyone else. Then go home and try an figure out what you paid for.
5	These out-of-towners visited Charlotte for the first time this weekend to see the Carolina/New England game. It was a MNF game, so we chose to hole up here for all the Sunday games. Let me say this place does it right when it comes to football. They make sure to cater to their customers by showing all games in the bar. Food was great, and Mike C is one of the best bartenders around. Don't miss this place in the Epicentre!
3	Solid 3 star restaurant.  If you want to rate it 4 star then I have no problem with that.There are two sections to the place.  One is a bar side with TVs to watch the games.  There are small TVs in the booths too which is cool.  The other side is a more traditional dining experience.Menu is wide ranging from cheaper burger and sandwich options up to higher end dishes including steaks.  I stayed to the sandwich side of the menu and was happy with the meal.  Thumbs Up - Chipotle Queso Dip - Cuban Sandwich - Cheese Steak Sandwich - Beer selectionThere are probably better and cheaper places in Uptown to choose from but I was satisfied with the experience here.
5	We celebrated a birthday here this week and really enjoyed the experience. The food selections were almost overwhelming bc there were so many intriguing dishes to choose from. I kinda like that the portion sizes were modest. Great portion control but just enough to fill you up. I had glazed salmon with mashed sweet potatoes and my friend had the Chilean sea bass. Both were excellent. The first class hospitality was very nice as well!
1	Worst whisky sour! the bar tender had never even herd of it. But still charged me $15 for the piss she gave me :(
5	Perfect Selection of quality food.   I had the ahi tuna meal and every bite from start to finish was awesome.  Their dining room is perfect for you to show off charlotte's history for out of town guest, as they have pictures new and old and lots of facts about Charlotte along the walls. They have food for all types of eating, Gluten Free, Vegan, Paleo, however you eat you can find it here.
3	Average American restaurant, good food, but nothing special. Safe choice restaurant.   Bar area is loud, a bit difficult to talk and hear.
3	REVIEW PROBABLY ONLY HELPFUL FOR VEGANS/VEGETARIANSI recently went there in desperation to find a quick bite to eat while on break from jury duty. I have dietary restrictions so I knew they may not be able to accommodate me (no meat, dairy, eggs). They had a couple of options; Salads without cheese and veggie flatbread pizza with no cheese. GOOD ENOUGH FOR ME. I chose their veggie flatbread pizza, no cheese. It was good. Was it worth the price? No, however, I was so hungry and had limited time. The fact that they were able to accommodate me made me happy. The staff is friendly and helpful. I'm sure if I was a meat/dairy eater I would frequent the place, but I can't say I'll go there often due to the price of my only options. I will go there when I'm in a bind again.
5	Really enjoyed my meal at Blackfinn.  We went there for a business dinner in 1/14.  We started with Southern Nachos; the pulled pork had a nice flavor and added a nice new element to the tried and true nacho.  Then had the Shrimp and Grits.  I am always a fan of shrimp and grits and our really helpful and pleasant waiter said they were his favorite.  AWESOME!!!!  The grits were grit cakes, crispy on the outside and had a nice flavor with some goat cheese in it.  5 large shrimps were included and the cream sauce had a fantastic kick in it.  Andouille sausage in the tasso cream -really really good. I will go back every time for it!! Also stopped in there for a drink on a Thursday night; its in the Epicenter so it had a nice, varied crowd.  20 somethings all the way up to 50 year olds were in there.  Very friendly and laid back atmosphere with a really nice, helpful and funny bartender.
4	I have been here several times for lunch. My parents and I went here for lunch again today and it was great. The fish tacos were AMAZING. I am seriously still craving them and I am full. The french dip that I had was average as was the french onion soup. The service is great and fast. Love their french fries. Solid place to grab a bite to eat in the Epicenter.
5	Stopped in here after many other attempts to eat but alot of places didnt open until 5pm so in we went.    Low expectations for a bar type restaurant however this place exceeded our expectations. We sat at the bar since it was the Panther playoff weekend and the place was jam packed.   The bartenders were both great and chatty which is enjoyable when visiting a city for the first time.  We shared the ying yang shrimp, margarita flat bread pizza and the blackened brie.   All get 5 stars with the blacked brie leading the pack!  We will revisit this place next time we are in Charlotte!
5	We came here before going to a Bobcats game and loved it. Definitely try the chipotle queso dip! I got the blackfinn chicken wrap and my boyfriend got the queen city chicken - we couldn't get enough of both. Recommend the grilled asparagus with it. Service was excellent and cool atmosphere near the arena. We'll be back!
3	First off, get the pretzels. The place is a nice place to sit, relax and have a good meal and drink. The wait staff was very friendly and we had quick service.
5	We were in town on a business trip, and had the weekend to ourselves.  We took the train into Charlotte and walked around town looking for good places to eat.  Stumbled across BlackFinn and what a fantastic surprise! The bar was packed for the Panthers game, but we had no trouble getting a seat.  We shared Ying-Yang shirmp, which was half pound of crispy shrimp tossed in a sweet spicy asian sauce, garnished with sriracha on the side.  Wow, was this amazing! The MARGHERITA flat bread pizza had tomatoes, garlic butter, fresh mozzarella and basil and was absolutely delicious.  And words can not describe how wonderful the BLACKENED BRIE was, served warm with ciabatta toast,sliced apples and apricot cranberry chutney.  The bartender even brought us extra toast at no charge.  Our mission was to visit as many places as possible, and I wish now we had eaten a meal here, or come back again later in the week.  We visited 35 restaurants and bars in 12 days, and BlackFinn was in the top 3.
5	My husband and I walked into a restaurant across from blackfinn, ordered a few iced teas and jumped right on yelp to find a better place to eat as where we were sitting was nothing more than disgusting fried bar food (whiskey something). After reading yelp reviews -you can never go wrong- we decided to come here & SO happy we did! We visited on a Sunday around 3pm, we were seated promptly and our amazing server "Katie" quickly came and got our drink order. We got the spring roll appetizer, and the blackened Brie based on yelp reviews. Spring rolls were okay, but more like a lettuce wrap, but the Brie was absolutely amazing! Entrees were fish tacos, one beer battered fried, two grilled - both were wonderful, the batter is perfect. Husband (a chef) got shrimp and grits, one of his favorites that he can NEVER find edible at other restaurants, trust me he's tried many many places. The presentation of the food is gorgeous, especially the grits, but the look on his face was priceless. His words exactly were "I have never had better shrimp and grits anywhere, ever!" - that says A LOT! Every aspect of visiting this place was phenomenal - the husband enjoyed his birthday even more because of the food and top notch service. Can't wait to visit again :)
3	Some family was in town for the weekend, and we were hungry at about 2 PM on a Sunday. Not everything is open on Sunday uptown, and it was pouring rain. The Ritz they were staying at is across from the Epicenter, so we decided to go to BlackFinn for a quick lunch.There were a few people there watching the game, and we sat down by all of the tv sets. The big projector was pretty blurry--they should probably invest in a new one. I got a salad for lunch, and we had wings to start. The wings were pretty good--they had a bit of a kick and had a good amount of meat on them. My salad came out at a pretty average speed, and it wasn't everything I expected it to be. It was shredded lettuce with stuff on top that didn't add much character and a dressing that didn't wow me. It was pretty disappointing.The service was good--our waitress had a good personality and was quick and attentive. Would I come back? Doubt it. Maybe if there was a game, but there are so many alternatives uptown that I'd try first.
4	With a dear friend visiting who hasn't been to Charlotte in the past 15 or so years, I decided it would be fun to head up to the center of the city to show what is new and exciting in Charlotte these days. After walking around for about an hour, we decided to go to the Epicenter to have a beverage or 2.  We ended up sitting on the patio at Blackfinn.  Our server was super sweet and  very helpful (wish I could remember her name so that I could give her a shout-out!).  The only downside for us is that we were trying to get a spot out in the sun on the patio, but because of the buildings, everything was shaded (a common problem for most places in the Epicenter.)   They have an ok selection of beer & wine.
3	The food here was good, nothing that wowed us when we went. It was a good atmosphere with good service. I ordered one of their burgers and fries that they were well known for, but it didn't stand out as anything extraordinary. We were all satisfied with what we had. The one thing that did stand out was their cornbread. That was excellent. I would go back, but I wouldn't go out of my way to make a reservation or plan an evening around it.
3	BlackFinn is a good lunch option in the Epicenter.  They are fairly quick and have an extensive menu.  My favorite dish on the menu, and one of my favorites in Uptown, is the ahi tuna salad.   It is done with a ginger vinegarette.  Great way to take a break for lunch.I've also been to work functions at night.  There are plenty of private areas that they can give according to the group size.  They will also lay out a nice spread with a large catering menu.
5	First time here, but definitely not the last   Nice casual atmosphere, excellent service, and food as good as it gets. I had the Shrimp and Grits, and it was better than I've had almost anywhere, including Nawlins.  Prices are reasonable for a downtown establishment and I would highly recommend the BlackFinn.
4	There are some douche bag kooks that hang at the bar but enjoyed a nice southern dinner with some work friends nonetheless. Friendly staff and cool atmosphere other than that.
3	Another restaurant to try in front of the epicenter in downtown Charlotte. The Blackfinn salad is a good choice to start off dinner with and maybe some quesadillas. For dinner however I went with shrimp and grits over the blackfinns popular vote the bacon meatloaf. This wasn't served traditional by no means and I wish it where. The dish had plenty of shrimp, the grits where packed together in a triangle shape (weird) but the cheese base was too much. Waaaaaaay too much sauce. Adding sausage was a nice touch for a positive but the dish in general was just ok.Service is friendly, beers are pricey compared to other locations so if I where too choose here again I'd have to try the popular vote the next time.
5	Great staff, fantastic food! I've had several of their dishes. My faves are the fries (perfectly seasoned! I need the recipe... It's that serious) and the calamari (nice and crispy, but not overcooked).
4	We ended up stopping here on a whim after finding out many of the other restaurants were closed for Memorial Day. I wasn't sure what to expect after reading mixed reviews on yelp but I was pleasantly surprised. We started out with the soft pretzels as an appetizer.  The pretzels were pretty standard; however, the mustard queso that came with it was excellent! I ordered the jambalaya pasta (one of their signature dishes) and it was full of flavor.  Everyone else really enjoyed what they ordered as well: teriyaki bourbon chicken, grilled chicken sandwich, and the lemon garlic shrimp pasta. If you're looking for a restaurant that has many different options that will likely please everyone this would be a good place to go.
1	Terrible. Waitress was a sad sack of sh**. The "handheld" we got was ridiculous and awful. Waitress was slow and discriminating on me for being with another guy. How do I know. The people beside us said she was. Will never come here again. And all my gay friends won't come here either. Absolutely awful.
4	I was only here for an alumni event in the back private room. I think the bartenders were a little over extended that evening with multiple private events, but when they did get to serving us it was friendly and fast. The good served at our event was fine for bar food. It was an assortment of cheeses and some chicken tenders. Beer selection was pretty good for a chain place. Overall atmosphere was kinda lame due to the Alive-After-Five crowd, but that's not Blackfinn's fault
2	Dropped in on Tuesday to get a quick bite before my movie,  I ordered a large greek salad with pulled chicken.  I have to say that it was the most bland salad I have ever had, the leaves of lettuce were fresh, but the feta, olives, tomatoes, and dressing tasted like nothing.  The staff were fine and they have a good beer list, but that salad was just no good.
4	Went for lunch and had the pick 2 combo. Ordered a BBQ chicken flatbread and house salad. I was really impressed with the food and prices. There was only one server upstairs by the bar where we ate and she was overwhelmed by the lunch crowd. Other than that, I was quite happy with everything! Definitely recommend!
4	Okay, this is the place to dine if you like outside seating and a pup friendly restaurant.  The Blackfin tea cocktail is spot on.  Reminiscent of Arnold Palmer ice tea/lemonade.  This was fresh squeezed lemon Kettle One, and sweet tea.  The salads are crisp and tasty, but the spinach artichoke dip is bland.  The cheese ratio is overboard to the suggestion of spinach and artichoke.  I really enjoyed my visit.  Amber was an attentive waitress, and I will be back.
5	Had a party here (won a party which included food and a private room).   We enjoyed the food, the drinks, and overall had a great time.
1	Just not good. Waitress knew I hated my food and didn't offer refund, discount, or replacement. I barely touched it. It was loud and clear how much she did not give a fuck. We were one of only two tables in there, so there really isn't an excuse to have missed something or been too busy.
3	I'm only giving it a three because of consistency... When visiting Charlotte and this restaurant, my food and drink were awesome!! I had the queen city chicken.  I took a taste of two other entrees. My sister's cheese steak was literally burnt and dry. My moms steak sandwich (can't remember the name but it came with the au jus) was perfect!! They went again without me and said that everything was ok (this was a lunch visit).  So in my opinion give it a try.  Maybe just skip the cheese steak sandwhich.
4	Came in on a Saturday afternoon and sat at the bar.  Excellent variety of beers on tap.  As vegetarians, sports bar fare can be challenging.  However, blackened Brie was such a wonderful surprise as an appetizer!  Perfectly prepared and the chutney was an excellent compliment.  The black bean burger was an excellent lunch option with fresh avocado slices adding a unique touch.  Definitely worth a visit when in the epicenter in Charlotte!
5	Went to BlackFinn for lunch today. Ordered the chopped Cobb salad w/ blackened chicken. Unfortunately, I didn't realize the mistake until I was back in the office. Called so they could remake it by the time I walked back over. It was ready and correct. They told me to give away the first one. The bartender, Michael, was so kind as well as the manager, Jamie. Most important, my salad was delicious. This is a great spot for lunch. Even when dining in, they don't take too long to bring your food out. Anything with blackened chicken is delicious. Highly recommended for taste, professionalism, and timeliness.
5	The ratings for this establishment are valid. Great location, food, and well priced drinks.
2	Dined here with a group of 7 on a Saturday night. The service was great, our waitress was attentive and friendly. She informed us upon sitting down that they were out of a ton of stuff; you would think they would plan better for a Saturday night? Anyway, we started with an order of the nachos and they were really delicious! Great for sharing. They were out of the lasagna which was what I had my eye on so I went with the 12 oz ribeye (cooked medium), mashed potatoes and steamed broccoli. My steak was well done so I was very disappointed with it. We were celebrating a friend's bachelorette party so I didn't want to damper the mood or delay us from getting the night started so I didn't send it back.  The mashed potatoes were nothing special. I tried a bite of the mac n cheese and it was soo salty! I was thinking of ordering that but was so happy I didn't. Overall I was not impressed with the food. The outdoor seating is nice. The restaurant is large and accommodates large parties well. They also have a private room that is closed off that would be nice for even larger events. Located right by the Epicenter; perfect for walking around and checking out other bars after a dinner.
4	The service took a little extra time but the food was amazing! Get the iron skillet mac!
3	A group of colleagues and I recently held a dinner at BlackFinn for a corporate event; I was stoked of course when I found out that we would be at the EpiCenter and BlackFinn in particular. We had booked a room for our event and the privacy was outstanding. Much of the noise from outside was blocked out but enough sound penetrated that we were able to hear the band playing. I was thrilled to hear awesome 90s throwback songs and thought the performers put on an enjoyable show. The atmosphere was comfortable, upscale though certainly more relaxed and less formal than some of places you may visit while out and about uptown. I loved the dim lights, dark hardwoods and saloon-feel. Throughout the evening friendly staff checked in on us but moved around so quickly and stealthily that I hardly noticed their comings and goings. Dessert was amazing... Order the cookie avalanche. I melt at the mere thought of that hot skillet delicacy. Dinner was delicious and  I only have one complaint regarding my plate and albeit it is a large one; I specifically requested no pork in my shrimp and grits because I am a strict pescetarian. The meal came, looking and smelling heavenly, and I of course downed most of it. I took the remainder home for leftovers. The next day, I heated it up and upon stirring everything together found multiple small hunks of sausage. Maybe it was the lack of lighting or my sheer hunger, but I had not seen any of these the night prior. I guess whoever was in the kitchen missed those when they picked out the big pieces and served me my meal. Word to the wise: If someone makes a specific request to hold an item, please let them know if the dish can't truly be altered. There is nothing wrong with having to make another very fine selection from the multitude of excellent choices, and it will leave your patron happier than if they see later, after having eaten most of the meal, a remnant of something that leaves their stomach unsettled and disgusted. Apart from this, I was totally satisfied with having spent my evening at BlackFinn and do recommend to anyone in the EpiCenter to stop by and have a drink at BlackFinn.
3	Decent if youre travelling to sweeeetttt home charlotte headquarter. I usually sit at the bar for dinner and drinks. Its nice knowing the bar staff knows the their clientele is either in college or traveling for work. Nothing in the menu stands out but you can't really go wrong with any choice
5	I go often when in Charlotte. The lasagna is amazing! Service is often good. Especially when sitting at the bar!
