3	The park looks small, and there are few amenities offered.TIPS:1. Complimentary towels are not offered to anyone; this includes gold pass holders and cabana guests. Bring your own.2. There are VERY few lounge chairs available. Most are in cabana areas, you are expected to bring your own. You are able to bring your own lounge chairs.3. If you went to Wet'n'Wild years ago, you'll be disappointed by the few rides that are available here. The size of the park is 1/4-1/2 the size of the original. Good news is that they have plenty of room to expand.4. No outside food or drink is welcomed. This includes bottled waters. Call ahead to bring in food for any family members with food allergies and make sure you get the name of management that pre-authorizes your home brought lunch.5. Very few areas for shade. Bring an umbrella.6. Don't forget to bring a couple extra towels for your family and plenty of sunscreen!!7. Leave your inner tubes at home, they aren't allowed even on the lazy river. They provide life jackets for younger children that may not be able to fit comfortably into rental tubes.8. GET THERE EARLY IF YOU WANT TO RENT A TUBE! They go VERY fast, after 5 minutes of doors being open- they're gone.Overall, this water park doesn't appear to be a full day event unless you have very young children. 6 hours is probably the max I'd stay, and that would give you time to ride most of the rides. Food offerings include Oasis cafe, Agave Grill, Dip'n'Dots, Auto Creamery, Fresh'n'Go Market, and Snowie.
4	Beautiful setting for a water park.
3	It was opening day so of course there were going to be issues. I knew that going in and it was pretty much what I expected -- wait times for slides ranged from 1-2 hours. But the park never felt that crowded, thanks to them closing the gates when they reached max capacity. It's a good thing I got there at 6:30 and another person in our party got there at 5:30. There was the expected rush to get in but most people in line were cool about it. We were some of the first hundred or so people in and had no problem snagging inner tubes (which you only need for the lazy river and maybe the wave pool) and lounge chairs.Here's a quick rundown of positives and negatives from the first day:Positives+ Friendly staff. They didn't always know the answers to questions, but they always smiled and tried to be helpful. + It was great that they had people manning the locker area and walking people how to rent a locker, find it and work it. Prices for lockers range from $8-12 and can be accessed throughout the day.+ Slidin' Thru. The park food wasn't good, of course, so it was nice to see the Slidin' Thru Food truck set up in the back right corner of the park. Prices were higher than usual, but I can't fault them for making a good business decision. Let's hope we see more food trucks here in the future.+ The main restrooms by the lockers have showers.Negatives- They ran out of food. By 1pm their cafe was out of almost everything. So I walked over to their buffet, purchased a wrist band for it and proceeded to wait almost 2.5 hours in line. That long wait was due to their buffet running out of food. They had to wait for a couple delivery trucks to drop off more food, then heat it/cook it. They only had hot dogs and pizza when I finally made it through. Typically I think they have salads and other options. But remember, this is a water park. Don't come here expecting Bacchanal or Wicked Spoon-quality food. Think high school cafeteria.- Not enough rental tubes. This didn't effect me since we got the last of the rental ones. But there were lots of unhappy people left at the rental counter and at the lazy river. I guess they should have gotten there earlier.- Poor signage at the cafe. There are separate lines to order food and pick up food. Make sure you're in the right ones.- No outside food or drink is allowed. But you can bring in water bottles only if they're unopened (factory sealed)Comments/Observations- Buffet prices are $12.99 ($9.99 for kids and season ticket holders). They give you a wrist band and you can go through as often as you like throughout the day.- Some families were only buying one buffet wristband and had that one family member go through and get food for everyone. One chick walked out with two plates of pizza, about 6 hot dogs and a few salads. haha- There are only 30 or so cabanas for rent. You can rent them in advance for here on out. If you get a cabana you can also get food service. A great option if you want to avoid the long lines at the cafe.- I didn't have problems with parking but if you can't get into the main lot there are plenty of dirt lots within walking distance to the park.- For the majority of slides you have to wait in a line to get a tube/floaty, then head to a different line to wait for your turn on that slide. Some groups will split up -- one person will wait in the line to get a tube and another in the line for the slide. This will minimize their wait time because by the time the person gets the tube, the other person will be close to the front of the line for the slide. Some may think of this as cutting in line -- and as an old crabby dude, I would agree -- but congrats kids on thinking outside the box.- There are plenty of grassy area to layout if you don't get a lounge chair, so feel free to bring blankets along with towels.- I only went on 2 slides (the Rattler and Constrictor, both were fun) and the lazy river and wave pool. It's a good thing I prepped my kid ahead of time and told him he'd probably only go on a few slides, not all of them. It's important to set your kid's expectations to lessen the chance of a meltdown.It wasn't a perfect opening day, but the most important thing is that my five year old walked away thinking it was loads of fun. Plus he was wiped out by 7pm. Despite some negatives  (mainly running out of food) it was a fun family day and Wet 'n' Wild is a long overdue addition to the community.
4	Was a good Grand Opening. I feel as tho the park has ALOT of unfinished business and the Grand Opening was pushed to open a little early, I still feel the experience was good. Long lines, and MORE long lines, but to be expected at a Grand Opening and holiday weekend to boot. Wet n Wild has a all you can eat buffet for 10 dollars (gold pass member discount rate), and allows you to snack through out the day. I feel this is a good value as we payed about 9 dollars for a burger combo. Spend the few extra dollars and you can have a feast!!! Although the down side to this (for this particular weekend) is the buffet ran out of food. Again I think to be expected as the park hit MAX capacity about 10am and didn't re-open for a few hours. My best advice, COME LATER IN THE DAY. Most lines and diminished and were minimized about 1p, and really down about 4p. Most people that came 1-2p had a MUCH nicer experience than those of us that got up at the break of dawn and where in the park at 8am. All in all I had a WONDERFUL day with my daughter.....Have fun buy a season pass, MANY more enjoyable days ahead!!!!
3	I just came here yesterday on the opening day. I didn't like the part that when you had to stand in line for 2 hours to just get your food. Also when I wanted to get my tube rental they said they had ran out for the day. It's like if Wet N Wild expects a large amount of people they should blow more tubes. When I was about to go on a ride I saw a bunch of staff blowing more floaters. It kind of seems that wet n wild wasn't ready to open. I also has to stand in line for 45 minutes for each ride. The water here was so cold. Anyway my visit to wet n wild was ok. Hopefully in the next couple of weeks I come back it won't be this crowded.
1	Comparing this with the previous Wet n' Wild is a laughable!  1.  No outside food is allowed which is a total bummer; only water is allowed!2.  The park itself is less than 1/4 the size of the original park. Lake Dolores is bigger!3.  Rides were are also 1/4 the scale of the original park attractions.  4.  1/10th the lounge chairs and tables available.  5.  Only 1 place to buy food!6.  Conveniently located adjacent to a Middle School and neighborhoods.7.  Parking totally sucks!-  There were dozens and dozens of people eating cheese burgers from wet and wild and fuku burger (parked in the p-lot), which was allowed on site to sell....at 10am...really people, and we wonder why America is Fat!  The place was very congested, with the same population as the old strip location, it wasn't able to handle to crowd.I foresee this place not only going out of business shortly, but being referred to as "a waste of an attempt to recreate the old Wet n' Wild".
3	Wasn't bad not over crowded today, not nearly as big as the old W&W might be a little disappointed if that's what you're expecting. Food prices are average $8.99 for a burger and fries. I will be going back for more summer fun.
4	This is a great clean water park.   The snack bar has some kinks to work out, but all in all I had fun.  I can not wait for the second and third phase of building.  Another 15 acres of awesome park?!  Yes please! Uh thank you!
3	Overall I had a great time. I went today with my boyfriend and brother. We are gold pass holders so we'll be here more often, but wanted to go on a day less crowded. For a brand new establishment it was nice. It's not cheap, but that's to be expected. The staff was helpful from the start. They're all very friendly. They do allow you to bring unopened water bottles in, so that was a plus for us. The wait times for the rides weren't too bad. I'm sure they'll build more rides as time goes on. Don't go expecting tons of slides.
3	This is going to be a long one, so be prepared. First off, I do have to say I am (unintentionally) comparing this Wet'n'Wild to the old one. If you have never experienced the old one, this place is probably heaven for you. THE GOOD:-Staff is friendly and helpful.-Actually thought the food was decent.-Dippin dots!!THE BAD:-Not enough supply. They were out of inner tubes. -This one might seem stupid, but there's a bunch of dipping sauces in the food area and no ramekins. I'm one of those weird people that don't like having to put ketchup and bbq sauce on top of my food to dip it in.-No bringing outside drinks/food. The food part is understandable I guess. But the drink part is ridiculous. Not everyone wants to pay $3 for a soda every time. At least let us bring in sealed beverages.-VERY SMALL. There's only 9 slides. We went for 6 hours and got to do everything twice. There's a lot of room to expand, so please do so.-Two separate lines for the rides. One for the inner tubes and one for the ride itself.-Employees are very slow with letting people on the slides. Even after people are long out of the water, they still wait another minute or two to let the next people on.THE UGLY:-$8-$12 EVERY time for a locker. Are you kidding me? If there was a free locker service for the gold members, that would be worth it alone for me. I do NOT want to spend $10 on a locker every time I come here. You guys are making enough money to have the standard quarter lockers. This is just ridiculous and annoying. Although the electronic locker system is kind of neat.-None of the rides dump you out into a pool of water. So there is no actual swimming here, beside the wave pool/lazy river (which were way too cold to get in).COMMENTS:-The water is extremely cold. I know there's no point in having a water heater because it's supposed to be 100+ here in the summer, but damn was it cold. Especially with how windy  it is here.-Apparently parking is a huge hassle. I live very close so I just walk.-The ground gets really hot and tears up your feet after a while. -No single rides on the Half Pipe ride.-The rails are made out of steel... Steel? Imagine how hot that's going to get when it's 100+ out.  The kids will be burning themselves left and right.There's a lot of kinks that need to be worked out, and a lot of disappointed customers. Although my review may look bad, I am glad to have something to do this summer. I can't see myself going more than 4-5 times though. It will get old quick with the little amount of stuff they offer. Really hoping that they expand/improve by next summer. We will see...
4	Since the park has opened, my family and I have already been here 4 times, thus making our gold passes pay for themselves twice over. Yippee!! By the way, season passes are now sold out & no longer being offered. I was here opening morning at 7:30AM standing in line which looked monstrous but we were in within 30 minutes of the park opening. This is a much better situation than the poor person my friend saw pitching a tent at 11:30PM the night before. Joke's on that guy because even the people who were standing at the very very end when they opened couldn't have waited more than an hour to get in. We have gone on every ride, including what used to be the Bombay. From the top, it looks like the old Bombay. From the bottom it looks like kiddie crap, but this is no joke. Be warned that your suit will ride incredibly far up your bum and you will almost feel violated. Ladies, also beware that your top may fly up, so make sure to tie it tight. My son LOVES the mats & half pipe ride, neither of which move that slow. The longest line is the rattler, so I would say to get into it if you're at the park early before it wraps all the way around the green, which makes it a 2 hour wait. My daughter who is 40" can't do anything here. I am very disappointed by this since I also had to pay the same price for her gold pass. She can go into the kiddie corner or whatever that thing is, which I also have in my own residential community (so Chris M. you're right about that), the lazy river, and the wave pool. She still seems to like it but it is a bummer I can't take her on other rides on my lap or anything. Compared to to the old Wet n' Wild where I have some of my best summer memories, it is SO small. I can walk across the whole thing in 5 minutes, but my kids really enjoy it. I'd say for adults, it's a one time novelty thing just to say you've tried it. Don't get a locker. if you're worried about your stuff, leave it in the car!! Keys, hide somewhere very very very deep in your bag covered by towels and make sure you have car insurance if that thing gets stolen. Overall, I'll be back again tomorrow. My family loves it. If it was the same as the old one, I'd give it 5 stars hands down, and if I didn't have kids, I'd say a 3, but seeing as I am a mother with 2 little ones, It's a solid 4.
4	I avoided the opening weekend despite having a gold pass and all in all, it's not as bad as some haters make it out to be.  There are a few kinks that need to be worked out, such as long wait for rental tubes, parking, etc but its been less than a week since opening, give it some time.The staff were friendly and helpful and there seem to be a plethora of lifeguards around that you don't feel uncomfortable letting little ones loose.  Wait times for big slides seem somewhat inevitable as the flow of the line was limited by people clearing off at the bottom of the slide.  I think it's nice to have a water park back in town.  Too small?  well, they seem to have plenty of room to expand into the desert, and perhaps the new waterpark in the other side of town may ease the congestion next year, but for being less than a week from opening, it didn't seem all that bad to me.
2	oh boy this place has some problems.1st the good thingsits small and easy to walk around fast.employees are clueless but very friendlynice play area for 0-7 yr oldsthats all unfortunatelyhere are the bad thingsnowhere to sitno shade at allhot cement with no water on it, you must wear shoes of some sortlazy river is small and has no water spraying on you, nothing to look at on sides of it,only one exitnot enough parking at all, not even close. get a ride from somebody.no shade on stairs waiting for rides3/4 of the food menu has tape covering it up lol..one drinking fountainrides are very shortthe park tome feels like they rushed to get it open, lots of unfinishedthings, unpainted etc...hopefully when they expan it will get better
4	We went on the second Saturday after opening, while the park is still open for season pass members only. We arrived around 4:00 ish The first thing that was nice was that we didn't have to pay for parking even though we didn't have our passes yet. We just told the parking attendant that we were gold pass members and that we were going to pick up our passes, she let us right in and said we didn't have to pay! We were also able to get front row parking at 4:00! There was not a line to pick up our passes and my husband forgot the credit card that he purchased the passes with, but they were super friendly and it wasn't a problem! Once inside the park we were able to find a nice spot in the grass to lay out our towels and then we were off! All of the lines moved pretty quick overall. The longest line we waited in was the line for the Rattler, but it was well worth the wait! This was the best ride by far and it was fun because my whole family got to ride together! Splash Island was great too because there are lots of little slides that my kids were able to ride by themselves, while my husband and I went on the Royal Flush. Now, before you think I am a crazy nut job of a mother, my kids are 9 and 7 and they stay together and they have a crap ton of life guards out there! Plus there aren't any actual pools on Splash Island so all my kids could do was go down the slides and squirt the water guns. Despite a lot of people complaining about the park being too small, I felt that it was great for what it was. My family had a great time and we bought our season passes for our kids to enjoy themselves, which they totally did!! We will certainly be back many times this summer! My kids haven't stopped talking about today and they can't wait to go back!
4	I went to WW on Memorial Day with my husband and our daughter.  The park is nice! I absolutely love the kids area. There is even a kiddie water slide that you can get on with your toddler.I did not get on any of the slides, but the lines were NOT ridiculously long.  I did not purchase any of the food, but when I go again next weekend I will be sure to try it out and update my review.  Also very interesting there was a food truck in the park.  Which I thought was a great alternative.There arent an abundance of lawn chairs, BUT you can bring your own. There are some grassy areas in the park and tons of family brought their chairs, umbrella tents etc. Tubes were sold out :-(The lockers were easily accessible and cost a minimum of $8 with in/out access (activated through a wrist band).PARKING IS HORRIBLE!!!  We had to park on the rocks/ mountain area next to the park. I saw that they have now opened overflow parking off of Maul Street, so I am hoping that this will help. Of course I will go again because I am a season pass holder, but if I had to buy a single entry ticket.......  I might only go once...... and on a weekday so that I can enjoy the park.
2	Wet n Wild, how you please yet disappoint me all at once. Am I happy you're back, well yes. Am I disappointed in your lame attempt at a return, very much yes. The best way to say is like this, if you never experienced the old WnW, you'll love and appreciate this attempt of a water park. It has a nice handful of fun rides, a big wave pool, and a decent lazy river. If you experienced and grew up on the old WnW like myself, you'll be very let down, however have hopes for what's to come. (Expansion expected) 2 feet less deep in the wave pool (5'10" compared to 8) smaller lazy river, smaller derastuka (which is now called canyon cliffs) and HORRIBLE FOOD OPTIONS! Honestly had the food been better I may have bumped them up a star. Not only was it disgusting and overpriced, IT WAS YOUR ONLY OPTION!!! Burger, hotdog, pizza, or chicken fingers. I bet you're thinking, "oh I better pack a cooler" we'll think again! No outside food allowed!!! What?!?! We can't bring sandwiches and Gatorade? What the F$&! Wet n Wild?!? Biggest mistake yet! I truly hope that rule gets changed ASAP! It makes no sense to not offer more food if we can't bring it! I read a few people excited about Dippn' Dots. Well don't be! They were closed for all but 1 hour of the day. I'd say this place is ideal for ages 8-15. But still it isn't an all day event like it use to be. We could have knocked it all out within 4 hours. I most liked the rattler ride. It's a big tube that seats a group, goes up walls, and shoots you out fast at unknown directions. However I will bring up the massive unorganized staff. We rode this ride 3 times in a group of 5, before we were told by a lifeguard that it only seats 4. Another group in our large party of 12, went down with 6 people and were never stopped. There were a lot of groups experiencing this same issue. Walk all the way up stairs to find out you've been doing it wrong the whole time, who's taking the walk of heat back down?! The Zip, Zap, Zoom was wack. Wait in a super long line for a basic tube ride that's over in 20 seconds. If you spend the time in line, wait for the Zoom (green tube) it's the fastest. The half pipe ride looked cool, wouldn't know it was broken. The employees had no answers to any ?s. Like why rides were broken or shut down, or why it took 5 minutes for a medic when someone faints. The staff is literally a bunch of untrained 16 year olds probably working their first job. One question took calling 8 supervisors before we received an answer. Another negative was the lack of rental tubes. If you rent tubes you can use them for the rides. If you don't rent tubes you can steal them from someone like our party who had 10. Literally 2 people took off with 2 of our double tubes and no one did anything. I also had to stop many kids, and older siblings from plotting to steal our tubes! We literally hid and watched them try to take them. One person asked, then got an attitude when we wouldn't let her have a tube. We are not the rental station, nor was it our fault they sold out. If they had enough employees, tubes, food, drinks, ice cream, oh and water, we wouldn't have a 2 star review. But lack of everything?!? If you had the 50 million it took to build this place, you should have made sure you budgeted out running the place too. At least next year we have cowabunga bay. Don't get me wrong, I had fun. But kids will truly have fun not having to worry about things like being over-crowded, under-fed, and you know SAFETY!! Watch your youngins close, because no one else is!
4	I read several reviews and there are a few points in the negatives that I just don't get.  So many complaints about how it's not as good as the old Wet N Wild.  It is smaller than the old Wet N Wild, but there are acres upon acres of room to expand this park.  If people stop and look back, the original Wet N Wild in Las Vegas was not as big as it ended up being either.  Every year they introduced new areas and new rides and I believe that the new park will as well.  The fact is, this is not the old Wet N Wild, give it time, and it could be just as good if not better.  I was also surprised how people are saying this is NOT as kiddie friendly.  I completely disagree.  My first impression was that this is way more kiddy friendly, and after going several times with my 5 year old, I still feel it's way better for kids.  They have en entire kiddie area with NO deep waters for children to drown in.  At most the water is around feet level except for maybe where some of the slides end which has like 1 foot deep water if that.  There are also lifeguards all over the kiddie section.  After the first day, I felt comfortable enough to allow my 5 year old to run around the kiddie section by himself.  He cannot swim yet, but I have no worries of drowning whatsoever.  For those comparing the old park again, remember the old park had a big swimming pool that in some areas was 2-3 feet deep for the kids.  That is way deeper and more dangerous for drowning incidents. The entire park basically has NO pools, except the wave pool.  None of the slides end in a pool.  This is both a bonus (for safety), and a negative (because adults liked the slides dropping into pools and the raging rapids).  My son went on EVERY ride except the new version of 'Der Stuka' (probably misspelled it).  The wave pool isn't as deep, it goes 5' 11" where the old one was about 9-10 feet I think.  This again should mean more safety for children but may not be as fun for teens and adults.  The lazy river isn't as big, but it's still fun and relaxing to lay in.  After multiple trips with friends and family, I have had no problems with staff, no problems with waiting in line, and I even thought the food was 'OK'.  I waited 5-10 minutes to get on a ride.  Some of the tube rides might have been longer, but some were shorter as well.  As a family man, I love that I can take my kids and not have to worry so much about their safety.  At the same time, I enjoyed the rides.  I agree they are not as thrill seeking as some of the old rides I went on, but I still enjoyed them and I believe that the park will expand and have more adventurous rides in the future.  I also hope they add more covered areas for sitting, but it's nice that I can bring my own chairs, canopy's, tents or whatever for shade.  There are a large number of grassy areas to pitch a spot for the day.  We have season passes and plan to go almost every Saturday that we are available.  So far it's been a blast, and my kid has an unbelievably fun time.
4	I know there was a Wet n Wild in Vegas years ago but this is my Wet n Wild ever. I've got nothing to compare it to so it's a clean blank slate for me to decide on. I know it's a lot smaller than most expected and there are many other rides that they can add in, in future years/seasons. If you managed to get a season/gold pass, good for you! Otherwise, it's $40 for admission, and $30 for kids under 42" tall. There are specific bring-a-friend days that is posted in the FAQ section of the website. Season pass holders can bring in friends for ~$13 and gold pass holders can bring in a friend for free. There are a number of rides: DESERT RACERS for the rainbow slides. With the Desert Racers attraction, you've also got the Canyon Cliffs next to them and that's pretty much a slidethat goes down pretty fast. SPLASH ISLAND for the kids area in the middle of the park. COLORADO COOLER aka Lazy River that goes around except there's only one entrance and exit :(. Wave Pool, self-explanatory.TUBE RIDES: Rattler & Constrictor. Rattler is the green raft ride and that's REALLY FUN. The Constrictor is pretty much a pitch dark experience so if that's not your thing, you can avoid it (it's not my type of thing, haha). ROYAL FLUSH for that 'toilet bowl' ride. Hoover Half-Pipe is a two-person ride but to me, that seems like it's been down more than up, but that one is pretty cool, as well. You've also got the Zip Zapp Zoom rides and there are three tubes of them (orange, green, and blue). Pretty standard, nothing really much to say about them.Lines were done differently during the first two weeks but now it's changed. I'll just tell you the new changes. Xpress bands can be purchased for faster line skipping. There are lines for the actual rides and lines to get the tubes to ride them. Lines for the tubes are longer now, as opposed to the other way around when it first started. You can do tube rentals (two person tube rentals $10, singles $5) but you can no longer use them on the rides (huge bummer!). So they're pretty much only good for the lazy river and the wave pool now. There are also locker rentals if you don't want to lay your stuff around for anyone to take.I think I covered most of what's needed.. will update as necessary. Feel free to message me any questions! :)
4	Hey Yelpers.First of all, if you guys want to see how the Wet n Wild Las Vegas looks like, I've recorded a full Tour overview of the whole water park in HD: or you can type "Full Tour overview of Wet n Wild Las Vegas" on YouTube and you will see my video. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-IyzdVKwaUAfter hearing that Vegas has a new water park after years without a water park, we decided to make our way to Vegas to check out the new water park that had just opened during Memorial Day weekend.Wet n Wild water park is located approximately 12 miles from the strip. It was a quick 15 minutes drive from Planet Hollywood where we stayed for 2 night.We got there at 9am and the park didn't schedule to open until 10am. There were already a long lines forming to get into the park. I believed we were the only few people to purchase regular one day general admission, whereas majority of the people in lines are season passholder.The water park itself is small. The size is comparable to Knotts Soak City in Buena Park. I love that the park looks extremely clean. All the water slides looks bright and colorful. It looks like Aquatica SeaWorld Water Park in term of colorful vivid water slides.The lines were quite long with an average wait time of about half an hour wait for each water slide. The longest wait time would have to be for the Royal Flush Extreme. The wait time could get longer if one of the slides or lazy river is closed for some reasons. But, I have to say that no matter what day you guys plan on going there will always be long lines for any slide, since it's the only water park in Vegas.I strongly recommend wearing sandals throughout the day, even while waiting for the slides because the floor is extremely hot from the hot desert sun. I also strongly recommend wearing moisture wicking shirt to protect most of your upper body from the strong sun ray.There's only ONE place where you can get your food. They need to add more food areas in the park. The good thing about the food is that is really cheap at about 6 or 7 bucks for a cheeseburger combo not including drink ( in my opinion, the food is cheap for me, since I'm from SoCal and have been paying outrageously expensive theme parks food price like at Disneyland or Six Flags). Beside, season passholder gets discount on food also. One thing, I noticed was that they even have an All You Can Eat for 13 or 14 bucks where you can eat throughout the day. I would have gotten the AYCE pass, but they didn't have it that day because some birthday parties were taken place.It looks like every water slides require a tube to ride with an exception of Canyon Cliffs and kids splash kingdom water slide.The only thing I didn't like about the park was that there weren't any splash down pool where you would slide down and splash into a 3 foot pool. The only place with huge waterlike pool is of course the wave pool and the lazy river.I do know for a fact that this water park will continue to expand and add more attractions in the coming months and years since this park will always be packed no matter what day it is since it's located in the middle of all the newly developed homes and there's even a park and school nearby.Like I said in the beginning,  if you guys want to see how the Wet n Wild Las Vegas looks like, I've recorded a full Tour overview of the whole water park in HD: or you can type "Full Tour overview of Wet n Wild Las Vegas" on YouTube and you will see my video. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-IyzdVKwaUAll in all, I would have to say that I really like the park, and would like to see it continues to add more slides to accommodate the amount of guests visiting the park in the coming days and months.
4	After reading quite a few negative reviews, I was not too excited about going.  However, we had two young nieces visiting that were not deterred so I had no choice.  I was pleasantly surprised with the experience.  Customer service was superb, and the park itself was clean and free of debris in spite of the high winds during our visit.The park did seem small, which was fine with me, and even when it seemed crowded there was still room.  I will say it was an $500 experience for myself, my wife and our two nieces.  We opted for the cabana ($150) and fast passes ($80), but those two things were worth it my opinion.  Having a shaded area to ourselves, and not waiting in line made the day much less stressful and easy going.  We went with the "Regular" fast passes, as I didn't see the premium passes being worth the extra money only because of the limited number of rides.  A final positive, in my opinion, was the hauling tubes up the flights of stairs.  On one hand, it helped work off the pizza calories, and on the other I think it deterred some larger persons from getting in line to make that trek (shorter lines).The only negative I could see was the water temperature.  We all found it to be ice cold, which was fine once you were submerged in the wave pool, but shocking the rest of the time.    We stayed for 6 hours on a daily pass for four people:  passes $160, cabana $150, tube rentals $20, fast passes $80, food/tip $70, parking $5.
4	Good ol' Wet n Wild.. sorta.Here's the run down of the good and bad.GOOD:-Great place to bring the family and spend a nice day.- When I went, they had the $40 one day ticket. They now offer more pricing options including $25 twilight tickets. Check their website.- Great rides for the young and old. Splash island is a gigantic water playground for the little ones and even miniature slides. Kids will loovvee it. Teenagers will like the Rainbow racers or Canyon cliffs. And for the adults, there's always the lazy river (my favorite)- You are allowed to bring in tents, umbrellas, lawn chairs etc. Plenty of space to spread out in grass- Ample parking. We actually had to park in the back lot but I didn't mind. It was just a 5 minute walk. Maybe I went on a slow day?- Lockers were $10 however it was unlimited access. You get a waterproof wristband to access. BAD:- Food prices. $8-10 for burgers, chicken tenders, pizza and not very tasty might I add. Can't bring in your own snacks either however water bottles are allowed. - Workers here don't know what's going on. Asked someone where the tube rental was, had no clue. I think someone else mentioned in their review about the Rattler? and the number of ppl allowed. Its typically 4 but I was in a party of 4 + a 6 year old and we asked a girl if it would be okay. She said it was fine since he was small however once we trudged up the stairs with the heavy heavy donut floaty, the attendant said we're not allowed to have 5 but we told me the ppl down there said it was okay. - Floor was HOOOTT. As in I was cooking from the bottom up. Wear sandals!!! You have to walk on cement to get to rides unlike the old Wet n Wild where there was the soft cushy floor or you could've taken the Lazy River to get anywhere. Bad floor planning on their part.I wanted to give this place 3 stars but as of right now this is all Vegas has so I'm definitely a fan!
2	Step right up and place your bets!  Who's going to be the lucky one to become a slightly disabled millionaire?  Seriously, this place is a lawsuit waiting to happen!  Sooner or later, someone lugging one of those ridiculously large family rafts up the stairs is going to fall and take out a bunch of people in the process.  Why are their no conveyer belts to automatically lift the rafts to the top of the slides like most every other water park has???? Probably because this place only cares about how much money it can make by cramming 6000 people in a very small park.There are only a handful of restrooms to service those 6000 people so where do you think all the urine is going when people don't want to stand in line to pee???Where do you park when the two lots fill up???  There certainly isn't enough parking for 1500 cars (if you average 4 people per car).  Why didn't they build two parking garages???  Doing so would have certainly allowed for almost 1500 cars.Why is there no lounging around the side of the wave pool?  Every other water park in the country with a wave pool uses it as the focal point--a place with lots of chairs and a place where people WANT to be.  With this wave pool, they chose not to allow any space around the sides for people to sunbathe and will blow their whistle at you if you lean against the side of the pool.As excited as I was about it's potential before it opened, now that I've been there, I'm more excited to see it fail due to the fact that it such a poorly planned implementation of a park.  They need to restrict the number of occupants significantly.  6000 is WAAAAAYYYY too many people for that park. They need to add the much needed conveyer belts for the rafts on ALL the rides.  It not only makes things safer, it eliminates the double lines.  It also prevents the idiots from finishing a ride, keeping their raft and getting back in line, despite the fact that 50 people are waiting in line just to get a raft.
1	The anticipation of Wet and Wild reopening, and the utter disappointment after going there today with my 2 sons! We bought the season passes, not realizing that they would completely oversell them, creating a over crowded situation.Long lines, over priced food, what a disappointment for everyone!They didn't even coat the concrete with anything, so you will burn your feet if you don't wear some water shoes.Hopefully Cowabunga Bay learns from Wet and Wilds failures!
2	Growing up in Cali, the old Wet N Wild doesn't even have the mega rides compared to  the massive Raging Waters in Cali. This New Wet N Water had nothing special than your basic water rides.  All the good rides like Wet Willy from the old park is missing. It's worth a visit during twilight hours $24. Don't bother paying full admission or season pass. It's not worth it.  All the better rides like "Rattler" are long even in twilight hours. Food and drinks are crap as always.
5	I love this place. My kids love this place. The people that are complaining really need to get over it. Hot ground? Wear water shoes. Not enough seats? Bring your own. Not enough shade? Give the trees time to grow and bring a beach tent. Rental tubes are not allowed on rides? They were not allowed at the original WNW either, plus that would be unfair if people with rentals got to go on the rides and bypass the line of waiting for a tube....then we would wait longer getting up to the ride. Also, there are free tubes available for the wave pool and lazy river.....if its marked with a tag you can take it from the lazy river to the wave pool, no tag it stays in the lazy river. Waiting in a queue line for a tube and then another for the ride itself? Thats the way the old WNW was and I took my kids to Legoland waterpark last year and it was the same, only difference is the old WNW had actual handrail bars instead of the canvas partitions. I do agree that the Rattler should have a conveyor for their tubes only cause they are big. People also complain about the time change from 8pm to 6pm....I don't know about you but for me.....If I got off at 5pm I would have to run home get my kids and then go which would take me at least an 1.5 hours....all to spend an hour at the park....if it was just me and all I had to do was take myself then okay it would be enjoyable. People complain about the food prices and drink prices.....EVERY PLACE IN AMERICA charges that much.....a hot dog with fries is $6.99 a cheeseburger with fries is $7.99 Chicken tenders with fries $6.99 or $7.99. As far as drinks get the souveneir cup, on the day of purchase free refills and after that $0.99 per refill better than $3.50 per drink. And if you dont like the food or prices.....bring a cooler leave it in the car.....ours was in the trunk of my car for 6 hours and our drinks were still cold and food was fresh...no big deal. On the first week of bring your friend for a discount day it was super crowded and now WNW has changed the bring your friend days to each pass being loaded with 2 weekends and 4 weekdays....I think thats better to prevent over crowding on the previous preset days, I like the flexible days.Its a great place. It is small I do agree with that but it has so much potential to grow. The old WNW started small and grew, granted not as small but still small. Definitely a happy customer, a chance for my kids and I to have fun together without having to travel to California. The only other place my kids have is the Adventuredome at $25 a wristband and $10 for a pretzel and a drink. We don't like the community YMCA water parks, thats a waste of time and money.Definitely 5 stars!!
2	First off, I must warn you that I grew up going to the old park and this one was a big disappointment. They need to put in a GIANT wading pool where the kids can play and the parents can be in the water with them and sit. The only place we could be in the water with my niece and nephew was the wave pool and that was short-lived because the waves kicked in and the kids were terrified. I remember the big pool at the old location with the blimp parked in the center. My mom always was sitting in the water on the side keeping an eye on us and enjoying herself... that isn't possible at this park.My other gripe is that there weren't enough trash cans and recycling was non-existent, which is unacceptable.
4	Well I braved the 114 degree heat and hit up wet and wild today here's an adults perspective:I think it's great for kids and fun for adults but there are no thrill slides like other Wet and Wilds I've visited. It's my understanding they will be expanding and I'm unsure why they didn't do it all and then open they clearly have the land. DO NOT buy a raft they are 5 bucks and can only be used in the lazy river there are lots left floating around because you can't use them anywhere else. Bring water there is very little shade and it's in the dessert so hot hot hot. Eat before you go only one food place with a carnival style selection. No out of Towners were there at all and I'm not sure why? It's a lot of fun and not far from the strip. Go and bring a towel!
3	Pros and Cons as with much in this life.  It is small. I hope that rumored expansion happens sooner rather than later.  The food is as expected and I was surprised it wasn't more expensive.  Meals were around $8 for fries, chicken fingers and a drink.  It was OK.The slides we went on were a blast!  Really fun.  There is no place for little ones.  So sad. Splash island, the kid area, is designed for 6 and up.  Toddlers and preschoolers are screwed.  The wave pool is too scary and there is no other shallow pool for them to chill out.  I really hope the hypothetical expansion has a relaxed baby friendly area.  ATTN: Wet N' Wild - Mommies and babies want to lounge in a refreshing 16" of water!  Cement on your feet is ridiculous.  Seriously?! Easy to navigate.  Everyone was very friendly and helpful.  Rides are fun.  Check it out.  You may or may not be back.  But if you are returning, a season pass is worth it.
4	All I have to say to the people who came here RIGHT when the park opened and wrote crappy reviews about the lines and blah blah is WHAT DO YOU EXPECT?! You go opening weekend and expect anything different??!! Hunnie Bunnie and I had a GREAT time here over Independence Day weekend. We finally had a chance to go. I pulled in, showed the parking lady my Gold pass voucher and parked my car in the lot. We walked over to the ticket window, no line whatsoever, gave him my two season pass vouchers, got my cards and walked over to the entrance. Dude checked my bag and we were walking in. Finger print association with the season passes bytheway! And we're in. We hit the wave pool first which HB loved. There were plenty of chairs and large umbrellas for shade so we left our stuff there and into the refreshing water! We also decided to get a tube for the wave pool and with my Gold pass we get five free tube rentals! We played for a while in the water and then moved on to the kids water park area. If you have ever been to Rhodes Ranch pool you know they have a water park area too and it is literally the exact same thing! Slides, dump buckets, tunnels... It was lots of fun and HB was juuuust over 40" tall so she could hit all the slides up! We had a super fun time and it was a great day to go because the sun was hiding most of the day so it wasnt baking us too bad! Granted I didnt get a chance to hit the adult slides but the lines looked more than reasonable, so I am looking forward to going back and trying those out!
4	WATER SLIDES. I'M ALMOST 32 AND I STILL LOVE WATER SLIDES. This place isn't the largest water park I've been to, but they set it up well logistically and their discounted twilight deal lured me and my family to this location. A huge plus is the fact that you don't have to spend extra money on inner tube rentals. They have designated ones for each ride, including the lazy river (pr whatever they call it). Not sure if it's like that for the day time, but that's how it worked at night. The lines moved quickly and each ride had a fun factor that got the adrenaline pumping. Will definitely be back on our next family visit to Las Vegas.
1	1. You change your rules every day, make up your mind.2. Parking is a joke.3. You close at 6 pm during the week, I am off work at 5 pm like the rest of the world, how is this acceptable?4. You have made it easy for me NOT to renew for next season when that time comes.5. My 2 year old has absolutely nothing to do, nothing. This is a family park right?6. Did I mention that the rules change everyday?
3	They need more garbage cans recycle cans,lazy river everyone takes the tubes out of this area. Everyone takes the clear tubes and puts them with their stuff and barely uses them LEAVE them at the lazy river..They need more slides.. Kids jump the lines when they get up close to the front...Its FUN but just some rude kids and customers... I dont understand the long wait times. Also why dont you just wait on staircase with tubes order more tubes.. hurry process up.. Overall it will improve I hope and its fun just clean up the trash and be a little responsible for trash recycling dining tables people throw YOUR trash out!! and who pays for the police to be out there patrolling /directing traffic hmmmmm get a light save $$$$.. When it comes down to it have fun and kids will enjoy it just eat before you go dairy queen down the road has good 5 dollar meals!!
3	At this point it is OK. It is so much smaller than I expected, they have tons of room to grow and I hope they do! If you go into it expecting the old Wet N Wild you won't get it. The wave pool is much smaller, the lazy river is not nearly as large, and the food was pretty bad, even for a water park. I probably will get a season pass as we live right down the street and the kids area was pretty rad. It is awesome for 3 years and up. They have their own set of water slides that are not "kiddie" water slides and we had more fun playing around in there with the kids than anything else. If you have the money I would check it out, you might find something you really enjoy there.
3	Ok, we finally got over here. All in all it is ok. Not as good as any other water park I have been to, but the kids will probably love it and not care.We got there at 9:45, paid $5 for parking, (no line, lots of spots) were in and had seats under an umbrella by 10:15. By 11, I doubt you could get a shade spot, but lots of people did have tents, covers etc. on the grass areas all over the park.Good things:Wave pool was fun, kids loved it, even when it was busyLazy River was fun, nice break, lots of tubes or you can just swim itSplash Island for the kids was great, slides for them (but adults could ride too) with maybe a 5 minute wait, lots of spraying, dumping, splashing water.Bad things:Waits for big slides were LONG. The kids only managed one (Royal Flush) and that took an hour and was the shortest line by far. They didn't want to wait for any others.The whole stand in a long line for a tube, then stand in line for the slide is annoying. I guess if you rent a tube, you can bypass some of the tube lines, but you cannot bring a rental tube on a few of the slides. The ground everywhere, lines, etc. is hotter than you can possibly imagine. Shoes are an absolute must.Food is expensive and so-so, but I find that to be typical of any water or theme park.I should add that we didn't pay, got free tickets from a friend. If I had paid the $40, I would have been disappointed, (NOT worth it) but if you get a pass and go several time I think it becomes a better value. Also, if we were a MUST RIDE SLIDES family, I think it would have sucked with the lines. Since we were fine just enjoying the wave pool, lazy river, and splash island it was a better time.
3	Lines are long... long...long... and I was there on a week day. Also a little bit miffed at the fact they wouldn't honor my discount code at the gate. Was unable to purchase online ticks right there on my phone because it takes "several hours" to get the info to will call. It's 2013 ladies! As many as 3 major slides all shut down at one time. We did have fun though. Thank goodness only me and my oldest went this time. The lines would have been too much! Play ground/splash park is the best I have ever seen!
1	Soooo disappointed. Close too early, nothing my two- year old daughter can do . Our family spent almost 6 hundreds to purchase seasonal pass, all are waste. We are not going to buy the pass again next year.
1	I won't even rate the park. I have been to many water parks. "Bigger and better" they said. Not even. The one on the strip was much better. The park is NOT worth your money at all. The closest and best water park to Vegas is Raging Waters in San Dimas. Or drive to Knott's Berry Farm's water park or a 3.5 drive to Magic Mountain's. Both are much cheaper and have MORE slides. The park had maybe three slides that were decent, but the lines were way too long. They need to get rid of the Express Pass (The larger water parks don't even have those). The express pass seems to be delaying the lines even more. Maybe the lines seem longer because Las Vegas doesn't have much to do for a family who lives there. No beach, and this is the ONLY water park. It had the feel of a large regular park with some slides. The food was also disgusting and I felt that they had no right to charge the regular $8, 10, 15 bucks for lockers. This isn't a proper water park and should not be charging prices of that of one.
2	We went to the Wet n Wild in Hawaii couple of times and really enjoyed our experience.  So when we heard one opened in Las Vegas we had to go and see.  We went on a Friday and got there at 9:15 am and there was a lot of parking.  Parking opened at 8 am.   The ticket booth opened around 9:30 and people started lining up around that time.  It was already 95 degrees so we were not about to stand waiting in the sun.  They started to let people in about 9:50 but again we had to wait at a certain point until 10am.  Boy, everyone ran to get chairs/lounges under the shade.  There is a lack of shady areas in this establishment.  Luckily, I told my hubby to run and grab some chairs.  It was not that crowded at the beginning but more and more people trickled in.  By noon it was pretty full and very HOT!!!  105 degrees!!!  The bottom line it is way smaller then the one in Hawaii so less smaller rides.  Huge lack of shady areas especially waiting in lines.   They need to put more umbrellas up.  Concrete was HOT and difficult to walk on especially some of those stairs.  We all had our slippers on and held onto them on the rides.  We spent $40/person for five so it was expensive.  We stayed until four because was too crowded and hot by then.  However, the kids had fun so that's all that matters...right?
3	I very generously decide on three stars and not two. A brand new hotel is a real score, and you can consider yourself very lucky to find one. A new waterpark...not so much! This park is very much in it's infancy. If it did not carry the name Wet N Wild, I would find it perfectly acceptable that they open a park at this point in it's construction. It's an "ok" park. Clean. Attractive (love the color selection of the slides). The few rides they DO have were fun. The park, however, at this stage, is not worthy of the Wet N Wild name. It is most certainly NOT in the "big boys of water parks" league. What annoyed me? 1. Marketing. Don't sell yourself as something you are not. This park isn't finished! They tout 25 attractions. Really? Where? Counting every single slide and water feature, maybe. Reality: 9 "real" slides. (no, you can't count the side-by-side racers as 6 slides!) this is the first of three planned phases. Say so!2. Line to get in. Long line wraps from the front entrance, clear into the parking lot. Everyone naturally gets on line. When you get close enough (30 minutes later), SURPRISE! This is a line for ticket holders! So someone in your party stays on on line while someone goes to buy tickets. The ticket line? It does not move! How many attendants? ONE! Over an hour to get in, and this was on a slow Monday. They are the model of inefficancy.3. And speaking of inefficiency...the lines for rides do not move! I repeat: this was a slow Monday! Why don't the lines move? Because they take an ETERNITY between riders. Yes, safety is important, but they need to figure their timing out. We are regulars at W&W Orlando, and their lines move like they should. You wait forever in line for a tube, and then walk up. No line at all up there! At least a few people should be waiting to ride, not an empty slide waiting for riders. Why is this? Simple, not enough tubes! 4. Not enough shady areas. In the middle of the desert, this is a huge issue, and just not OK. What there IS of this park, appears to have been built on the cheap.5. Snow cone and ice cream trucks both closed. Really? Not enough people? You don't have much here. What you DO have should be open!These guys need to get it together. I would love an invite to the Orlando park to make up for the disappointment of this one. If you live in NV, and have no other choice, then go cool off here. If you are from any state that has real water parks, you will be disappointed here.
5	Not sure why everyone is complaining. The developer and their team worked long and hard to make this happen. We love this place. Be patient, this is new to a lot of them. Just sit back, relax and enjoy yourself.
3	Good fun..  I sent the boys to spend the day ( ended up being 3 hours) here and what they said " it was fun, but wwwaaayyy too small can you pick us up early?". It runs about $39.99 for the day so it's a pretty decent deal.  Wicked hot, which is to be expected 'cause it's Vegas.   It's a little bit outside of Vegas but easy to get to.
2	This water park is clean, but small. Better than nothing in the middle of the desert! Not worth $40... This is a $25 at most park. Good thing I found a guy selling $20 tickets on Craigslist! 4 tickets for $80 made me not be so angry when we got inside. If you are ever in Northern California check out Raging Waters or Water World... These are nice big water parks!
5	I have only been 2 times but my sisters family are season pass holders!  Parking is so convenient. Lines go quick. People that on plain should prepare better for a day at a "theme" park. The staff is so helpful and the facilities are great!  The splash island area is so cool!  Water is very chill so it's easy to cool down.  The slides are awesome as well!  Very fun!  Lazy river is so great to just BE LAZY!!!!  Can't wait to go back!  Oh and the food is delish and not over priced at all!  And the drink idea w the refillable containers!  You must go!!!
2	This place was ridiculously over crowded when went at the beginning of the season on a Saturday. We waited for one ride for 40 minutes then decided it wasn't worth waiting any longer and went to the Lazy Miami. Apparently many others thought same thing because trying to navigate through the Lazy Miami felt like being at the mall on black Friday. I heard they oversold the amount of season passes they had, this seems pretty evident. They used standard concrete for the sidewalks which gets very very hot. Pretty bad decision when you will be open during the hottest times of the year in one of the hottest cities in the US where people will be largely barefoot. People were jumping like little frogs from wet spot to wet spot on the concrete to avoid burning their feet.  I highly recommend getting some of those water shoe things before coming here. There are only a handful of things to do once you get inside the park, which kind of looks deceiving from outside but there are very few attractions. Hopefully they will expand soon and this will decrease the super long lines for each ride and give you some variety.
2	What prompted me to revise my rating from 3 stars to 2? No reply whatsoever to my email to them. Our being under-whelmed by the park, and the shortcomings regarding lines and services were not great, but a customer letter going completely ignored is just inexcusable, and shows me a total lack of regard for the customer. I think I see the future of this park as being "under new management" one day. And we all know that's code for "don't blame us for anything bad in the past".  Time will tell...
3	I was really excited that Vegas was getting Wet' N Wild back but I waiting a few weeks since I heard the crowd was crazy for opening weekend and I hate to wait in lines.  I was surprised that any child over 42 inches is charged the adult price but I guess they have to make the money some way.  So the 7 year old with us is paying the adult price which I think is ridiculous.  Ages 10-12+ I understand but 7 year olds should get a reduced price. Parking is $5 which is reasonable but good luck finding a spot.  This lot is the smallest I ever seen!  Lockers are available for daily use and you get a bracelet that opens it so no losing keys which is a plus.  Water fountains are available so you don't have to purchase bottled water in this crazy heat.The wait time for a ride was 10-45 minutes on the big rides and 5-15 minutes on all the others.  They have bracelets for front of the line that are an additional $30 but honestly if you are only going to so a few rides it's not worth it.  The wave pool was really small and the waves were just as small.  The lazy river was my favorite and the highlight of the day.  The park was a lot smaller than I expected and I imagine the weekends are way more overcrowded than on Monday morning when I visited.   I would never attempt a Saturday/Sunday visit here!Overall I think they rushed to open and there is a lot of room for improvement in the upcoming years.  I will be back but probably not till next year or when the kids are back in school.
1	Dirty. All bathrooms are GROSS, the cement throughout the park needs to be pressure washed, long lines for food & for drink refills (& there's never been a manager around helping), all lifeguards have different rules/leniences and seem inexperienced with efficiency of riders causing long wait times. I'm surprised that the place isn't covered in pennies as everything ends in .99, annoying. No I don't want .01 back every time I purchase something, I'm in a bikini! Last but definitely not least, I'm a Gold Pass Member & purchased the reusable cup. After leaving the park on my 1st visit, we went out to eat. Upon returning to my car, my cup had MELTED. What is this cup made of? Then the park refused to replace it, their statement is "once you purchase the cup, it's your property". Duh, and it's defective property & I want a new one!
1	They have the worst customer service! They need to keep in mind that they are the ones that applied for the job and if they don't want to be there they need to find something else! If I could give zero stars I would!
2	Definitely not like the original, but enjoyable. We got a cabana and we were attacked by bees the entire time. That was the only down side, but the park is located in the middle of the desert. The pizza and chicken fingers were good and came out fast. Cabana Host was very nice and pleasant. Overall experience was great!
2	Once your inside ANYTHING GOES! So bring ur own chair and security guard for your flip flops. Total chaos. FYI kids have been arrested for "flashing" there. bathrooms needed attention. I went 3 times and then SOLD MY season passes!
2	OMG... Seriously only 55 reviews? Wow! When they pulled the bait and switch with the passes & the rental tube changes and then hours change... Their FB page had 500+ complaints in 2 hours!! I was utterly angered at the hours change and then taking the 11 free friend days down to 6 days. When I asked WHY... Numerous times, not once did I get a reasonable answer. In fact, not any of the answers matched nor made any sense. On the Wet N Wild FB, at no point was any question asked ever answered. Never. No complaints answered. I'm still amazed how a new business could just ignore everyone. -Now, don't get me wrong... We went. We bought Gold passes... So, yeah we went. We almost NEVER got a chair. The only reason we even ever rode any ride was because 1X we bought the stupid yet amazing jerk*ff fast pass...because their was NO WAY IN HELL my 8 year old was going to stand in 2 stupid long lines with me, just to climb up a bunch of stairs to stand in another long line in 100+ degree heat. We usually spent our day in the lazy river... And wave pool. The food was ridiculously priced. I mean $10 for a kids chicken finger meal & drink. In 1 day I spent $125 for food and fast passes. And I already bought damn gold passes! Then I bought a weekly season pass with the understanding it's good thru the month of September. NOOOOOOO... Since its ONLY GOOD M-F... And now they are only open on Sat & Sun... THANKS WET N WILD! Huge lying sack of crap business practices. I will NOT be purchasing next year. I may actually buy passes from COWABUNGA BAY INSTEAD. However, I feel so burned...as well as lots of other people I think I might just buy a pool for my backyard instead!!! Regardless of the aggravation, I never let my little girl see it. As far as she's concerned we had a BLAST.
2	2.5 starsGrowing up in Las Vegas, Wet'n'Wild was one of my favorite places to play as a child. I was devastated when they demolished it. When they opened the new location, I was ecstatic that children would once again have a place to beat the Las Vegas heat! I immediately decided to take my younger brother.We arrived at Wet'n'Wild around 10:30 a.m. on a Saturday and struggled with finding a parking spot.  The lines were already fairly long when we entered the park. We bought reusable cups from the park to stay hydrated. I prefer this option because it is more environmentally friendly and refills are less expensive.  Then we began to explore the park.There were several slides that were a blast to ride. However, this park was much smaller than the old one, which created longer lines. I was also disappointed with the ride called Royal Flush.  After going through a water slide, you are inserted into a bowl shaped area where you are transported to another water slide. Many people riding the ride actually got stuck before entering the second water slide and they had to manually paddle themselves. Beware that the Royal Flush fails to flush.Although Wet'n'Wild provides children with a fun place to play during the summer, there are many improvements that still need be made. I look forward to visiting it again in the future to see how they improve the water park.
5	Great job for their first year open.  The slides were all a blast and if you timed it right the lines weren't bad.  My only advice is to expand the lazy river and make more exits so I can ride to the other side of the park and get out.  I am looking forward to next year!
4	Good:  + Excellent kiddie island - 4 stories of much fun and usable by adults.+ Very good set of toddler slides (choice of 4)+ New facility - opened in May 2013+ Excellent swimmer to lifeguard ratio+ Super fun rides including a slide racer where 5-6 sliders race down the watery rainbow slope+ Food taste - had a very tasty chicken teriyaki sandwich+ There are some water misters in the wait lines to keep you cool+ An excellent adjacent public park was fun to play in after we left the swimpark for the dayBad: - Location. This new location is far, far off the Strip and requires a long drive to get there. Back parking lot is a hike to the front. - Cost. Everything costs so much - extra for parking, extra for tube rental, expensive locker rental, extra expense for line-jumping pass, extremely costly charge ($150) for cabana rental. This is on top of the hefty $40 per adult charge. - Changing Rooms. Little to no clothes changing stalls in both male and female bathrooms; very few showers. - Entry. Entrances to the wave pool and lazy river are narrow and cause congestion - Tubes. You have to haul your own float tube to the top of the rides - no conveyor belt to assist in getting the tube to the top - Wait time - longish lines (without the line jump band) meant a long wait between fun rides. - Special salt water conditioning system in pools is harsh on swim suits - my daughter's dark pink suit came home very light pinkTip:* Take your own shade and chairs - those are in short supply* Be sure to wear flip-flops or watershoes to all the rides - there is a LOT of non-shaded cement and it gets very hot.
2	I love water slides. I love water parks. The water slides here are fun. The lazy river is nice. The lines are ridiculous. We waited at least 30 minutes in each line....sometime 45 minutes. We were going to buy a line jump pass, but discovered they were $40 each. It just seemed like the employees weren't efficiently getting people through the lines fast enough. And the employees. I get that they are mostly 16-year olds working a summer job. But most of them were rude and rolled their eyes every 5 minutes. The food was good. But the prices and selection options weren't. No substitution for fries, not many healthy options. They do give out free water! So that's a plus. There are lockers you can purchase for $8-12 for the day. Again. A bit pricey. All day we said we would only go back if we had line jump passes (that weren't $40) and our tickets were free. The line-waiting was just such a downer. I hope the Henderson location learns from this location's mistakes.
4	After reading a lot of bad reviews I wasn't expecting much going in, but I can say now that this is a nice little waterpark. Sure, it's smaller than other parks such as Six Flags Hurricane Harbor, but this is Vegas where amusement parks aren't usually the main attraction for visitors. There were about 4 towers surrounding the park, each with 2 slides for a total of 8 different slides. There is also a kids area in the middle where you can go on smaller slides or splash water at each other (we had a lot of fun with that!), a lazy river, and a wave pool. There are plenty of employees and lifeguards walking around monitoring all the swimmers/riders so it seems pretty safe. My only concern is that the ride attendants don't help you get on your tube at each slide, so it's very possible to fall off at the beginning or have the tube take off without you as you attempt to get on. Other than that, we had a lot of fun. Food was reasonably priced for a park ($7.99 for tenders and fries) and since it was nearing the end of the season, lines weren't too bad. You typically wait in line to get a tube and since there aren't many to go around that's what can cause the long waits. You can also rent a tube for $5-10 a day but you can only take those into the lazy river and wave pool and not on the slides. Each slide has a designated tube color that must be used with that slide. I would consider coming back here but the $39.99 admission price is a little steep given the size of the park...if you can get your hands on a season pass, it would be a much better deal
4	Great place for family fun!  We celebrated my twins birthday part here.  The staff were good for as young as they were.  I focused on playing, celebrating and smile-making and the outcome was fabulous!
1	I really hope this year they will open more things for toddlers. I took my son for his birthday and he could not enjoy anything but the wave pool. Their kid section is for older kids and is pretty much a huge play area like mcdonalds or burger king with water and slides. They have tiny slides for smaller kids but not big enough foe my 2 year old. They wouldnt even let an adult slide with him. Ive been to the original wet n wild as well as hawaiian waters in hawaii. Wet n Wild las Vegas you really are a huge disappointment and you need to have more things for toddlers like the kiddie pool in hawaii.On a good note i had rented a cabana for my family and guest. Our server was always polite and either near by or we could contact him on his cell if we needed anything. We got our orders quickly and a lot faster than standing in line.
2	Late review: I am disappointed with this water park. It is definitely a lawsuit waiting to happen! The kiddy attractions were great! Splash island was fun, even for myself. Some of the slides require you to carry a large tube up a long flight of stairs in order to slide. Very dangerous especially if your feet is wet. The clear tubes are rented out for 2 attractions only. The Red Rock Bay (wave pool) & the Colorado Cooler (some call it the lazy river). All the tubes are rented immediately 2 hours after the park opens (that's what the guy at the rental counter told us when we were trying to rent it at 2pm). As a season pass holder, the tubes are a part of WW's perks to purchasing a season pass because it's free. Unfortunately, we have to be there when it opens in order to apply the full benefits of our season pass. While we tried to rent the clear tubes, which they were out of, those who already rented the tubes have it laying all over the place, unused & holding it until they're ready to use it. SUGGESTION-Since the clear tubes are only used for 2 attractions. Why not just leave the tubes at both attractions, hand it to the person entering the attraction then have them return the tube when exiting the attraction. If you want to charge for tubes, have the person purchase a wrist band specifically for the tubes only. If they do not have a band before entering the attraction, they don't get a tube. At lease everyone (including season pass holders) has a shot at utilizing our full benefits. Overall, the park is nice. Needs a little more organization around the lazy river and the use of the tubes.
4	We skipped WNW last season because almost all first year parks have growing pains to deal with.  (Cowabunga Bay visitors will experience this too.  The park is expected to open in five weeks, yet they just started putting the first slide together!)  When we learned that WNW would be open for Spring Break I decided to buy four gold season passes.  In just one week, we have already gotten our money's worth.We visited the park three times this week and had a great time.  We were even able to cash in three guest passes.  The negative reviews come from people who did not plan well, or had unreasonable expectations.  If you do some planning, you can avoid a lot of hassle.  Here are some of my tips-1. The water is pretty cold, but it should be.  This is not a spa.  When it's 90+ degrees outside the water feels great once you get used to it.  2. If you are local, the gold pass is the way to go.   Single day tickets are not a good value.3. Lines will be long on the weekends during the summer, just like any other park.  Odds are, we will never go on the weekends once school is out.4. Wear water shoes or flip flops at all times.  You can hold flip flops going down the slides.  The concrete will tear up your feet.5. Don't even try to sneak drinks or food in.  Your bags will be searched.  Just keep food in the car and have a picnic in the giant park area and get your hand stamped.  If you are seen with outside food, you will be asked to throw it away or be escorted out of the park.  Even sunflower seeds. You are allowed to bring a sealed bottle of water. Not a water bottle.  6. Make sure everyone in your party is at least 42 inches tall.  Anyone shorter will have very limited things to do.  There are only two slides that require you to be 48 inches.7. Enjoy the people watching.  The terrible tats and middle aged women with artificial chest enhancements are incredibly amusing.  They think they are pretty hot.  8. The food is not bad at all.  Cough up the $12.99 to get the WNW cup.  Then enjoy 99 cent refills all season long. (free refills the day of purchase) The waffle fries and pizza are serviceable.9. Carrying the rafts up four to five flights of stairs is a pain, but not as bad as people make it out to be.  They are rafts full of air.  They are more awkward than heavy.  10. If you are a season pass holder try and go to the park during non-peak times.  Of course the place will be busy on the weekend.  Duh!My daughter and I were in line to get in at 9:45 yesterday morning.  When we got in we found two chairs by the river and set up shop.  Within 80 minutes we had rode each slide in the park at least twice.  We were out the door at noon when the crowd was just starting to pour in.  Had we not already spent two full days there this week, we would have stayed longer.  We felt our mission was accomplished.For those who complain that WNW is small and are looking forward to Cowabunga Bay, I have some bad news for you.  WNW is currently 41 acres, and Cowabunga Bay will be 22 acres.  In addition, WNW owns an additional 71 acres to expand upon, and Cowabunga Bay is land locked in most directions.
4	$70 for regular season passes, and 1 gold pass... i think is money worth spent! I got free parking with my gold pass, as well as 5 free tube rentals and %15 off food. You are not allowed to bring your own food or drinks inside the park, so definitely bringing a big cooler is a no-no. They have tons of rides, as well as a wave pool, a lazy river, and my fave, the children's splash island area! Lot's of places you can camp out on with shade. The park is not as big as the old one on Sahara, but that's just perfect, i hate having to walk long miles just to get from point A to point B. The only thing I am a bit disappointed about though is the quality of food, their chicken fingers was blech, pizaa was average, and ice cream was just soft serve, they just need to serve better food since you can't bring your own. Overall, I am looking forward to making good use of my season passes so that my 1 yr old and 11 yr old can enjoy their summer and beat the heat. Am just glad i don't have to drive all the way to california to go to a water park!
4	As a child I visited the original WNW many times, lots of fun memories but also recall that it was gross often finding unwanted items in the waters. I have 12, 8 and 5 y/o children who all love swimming but hate waiting in lines so the After School All Stars charity event last weekend seemed perfect chance to check out the new version at a discount and for a good cause.  End result- so fun purchased season passes for the whole family! It was perfect active entertainment for all my kids and the grown ups too.  Reentry is allowed making it easier to offset unfortunately high costs of parking, lockers, and food. The kids area was fun for my 2 younger ones when they needed a stairs break and my oldest hit the wave pool. We're looking forward to trying the couple rides that weren't open when we return. There was some issues when first purchasing the passes  but they worked with me until resolved.
5	Thank good was we FINALLY have a water park in Vegas again! My family got season passes last year and used them  sometimes three times a week! I have a 4 and a 2 year old and they loved the kiddie area as well as the wave pool and lazy river.  My husband and I also went several times without the kids and had a blast on all the bigger rides!  The water, once the summer temps are in the 90s, is a great refreshing temp.  Cabana service is quick and very helpful- they even have me their phone number to text or call them if we needed anything right away.  The park is clean, staff is friendly, good options are great, and overall it is a great place!  I can't wait to see how they expand over the years and look forward to countless summers here with my family!
4	I think this park is great! I kept hearing about the old WNW so when I heard that they were opening another one I was excited. My 2 year old could swim in the wave pool (free floaters for kids) and also could play in the kids area (with me or my husband with her). My 6 yr old had a blast and didn't want to leave the park. LOL 1. Definitely wear water shoes!!2. Wear sunglasses in Las Vegas! 3. Pack a cooler with bottled water
2	I bought season pass for last season and also for this season (when you have a 5 year old son and live just around the corner, you just give in) I personally don't like this water park. Granted, it isn't Disney! But why is the water so cold? Even when it was 110 degrees out!! Supposedly this year, the water in Splash Island will be heated. I've been to Wet n Wild about 6 times (spring break week and the weekends) and the water is still ice cold. GO FIGURE! I didn't even bother to talk to management. Seems as if they really don't give a rats ass since you've already paid to get in (in my case, I have a season pass) The food is okay, sometimes it's served cold (don't know how long it's been sitting out under that heat lamp.) And they definitely need conveyor belt to carry the tubes and mats for some of the rides. That's just waiting for an accident to happen!!! All in all, I'm looking forward to giving cowabunga bay a try next season.
4	Life guards are young and don't in force the rules. They have a special line for gold pass holders and priority! To be able to get in early BUT they are allowing everyone anyone And everyone where ever. Seems unfair and you are not receiving the benefits you should be for pAying more.
4	Don't be fooled by the negative reviews. If you know how to negotiate any theme park, this place will make your summer in Vegas so much better.  Sure there's room for growth, but I found the slides in good shape, the wave pool was busy but we found a "sweet spot" to enjoy, and the lazy river is very well thought out.  I had to drag my eleven year old out.  I can't say enough nice things about the young people working there.  I commend them for being employed, first of all.  And for dealing with a demanding public in a gracious, professional way.  We already have our summer strategy in place for getting the most of the park and are looking forward to spending many fun hours at WNW LV!
4	Went on a Thursday morning. Checked website to make sure they weren't closed as there are some times when they have private parties. Some of the things you learn aren't marked well, first off if you buy general admission it isn't even marked where you are supposed to be when they let you in.The rental lockers are great (Hey, Caesars you wanted me to rent a 100 dollar bed but can't get lockers...pfft)The lockers have wristbands that you get to scan and open. Great...I am a bit over the weight limit but tall and they didn't say anything. Most people over 300 aren't going to want to climb the stairs anyway.On a non peak day they didn't have enough life guards to have the lazy river and wave pool open at the same time. No biggie, just timed it right.Overall it was awesome. Won't go on a Saturday, but on a day with little waits it was excellent
5	I got a pizza today it was cold and I went to guest service I talked to a man name Rick not only did he give me 40 in wet n wild cash he gave my kids ice cream everyone went home happy thank you Rick you made my day so much better
5	Just spent the past five hours at WNW.  My five year old and I had a GREAT time, mainly because the park was not busy.  Staff reported that because today was a "slow" day that there was not a rental fee for the water tubes.My little one who met the minimum height requirement (42') for the majority of the water rides preferred to spend her time at the kiddie section and wave pool.  I did bring water bottles and sandwich bags with snacks into the park with no problem.  I left my bag unattended with no issues as well; I did not need to rent a locker.Cost was $73.00 for both my daughter and I but price was worth it because my daughter had a wonderful time.  Save yourself a headache and visit the park during the week while school is still in session.  I love that we now have a water park in fabulous Sin City.
3	This park isn't as great as the one on the strip, but my kids still enjoy it. There isn't much for toddlers to do and almost every ride you have to wait in line for a raft and then again for the ride. The food is insane expensive but they do allow you to leave and come back in, so bringing a cooler works great. The ground gets very hot so make sure the littles have some sort of shoes.
4	I went to wnw on a friday morning lines seemed to move fairly fast until about 2 pm then things started slowing down.  Hey i still had fun minus one star for not being close to the wnw they had on the strip.
2	My son and I attended a birthday party here today, the people at wet n wild were late to greet our group. The party was @ 12pm and we all waited at the front of the park as they told us for a party attendant to arrive, it wasn't until 12:30 someone showed up and walked us to put table, our pizza was suppose to arrive at 1pm as did not come until 2pm, the crew was very inattentive.      Itself order a chicken Caesar salad, please save your money and do not order or eat this, the piece of chicken did not look like real chicken and I really don't think it was and the salad was old and soggy.      I must say the park itself with water slides, ect was a good time and my son and I greatly enjoyed it, but the staff and food could definitely have some improving, especially if your attending a birthday party that parent spent a lot of $$ for her child's special day and you guys did not make it special once so ever it's a real disappointment. And the good was an extreme disappointment considering the healthy option you did have tasted like yesterday's trash!
1	The positive reviews are shocking to me! This was not at all our experience.Here are the facts:-The metal handrails, all over the park, heat up so fast in the Vegas sun it will burn your hand; watch out for this if you have smaller children-The staff is a group of unorganized teenagers with no clue or concern about customer service. They aren't trained well and it was difficult to even find someone who was actually 'in charge' to help with problems-The lines are RIDICULOUS!!!! If you don't pay for the speed pass to hold your place in line for a ride, you have to stand-uncovered in the Vegas sun-to wait for a raft, then climb up the tower to again wait in line to actually go down the slide. Be prepared bc this adds another $35+ to your general admission ticket-The rental rafts are a waste of money. They can only be used on 2 'rides' & none of the slides. Plus people just abandon them throughout the day so just pick up one of those when you want to float on one. -The food is overpriced and gross, the sunscreen is outrageous, but I realize those prices are par for the course at any amusement park. -Parking is a nightmare. Be prepared to walk...farMaybe in a couple more years they will have some of the kinks worked out but it's nothing but an expensive hassle.  Save your time & sanity as a local & just take your kids to the Rio pool for free.
4	This park is great, don't know why the negative reviews. We spent 5+ hours here today and my daughter did not want to leave. Bought the season passes since it's not that much more than one time admissions and we can come as often as we like. My daughter would  come everyday if it was up to her lol.  The park is not too big and we like it that way because wherever you sit, you are not too far from anything. The only thing that we had a problem with was with the teenagers working in the food outlet, they were just not working fast and did not really know what to do (need more training).Must wear water shoes and lots of suntan lotion (or you will definitely get sunburned). The park was really fun, will be going back at least once a week.Go early to get good seating with shades. Have Fun!
1	I must tell you! It's a nice place to cool off! But 2 seasons and nothing has changed! I have been told to F..... Off by a life guard in front of my 4 year old son over a pissing match over a life jacket! Another trip my 3 year old got chlorine burns around his eyes cause to much chemical in pool! Many kids were affected and at first aid! I called and complained and honestly was treated like a KING! I was given a free cabana and 8 free passes for my family! Richard is a great guy! But today I was waiting to get in with my 2 little ones after securing the cabana for my wife and in laws and some family from back east. I had a cooler with just water in it! Which when we had a cabana 2 weeks earlier the cooler was checked and allowed only because it had just water! Today the kids checking us in said no so I asked for a supervisor! They sent an EPIC jerk off who thought he was a cop! I said to him I was told when we checked in it was ok with just water! He said you we're miss informed, I sId I had it in 2 weeks ago he called me a liar! I said I just stood in line like an asshole holding this cooler......... He stopes me tells me don't use that language  like that in front of MY children! I laughed at him! He told me to watch my tone or I was going to be 86 I lol and asked for his supervisor! As his supervisor approached he was screaming at me! The supervisor of this idiot smoothed things over and allowed me in I took water to cabana emptied cooler and took it back to the car! 30 minutes later a customer sitting in a chair with his family whips out his cooler, pulls out 5 or 6 sandwiches, potato chips, cookies and pop for his kids! I truly have seen and been treated like shit one too many times. I wish my boys didn't love it so!    I'm a hold pass holder for last year as well as this year! I have yet to be on any attractions other then wave pool, lazy river or kids area until today! Let me give credit where credit is due! The slides are thrilling! Finally today I rode them all! Here is what TOTALY sucks! It's dangerous! The cement is hot as hell, it's super slippery when it's wet ! The stairs are dangerous with people carrying giant over sized rafts! Here's what's going to happen mark my words! Someone will fall some one will be seriously hurt, or worse....... Another SERIOUS problem the wind, some day a kids going to be up top on a landing waiting his or her turn holding one of these rafts, the winds going to gust out of no where like it does! The kids going to be a kid and hold onto that raft and the rafts going over the side with that kid holding it! You watch it's bound to happen! Poorly planed things are laid out like my 3 year old did it! All the new water parks through out the country use belts to deliver the rafts to the top! It's 110 degrees here the whole place is hot cement! The bathrooms are filthy because of over use and not enough! The park had plenty of time to grow over the winter...... It didn't! The staff is rude young teenage brats, a few are great kids! The rest are rude! The managers for the most part ( I say this because of the jerk off security guy) are great! They treat you well! I'm sad to say, because cowabunga can't even open there doors, next year I will be giving them a chance!
4	Been here multiple times, I recommend getting a season pass and a souvenir bottle because it'll save you money in the long run. If you don't like the lines come in the afternoon. Beware of holidays...
3	As I love the waterpark and all the rides as a season pass holder, I must admit I have issues with 2 flaws.  First the cement going up to the rides could be made out of something that won't burn your feet off.   Then there is the flip side to that.. The employees dump water down the stairs to cool them off occasionally.  My last visit there, my son broke his arm in 2 places due to the slippery platform at the top of the ride.  He was WALKING up as he goes very slowly up the stairs so it was not his fault.  Now we lose at least a month of time there.  As much as the first guy that helped him first aid was very nice, there was one taking paperwork and asked "what is it you would like us to do"  I asked what can you do.  The checked him out and said they felt his wrist was sprained but they thought his back was ok.  I was asked to sign a paper and I asked what for.  They stated that I refused an ambulance transport (which was true) and then stated I refused any other treatment.  Again I asked WHAT TREATMENT.  They told me you refused an ambulance.  His tone with me was very rude.  The others looking over my son were very nice though.  Now my son is in a cast for 4-6 weeks due to a flaw in their construction.  If my son slipped a few inches back he would have gone backwards on the stairs hurting himself more and falling into my daughter and I behind him.  I have tried to contact them and they have not called back.  This needs to be fixed before someone gets seriously hurt.
1	The rides are great but... The kids tree house area had the coldest water! You could not stand to get the water on you. In fact we heard an employee explain the heater was broken. You have to rent a float to use the lazy river or wave pool. We thought that should be included in the price. The security guards were over zealous to find contraband in our bag. They were rude about us bringing in canned drinks and made us return them to our vehicle. You have to pay to park. Never payed to park at a water park and definitely never payed for a float.  We won't be coming back.
4	Went on a weekday after 4 pm, loved it!  It was super windy but still warm enough to enjoy the water park!  They have a great mix of rides and leisure activities. I will be going back soon!
3	Super fun definitely a place I will love bringing my baby. I did thought think that it was bs that you pay 150 for a cabana but you still have to pay full admission to get in. That was pretty disappointing. The inner tubes used to be free and now they want 5-10$ for them. So they charge for everything and anything now. But other than that the rides were a lot of fun. I hope they expand the parking.
3	it was small with long waits.  Especially for the price and when they mark up everything and upsell as much as they can.  It was fun though, just not quite worth the price IMO.
2	This place is horribly run. Our family was really looking forward to going and it's was an awful experience. Let's start with the basics: we bought a refillable souvenir cup that was $13.99 and their soda refill machine was broken on one side and had no carbonation on the other side. Told staff about both and neither got fixed all day. Lines are long which isn't their fault but they have hardly any shade in most lines and they have one line for multiple slides and when you get to the top everyone wants the same slide but no one is going down the others. They would be better to have a line for each slide separated. There are missing signs all over the park and no signs for height requirements on some slides which ended up allowing my daughter to go down a slide she shouldn't have and the worker at the bottom of the slide said it was the job of the worker at the top to check height since the sign was gone but he didn't do it. How unsafe is that? Then to top the whole day off, there is a big bee problem at the park and in the middle of the wave pool, my daughter was attacked by a bee and stung on her leg while on a raft. Needless to say, we will not be back. Hopefully cowabunga bay is better and they will get our patronage.
2	WNW is a pretty fun place. My family and I have season passes now and we had them last year. Some improvements I have seen from last year to this year are:1. The lines are quicker, smoother, and shorter. We went on a Friday from 2 to 7 p.m. and I was surprised at how little we had to wait in each line. While last year the lifeguards would stand and watch you struggle your tube out of the rides and to the next person yourself, this year they quickly take your tube from you and give it to the next person so you don't have to...awesome! Love this.2. Faster pacing overall by the lifeguards in moving the lines along. For example, on the ride with the blue mat next to Canyon Cliffs, they now have numbers that the next riders up stand on behind each slide, eliminating a step for when it's your turn. 3. The new Tornado is awesome!!!!4. I love that they have so many refillable food/drink items. Not only can you buy refillable drink bottles still, but you can now buy refillable ice cream dishes and icee cups for pretty reasonable prices.Complaints I Have:1. Lifeguards should wear watches or there should ve a clock we can see somewhere in the park. Wierd how lifeguards on duty don't even know what time it is when you ask them.2. The gift shop floor gets wet obviously so it becomes slippery and I even almost slipped and fell on it before. Although I did bring this up to a rude clerk as well as a manager last season, nothing has been done about it even to this day. A non-slip mat you'd think would be an easy solution.3. Slow food lines.4. Cold, gross food. The pizza is pretty okay though and the fries are okay if they're fresh.5. The water seems extra dirty...seems like they could have better filters.6. Last years gold and regular season passes both allowed you 6 free friend passes to bring a friend anytime you wanted. This year the gold pass only lets you bring a friend for free once a month and the regular pass allows you to bring a friend once a month for a fee of $15.....bummer. I loved last years friend benefits way more. Nonetheless, the seasin passes are pretty affordable since you gets your moneys worth with just two visits. I just wish our friends could come with us more.7. The customer service was horrible last year and it has only improved slightly. Many of the lifeguards seem to have careless teenager attitudes most of the time even when you just ask them a simple question.8. This new WNW just doesn't serm as big and excellent as the one we had here in Las Vegas when I was a kid...could be because everything seems bigger and better when you're a kid...not sure. Even though I do have a few complaints and WNW still has some room for improvement, I am still happy to have it back to give kids something to do in this very hot city. They really should have never taken it away.
5	My favorite water spot with my two kids or a kids free date night. So much fun! Also the churros at the food truck concession are amazing.
5	We love Wet N Wild!! The new ride is awesome!! The cabana service was amazing! Gretchen rocks!! The Deseret Racers slides are a must!! We have season passes! Totally worth it! We love getting to go whenever we want, even if its only a few hours.
5	I love wet and wild. I went in opening day and pretty much every weekend since. The new ride is lots of fun. The food is good and the refillable drink cup makes it a cheap way to stay hydrated. Can't wait for them to build on, the slides they have a great just excited for the park to grow. The gold pass is awesome with free parking and one free guest path a month really comes in handy. I recommend people to check out the park!
5	My whole family had a great experience here!The park is a bit on the small side, which can be good for keeping track of kids, but also means there are fewer rides. That being said, there was never a moment when any of my kids ran out of something fun to do. I don't know when I have EVER been to a cleaner facility. The bathrooms were kept cleaner than I would expect from a water park. Somehow, they kept the floors dry and the fresh smell was pleasant. In the bathrooms, they also have ample showers. The staff was very pleasant. Everyone stayed safe all day. I didn't see any issues that would concern me. Lifeguards had their eyes constantly working the wave pool and safely moving riders from the bottom of each slide before the next rider came down. No near misses like I've seen at other water parks. My only complaint would be the cost of the food and beverages there. $3 is too much for a soda cup that cannot be refilled. And the souvenir cup that allows for refills is cost prohibitive, as well. All in all, a great experience.
1	After experiencing the worst season last year when they first opened, I will never ever go back to this place.  I bought their Gold Pass Season Tickets. They changed their tube rental policy during the season as well as their times of operation. This I thought was very unprofessional of them.  To top it off, one visit that we had made us hate the whole staff and experience overall.  We had some issues regarding the chairs and after I complained to management about it, they handled the whole situation very inappropriately.  We felt discriminated upon by their staff because of how they handled our dilemma.  They sent me a renewal code for this season and I just deleted it.  I would rather go to a smaller place where we are treated with much respect by the staff than this lousy and unorganized place.  I suggest not wasting your hard earned money at Wet N Wild!!! I would give NO STAR if Yelp allows me but I guess 1 will have to do even though it is not deserved by this place!
1	Hurt my back on the ride by royal flush. Ripped my suit and they acted like I was just trying to get free stuff from them. Customer service sucks SOOOO bad.
5	We have a gold pass for me and my 6 year old which we use weekly.  Took my wife as a free buddy pass tonight and my 2 year old for the first time.   We rented a cabana to celebrate a family event.  Had a blast as a family even though my 2 year old could only do the real small slides. He had a blast in the lazy river and wave pool.  Staff was friendly.  What people need to realize is that the staff is doing thier jobs of protecting you and your kids.  This place will not tolerate bad behavior from kids and parents alike which I can respect.  It keeps on getting better with more rides, more shade, and misters.  My wife commented on how attentive, and professional all the lifeguards are.  We look forward to many more visits!
3	So I waited till about 6pm to take the kids here for 4th of July. The kids immediately gets in the lazy river and I get floaters ready to have some fun! Guess what, they close all the rides due to weather. We wait.... I get the kiddos some food, we wait some more... Then they close the whole park early. 4th of July, ruined! All I hear in the car while driving home is, mommy we should've just bought fireworks! We pass Red Rock Casino, and I say, there, there's your fireworks,grrrrr. On a positive note, we need the rain! Oh well, there's always next year.... The manager was very nice I have to add. Tickets for another visit were given to my friend and her family who I brought there for the 4th. They also refunded the parking fee and put back the 2 floaters back into my card. Will try again next week!
4	We came after 4 pm on a Thursday so we only paid $20 each great deal. Parking is $7 but we didn't have to pay not sure if it was free after 4 or the kind parking attendant let us in because we asked if there was free parking anywhere.  We got to go on all the large slides some multiple times before it closed at 8pm. The lines were not long but some lines took forever.  We counted one slide only had 4 rafts going at a time. Would have been much faster if there was more than 4. You figure by the time some hikes up all those stairs with the raft and comes down that takes a long time. Now only having 4 for the whole slide.. but my kids really enjoyed themselves even my husband & I had a lot of fun and we're really satisfied with our visit. My advice bring watershoes or else you will burn your feet waiting in line in the hot sun. If you have kids this is a great place to bring them especially to cool off in the Vegas heat.
5	Overall: One of the great things to do in Vegas with a wife and 2 year oldDetails:- Took advantage if the "40 days for 40 dollars" promotion. I hope this pricing becomes the standard for the park.- Great location in SW Vegas away from the strip and really high traffic areas. - Water slides and lazy river were excellent.- The park allows "easy ups" to be set up on the grassy areas. My family likely be using this option to make sure we have a well shaded seating area in the future.- Food options were better than expected. The pizza was good as were the Caffe Latte and Blueberry Pom smoothies.
5	Family fun!  Located conveniently close to my neighborhood.  There is no better place to spend the summertime in Las Vegas than in water.  My 4 1/2 year old daughter loves the kid area,  and all the smaller slides,  but is tall enough to ride on a lot of the bigger slides as well.  The best part is the Lazy River,  Wave Pool, and sunshine.
5	I'm a native las vegan, and I always had a season pass to the original wet n wild as a teenager. I had great memories there. I took my 5 year old for the first time and we had the greatest time! I rode on all the rides with him and felt like a teenager again:) the whole place was very clean (especially compared to what I remember the old wet n wild being). Thank you for bringing back a fun family water park to Vegas and for keeping it away from the strip. We will be going back!
4	I bought the "40 Days for 40 Dollars" promotion Wet n Wild had this 2014 season (regular daily adult admission is $40 alone), and I'm glad I did! So far, I've been twice on that pass within the 40 days, and I hope to visit at least once more this summer!  The facilities are pretty clean, staff is mostly friendly, and the lines aren't very long at all! I think the most I've waited in line has been about 20 minutes. The food is very average and over-priced, but that's what I expected. It would be nice to see more healthy options, but that would of course increase overhead and ticket cost to patrons. Hopefully they expand with more rides, cabanas, and options for guests. Or even open a park in each 4 corners of LV.
1	No star. My husband and I were assaulted on Sunday. My husband by three to four males and myself by three females. We asked them to quit smoking as the lifeguards did not seem to care. We had a cabana and the saving grace is that our three year old son was asleep as to not witness the assault. The cabana that assaulted us housed about eight or so adults and six or so children. According to wet n wild it is a no smoking facility and only six persons per cabana.  Why did a rep/security not notice but better yet why did the cabana hostesses not notice or make a comment to management? We were reprimand for our sons ring float. When personnel arrived the assailants fled with the reps telling us they were being sequestered Ina separate area - they walked in separate directions.  The response of metro was excessive or lack of (45 mins) and we left. Neighboring cabanas gave us their support as we left and commented that we were not in the wrong as we all believe that the assailants did not rent the cabana. We met with metro the next morning at the er and they commented that wet n wild employees led us wrongly as they do not believe they have the ability to detain. When we called to see how this was being handled was stonewalled and basically informed to get a lawyer. Wet n wild is not staff adequately or with responsible individuals. Safety is a concern. My husband has a facial fracture, abrasions, eye hemorrhage, lacerations, multiple fractures in big toe foot. He is unable to work.  Guess we are getting a lawyer.
3	Overall the park is good. Clean, attentive staff. Some of the rides have a very long wait, which can try your patience. The addition of the Tornado is a plus and the Desert Racers is another favorite. The lazy river is often short in tubes and guests aren't always that polite when  waiting or dropping them off for others to use. Purchasing the Express Passes is a help with the lines, but also can expensive.
3	I'll start with the negatives because I think it needs to be fixed immediately. Military discounts are available but you have to go to nellis air force base to get them. So I told a fellow veteran to purchase some tickets and after driving down there they only offer season passes, very disappointing. Cowabunga Bay offers a limited military discount at the gate. Rental tubes for the wave pool? Ridiculous and the wave pool at Cowabunga Bay is so much better. The longest line is when you have to eat. OMG I was talking to someone that waited 1 hour for a box of pizza. You get some of your food and the rest you have to keep going back to the window to check. The lazy river has a lot of rough surfaces on the bottom and sides. I have more to add but now the positive, I will only come back for the Tornado, Rattler and Desert racers and the sunscreen station deserves a 5 star kudos to the marketing team.
4	They found my sunglasses!!!!! Old ass glasses but they were at lost and found and weren't stolen.
4	I love Wet n Wild being an ex-lifeguard of the old one im biased but still the service is way better than it used to be they just need toddler friendly area that isnt freezing and it would be perfect--- Kudos to the security employee that helped me (left my belongings out and someone went through them) and went above his duty to make me feel better his name was Mike (now i rent the lockers everytime but better safe than sorry) - and another one she was a lifeguard in the baby kid slide area (the only warm pool) her name is Bailey i think she was super helpful and also went above her job duties to help the lil kids when they were stuck on the slide while the other one just stood there - and the same pool today 7-31-14 around 1pm a lifeguard was not watching her water she almost had a toddler drown right behind her until the supermom jumped in and saved the kid and she didnt even know it and the lifeguard above didnt do anything either they looked very bored and i was shocked cause i was yelling LIFEGUARD a few times to get her attention but nope they just stood there - i didnt get their names but im sure its on a rotation somewhere -- oh yeah they need to post a BIG clock somewhere to be more helpful--- Security MIKE and lifeguard Bailey are awesome they need a raise or promotion
3	THE NEGATIVE:  We visited on 8/4/14.  There were afternoon t-storms in the forecast.  At around 12:30 PM, they made an announcement over the P.A. that the park would be closing at 2:00 PM due to the weather forecast.  Although they were correct as the rain/lightning started right around 2:00, there was no need to close the park for the rest of the day.  Summertime t-storms are usually short lived and pass through the area quickly.  They could have closed the pools/attractions temporarily and reopened them after the storm passed.  Then I overheard an employee say that the closure was actually due to low attendance for the day. Apparently, they decided to use the weather as an excuse to close early.  But the problem is that we payed for a full-day's admission and weren't ready to go home at 2:00 PM. Of course, no refunds are offered.  The only thing they offered us (after we had to ask for it) were passes to come back before the end of the 2014 season.  Since we live in San Diego (a 5 hour drive) it is a bit impractical to come back this season. After about an hour of severe weather, the rain/lightning did, in fact, subside.  But the park, which was scheduled to be open until 8:00 PM, was closed for the rest of the day.THE POSITIVES:  The place is brand new and everything is clean and pristine.For the most part, the lifeguards were professional, distinctly attired and well equipped. But a few of them appeared to be bored and were inattentive.Free sunscreen!!  This was probably the most positive attribute to this park.  It was a really nice touch to have giant bottles of unlimited sunscreen at our disposal and to not have to worry about bringing your own and making a special trip to the locker every time you need to re-apply.  This is a brilliant idea and I think that all water parks should follow suit.The electronic, wristband operated lockers were secure, easy to use and hassle-free.All-in-all, we had a great time while we were there but, in my opinion, the early closure was inexcusable.
1	Wait in line get a hot float to carry and wait in line more then go down a slide that doesn't get you wet. Or you can go in an overcrowded cold wave pool and strap your kid up with a life vest. The lazy river is nice and small with very little movement and has enough people in it so you never go without bumping into someone. But if that doesn't sell you then maybe you'll enjoy going to the kids area and having freezing cold water dumped on you while trying to get to the slides, I can't enjoy that last one because my kid won't go near the kid area because of all the ice water splashing on his head. There is nothing but space. Use it! The place needs to be twice as big and needs to fix the above things. I've been multiple times and I'm done. It's a terrible water park the way it's configured now
3	$80 for 2 people $7 for parking & $8 for a locker .... Yep I'll never go there again beside the line for the rides are to long
4	Overall I like the park if I"m going after 4 pm for the half off deal. I don't feel this park is worth 40 bucks for a whole day there. Recently they have been having issues with a high population of bee's and I was stung while going down the large water slides. Their staff was very helpful and offered to clean the sting so I didn't have to worry about infection.
4	Yes I'm a true Vegas native. I remember the old wet n wild and how much fun it was just like most others. But let's be real folks, I'm 27 now back then I was like 10, 11 years old. I truly believe if they built an exact replica of the old wet n wild it will never capture the feeling that I had of being a kid while I was there. But anyway I've heard lots of bad about this place. " freezing water, hot surfaces, over priced food, the lifeguards are rude and mundane blah blah blah. The water wasn't that cold, it was actually pretty nice, walmart sells 5$ swim shoes ( buy some) and if the food cost too much, eat after you leave. I mean this is vegas. Everything is overpriced lol.Pros- great location ( I'm really close by) slides were fun not thrilling but fun.Cool variety of rides.Free sunscreen station . The "teenage" staff was awesome. I read reviews people say the lifeguards are rude. I mean what a way to show your age! I would love to see some of these old timers on here who complained about the staff when they worked their summer job at a pool or fast food and how cheerful they were to their customers...NOT! They act like teenagers just like u did back in the day. People also don't take into account being in the sun all day drains you especially in this town . Bottom line their kids give them a break! 40$ for 40 daysSplash island for the kids (I have a 6 year old)Cons- it's pretty redundant standing In line for a inter tube just to get in another line. A conveyor belt would be awesome idea for the futureWave pool was pretty weak , it was clean though.Need more rides! I miss the Bombay and darestuka. Overall it was good, me and my son had a blast.  Not like other people have made it out to be. At the end of the day these are all opinions and it's up to you to decide for yourself. Vegas has two water parks. I'm happy. Lol I'll be back
5	Our family went for the first time and we had a blast! We have never gone to the "old" Wet n Wild as I read about on the strip but we loved this place.  It is definitely in the middle of no where, but I kinda liked it lol.  It's right next to a recreation park where I think people park their cars instead of parking 45 steps over and paying for Wet n Wild....I'm just saying.  We took advantage of the Friday night movie and the twilight tickets ($19.99 instead of $39.99; 4pm-close, 10pm) since there's five of us.  On Fridays( I think) during the summer, they have a new movie each week in the Wave pool area where a screen comes up (it's pretty small but cool none the less) and you can see a movie while hanging out in the Wave pool.  The movie they showed our Friday night was "Happy Feet 2".  My kids are teens 15, 16, & 18 and we all had a blast even in the Kids area.  There are different areas for different ages but we found all areas to be fun! We got on all the big slides we could handle and when we were done, we hung out in the lazy river.  The lines weren't too long and although it had been 111 degrees all week, at this time it was in the low 100's, but the humidity felt high so when you came off of a ride, you were only cold for about 5 minutes then you were dry lol.  Since hubby wasn't up to slippin and slidin, he hung out more in the lazy river as did one of my other teens.  It really was something for everyone. They have the CUTEST section for 2 year olds!  AND THEIR WATER IS WARM BY THE WAY!  Much smaller pool and slide of course but sooooooo adorable!  I would have definitely brought my kids here when they were younger!  They have everything from Icees, sodas, pizza, funnel cakes, churros, pretzels, dippin dots ice cream, lemonade, there's quite a bit to eat.  I didn't like the eating area only because there were millions of bees and I hate bees but I guess its to be expected.  The staff was cool but very young; I asked and one guy was 16 years old.  Most of them did pay attention but there were times of texting and not paying attention to kids trying to get on the ride even though they were not the right height.  They would allow them to get on, not paying attention because they were in the middle of a text but when that kid came to get back on again, they'd tell them No because of their height and that did cause some issues with patrons and I understand why.  All in all, a good time was had by all.  They have Cabanas you can rent but there's also a large grassy area (no covering from the scorching sun though) when you can picnik.  There's also small areas with chairs and umbrellas that are on a first come, first serve basis.  They do check your bags when you come in so be prepared for that.  The only thing I did not like was you have to pay for your tubes.  I think that's cheesey given you've paid quite a bit to get in.  Other water parks I've been to at least provide them with collateral like your ID or a deposit that goes back to you if all is fine with your tube.Again, all in all, this place was great!
1	Place is sad! Place has little to no hope! The brats that run it are rude! The kids that sell food are not trained! They were closed for how many years? They had how many other water parks in the country? Who designed this place a class of kindergarteners? The lay out is stupid! The lazy river is tiny ! I have seen apartment complexes with bigger kids areas ! The life  guards ? All I have to say is I hope they never have to save anyone in my family! The movies in the wave pool! My tv is bigger and has better picture too! I am a season pass holder! 2 years now! It has not gotten better it's gotten worse! The place is hot like hell the water is freezing and they have nothing for kids other then the 3 little slides that are super crowded because the bucket area which the employees have named "Misery Island" is too rough and crazy for little kids! Place is off my list haven't been back in 5 weeks! Cowabunga bay........ They were late but they got it right for the kids! Anyway I can get a refund wet n wild? LoL yeah right a joke should have stayed closed
3	Third visit- Our second one was 4th of July. It was ruined but it was beyond anyone's control, it was due to weather. Today we arrived around 4pm, found a spot by the lazy river and Canyon Cliffs. I loved the spot, no traffic and quiet. Two of my boys left for the lazy river. My eldest with two of his friends tried the Canyon Cliff and husband with 12 year old hung out with me, enjoying the sun, watching the crowd and our younger boys. We bought 5 churros and a pretzel, I specifically told them we were not eating there cause we planned on us hanging dinner at home. I am so not spending an arm and a leg for food that will not fill my boys' tummies. Snacks was as far as I was willing to go since I'm trying to make it up to them that we had no vacation this summer. We spent $20 for food today. We had water bottles and was told we could refill them in the park. Life was good, earphones and all/listening to summer music.... But there where bees all over. Not a lot, about 3 at one time. I told the boys to say still when they came  near. We were good,  up until I got stung! I felt this stinging, pain, I'm scared, I stood up, squeezing my arm. Told my husband, I got stung! He reacted very quickly (this is why I love him), pulled the stinger out, I'm still in pain. We walk to first aid, they pull the rest out with a tweezer and apply a hydrocortisone. I felt better, no longer scared (I have asthma) but can still feel the warmth and sting of the venom. We decide to move by the wave pool I am now paranoid about the bees. There were bees by the wave pool and stood from my lounger whenever  they came near. The girl from first aid said that they've tried to get rid of the bees but have not succeeded. It was about 7pm when we moved by the wave pool and I have not touched the water. I told my husband I wanted to leave, i could feel the warmth and stinging in my arms still and wanted to go home and take some ibuprofen. We left at 7:30pm, with no fun for me. My kids had a great time though and I'm still optimistic about this place. I'm a sucker if you make my kids happy. You really need to fix this bee problem though. My arm is now twice as swollen with hydrocortisone applied and ibuprofen. I'm hoping it doesn't get any worse by tomorrow, I have work for the next 4 days and very long shifts.... Keeping my fingers crossed!
2	cons: all rides spread so far apart... whoever designed this park didn't think carefully about layout (compared to other water parks where the stairs to the slides are close to each other... not spread on opposite sides of the park).The ground is unbearably too hot... must wear shoes to get around... of course this is expected in vegas.-there is only one entrance to the lazy river... would have been great to be able to get in and out at two points at least (to save walking from one side of the park to other other in thee heat)-life guards are so ANAL and whistle happy.... can't do anything in the lazy river except for practically  float on the spot.-can't take food in.- RIDICULOUS amounts of bees or wasps everywhere.pros: -water feels great-some great slides!
4	I've been here twice and my wife has been here 4 times. It hasn't been as busy says my wife and I'm assuming it's because of cowabunga bay. We spent about $60+ on each season pass ticket and has already paid for itself on 2 visits. Slides are fun and there really isn't anything to extreme for adults but I get it, it's mainly for kids. Lazy river is nice, sometimes it gets crowded and kids get a little rowdy but I get that also, it's a kids place let them have fun. Food is expensive, but that's given. $20 for a large pizza. Facilities are clean, ie showers, bathrooms, etc. staff members are nice as well.I hope they make some new slides or any other additions. I here that the competition is really stepping up their game.
5	Had a really nice family day today, brought all the kids with us and they had so much fun even when it was packed with people. We got a fast pass thingy and it worked perfectly we loved being able to ride our favorite ride more then once in a visit totally affordable. Thanks wet n wild
3	I gave this place a 4 star for my last review and since I had a chance to take my 4 yr old here I'm going to have to put it down a notch. The kids play area has cold COLD water. It wasn't fun. I've heard other ppl complain about it but it really is an uncomfortable temperature. Might have to check out the competitions heated kids area.
2	My update has now been colored heavily by going to Legoland Water Park in California. They have these awesome lifts that bring the tubes up to the top of the slides so you do not have to pull them up the stairs yourself. They also have great food and lots of seating, multiple water play areas for kids...anyway...We came back here once this summer, which again was more than enough. We got there right at opening and it wasn't crowded yet, so this time we did get to go on some slides. They were fun, but pulling those rafts up the stairs is seriously an accident waiting to happen. The little kids were smacking into everyone, and I almost saw a boy tumble backwards...I just have no idea what they were thinking with this. I feel like this is totally a "well, where else are you going to go??" kind of thing, because if you have been to any of the many water parks in CA, you will be disappointed in this. We will try out Cowabunga next summer and see if that one is any better, but at this point I almost feel like driving all the way out to CA is actually worth it, if this is the best Vegas can do.I will say that if you get a season pass, and go weekly for just a couple hours right when they open, it may be worth it, since that would bring your price down and they don't seem to be that crowded, but it kind of sucks to go through all you have to go through to get ready to go there (at least when you have kids in tow) and only stay for a little bit.
2	Today I took my family to Wet n Wild for the first time here in Vegas. I moved here from Orlando FL just 2 years ago, and this water park is PATHETIC!!!  So much for all things being "Grand" in Vegas this is anything BUT Grand! I won't spend time going into all the issues, but I will list the most obvious ones. It is WAY TOO small and difficult to get around. There are not enough bridges over the lazy river to get to anything without going all the way around, everything has barricades so there are unnecessary bottle-neck lines for ridiculous things, like the wave pool. People should not have to walk around to the front of the wave pool, you should just be able to go in from any point. The wave pool is a JOKE, again way too small. Almost every ride is a tube ride which can be a REAL PAIN having to carry tubes up the stairs.  Another ridiculous thing is that if you want a tube for the wave pool or the lazy river you have to rent them. It cost $5 a person/tube the double is $10 and they run out of them fast, but regardless who the hell wants to "watch" over their tube all damn day. Seriously, if each place had their own colored tubes, no one would care, once you're done with the river or pool leave the tube for someone else, it should be simple, stop trying to take our money for something so fundamentally stupid.  The lazy river is too shallow and not enough "get-out" entries. FOR THE KIDS: I have a 2.5 year old who is very comfortable in the water and is a great swimmer. She got bored quickly with the 3 kiddie slides and the bucket dropping water park was also WAY TOO small and very cold so she wasn't into it that much and at a point all she really wanted to do was swim, and there are NO KIDS POOLS anywhere! Seriously she would have had more fun at the splash pads. I do agree with other reviews the staff is not consistent with the rules and is not properly trained. As for food, we bought the groupon that included the bbq buffet lunch and it was pretty good, hard to find, a bit chaotic considering how big the room was where the food was laid out, and no one could figure out the drink dispenser it just shuts off automatically and there were buttons and such, weird and not simple to say the least. I mean its a drink dispenser Jesus!! My husband and I did all the rides, they were short, but fun, not really the best thrill for adults. I would say ages 5 through 18 is the best age for this water park. I really think they could have done a hell of a lot better.  Needless to say I have decided the season passes are not worth it and I will be trying Cowabunga next just to have a comparison.
1	All employees here are so rude! Came here for MGM event and included was one lunch either hamburger or hot dog and a person grabbed two hamburger patties and they said only one per person and lady employee saw that guy with two she yelled at him saying only one and he said he didn't know and that he saw everyone else grabbing more than two and she literally snatched his patty and put it back in the tray! How freaking disgusting!! This place sucks, waste of money!! On top of that we rented a cabana supposingly  we have a person who comes and takes our order and drinks we had to complain to supervisors twice!!! No one was attending us and when they finally came with our order of chicken tenders he came in also with a box of pizza and  my niece and sister in law just said "cool pizza box" and he said in a very rude tone "not for you guys!" RUDE RUDE RUDE! Even when we asked other employees a questioned they either ignores us or just pointed towards another person. The employees here don't want to work at all. Very poor customer service!
1	Now you serve liquor? Are you a bunch of uneducated people ? It's a water park with kids, for kids , you need drunks in there? Really? I'm done you lost me as a customer for sure! Along with my wife and 2 kids! Kiss my white swim trunks!
3	I always have lower standards for water parks. I don't like public pools for obvious reasons, so this place wasn't an exception.Cons:1. Jeez this place is small. Compared to the one on the strip a long time ago, this place is tiny. If there is no wait on the slides, you can probably get on all of them in less than an hour. 2. Kids EVERYWHERE!! I know it's a family establishment but holy f*** kids are annoying. I was in the lazy river enjoying being lazy and this family of 6 kids comes along in their tubes all loud and bumping me into the sides. 3. The water is yucky. Then again all public pools/parks are yucky. The lazy river's water was murky and debris floating everywhere. SUPER GROSS!!4. Their food selection is pretty basic to accommodate the kids. Pizza, chicken fingers, fries...that sort of thing. Just food I wouldn't eat normally. 5. There aren't a lot of chairs to sit on. So arrive early to claim your spot.6. Parking is $7, but all amusement parks have a parking fee.Pros:1. Yay for the free tubs of sunscreen available!2. There are lockers to place your stuff so you feel secure. 3. The teenagers I did talk to while I was there were pretty friendly and helped me get over my fear of getting on the slides.4. And of course, the slides are pretty fun once you get over the initial fear of dropping. Overall, I had a good time here. But it was a good thing I got in for free. Otherwise, I would have been disappointed if I had shelled out my own $.
3	So got to go on everything,  but smaller than the old one. Too many bees :/ Um, idk. Definitely pros and cons.
5	Sad that Summer is coming to a end.  We love Wet and Wild so much.  I'm def getting the season pass next year.   We've been going to Wet and Wild since it was on the Strip of Las Vegas.   I do wish that the lifeguards would regulate the Lazy River a bit better.  Whenver I'm trying to relax.  Theres always someone acting stupid and splashing around
5	I have gone back twice since my last post and both experiences were much better. The signs were fixed and there wasn't a bee in sight. We had a great time and will go back for sure! So glad they have worked at fixing the previous issues mentioned!
2	Bought a season pass last season and was very disappointed. Went once this season on a free day which was nice of them. The water was still super cold but lines were sorter so we actually went down a couple slides. The wave pool is very mild compared to the one at cowabunga bay. Had a better time, but still not sold.
4	This is our 2nd attempt at going to this water park (my husband really missed the old location, where he had nice childhood memories; he's born & raised here) within a few weeks time; the 1st time being a Yelp Elite event (we got deluxe treatment that day; that was very nice) that got rained out (hence the complimentary tickets to come back- THANKS again). Though, we went away for a few days last week to the beach and Disneyland, we spent the day here yesterday (sunday is their slow day in September, we were told- the previous weekend was military weekend, so it would be busy)), normal operating hours were from 10 am to 6 pm- and that is what we did, all day long. I think we were able to get the full experience this time around. (I only went to the original one on the very last day BTW.)Parking is $7.00 and the clerk told us that they take debit cards there for parking, and everywhere else inside the park, as well- lockers, gift shop, cafe, etc. I suppose we got there early enough, because we were in the second row.  I used the front side (to the right of the main/front bathrooms) baby changing station bathroom (handicapped accessible) which had a single shower as well. There are two of these specialty bathrooms BTW. The bathroom located near the Kiddie Cove and across from the Lazy River (two ways to get there, take the stroller around to the left side, or take the stairs, which is to the right side), is a simple one, there is no mirror and no liners for the toilets. But you can buy tampons or pads for a quarter. And funny/gross, there is a sign with rules on the wall, one being about people with diarhhea. One of the stalls had signs of explosive diarhhea (so #1 I don't think much attention to this bathroom was taken? and #2, some people weren't abiding by the rules, gross). Note: water fountains are in fron of this bathroom. FREE spf30 sunscreen at several areas in the park, like the front side, and in front of the Wave Pool. Lots of covered areas to make your camp. We chose loungers near the entrance of the Lazy River. I liked it, but then as the day wore on, the sun was creeping over, but we weren't there for most of the day, anyway. Bees are everywhere and can be annoying, though hubby said it's mainly desert landscaping (few floral bushes out front).We went around 4x in the lazy river, then went over to Kiddie Cove for those over 30" tall (slides- three different ones- the orange/yellow one can be multi-person, but side-by-side; you can't hang out in this warm pool, though), and dabbled in the bucket area's bottom section with splashy sections (BRR, cold water!!!), then to the Wave Pool (oh, that's my favorite place!). Vests for the little ones are mandatory. When I noticed parts of my son's feet were turning pink, we took a break for lunch (and re-applied sunblock). You pay the clerk. Get in line to pick up your food. We got two soft-serve swirl cones and a basket of waffle fries, which was $14.03 (napkins, forks, seasonings on the right side; sauces were way over to the left side). Hubby said the ice cream was still the same, and brought back childhood memories. It was very creamy. The fries were good, but how hard is it to mess up fries? We had to hurry with eating as the bees kept coming back to our camp. When our son was asleep in the stroller, we started to get on the rides. Music was playing (loud in some parts). Crowd was not so bad, of course, there are some line-cutters, always some of those. There were lines to get the rafts (but not more than 15 people tops), and then lugging them up on average, six flights of stairs to the ride's platform (the smart design was have a single platform for one to three rides- but that also give the appearance that the park is small). TIP: carry the rafts with your arms extended up, you can use the handles or just the top of it. Rules were the same for pretty much every ride, warnings were for pregnant people, people with health issues, including blood pressure (really? disclaimers for everything nowadays. and, duh on the pregnant people). Also, there is a weight limit on some rides. I don't know which ones, though. For the most part, the staff is pretty nice. When we had questions, we got straight answers. I just love how the girl at the slides, Courtney, would set the little ones straight about cutting the line (that's cool!), because there were some runners. One little gripe about Kiddie Cove, wish there was a little pool for the little ones, that's what was missing, I think. So, when our little guy was done with his nap, we went back to the Lazy River, Wave Pool, and Kiddie Cove. And you know, we took turns with him on the slides, and got one last ride in (that Canyon one is probably the scariest, for me anyway). When we were getting ready to leave, not one tantrum, I think he was satisfied (he must've gone down the slides about 25x). All in all, it was a great family outing. It went so well, hubby wants to come back next year.
5	5 Stars... Had so much fun on Sunday! I should start this review by saying I'm a terrible scaredy cat.... So I wasn't sure if there'd be many rides for me. Luckily I was able to enjoy almost all of them! Yes I'm the girl with the blood curdling screams. We arrived around 2pm and it was perfect. The place has a steady stream of people, but not so busy that we had to wait forever in line. We never waited more than fifteen min (End of season perk). Sometimes no line at all. Definitely great to go at this time of year. My friend found out it is half price after 2pm, and I think that is a great deal. Although if you plan to go more than 3 times, you may be better off getting the season pass. My absolute favorite ride is the half pike. I was originally too scared to ride it, but so glad my friend talked me into it. You go down a short tunnel, and then it feels like the bottom drops out & you fall straight down & immediately up what looks like a skate board wall and back down again. So much fun! This ride requires the combined weight of both riders to be 200. They actually put you on a scale to confirm, but don't worry it is more of a pass/fail rather than actually saying your weight. If the scale shows a green light, you are good to go. My 2nd favorite ride (and the Bf's fav) was the new Tornado. It can take up to 4 people per ride. This one sends you down a tunnel and then into a giant funnel like 'tornado' sending you back & forth up the funnel sides. Thrilling & awesome! Personally I also really liked Rattler & Zipp, Zapp, Zoom. rattler is another one that allows 4 people. A fun pink & green twisting & turning slide. The ZZZ is definitely very calm and I was able to build up some confidence. I think it is great that they offer complimentary sun screen. Also all of the staff were incredibly fun & friendly. I really felt like the employees working the rides took time & care to ensure safety, but also keep it fun. My only concern is pricing. I feel tickets/season passes & etc are all a little high for what is offered. I am sure they plan to add more rides, so I can't wait to see what else they bring. We went back to the alcohol dining area and I recommend getting the Stella. It tasted so good. Food is on par with what you would expect. Nothing fancy. Chicken fingers were pretty good with quality ranch (some ranch is terrible) and I definitely liked the criss cut fries. Our server was great, I think his name was Jason. (I feel like it was spelled a different way though) That's what I get for waiting a few days to finish the review. Also our cabana waitress was great. When we came back after our first round of rides, she had left some water & her number in case we needed her for anything. Very nice touch! Great job Wet n Wild, I'll be back next year just trying to decide between season pass or single visits.
5	Had a great time at this place over the summer.   If you're a local, the season passes are worth it.  Our family spent lots of evenings at Wet'n'Wild.  If you're not a fan of braving the heat during the day, I recommend Wet'n'Wild as something to do in the evenings.  It seems to be a bit less crowded, and the water feels good on the warm summer nights.  Lots of fun slides if your kids are at 42" or taller.
1	My family and I  were here for the MGM event on sept 2. We brought our two small toddlers with us. First this place is not meant for small children,  There is no toddler pool,only three small slides together. You have to wait in line for them and as the line attendant rudely told me children are not allowed to stay in the pool they must exit quickly. It only took two hours to find any chairs with shade. The bathrooms were disgusting and are something you would expect in a prison. The staff were all incredibly rude when I inquired about a wadding pool and slides for our children they young man rolled his eyes and said "No look some where else". There was also lunch included with our ticket. It was outdoor buffet with burgers or hotdogs and chips. The crazed woman overseeing the lines yelled at me to put my back one of my patties ( I had two just like many other ppl I'd seen) after I'd already touched it. All the food was cold and gross. We also made the mistake of parking in the back lot, Where there is no clear sinage where the actual entrance is. The park in general is not very large the wave pool was freezing. Not one person from their staff was friendly or even polite.Many parents were being told that there childrens floaties were not allowed as there was no clear signage as to what the park allows.  The lazy river was ok but only one entrance. Defintitely not stroller or toddler friendly. This was not worth our time or money I will never come here again.
1	Totally overbooked- waited for over 45 minutes for any of the cool rides. Rubbed against other people all day. It was that crowded.Thought I would share feedback and wrote 2 emails to the staff. No answer. When I realized I handn't received even a courtesy form email in response, I called and left a message. It becomes a matter of principle. I have been in customer service for 20 years.Finally got a call back, guy was numb as if he had been hearing this f o r e v e r.
1	Well I thought wet and wild was helping with my sons medical.  Well at least that is what they told me.  When the bills finally came in, they were in excess of $4,000 and when I emailed that over I never got an answer.  I emailed 3 times and have heard nothing.  Now I am really mad.
