5	Vegas has become a massive theme park, where each of the mega hotels immerses you in the experience of a vacation in places as exotic as Egypt (the Luxor), as medieval as England in the days of King Arthur (the Excalibur), or as romantic as France (the Paris) or Italy (the Venetian). You can even stay in the urban jungle of Manhattan (New York, New York) or join Dorothy and company on their fanciful journey to Oz (the MGM Grand). For comfort with a touch of Old World Mediterranean grandeur and Riviera luxury, check into the Monte Carlo. All 3,002 guest rooms are spacious, decorated in brown and beige tones, with rich cherrywood furniture, plush carpeting, and Italian marble and granite bathrooms with brass fixtures. Junior suites have a sitting area, dining table and chairs, and an additional half bath. The property's 21,000 square-foot pool area, a tropical oasis where one can escape from the glaring desert sun, features cascading waterfalls, lush landscaping, and a number of swimming pools, including a meandering easy river ride, where one can use an inner tube or raft to float among the towering palms, and a wave pool that recreates the movement of the ocean. There are three tennis courts, lit for night play, and a morning clinic with lessons, ball machine, and racquet rental, and a fitness center, although the $22 per day charge for hotel guests is excessive, in my opinion. As in all major Vegas properties, there is a 24-hour casino, featuring more than 2,100 slot and video poker machines, blackjack, high-limit gaming areas, a poker room, baccarat, roulette, keno, and a full service race and sports betting area. Gamers can receive awards by joining "The One Club," which tracks slot and table play. Dining options include one of the city's most elaborate buffets. Rates start at $79.95 per night, Sunday through Thursday, and $119.95 per night, Friday and Saturday, based on availability. For  reservations, call (888) 529-4828.
3	These are the hotels that piss me off.  It's an average hotel in good hotel clothing!  This goes for places like New York New York too!....Just cuz they throw in a magic show and some nice carpet doesn't make this place a resort.  Oh...and I'm officially banned from this hotel.  Damn my college roommates.
4	The monte carlo is basically rooms, location, great restaurants, and a little gambling. What's wrong with that?
3	Because there are so many hotel-casino choices in Las Vegas, each one targets a subtly different market niche; this one is where tourists who want the euro swank feel of places like Bellagio, Paris and Venetian *but aren't willing to pay for it* come to stay.  Well, the old adage "you get what you pay for" is certainly true here.  This place is very mediocre, from the Holiday Inn style rooms, to the disingenuous service, to the disappointing buffet, which actually used to be pretty good.  Certainly the best aspect of this hotel is its ideal mid-Strip location.  For the money, the Luxor is a much better bet (no pun intended).
2	We arrived late at night, and noticed that there's no lane for check-in.  The valet working the driveway told us where to self-park and didn't inform us that the valet is free!  Our room was completely done up in beige.  The clock radio did not work and the shower didn't drain properly.  I had to notify maintenance twice before they fixed the shower, but the staff was very accomodating.  The room was spacious enough and though not completely soundproof, we were fairly certain that our neighbors couldn't hear our baby crying.  I would only stay here again if it was significantly less expensive than its neighbors.Monte Carlo has no nightlife (read no night club) and no attractions.  The pool area has a "lazy river" you can float in.  The arcade is beyond small and boring.Room service has a nice selection.  The cleaning staff is very good, but uses way too much lemon-scented aerosol air freshener.  You have to pay for the gym.  And worse, you have to pay $11 per day per laptop for an internet connection.The casino floor is loud and bright.  It has its share of smokers (of course) but is well ventilated enough that it doesn't totally reek.  Alongside are a food court and the following restaurants:* Market City Caffe (http://www.yelp.com/biz/ppmYIHMCIL5bocUsJSsDWA?hrid=m3R1TFBnWTzGB_8XxuCLjA)* Andre's Monte Carlo (http://www.yelp.com/biz/pmoIMK8zGWvKsVOPDBYfzg)* Monte Carlo Buffet (http://www.yelp.com/biz/V9klA6JGT6Fz2UpVP_7sBw)* Dragon Noodle Company (http://www.yelp.com/biz/5VXlHFrYZZzj7zfZEsz5nQ?hrid=MxhxTquKMr4DI2QE3IZcCw)* Monte Carlo Pub & Brewery* Cafe (http://www.yelp.com/biz/-JfncbVURtvuzBbof40o1w?hrid=MLe5OT6nlKSseKc7yWAuCw)
3	I don't know what the rooms are like, but the pool! The pool is amazing! You have a lazy river that is always good, kid pee and all. You have a huge wave pool. Now that's amazing! It's vegas, this is what I like to do when I go. I wish I could go way more often. I would recommend this pool. Casino? I have no idea.
3	This is where we stay when we go to Vegas on the cheap.  The rooms are decent but definitely not sound proof...ask for a room that is not connected to the room next door.  We had a family next door to us and we probably could have contributed to their conversations.There is not anything real special about the Monte Carlo, except for the location.  But I had to give the MC three stars because it is the only casino in Vegas where I have actually won decent money.  Everywhere else robs me blind.
4	I like this place b/c it's simple and no frills.  The rooms are decently nice, reasonably priced and the pool is pretty good - especially for photoshoots.  I stay here for the women's tri fitness events and shooting around this hotel is great!
2	The problem with this place is that there is nothing unique or fascinating to draw lot's of people.  It is just kinda bland.  Stayed there - thought it was ok - left.Dubya out!
1	I can sum it up in one word... Lame!!!!!!  Nothing really happening at this Hotel.. tables are overpriced and you may get t know your dealer to well just for lack of having another person to have a convo with.  Almost no night-life if it wasn't for the late-night cleaning crew that came out to jam..   A pretty un-memorable hotel.. for the price you can do much better!
3	Fist timer to las vegas, I loved this place.  The room was cheap and very comfortable. Too bad the only attraction is the wave pool and lazy river. There should be a club or something interesting here. On the plus side, it's on the strip and in walking distance of other great hotels.
3	My husband and I have been to Vegas about 10-12 times in the last 8-9 years. We usually call around in advance to the nicer hotels on the Strip and book the cheapest one. We have stayed at Bally's, the Monte Carlo, MGM Grand, NY NY, and the Luxor. I don't think we have ever paid more than $150 a night, even on a weekend night.About a month ago, some friends of ours decided to get married in Vegas and asked us to come along to help them celebrate. Our joining them was kind of a spur-of-the-moment deal (about two weeks from our arrival there), and there was a HUGE convention going on in LV that weekend, so almost everything was completely booked - and hideously expensive. Even the Casino Royale, which definitely does not qualify as a "nice" hotel, was running $150/night. The cheapest rate I could find other than the Casino Royale was at the Monte Carlo, which ran us $550 for two nights. Gack. However, I had read on this site that somebody had been robbed recently at the Casino Royale, so I swallowed hard and booked the Monte Carlo. We were there from Oct 13-15.The hotel is very nice. The lobby is spacious and impressive (although not even close to as impressive as, say, the lobby of the Bellagio). Check-in was a little lame - there was a LONG wait on a Friday afternoon, which I imagine to be a pretty popular time to arrive in Las Vegas. The hotel is pretty centrally located on the Strip, which is a huge plus for us because we never rent a car when we go. Our room was clean and attractive, with marble in the bathroom and a bed that was more comfortable than average. It also had an in-room safe, which I liked. However, the towels - and the WALLS - were painfully thin. The towels were thinner than the old junk towels we keep around to dry off our dog when it's raining. As for the walls, this normally wouldn't be a problem for me, as I am a heavy sleeper, but for an average of $275/night, I expect to be *pampered*. And to be able to hang out in my hotel room without having to hear the people in the next room coughing.Two other things that I thought were plusses which others might not - there is a food court in the hotel that offers crappy (and cheapish) fast food (like McDonald's, Sbarro's, Nathan's, and Starbucks). I would normally not be the least bit excited about McDonald's, but I have to admit that it's a little refreshing now that Vegas has gotten so horribly expensive to be able to buy a cheap meal. I had at least one meal there that cost less than the "service fee" for the ATM in the lobby (which was $4). They also have probably the biggest and best "Everything's $10" store (only it really has some fancy French name - Bijoux something) I have ever seen. So those were good things.Overall, I would definitely stay here again, but I wasn't impressed for the price. So if you're headed that way, be sure to book early! And you may want to bring your own towels, too.
4	Love the pool and the brewery!
4	great for when you're on a budget but don't want to stay off strip or some motel. there's nothing gimmicky about the monte carlo at all, but that just means lower prices for quality rooms in the middle of the strip. there's a free shuttle going to the bellagio and everything is walking distance anyway, so no big deal.
2	The rooms are clean - but that's the most I can say about them.  Monte Carlo - wake up and smell the wireless!!  There was none!  Horror!  Just a 2 foot long ethernet cord smack in the middle of the air conditioning draft - I left Vegas with a lovely chest cold as the price of my connectivity.And mind you, I stayed in the middle of a heavily-trafficed conference, but this place was just under $400/night - nuts!
3	free...  companion passes from my flight attendant sister+good timing... no school or work during Winter Break+$50... rates for a standard room with 2 queens at the Monte Carlo midweek in mid-December+free MC $30 food credit and $20 free play... holler!  +$80...  money won from 5 cent and 25 cent slots=priceless:  the satisfaction and freedom of having a totally fun and cheap-a$$ night in vegas with sis before the chaos of the holidays.
4	Compared to alot of the other strip Hotels, the Monte Carlo is 'low key' and really the way we like it. Stayed 2-nights in January @ $59 a night. Got a nice King N/S Room on the 17th floor w/a view of the Strip towards NY/NY and the MGM. We had an end room on one of the wings and lucked out with only one neighbor on one night. The walls seem to be a little thin as we were 'entertained' our first night at 2:30am (you know), but the moaning and groaning didn't last long (poor girl). There is construction going on next door, but was hardly audible other than the 'air horn' that blows to start the workday at 6:00am. The rooms were very clean and the spa is excellent, as well as the brewpub. The only annoyance was the elevators and that Magic Dude, Lance Burton, who always seemed to be on the elevator video screen doing the same stupid magic trick over and over and over and over! The Monte carlo is a GREAT VALUE on the strip and is fairly centrally located. You can walk to many casinos or just take the strip monorail to Mandalay Bay/Luxor or the other way to the impressive Venetian. Lived in Vegas in the mid-90's....and boy has it changed....but for the better. We'll be back!
3	went here recently on an annual trip to vegas for the super bowl.  usually stay at mandalay, palms or one of the other high end places, but this year tried the monte carlo.  i mean, who really spends time in their rooms in vegas anyways!?  the monte carlo is in the middle of everything, it has the newness quality to it, great tables and staff and a fairly young crowd (its no hard rock though). definitely recommend it for people that are needing a home base but not seeking a vegas destination.
3	I have stayed at most of the Vegas strip hotels and here are my thoughts.The hotel has major appeal on outside and is in a great location.  However, this is not exactly a hip place to be if you want a FUN place to hang out.The hotel rooms are actually one of the biggest (and cheapest) of the nicer strip on the hotels.  They are surprisingly nice.  They are the only hotel on the strip which features plush cream colored Egyptian like towels.Although the only real attraction here is the Lance Burton Show, they do have a nice pool.  The pool features a lazy river which you can also find at the Mandalay and MGM.  This is a beer budget hotel, with champagne taste... but might want to hang out at a neighboring hotel.TIP: The Monte Carlo offers a free hotel tram which will take you directly to the Bellagio Hotel.  Just walk to the very back of the hotel and look for the tram signs.TIP #2: Updated on Dec. 07. The Monte Carlo has reintroduced its 32nd club floor and lounge.  Pay just an extra $35 per night ($50 on the weekend) and you will get upgraded to this floor.  For this, you will receive round the clock concierge service, VIP club lounge serving continental breakfast, light lunch and evening appetizers and cocktails.
4	Stayed here when my brother was in Vegas for a convention and I just slept in the room his company provided for him. The room was comfortable and rather spacious, but getting from the elevator to the room was a hike! I had no idea how large this hotel is and most of the time I felt like I would get lost if I didn't pay close attention to what was going on.The service wasn't bad. I managed to get a massage booked in the day I got there and it was nice and relaxing although the room was really small where the massage was.All in all, not bad. Not sure how much the room was so I'm not able to compare it in terms of whether it was value for money.
4	Stayed here in Dec. 2005. Average rooms and good environment, although empty casino, although that didn't matter for me because I'm not 21 yet. Again, like the Rio Hotel, the hotel room I had had available AV connections in the TV so you can connect your DVD player for the kids. The buffet wasn't that good. I had better. But if it's cheap, it's a good hotel to sleep in on the LV Strip.RIP Stardust Hotel
3	This hotel is very elegant from the outside, but not so much in the inside.  The room are clean, but the property is overall a little small.  The price for the hotel is average, and the staff is okay.
5	Decor and amenities may get just a star or two but all is forgiven when you win. This casino may have become my go-to casino for taking cash home.  I experienced lots of luck on the slots and in the poker room.  The dealers in there surpassed every expectation/stereotype I had of a dealer, they were a show onto themselves.
3	Excellent location; decent rates; decent buffet; not-so-crowded casino; very crowded pool.  Rooms are clean and average in decor.  This is probably one of the better values, if not the best, on the strip.
3	Location! Location! Location!! This hotel was decent for the money. Our room was clean and we were well taken care of at the hotel. We used the pool area one day and were very pleased with the service poolside as well as the pool area itself. Had a pedicure in the spa it was average, that you could get anywhere but 3 times the price. Also didn't like that while the person was doing my pedicure, she was chatting about the days activities with a co-worker doing someone elses nails. For the price, it should be a more relaxing environment.  The only bad thing about our stay, was that the night we arrived, it was late and our flight had been delayed. After finally getting our rental car and getting over to the hotel and checked in, we were thristy and hungry. We headed over to the bar area where they generally serve food as well.  Apparently we got there, just as food service was cut off (it was like 11pm on a Thursday). Everyone had ordered drinks already before finding out there was no food to be had here.  Since I was 6 mos preggo at the time and starving, we asked if we could go get McDonalds (which they have at this  food court thingy right next to this bar area) and eat that with the drinks that had been ordered. I couldn't believe they wouldn't let us! I could totally understand that if they were serving food still...I wouldn't have even asked.  But with all the tourists and the liklihood of delayed flights and such, I think they should have accomdated us.  So, instead of having a few more drinks there (sprite in my case) everyone else was drinking these huge beer spout things they  have, we headed out after one drink to sit in the food court and eat McDonalds.  Then, off to get drinks some place else.
3	We stayed at the Monte Carlo because we wanted to be on the strip but didn't want to pay an arm and a leg. The Monte Carlo is a very nice place- its just a little bland compared to other places I've stayed on the strip. Our hotel room was the average hotel room- really comfortable bed, nice bathroom. We payed $159 for a Sat night and $89 for Sunday. I did get to go to the pool and really liked the lazy river- but the pool area was too small for all of the moms and kids that were over crowding the place. The main downfall for me is the location- it takes too long to get down to the casinos I prefer like Mirage, Venetian and Harrahs.
2	This was the third and probably the last time we will stay at the Monte Carlo.  I was very disappointed this time that we were given  a room that was meant for a handicapped person.  I almost fell while getting out of the bathtub because it was higher than normal ones. When we got to our room we did not have any face towels or bath mats. Another day we did not have enough hand towels.  We had to write a note requesting that housekeeping provide us with three sets of towels and they still couldn't get it right.  There was so much construction going on inside and outside.  Construction outside was really bad because they started work at about 5:30 A.M. Don't they know most people are still asleep? They tore down the parking garage so we had to park in the lot across the street.  But instead of parking in the lot across the street we parked at the MGM Grand Hotel where there was indoor parking.
4	I thought it was a nice hotel.....obviously it not a swanky hotel like Ceasar's or Venitian but you get your money's worth. I do admit there was alot of construction but at least they didnt make noise until after 9am whick is alright. They rooms were very roomy and housekeeping made sure our room was fully stocked. They were sweet lady's! The pool was great we spent alot of time there. We rented tubes for the lazy river and it was great. There drinks at the Pool Bar were awesome and very tasty. There is lots of sitting room. I do advise that if you want a cabana book it when you first book your room. Its $200 all day with fruit platters, drinks and waiter it comes with chairs, misters, fridge, phone and those inter tubes for the lazy river. I ultimately liked this hotel and will most likely stay here again!Also go the Monte Carlo Buffet & Pub..........also they have a great food court.
3	More bare-bones than anything, this is the Motel 6 of strip hotels, based on my two-nights stay with my wife. Very good, small poker room. Lame looking casino floor with so-so offerings. Tons of construction/renovation showing -- whole banks of roped off, out of service slots; dry wall repairs; other curtained/cordoned rooms and alcoves still getting the makeover, etc. Standard room was fine for sleeping, but not at all comfortable to hang out in. Great pool area. Mediocre restaurants -- enough to make you choose the M.C.'s Food Court a time or two.Many counterbalancing pros and cons, with price being the "pro" that wins it 3 stars vs. 2 stars, at least for those concerned with price.
4	I stayed here on a Wednesday and Thursday night and had a great time.  The rooms were big, the bathroom was a decent size and the curtains were good (you know, the kind that can keep the room completely dark all day?  Very important if you've been out till 4AM and want to sleep in till noon!)  The construction wasn't that bad (aren't they constantly building in Vegas?  You can't really escape it)The pool was awesome.  It had a kiddie pool, a regular pool, jacuzzi, a lazy river you can float around in, and a wave pool.  The bar was decent and there were plenty of lounge chairs.My friends and I ate at "Cafe" and had great service and even better food.The casino looked the same as any of the others on the strip, although I didn't gamble; only played a little video slot machines....Overall for the price, I can't complain....and they give you a discount for being a AAA member.   I would definitely stay there again.
4	Stayed here this past weekend after finding a good deal on their website: $80 for Thursday, $160 for Friday, and $190 for Saturday for a standard room with 2 queen beds. For the great price, the place is totally worth it and I would probably book again since I'd rather save my money for gambling, drinks, dining, etc. When I checked in, I asked if they had an additional AAA discount, which they did. After swiping my card and checking, the guy at the front desk said I already got the best deal and couldn't get more of a discount. However, he happily gave me a booklet of comps which included:-2 passes to the Monte Carlo Buffet-2 Starbucks upgrades-2 free Big Macs with a meal purchase at McDonalds-2 free drinks at Sbarros-B.O.G.O. salon purchase-A couple of other things I can't rememberThe Starbucks upgrade gave me a much needed caffeine boost after a night at Moon and Ghost Bar, the free Big Mac allowed my friend and I to enjoy a chill lunch while hungover, and the 2 buffet comps got us an almost free lunch for 3 :) I couldn't convince my friend to go to the spa (but it's called a *Men's* Facial!) so I had to throw that one away.I played at a Blackjack table in the casino one night and found it to be decent, but not too exciting. Unfortunately, there isn't as much eye candy as there is at Caesars and Bellagio, so all you can think about is how much money you're losing. While I didn't hang out at the pool, it seemed fairly crowded in the 105 degree heat. Again, not as glamorous as other places but not bad overall. The shops were unanimously boring and made me wished I was staying closer to the Forum Shops. Then again, everything on the strip was a close cab ride away as the hotel is located in the center of the strip. The elevators were fast, very close to the entrance, and there was never a long wait. The valet was decent, but a little slow at times. One crappy thing is that you have to wait outside for your car, unlike at places like Wynn where there is an indoor waiting area. Not a huge deal, but did I mention it was 105 degrees? Also, there is construction being done right outside the hotel on the City Center complex, so driving got a little backed up as we were arriving and leaving. The room was nice and had plenty of space for the 2 of us staying in there. We got 2 queen beds, a dinner table with 2 chairs, a side table, a TV (~27"), closet, and a fairly large bathroom. My only complaints about the room were that it didn't get many channels (for some reason it goes up to 100 but they repeat all the channels 4 times), there were no free premium channels like HBO, the showers didn't drain as fast as the water came out (so you're standing in a half foot of water as you shower), and the towels left a lot of lint on you when you used them. I had to blow dry the lint out of my hair, and when I put moisturizer on my face all of it clumped up. Sexy! Remind me to bring my own towels next time. I would almost definitely stay here again if the price continues to stay favorable compared to Caesars, Bellagio, Venetian, etc. If I had to make a recommendation, I'd say that if you could save more than $50 a night staying at MC versus a nicer, more hip place, then it is a no-brainer to stay here.===Ooh, I forgot to mention my biggest complaint: No wifi, and broadband internet was $14 a day! Booooo! Seems like it is common in Vegas, but still. How am I supposed to drunk Yelp and Facebook after going to the clubs?
1	This is a review specifically for the Lance Burton ticket booth -- I know I should post this onto Lance Burton but the show was amazing and this review has more to do with the casino that the performance. My friend purchased our show tickets off Vegas.com and you are required to pick them up one (1) hour prior to showtime otherwise they release them to non-ticket holders. We get to the front of the line and they tell us we don't have any tickets. *Clue in the violin music and bewilder looks on all our faces*  They ask us if we have a confirmation number which don't as we purchased them off Vegas.com. So the attendant tells us she will call Vegas.com to get this information for us. Not willing to stand idle as they investigate, some of us run around looking for a computer and end up paying $10 for an Internet kiosk which didn't work. Oh yeah, just in case you were wondering, the machine is located near the hotel registration desk off the lobby.  Since that didn't work, we get worried so one of us takes a taxi to and from the hotel to get the confirmation printout from our room. Cost = $20 round trip to get what we needed.   The other half stresses as the show starts in 15 minutes and decides to walk up to the booth where they tell us how they were able to confirm our reservation on Vegas.com just 20 minutes ago. The kicker, they could see us through the booth waiting the entire 45 minutes and yet they said nothing to us. We kept looking at them through the booth and went up multiple times inquiring to no avail. Plus why in the hell do they not have our reservation in their computer systems. How would they know who purchased tickets if their systems were not synched?!?! We will never go to another show at Monte Carlo for as long as we live.
1	What a nightmare of a hotel.  Construction does not seem to stop so bring your ear plugs if you get a room opposite it.  My room is old and dirty.  I found other people's stuff in it.  If you are looking for a cheap room, it's here.  I am only staying here because I am part of a business conference.  I would never come back here if I had a choice.
2	Actually, I was pleasantly surprised.  Four of us got a killer deal of three nights plus airfare for about the same price as airfare alone.  I mentioned to a few people where we would be staying, and got the Ewww looks.  We normally stay at Harrah's due to their generous comping system, and it's always nice.  But, I figured, the hotel is just a place to crash, it just needs to be decent.It was decent.  The rooms were clean.  Housekeeping was prompt when we requested extra amenities.  The water pressure was good and the water was hot.  So, why only 2 stars?  1) 95% of the employees act like they hate their job and they don't care who knows it.  2) There was some draining problem in the shower and you wound up with 3 inches of water with each shower.  3) The casino only tracks table games if you play $25/hand.  I have a "system" in Pai Gow and vary my bets, and this rule seems unnecessarily elitist.  (All MGM/Mirage owned hotels are the same)  4) Housekeeping knocked inappropriately... when we had Do Not Disturb on and when we called down and asked housekeeping to skip us.  Girls need their sleep, dammit.
4	What can I say that the 52 other reviews haven't said?  I didn't actually read all 52 cause that's a lot of reviews....but here's my 2 cents.  The Monte Carlo is one of those large hotels on the strip but is relatively unassuming compared to other monsters out there.  It's nice, it's classy (in that Vegas sort of way) and it's not too overdone with giant sphinxes and steaming volcano's.  The prices are always moderate compared to the other biggies and the rooms are nice, spacious and well kept.  It's centrally located on the strip so you can experience the ostentatiousness of some of the other hotel attractions, but then come back to something a little less gaudy.  I have not sampled the food, although they do have a kick ass concierge floor that my co-worker was staying on.  The pools looked nice from a distance and the Monte Carlo didn't take any of my money at the tables.  In terms of nice but affordable accommodations on the strip this is a great choice!
3	Right now probably is not the best time to visit Monte Carlo as their is constant construction going on, inside and outside of the hotel.  First off, the self-parking is non-existent so you have to valet.  I believe there is a tiny lot between MC and NYNY but it is usually full.  Entering the hotel from the valet, you will be at the front desk/lobby which is nice and convenient.   Check in is a breeze and the hotel elevators are located very near the check-in desk.  I'm not sure why this hotel receives such low ratings on the rooms but I found mine to be very nice, clean and had a nice view of the north side of the strip.   Over I oversaw the pool and the construction, I heard NO NOISE at all.  The only downside to the room were the super THIN walls.  I could hear the people next door talking and screaming about some stupid crap that isn't it worth me writing to ya'll about.  Besides that, the room is spacious but not as big as the higher end hotels.  With the price offered on promo deals, you can't really complain about that.  I uploaded a picture of the view from my room on the 29th floor /w construction.  There aren't too many reviews of the casino, so i'll go ahead and mention that it isn't really all that great.  They offer the usual games.  Blackjack shoe game is decent with surrender option and 3-2 payout.  Penetration isn't all that great for those that understand.  Single deck bj game is the usual crap 6-5...etc.  They have two mini-baccarat games and a few more in the high limit section.  Slots were pretty tight  too.  The pool was decent but not as good as the ones at MGM, Mandalay etc.  I liked their lazy river but there are too many damn kids around so they definetly need to add an ADULT pool!!!  Lastly, I want to mention the SPA here.  I didn't get any special treatments besides getting a free entrance for the steam/sauna/gym.  It is nothing special and actually pretty crappy.  Think about going into 24 hour fitness and using their steam and sauna rooms...its about the same!
3	Bargain spot on the far side of the strip, just next to New York New York.  The rooms are bland but clean.  Lobby is separate from the casino, so you can actually walk to your room without passing through a bank of slot machines.  Thought it was less smoky than compable hotels.If you bring a car, then should go ahead and use the valet...cause its a long walk across hot concrete from the hotel entrance to the parking lot.Minus a star for the noise level -- construction noises can be clearly heard in the early morning hours.
3	So my husband and I decided to get away for the weekend and this was an affordable place to stay on the strip. The rooms are clean and decent no roaches or anything so that is a plus. When compared to the other places in Vegas like Caesars, Venetian, Wynn this place sucks but one can take a cab or walk to these places.  My husband and I love to eat when we go on vacation and the buffet was gross. Good thing it was free because I would not pay 20 bucks for that piece of crap. Make sure to use the Valet if you are driving since there is no self park. Decent place to stay at Vegas but not the best.
3	I slept 4 hours this weekend. 3 of them here. ;)Good for sleeping.No fridge in the room.Nice pool and river thing - but to rent a donut its $14Spa facilites use is only $22, book way ahead for treatments - there is a 2 for 1 coupon.Good for sleeping. Cant type anymore.... ZZzzzzZZZClick Post It. Wait. I'm still typing. My head hurts.
2	FAQQ: Oh, this place looks nice!A: Yah. I guess. There are some nice statues. And I'm a sucker for antiquities. But let's face it. This place is bland.Q: But... but... Lance Burton! You'll never forget!A: Does he still do a show there? I've, well, forgotten.Q: Well, *I* like the Monte Carlo Resort & Casino.A: Well, good for you.FYI ... Yah. I get it. You can stay at any ol' place and it won't matter what the place is like 'cause you're in Las Vegas (on the Strip) and you won't be in your room much anyway. I *get* it. But this place is still bland. Trust me. I spent a weekend in this place.
2	Rooms are comfortable and spacious here but the bathrooms are atrociously small.  The pool is quite nice but again, smaller than it looks in the website.  The casino is BORING.  The buffet is decent.  There is a Starbucks and a McDonalds on premises.  Small but decent sports book.Why so lowly rated?  WELL.........the service here SUCKS. If the Monte Carlo manager reads Yelp, then take heed...your front desk staff is misinformed on MC policies, can be quite rude, and are most definitely NOT customer serviced focused.
3	Not that I expected a "party scene" in this hotel I thought it would a bit more lively than it actually was. After checking in, we walked around looking for a restaurant to eat at (this was at 10pm) and we couldn't even find a decent place to eat.Like others mentioned I was annoyed at the lack of a fridge in the room. I've been to worse hotels that had pubic hairs in the sheets, lipstick/makeup streaks on the pillow case, gross stains on the floor etc but those rooms had a fridge. I drink a lot of water and we usually stock our hotel room fridge with bottled water b/c I drink before I sleep, in the middle of the night and first thing in the morning. And drinking room temperature bottled water doesn't necessarily sound too refreshing.Also we had to bring our laptop so the fiance could monitor his work email periodically but for $12.99 daily rate, a wireless connection was not provided. Instead you had to attach your laptop to this short tether of a cable cord. We opted for this rather economic "resort" nicely located on the strip rather than stay the higher rated Wynn. I'm thinking, OK this is Vegas. We're not here to lounge all day in a nice hotel. We only need it for sleeping, showering, and to hold our stuff/luggage. Other than that, we were going to be out.  Don't get me wrong, the hotel itself was decent but next time when I'm in town, I think I'll be booking at the Wynn.
3	I was in here over 10 years ago to see the Lance Burton show (super cool beans magic show by the way), and haven't been back until this past Saturday.  A good friend of mine's was having his wedding there so off we went.  We arrived a few hours early and after getting some grub at the Cafe we did a bit of damage in the casino.  Actually, my mom-in-law did the damage.  As for me, the casino damaged me.  Doh!  The rooms were decent enough.  We all ended up in one of them to take a few shots a down zillions of Chicken McNuggets after the wedding.  Oh, and the Mickey D's there had McRibs!  Scarfed me down a couple of those bad boys too.  =)
3	Parking sucks at this casino!!!  But the hotel itself is quite nice inside.  I thought the beds were way too soft though, I woke up with a back ache cause of the lack of support.
4	I think this hotel is great for the price.  The location is good with easy access to NYNY and MGM.  There isnt really anything too exciting in the hotel itself but that didnt bother us.  My friend was very lucky in the casino - me not so much - oh well.  Parking was never a problem, check in was easy and she gave us all sorts of comps because she was originally from my home state.
3	The rooms are decent. Not very fancy but right in the middle. The staff wasn't surly , they were actually very pleasant with me but I guess it depends who's helping you out. We requested a high room and we got the 19th floor facing the strip, not too shabby at all. There were construction noises in the wee hours of the morning which made it kind of hard to sleep. There are no fridges in the rooms which is a minus but there's a great ice machine in the hall!The hotel itself isn't too far away from everything else on the strip. It's a bit of a walk of you're trying to get to Caesar's Palace, Treasure Island, The Venetian, etc. about a 20 minute walk. It's very close to Planet Hollywood and the Bellagio.Don't gamble here, take your money to the Bellagio.My favorite part: the elevators were sexily adorned with posters of Lance Burton, rawr!
4	I only stay here when they do winter specials and the rooms are really cheap on weekdays (used to be $49 per night, think it's now ~$69 per night weekdays).I love the shampoo. I don't know what it is, but they give you a lot and you can buy it in the store (not that I do, but it's available).  Comfortable, nice place.  Not opulant like Cesars, not budget like Circus circus, but a nice place inbetween, esp for the winter special prices.  Personally, wouldn't stay here full price though. Rather stay somewhere for under $100 or off the strip. I have to take a car or taxi to the clubs my friends end up going to anyways, so we're never close enough to just walk it.  Just too hard in heels. So I don't pay the high prices. Its not like we sleep much anyways.
1	I'm never going back there. The service was bad. Staff members were snobby. They didn't make me feel welcomed at all. On my first day there, i arrived too early (6 am), so I had to wait until 8 am to check in. Then I had to wait until 2:20 pm before I could go to my room. The staff member told me I could call before 3 pm to check if the room was ready.  When I called, a female staff member answered the phone, and spoke to me with an attitude. Her tone of voice was not pleasant. At the buffet restaurant, I asked for a new set of silverware, and the waitress asked me, "Why?! That's not enough?" Duh! I wanted a CLEAN set of silverware! I wasn't about to use the same fork that I used for Fettuccini Alfredo the entire time there. To top everything off, the stamp vending machine took my money without giving me a stamp. The Monte Carlo people weren't gonna do anything for me. They told me to call the post office. I wasn't gonna waste my time for that. I had the same type of experience with the stamp vending machine at Luxor, but they gave me my money back when I went to the cashier. The Luxor staff members were a lot more friendly and helpful.
5	This is a great way to do Vegas on a budget.  They are normal hotel rooms (which were very clean).  The hotel staff was really nice and accomodating.  I had a great time at their casino, the dealers weren't obnoxious or snotty just because I was playing small bets.  There were several dealers who were just really cool people.It's next to a CVS, so even though there isn't a fridge, you can pick up cheap small things there.  Also, it was GREAT to have a Starbucks downstairs.  A good way to start the morning.  I enjoyed the location, and I used the Deuce bus for $2 a ride to get to the far end of the strip which was totally easy.If you want flat screen tvs in your bathroom, this isn't the place for you, but if you need a home-base while you're doing the vegas thing then this is good and inexpensive.
2	Don't stay here. It looks nice on the outside and you'd expect it to have something kinda cool or neat on the inside, but alas, no pizazz.  Not. At. All.  PARKING STINKS.  The bathroom -- AWWWWWWWWFUL! Complaint 1)  There was no vent!Complaint 2)  When ya flush the toilet, it sounds and sucks in the water as if it were gonna suck you in as well. Complaint 3)  The faucet and sink.  When the water's running, so is a screeeeeeeeeeeching noise. The room itself -- Eh.Although the king sized bed in our room was damn comfy, I didn't appreciate the blankets they had.  The walls are wayyyyyyyy tooooooo thin.  Going to bed at 4am and being woken up by two of the four crying kids next door at 8am is NOT fun.  The buffet sucks.Well.  I wouldn't stay here again.  Although i've complained tons, I still won money in their small, not so popp'n, casino, so woohoo!  Eh,  I'm still not staying here again.  I guess I really can't stress that enough.  Ok ok, i guess its not a craphole or anything, so its not as bad as I make it out to be.  Summertime and their lagoon pool would've helped.  But still.Unimpressed.
3	Meh.I was booked here by work when I was in town for CES.  I realise that everywhere's expensive during CES, but for the price being paid, I expected a significantly nicer room -- Not one overlooking a construction site where work started every morning at 6am.The whole place seemed a bit run-down.  Like it was a glamorous place to stay 15 years ago, but now that the Bellagio and Venentian are up, they don't even try any more.Of particular annoyance was the Lance Burton advert constantly running on the TV in the elevators.  THE CARDS ARE ALL DIFFERENT THE SECOND TIME!  I GET IT!  I LEARNED THAT TRICK WHEN I WAS SEVEN!On the plus side: In the mornings, there was a blackjack table with a $5 minimum.  That's pretty hard to find on the strip these days.  Also, there's a CVS right outside the front door, so it's easy to get reasonably-priced bottled water, ibuprofen and cigarettes, rather than the exorbitantly marked-up stock in the hotel shop.
2	The Monte Carlo look great at the reception area, but once you get into your room it is standard faire.  I was expecting a little more.  Also the restuarant choice is horrible.  McDonalds, Sbarro, Starbucks and a pub.  It was like I was in Circus Circus or something.  They have a nice pool and slow moving river, but it wasn't clean and the steps were slippery at 8am.  The lifeguards seemed to no care that I fell ontheir slippery steps.  They are two stars because the room was clean and that was about it.
4	yes, the rooms are average, yes it's an older hotel...foods old school Vegas, not what you expect from a strip hotel. Then why four stars you ask? Service. Period. It counts, for ALOT!I like a moron left my iPod. I called them, they sent someone to the room while I was on hold, found it, and are shipping it back. Everyone was all smiles. Things came when you asked for them. Granted until they bomb it (like they do everything that gets outdated in Vegas) and rebuild. I wouldn't choose this as my top choice hotel...But if they had an Internet special, I'd jump on it! & when the crazy city center is complete behind the property...It'll be fun!They'll treat you right..
4	This hotel is surprisingly simple.  With all the gimics offered by neighboring hotels, the Monte Carlo isn't flashy, nor does it do anything to stand out on the strip.  The best way to describe the reception area is elegant and simple.   Beautiful marble floors, large floral decorations, and fantastic brilliant crystal chandeliers.  I've basically described any hotel lobby in America.The rooms are typical hotel room.  Again, nothing special.  They're nicely decorated and are comfortable.  That's all I can really say.The casino is nice.  You can find your way around easily.If you want a hotel without all the flash, not overly expensive (considering it's Vegas), but near the middle of it all, then Monte Carlo is a good choice.  But don't expect to go WOW.  You'll probably sleep there and then spend your day elsewhere.
3	I booked a room here the day they had that lovely rooftop fire that didn't set off some of the fire alarms... of course, I'm no idiot, I wasn't aware of the fire until after I booked on expedia. But why was there no discount?? A hotel where the alarms in the rooms and halls don't go off when there's a fire going on, worries me. Needless to say, I'm assuming they fixed the problem... or so I hope.The inside of the hotel and casino are very nice, pretty standard flashy looking for the hotels on the upper end of the hotels on the Strip. Clean, polished floors that I can see my reflection in, gaudy-looking huge chandeliers.... and some odd smell that I couldn't figure out until the last day. Cheap soap. Checking in and out was very easy, but I was expecting more out of the rooms. Not that the rooms were bad or anything, they just weren't really above average. As my boyfriend pointed out, it seemed about the same as the rooms at Flamingo. Their casino never seems as busy or crowded as the others on the strip, which could be a good or bad thing. Overall, my stay was just average here. Like I said, for the price of the room, I was expecting more.
3	For a theme hotel, this one is really boring. You just have some statues hanging around. This is like a lesser version of Caesar's Palace, except Caesar's Palace is cool. The hotel room is decent - everything was clean and in working order. I feel like this is the forgotten hotel of the big hotels on the strip. Never in conversation with friends do we ever say, "This one time at Monte Carlo..." unless we're talking about the fire on the roof.
1	We recently went here to attend a friends wedding.  Which was done really well and you can even watch the wedding over the internet.  It was broadcast live during the ceremony and also saved so you can watch it again later.  That was nice.So other than the wedding, the hotel stay was awful!  They gave us a room with two queen beds since they were out of King rooms which was fine.  However the beds were so bad that if one of us moved in the bed it moved the entire bed.  It was like sleeping in a water bed.  One small movement rocked the whole bed.  Also the pillows were horrible as well.  They were so thick that I couldn't even rest my head on them.  My husband used the small corner of the pillow as they were all this way.And don't stay at this hotel if you want to lay out by the pool.  We went out to the pool and it was a joke.  First of all we went at high noon which is prime sun time and the entire pool was covered with shade from all the surrounding buildings and construction.  It was late February but the weather was perfect 75 degrees but no sun to be had.  And the size of the pool was embarrassing as well as it was no bigger than like a Holiday inn size pool.  If you are use to staying at Mandalay Bay and Bellagio then don't even think of staying here even if your friend is getting married here stay at another hotel!
2	wont stay here again.we reserved a king bed non smoking and when we show up they dont have any, but they looked alitte harder in there computer and found one. We get to our room and right when you open the door it smells like nasty cigarettes. we called to complain right away to get us another room and there was nothing they could do but send up house keeping to spray the room which didnt help that much. we left the window opened all weekend and the fan on. and like someobody else said, it is a boring hotel compared to others.
4	We stayed here for March madness and spring break for 69 bucks a night!! What a deal!!This is probably the easiest way to handle this review:ROOM -The first night we got stuck with two queens vs. a king. BOO.  Second night we were graciously moved to a better room.  The problem is that there are about 5 buildings going up around the hotel at the same time.  So LOTS of construction noise, even on the 26th floor.  The bathroom was ok but no vent and shower did not drain well.  I liked that they have that shower curtain that doesn't stick to you and the toiletries that come in the room are very good quality (surprising!).  The room view was cool cause we were up so high, but the damn Lane Burton do not disturb sign would NOT stay on the door!!The queen beds were super bad but the king was comfortable.  Overall I would stay here again.THE POOL:The bar is good.  You are gonna need a stiff drink to ignore the 5 buildings going up around the pool and blocking most of the sun.  I would recommend going in early afternoon to try to lay out.  Good luck.There is a diving pool, wave pool, lazy river, huge hot tub, and then some weird unmarked and fenced off pool (for cabana use?  adults only?  who knows?)Mostly the lack of sun was the issue here.  And the construction.  CASINO:This is a smaller casino but my friends won a bunch.  I signed up for their player's card and there are signs everywhere that state that for 500 points you get 25 bucks free play.I try to cash in my 1000 points the last day and got FIVE dollars in free play.  What a rip off.  I felt gypped.I didn't win SH*T.There is a cool place called Diablo's attached to the casino with good food, upstairs view of strip and GREAT drinks.  Loved the Frida Khalo.  Highly recommend this place.The monte carlo I would recommend if you don't want to spend a bunch of time in your own hotel.  But for the price, I couldn't beat it.Oh and the food court inside - There is a McDonald's nazi!!! WATCH OUT!
2	Like many other reviewers said, this is basically an economy motel in the guise of a nice hotel.  The water came out so quickly in the shower that it couldn't drain fast enough and crawled up to ankle level. And there is no control to reduce the water pressure. Brilliant! Especially in these times of water shortages. I actually had them switch rooms because I thought my shower was busted, but the second room was no different and I see that other people here had the same issue.  No premium channels on TV. Like 15 bucks for internet service in the room and no wireless, just plug in with a tiny cord that can't even reach to the bed.  Their business center charged 8 bucks for 15 minutes of internet use!  And the customer service was beyond horrible. Everyone acted like they didn't want me to be there. You'd ask someone behind a desk a question and they'd just ignore you, as if pretending you weren't there.  Maybe an okay place to gamble at, but certainly not worth staying there. I've legitimately had better service at random cheap motels.  The only reason I'm not giving one star is because the room was clean.
5	My husband and I have stayed at many hotels on the strip (high end to middle.) We picked the Monte Carlo because of the price... our friends were staying at Mandalay Bay so we could use the pool there. To our surprise...  The Monte Carlo is the best deal on the strip!!!! I worked in the hotel industry for many years and this hotel had some of the cleanest rooms I've ever seen. The pool wasn't as "grand" as others but wasn't crowded, clean, fun music, lazy river, wave pool, hot tub... everything you need. (There is construction next door, but with the music you couldn't hear the noise.) Draw backs- no extras in the rooms- but who spends time sleeping in Vegas!! All I need is a clean room. Definitely best value on the strip if you don't need all the extra amenities!!! Our friends at the Mandalay even came to use the pool because it wasn't as crowded.
3	I stayed there years and years ago when it was still new!It was my first Las Vegas trip.Roomy hotel rooms. Average comfort.The casino area stunk  cigarette even though it was a newer hotel.When I went it was more expensive but now since the fire you can get AWESOME deals some with foods for less than $90 bucks a night!
3	Pretty standard.  The room and pool area are nice.  It didn't break the bank.  There was construction going on when we stayed there but it didn't bother us.  If you can score a good rate I recommend it.
4	I've stayed here before and will be staying there again this weekend. It's clean, center of the strip, easy access to all the other hotels, affordable for what you get, and it's clean and not cheap looking like Excalibur. Overall, I really like what I get for what I pay for at the Monte Carlo. Yes, Venetian is better, but it's also like double or triple the price! Again, this hotel is in the middle of the strip and easy access to everything! What more can you ask for?
4	I don't understand all the hate on the Monte Carlo.  If you're visiting Vegas, you could do much worse: you get a reasonable rate, one of the best locations on the Strip, a clean and modern hotel, and you're a short walk to the Bellagio to do all the Vegas stuff you really want to do, fountains, restaurants, Cirque, classy gambling etc.And hey if you take one of those Xanex that's only supposed to be for flying, shoot vodka at Diablo's, stand before the fountain out front and close your eyes and have your significant other whisper in your ear in French, you'll almost trick yourself into thinking you're at the real Monte Carlo.  Tre fantastique!
3	I stayed a couple times here.. not too great, not too shabby. Location is superb, but rooms are just very ehhhh... A great mid-range option with 0 pizzazz and not necessarily the type place you'd want to hang out at night. I don't like how there aren't any clubs/bars/fun places to go in the hotel.
2	I stayed at the Monte Carlo this past weekend...and i was disappointed. The rate for the room was pretty good but it's not that great of a hotel when you compare it to the others. I stayed at Paris last year for about the same price and it was wayyy better. I would say that Monte Carlo is more for older people and families. It's kinda boring and isn't as themed as the other hotels. I was also expecting an awesome pool...but it was just okay.  I went over to the MGM pool on the first day in Vegas (Saturday) because the Monte Carlo pool area was so packed. Also they are building a city center...which TOTALLY kills the whole pool experience because you have a ugly view of the on going construction and  its so noisy!!! The room I was staying in had a few problems...the shower didn't work so we had to wait an hour for some one to come and fix it..and then when they finally fixed it the water wouldn't drain. Also whats up with the room lighting? There are only two lamps and no other available lights. It was so dark in there. My friends had to change their room twice because the locks wouldn't work. Also, I guess the walls are paper thin because we could totally hear the people next door getting it on...ew.  I dunno it wasn't thattt bad but I wish I would have just stayed at Paris again and payed the same amount. It's not terrible but it was just very dead and boring and def. not someplace to stay if your young.
4	Decent price for the part of the strip it is on.  NYNY casino was right next door so was nice to be able to walk there and gamble.  Casino is ok.  Lobby is nice, rooms are nice.  Pool is nice too.  It is not the Palazzo but what do you expect for $100-150 right on the strip!  I think it is a good deal.  Also has a nice food court with Starbucks and McDonalds and stuff if you need to grab something quick before heading for the airport.
4	Ah, the poor old Monty. My old guide book has it rated higher than the Mandalay Bay with its single zero roulette, microbrews, tennis courts, and direct line to the Bellagio. So now that that's all history, what's to like? Well...It's compact - the front desk, rooms, restaurants, and pool are close together, and it's easy to get through the casino to the strip. Nice casino - I found good rules (dealer stands on all 17s - couldn't even find these downtown!), had a bunch of fun with the dealer, never had to wait for a drink, and they seemed glad to buy my breakfast.Cheap rooms - yeah the regular rooms may be getting a little run down...so get a suite. They're inexpensive and comfortable. Good choice of food - The pub is still fine without the home made brews, the Sunday brunch buffet was incredible, they have one of the top gourmet rooms, and the fast food court provides a nice alternative. New additions are a nice looking steakhouse in the old lounge and a fun open air cantina on the strip.I've seen some bad reviews and I don't think it's time to write off the Monte Carlo just yet. It's true that it's suffering a bit from the construction next door (the pool speakers to cover up the noise, the strange view) and there's still some maintenance to be done, but the staff were friendly and we had a great time here. I hope that the MGM folks think it's worthwhile keeping this place up to scratch...
4	it's nice... it's clean... the are minimal to no kids... ALWAYS good in Vegas!Nothing to crazy over... good for the price, but no real appeal to the younger crowd (35 and under).... My stay was pleasant, but nothing to remember - except sneaking in the Mandalay pool - now that was fun!
3	Stayed here the past weekend, the pool and hotel room was nice and clean. The only thing that i thought kinda drag down my impression was that the parking lot was a long walk away, which is no good especially in the heat. I rather stay at the mirage for a couple bucks more cause it has a better atmosphere and location.
3	Normally I would stay at MGM, but it's too far from the popular areas of the strip (Bellagio, Caesar's Palace).  We settled on MC because not only did they offer a decent promotion in July (5th - 7th), but they were a little closer to where we wanted to go.We simply just needed a clean & convenient place to sleep & store our stuff.  MC got the job done.
4	I got a nice room for a great price in Vegas. ($69.00 a night). Plus I got a $25 off food coupon which I used at the Buffet-see other review of Buffet. I got two 2 for 1 drink coupons and some other stuff I didn't use.)The rooms were clean, bland but clean. The a/c worked fine since it was 118 outside the 3 days I was there. I was lucky and got one of the bath tubs that drained right. My brother from South Carolina was in another room on the same floor and his drained really slow.Overall it is a nice place and is a lot less for other comparable places. When you park, using the valet is a must. They are building a new convention center next door and the construction people are using the parking garage. They have Monte Carlo & the New York New York next door sharing the same garage. There is a small lot at street level but it is hard to find a spot in there. If you park valet, you don't have to worry about it. (I mean a $5 tip when they bring you your car that has been sitting in a covered garage is worth the money.If you sign up for the players club you can charge meals, drinks and whatever else at 7 or 8 different hotels on the strip. It makes it so you don't have to carry that much cash with you when you go out.(I only went to Las Vegas this time to meet my brother and his fiance who flew in. I wasn't really going there to gamble.)While we were there, we went to see Hoover Dam. It was 9 a.m. and already 102 outside. I had gone to the Starbucks in the lobby and my wife had a breakfast sandwich from Mc Donalds. I went to fill up a plastic cup with ice for my 11 month old son at the Subway in the lobby. The dickhead that was working at Subway stopped helping his customer long enough to yell at me 20 feet away. "That's for customers only, don't take that." I went over, stood in line and asked him how much for a cup of ice for my 11 month old son. He said, "we don't sell ice. You need to pay full price for the beverage. Beverages are for customers only." I showed him my Starbucks cup and pointed to my wife's Mc D's. I told him we had the remains of 2 subs from his Subway up in the room. All I wanted was a cup of ice for my son. He said I needed to by something. I gave him $3 for a large soda and went to fill up the plastic cup I bought from them the previous night. I went back over and said, "Thank you for going out of your way and being a total douche to me. I really appreciate that you felt the need to yell at me from 20 feet away and try and embarrass me. The only thing that happened was the Monte Carlo now has a mark against them in my book and it took me an extra 5 minutes to get to Hoover Dam. At the end of the day, you will still be a douche though."Everyone that was standing in his line laughed at his ass and he still had to help them. I walked away with my frown turned upside down.
3	Average Hotel on the strip: The Monte Carlo is a beautiful hotel, however inside it is just another hotel on the strip. The rooms are clean. The first room I had the bathroom light and alarm clock did not work. When I asked to change my room for the second night at 9 am the next morning they said I would have to come back between 3-5 pm to get a room. So I was without a hotel room for over 6 hours. The check in lines can be long. The vallet wasn't to slow picking up your car, but the drop off lines are. The food at the pub and the cafe were pretty good, however the food at the buffett left us all a little sick to the stomach. The one thing I really did like about the hotel were the wave pool and lazy river. If you are looking for an average hotel on the strip, this is it. $$ - $$$
4	No problems here. We stayed for free, thanks to a time-share presentation that was actually FUN!!! The casino and hotel were big enough but not too big (Hello, MGM!) and the late-night food court options were highly welcomed. Read: Sbarro at 5:00 am after a looong night playing blackjack might be the best thing I've ever tasted.The entire pool area was surrounded by a vast construction zone which was taking the place of the late and great Boardwalk Hotel and Casino, where I happened to get married. However, the pool-area speakers were blasting 80s, 90s and today's hits at the perfect pitch to drown out 99% of the construction noise. The pool was awesome, complete with lazy river, regular pool and wave pool, as well as some of the most beautiful bodies in swimwear you'll ever see (my husband especially!). The location of the Monte Carlo on the Strip is also fabulous. Good stuff, good stuff.
3	To be honest, I thought my stay at the Monte Carlo was just ok. Don't get me wrong, it's an above average place to stay at, clean, semi-new, on strip, and decently priced--but my experience didn't thrill me or anything. Stayed here for four days, three nights and all during that time everything was ok. It's not a destination hotel like MGM, NYNY, Mandalay, Paris, or Planet Hollywood. It's a good place to stay if you not looking for a lot of action and a nice bed with a clean room.The room was nicely furnished and it was a handicap room, but that really didn't bother us. What did bother us was that the first night we were there we had problems with water drainage in the shower/tub. Water just wasn't draining fast enough and the tub started filling up. Needless to say that was not good. It didn't bother us too much as the next day we called maintenance and by the time we came back from going out for the day they had fixed it.Probably the bigger issue I had was that the lot they had for self parking was not big enough to accommodate everyone at the hotel. Apparently what had happened was that as part of the City Center construction which is happening right next door, they demolished their parking structure and are currently in the process of building a new one. In the meantime, they have an open air lot that is not big enough to hold everyone. So at night what happens is people are driving around hunting and waiting for parking to  open up. You might say, "well why don't you valet the car, it's free." That is a good idea, too bad almost everyone else has it as well. One night after we had come back we go to valet the car and the line for the valet is packed, come to find out that the valet is full for the night and we have to park at NYNY, which is also right next door. Luckily as we were driving through the small lot to go over to the NYNY someone pulled out and we were able to park in the self park.Other than that, the only other thing I disliked was the fact that there was no complimentary WIFI or internet at this place. Boo that.
3	Went here for my birthday recently.  The room I had reserved was already booked...so they ended up upgrading us to their "Top of the Line" room which had a SPA inside of it right off the living room.  That was nice.  The view, however, was shitty...as there is a ton of construction going on in the area.  (What's new in Vegas?)Outside they have a "rapids pool" where lots of people gather and have fun during the daytime.  That was pretty cool.  Inside there was a restaurant that pretended to be a "brewery" but did not brew any beer on sight.  (Fakers!).  The dining room looked like it could be converted into a dance floor within about 60 seconds flat...probably wouldn't eat there again unless it was a quick lunch.Overall a decent stay...I'd probably go back again...but other hotels like the MGM and Mirage are much more interesting.
1	Yelper's the only thing Monte Carlo has going for it is the location. it's down the block from Paris hotel and a 5 minute walk to Bellagio but besides being close to the airport and tolerable (especially in triple digits temps), walking distance from 2 nice hotels, STEER FAR AND CLEAR!My hun and I were stranded in Vegas due to our flight being CANCELLED BY MOFO DELTA! Lucky for us, we had checked our flight status before heading to the airport and found out our flight had been canceled without any notification from Delta! Those incompetent MOFO's did absolutely NOTHING to accommodate us and offered up useless apologies which did not improve our situation. My hun and I didn't look forward to spending the eve at the hotel and so we quickly booked a night's stay at the Monte Carlo.The rate is not that cheap $202 total given the sad state of the hotel. The pool area is pathetic with absolutely no view besides the huge construction site next door. The interior of the hotel is definitely in need of an update or entire renovation. The carpet smells terrible and the lack of AC in the elevators added to it reeking terribly! The rooms are small, dark and the furniture is very outdated! Our toilet wouldn't flush unless we kept our hand on the flusher and our shower was clogged up so bad I was worried I'd flood the bathroom if I spent more than 5 minutes in the shower! We couldn't wait to check out first thing the next morning after seeing how pathetic the accommodations were!
4	My boyfriend checked into the Monte Carlo a day before I got to Las Vegas and unfortunately found several long, disgusting hairs in the bathtub. After complaining, he was upgraded to a spa suite- it was AMAZING! Absolutely ginormous room with a king size bed, huge wet bar, separate seating area, an abnormally large jacuzzi tub overlooking the Strip, and a large bathroom with steam shower! I'd highly recommend the spa suite! Made for one of our best nights in Vegas. The wet bar was awesome and would be a great option for pregaming before your night out. I didn't go to the pool, but I know they were redoing it while I was there, so I'm assuming it's nicer and better than ever. Good location!
1	All I have to say about this hotel is that I don't think I will ever be staying here again.  Maybe I'm just picky but this place was very dull.  You go to any casino on the strip and you'll find it a lot more busy and rowdier than over at Monte Carlo.  Not to mention the not-so-friendly staff who took all of my gambling money.  Okay, I can't exactly blame them for my losses (which I will never gamble here ever again), but the service definitely did not make it any better.  From the point I checked in to the point I checked out, I think there was only one staff member who was actually friendly out of the 298437592 others that worked there.  As for the rooms, I got a deluxe room but after staying in this very dimly lit room with cheap carpet and just an icky ambiance about it, I had no choice but to upgrade ourselves to a spa suite, just because I couldn't stand it.  I admit, the suites are the only good thing that the hotel has going for it.  The jacuzzi was nice and the suite itself was not bad but that still does not change my opinion of this place.  The view isn't much because of construction but even without it, you wouldn't be able to see much.My recommendation is to stay at NY-NY next door or MGM across the street but steer clear from this place.
3	Casino only here, I haven't stayed in the hotel rooms.I think the interior decor is eh, the dealers were also eh, none too nice, a lot just a bit unattentive (inattentive? nonattentive? you get my point)...Anyway, I love the location of Monte Carlo, I loved the Beatles Cirque du Soleil and I think their shops are pretty darn nifty, so they're "A-OK" in my book.
3	The Monte Carlo is a good hotel to stay at if you are just using to sleep in during your partying on the rest of the Vegas strip. The location isn't that bad, it isn't that far off the heart of the strip, but it definitely NOT near the fun. It is a decent walk in the heat to all the other snazzy places along The Strip.If you do stay here - do ask for a room without construction views since they are making CityCenter adjacent to the Monte Carlo. I was lucky enough to get a room facing New York, New York - kind of reminded me of home.There isn't a huge theme with the Monte Carlo unlike all the newer hotels  in town, (ie: Bellagio, Venetian, Caesar's Palace, etc...etc). It feels like any other hotel, it might as well be called Las Vegas Sheraton - it seems just average.If I had to stay here again, I definitely wouldn't mind, but I wouldn't mind spending a bit more money to get somewhere in the more towards the middle of the strip, with more a theme, and with more of nightlife. Seems like this is where the older & family crowd heads to.
3	I thought this place was very nice. I don't know how nice all of the Las Vegas hotels are, but this place is certainly much nicer than your average hotel. The rooms were big and clean. The walls were thick so i didn't hear anyone else the entire time. I walked around the pool area and it looked fun(although i didn't use it) The food court selection downstairs was very quick and touristy(Shbarro and Nathan's to name a few)The casino area was alright, although the blackjack dealers we had were a little impatient with us newbies. We know how to play and we certainly weren't moving slower than anyone else at the table, but for some reason the blackjack dealer kept prompting "Hit or stay, hit or stay?" trying to make us go faster... it was a bit annoying. I would stay here again.
3	does monte carlo have a new wing?  if not, they really should build one.  or upgrade their old one.  i don't remember them being so crappy when i stayed here 5 years ago.  they've still got the old box TV, no clock, and a REALLY old shower that needed some major drano.  and the pillows were LUMPY!  all of them!  for $150/night, i expect more.  or is that just how much the strip costs now?  maybe i've been staying at my family's house too long.  fortunately (or unfortunately depending on who you are) a friend of ours lost enough money that our room was comped.pool area was large.  they even have a river thingy where you can rent an inner tube and just float along the river all day....with your beverage!nice "fast food" food court near the elevators with mcdonald's open 24 hours to fulfill those late night cravings of cheap eats.
1	I've been before and just don't recall it being so yuck.  I had booked the Monte Carlo because after some web searching my son thought it had the best pool inclusive of waves and a lazy river.  Photo shop apparently does a lot more than cover pimples, sun damage, and cellulite.  The rooms are aged and currently neighbors with a major construction project that goes on round the clock.  After pulling an all nighter because of the never ending sounds of bulldozers, not the kind of sleepless night I'm used to in sin city, I asked to change my room and was thrown into a customer service nightmare.  I awoke with a different room, a broken TV, and a plumbing issue.Not a reason in the world for this girl to ever go back.
4	I really wasn't there long enough to write a good review, but I'll write one anyway.  The room was average.  The front desk service was very good, maybe even great.  My view sucked because of the construction.  The location is great, right between the Bellagio and New York New York.  The breakfast buffet was just like every other hotel in the world.  The casino was pretty good.  The dealer at the poker table was great, and everyone at the table had a ball.  The waitress hunted down some matches for me since she didn't have any on her.  And the price for the room was pretty good, just $110 per night which included breakfast, although it was the off season.  Unfortunately I did not get the opporunity to see the pool or the spa.  The only complaint I have is that the water lines were pretty noisy, so if I had been asleep at 5 am the sound of someone showering in another room would have woke me up (did I say that right?? I better drink some more coffee).  Speaking of coffee, I don't think there was coffee in the room.  I have another complaint, now that I've thought about it.  I kept smelling toilet at various places around the building.  I don't know what it was, but it could have been my imagination.  I think I'll give it 3.5 stars.  I would stay there again.
4	i love this hotel!! the service was fast when you needed something from housekeeping they're there within 5 mins!! i loved the war tables dealer was so friendly, i just didnt like the dealer at the blackjack tables she seem snooty, hahaha but i played one game with her and i won double the amount of money that i had put in :) yay me!!
3	Well, I guess I "graduated" this year from staying at the Excalibur to the Monte Carlo...As something sorta last minute, we stayed in whatever room was available...double beds, a showerhead and TV. I didn't have a concern for comfort, class and convenience during our weekend stay because I knew we would mostly be out in the hotels off the strip. And then there was that crescendo of a construction site right next to my ear during those mornings.  But, the hotel did its job past the early morning hours when we'd get home. A comfortable bed, clean bathroom stalls, etc. The lobby was a sight for its cleanliness and a perfect place to make that grand entrance in fierce heels complete w/ the killer outfit when going out for the night and coming back barefoot, blisters on the feet and makeup running from a heavy workout on the dance floor when coming back...ok, the hotel did its job.
4	I had never stayed here before and I must say for the money it's a great deal.  We went for a weekend in March and had a great stay.  The entry of the hotel is very nice, the individual oil lamp look-a-likes at each guest check in desk were a nice touch.  Personally I liked on each level how there's a center lobby right off the elevator with 4 different hallways to go down for your room.. it's nothing spectacular but for some reason I really liked it.The room's are pretty nice, definitely nicer than a lot of the hotels in a similar price range... I'm thinking that we got a good price because we went 2 months after the fire that occurred there... no concern to me.Everytime I venture to Vegas I never really get to enjoy the pools and other commodities at the hotel, of course this trip was no different though I'm sure they were great.The service at the hotel was exquisite, I definitely recommend it..
4	I'm reading all these reviews and I'm completely dumbfounded by them.  We began our Honeymoon here - booked a room for $59/night off of a great Travelzoo deal.  Ended up upgrading for another $50/night to a jacuzzi suite overlooking the strip and it was perfect - the room was huge with a great whirlpool in front of the window overlooking the MGM grand and the mountains.  The room had a surround sound DVD system, a very comfortable bed, a wet bar (we didn't do any entertaining, but it was a great place to put all our crap coming and going out of the room), and a large bathroom with a big shower and a separate room for the toilet.  For a little over $100 a night, we couldn't have asked for a better place to start our honeymoon!!  The hotel is clean, has great service and we liked the smell (each casino and resort has a different aroma pumped into it, in case you haven't figured it out...).  There IS construction going on around it, but it didn't bother us at all - the pool area was clean (nothing floating in the pool, and we were there at the beginning of October) and though there was construction going on, they are well past the bulldozing phase, so it was just some general noise in the background and was generally overshadowed by the music in the pool area.  The pools were great and the service was terrific.  Our bellman who helped us with our luggage on the way out was extremely nice and even tried to call friends in CA to help us find the name of a restaurant he wanted to suggest to us (we were heading to Malibu next).  I've never been to Vegas and it was my wife's second visit (she previously stayed at Mandalay Bay) and we both absolutely loved it.  We weren't there for "the scene" or for gambling, so I don't know about any of that.  We loved the room, the service was great, the pool was just what we wanted, and it was a good deal. The only caveat to this: obviously their special deals are working for them, since when we first checked in, they could only put us in a regular room with two double beds.  We ended up doing the upgrade on the second night and they were very accommodating with the change.  The regular room wasn't anything special - but not dirty, dated or noisy like some of the other complaints.  I guess if you're not facing the strip it may be noisy because of the construction, but its not like the strip side is that quiet (it is the Vegas strip...) and we couldn't hear a peep in either room.  I think people may be getting "dated" confused with "themed" - yes, the fixtures are big and ornate and old fashioned looking... perhaps French-ish?  Perhaps even Monte Carlo-ish???  Hmm...... could be!!
3	Monte Carlo in Las Vegas was a decent hotel.  Pros: - great location (on the strip) and nearby major Vegas hotels - decent food court (if on a budget) and hungry after a night of    completely getting trashed somewhere on the strip - decent casino floor (cool machines)  - staff was pretty friendly - hotel rates! ($70/night)...it's a bargain in VegasCons: - hotel rooms weren't the greatest...standard rooms...nothing fancy,  but if ya think about it in reality, who gives a shit right because a  couple of guys who go for a quick Vegas trip gettin' trash...rooms  are just there for just to take a quick nap before gettin' trashed the   next day!  - the construction noise was a noisy, but meh again, drunk people  don't pay attention to that
3	We had a spectacular view from our room, overlooking MGM and the strip. Other than that, the room was pretty average. Nothing fancy, but at least it was spacious and clean.
3	There are 2 things that make the Monte Carlo great. 1 - The pool (waves and lazy river)2 - The CafeThe pool area is huge. It has a regular pool that goes 6 feet deep, and it's heated. The jaccuzzi was nice too. There are two things that stand out in the pool area. there's a  pretty big area and it makes waves, so sort of like you were in the ocean (without the fear or sharks and saltwater) that was funSecond, i discovered a cafe in the hotel that had GREAT food. I had the chicken  sangwich, and omg it was delicious.. check it outThe night was cheap (thurs night) and they have ok rooms
2	Pro's- Good location- Decent priceCon's-Boring rooms-Parking is in an open lot so stuff gets stolen off your car....  :(-Construction going on -Lance Burton's picture in your face 24/7
1	stayed once in this empty shell of a hotel/casino and let me tell you what happened...check in and notice that it's basically a generic skeleton of a hotel/casino with nothing giving it a personal touch or making it special...fine.get to the room, throw our stuff down and quickly change for dinner and drinks...don't notice much except that it's a bit small but hey, it was pretty cheap.what happened from the time we left to go out until the time i woke up i'm not so sure...but what happened when i did wake up...GROSS.so i wake up hungover and scratching my legs...no big change there.but then i keep scratching...and scratching...and scratching, until finally i pull back the covers with an annoyed "what the fuck" and i see BUGS.BUGS!!!!!! WITH WINGS!!!!!! IN THE BED!!!!!!BUGS!!!!!i'm not all that squeamish, but c'mon!! then i notice bugs on the bedside table and around the window sill(which are sealed shut!)so i call the front desk and get an uninterested employee transfer me to security where i get the fuckhead asking "are you sure they're bugs, ma'am?". WTF. you don't really confuse an infestation with anything else.after a thorough inspection of our infested room(you best bet i acted squeamish then), we FINALLY got transfered to a suite. great, but i still feel like there's gonna be bugs in my bed. they tried to give us 2 free nights there to apologize...NO FUCKING WAY!!! why would i ever stay at they're empty, no fun-havin', bug-infested hotel?if it's affordability you're looking for, the Luxor or Rio are far superior.
4	I've stayed in a number of MGM Properties in Vegas and I have to admit, I really liked the Monte Carlo. Initially, I expected to hate it so I was pleasantly surprised.it is kind of crazy getting to and from the hotel due to all of the construction but it's really not that big of a deal. We didn't hear the construction from our rooms so that was a plus.I even really liked the casino- it isn't huge but Mom and i managed to spend twelve straight hours gambling here and we didn't go broke or get bored. That rarely happens. Overall, it was a good value for the price but you won't be "wowed" like you would at some of the other Vegas properties like Wynn or Pallazo.
3	The Monte Carlo is actually a pretty nice hotel.  We got a great deal on Priceline.com (name your own).  However, they were doing construction on the parking structure, so the entrance was crazy and unorganized.  There was a small lot for parking.  I suggest going for the free valet.  Our room had an amazing view and the gentleman that checked us in was a sweetheart.  The buffet did not look good at all.  We'd stay here again, but will definitely wait for the construction to be done.
3	The hotel itself isn't all that bad.  There really isn't anything wrong with it per se, but it isn't the best hotel on the strip.  If you want to stay on the strip, be relatively close to everything, and not pay an arm and a leg, then this is your place.  I normally find the best deals here and haven't been disappointed with anything.  The hotel is like any other hotel, only probably bigger.  The staff are friendly for the most part.  I think that it's more geared towards the middle-aged and older crowd, but maybe that's why the deals are fairly good.  So, if you don't need to stay in a fancy hotel, but want to stay on the strip, check out the Monte Carlo.  Oh, the other plus is that parking normally isn't that bad if you have a car, and it's fairly close to the hotel itself which is nice.
3	I'll start by giving Monte Carlo four stars for a beautiful hotel and casino, at least in the public areas I observed, and for a good selection of slots and other gaming devices.  Then I'll subtract one star for the complete lack of complimentary cocktail service during my last visit.  I sat at a quarter slots in the center of the casino for over an hour and never once had a cocktail waitress stop by, nor did I even see one off in the distance anywhere.  Shame, shame.  That puts it in the same category as the Four Queens downtown.........poor drink service in my experience.Monte Carlo tends to get overlooked because it's kind of tucked in between all the Project Center City construction going on with restricted sidewalk usage in that area.  Also, it doesn't have some flashy theme or gimmick to draw people in.  But it's actually quite a nice place and, except for drink service as noted above, I felt very comfortable inside and sincerely liked it.
2	Boo! Yeah I'm definitely not a fan. The casino area seemed nice enough. I don't gamble so I'm going off what I saw while walking by.I ate at two restaurants during my stay, The Cafe and The Market City Caffe, and they were both great. The Cafe is like an upscale 24 hour cafe. I got a chicken burger with a baked potatoe on the side and it was delish. The Market City Caffe is an Italian restaurant. I had the macaroni and cheese with bacon. It was very good and filling. I would recommend both of these places.It's the rooms that kill the Monte Carlo for me. The beds are fine but they give you these two litle pillows with them that are completely flat and maybe just bigger than 11x14. I kid you not. I was like seriously? These are the pillows? Also, the plumbing is really loud. I know that when you stay in Vegas you can sometimes hear people in the room next to yours, but you shouldn't have to hear when they turn on the sink. My ironing board was broken and the iron was so old that it didn't have a steam function on it. Boo!If you want a great, affordable hotel room, stay at the MGM. The pillows were fat and firm and you get 4 per bed. I didn't have to hear anyone flush their toilet, and they actually put thought into the interior design of the room. It's very 1920's Hollywood. And they have Emeril's Seafood Restaurant. Yum!!!!
4	Stayed here in August as part of a Southwest Airlines Vacation package, and I thought it was a good value for the money I spent.  I thought the decor was tasteful but not overbearing, and even though it lacks a "theme" you still get that Vegas grandeur, so it was nice.  I ate at Brand Steakhouse (again in September actually) and I thought it was really good.  Not a cheap meal, mind you, but very well done and the wait staff was excellent.  I also ate at the Dragon Noodle, and I thought it was only okay for the price.  This may have been because the person I was with was getting on my nerves, but I wasn't overly impressed by the food.  The menu was extensive though.  The pool is decent, nothing fancy, though there is a wave pool. The rooms at the Monte Carlo are decent, not super cheapo but nothing extremely fancy.  I too thought it odd there were only two pillows on the bed, but I don't use pillows so it didn't matter.  Overall I will say the room was nicely sized, as was the bathroom, and the maid staff was on top of things.  Like other reviewers have mentioned, the walls are not the thickest, but who cares if you hear your neighbor's shower.  Who needs complete silence in a room in Vegas?  Who's even in their room when they're in Vegas???I thought the addition of a food court was nice, because you don't always want to have to sit down in a restaurant (and sometimes you really jsut want subway) and it came in really handy for late night munchies.  However, it wasn't open 24 hours, which was kind of a bummer.  The casino area is pretty big, but not really confusing like some of the other big hotels, like say Caesars.  The Monte casino is pretty much straight back from the street, so I found it really easy to find the rest of my party when we did wander away from each other. Overall, I would stay here again, it is nicely situated on the strip so you're close to all the action, but it didn't feel so crowded as some of the other themed hotels.  If you can catch a good deal from MGM, this is a great bet.
1	I stay in Vegas often and usually try to pick a different place each time just to try everything.  Lately, though, I've been staying at MGM more and more often just because the other properties seem to be going downhill.  Monte Carlo is one such property.Casino:The casino was OK and had a good vibe.  My only annoyance here was a pit boss totally ignoring me betting $20-$30 per round on roulette because I was using the $1 chips (it was a $5 minimum table at the time).  After several rounds he finally came over and offered to explain how the comps work and that we need to bet a lot more than the minimum to be noticed.  Really?  Well if you'd been watching, you'd have seen that I just dropped $400 on the stupid table.  He did try to make up for it once he noticed how annoyed I was, though, so that was cool.  Also, it didn't help that the dealer at the roulette table was totally uninterested and kept looking off in the distance and yawning.  I don't think the employees are very happy here.Hotel:The hotel is "eh".  My standard rant at any of these properties are their so called "queen sized" beds.  They are NOT queen sized beds!  They're doubles!!  Don't advertise that you're getting a queen size when it's a tiny little double!!  The pillows were like 2 foot tall bricks the first night.  I asked housekeeping for better pillows for the second night and they brought some feather pillows up which were much nicer.The rooms are VERY loud.  I could hear people coughing and sneezing a floor up and below from me and also next door.  The plumbing is really really loud, too, and at one point was making a really loud hummm for hours.   I was awoken each morning around 6AM  and couldn't get back to sleep because of all of the noise.  Not a good way to encourage me to stay up all night gambling :(Go to MGM.  It'll be much nicer.
5	I don't care what anyone says, this place is one of the best values on the Strip.  I stayed here a while back with the boyfriend and we booked online.  I saw a few days later that the prices online were a bit cheaper and I called in and they changed it for me, no questions asked, no trouble at all.When we arrived, we were told by a very nice, very pregnant woman that we had been given an upgrade.  Out of curiousity, we asked why and she said that sometimes it just happens.  We figured it can't be a bad thing and at least we'll get a good view or something.  Turns out, they gave us the freakin Spa Suite.The room had a GIANT tub near the window that would make Joe Francis whip out the camera faster than a hooker drops to her knees.  There was also a California King bed with an oversized comforter, a sofa, tv, coffee table, separate shower and toilet and a wet bar.  There were power blackout blinds you could close from the bed area or the tub area and they gave you plenty of bubble bath for your sudsy pleasure.All in all, the Spa Suite for the price of a regular room (120 the first night and 109 the second night) was absolutely worth the whole trip.  I don't really understand people who complain about the casinos in their hotel being bad because seriously people, it's Vegas, go outside, walk 20 feet and go to another casino!!
3	Stayed here for 3 nights for a very cheap rate of about $260? right after christmas! This was the MC Winter Wonderland Package, which included 2 complimentary buffets, free play money, and coupons to restaurants in the hotel!  Too bad, we never tried out MC's buffet for free!  I We got the 31st floor room which was an awesome view of the mountains and sun rising and freeway full of cars!  I wanted the strip view but the bellman was right.. The new city buildings under construction are hiding Monte Carlo's view of the strip so it was better that we got the other view of Vegas!  The 32nd floor was closed for renovations.. I think the whole hotel is under renovations in general.. the lobby of each floor is pretty empty with like 2 chairs and carpet.. nothing too special or fancy.. But hotels are hotels right... I was barely in my room the whole entire trip anyways! Beds, pillows, and blankets were definitely comfortable for my taste after a long day and night of walking/gambling around.  Valet is complimentary for guests. There is a parking lot across the street for short term parking which is hard to find though.. It is packed! The outside of the hotel has a nice theme/decor to it which i absolutely love.. but the inside just really doesn't match it at all.. I guess they got lazy!Casino: Nothing too fancy..no decor really.. just some casual place to gamble downstairs if your feet can't make it anywhere else!I don't mind staying here again if i were tight on money! :)
3	I booked the hotel from Priceline. We wanted a 4 star hotel and Monte Carlo is only 3.5 star hotel. I contacted Priceline, but was told that the hotels were rated with their own system. So Monte Carlo is a 4 star hotel with their rating system. We didn't really get a good deal, either. Monte Carlo offered a much better deal through their own website. But with Priceline, once the hotel is booked, there's no way to cancel. Bummer! I will never use Priceline ever again!We checked in our room around 4pm. The hotel wasn't too busy at that time. The front desk lady was really nice. We requested a pool view room on the upper floor. Got a room on 28th floor. The supposed queen size beds were actually full size. I didn't think the bed was comfortable. There's a small table and 2 chairs. No internet service unless you pay. Standard cable TV. Closet with an iron board. The room is just a basic hotel room, but it does have everything you need. Besides, who stays in a hotel room when you're in Vegas?We could see the pool from our room. The little river looked nice. Our view also included the new City Center construction site. The new City Center is HUGE! It's seriously a city within the city. I think they want to finish building as soon as possible so construction was going on 24/7. I heard some beeping noises that sounds like trucks backing up in the middle of the night. The AM hour was also a little noisy. For night view, we didn't see much Las Vegas light from our room.Diablo's Cantina was the new bar/restaurant inside Monte Carlo. Some guy gave us 2 free pass to go in. We were going to check the place out. But.... The entry way looked so scary! It was really dark with very very dim red light. We walked two steps into the tunnel and I ran out. So eerie and creepy. So basically I hate this place because of its scary entryway!The main attraction at Monte Carlo is Lance Burton's magic show. There's a magic shop right next to the theater. Tons of magic props inside the shop. They also had a guy there performing little tricks for the kids. There's a guillotine in the shop that has lots of famous magicians' autographs. I tried to see who signed it. But since I don't know that many magicians, I didn't recognize anyone I know.They had gambling machine on the bar table. We played a little Black Jack while waiting for our drinks. When the bartender came, he asked if we put in $10 to play. Since we did, the drinks were complimentary. Nice! And I won $5 playing Black Jack, too. haha....The front of the casino at night time looked so pretty. The fountain is the picture spot. Beautiful statues outside of Monte Carlo. Monte Carlo is not too bad, but there are couple things I don't like about it. First, parking was a pain. They only had a tiny outdoor parking lotwhich probably only fit 100 cars. It was really hard to find spaces at night time. We had to park at New York New York and walk over. Second, I didn't like the construction noises coming from the City Center. Third, I didn't like their casino that much. I don't know.... the vibe was just not right there. No wonder the casino was half empty most of the time.What I like about Monte Carlo was their location. It's right by MGM Grand, New York New York, Bellagio, Planet Hollywood and Paris. I like the CVS next door that saved my feet. I like the friendly service at the check in desk. That's about it. We didn't stay at the hotel much during our trip. Just came back here to sleep.Monte Carlo is an ok hotel. It's not too expensive, but you get what you pay for. With the parking problem + construction noises, we probably won't stay here next time though.
3	Great location on the strip. Right next to New York New York. The hotel is really nice and the restaurants were decent. I really like the mini food court so everyone gets choices. My husband and our friends really liked the 24 hour cafe. Huge size sandwiches for about $10. It was just so convenient to have a place to eat and was opened 24 hours! That was a huge plus. We don't gamble, but the casino part seemed decent and clean. It looked a bit older than the other casinos on the strip. The staff and housekeeping staff were really really great. We found an awesome deal on Travelocity and stayed there 3 nights for $109 total!!!!! It was such a great deal for the location. We stayed in the standard room. The rooms are avg. Nothing bad, but nothing fancy either. The beds were nice, but the pillows were super flat. We really enjoyed staying at the Monte Carlo. The only complaint is the bathroom didn't have a ventilation fan. Room came with your typical iron, ironing board, tv, safe, and hair dryer. We would definitely stay here again!
2	alright, so you're looking for something nice but not too expensive and good location on the vegas strip.. and here we are, at the monte carlo. it looks pretty, but its crappy, no, let me rephrase... MOTEL CARLO.. SO DON'T LET THE DECORATIONS OUTSIDE FOOL YOU! the room doesn't include a fridge, the ceilings are super low. my friend who's 6'2 was on the verge of the ceilings. the rooms are small, yea... really small. the shower head was super super super weak. it's like "tic tic tic tic" maybe they're trying to conserve water, who knows, but i've been in other vegas hotels, and yes i get that we're in the desert but shoot, i'm still going to shower and  i don't want to spend half an hour underneath a weak sprinkle sprinkle shower which barely even keeps me warm because the darn water is sooo slow.  the blanket sucks... i mean what is this? 1985? still using the cheap fleecey blanket with a thin blanket on top. the fleece part of the blanket was so old that you can feel the fuzzy balls. they coulda at least get a real comforter!!  And get this, we asked for a late checkout, and they said" okay, checkout is at 12, if you're not checkout by noon we will charge you a additional night." what the hell is that? normal hotel checkout is 11-12. and  don't know they that this is SIN CITY, people don't go to sleep early so we can't get our butts that early and be ready so early, especially with that cheap ass shower head. service sucks too, we stayed there for 4 nights and not once did they ever came to clean our room. so by the end of our stay, the place was trashed. we didn't leave them any tip either. i guess what bugs me is that its advertise as a 4 stars hotel, but truth be told, its like a 2.5 stars hotel with pretty decorations. (.5 of came from the pretty statues and fountain outside of the hotel) i guess i shoulda read some reviews on yelp before booking at monte carlo..oops i meant MOTEL CARLO.
3	Monte Carlo is in a prime location on the strip - the middle.  For me, that's their biggest highlight.  Judging from the nice statues and upkeep of the outside one might come to expect more from the inside.  However don't.  The inside looks old and dingy.  Their rooms reflect this feel.  I was disappointed and felt deceived at the table when we ordered Hennessy shots and were given some other cognac.  When we asked the cocktail waitress she said that's the only kind they're allowed to serve... fine but at least be upfront with me about it instead of hoping that maybe I wouldnt know the difference!  I give it a 3 stars because the rooms while old looking were decently clean and price was reasonable.  Stay here if you're on a budget but party and play elsewhere.
4	Great spot on the strip. Not to crowded. Not full of hipsters and not full of old people. I was  happy to stay here for my 26th birthday. Table limits are reasonably low compared to some of the other surrounding casinos. When we arrived they asked us if we would like to upgrade for a 15 dollars more a night to a MONACO SUITE and of course we said yes.  It was an amazing suite just renovated with a his and her bathroom. I love Vegas, being from LA, its just a 4 hour drive or if I want to plan ahead of time 42min flight!    VIVA LAS VEGAS!!
4	for a great hotel in a great location for a great price, monte carlo is the place to stay.  sure, it's not fancy and glitzy like bellagio or the wynn, but it is a third of the price...which is a big plus.  i also like the dealers and pit bosses here.  they're friendly and joke with you a lot, while keeping their professional demeanor.  fyi, be super nice when you check-in.  if you're nice (and lucky) enough, they'll work the computers and upgrade your room :)  winner, winner, chicken dinner!!!
3	Rooms: CleanShower Head: PerfectBeds: ComfortableI like this place because you do not have to go through the casino to get to your elevator/room. Old hotel been around along time but they do a great, consistent job. Not my first place to stay but I wouldn't shy away from it!
3	My first impression was that the hotel was very nice. It looked elegant and classy. We try to upgrade, but there weren't any suites available so for $20 a night they offered us 30th floor, strip view. We get to the room..... it hadn't been cleaned (-1 star). We got back down to the desk and they give us the room right next to that one. The view was amazing! Totally worth the extra $20/night.The room was clean. My only other complaint is that you can hear the water when someone in another room is taking a shower..... not cool when you have trouble sleeping to begin with and you want to sleep past 7 a.m. (-1 star)The buffet was yummy! The black jack tables were $5 in the early Sunday hours..... pretty nice stay!Next time we're going to try somewhere else. This place is definitely nicer than your typical like Holiday Inn..... but it wasn't AS nice I I expected. All in all..... GREAT TIME!
3	It was my first time in Vegas and I stayed at Monte Carlo Hotel. Rooms are clean but the bathroom needs more attention. (I guess I should consider the fact that the hotel was had a fire incident a year before I went... but still...) Staff were friendly and it was off the strip so I guess it is okay overall.
3	Pros:-Cheap prices (for group rates) -walking distance to most things on strip-nice rooms-lots of penny slots-Very clean roomsCons: -thin walls where you can hear your neighbors tango'ing - mattress style.-sunlight down by the pool looks blocked by the building-construction noise from Vedara (name?) -no nightclub-not enough hot young chicks-middle aged crowds (I'm in my early 30's, I want to feel younger (-:)-pay internet (are they all like that now?)Don't get me wrong, this is a nice hotel. But it's just a hotel. There's not much else about it. No glitz, no glamour of the standard Vegas kitsch that we've all come to love about the strip. It's good if you're looking for someplace cheap and classy. I have a feeling this will take over Casino Royale's spot on the cheap list when CR finally gets demolished (and they all do)
4	This is my favorite hotel to stay at when I'm "slumming it".  My actual favorites are the Wynn and Bellagio, but when I want to save some dough, the Monte Carlo is the best place to be.  They frequently have promotions where you can stay for as little as $60 a night along with vouchers for free food, drinks, etc.  The rooms are comfortable and clean and there's a CVS conveniently located right next door so you don't have to pay an arm and a leg for drinks, snacks, toiletries, etc. as you would if you'd purchased them at the hotel convenience store.  I pretty much agree with all of the positive things other users had to say about this hotel.  Minus one star because they charged me double for internet because we had 2 laptops.
4	This hotel teeters between 3 and 4 stars:4 stars b/c...great location on strip, cheap room rates, easy entrance to hotel rooms w/out having to weave into casino section, FUN FUN wave pool and lazy river!3 stars b/c...old hotel, so-so beds, old bedding - still uses flannel blanket padding with a flat bedsheet over mattress, so it comes easily untucked at night.Overall, the 4 star pros outweighted the 3 stars.  We got a great deal that included 2 day entrances to the spa (worth checking out), 2 free drinks at the Monte Carlo brew pub and 2 free buffet tickets.Their spa entrance is $22 for the day (or just $19 to use the gym).  They have a cold pool (70 degrees), hot whirlpool (104 degrees), steam room and dry sauna.Their brew pub is ok.  They stopped brewing their own beer 2 years ago, so it's a little misleading, but nonetheless it was a nice/large pub.
3	It was clean enough and the rooms were decent. I kind of liked the view of New York New York and MGM from our window. My parents made the mistake of staying at Circus Circus last time and they were much happier this time around. The room was clean and it was mostly quiet, except that I didn't really like how thin the walls were. We didn't hear much, but it was very loud whenever a "neighbor" was coming/going and the first night there was a person with a nasty cough near-by (that wasn't fun to listen to now and again). The bedding was.... fine. Nothing fancy, but it was clean and that's all I cared about. The pillows weren't super comfortable so my parents were a little grumpy about that (while it wasn't as big a deal to me).The rates were great and it was a good place to stay with the family. They didn't have any of the really cool shows or bars, so it seemed like a lot of the patrons (and especially those that stuck around during the day/night) were of the 40+ variety that were looking to gamble (as they drank and/or smoked - lots of smoking in the casino). The nice thing was that you could go right or left on the Strip and really quickly get to some fun stuff.Shopping: The "street of dreams" stores and the pub seemed to be closed every time I headed into that direction. That was weird.Show tickets: You can get show tickets at the concierge desk, but they recommended that I go to the actual hotel because they said the computer picks out the "best seat" in the front or back area (whichever you choose), but you won't know your actual seat until you get there if they're the ones that do it.Internet use: People with laptops can get it for $15/day in their room, or there are these old school machines in the lobby that are 25 cents a minute (with a $5 min). I didn't need to get online for that long, but I needed to check grades so I figured I might as well use up all the time I got for that $5.The only real issue we had was related to housekeeping. When we left for the day, we put all our dirty towels that we wanted them to take on the floor. When my mom came back and went to dry her hands, she realized that they gave us two new towels and also hung up two wet ones..... one was dirty and wet, the other one was just a little wet. What the heck??? Right away we went down to the Check-In area and let them know about it. The woman there (Angela?) was very apologetic and ended up offering us a free trip to their buffet (first she looked to give us some money, but we had already pre-paid everything and didn't have a card on the room, so that was a no-go). We didn't particularly want to go back to the breakfast buffet, but we figured it'd be a good idea to do that before we take off (and have it be free instead of about $41).Then we headed upstairs to take down the dirty towels and encountered housekeeping.... who (after asking if we were the people that complained) tried to tell us that the towels they hung up were all clean. Wtf? I didn't feel the towels, but I trust my mom's judgment on that a lot more than a stranger. Sorry, lady..... but that was weird. At that point I kind of wished I could just get some clean towels from them and have them leave.Over-all..... I'd consider staying here again if I ever return to Vegas.
3	This used to be my hotel of choice, once upon a time a four star hotel at a three star price was unbeatable! Until they decided to stop comping me rooms while I stayed in Vegas. Overall it is a probably in my book a 3 to maybe a 3 1/2(on good day) hotel at a low 3 star price.
3	This hotel and casino is okay for its location. Hell it is on the strip.  I have managed to get some really good room deals. If you are experiencing Vegas correctly, you really don't need your room for more than to shower and maybe catch a few winks.  My main objective was to save $$ money this trip and spend it on other activities.I ate at the Chinese restaurant and fast food food court. The brewery pub plays hip hop on the weekends. Best advice is to get there early for drinks and avoid the line.
4	I stayed here a while ago and I really enjoyed my time at the Monte Carlo.  It's definitely not like any of the other hotel/casinos on the strip.  There wasn't any gimmick, no crazy decorations... it was just a hotel and a casino on the ground level. I liked it's simplicity-- i didn't have to figure out how to get to the hotel or find where the restaurants were. Even if I were lost, I could just ask the nice people who work there for directions. The pool was pretty cool, though most people were just there to sun bathe.  The view from my room kind of sucked though- it was of the City Center construction and they pretty much work on that thing 24/7-- waking up to the sound of hammering and drilling wasn't fun. And because of the City Center, it took a lot of sunlight away from the sun bathers.  I had a good time here, but I'd stay elsewhere just to mix things up a little the next time I'm in Sin City.
3	I stayed here for a weekend during my spring break. It was a trip planned for a friend's birthday. We got our rooms right away. It just sucked cuz our rooms were the very last rooms in the hallway which made it a long walk to the elevators. The rooms were clean but average looking. Also we said non smoking rooms but somehow our room also smelled like cigaretttes when we first walk into them. Monte Carlo has an OK food court and it was open 24hrs. Great casino, swimming pool. The hotel was nice but next time I would like to go to a luxury hotel.
3	I enjoyed my stay here more than I expected to, after reading the Yelp reviews. I found a great deal that included free buffets, free drinks, and access to their spa facility. Time passed by so quickly during our stay, we didn't get to take advantage of the spa facility before we left. But who wants to be indoors in the water, when you can be OUTdoors in the water AND under the warm sun with plenty of drinks in hand. They have a few pools to choose from. Loved the river pool with the current that pushes you along. Didn't really go in their wave pool, but it looked like a lot of fun. Good location on the strip, not too far south, you still feel like you're in the mix of things. But not recommended if you're looking for a young scene. People who stay at this hotel tend to be older and families.
3	Really, the Monte Carlo isn't such a bad place to stay at. It's a little mundane and less lively than some of the other themed hotels/resorts and new swanky ones on the strip, but when staying on a budget in Vegas and looking to stay on the strip in a large hotel, the Monte Carlo is a great choice.It's affordable and has the basic amenities like a spa, a show (Lance Burton), a pool with a wave pool and lazy river (I stayed here first when I was a kid, it was great!), a diverse selection of in-house restaurants (French, Italian, Chinese, Mexican, Steakhouse, brewery with American food, etc) and fast food joints (McDonald's, Subway, Sbarro, Rubio's, Starbucks, etc) so you can eat within any price range, however there is practically no shopping, only a little, sad, pathetic, fake cobblestone "boulevard" by the brewery where several stores used to be. There once was a wine shop, a jewelry store and a handful of others, but now only a clothing store geared towards mid-aged women and a sunglasses store now remains.I would like to comment on the AMAZING water pressure in the showers. Seriously, it was better than any hotel I can vividly remember. You know it's something when you walk away from the trip and that's what you remember of your hotel room. Otherwise, the room was decent, but nothing extraordinary.Join the MGM-Mirage Players Club and get $10 of free gameplay.A solid three stars.
2	I stayed here over this past weekend. We were accidentally given one king sized bed instead of two queen beds, but they immediately called and switched us. As we were entering the new room, housekeeping was still (not) cleaning, but sitting on the bed watching TV. WTF? Seriously? So, the room was in decent shape, I mean, it's just a budget hotel in a decent location, but there were no cups in the bathroom, and only 1 pillow per person. Standard I guess in such a hotel. We only had the room cleaned one day out of the four we were there, and they did a lame job of it. Not all towels on the floor were picked up, and there was an empty takeout container left in the room. I understand it's hard sometimes to figure out what's garbage and what's not, but after the TV incident, it was hard for me to give them the benefit of the doubt. The pool was fun, until I wanted to relax and read a book. It screams MTV Spring Break. So, not a place to go for a quiet read, but still full of good booze, music and people. I asked our waitress for a glass of water, along with a mojito and a burger. My friends ordered food too. We got everything except the water, which our waitress said that she couldn't give us tap water. We had to buy bottled. Really? How crass. It served it's purpose as a cheap stay on the Strip, but in the future I'll stay at Treasure Island or the Venetian for the extra 50 bucks, and love Vegas all the much more for it.
3	3.5 stars.This review is just for the rooms and the pool. We partied, ate, and did things elsewhere.Monte Carlo was an okay Hotel to stay in. It is priced pretty decent, but the rooms are also just decent. We had 8 people sharing two rooms (with four beds total) and we got the two rooms with a connecting door. That makes communication very easy. But there is nothing fancy or special about the rooms. But you're in Vegas, so you're here to party (and/or gamble). So the hotel/room choice is not that big of a deal. We went there last late October, and around Monte Carlo, there were constructions going on. I don't remember (hahaha) the noise to be a problem. But I did find their vehicle loading/unloading to be positioned in a wrong place. It's not at the front, but rather it's on the side where you have to go into their alleyway. Their pool area is nice and big, and they have plenty of seats. But the damn unfinished/constructing building right there wasn't that appealing. (But that is probably not the fault of Monte Carlo.)Next time, I would try somewhere else, so to see the other selections.
4	I am not a girl who expects a lot from a 3 star hotel in Vegas. With that being said I was very pleased with my stay and the money that I paid. There were a couple snafus during check-in such as the first room given to me had the wrong bed and the second room had housekeeping still in it but the front desk was very accomodating and housekeeping was apologetic about it. I thought the room was good sized and clean. As long as a room in Vegas is clean, doesnt smell, has a bed and a shower I'm all good. What do you really use your room in Vegas for anyways? Just to sleep and get ready. I really enjoyed the pool area, I was concerned at first that it would be a little lame because of the city center blocking the sun and it being an older hotel there wouldn't be any good music to make it like a party atmosphere. But the city center had no impact on my experience and the pool had a DJ there that played good music all day. Loved the lazy river, definitely provided a lot of laughs for me and my friends. I would've given the Monte Carlo 5 stars but I was super disappointed in the gaming area. It just seemed so dead. Although from what I've been reading this is possibly a result of this recession our country is going thru. Definitely would stay here again, like I said totally worth what I paid.
4	I really liked my stay at the Monte Carlo. Vegas is Vegas and time to party. For me the room served its purpose, it was cheap, it had a comfy bed and the shower water pressure rocked. The hotel had a pleasant aroma of fresh flowers and not overpowering like the Venetian. I loved the pool. I was there for 5 hours each day drinking, eating and enjoying the lazy river and wave pool. Both were a lot of fun. Loved the lazy river and you totally don't need to pay the $14 for a tube. I think its more fun without one. Tip: buy a bottle of water in the gift shop for $4 to save a buck or 2 if you order outside at the pool bar. I would stay here again in second, only downside is gaming does kind of stink. But that's OK, I like going around to other casino's to play
2	I'm kind of a snob when it comes to service.  I like it.  I expect it and I know when its sub par, as it is as the Monte Carlo.  I don't think I have unrealistic expectaitons either.  The most recent time I stayed there was my second time.  I chose to stay there again because the rooms were reasonably priced and the hotel is centrally located. 2 pluses.  My first stay there I was with a big group of friends and missed some of the details that I noticed the second time when it was just one other friend and myself.  There was no information about the spa in the hotel room.  When I called dow the the concierge I was told I could come down and get one if I wanted.  Additionally there was no entertianment guide or lsiting to show what the T.V. channels were.  Little details, I know.  But little details can add up to one big less than stellar experience.  Additionally, i found their Premium Steak House: Brand, over priced and the staff rude.  I ended up at Gallagher's Steakhouse at New York - New York Hotel & Casino and it was perfect. I'll be checking out another spot on the strip the next time I'm in Sin City.
2	2.47 stars.Monte Carlo is about as mediocre a place as you can get.  I really see now why a lot of reviewers give it the 3-star.  There was really nothing wrong with it, but if you're going to Vegas, why not find a place that has some personality?  Everything that's good about Monte, some other place definitely does better.  Here we go:Room:  Plain, clean, functional.  Bed was not the most comfy, TV was weak (OK, so no one watched TV anyway), and the bathroom was standard.  Better rooms almost anywhere for the same price.  Non-strip view of the NYNY wasn't really that bad.  AC was ice-cold.Casino:  Boooooring.  This was probably the worst part.  Standard games, dealers were on the quiet side (one craps dealer, Robert, was TERRIBLE but another guy offset him).  Players' card (MGM Grand) is good for a lot of other casinos.  Better casino's at Mirage, NYNY, MGM Grand, Flamingo, or some of the low-roller joints.Pool:  Very good.  Lazy river was cool, cabana service was great.  DJ kept it loud, with enough Britney and Lady Gaga to go around.  The crowd, however, is a bit on the middle-aged side.  Felt like a topless hot tub with all the male boobs hanging out.  I didn't really notice until after going to Hard Rock for "Relax" but now YOU will.  Mirage, Flamingo, Palms, and Hard Rock all do it much better.Buffet:  Surprisingly GOOD!  Lot of selection, taco bar, roast meats, sushi, etc.  Did not have fresh seafood, though.  Service:  About as unnoticable as possible.  This is a good thing, but sometimes I just want a little low-roller attention.  Housekeeping forgot extra soap 2 days in a row.  Front desk was good, they knocked off the wi-fi that my buddy used by mistake.  Didn't use concierge.Can't say yes or no here.  I'd rather head back to Flamingo anytime for the same price.  Also not a big fan of the South Strip, as I prefer the next few blocks up...  Skip the Monte.
3	If you're looking for an affordable hotel in a good location while in Vegas, Monte Carlo is your place. I know I'll never be able to afford something like the Wynn or any of the other fancy hotels, and I'm fine with that. No one goes to Vegas to be in a hotel room, right? After staying at NYNY the year before, we decided to stay at the Monte Carlo this year to save some buckage. As long as a hotel room is clean, I can deal. However, some of the aspects of the Monte Carlo's room cleanliness were a bit questionable... we had a few not-sure-if-they're-clean-but-they're-super-crunchy towels and there was an interesting stain on the curtains... blood or nail polish? We decided to believe it was nail polish. Here's hoping. But, whatever. If you drink enough, you won't even notice these things.Aside from the room... we had excellent service from everyone working at the hotel. We befriended one of the Player's Club guys, which netted each girl a free $20 to gamble with every day... and my free $20 allowed me to win $250 on a slot machine. They essentially payed me to win... who can complain about that?? We scored a bunch of free buffet's from the wheel-o-free-stuff that was outside, and we definitely ate the hell out of that buffet.The only major downside is all the construction that is going on next door at the moment... it really kills the whole lay by the pool & relax vibe. You can't relax when you're too busy picking dust & dirt out of your drink, teeth & eyes. If you're looking to lounge by a pool, this is not a hotel for you (at the moment, anyways). It was apparently the windiest day in Vegas, ever, and people were freaking out about it. Vegas, I laugh at your "high winds"... you would most likely fall over if you spent a day in Chicago. Overall, I was fine with the Monte Carlo, even though there were a few cleanliness concerns on my end. I'll probably stay there again until I meet a sugar daddy that is willing to pay for a 5-star.
3	Well, after reading about 100 of these reviews on the Monte Carlo I finally went ahead and stayed there for a few days. Here's my two cents: On the Plus Side: -Very nice hotel staff-everyone from the valet parker to the bellman to the front desk. They were accommodating, friendly and they seemed to have a genuine interest in assisting you. -Reasonably priced -Different pools (wave pool, lazy river, hot tub, regular pool) -Good location, go to the right or left when you walk out and either way you'll find fun -Decent, clean enough room (although nothing special) -A handful of different food choices in the hotel On the Down Side: -DO NOT let the reservation guy on the phone tell you that the construction workers were all laid off and no more construction is going on-What a line of bs!!! When I got there I found out that not only IS there construction happening 24/7 but it's around 3/4 of the perimeter of the hotel AND the biggest construction project in all of North America-WTF???! -If you don't want to be annoyed as hell hearing other guests next door to you, make sure you request a room that is NOT conjoined with another. I had the joy of hearing those opposite me talking loudly at 7AM (I'm not a morning person) as if they were in the room with me which they almost were. (granted, the staff were cool about getting me another room) -Be sure to get alternate directions if you are driving. It was really frustrating to see the hotel practically right in front of me when I got off the freeway after a 4 hour drive and not be able to reach it due to the construction. The road you would usually turn on is blocked and I had to sit in LOTS of traffic and had to figure out how to get there another way. Frustrating! -I don't know where the "wheel of free stuff" was that someone else here mentioned but when I was there I got nothing complimentary at all despite the fact that the friendly front desk man knew it was my birthday and we had a very nice chat . Aren't you supposed to at least get a free buffet or a few gambling bucks?? -Last but DEFINITELY not least: The pool noise. Mind you, it's great to have pool choices like I mentioned above but the music is ALWAYS BLASTING. I like music like everybody else but this is NOT relaxing if you want to lie there and chill with a book--- and if you have a hangover-forget it!! Also, it would have been nice if they had mixed up the music more. It was all hip hop despite the crowd being somewhat older in general. At least shake it up with some 80's tunes or rock or something... Overall, not a bad choice but if any of the above are issues with you or if you're a light sleeper, you might want to stay somewhere else.
3	I'm not a Vegas Girl but Vegas is okay every few years. However, my mom and dad love Vegas. And when they go, we (my brother and sister and their families) HAVE to go as well.That's how Boyfriend and I ended up in Monte Carlo.  PARA LA FAMILIA. Family consensus.  Never mind that  BF and I wanted to stay at the Venetian which is my first choice for my forty winks in Vegas. It has to be where my mom and dad, sister, brother-in-law, baby, brother, etc. (you get the picture) stay.Monte Carlo is actually not bad:1. It is on the Strip right across New York, New York within walking distance to the Paris, Bellagio, etc.2. It's one of the few hotels with no gimmick. It's just what it is-- a hotel, not a theme park, a pyramid, a city in France, etc.  It is still opulent with marble floors and huge chandeliers.  3.  The rooms were decent although our bathroom had a tiny mold in it. But our room  on the 25th floor with the view of the Strip ($40 more), it was worth it to see Vegas come alive at night!  The hotel was loud but the rooms were quiet. 4.  Monte Carlo has Brands Steakhouse which was hip and contemporary as well as a so-so cheap buffet restaurant ($20 dinner)  and Diablo's Cantina Club/Restaurant. It has a spa and pool frequented by semi-nude, hot looking people.5. I can't really be hating on Monte Carlo since this is where Boyfriend and I won $1000 on a 25 cent slot machine. Yes!  (We only spent $20!)  My family could not believe it since they knew I don't gamble since I'm such a sour loser. (I'd rather go shopping!) Must be my beginner's luck!  6. What did we do with our winnings?      a. Check out my review of Smith and Wollensky Steakhouse. ;)     b. Boyfriend and I spent $50 on room service at 1 AM for champagne and potstickers which came on a round table with white linen which was wheeled into our room with all the cutleries and our nicely chilled bottle of champagne in a bucket.     c.  I treated my whole family to a lunch buffet.     d. Countless cocktails in souvenir glasses while walking on the Strip with my whole family to check out Caesar's Palace, Paris and watch the dancing water at the Bellagio (my dad's favorite.)Being with my family was equally fun and crazy.  This weekend was for the family but BF sneaked in a little romance on the side.  WHAT HAPPENED IN VEGAS HAPPENED.  I'm so glad it did!
4	Of course as a kid, Monte Carlo never interested me since there was no arcade. My boyfriend found a promo code for the Monte Carlo last year before we decided to book our trip. We ended up with a huge suite with two bathrooms! The room was nice and clean, the bed was super comfy which is nice when you're winding down after walking all day.The only thing I didnt like, was that we were right next to the elevator so we'd hear it ding every time someone was using it. Other than that, I would stay here again! I hope they bring the promo code back this summer!
2	With a spontaneous trip to Vegas, we needed a CHEAP hotel on the strip.  Looking online we saw Monte Carlo had a great deal for $171 for two night stay.  With 4 girls, we couldn't turn down that price.This is the first time staying at Monte Carlo and I have to say I wasn't really impressed by anything.  They had few amentities in the hotel such as shops and places to eat.  The rooms were not modern and beds were not that comfy at all.  Also, BEWARE of the construction going on around this place.  We were awoken every morning around 8 - 9 AM with banging noises.  Pretty annoying since we didn't go to bed until 4 AM every night. The plus side about this place was the awesome pool they had.  They had a great DJ playing all day along with a river pool and wave pool.  If It wasn't for the pool I probably would have given this place one star.
2	the rooms are crappy, the bed is really uncomfortable and the walls are paper thin.  You get 2 stars for all the free rooms you keep giving me.
3	This is the place if you want a relatively quiet, clean, cheap, and comfortable place to stay on the strip.  I would rather stay some place I could sleep and then walk to the more lively modern places on the strip.  The pool area was great.  My group got to the pool early for our pick of chairs.  If you don't come early, then your pretty much out of luck on where you want to sit or you just might not even get a place to sit!  I love summer.  Women and bikinis make me happy.  They played a variety of music catered to the 20's crowd.  They also have a variety of gambling tables and slots in the casino.  Las Vegas is the only place I've ever seen people loose money and still smile.  I would definitely stay at the Monte Carlo again.
4	The Monte Carlo treated me and my two girlfriends well, and I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a decent place to sleep and sun. The room was as basic as it gets and the subdued decor was a warm welcome after staying a previous night at the heavily themed Luxor. It's worth the price and location on the strip.I stayed this past weekend (6/8 to 6/10) and noticed the construction nearby for the new City Center. NOT A BIG DEAL! We had a mountainside view and only heard construction once in the middle of the afternoon. The poolside was great, but the music and atmosphere was definitely geared towards a younger crowd. Pool bar $7 drink special was also great. I was pleased with my stay and will return as long as the price is right.
4	I'm on a 9-day road trip, and we decided to stop in good ol Vegas for a few nights. After 3 days of camping and not showering, any hotel seemed good. To my surprise, we paid $105 for a two-night weekday stay! The rooms are simple and have everything you need.  The pools are big and they even have a lazy river.  The location is also top-notch on the strip. Nice food court inside.However, the casino was not very forgiving, but I partially blame my drunk self for that.
1	So I was skeptical about this place from the beginning of the planning stage for my trip, but the room rate was good and we were getting a spa suite which looked really cool.  Normally we try to stay at the venetian or bellagio but the pocket book was a bit light and a bargain seemed like a good idea.  This trip was to celebrate our first anniversary and it was our first true vacation since our wedding so needless to say we were very excited.   The night before our flight we called to confirm our room and it was all gravy.The next day we arrive and are told that there was a "problem with the suites" and we would be downgraded to a normal room.   I'm on my f'ing anniversary and only vacation this year and this is what I'm stuck with.  The "manager" wasn't even all that apologetic, in fact she was pretty indifferent, kind of like the treatment that we have all become accustomed to receiving from airline employees... the "I couldn't possibly care less about you" attitude.So we called the four seasons, they gave us a great rate with an UPGRADE to a room that has arguably the best view of the strip in all of Vegas and treated us like royalty for our whole trip (I'm gonna write a detailed review for them as well).Bottom line:  If it's a budget trip your looking for and all you need is a bed and toilet, I guess this place will suffice, but I would never (again) risk it for a special occasion or if you can afford better.
2	Monte Carlo is not a bad hotel. It has the basics: store, slots, and a few restaurants. It's nothing fancy but it'll work. We paid $49 for it which is probably the only reason why we stayed 4 nights. However, here were my problems with the hotel: - we checked in at 2:30 AM (a very long travel story) to them having all their computers down for maintenance. We were seriously penciled in and I had to provide my printed reservation to confirm the price we were paying. - when we were given our room, the receptionist actually said, "i can't tell you the state of this room because our computers are down"; what kind of rooms are you letting people stay in? - smoking room, smoking hall. see above 2 points for why this was given to nonsmokers - 26th floor. Okay, no complaint about actual floor, but we were 26 levels up and I could hear the pool music like it was outside my door. It played at a ridiculous high level until 5 pm every day. This does not add relaxation to a trip. - paper thin walls. Our neighbor received a phone call around 9 am every morning. They are apparently not light sleepers because it took about the 5th ring to answer this call every morning. I guess I should be lucky that's all I heard I think this would be a good hotel if you're only staying a night or two and plan to be in the casinos 24 hours
3	Casino+1 Love the Deal or Deal $0.1 machine.  +1 Dealers were patient with me as I played roulette for the first time.Hotel/Amenities+1 Pool Area is cool and close to the elevators unlike the MGM where you have to walk nearly a mile to get to the pool area.  They have a small wave pool. a lazy river, and a kiddie pool for the little ones.  -1 The drinks at the pool are super expensive though so get buzzed before you come.+1  You can find rates as low as $55 and cheaper if you are a Las Vegas resident. -1 You can still smell smoke in the non smoking room.  I recently stayed at a non smoking room in MGM and did not smell a hint of smoke because they designate the whole floor as non smoking.  -TV sucks and decor is outdated.I'd stay here again for the price and central location -solid 3 stars in my book.
3	I just got home from a 2 night stay at this hotel. We had a non-smoking room with two beds; the room was alright except there was a giant crack in the window. I work in hotels, so I know these things are somewhat common, but I'm surprised they would rent a room with a crack that big (maybe lack of communication, but whatever). Our view overlooked an ugly roof, but I didn't care; we weren't there to stare out the window. I was disappointed in the lack of soundproofing between rooms. Our room had an adjoining door with our neighbor, and we could hear everything! It wasn't even like they were being extremely loud (except for the music at 4:30 and 5am), but just them talking came right into our room. I wasn't really impressed with the guest service. The guy who checked us in-- no personality and not very helpful. How are you gonna tell us our room isn't ready but still give us keys and a two hour window? Were we supposed to wait around and hope it would be ready at 3pm rather than 5? The bell person was nice though, and so was the guy who checked us out, so maybe it was just the first guy but he left a bad impression. The pool was nice, crowded of course. I would stay here again. The rates are reasonable and the location makes it easy to get places. People were also saying they liked how the parking wasn't too far from the actual hotel, so that helps.
2	So it's my first trip to vegas and my bf decides to take me to Monte carlo, weird. We check in and head to our room. While he's trying to open the door, i notice that something is not right, oh well. We walk in, i put my bag down and i notice that the peep hole on the door is 3 H feet from the floor, so i quickly make a "midget" joke. I head to the restroom and notice that everything is not where it's supposed to be and here come more midget jokes.I opened the shower curtain and that's when it hit me....We're in a "handicapped" room!"babe, i told you that shirt made you look retarted".......So we call the front desk and asked to be moved, but they didnt bc they were "booked"  :(i wasnt myself that weekend
2	It's got to be one of the most boring and small casinos in that prime strip location.  I don't see any reason for people to visit unless they happened to get a cheap room deal there.  It's not terrible, just plain and featureless (other than the pool).Rooms - the rooms are clean and simple.  BUT, the sound insulation was terrible!  I can hear every word when my neighbors were talking, walking around, washing up, etc...  There's a door inbetween our rooms.  Looked like the gaps in the door were huge.  We were almost sharing the same room.  That's a bit uncomfortable since they were all girls.Gambling - there are not much slot machines.  They had "network problems' for a day while I was there.  The tables were not very full.  Crap tables mostly played with minimal bets.Pool area is not bad.  Small, but popular and got a small wave pool.  A party place.
3	not a bad hotel.  lobby is pretty, beds are comfy.  nice restaurant Diablos... but small casino, a bit dark, not happenin'.  and all the employees were sullen, not friendly at all.  We will definitely be staying at a different hotel next time.
2	The construction noise near the hotel was unbearable. Jackhammers everywhere building the City Center complex. Very loud at the pool. They try and cover up the noise with ultra loud bad rock music that just adds to the din. If you're planning on being by the pool a lot forget it. The rooms were ok but I've seen better. I'd consider staying there after construction ends if the rooms stay cheap. If not I can think of plenty of other options.
3	the pool won me over. i love lazy rivers.. and i dont have to get all dressed up and put my make up on because its more real and less superficial here... or maybe just no good looking people to impress? for the good deals, its worth staying here. we stayed in a standard the first 2 nights and had a spa suite the 3rd night. if you have a bunch of people and u can get the spa suite for a good deal, take it! theres a bar, a jacuzzi in the room, and a nice view! the people at the desk were always really nice and easy to talk to.. there were a few times when they forgot to bring us a bellman, or tried charging us 2 bucks for ranch when we got room service.. but its all good. i really didnt think it was a far walk from places on the strip.. and plus, it's nice to be at a particular location and explore things nearby more. we barely ever went to places near Wynn/Circus Circus because it was far but we went to Tropicana, Hooters, the m&m store and what not. it was fun! i know i have lots of Vegas trips ahead of me so no big deal, ill explore all of it sooner or later. and plus i like walking!
3	I'd definitely stay at the Monte Carlo again. Room service was excellent & considering it's vegas it had a pretty relaxing atmosphere. Not as crazy & loud as most hotels on the strip. Prices also a plus. However, don't expect much of a view; the city center towers over this place.Almost forgot.......Please go to the poolside bar and get a Blue Hawaiian, and make sure it's in the football cup. lol. I love it!!
3	Monte Carlo, why did you charge me more then you said you were going to? Why did you bring me a roll-away bed when I called to cancel? And why did you charge me two nights for the roll-away bed when I only used you for one? Finally, why did you guys steal my friend's pillow?The price is decent for a hotel like this. I got everything I requested for online, two queen sized beds and a non-smoking floor, hallelujah. I was the only one out of a group of fourteen that got exactly what she wanted from the hotel she stayed at. Umm... what else? The pool looked kind of small, but I can't justify it's true size because I didn't really get poolside. The lawn chairs looked cushy, though. The interior and exterior are beautiful. Nothing too special about our room, just a room that you stay at on the Strip after a night of drinking and partying with cheating wives and guys tha look like they are from "That's 70's Show".
3	Monte Carlo is great for location, Diablos restaurant, Andres cognac lounge (upstairs) and good BJ tables. .. but.. the rooms are just basic type rooms - tub/shower combos, plain bedspreads, etc.  for the majority of rooms. There are some spa rooms and such but for that price you can stay elsewhere.. They do a good slot tournament also if you are a slot player!
3	i was curious about when monte carlo was built so began to look it up online and found that it was built with the aim to attract middle income tourists.  haha nice i remembered it still being built when i came here as a kid.it is seriously outdated compared to its counterparts on the strip. its one saving grace is its pool which has a lazy river and a small wave pool.  nothing compared to the one at the mandalay of course but still a plus.  there are a ton of families here.   the lazy river is so warm you would think everyone and their mamma took a piss in it before you got in.the one thing that the four of who stayed in the room noticed that upon entering the monte carlo building there is a distinct toilet smell.  the whole place smells like bathroom and we didnt know why. maybe something wrong with the HVAC systemthe bathroom has small with one sink.  the covers are the old style thin kind. in order to get to the main entrance/the strip you have to walk across the whole casino.i am not sure i would stay here again.
3	We settled on this casino and resort on one of our recent trip to sin city. We arrived really early in the morning, 5am, so the check in was super fast and efficient. BUT when we got to the room and requested a roll away bed, it took them a good hour to get that sucker to our room .. errr?? what happened monte carlo?? The room itself was overall ok. The sheets were soooo tough against my skin.  I'm not saying I'm used to luxurious (ok I am, lol jk), but it was not comfortable at all. The a/c unit was fairly loud so throughout the night, it would wake me up. The pool area was small and crowded.  I wish they would have a better pool but then they made it up for the lazy pool I suppose.  I'm not a smoker so I am not a fan of casinos period as smoke was everywhere; a puff to the left, to the right .. and right in front of my face =\ Nor am I a gambler so I can't comment on the gambling experience. I'm just a lurker who does not know what is going on with the tables in front of her. We also had brunch at the cafe here and it was disappointing. The wait to get our food was outrageous as there was less than a handful of people dining there. I ordered a chicken sandwich and my sandwich came out super soggy on the bottom from the juice of the chicken.  Guess it was sitting there for too long....Would I stay here again, probably .. as it is a fairly decent place with a decent price tag.  But then most people are out and about walking/playing in the city .. so yes, I would stay here again.
3	I'm going to have to agree with the masses about the Monte Carlo. It's nice but doesn't have as much character as some of the other casinos on the strip. The Bellagio, Venetian & the Wynn just to name a few, are all beautiful and have more to offer than the Monte Carlo. I got a room complimentary here for the last 2 days of my trip and I have to say it's nicer than the Imperial Palace. Which casino isn't though?I checked in, dropped my bags off and chilled at the pool area. They had a lazy river and a wave pool which I took advantage of which was nice. After the pool, I did a little poker at the poker room for a couple of hours before I met up with my group for dinner and drinks!Another average hotel on the strip. Maybe a little nicer than average.
3	This is my second time staying here and the reason why we keep coming back?  Price.  It's not a bad place to stay but like Chelsea P. said, it's a "little mundane".  The room was adequate and clean.  The pool area has got a regular pool, a lazy river pool, and a wave pool.  Be sure to stake your spot especially if it's a holiday weekend. (We went for the 4th of July and good Lord, it seemed as if every inch of the pool area was filled.)  However, it's a good place for people watching.  The food court is pretty convenient for a morning pick-me-up or lunch.  Right now, there is some heavy construction going on next door so the walk from MC to Bellagio is a loooong, covered concrete walkway.    I would consider coming back again but would like to check out the other hotels.
3	I'm also going to have to agree with just about everyone.  Monte Carlo is a cheap nice place, I mean you can get a room almost the same price a some of the older run down places there on the strip.  However, something bothered me about it this trip.  Maybe it was b/c it was surrounded by construction on what seemed to be 3 of 4 sides, but something wasnt' that great.  The famous Dante's bar or whatever it was called is horrible!  I would recommend NOT going in there and giving them more of your money for horrible service and not very good food either.  I'm sure that I will end up staying there again at some point, but I will look for other deals prior to booking there.
4	i stayed here two nights and i would defiantly come again. It's not as fancy as the other hotels but we weren't in Vegas to stay in our room! The  standard rooms are reasonably priced and are neat and clean, just like the pictures here on yelp!  The pools were my selling point because i really wanted to get some swimming done.  They have a wave pool, it wasn't on the day I was there but it was cool because i hung out in the river pool, lots of fun! rent a tube if your there.  I didn't plan on eating fast food while i was there but they had a pretty convenient food court for when we got hungry after the pool and didn't want to go back to the room and change. Overall good place to stay right on the strip.
3	The Monte Carlo in Vegas is not nearly as nice as the real place but it's an okay Hotel on the strip.  It's kind of inbetween the worst and the nicest hotels.  I've walked through it a couple times but there's nothing really I can recall that catches the eye.  It's a pretty simple place and it has lower limits if you want to gamble smaller here instead of the high minimums of some of the other hotels such as Caesars, or Bellagio.  It gets three stars.
4	I really enjoyed staying here. The staff is awesome. They have a wave pool and their own brewery!  You can't go wrong with a place that's making the beer!  The rooms are comfy and the beds are super soft, which suits me just perfectly.  The staff here really went out of their way for us and were so very helpful, I do have to remove 1 star though because of one particular blackjack dealer who seemed to be having a bad day and was a little rude - but, even with that I still recommend this hotel/casino to everyone!
2	Spend an entire week here, and see how much you like 'em then!Granted, I've never tried staying at the classically crappy strip hotels like the Imperial or Treasure Island (maybe?) but this one, wow. First, the walls were SUPER thin. I could hear everything, and being in Vegas, 10 guesses on what I heard the most.... My coworker (for example) experienced hearing a group of girls (in the next room) come home from a club, argue, get in a drunken fist fight, and get thrown out of the hotel by security (after he made 2 calls to the front desk)--all in the privacy of his room. No wake up calls here. Because if the construction at 4AM didn't wake you up, the roller coaster next door will keep you awake all night anyway. Restaurants here sucked. Their house "Cafe" (where their room service comes from, btw) was extremely gag-worthy. The brewery is a decent place to get a drink and watch sports on their large screen, but if you are planning to eat, I'd really suggest going to a different hotel, or just filling up with more beer. Because believe me, if they couldn't get the Chicken Wings and Burgers to taste good, I suspect they can't get anything else to taste good either. I stayed here for an entire week during a tradeshow, and I will never come back. I gave this hotel 2 stars for being cheap, having a nice lobby, and for not catching on fire while I was there. Thanks, Monte Carlo!
3	Clean and decent. Very affordable place to stay. It is your typical average size room. My 3 stars represent a decent hotel on the strip in Vegas. I would give 5 stars to places like the Venetian, Bellagio and Encore.
4	I got a great deal at the MC and quite enjoyed my time there. It wasn't overcrowed like some of the strip hotels, and the rooms were clean and easy to get to from the main casino floor. The MC is positioned at a nice area of the strip and makes it easy to walk to either the south or north strip area. The pool area does get crowded early so you have to stake out your lounger by early morning. The frozen drinks were a bit pricey ($17 a pop in a sounvenir glass) but I guess I made up for it on the Blackjack table.  All in all, very fair price, clean rooms, and attentive staff. The table limits are a bit lower also than some of the Strip hotels, you can always find a $5 blackjack table as opposed to the $10-15 minimum at some of the other hotels.
3	Yeah it's swanky but the Monte Carlo gave me that eh feeling. It really doesn't seem to offer much or at least anymore then some of the lesser hotels. The rooms were nice but the bed/pillows were too hard. I will give credit to the service it was excellent and they are smart enough to have staff on hand during the day to take care of people. With only one show going on now and it being a magic show you're better off somewhere else. Maybe it's because I lost money here that I'm not so thrilled but really it was kind of boring. Brand Steakhouse -located inside the Monte Carlo We only had drinks and it's pretty much just because we couldn't find anywhere better to have a night cap. It was expensive and the service was very slow and kind of rude to some people.
4	I enjoyed staying at this hotel. The rooms were spacious and the beds were comfortable. The staff was extremely welcoming and helpful. The concierge Michael had helped get our group on the guest list for nightclubs and made sure our stay was fun. Prices for the Monte Carlo are affordable and reasonable. It is located on the strip, so it's easy access to the other hotels. They did have construction going on next door, but my group and I didn't hear any of the noise. Our flight was later in the evening, and the hotel was willing to give us a courtesy late checkout of 1pm. I wouldn't mind staying here again, however I do prefer Bellagio.
4	This place is a solid 3.5 stars in terms of quality of the room, pool, etc, but the great rate I got is going to bump it up to a 4!This was my first time staying at the Monte Carlo. The staff we encountered (valet, front desk, etc.) were all very courteous and helpful. Our room was decent size, clean and for the most part comfortable. I may have high expectations when it comes to linens *SNOB ALERT*, I prefer down comforters and pillows, so I was slightly disappointed that they had neither. I also have had back problems, and this mattress was a little too soft for me, but I'm sure comfortable for "normal" people =)  Other than that the temperature was easily adjustable to our preferences, the A/C didn't turn the room into a meat locker. One of the reasons I wanted to stay here was I've been longing to spend some time in a lazy river, and according to their site, they have one. Perhaps I'll need to head to Raging Waters to satisfy that longing,  because what I was envisioning wasn't quite what was at the Monte Carlo. It's on the small side, and I wasn't willing to shell out $12 for a tube rental. Either way, my bf and I enjoyed the pool and jacuzzi. The pool area is clean despite it being very crowded on that particular Sunday afternoon. The sweet rate I got was thanks to my MGM players club, I get emails on occasion from their casino marketing team, which you have to call in to take advantage of as opposed to booking online. I'm no high roller when it comes to Vegas, let's just say it really does PAY to look like an old gramma w/ your players card (bungee cord included so you don't forget it!) plugged into the slot machines while you gamble away.This wasn't the BEST place I've ever stayed in Vegas, but definitely an option for when I return.
3	Monte Carlo was not a bad place, but not a true Vegas experience.  It felt like any other resort hotel.  What I did like was their pool area.  So many options, but sadly they close it at 7pm.  The casino was okay, not too busy.  Food court was pricey, but if you are hungry check it out. But I felt you get more for your buck at the buffet just a few feet up the casino.Our room was clean.  No complaints for that.  What I was disappointed in was they didn't have free internet!  Living in the Bay Area I guess I am spoiled with all the free wi-fi areas.  The hotel felt very child friendly, so good times if you have kids.  Most of the staff were super friendly.  Overall not a bad place.
2	pros... an okay hotel in vegas.  good location, you can get to most other places pretty easily, when traffic permits.  right across the street from game works and the big m & m store as well.  our suite was big, clean, nicely furnished and the bed was very comfortable.  all you would expect from a hotel of this price range.   the only other good thing was the front desk clerk.  our csr was named phoung and she helped us out very quickly and was very cheerful as well.  cons... the hotel is showing it's age.  went here when it had first opened, and it was so much more of a vegas hotel.  now it's luster has gone and it is just another hotel that just happens to be on the las vegas strip, nothing special.  it's not super bad but for the price it's not really worth it either. the other thing which was missing was a good place to eat, like a restaurant on the ground floor or something.  i didn't much expect to see just a sign saying, "buffet" and "diner" or something to that effect.  the food was edible but nothing special.  the one other good thing is that you can get a 2 for 1 deal on the breakfast.  the elevators were in horrible shape.  doors all banged up and scratched, it's not so much the appearance of the doors, yeah they are elevator doors, but they didn't even close right.  if you happen to be nice and hold the door open for a straggler, the alarm would sound, and then the doors would slowly, noisily, screech their way close.  one door had a large gouge taken out of it, and was severely dented.  not once in the 4 days that i was there, did i see anyone cleaning or wiping down the elevators.  in other hotels along the strip they have whole battalions of people cleaning, dusting, moping, sweeping, and polishing anything that wasn't human.  that was not the case at this hotel. as for the rest of the casino, it was typical las vegas, confusing carpet patterns, every where you look, looks exactly the same so you get lost inside the casino.  the lights are perpetually muted so you don't know what time it is.  the heavy oppressive smell of smoke, you don't see the smoke but you can really smell it.  t.v. here sucked.  my buddy's room had a poltergeist t.v. which turned on in the middle of the night and would turn off, remote would change channels and volume but wouldn't turn it off, and even the button on the actual set wouldn't turn it off.  oh and our room didn't even have the "do not disturb" door tag, or any note paper as well.    all in all a pretty disappointing hotel to stay at.  i would expect this type of hotel off the strip, nothing fancy about the front, nothing eye catching, nothing to say, "hey look at me and come in for a good time".in fact, this hotel should be moved out somewhere off the strip.  it's like a second class hotel charging first class prices.  not a good place.  i would rather stay next door at new york, new york then here.
3	Stayed at the Monte Carlo on my first trip to Vegas three years ago. The resort is what I would consider understated elegance by Vegas standards. The rooms are nice and comfy, the lobby, restaurants, and casino are elegant.. Everything is nice, elegant, and simple.Nice, elegant, and simple is the problem though. Vegas is a tacky, over the top city and one expects there hotel to be over the top and tacky. I always said that Vegas is the kind of city that looks like it was designed by Liberace. Vegas allows you to marvel at decor that one would normally find ugly and tacky. The Monte Carlo is a nice, comfortable, and has a great location. All the ammenities are nice. The only issue is that the Monte Carlo isnt quite "Vegasy" enough... No compliants but was missing that umph.
3	Heads up!  They just converted the 32nd floor.  Check out this new hotel feature...http://www.hotel32lasvegas.com/Located on the top floor of Monte Carlo Resort & Casino, HOTEL32 offers an exclusive escape that savvy travelers search for but seldom find; a celebrity VIP experience available to all. As a guest of HOTEL32, all reservations include the following services and amenities:* Round-trip airport limousine service to and from McCarran Airport.
3	I'm considered a kid lol so I must say that it was pretty okayy. I mean it wasn't bad, but the first room we stayed in, it smelled like smoke :P And we specifically asked for a non-smoking room, but they gave us a room that smelled really badd. Later on they gave us a better room near our cousins/family ( i went with my grandparents and cousins )
3	it's kind of an old hotel so we didn't expect much so we weren't too disappointed. it's affordable and makes sense if you won't be spending much time in your room. the pool isn't the best either...
3	Will not stay again.The only reason for 3 stars was because I stayed on a weekday and it was cheap, less than $60 per night.  Otherwise ratings would would be much lower.This "3.5 - 4 star hotel" for this Hotel-Casino is based on amenities only.  The rooms are plain.  The covers/blankets on the bed are made of the cheap, brown blanket with bedsheet combo found at cheap motels.  There is no fridge.  No hot water heater.  The TV is CRT and not even flat-screen CRT.  The gym is $19/day.  Internet is 14.99/day.  Ridiculous.On the plus side, customer service was excellent.
3	The room is nice, we had a great view of NY NY & the sunset off in the distance. The shower had great water pressure. The lady at the front desk was a bit useless---didn't quite understand the concept of 'adding a name' to the reservation. The craps tables are nice (typical MGM felt, a little on the softer side, the way I like). Overall feel of the hotel is nice. The pools on the other hand are a miserable existence. They were dirtier than the water in Hong Kong - bottles, straws, and other junk was floating in the water - it was just disgusting and the towels were a scary shade of light brown (that was supposed to be white). I recommend the rooms - they're a good price for the decent location & the comfort... do not go here if you want a lot of pool time (I'd recommend Mandalay for that).
3	Stayed here over a weekend. Their parking lot was not yet finished, so we ended up parking in a lot next to the NY NY parking structure. Nicely decorated front desk area with quick check in. Our room was decent sized with two queen beds with very comfortable mattresses. Overall, the casino theme is a little generic, but there was a nice variety of slot machines and table games to browse around. Not too busy and a decent location on the strip. Not sure if I would spend as much to stay here again.
4	So this place charges extra for everything, except for the free water bottles that the maids leave in your room each day. However, the rooms are are very home-ie.  The gym is about 20 bucks per day, internet is 15 a day, and no there is no one around for free to piggie back free wi-fi off of (at least not on the 30th floor where I was). They have a food court with subway, sbarro, rubios, mcdonalds, and starbucks. They also have a great buffet, a steakhouse, and a cafe. The staff was really helpful and nice. I have no reason not to go back. If you have a ton of money, stay at one of the ritzy hotels, but this was affordable, nice, and on the strip. No complaints.
1	My friends and I recently went to Vegas.  We stayed at the Monte Carlo and it was a great disappointment.  The lobby looked super sweet and clean.  The rooms are not up to par.  There were stains on the carpets and stains on the sheets.  Super grody.  Will not be staying here again.  :(
1	one star for the nice lobby, friendly staff and clean bedding. now for the hates:the tv sucked. no premium stations, the info button on the tv control didn't work. the bathroom fan didn't work and the toilet seat, bathroom counter, and shower head were very outdated. the bath water came out super strong, immediately filling up the tub, until you turned on the shower. towels were covered in wrinkles like they'd been sitting in a basket for days before being folded. there were red stains all over the carpet (looked to be some cheap-ass strawberry hill remnants), no coffee maker in the room (so you are forced to buy an overpriced starbucks drink in the lobby) and the damn "do not disturb" sign flew off the door handle every time the door was opened. would not stay there again.
4	3.5 stars! We have been staying here for quite a few years and always have great service and nice clean rooms! With business being slow, we are offered comps here and just got back from a recent stay! Stayed in a great room and were treated and comped VERY well. Not over the top fancy or anything, just more old school vegas! Go stay here if you do NOT want all the traffic from the visitors....
3	2.5-3.  I can't decide which.  The check-in lines were hugely disorganized and there was a random pill (yup, a unmarked PILL) on my friend's bed when we stayed there.  We picked it because we wanted a cheaper place that was within a reasonable walking distance to Mandalay Bay for a concert (because MB is too expensive).  So this place did the job.  We walked to Excalibur and caught the tram.  MC has nice decor and the BRAND Steakhouse we ate at was pretty good, but if I wasn't so cheap, I'd have stayed at a different place.
3	The Monte Carlo wasn't my first choice to stay in Vegas, but the price was right for a weekend getaway. The hotel and casino is pretty much thin and long to walk from the back out to the Strip. The rooms are decent and clean but nothing overly wowing. There is a Food Court with a McDonald's, Starbucks, Panda Express. Longest lines I've ever seen at a Starbucks except for LAX in the morning. The pool is just OK. There was a DJ but the way the area is situated that a lot of the chairs do not get sun until the afternoon since it's blocked by other buildings. There is a lazy river which is nothing compared to the one at the MGM. There is also wave pool which was nice. The pool bar is ridiculously priced, even more so than expected in Vegas ($75 for 2 salads, a turkey wrap, and 2 alcoholic drinks). Bottles of water are $5, they will not give you tap water, but they will give you a cup with ice and then you need to fill it up at the water fountain near the bathrooms. Check-in/out was relatively simple and easy. Not long of a wait for someone to help you. The parking deck for self-parking is large and it's free. It's in the way back of the hotel but it's really not too long of a walk to the elevators to the rooms. Clientele ranged the gamut to bachelorette parties, families, young groups of guys, older couples and retirees. Plenty of tables ranging from $5 to $100+ minimum. Lots of slots, many only 1, 2 or 5 cents. Diablo's Cantina right out front was the happening place - still going strong at 3 am when we walked by.
3	Just back and still tired from my weekend partying in Las Vegas. For what we were looking for this hotel met our needs. Well priced and good location. The hotel itself if a 3 out of 5. I had reserved a room with a king bed and they were out when I checked in and I wound up with 2 doubles (not even queen beds). I notice little things when I travel like wallpaper peeling in the bathroom and showers in need or re-grouting. It's annoying to look at. For the little amount of time I spent in the room it was fine. I cannot say that about the pool area which was sad looking. Yes people enjoyed themselves, but it was hard to find any chair in the sun and they want $12 for a tube rental in their super small lazy river. The good deal to be had is a large reusable plastic drinking cup is $16 for your first drink and only $12 to refill. As far as the casino- SUPER SMOKEY. They need an upgrading air system.Would I stay here again, sure. I saved money that I spent out and about in the city and at other casinos.
4	Great value, lots of choices.Rooms aren't super-luxe, but adequate.  I think we got a low rate due to the construction next door, which never bothered us anyway.Pros:- Great rates for rooms- Lazy river & wave pool are super fun & family-friendly- Food court including a Subway & Starbucks inside the hotel.  I loved having my routine creature-comfort food there instead of having to pay for a gourmet meal every time I ate.- Located right next to New York, New York (where our Cirque du Soleil show was) and within walking distance of the Miracle Mile & other casinosCons:- When we checked in & went up to our room, there was a family already inside.  WTH?  Because of it, we were upgraded to basically the same room, but with a better view.- Room smelled like smoke.  It's Vegas.  What are ya gonna do?- No free wifi?? Boo.
2	The last time I stayed here was during Comdex in 1999 or 2000.  I would be happy to review the room, but I am confident it was renovated since that time.  If not....ouch.The casino is pretty old-school for how recently it was built.  I have played here a few times over the years when I was looking for somewhere to play other than the nearby MGM Grand where I was staying.  Nothing that memorable has happened here for me.Lance Burton still has a show here.  I have never seen him, and have often wondered who does.Recently, a mexican restaurant called Diablos opened on the Strip in front of the Monte Carlo.  I have not yet been there, but a local bartender friend of mine said the food was pretty good.I never understood this property or who they are trying to capture as an audience.  I usually walk right by, but maybe that will change after City Center opens up next door.  Time will tell.
3	I have probably stayed at the Monte Carlo about 4 to 5 times over the span of my lifetime. Each time was a decent time spent here - however I realized this past stay it's pretty FAR from the clubs and restaurants I like to frequent. Below is a review of my most recent stay this past weekend - one nighter trip folks. The Monte Carlo is slowly becoming one of those old Vegas hotels like the Flamingo and Imperial Palace. Pros:+ Room rates are great + Room was decent size+ They have a Casino War table+ Friendly staff (Valet, Check-In, Restaurant staff) Cons:- Room temperature was just never right (too warm or too cold) - Sink and tub clogged everytime someone used it (We had to wait in between showers - LAME!) - Food selection besides food court was very limited, it seemed as if the only moderately priced restaurant was the Cafe or Diablo's Cantina. - The $10.95 Resort Fee that is mandatory charged for amenities I did not take advantage of. Besides the two mini sized water bottles they left in the hotel room. I guess there are more cons to this hotel, however for someone that doesn't really sleep when I'm in Vegas my bank account appreciates the concious effort to save money on the hotel stay.
3	Really the Monte Carlo is 2 1/2 stars.  This hotel is more impressive on the outside than on the inside.  The decor inside was blah and the gaming is seriously lacking.  When me and my boyfriend checked in we "upgraded" to a strip view room for $10.00 more a night...but the lady failed to tell us that the room had two queen beds and not one king bed.  We managed anyways.  Their rooms are even less impressive than their casino.  The window tint was starting to peel at the top of the window...very cheap looking.  The best part of the room was the shower and I enjoyed many long relaxing showers!  They also add a $10.00 resort fee per night for two tiny bottles of water and for the use of their telephone for local calls.   That's a little shady to me.  They don't have very many restaurant options, and they have NO shops...other than the one or two that sold the cheap trinkets and the overpriced sundries.  On the positive side they did have a good sized food court that is right next to the hotel rooms.  The room was at an O.K. price but I would never pay full price to stay at this hotel.  There is just way too much competition, especially with the new City Center that is opening right next to them in December.  I will be looking at other hotels for my future visits.  Good Luck Monte Carlo...you'll need it!!!
2	We've been coming here for the last 10 years and our last 2 visits have left me disappointed.Our trip here last year really sticks out in my memory because when we got to the room the toilet had a HAIR on it (actually I think it was 2), and I'm not talking about a hair from your head!  It was extremely disgusting and I called housekeeping right away.  Just shows that they're not cleaning and sanitizing the toilet seat after every guest checks out of that room, which leads me to think well whatelse may they be slacking on?  Sheets!!  I don't even wanna think about it!So this years trip, forgetting all about the HAIR incident, I decide to book us a room here again, being that it is the most reasonably priced decent casino on the main area of the strip.  We check in, I had a non smoking room with a king sized bed reserved, and they tell me they have no king sized beds available, it's only about 6:30pm, how could they possibly be out already?  WHATEVER, we took the room anyway and check out our 2 queen sized beds, so my hubby and I each get our own bed, okay I'm over it now.  I go in the bathroom, no hair on the seat, but the floor is visibly dirty, gotta give it up for their immaculate housecleaning staff again!  2nd year in a row! Needless to say, I doubt we'll be returning to stay at the Monte Carlo again!  EVER!BTW - when you take a shower, you'll pretty much be standing in a pool of your own dirty water, the drains always seem to be clogged and don't drain fast enough.
4	I liked this hotel because it is situated between a lot of other interesting hotels just South of the center of the Strip and it was easy for my elderly in-laws to get from the room to the casino or for something to eat. Pros:Decent food court (Starbucks, McDonald's, Sbarro, Subway)Casino with nice games and that doesn't completely reek of cigarette smokeRestaurantsClean spacious roomsCons:No fan in bathroomBar soap provided smelled awfulNo real shopping to speak ofVery small outdoor pool and hot tubCrappy $10 daily "resort" fee that includes nothing I utilizedOverall I would stay here again for the price and location. Plus they were accommodating when we checked in (four hours early, no less) and asked for two rooms close by each other and the elevators so my in-laws didn't have far to walk.Tip: Go across the street to that food court if you want ice cream. It's Dreyer's (aka Edy's) so it's better, plus it's cheaper than the place in this hotel. Try the gelato, it's very yummy!Visit Date: 11/16/09-11/18/09
3	The hotel is neat and very well priced. The only negatives were that I booked a room with a king bed and found my wife and I in a room with two queens. I called the front desk and they changed my room with no questions asked. In my new room my side lamp didn't work. They didn't wash our glasses after the first night. There was a plate of cream pie lying outside a room in the passage for the entire weekend.  It was never removed.All in all we had a great time and the hotel is in a great location. Good value for money. BTW the latte in Cafe' restaurant is delicious!
2	I stayed here in March with a few girlfriends on a girls Vegas trip. The only reason we picked the Monte Carlo was because the place seemed to be okay and the price was much better than many of the other places. I guess I should have known as there was some activity going on the weekend we were there (i.e. Spring Break ...) and all the other hotels were equally expensively prepared except for the Monte Carlo.The Monte Carlo was just one disappointment after another. First, they were doing construction on their parking garage so you could either park in a very tiny lot that filled up quickly near the hotel or risk a cold 10 minute walk in the March Vegas weather to the entrance. Not very well thought out for its patrons indeed. Their check in was okay but their baggage service was forced upon us even though we declined. Who does that? And the rooms were okay, the bathrooms need better ventilation and they seriously need to remodel. This place isn't even on the strip as you have to drive through a very long road / side drive way to get to the actual strip. Now that City Center is up it essentially blocks out Monte Carlo's view of the strip altogether and completely overshadows the place.It doesn't even have any good restaurants or casino area as the buffet was $20 / person on a weekend and there was like ... nothing appetizing. With all the other fantastic options on the strip I definitely would not stay here again in the future.
3	This hotel has a great location on the strip, the rooms seemed clean-ish, but was lacking in some of the little things that make some other Vegas hotels that little bit nicer, if not pricier.The best thing about this hotel is the price and location.The bedding seemed old, the blanket was scratchy, and I felt like the itchy blanket and bedspread had hidden herpes on it. Maybe it was just my imagination because I hate those hotel blankets. Much would have preferred those lovely duvets that some hotels have.The bath products that were left for us looked like they had promise, but left my hair limp and difficult to comb out. The conditioner clearly did not condition. Yes, those little things make a difference for me.Real shocker was how expensive the food court is - Starbucks was at least a dollar more than in Chicago, and I guess their Subway never heard that $5 footlooong song - the least expensive sub was a $6 - for a 6 inch!The $10 resort fee pissed me off, even though I expected it from when I booked, because all you got was basically 2 small bottles of water and free local calls. Um, ok.The casino wasn't too smoky, and had a few fun games, although the service was a bit lacking - you had to practically pounce on a waitress to get you a drink. We particularly liked the video blackjack games that you could bet 25 cents a hand. What - we're not big gamblers!Overall, next time I'm in Vegas I think I would splurge that $20-$30 extra a night and stay somewhere a bit newer and nicer.
4	come on guys.  really 3 stars?  well, ya, you're probably right.  the hotel's quality is 3 star.  but my review is giving it an extra star... why?  because, damn, you're in a decent hotel RIGHT in the middle of the strip and you're paying like 50 bucks a night.  you'd have to stay at imperial palace to get rates like that.  also, this place has a smaller wave pool (can't compare to mandalay) and a cool lazy river.  yeah, so the patrons of the pool are fat and ugly middle americans, but hey, that just makes you look all the hotter right?  i mean, you're not competing with hotties at mandalay or mirage right? you're competing with people that look like goerge costanza  right?  so anyway, given the fact that I have easy access to the places i really want to go, and can lounge around in a great pool, I give this place an extra star.  also, the rooms are not modern.  but they are still clean.  so if you want to stay on the strip, and be close to stuff you really like, and just want to lounge by the pool, come here.   you won't be sorry.  but if you're lookin for a hip luxe experience?  go to mirage or mandalay.  oh one more word of advice... the old "SLIP THE FRONT DESK PERSON A 20 FOR AN UPGRADE TRICK" DOES NOT WORK HERE!!!   their computer systems are set up so any upgrades are flagged and then must be explained. yes, i asked last time.  if you're lookin for awesome upgrades, try Planet Hollywood.  you'll get the best bang for your buck!
3	I chose to stay here for my most recent visit because of the location and discounted price that I had found on some travel website (obitz? expedia? I don't remember which one.)  I stayed here 10 years ago and remembered it as being a nice place, but 10 years has really aged this place.  Not to say it's not nice - it was clean and accommodated my needs for a place to sleep while in Vegas - it just really showed its age from the dated fixtures and decor to the warn carpets and wall coverings.  The biggest disappointment was the missing "complimentary water bottles" that were supposed to be in our room.  These were supposed to be included in the $9.50/night resort fee, but they were nowhere to be found.  Other than that, my stay was fine.  Nothing stood out as being exceptionally good, no real bad surprises either.  I would stay here again if the price was right; I'd just as easily pick somewhere else if their price was better.
3	Been to the Monte Carlo a few times and found a great deal on Orbitz.com. Overall the hotel is still clean and nice, and the rooms are really decent. All the services here are up to par - housekeeping is friendly and concierge people are also quite friendly.One complaint was the air ventilation in the room was pretty bad..it was busting out cold air even though our temperature was set to 70degrees. Pretty annoying.I have to admit though, the blackjack dealers here are pretty awesome. Look out for Mariola or Carole Ann, and mention that you heard about them via Yelp =D They usually work the 8-4am shift and at the $5 or $10 tables. They are super friendly and hilarious, and will leave you entertained for hours into the wee morning.Overall, I wouldn't mind staying here again, especially for the price, but I do think there are many nicer options these days...this is simply a great alternative if you're looking for a decent place on a budget. It also has the convenient brand new tram that operates to City Center & Bellagio! It runs daily until 4AM and stops only for 2 hours..between 4AM-6AMHappy Vegas-ing!PS: We got upgraded to strip view for FREE just by being nice...no $20 trick.
3	I booked a room here for the Las Vegas Rock N' Roll Marathon weekend.  They had a special rate for us runners...$110 a night.  I didn't exactly search for other deals, so I hope that really was a good rate!  I chose this hotel since it was only about 1 mile away from the start of the race.  There were 4 of us, so I got a room with 2 queen beds.  The beds were ok, but the pillows were a bit flat to me.  The bathroom was pretty spacious.  They only gave us 3 towels, but house keeping was very quick to respond to our phone call and bring us extra towels.The rodeo was in town for the week, so there was some event happening outside, and it woke me up at 9am on Saturday morning!  They were also playing country music in the casino all weekend.  I have nothing against country music, but I really don't think I could gamble and listen to it all night long.  I was able to get a late checkout, so we were able to take our time and shower after our half marathon.  Overall, the service here was good, and the rooms are decent.  I would probably consider this hotel again if I decide to run the race again next year.
1	I try never to be the customer who complains.. But customer service at this place just sucks so bad.I can totally understand when you're having trouble with your payout system with the slot machines. What I don't understand is why do you keep letting people use the machines despite them not being able to get their winnings or even their remaining balance back. After waiting for over 40 minutes, we gave up because we had to go somewhere else.Also, I'm sure they're frustrated as well. But I got nothing but attitude from the casino staff after I complained about this. I would've sympathized with them more if they weren't such d!cks. Thanks for ruining our Christmas vacation. We won't be staying with you ever again in the future.
3	This has become my once a year hotel when I come to vegas.  It's clean, reasonably priced and is close to many of the places you'd want to visit but may not want to spend an extra $100+/night to stay at.  We paid $66 for Christmas eve for a room with a view of the City Center, which is what we wanted to see in the first place.  The Monte is clean, comfortable and the staff are friendly.  The main gripe I have is the $10/day "resort fee."  As other have mentioned, you get access to the exercise equipment, a newspaper and two small bottles of water, oh, and local and 800# phone calls.  What a joke, but I guess many businesses are trying to find ways to add nickels and dimes to the bottom line.  Even with the resort fee, the rate was much lower than anything in that area.  Also, the parking is a breeze.As a previous poster mentioned, they had problems with the computer system with means people need to wait a long time to get paid if they want to cash out their winnings at the machines.  Also, it affected the check in on Christmas day.  I couldn't express check out so I stood in line for 40 minutes (only two parties ahead of me).  I hope they got that fixed, because it would be a disaster in the evening for check ins.Anyway, the Monte is a ok to me and a great value in that area.
2	This Hotel is a little past it's prime......was there for Xmas '09 with the family...and was lured by its 3 nites for the price of two deal.  I arrived around 11PM...the line for Check-in was long...as they had the "individual lines" method instead of "one big line" method, which makes check in much longer, but it "looks" better.  Despite ordering 2 Bd, non-smoking, they said they only have 1 King rooms.  After complaining, they put me into a 2 bd smoking room since they ran-out of non-smoking rooms...whatever.  Elevators up to the rooms had brass which was cloudy and unpolished, the first sign a hotel is deteriorating.  Room was OK....except the trash can was not emptied and hair dryer was not working.  The room had only a square TV and was showing it's age.  Compared with similar class NY NY and Excalibur, the room is much, much worse, as both NY NY and Excalibur has remodeled its rooms with nice furniture great flat-screen TVs.The next day, they did put us in a non-smoking room...but when we got to the room it was not yet cleaned....yuck.  After complaining some more, we got two free buffets, so it was fine.  Overall, a bad experience...except for the free buffets after we complained a lot.  No wonder it had a  3 nights for 2 deal.For a similar price/class:  Stick with Excalibur or NYNY
1	POS!! POS!! POS!!Stayed here one night and it will be the last night I ever stay at this piece of shit hotel. This place is super outdated....they better pour some money into renovating this shit hole.  I was expecting MGM level accommodations but was deeply disappointed that it was more like Circus Circus. The arrival:1:30PM: called them when we hit Primm to see if there would be a problem checking in early (normal check in is 3PM).  The retard on the phone said she doesn't know and that I would have to check with the front desk when I get there.  2:15PM: Stood in line to check in.  2:35PM: Yea, that's right!! 20 minutes to get to the front desk. 2:42PM: They finished checking me in. Hey, at least I was able to get my room almost a whopping 20mins early.  The shower: I woke up to no hot water and when I physically went down stairs to check out and complain; they gave me coupons!!  The conclusion:F-ing coupons!!  Take your coupons that came with a free subway 6inch and shove it up your ass Monte Carlo!!!    If only I could give negative stars!!First and last time I stay at this POS!
3	Stayed here the Saturday after New Year's. I wasn't dramatically impressed, but I didnt have a bad time either. Pros:- Price for the night was $65, (though plus tax and that stupid resort fee it was $84), still not bad- Right on the strip near NY NY, MGM Grand, etc, walking distance to everything - Nice italian wine bar and restaurant inside (D Vino)- Very comfy beds-They let us check in at 1pm (even though check in isnt supposed to be until 3pm)-Free parking, nice parking garage-Very easy to get to from the highwayCons:- Be wary of "strip view" rooms...since the casino is in front of the hotel, you can't see much if the strip except the taller big buildings. I didnt pay extra for that though, so it was nice. -No matter how you reserve the room, apparently they dont reserve specific room requests, like 2 queen or 1 king. so stupid!- No free wifi. In fact it was like $16 for the day!- The line to check in and check out is RIDICULOUS! you wait 10-20 minutes AT LEAST. -No fan in bathroom-Pillows flat and not comfy-Pool wasnt open obviously cuz we went in January, but no hot tubs either! ugh!-Escalators werent working half the time (this was actually true all over Vegas)-Old TV, remote wasnt working-No wall light switches for lights in room except for one light in entry way-We did not get our two "free" bottles of water Ultimately, for the price, it was great. I would NEVER spend more than $100 for a room here though!
4	ok, i know this aint a 4 star hotel or anything. i would say it's like ur avg cheapy vegas hotel (luxor). *however*, a couple things i am very very happy with...1, no crazy check-in line...on the evening of nye! 2. there's a full-length mirror and magnifying mirror in the room...very important if ur tryin to slut it up real good, duh!3. cleaning service seems to be better than luxor...they took away our room service shit the same day we took it out our room (luxor leaves that shit in the hallways for dayssss)4. cab lines were pretty short and quick all new year's weekend5. the best freakin food court ever!!! subway, manchu wok, sbarro, mcdonald's and some mexican joint...who wants to stand in line for 2 hrs for a buffet or to get a table??? this is str8 to the point, get me some food to buffer the alcohol type shit. sbarro is open late too if u want pizza at like 3am!!!
3	I was expecting worse to be honest.In town for my brother's wedding, it was decided ahead of time that we were all staying at the Monte Carlo.I would have preferred to spend a bit more $ to stay at a nicer hotel, but it would have been rude to stray from the group.The rooms were not half bad. Clean, spacious, and a comfortable bed. Pretty much all I'm looking for in a hotel when I'm only staying for a short time.The staff was friendly, especially the doormen and housekeepers. I bribed the housekeeper $10 to give me extra shampoos, etc.,  as I donate them to a shelter, and she brought me a gigantic bag of stuff.I think the dining choices could be better. I didn't try every place, but the one place I did try still haunts me.Internet access will run you $14.99 per 24 hours, which I think is a bit steep. I guess with so many business travelers, they can get away with gouging you.All in all, your basic, non high-end, non dumpy, 3 star Vegas hotel.
4	With CES and AVN going on the weekend I came to Vegas, I figured it would be a long shot to get a good deal on a room. NOT! MC had an early bird special and I was immediately drawn to it like a moth to a flame. Upon check in, I was offered a suite for an additional $30. Tempting, but I refused. So up to the 23rd floor I went. The room had an incredible view of Aria and part of City Center. Everyone from the staff that I came across was nice, from the valet attendants to housekeeping. MC may not be the most popular hotel, seeing as everyone nowadays would rather stay at more pricer places such as Wynn/Encore or Venetian/Palazzo. Don't get me wrong, if I had the funds I'd be there too. Believe me! Simplicity again wins me over. This is will definitely be on the list of places to look up on my next trip back to Sin City.
3	Ok, first MC is probably the cheapest, decent (and by decent I mean, not smelly and not dirty) hotel you'll be able to find in the center of the strip. That being said, you need to stay in this hotel with little to no expectations. The hotel itself is really boring, the casinos are hardly ever busy and some areas were roped off the last time I was there. It's a place to sleep and shower... while you enjoy your fun elsewhere.
1	Can I give zero stars? Had the worst time in Las Vegas thanks to the Monte Carlo. Why? 1. It smelled like a sewer all over the lobby. I guess there was a pipe that busted in one of the bars or something and they didn't bother sanitizing the stagnant water. They were really on top of their perfume pumping though.2. This is subjective but the bed was extremely uncomfortable. Staying up till dawn and waking up at 10am because your back hurts isn't very Las Vegassy.3. I requested an upgrade to a jr. suite and was quoted a what I thought was reasonable price upon check in. At check out, the price had gone up and it turned out that the front desk check in guy had lied to me.4. The ridiculous $10/day charge for the tepid bottles of water they have available in your room, the newspaper I never received and the gym that I could care less about. 5. The fact that they don't tell you about this charge until you check out (then point to the .01 sized font and say "its there in the small font that no one ever reads") 6. Unwelcoming dealers who seem to hate their jobs.7. No WI-FI! NOT EVEN AT STARBUCKS!The only thing good about this hotel is that its connected to the new city center.
4	I stayed in this hotel for three days for a girls weekend in vegas. It was clean and had free parking. It is on the southern part of the strip so walking around isn't impossible. You could see a lot of stuff on foot but would probably want to take a cab to the north part of the strip for sight seeeing. I didn't use the pool or workout facilities so I don't have any rating there. The hotel has a small food court with a mc donalds and starbucks and subway so you can stay on a budget for food. We had a $35 champagne brunch at the hotel's buffet and it was ok. Not amazing but not worth $35. Id stay at this hotel again.
4	This hotel is really nice. right by the strip next door to new york new york, the hotel has a food court in the lobby, you have mcdonalds, ice cream, pizza, starbuck and others. also the pub is there 5 stars for the pub.Now i was reading other reviews and i gotta say YES the walls are kinda thin, you can hear whats going on next door to you, TV, Bath ect.also someone said the lobby smelled funny, i gotta say i agree with them, i dont know what the problem is Side note, ASK for a upgrade at the counter! they will give you a great deal like i asked very cheap to upgrade to a better room also the rooms were very cleani will stay again someday, but i want to experience other hotels also.
2	We chose the Monte Carlo to stay at during Martin Luther King weekend since there was a cheap deal for about $70/night. I guess there was a reason for this. The customer service during check-in and check-out took unnecessarily long (15-20 minutes per customer), and our room wasn't even clean when we walked in! After calling the front desk, they said the earliest they could get someone to clean our room was in 3 hours. Unbelievable. The amenities were decent, beds were ok, bathrooms were a bit small, and the location is great. Unfortunately it was the lack of customer service that earned this rating.
2	I stayed here back in November. My room was booked together with airfare off expedia so I did get a great deal. Then again, all hotels in Las Vegas were dirt cheap in Nov. Anyways, the first night, I hardly slept because of the noise from toilets flushing and water running. I could also hear the neighbors who were up all night and others that were up real early. In the morning, I went downstairs to ask if I could have a different room. They kindly moved me to the very last room  on another floor. Well, it was the same thing again. Plus, at 5am, I was awakened by construction noise from the Aria hotel next door. OMG I was there for a conference and getting absolutely no rest. By day 3, I was a zombie. The hotel rooms are ok but nothing special. In fact, my sheets had several holes in them. Not what I'd expect from a place like this. The Monte Carlo seems a bit out of place on the strip with all the other hotels having themes and nicer rooms. This hotel is plain jane. It's a total disappointment. I went to the buffet one evening which was ok. I'd give it 7 out of 10. The pool was closed this time of the year like most Vegas hotels. I really wish they'd leave them open for those of us who like to sit in the hot tub and are in the city for something other than gambling.I would like to see the Monte Carlo torn down and the other hotels nearby take over it's space. The new Aria or the neighboring New York New York could expand. Otherwise, the MC really needs some work. The price was great but I got absolutely no rest at all. When I was checking out, I asked to speak to a manager about my terrible experience. She comped me the resort fees and said if I hadn't booked and paid through expedia, she could have done more. Good to know they at least care about customers. However, I would never stay here again. I've stayed at better Super 8's. And really, being in Las Vegas, your hotel choices are endless. There are much better places to stay.
3	I stayed here October 2009 on my first trip to Vegas. I thought it was a nice hotel for the money, nicely located on the strip.  It's pretty small, which is nice because it doesn't take you twenty minutes to get from the entrance to your room. The staff was friendly and quick to help. The casino was cool and the dealers were nice. The music in the casino was hip, and a few good restaurants.  Oh....loved the steak and eggs at around 4 am!  Brand has a good lounge at night too with a great DJ.  Cool place to hang if you're not in the mood for a club and want reasonable prices. Downsides: Rooms were...eh. Nothing special. Didn't like that there weren't fitted sheets on the bed.  My boyfriend is a germaphobe and was really worried his hand was gonna touch bare mattress. lol. Also, no club or big attractions in the hotel, so you HAD to go out for everything.  Cabs were a must when headed out in stilletos at night!Overall, nice clean hotel for the price and good atmosphere. I'd stay here again.
4	Because of its central location on the strip, I am a fan of this resort.  It's walking distance to the City Center, a block away from New York New York and across from a Denny's (important especially when cash starts running low from all the gambling).  I  also enjoyed having seen the hilarious Frank Caliendo in the Lance Burton Theatre and being able to workout in their fabulous gym that was ultra clean, located in the rear of their posh spa.  One of their restaurants, Diablo's, is located on the main level and serves excellent mojitos that go famously well with their generous helpings of chips and rockstar, freshly made guacamole.The room itself was on par with most hotels I've stayed in, but a few items were missing upon check-in like the coffemaker and the keyboard for the tv/computer.  My bed didn't have a comforter either.  But what really irked me was the pool being closed.  Nevertheless, I'd come back to Monte Carlo...it's a decent price for its central location.
3	I've never stayed here, but I may have to try sometime.  This is one of my regular gambling spots in Vegas.  It's a clean casino -- as clean as they can be anyway -- and, while not large by the standard of other Strip casinos, it's got a decent mix of tables, slots, etc.  I find the machines relatively loose too, and I seem to find lower-limit tables more often here than most other nearby casinos, neither of which ever hurts my desire to return.  It seems to be a somewhat forgotten hotel among some of the big dogs at the south end of the Strip, and the lighter traffic means it's generally more open inside.  (The addition of Diablo's Mexican Cantina outside between my last two trips definitely seemed to increase the pedestrian draw, but I still didn't see much of an increase inside.)
4	Stayed F-Sa-Su in a Jr Suite that was comped.  PRO: our room was remodelled a couple years ago and was modern, clean and nicely decorated.  Drapes, wallpaper, shower curtain, carpet all in great shape. Free local calls (doesn't incl. info, however). Flat screen, alarm clock had a CD.  The room had an EMPTY fridge  - no $10 charges for picking up one of their water bottles.  The bathroom had an swing-out illuminated magnifying mirror SWEET.   I haven't had a shave that close in years.  And a whirlpool. The casino was being pumped full of a sweet Lysol fragrance which kinda mitigated the smoke.  The food court was overpriced but CONVENIENT.CON: bath drain pretty slow.  Alarm clock was too complicated, had to request wake-up calls.  No coffeemaker. Natasha wanted a scale and a microwave.  Internet was $14.99/day, neither Starbucks had wifi.
3	Having been to Vegas a couple if times now, I have never stayed at the Monte Carlo until now. The hotel is pretty nice, but I think it lacks the pazzaz of New York New York next door. They have a lot of slot machines and all of the normal stuff, a medium sized area for table games, most of which have a minimum of 10 dollars. The rooms are nice too but nothing to write home about. All in all I would come back, but since there are a million other places to try I would probably go someplace new next time.
2	This review is for the hotel/hotel rooms only.Monte Carlo and its sister hotels charge a $9.50 "Resort Fee" PER NIGHT for which you get 2 (tiny-mini) bottles of water a day, a "free" newspaper each day (which are located in the lobby of the floor and everyone and their mother has access to), a pass for ONE person to go to their gym each day (which if you are a couple, the other has to pay), and the ability to print your boarding pass out at the hotel (which you can also do at the airport).    PLUS, you pay TAX on top of this fee!!  Seems like all of the major hotels in Vegas are starting to do this, so you should research and find out which ones don't or do - and how much it will cost you.  Basically, you are forced to pay this fee.As for the hotel, it is okay - but it's not like the Bellagio or Mandalay Bay or one of the newer, nicer hotels.    Our room was missing the "room number" sign on the outside, so someone had to hand-write the number on the wall with a black Sharpie!  How ghetto.   I've already decided I am not going to stay there again.
3	The hotel is pretty clean and well-kept. It's artificially luxurious and fancy, but who cares?The rooms are moderate-sized, but I don't see why it has to worth $70 per night. I mean, there's nothing special. I could get a better deal at MGM Grand or something for a similar price.
3	So lets start with the basic premise that you get what you pay for. In the last three years I have had to return to Las Vegas for a conference in March and i have not found a better hotel for less money and on the strip than the Monte Carlo. Consistently the rooms during the week are in the 50.00 per night range and with that you get very little in the way of perks. In the pat you would get a couple of free lunch and breakfast coupons. This year the coupons were not really usable for me as they were buy one get one free offers that don't work when traveling solo.This year they charge a 12.00 resort fee that includes wired internet in the room and a couple of bottles of water plus a free newspaper in the morning. It actually worked for me as the internet charge used to be about 14.00 per day.The rooms themselves are basically what you expect. They are clean but not very modern. The TV has very limited channels and the one in my room was extremely noisy when turned on oh and these are televisions not flat screens. The beds are not what I would call comfortable but considering how tired you usually are in Vegas they are all right and the bathroom has good water pressure.ALl of that being said the Monte Carlo is really starting to show its age. Everything seems just a bit over worn and if they don't invest a bit into it I can't see myself staying there even for the 50.00 per night.
3	Way overdue review. But this was actually the first place I stayed at in Vegas & you def. get what you pay for.  Our room was decent, decor a bit boring, but we got the basic so didn't really expect much. From the outside, I would expect the interior to look a little more grand but it's whatever. The location was kind of nice, there was a bar right outside of the hotel and a 24 hour walgreens. It was also kind of in the middle of the strip so it was nice to go on strolls. We had a complimentary buffets and gym usage so that was kind of nice. overall, i'm not sure if i would come back since we get room comps at other hotels, but its a decent deal if one were to spend their money cuz they do offer a lot of packages and deals.
3	This place is decent. Good price for the strip and it's a non-nightmare. All in all a good experience. Not stellar but definitely good at least. The casinos and bars inside were good. I am a big fan of the pub and the Zowie Bowie show.
2	Stayed here over the St. Paddy's Day weekend, and was very unimpressed.  1. They can't clean their windows?  Ours was COVERED in dirt as was everyone elses in our party.2. The casino is small.3. Bars -- when did Vegas start shutting down at 2AM?  We essentially shut down every bar inside of the hotel by 3AM and that seems *wrong* for Vegas.I've stayed at a lot of the different resorts and this was definitely has been the bottom of the ones I have stayed at.  On the positive side, the room was clean and large.
4	Stayed here for two nights while taking a group of family members on a trip to Vegas. I'm not the type to gamble, but everyone wants to go to Vegas right. First, the rooms were clean and the hotel is modern, this is not a ghetto hotel like the ones in old town Vegas. Best of all, your at the heart of the Strip. The only thing I would avoid is the buffet, use your dinning credit at the steakhouse.
4	We enjoyed our stay at the Monte Carlo.  Good pricing package for a weekend, clean, centrally located in the middle of the strip, GREAT pool, with the wave pool and also the Lazy River- wonderful; fun times had while gaming.  They do have a food court, which is mall-ish, but handy when coming back from late night, to have this right in your hotel and not have to order room service.  They have McDonalds, Sbarro, Rubios, just to name a few.  They also have a cupcake shop which is open during the day to the early evening.  The hotel portion does have low ceilings, but quite honestly, other than the late 80s- early 90s trademark furnishings, it was quite comfortable, and the beds were fine.  The free bottled water in the room was great, too.  I just wish Vegas rooms in general would come with a mini-fridge, but not that many do that aren't a mini-bar.  On Sunday, we asked for a late check out and only had to pay $30 to check out before 6pm.  We were able to stay at the pool for a lot longer this way, and we really appreciated that, as Sunday was really the only day warm enough to enjoy the pool on this trip.  The pool area is nice and now with the Aria complex right next door, the Aria tram station overlooks the Monte Carlo pool area.  The pool's service was actually quite good, and so was their food and drinks.  I would definitely stay here again.  I also like that it is so close to NY NY- you can easily walk over there at night and enjoy the restaurants, lounges, clubs, etc.  I find that NY NY is full of much drunker, louder and more party-ish people; fun to visit, but you may not want to stay there.  The Monte Carlo also has a fun vibe on the gaming floor- there are dancing girls at one set of the tables at night- but it's not as packed full of loud drunks, so that's a plus for me.  Also, if you want to check out the Aria/City Center, there is a tram right from the Monte Carlo over there.  Very convenient.  Overall, I am looking forward to another stay!
3	Monte Carlo is an elegant hotel/casino that is a little bit under the radar.  Most likely because they don't have a big nightclub, or high-end shopping, or World-renowned chef's restaurant, or anything like that.  But that's part of the reason I like the Monte Carlo, it's quiet with less foot-traffic since there's nothing spectacular in there.  It's simply an elegant hotel.  The rooms are nice, comfortable, and roomy.  It's a little bit cheaper to stay here since it doesn't have all the big pizzazz of some other hotels.  It's located in the center of the strip, so there's easy access to everything, especially if you want to walk.  Not a bad hotel in my opinion.
2	From it's outward appearance you wouldn't think Monte Carlo was too bad, that's what I thought too until we stayed here on our last Vegas trip. This place is crap. Seriously, comparable to a Motel 6. Do yourself a favor and just pay a couple extra bucks for a better hotel (it'll make your experience a lot better)The concierge wasn't very friendly or helpful (they were downright rude) and the staff took FOREVER to get us a couple extra towels for the room (we had 3 ppl per room, and they only stocked the room with 2 sets of towels). They refused to let us switch rooms and didn't give us 2 rooms next to each other with the adjoining door (blah blah blah, something about how they were all booked up and only had smoking rooms left, which I seriously doubt because the walls are paper thin and the room next door seemed empty). When I say paper thin, I mean it. You can seriously hear the people talking next door. Talk about lack of privacy. No wonder security had to come to our door since we were talking a little louder than usual that we were disturbing our neighbors... Not only did everything look super-outdated (they didn't even have a mini-fridge (WTH? don't they want to make extra money off of you?), but our bathroom shower didn't function properly. The pull thing for the shower wouldn't lift up all the way, so when you were taking a shower, the water from the bottom (for the tub) runs also, so you can only get like a half shower/half bath. WOW right? If you have any other choice available, don't stay here. It's not even THAT CHEAP for what you're getting. Definitely wasn't worth it.
2	You get what you pay for!Adequate 2-star quality rooms, with poor lighting.  No quick check-in or check-out process. If you have non-carry-on luggage, it gets hauled away and you will wait at least 1/2 hour before you have it brought to you room.  The internet didnt work and we had to wait over an hour for a tech to fix the problem.  The fitness center requires paperwork every time, including upon exiting, a wasted 3 minutes. Some machines didnt work. Pool area crowded. No HBO - even Motel 6 has it! No mini-fridge, no microwave, no coffeemaker. Hairdryer and iron with ironing board, yes.  Shampoo, conditioner and lotion, yes.  One plus: clean rooms and a friendly, prompt and efficient housekeeping staff.  Not-so-friendly lobby staff. Valet parking, so take all you need to you room. "Resort" fee (ha ha): $12.95 plus tax added to your rate (8 oz. bottle  of generic H2O, internet access, fitness center with shower NOT included - $5 fee with sauna and hot tub addtional).A one-time deal for my wife and I.  We wont be back...
3	I'm also giving the Monte Carlo  3 stars. The hotel is a bit dated, No amenities in the room like a coffee maker or mini fridge.  Mattress was just ok, my back didn't hurt but I was happy to get out of bed in the morning.  Our shower was a little funky, it leaked from the faucet and it was hard to get the heat adjusted. Like many big casino hotels, our room was pretty far from the elevator and it was on the 31st floor so it takes a while to get anywhere. I felt like I was out on the south forty. Despite all this I would stay again, the price was right and the kids liked the pool area. The tram to the Bellagio is nice and very convenient.Other Pros: The self parking and the location on the strip.
3	The Monte Carlo is a lower midrange hotel found in the middle of the Strip.  Although not on the same level as the Venetian or Mandalay Bay, you can't beat the price.  We stayed there for about $50 a night during Spring Break.  It is conveniently situated with a Deuce bus stop right in front.   It is true, the rooms need some updating.  The furniture and walls are scuffed, they still use bedspreads instead of duvets, and the curtains and bedskirts have seen better days, but the rooms are clean enough.   Be prepared, they have a wardrobe instead of closet which I suppose was to lend the room some Old World charm.  Our room offered a great view of the roller coaster at New York New York.  Another reason to stay here as opposed to some of the more trendy hotels is the lack of waiting for elevators or taxis.  And finally, there is a food court featuring McDonald's, Starbucks, and Haagen Dazs, right downstairs so you don't have to pay an arm and a leg for something to snack on.
2	I think this place is a little deceiving. Based on the interior of the casino and the price of its restaurants, they want you to believe the hotel is fancier than it actually is. The only real kudos I can give the Monte Carlo is its location on the strip, proximity to other casinos, and their fitness center (see below).The room was ok. No luxury, just the nuts and bolts of a standard room. The Monte Carlo offers very cheap deals during weekdays, but note they do charge a MANDATORY resort fee daily. I believe the fee is about $15 and includes high speed internet (but not wi fi...crazy!!!!!) and access to the gym (but not the spa). These were the only two amenities I used during the visit. I had my laptop and had to use a plug-in cord, which did not work very well. The Internet kept cutting in and out...very annoying. The gym was a pleasant surprise; it had nice equipment and it was not overly crowded. Would I stay here again? Probably not, in a town that prides itself on exceptional hotel quality (ie, the Palazzo), I will continue looking for deals and pay a little more to stay at nicer hotels. Some might say, "why spend so much $$ on a hotel room in Vegas that you won't spend much time in?" My rebuttal is that I am on vacation and want to be pampered. To each their own.
1	This place is definitely deceiving. Maybe the right word is conniving. I was gambling in the casino and called the blackjack dealer out on not knowing the rules because she was trying to talk me into doing things I didn't want to do and she was demanding that i must hit.... called the pitboss over and he said she must have been mistaken and I shouldn't get mad because there's nothing to get upset about. I guess they don't know that when you are gambling with your own money it matters when you catch the house trying to cheat you! Don't trust this place!
1	Vomit Carlo -- They really must think about changing the name. Vomit stain on the carpet coming off the elevator, for 2 days. Girl vomiting all over the elevator lobby at 4am ... what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas for her because she won't remember a thing. Oh, nice acoustics in the rooms, between the cleaning staff laughing it up and talking on radios in the hall, to the very quick but happy ending sex of the couple next door and the alarm clock going blasting spanish radio with volume set to 11 in the other adjacent room -- with nobody home, it is just an audible delight. On the upside, the Vomit Carlo is pretty easy to get in and out of and centrally located so it can be an okay home base. I'd take ear plugs for the room and watch you step but the sheets are clean and there is excellent water pressure in the shower!!Some folks in our group heard that it had been recently redone but we didn't see any evidence of that in the guest room area. Pros: CheapCons: Vomit
3	Thank you Monte Carlo for the best weekend ever! I really can't complain since I was only there to sleep and get ready! The hotel is a bit out dated compared to the newer more modern hotels on the strip.  The rooms itself are decent size, nothing to fancy about them, small desk, ok tv, bathroom was a bit spacious and beddings were a bit old. A good thing about the hotel is the food court, that is open 24 hrs and all the other resturants that are located downstairs. It gave us peace of mind that we did not have to walk for to grab something to eat. Room service was great. We called in for an extra cot ( which was very comfortable, twin size and fit perfectly in the room), small fridge and sewing kits. They were pretty good and speedy about bringing these items to the room.The pool is amazing! They have a reg pool to kick back in, a wave pool, and a lazy river!! The lazy river is the best, just rent or buy a tube and your set for a relaxing ride!Location wise the Monte Carlo is a bit far from the middle of the strip. However it was easy to get to the strip because of tram that took us to the Bellagio. A good penny saver since cab rides do get costly!
2	I am a regular of MGM Mirage and like some of their properties very much (ex. THEHotel at Mandalay Bay) They have lower end properties like Excalibur. I came to Monte-Carlo on a casino free room promotion (still has to pay $14 resort fee).From the image I was expecting an average property, it's low end kike Excalibur more more pretentious. Rooms were noisy bad sound proofing with next room and corridor.It was OK for $14 but would not pay more!
2	Stayed at the Monte Carlo over the weekend because I had comp'ed rooms.  I would not pay to stay here.  Although the casino itself is nice, the room was bad.  My biggest complaint is the walls are super thin.  You can hear people talking and walking in the halls, you can hear muffled conversations of the people in the rooms adjacent to you.  You can also hear all the water in the pipes whenever another room flushes a toilet or showers.  On my last day, a Monday, there was construction in our hall and you could hear banging and drilling.  If I wasn't leaving first thing in the morning, I would've have been extremely upset by the noise.
3	Ive stayed here 3 different times... this is definitly a value hotel.The room rates are great, the location is superb, but this hotel is lacking. The rooms are average, the pool is average, and the casino is average. Theres nothing special about this place. If you are looking for action, excitement, and VEGAS fun... I would opt for MGM or Planet Hollywood. (in the same $$$ range). There arent even any cool places to eat or drink here. no clubs either. BUT...If you are on a family trip looking to save a few $ this is a good place. I saw numerous families here and its a fitting place for that.This hotel is OK...and really mean just OK. Im not going to be staying here anymore and pay a couple bucks more elsewhere.
3	This was my home for 4days and 3nights,. THUMBS up to my buddy for getting comped rooms at Monte Carlo.The hotel is pretty outdated, so don't expect flat screen TV's and bathroom vents,. but hey, who am I to complain,. LIVING WAS FREE FOR ME, thanks to my friend!!! Besides,.. us party goers are never even in our room anyways,.. The location of the hotel isn't bad either,. right across from the cocoa cola and m&m store,.. also a walgreen across the street and a thrift store next door! I love going swimming, I love being in water,. but I don't love getting rashes all over my body?! why are my hands and my body so dry and flaky,..I was told the water that I was swimming in musta been dirty,. and I musta been swimming in piss,. damn me for having sensitive skin,.. and damn you people who pissed in the pool x___X but I still love the wave pool,. the tide pool, the pool and the hot tub,. I woke up playing in the water for 3 days straight ! :o) YAY!
1	They try to be a cheap value hotel.  But they add in a resort fee on the end which is $13-$15 a day.  The cost is for internet (no wi-fi here), two bottles of water in your room and a stack of USA Today newspapers at the end of the hall. The room had stained carpets and bed spreads and somebodys sock was in a drawer.  The pool was weird because the buildings surrounding it block the sun in the earlier and later parts of the day so high noon is more the time.  Unfortunately they have all of these additional charges everywhere.  This place loves to nickel and dime you.  Rent a towel...seriously...and a silly inflatable raft for $9 for the pool.  Then they tried to recreate this place into someones spring break trip by having someone massacre music blearing loud with stupid twister games on the pool deck.  The dj couldn't even beat mix the beats.  It was a nightmare.  This place has no life in it.  Casino is smoky and dead and the dining is sub-par.  We came with family of all ages and everybody stayed away from here.  We had to go enjoy other resorts for the life of Vegas.  Mandalay Bay had the best air quality and was hopping...so was MGM.. But warning, they are all owned by the same company.  Only the Wynn/Encore...my preference.  And the Venetian/Palazzo...the next best gorgeous place, are owned by better run and high end company's.  I prefer cleanliness and one fee.  I pay for my room and truly enjoy the resort I'm staying in.  This is not that place.  You will end up spending more and feeling ripped  off.
2	One of the primary reasons we stayed here was the lazy river... well, it's kinda hard to relax/drift along when A. you keep bumping into loiterers every five seconds and B. there is booty music being blasted by the DJ. If you're looking to extend your Vegas party to your pool time, this is the place for you... The room itself was ok - no refrigerator or microwave, so keeping drinks cool was an issue and bringing leftovers back to the room was a non-option... I probably wouldn't stay here again.
1	We checked in on a Friday. We were assigned a room and as soon as I enter noticed that it looked like it had not been cleaned. I felt like I was at a motel 6 but paying 4 star prices!! WTF!! We asked to be changed to another room which they promptly did. The 2nd room was much nicer. BUT why at 30 floors up am I woken up by the music at the pool????This hotel try to be something it isn't. It was great back when it opened but now its past it prime and their prices should reflect that. It reminded me why I always will pay a little bit more to stay at the Wynn/Encore.
5	This is a 4-star hotel with a lot of 5-star ameneties about it. 1. Location is fantastic. You're in a centralized location on the strip and  you can walk or shuttle it (what is that light-rail lookin' thing?) easily. 2. Check-in is a bitch. There isn't one single line - you line up at each individual employee. This is confusing and dumb and frustrating. 3. Our room was awesome. It was a suite that overlooked the pools. Came with internet, flat-screen TV, couch, fridge, two bathrooms. However, the shower water was low-pressure, lukewarm, and the sinks didn't drain properly. 4. Eating is easy. There is a fast-food court and a handful of restaurants that cover steaks, mexican, asian, brewpub. Whatever you're looking for. And room service is fucking the best EVER. Yeah, you pay a lot: It's ROOM SERVICE. But it comes fast, they don't forget anything, the portions are pretty big, and the ingredients are top-notch. You can really taste where that extra cash is going. 5. The casino bar (was there only one? that's all I saw) is overpriced at $6 for a bottled domestic, but hey - you are on the strip and the room was cheap, so suck it up. 6 & 7: The chapel and catering departments. Top-notch since day one. Every call answered. Every voicemail returned. Every email responded to. Many choices in regards to food and even decor. They do your flowers and photos. Both are not as expensive as you would think, either. I hate flowers - my flowers were freakin BEAUTIFUL. For the ceremony, the chapel shuttles you in and out QUICK after meticulously explaining what you're supposed to be doing ("walk when I say GO!") Open bar? Not that expensive! We went with a buffet-style dinner and it was freakin delish. Long list of choices... I mean LONG... and it didn't taste like a buffet at all. Came with salads, crudites, and a dessert table in addition to the wedding cake! Open bar included red bull - now how nifty is that??Absolutely the best, no, much much more than the best value for the price you pay. However... they will nickel-and-dime the shit out of you. No free rooms or hefty discounts (just little tiny ones) even when you're dumping a shitload of money into one four-hour party. But at the end of the day, tally up all you spent and look at what you got and that is what makes all the difference.
4	it was my first time staying at monte carlo this past weekend and i had a good experience! check in was a little annoying since there isn't 1 general line, you have to figure out which line is the shortest and try to line up there. check out is the same way =/the room was nice and spacious, i appreciate all the mirrors and tiled bathroom floors. service was great! they gave us all the towels we asked for =)the pools were newly remodeled (apparently) and was really fun! the DJ was the best and played the greatest music by the wave pool (which was super fun) on saturdays theres a really cute MC who does a scavenger type game which is also really fun :D
4	Alright...bullet points on this one:1.  Nice looking hotel at very nice prices2.  Standard rooms comes with a TV from about 1992 and it is 13 inches or so?  That's okay...you should not be in your room watching TV.  You should be in there to nurse a hangover. 3.  Slow drain in the sinks in some of the rooms, but not in ours.4.  $10 Pai Gow tables make me supremely happy5.  Nice and efficient cocktail waitresses on the casino floor6.  What???  Sam Adams is the darkest beer you have?  No Newcastle?  No Guinness? BAH!7.  The buffet food for weddings (should you decide to have a wedding here or you are a guest at one) is A-MAY-ZING!  Seriously good, quality food and a whole table of desserts in addition to the cake.8.  The Frank Caliendo Show advertisements on repeat in every elevator was god damn annoying.  I wanted to punch those little TV screens after a few trips.9.  Don't ever order at a bar in the Casino, unless you are playing video poker - it cost us $16 for a bottle of Sam Adams and a Jack & Coke.  I am too cheap for that nonsense and I should've known better.10.  Excellent location on The Strip!All in all, this is now on my list of hotels I would stay at again and will keep in the rotation on where to stay in Vegas.
3	ehhhhh is all I have to say about this resort. First off, the rooms were decorated very tackily. The carpet was straight out of a clown career college and the beds were harder than rocks. The pool, which is essential to any successful Las Vegas hotel, lacked in many ways. The pool was tiny and there were so many beach chairs you could get lost. I would definitely not return, although the price was very cheap.
1	My personal opinion:How in the world is this a 4 star hotel? This hotel is best described as a minor upgrade from Circus Circus. Our first room was dirty. Our next room was by the pool which was so loud... napping was not going to happen. Every room had paper thin walls. I heard a party on one side of the wall and a very... amorous couple on the other side of the wall. Our complaints were met with annoyance. We tried to move to another hotel all together but everything else was booked or way to expensive. My advice: Avoid at all costs. I will never stay here again. It ruined my vacation.
3	This hotel is very good for the price that you get. The casino and spa are very well maintained.  Although some of the dealers did not seem very friendly. Room service was extremely helpful even if they were slow coming o your room.  Although I do have to agree with another user, the bathroom was very large compared to other bathrooms in some hotels. It was well maintained..There is a beach volleyball court on the pool deck but they charge 30$ hour to play. Not really worth that price for fake sand and a junk ball
3	To me the Monte Carlo has changed.  My husband and I stayed 4 years ago and much to our delight couldn't wait to return.  The pillow top mattresses were extremely comfortable, everything was extremely clean and well maintained.Although the hotel is nice for the price, you can see that they must have made cutbacks.  The wear and tear of guests are starting to show. The mattresses are no longer pillow top...at least in the room I stayed in.  The carpets in the halls were stained and even on the 21st floor we could still hear the noise coming from the parking lot.  They room was close to being clean, our pillow cases were stained and there was hair from the previous guest on the bathroom floor and shower walls.  This increases my "EWW" factor.  We found the toilet humerous.  Do not stand close to it as it likely will suck you in with its flushing power.The location can't be beat, good amenities and helpful staff.  I personally would not bring my kids to Las Vegas but if I ever decided to, I would not allow them into the casino floor during the evening as they have now placed scantily clad dancers on a raised stage near the game tables.  They most likely would be in bed at that point however this is just my personal preference.  Be aware that their advertised price is not their full price.  You will have to pay an additional $12.99 per night when you arrive for the miniture water bottles they place in your room and to pay for access to the pool and spa, regardless if you are using them.  So you may have booked a room for $79 but the actual cost will be $92.  Would I stay here again, probably but it wont be my first choice any longer.
4	I had a great time at this hotel, They had a two day huge pool party with a good DJ. You should really stay here
3	It appears everyone seems to have the same complaints or type of experience at this hotel. So I will make this nice and short:The Good:Price- very affordable placeLocation- really good, you can walk to the nicer casinos and there are a CVS and a Walgreen's right across the street.Self Parking Lot- perfectly located...no need to walk through a casino to get to your room. You park, go down on the escalator, walk thru the lobby and get to the elevators.The Bad:Outdated Rooms- like everyone mentioned before- no flat screen tv, no mini fridge, no coffee makerBathtub was not working properly, it took so long to drain!Like the saying goes...you get for what you pay for. So in my book this place is a-ok.
4	Can't say I've got much to complain about regarding my recent stay here. Personally, I couldn't care less about my hotel room in Vegas; I'm not here to spend any time in it. As long as it's clean, well-presented and isn't a rundown shithole akin to Circus Circus, anything will do. I booked an online deal for $49/night. That was attractive. What wasn't attractive were the room fees which are added onto your bill involuntarily. I think they charged me something like $16/day for wi-fi access (which I didn't use), pool access (which I used once), fitness center access (which I didn't use), and a few other amenities which, you guessed it, I didn't use. I would prefer these were available to guests a la carte since I didn't plan to employ most of them. The rooms are nice, but far from decadent. I paid about $40 extra to get a "strip view" room. Unfortunately, they didn't mention that the strip I'd be viewing was the strip mall across the street. The angle of my window left me with an obscured view of the MGM Grand and the ginormous condo tower next door. As I hadn't been here before, I had no idea that my view would suck as much as it did. So, though the cheap upgrade might seem worthwhile, I assure you it is not. I had heard from a friend that the walls are thin here. I didn't hear any moans or groans, but the fact that I can hear the person on either side flushing their toilet didn't jive with me too well. I don't need an audible confirmation everytime my neighbor takes a dump. Parking was great here. Got a spot on the 2nd level, which leads to the lobby, with ease. And it's free. Can't beat that. The pool here is grossly oversold on their website, though. The "regular" pool is oddly-shaped, small and crowded. The lazy river is more like a crowded stream. And the wave generator pool is about half the size of the one at Wild Rivers and, yep, crowded. Even worse, the lounge chairs are practically stacked on top of each other, and finding a seat that doesn't appear to be claimed by an anonymous towel is nigh impossible. We just brushed a couple off and snagged some seats. There's a pool bar, but bring plenty of lube because you'll be brutally raped by prices. I'd stay here again, but only if I can continue to get good deals on their rooms. The free parking and ease of check-in were about the only things that really mattered to me. I don't like that it's so high up on the strip, but for the price I suppose the brisk walk down to the middle is worth it.
4	Gorgeous, perfectly priced for location hotel. You step out the front door and you're on the strip, stay inside and it's not too hustle bustle like some of the other hotel casinos. Our reservation requested a smoke-free room, and they were all booked up for the room we had reserved so they upgraded us to the 30th floor with no hesitation. When we finally went to bed after a very late night, we realized we were without toothbrushes- they quickly sent up complimentary dental kits and if your'e a sucker like I am for travel sized items- then you'd love this little set. We spent the next morning at the super packed pool. They offer a few different pools (lazy river, hot tub, regular pool and a wave pool) and an abundance of chairs to lay out on (grab two towels! those chairs get hot in that 109* sun). There are servers who will run around taking drink orders, but I found it faster to simply go to the pool bar. I didn't take advantage of their souvenir glass- but it's 17$, triple the alcohol and only $11 to refill, vs. the 10$ for the small glass. The frozen drinks were super sweet, a little too sweet for me. I would definitely come back here to stay again.
4	This review is strictly for the swimming pool.  A friend of mine was visiting and stayed at the Monte Carlo.  We made plans to hang out at the pool all day on Saturday.  We got there around 10 am and lucked out and found 2 lounge chairs.The swimming pool has 2 small lazy rivers and a small wave pool.  There were a lot of kids at the pool, but they didn't really get in the way that much.  Dance & Hip Hop music was playing on speakers and every once in a while they had competitions for various prizes.....like being on a cruise ship pool deck.There's a bar conveniently located towards the backside of the 2nd lazy river and they have cocktail & food service to the cabanas & lounge chairs.  Our server Samantha "Sam" was very cool and kept us hydrated with Water, Shock Top, Mai Tais, and Jamaican Rum Runners all day long.Overall, it was a great time.Will I return?  Most definitely!
2	My fiance and I just got back from our Vegas weekend yesterday. If there was one word to describe this hotel, it would be CRUSTY.We always stay at the MGM, however, our "hook ups" no longer works there. I found a room at the Monte Carlo for around $100 a night, which seemed really reasonable. When we walked into our room, we both looked at each other like "WTF!"First of all, there is no comforter. Only a semi-thick sheet. It was definately not a hang-over friendly bed. The top sheet had a rip in the middle, probably about 3 inches long. Also, there were stains everywhere! All over the pillow cases and sheets. GROSSSSS!!!The A.C. hardly worked. We had it all the way to 60 degrees and on high, and we both woke up sweaty during the middle of the night and the morning. And as for lighting? What lighting? Out of 4 lamps, only two worked. I had to apply my makeup in the dark....which is luckily the look alot of Vegas girls go for. =)The pool situation is so sad. One pool was about as big as my mom and dad's pool. The lazy river is nowhere near as big as the MGMs and there were about 1,000 people crammed into the tiny pools. You could barely see water.It is safe to say I will never ever stay here again. I'm sure the Monte Carlo was "something" when it first opened but they obviously haven't touched the rooms since then!!!
5	$5 black jack tables on a friday night, personable dealers and efficient cocktail servers. We had a great time at the Monte Carlo Casino, all the dealers were fun and friendly; which always makes winning (or losing) better. This casino was a good time, we left full of booze and with some cash in our pockets!
3	The PROS!Okay I like the casino, I like the sports book, roomy enough, a lot of comfortable seats, their pleasure pit, has a couple of hotties and some not much, so it's hit and miss, but the dealers are pretty damn friendly...and if Marino(a dealer) is reading this, LA rocks...screw boston and miami...he's a major LA hater and i enjoy the banter we had back and forth...and if Franchesca is reading this...'How ya doin, more beads please'. I liked the casino, there's an easy accessed food court for quick food on the go.Cons! - I wasn't a fan of the room, after having stayed at better hotels, this is not keeping up with the times. I'd like more pillows on my bed and atleast an LCD TV, even a small one, if you're going to compete with the other places, you'll need more than that old 20" TV out of a cabinet that looks like it was in "The Lion, The Witch, and the Wardrobe". When I entered the room it had just 2 pillows on the bed, I'm thinking...seriously? I am more comfortable at home, the whole point of going away from home is to be MORE comfortable...it's a getaway! Not a somewhere to settle and sleep!This place was okay, only reason I stay here is the comps I get, otherwise I really wouldn't pay for this place full price...
4	Over all I have to say that I enjoyed my stay at the Monte Carlo. The pool area is very crowded in the afternoon but if you went in the morning it  was great.  I spent 2 nights there and the service was very good the whole time.  The price was good and they were able to get us some decent discount tickets for a show.I have read a few other reviews where people thought the place was dirty, I frankly did not see any of that.  The bathroom was clean as was the room and the maid came daily and the place was always in great shape. We had a room on the 26th Floor with a view of the strip.  I don't know if I would stay there again as I try to stay at a different hotel each visit to Vegas but I would not NOT stay there.
2	I thought the Monte Carlo was one of the bigger places on the strip but really it's just a lil hole in the wall casino without a god damned thing to do. The place isn't dirty or anything like that so I can't completely one star 'em. But for the price you pay and for where they're located this place really needs to step their game up because you could do better at a bunch of other places in the area. Definitely wouldn't rebook.
2	On my annual trip to Vegas, I decided to stay at the Monte. Dont get me wrong, its a nice hotel for the price (3 stars normally). +1 star for being next to the city center +1 star for the location on the strip +1 star for the overall appearance of the hotel. -1 star however for the BLOOD STAINS ON MY BED. Ok Ok, let me explain. We check in early, and the front desk tells us our room is ready. We go upstairs all of a sudden we experience a real CSI las vegas, except the murder weapon was most likely a tampax. Definately gross, called the front desk and asked for it to be made up ASAP. It wasnt made until 3PM that afternoon! Otherwise, OK hotel for the price... casino floor is kind of boring, and a little plain jane overall. 3 stars minus one for bloody sheets.
4	My boyfriend and I just returned today from staying at the Monte Carlo. We stayed 3 nights. Upon walking into the hotel we had to wait in a short line to check in (but it's Vegas and most things do have lines right?). When we finally got up to the counter everything ran smoothly but I got a little nervous at one point. The desk worker had to call someone to see if our Spa Suite was ready. I was afraid that even though it was 4 pm we weren't going to get our room. Everything ended up okay and they sent us up to our room. We were on the 28th floor with awesome views of the strip. As we opened the door we were soooooo happy we booked the Spa Suite. It is double the size of a regular hotel room. One king bed, a jacuzzi tub right by the window which makes for a romantic night looking at the lights of the strip while soaking in the jacuzzi, a couch and 2 chairs, a wet bar with mini fridge, and the bathroom had a big shower with glass a door. There was also this little switch by the bed which lowered or highered the curtains! A safe in the bathroom was a plus too if you need it. Everything looked clean and we were satisfied. Waiting for the elevators wasn't bad because the have so many. They limit it to 10 floors per elevator area so you won't have to stop at all 32 floors! The casino was smaller than many others but that was fine for us and I won at the Wheel of Fortune game! Food court was nice to have and the others food within the hotel was decent. It's very convienient that there is a tram to Bellagio right there at Monte Carlo. We didkn't know that until the second day and walked the whole way in 110+ heat but that's alright! Great overall location on the strip....I liked it and I hope when we go back it will be nice again!
3	The last time i was in Vegas we stayed at the Bellagio.. this time we stayed at the Monte Carlo and it was just okay. It wasn't horrible. I didn't feel like i was gonna get the herps. The hotel itself is decent. It was like staying at a Marriott. I wasn't impressed and i wasn't grossed out. Its nice that they provide free Internet and two bottles of water a day. It was also nice they didn't try to charge me for a fridge. There's nothing to do in the hotel and there weren't many places to eat. Want to get to citycenter/bellagio area quickly? Take the monorail and save $!! Monorail is located at the end where to pool is located.
3	It was a good place for the deal with our airfare. We decided to stay here because of the deal and because we knew it was in the middle of the strip. We booked the Monaco suite. It was a pretty decent room. My friends and I went together and they were able to accomodate us to have rooms on the same floor level. It was also great because it's connected to the city center. We didn't realize this till our last night there but you can walk through city center and get to Aria. I wouldnt mind staying here again but if it were a $100 more than what we paid here, I'd stay elsewhere and at a better casino/hotel the next time I visit Las Vegas.
3	Awesome location, right smack dab in the middle of the strip, and with easy access to City Center.Interior decor is nice, it's not run down or dirty.  It actually reminds me of a slightly downgraded version of the Bellagio.Pretty simple & boring casino.  The Deal or No Deal slot (which kept giving good payout) was under maintenance 4 of the 5 times I attempted to play.  Not much to do on this property.  But it's so close to City Center, that I didn't find this to be much of a problem.  Parking lot is also not a nightmare, so I could easily hop into my car & adventure away.  ***They will be opening two new bars in the near future, including a Minus 5 Ice Bar.  Something to look forward to.The valet was really great.  I have to say this because at other properties, they usually yell at you for even pulling into the valet lane if you're just doing a pick up.  A friend picked me up, and the valet allowed her to just wait in the front, off to the side (instead of having to circle around again).  They were super nice and chill about it.  The bell desk was prompt with my bags.  Upon check out, I left my luggage with the bell desk and told them I'd be getting my car from the parking lot.  As I pulled up to the front, my things were right there waiting for me.  No mix up, or anything.  Buffet was very limited, didn't try the rest of the other eateries (there's about 7 others).  I did make visits to the nice little food court for fast eats.I could see the pool from my room, and it was very active and crowded.  A live DJ was spinning loud music.  Room was okay, although the drain in the tub was disturbingly clogged.  The TV is the older box kind, which meant that there were some discolorations on the display.  I noticed that there were many families with children, something to take into consideration.My keys kept getting deprogrammed, because the front desk had a discrepancy with my reservation.  I had to go down there 3 times, and  because it was during 4th of July weekend, the wait was horrendous.  There was someone else in line who had problems with their keys, too... Interesting.Resort fee is low ($12+tax on my most recent stay)... Although no one explained to me all the perks that were included with it until my 3rd night there :(  In case no one informs you, it includes in-room internet, use of the fitness center, printing of tickets, and two water bottles/per day.For the low rate I got, I'd stay again.
3	This was good to very good, fairly reasonable price, clean rooms. Quite a few stains in the hallways but cleaning staff active and friendly.River pool was excellent, main pool was nice, wave pool generated a ripple at best. Made the mistake of doing Sat-Wed, too many drunk college kids in pool, as we have little kids of our own.Very good, central location on strip. Average gambling opportunities, room service was very good.Scam of $15 added to room for "free-Internet", use of exercise room, free newspaper in lobby, etc. No choice, just added to bill.Overall a fairly good experience.
4	We stayed here during the week and it was perfect for our trip. It was an awesome location and the price was perfect. We didn't want to pay top dollar for a hotel that we basically were only going to be sleeping in but didn't want to stay in a "flea bag" hotel. The room was in good condition and was very comfortable. At least two of the days we were there, we hung out at the pool. The lazy river is the best but it can get a little crowded at some points. I also recommend, if you are looking for a quick bite instead of running around town looking for food, try "The Pub" the burgers were yummy and you can not beat their happy hour.
5	Location is great. It's in the middle of the strip. Across from MGM grand, New York Hotel, Excalibur... It's not one of the super high end hotels, but I thought it was great. Very clean and classy. You don't need to spend extra money on expensive hotels. I'm assuming you won't be staying in your room all night long. You'll be out exploring VEGAS and can easily walk into any other luxiourious hotel and enjoy their casinos, pools, and clubs.
3	Stayed here for the first time 2 years ago.  Like the pool but with all the construction from City Center it is a bit to be desired.  The wife and i had fun though, and we enjoyed being centrally located.
3	We stayed here at the Monte Carlo for 2 nights during the week, I thought there was not going to be too many people, but yeah, there were. We booked a High Floor Deluxe Room with 2 queen beds, 29th Floor.Mmm, let's start by saying that when I first went into the room my first thought was "ugh... it does not look like in the picture, the bed is missing the red tootsie roll pillow (or whatever that pillow it's called). I thought it would have a fridge, but it didn't, it would have been nice, but I guess I should have paid more, but now I know; we had to use the sink as a cooler (that's always the cheaper option haha).Anyway, back to review what was actually there (it's so easy for me to go off on tangents). Air quality in the elevators and hallways to go to the room is bad, and I don't know what it is, but it smells like old people's house but once you go into the room and lower the temperature to 60-65 degrees then you feel better. Everything was fresh and clean: bedding & towels. They have good room service too, I ordered more towels and they took them within 20 minutes, I feel like a cheap ass now because I forgot to tip the guy :(There was one problem though, the bathroom door was too long or I don't know what the problem was, the thing is that to close it you had to force it shut and it would make a lot of noise (inconvenient for the other people sleeping because it would totally wake them up).The pools:They have the lazy river, I loved that thing! That's great for children and grown ups like us that don't know how to swim but that don't want to look dumb just standing in the pool. They also have a wave pool, that was fun too, they activate/deactivate the waves approximately every 15 minutes (don't quote me on the time, that's what it felt like). The waves won't catch you off guard because they have this "recess bell sound" that warns you they are being activated. My wanna be bf, told me there was another pool, I was distracted looking at the $31 sandals they have so I don't remember but anyway, YEAH, if you need sandals and don't want to spend $31 go to the Ross that is right on the strip like a block away from the Monte Carlo. WE got some very cute sandals for like $10! Just saying, that should be a total separate review on Ross, I know, Sorry.Bottom Line: Definitely this is not nicest place that I've stayed at, but for $180 for two nights I can't complaint, it had a great location. Will I stay there again? Probably not.
3	We went to Vegas in July and we stayed at the Monte Carlo. I thought since we're staying during the weekdays and not going to be in Vegas for the weekend, that it's not going to be busy. My friends always tell me that July is the hottest month to go to Vegas and many people won't be there, but when we check in. The lady at the counter said they were all booked up so if we wanted to upgrade to a better room, we couldn't. Plus, the lady charged us for a resort fee. And the resort fee is basically wired internet, NOT even wireless and water. (-1star)The room was simple; two queen beds, a desk and TV. No mini refrigerator or microwave. At least we had a view of the pool. The room was clean though, with fresh linen and bedding. Coming up to the room I noticed the air quality of the hotel (elevator, the hallway) and casino was NOT good, it was really warm, it seems like the A/C wasn't on or working properly. We left our room at 60C during our stay. The pools were great. They have a couple different types of pools: Wave pool, lazy pool & the regular pool. The only thing was that the pool area closed at 7pm. I wanted to go to the pool at night when it's still hot outside, but couldn't.  (-1 star)Monte Carlo has a monorail that goes to Bellagio, plus a walkway that connected to Aria. The monorail was nice b/c we didn't have to walk all the way up the strip. Overall, our stay was good for the price we have paid.
2	If your looking for clean room, DO  NOT STAY HERE. If your looking for a comfortable bed, DO NOT STAY HERE.   I got into my nonsmoking room around midnight.  The first thing I saw was cigarette/cigar ash on the bathroom floor and it burned in. The sheet were not clean. The bathroom floor appeared to have black marks on the floor. Maybe threw up or shit but not sure.   I am a guy so it was okay but it my mom or stepmom was there, they would have left.  This room was is the 2nd dirtiness I have every been too.    Also, the beds are the 2dn most uncomfortable beds I have every been on.       If the hotel read this, I would really suggest hiring a new cleaning manager or more maids to clean.  The room was disgusting.  I even think I got bit by a bed bug last night.
2	Monte Carlo made it on my list of last resort places to crash at in Vegas. The beds are too mushy (I like firm beds) the air in the hallway is thick and old, there's no air circulation in the elevators, at any given point 1 or 2 (and at 1 point) 3 of the 6 elevators on our side were out of commission, the buffet is bleh... BUT the 1 big thing MC has going for it is it's fairly inexpensive and that it's located in the heart of Vegas nestled between the big boys of the strip.
3	One word: CONVENIENT! Went for a friend's bday and the only thing we had on the agenda was to sit by the pool and go to the hottest clubs. We checked in at about 1pm Friday since our room was ready. We had a room with two queen beds. The room was clean and service was great. I ordered towels and extra cups and they came right away. We knew we wouldn't be staying in our hotel for much of the day except to sleep, so why pay for a room that wouldn't be utilized? Late check out is at Noon. We left on Sunday. Pool: there is a lazy river, wave pool, and regular pool. I don't think this is a kid friendly hotel. The pool was conveniently located a couple of feet from the elevator which meant we didn't have to walk that far. It was HOT!  There were more 21yo and up adults drinking and smoking, than families. Food court: I love how convenient this hotel is. Once you got out of the elevator it was only a couple feet away from the food court, which included MC Donald's, Subway, Sbarro, Hagen Daz, etc. Sit down dining and buffets were also close together. I'd stay here again based on price and how convenient everything was located in the hotel. I mean if you don't plan on staying in your room and cabbing it everywhere, why pay more on a hotel room?
2	when we walked into our room, one of the tv cabinet door was just laying on the floor, the shower water backed up the first nite, i was showering in water that was up to my shins, plus i slipped on the lobby floor as i was checking out. the floor was wet from some cooler condensation. i landed on my left knee, it really shook me up, i had to sit for a while, it's still bruised. the security guard Donovan was courteous and helpful, but all i requested was a ice-pack and i didn't get it for 30 minutes. Donovan had to go run and get it, because whoever was getting it was lagging like mad, i was just sitting on the stairs for 30 minutes with my friends. the wet floor sign didn't show up for about 10 minutes. someone should've have been cleaning the floors. i'm glad i didn't crack my head open on the marble floor!!!
3	I have stayed at the Hotel Monte Carlo Las Vegas numerous times, and I'm ready to move on to other hotels.  Its outdated, the food at the main cafe and buffet are so-so, however the rates were pretty fantastic.  Compared to the other hotels, especially the newest arrivals, it shows its age.  However, I do like it that the concierge will put hotel guests on the VIP list to get into Haze, and other nightclubs in the vicinity.  That was a cool feature we appreciate, and at no cost to the concierge for to get in.  If its deals you are looking for, and "decent" rooms, it is worth looking into.
1	Worst hotel in Las Vegas. Terrible service, awful rooms. I had to change room 3 times when doing my check-In: the first room they gave to me wasn't cleaned at all, it's not that the it was badly cleaned, it really wasn't cleaned: the bed was unmade and the towels were used. The second one looked ok, but then we realized there were cigarettes still in the ashtray and the water bottles were used! After that they finally upgraded us to a nicer suit but the keys wouldn't open the door, so I had to go all the way back to the lobby for the 4th time!!! Unbelievable!
3	Another place to try your luck.
3	It's a decent hotel that's in the middle of everything on the Strip...  Hopefully they renovate it shortly since some stuff is dilapidated.  The front desk girls here are cute too! =)
3	This is a great hotel in terms of location and price. We went when they were having a sale on hotel rooms and spent about $60 a night for a high-floor deluxe room. The hotel isn't one of the best on the strip and the food can use an improvement. They just added a new bar when we were leaving so maybe they might start updating the rooms and food area as well.I would definitely stay here if you needed a reasonably priced room located in the middleo f the strip.
3	I don't know how I feel about the Monte Carlo. I stayed here for 3 nights over the weekend with my girlfriends for thier 21st birthday, and there were some definite goods and bads. Good:-The location was great, right by city center, and close enough to walk to Caesars and all of the other big hotels.-The food court. I spent so much time here trying to sober up. I love the options, even though I ate about 4 subway sandwiches.-The pool area was soooo much fun!!! The lazy river and wave pool were always packed with drunk people. They had a lot of contests going on and djs playing and I won a dance contest doing the robot! Not great for children though.-The rooms were pretty spacious, definitely enough room for the extra people that always end up sleeping on the floor. Okay, the bad:-Our keys NEVER worked. When we checked in we got 3 keys, when we stumbled back to the room at night none of them worked. We even had to ask a security guard for help, and he couldn't open the room. We went down to the front desk and they apologized and gave us new keys and a $50 comp, but we went to the front desk about 2 more times to get new keys because the ones we had still didn't work. -The elevators took forever! And when you finally got on one, you ended up stopping at every floor. I think I rode down to the lobby with 10+ people each time.-The room was broken...kinda. The first time I took a shower the tub wouldn't drain, so I was standing almost knee-deep in water. They sent up a plumber to look at it, but it was still gross. Also, when someone put a towel on the towel rack, it broke right off the wall. We called the front desk to tell them about it and make sure the room wasn't charged for it. -When we originally checked in, they said we didn't need a card to put on file for incidentals. I provided one, but they said it wouldn't be charged. I have never been to a hotel that didn't hold a deposit, so I thought it was weird. When we checked out, I was informed that $300 was charged to my card. The room wasn't even that much money. The guy at the front desk didn't have any idea why the card was charged, and we had to wait for a long time while he asked around and took it off.All in all, I would stay there again, but it wouldn't be my first choice. Sorry about the 3-stars, but it wasn't bad, it wasn't great, it was average.
5	My husband and I got married at The Monte Carlo a little over 2 years ago. We stayed in one of the Monaco Suites with a strip view and it was amazing! We booked our room online and got a package deal that was at a very affordable price. montecarlo.com. The wedding coordinator was great with communications through email and fax. This is a beautiful hotel that I would recommend to everyone! The wedding packages are very affordable and include photography and flowers. I highly recommend the wedding services. The chapel is sweet and the the employees were very helpful and kind. The hotel staff is also very accommodating with early check in and late check out.  The pool area is awesome too! Go to The Monte Carlo!
3	'Monte Carlo Resorts and Casino...now with 100% LESS SUCK!'I feel that should be the new ad slogan because I haven't had the most positive experience with this place in the past, but time and time again I would book a room here because for a centrally located strip hotel, it ranked as one of the cheaper options. and then each time I stayed I was rudely reminded why.Let's see, where can I start: the rooms are drab, the window views are dismal, even when you're looking out the 'front of the hotel' you see a crap view of empty lots and the freeway.  The restaurants are nothing special and there is not hot nightclub venue that draws in the nightcrowd.  This place is like the Holiday Inn Express of the strip, clean but boring, and purely a place to sleep and maybe partake in the buffet.So this trip my friend who booked the room asked me what my hotel prefs were and I said 'I dont really care, just prefer no Monte Carlo'  and of course guess where we ended up.However this time around I noticed the whole experience felt different.  Ever since the completion and opening of MGM Group's crown jewel Aria City Center, i suspect they have infused a bit more cash and life into this once drab resort.  It's not glaringly obvious but little things like the rooms, amenities and service seem much better, and their shops have new additions with the biggest plus...internal walkway to City Center connecting it to Aria and no longer making the hotel feel like a cut off locked in the attic stepchild.  Also access to the tram gives you free mobility to go to City Center and Bellagio with a gorgeous almost futuristic view of that section of the strip in AC'ed tinted windowed comfort.  Even the crappy pool area seems to have new life as I tried the lazy river and wave pools which seemed quite fun.Whatever MGM did, they sucessfully transformed MC from a solid 'bleah' to 'yeah its ok' hotel in my mind.  The style, amenities and rooms will never approach a Palazzo or Wynn level, but I feel like its not meant to, and thats ok, because you dont have to pay those level prices either.
3	I haven't stayed at the Monte Carlo since the first time I came to Vegas after I turned 21. So much has changed...Monte Carlo is less than the poor man's Bellagio. The ceilings are low and the casino is pretty small. I don't think I'll be staying back here again.+ if you book your rooms through Vegas.com you can receive the same deals you'd get via email/Players Club and if you buy the $100 gift cards from Costco for $80, you can save even more. Oh and look on Retailmenot.com for additional promo codes+ you're able to check-in early- the rooms are small and because of the design of the hotel, you could be miles away from the elevators- there is no vent in the bathroom so you'll hear and smell everything (lol) so bring matches or get them from any casino/restaurant you enter- the room wasn't cleaned well - there was a hair in the sink, tub and floor- there were 3 sets towels for the room, kind of a random number- the TV was ancient and there's only 20 channels (at least 3 or 4 were from the hotel)- there is a $12.95 a night resort fee that is mandatory but it includes...+ gym - very nice gym set-up and free waters, just bring your ID card and give them your room number+ free wired internet (but wireless cost money)+/- printing your boarding pass (we forgot to do this but apparently it was free)+ good location now that there is a free tram that stops at the City Center and at Bellagio; there's also a cross walk that goes right to the Coke World; and it's a short walk from CVS so you don't have to buy $4 waters from the Monte Carlo convenience store- lastly, poker fans, stay away, the room is like a dungeon and filled with locals. They also do not log in your players club card for hours/points.
3	We only stayed here because it was the cheapest of the options in our deal.  The elevators are saunas when it's hot outside.  Our room was about a quarter mile from the elevators.  We had two rooms; one on the 15th floor and one on the 12th.   In order to get from one to the other, we had to go all the way to the first floor and take a different elevator back up.  The rooms also have no fridges.  House keeping was pretty good and it might be worth it for the price we got.  The casino doesn't smell too smoky.
3	Honestly, who sleeps when they're in Vegas. This is a good hotel for those who want to party all night and then have some place to crash afterwards. For $39 a night on certain weeknights who can complain. I have even stayed here on a weekend for less than $250 (Sat/Sun). Even on the weekends they offer one of the lowest rates around town. I like the central location on the strip and I like the convenience of the CVS store just a few steps away. They offer the basic necessities: a bed, a bathroom, a TV, and a food court. The other plus is that they let you check in early.
3	Nothing ritzy, or breath taking. Okay hotel. It gets the job done, you have a place to sleep and you're pretty accessible to most popular areas of the strip. You can access city center by taking the tram in the bellagio and get around easier. Or just walk over to NYNY. Amenities not so impressive. If you're looking to spend all your time getting blasted on the strip, and only need a bed, roof, and some sheets. Be a guest at the Monte Carlo.
4	Great Hotel. Everyone said that it was just ok, but my wife and I loved it. Maybe we dont have high expectations of Vegas, but the room was perfect for us. The hotel is centraly located on the strip which is great for getting around to all the other places on the strip. There is a Monorail that goes to the Belagio, through the new Aria. We had a great time there and would definately stay again. Though i didnt pay attention to other peoples reviews about the Casino..it is true, the dealers are rude.
3	I've been spoiled by staying at Palazzo, Wynn, and Bellagio on our last few visits to Las Vegas.  On our last trip, however, we planned at the last minute and got the best deal at Monte Carlo ($49 Fri/Sat, Comped Sun/Mon).  I really didn't like the fact that they tack on a mandatory $12.95/day "resort fee."  They say it covers use of the pool, local and 800 phone calls, newspaper, printing your boarding pass, and wired internet.  Really, I think these are things that should be included in their normal rate.  Making this additional fee mandatory just puts a sour taste in my mouth...but apparently this is becoming the norm in Vegas.The location of the hotel on the strip is convenient, especially since they have a tram that goes to Aria and Bellagio.  Check-in at 5 pm was quick and easy.  The front desk staff was friendly and welcoming.  The room itself was basic.  It is a bit run down, but I am glad that they did away with those old bedspreads.  The brass bathroom fixtures showed the age of the hotel.  There was some painters tape left on the walls.  There was no fridge or mini-bar in the room.  The pillows are super firm!  They were so hard and high that I decided to sleep with no pillow under my head.  The walls are also really thin and you can hear any time people walk down the hall, doors opening/closing, and conversations in the next room.  My parents were kept awake by loud music and partying going on in the room next to them.The resort itself was pretty good.  We enjoyed the pool and the lounge at Brand Steakhouse.  The ice bar also looked cool, but we didn't want to pay the ~$30/person entry fee.Overall, I'd prefer to stay at Palazzo, but Monte Carlo wasn't bad for the price.  I would consider staying here again if I couldn't get a good deal at one of the luxury hotels.
3	The Monte Carlo definitely gets points for its great location on the Strip.  Beyond that, it is a run of the mill, lower end Vegas hotel.  The lobby is nice, encased in white marble, but small potatoes compared to most Vegas hotels.  Our room decor was comparable to a Holiday Inn- clean and simple, but unmemorable.  The pool is fun, but the pool turned out to be our main issue.  The first day we spent poolside was fun and had a young party atmosphere.  The second day was overwhelmed by an unbearable sewage scent.  The scent would waft in and out, but it was pervasive all day.  It seemed like they were trying to cover it up with some sort of grapefruit mist, which just made a horrible poopfruit hybrid.
2	Having not been to Vegas in a long time; I thought this would be a great place to stay.  The price was right and the location great.  But besides that - there isn't much more.I have NEVER stayed in a hotel room that was so noisy.  It is impossible to take a nap (it is Vegas and there will be those late nights) - so much noise and yelling in the hallways; doors slamming and you can hear everything.  Even house keeping makes a racket.I didn't like the $12.95 / day charge - for the pool and internet? Really?The pool was great; but it reminded me more of spring break than a nice hotel on the strip.
4	Fortunately for the Monte Carlo, no one goes to Vegas to hang outin their hotel room.  While the lobby is gorgeous, the shops are a lot of fun to peruse, the restaurants are good and the swimming pool is heavenly, the rooms are basically a really expensive Best Western.
3	We've stayed at different hotels before in vegas, got a good deal to stay at Monte Carlo. It's an older casino, but with a great location. likes: check in was easy, upgrade was free, beautiful view, rooms were clean, beds were comfortable, casino let us win some money ;), customer service was very friendly, valet was quick, great ambience!dislikes: 12.95 resort fee... booo!
4	This is more or less my go-to hotel and casino in Vegas. By no means the newest or the fanciest. High end dining options are lacking. There is no nightclub (not a big deal to me, but if you are into that sort of thing may be something to consider). What the hotel has going FOR it (and I why I keep coming back): 1. GREAT location - possibly the BEST location on the Strip 2. Easy check in - usually only a very short wait 3. Reasonable Rates 4. Good, clean, basic room 5. The PUB 6. Nice casino - not overly crowded 7. Nice pool Bottom line: If you want a high-end room and don't mind paying for it go elsewhere. But if you want a nice room at a good rate and a great location - this is your place!
3	The Monte Carlo would have received a better rating when I stayed there a few times a few years ago, but during my 3-year MC hiatus, the rooms have gotten beat up and in need of a serious update.There are still a few upsides to the place:- Excellent mid-strip location: next to the new City Center and NYNY, and walking or tram distance to all kinds of other good stuff.- Seems to be about the cheapest place on the strip without dipping into the potentially nasty category of rooms (yes, we're talking about you, IP and Luxor).- Lazy River and "Wave Pool" (more of a slosh-pool) are fun for summer, although the corrugated steel backdrop from the City Center ain't pretty, even if it does shield you from the Vdara Death Ray,- Staff is all-around super cool, except for the check-in girl, who wouldn't take my $20 bribe, er, tip to upgrade my room. - Diablo's (see my review on that fun place) and The Pub.And about those downsides:- That beat-up room:  scratches on the wall, fading carpet, dinged-up furniture, and in 2010, can we at least graduate from the 19" old-school Trinitron to something HD?- $8.50 Bud Light at the pool? - Bag inspections for contraband while entering the pool area.  I think the staff is aware that people make take measures to avoid a $8.50 alumibottle of glorified water.- The "resort charge" nonsense, which gets you all the USA Todays and local phone calls you can handle.For a pretty basic and last-minute Vegas trip, like my last one, the MC works, but doesn't work as well as it once did.
1	I've had better experiences at this hotel. I think I will try other hotels now, after this last visit.We've stayed here before and always got a great room with optimal service. This time around we get a danky hotel room that have walls that are way too thin. * No room service menu or information binder. * Tube TV. * No coffee in-room. * No sewing kit or shower cap. * No outlets near a table or bedside to charge your phone.* No in-room check-out.* Weak shower (i think they're ALL weak), with a dilapidated tub.I think for a Vegas hotel, in a prime location, they should "up the ante" ...pardon the pun.
2	We just returned from our yearly trip to Vegas, and our second stay at Monte Carlo. Last year, I would have given it 4 stars, but this year it only gets 2. What I like: the bed was incredibly comfortable. I could have slept all day in it. I like the fact that they now have a tram to Bellagio, which is super convenient. Easy check in/out. Shorter ride from the airport, so lower cab fare. Two Starbucks on site. I've had great luck on certain slots (better than any other casino). Choice of a couple restaurants that I would pay 2nd visits to (Dragon Noodle & Diablo's Cantina). Nice pools. The casino always smells fresh. Free printing of boarding passes. Great deals if you sign up for their e-mails - but then again, I feel like you get what you pay for (we paid $39 a night for two nights and $49 for the 3rd). I really like the makeup mirror in the bathroom (when it wasn't fogged up).My complaints: (and these are all from this visit) Easy to hear people walking down the halls, and TVs through the walls. We stopped back at our room mid-afternoon one day to nap so we could stay out late, and finally gave up because we could hear conversations and the TV from our neighboring rooms. The bathroom has no ventilation fan, and no light above the shower. We ended up showering with the bathroom door open so we weren't fogged in. The shower was pretty dark. Also, in our room this time, the hair dryer was near death.We don't order room service, but had we wanted to there was no menu or any hotel related binder with hours of restaurants/spa/pool etc. I know we stayed in the standard room, but a dozen channels on a TV that isn't LCD/plasma doesn't really cut it for Vegas standards. We don't go to Vegas to watch TV, but we usually have it on for a few minutes before going to bed. The decor was average. I wouldn't call the room outdated, but there was nothing that made it stand out. Again, we were in a standard room, other rooms at higher price points may be decorated more stylish.We've stayed there twice and even this time wasn't something that I would complain exuberantly about, but we've decided that for our future Vegas trips we will be trying other hotels.
4	I have stayed all around Las Vegas for the past 34 years and have experienced everything from the rooms at Vegas World to the Flamingo motel rooms (yep, the Flamingo had motel rooms where the pool area is now) and suites in Mandalay Bay, Bellagio and TheHotel at MB. And everything in between. But this was my first time staying at Monte Carlo (I had gambled there before however). Here is what I found: Check in (arrived at 1:15 pm) fast and friendly. Room would not  be ready till 3 (and it was).  Stayed in the Monaco Suite. Was very happy. Huge non-smoking room of about 700-800 sq. ft., sitting/couch area, flat screen TV, breakfast/dining area by the window, mini-fridge, 1.5 marble bathrooms, 2 thick terry robes, bar area (non-stocked) all for $250 (tax and resort fee included) Sat and Sunday night stay. The decor was adequate and relaxed. Some nicks on the furniture and one small burn on the carpet but overall a very comfortable, clean and well appointed room-even had 3 beautiful glass vases on the bar. The bed was amazingly comfortable! Was initially worried about noise because the door to our room opened to the main area that everyone spilled into from the elevator. However, we didn't hear a peep. BONUS! The 2 for 1's FLOW at the MC! We basically did a "bar crawl" enjoying the 2 for 1's at "dVino", Brand and The Pub in Monte Carlo. Got a 2 for 1 buffet (not a fan of buffets in general so we ate breakfast there-not bad). The casino: kicked my butt in blackjack ($10 min table) where my bet ranged from $15-$25 a hand.  Won a little back in craps. MC has added a "party pit" type area (next to the new minus 5 degree lounge) where a dancer (think stripper before the stripping takes place) performs as you play blackjack or other table games. Kind of a gambler's "pervert row", not that there's anything wrong with that! Overall an upscale and pleasant environment.The pool: I am used to larger (Mandalay Bay to be specific) but this pool was nice. I would like to see more cabanas available. Love any lazy river and MC's is perfectly fine. Not huge (like MGM's) but nice.Location: Not a lot has to be said here. FANTASTIC. Tram or leisurely walk to Aria (where my girlfriend enjoyed a massage and spent the entire day at the spa) where we ate twice and I gambled some. Crystals at City Center shopping is top shelf  (girlfriend tried on a $24,000 vest) and has art throughout the property. Tram to Bellagio (though I've been using it for years) is fast, clean and always appreciated after all the walking.    Checkout was flawless (even got a late checkout @ 1:00). Bellman and luggage stowage was also smooth. OVERALL I was extremely happy with Monte Carlo and will stay there again. I would stay there in December when I go back, however, I have 3 comped nights at the Palms. But after that, MC here I come!
2	I was pretty disappointed with the room here.  Granted we went to Vegas to have a good time, but it would have been nice to have a room that actually looked like Las Vegas.There were 2 holes in the walls.  There were black marks all over the ceiling.  The A/C didn't work all that well.  The mirror in the bathroom was dirty and there was hair in the sink.  The window was also dirty to look outside.  There was an old standard TV in the room.  I was expecting a flat panel TV.  The bathroom didn't have an exhaust fan.  On the other hand the staff was very friendly and helpful.Like I said it was a disappointment to be in Vegas with a subpar room.  I have stayed in "standard" rooms at other casinos in Kansas City Mo and the rooms there are amazing.
3	the room was lacking a lot of common commodities that a motel 6 may offer you. The view was great of the strip... the casino was alright, the pool was real good though!  It wasn't spectacular, it looked a little dusty and run down.
3	For what it is, it's pretty damn good. Three stars because it is not the best, but most of the time you find some pretty reasonable deals, so you can't really complain.I've read a couple reviews, where people got a deal on a room at the MC for 39 bucks, but then complain it is not as nice as the Bellagio. Check it, you paid 39 bucks, not $350, like a room at some of the higher end casinos. If I paid that amount for the MC then there would be a legit reason to complain.  Which is why I said it's pretty damn good. Comfy bed, clean newer room, cozy atmosphere, and supreme location. Right smack in the middle of the strip. I've stayed here two times now, and had a pretty decent time both trips. Most of the time you are outside of your room, drinking, dancing, gambling, and just straight wondering around. Save some cash and eat at finer restaurants, drink a couple more, and throw down some extra chips on the table. Stay at the MC and thoroughly enjoy your stay in Vegas.
4	Love the access to the other casinos from this place.I love how nice the staff  is
2	I went to the MC 12 years ago, my last time in Vegas, and I loved it and always wanted to stay there.Unfortunately, I forgot that a Vegas minute is faster than a NY minute. And things change in Vegas really fast. The people who come in and out every 2-3 days have got to be a constant wear on the city and the hotels, and with the MC, it shows.The noise you hear from the hall can be down right scary. I jumped up a few times in the middle of the night thinking people were putting their key card into my door, but it was across the hall or next door. I could hear everything through the walls too. My sheets had a rip in them, and were stained. I dropped my room key and when I lifted the bedspread to look for it, there was a ton of crap on the floor from prior guests that had not been vacuumed. Gross.Agree with the others who say the tv channel selection is horrible - you get 12 channels and 2 are MC in house channels, 1 is the Vegas channel which loops ads for the hotels and clubs on the strip, and 1 is a rolling commercial for the show in the MC. I said to everyone on the plane going home: The city of Vegas has a great PR agency. They make it look like everything is new and ritzy and glamorous, and in reality, it's all wheelchairs, oxygen machines and run down hotels unless you pay top dollar, or go downtown - where the casino employees are cute. In the strip hotels, they have gone way downhill in terms of appearance. It's surprising.I'd go back, but if I'm going to stay at a sub par hotel, I'll take the Ex Calibur, which is really the cheapest on the strip.
2	Ugh I'm a little hesitant to write this review because that means I have to admit I stayed here. I must add, I stayed here for good reason, I'm cheap. Give me a room in Vegas with a good location on the strip and I'll pay $40 for two nights to share it with 3 friends. That's a steal.  I knew I wasn't at the Belagio when on the way to our room I noticed the room next  to us was missing it's room # plaque. Don't worry, nothing a sharpie pen can't fix at the Monte Carlo. Sharpied right on the wall "room #4322".  Well, that set a classy vibe for the weekend. Rooms are nothing special here. A completely normal hotel room with a completely normal bathroom. Nothing special, but served it's purpose. Surprisingly this place has a really nice pool! The pool is huge I'm surprised they don't promote it more. It  has everything including a lazy river a few spas and a few different sized pools.  Other than the pool everything else pretty much lacked. No bars, clubs, shopping or anything spectacular.  There food court even sucked and that's pretty hard to do because I'll eat just about anything.   Don't come here expecting to be wowed you'll be very disappointed if you do.
3	I've been to Vegas several times and like to try new hotels to mix it up. For being Monte Carlo I was expecting a little more. I stayed in a standard room for a birthday weekend. They gave us a handicap room, which we did not request and got stuck with. So everything was very "accessible." Not a happy camper.The location is not bad, walking distance to just about everything in the main strip. The rooms were clean and standard and the view was OK. The room walls were a little thin. I could hear the showers going off and some noises going on in the other rooms. Diablo's Bar is cool to check out----they have the greatest Nachos ever. Overall the casino and rooms are just average. Check in and check out was a breeze. Staff was friendly as well.
3	Monte Carlo seems to be doing much better with the new casino/hotel development next door in full swing. I love the addition of the free tram that goes to Aria, Crystals and the Bellagio. The new Minus 5 Experience (bar made entirely out of ice-even the cups) is a welcome addition, as well. They really needed something new and fun. Rooms are the same as they have been for at least 3 years. Very basic but comfy beds and bedding. Still a lack of water pressure and hot water at times if you shower in the early am. I stay here on business trips and I think a lot of other places do too because of their stellar wait staff ad conference room service. We have seen the same faces for 3 years and it's always nice to see the company loyalty there. Check-in is always a zoo. The Staff makes up for it with friendliness and I have never been denied a request for a complimentary late check out. Food court in the casino makes dining on the cheap possible. They even have subway with the $5 footlong. An unheard of Vegas meal price! The food court includes a Starbucks, Subway, McDonalds, Rubios and Haagen Daz. Around the corner from the casino in the shops is a great watering hole simply named, The Pub. Great food and good for watching sports. Best Kobe beef burger in town. Monte Carlo has a wonderful pool area with volleyball courts, lazy river and a wave pool. The bar by the pool has great drink specials before 3 pm. Try the frozen pink lemonade concoction. If you gamble- don't here. Tightest casino I have bet been to. They have added a bearable game area with dancers to compete with Planet Hollywood's Pleasure Pit which seemed to be a big hit with a lot of the male coworkers. Brand Steakhouse turns into a karaoke bar on Thursdy nights which is a tradition for us at my job. It is small and gets very crowded so reservations are recommended but they will hold $50 intuit card even though the table seating for reservations is first come first served. Basically you are guaranteed a table, but it could be a small crummy one. I enjoyed my most recent stay at the Monte Carlo. I know I will be back because my job requires it, and I will continue to update on their progress. Things are looking better for this once struggling hotel.
2	We stayed in the casino for about 40 minutes; 20 minutes longer than we wanted to. When I tried to cash out at the penny slot I was wasting money on, the machine refused to print my ticket. My boyfriend, at the slot machine next to mine, was able to print his, but no other machine, including the cash dispenser, would accept it again. After pressing the attendant call button and flagging down a cocktail waitress, eventually a nice old man came and apologized, and handed me my cash right away.I'm giving it two stars instead of one because on the way out, we saw a sign explaining that they were experiencing network issues with the slot machines, so I appreciate their candidness. Unfortunately, there are probably 20 entrances to the casino, and there was no such sign on the one through which we entered.
4	Not sure why people are knockin this place cause I think it is quite decent for what you pay. Almost every room has a view too, ours faced NY, NY and Excalibur. The location is pretty cool cause it is the connected to the tram which takes you all the way down to the Bellagio for free. The pool and food court are conveniently located right by the elevators and front desk so you don't have to hike all over hell and gone. Our group frequented Starbucks and Rubios the most which were both overall a good experience. They also have a Subway, pizza joint and a Mickey D's. The pool is pretty sweet they have a lazy river, wave pool and a beach volleyball court. Thing I liked too is they aren't super anal about bringing in outside food or drinks. I would like it if they had a bigger spa though or maybe more than one. Overall the staff was very friendly and we got towels and other necessities quickly. I would stay here again.
2	The Monte Carlo is a decent place to stay, but aside from that, there is not much else to do at the hotel. There used to be a brewery, but now that is gone...and along with it, any chance that I will ever really visit Monte Carlo unless I happen to get comped a room there.The rooms are all decent. Nothing special, nothing amazing, but livable for a few nights away from home. I can't even begin to review the casino, because I have never really gambled here outside of the Poker Room, and only for a few minutes at that the only time I was there. Basically, the Monte Carlo is only good for sleeping and not much else, in my opinion.
4	50 pc (YES, FIFTY!!) McDonald's McNuggets for $9.99 in the food court here. DELICIOUS!!Rooms are pretty decent. Service is good and attentive.
5	The Monte Carlo Hotel & Casino is an outstanding hotel for the price.  We stayed there 11/13/10 thru 11/16/10 in a Spa Suite that over looked The Vegas Strip with views of MGM Grand & NYNY Hotel.  The price we paid was the same that we would have paid at Excalibur for a suite.  The front desk agent was very friendly, as was all the staff.  We didn't have to wait more than 1 minute in any line.  The only glitch we had  was on arrival, they didn't have our suite ready, and were told we would have to wait one hour as they cleaned it, and  to then check with the desk...meaning we didn't get our room till 6pm, however this was made up for, and the room had a  great view.  We loved the layout of this hotel, because the elevators are just off the lobby, along with the food court, and shops.  The Casino is big but not unmanageable like some of its neighbors.  The hotel doesn't smell like smoke, however like a few other hotels they do have a fragrance smell, but I liked it better than smelling the cigarettes/cigar smoke.  A huge highlight was the Free Tram that runs from Monte Carlo to Bellagio this saved us time, and walking city center is confusing at best, due to all the ongoing construction.Its funny that before this trip we never really considered this hotel, as we had never even set foot on the property, because there isn't much  to draw big crowds however this is a great property for us as we go to see shows, gamble, shop, and eat.We will definitely stay here again.
2	Definitely not the Venetian!! The room is tiny, the bathroom is tiny and the hotel is inconveniently located.However, the beds were comfortable. However, I found the roll-out bed was not. Housekeeping is pretty prompt in delivering towels.Nonetheless, the place is cheap!
1	For a first experience of Vegas, this hotel just did not do it for me. Front desk was extremely rude. Especially when we inquired about a coupon for the buffet. He had no reason to say "oh i don't think you were suppose to get one, but let me check." Before we even gave him our room number. He basically profiled us. The room was okay. Outdated to say the least.
4	We stayed here, five people in one room. We drove in the middle of the night and arrived at 9:30AM in Las Vegas. We decided to try to check in early. They did have a room ready for us, actually upgraded to a higher floor that overlooked the strip AND took $50 off the bill. Not quite sure why, but hey, we're not going to argue.The room was clean, didn't smell like smoke (even though some hotels say the rooms are non-smoking, they still smell). The house keeping cleaned up well everyday. The beds were comfy and the bathroom fit two of us at a time for getting ready. Yes, you could hear groups of people when they walked by...but it didn't wake us up or anything. The room served the purpose -- we slept, we pre-gamed, we got ready to go to the clubs. The parking garage was close...make sure you park on level 2, then you don't have to ride the elevator or climb the stairs to get to the casino entrance. The food court is really what sold our group. Starbucks, Subway, Rubio's. Sbarro, McDonalds. We ate here at least once per day. Real savings on food, if you're not looking to spend a lot at hotel restaurants. It was too cold to go swimming, so we didn't see the pool. But we are fans of this hotel and will probably stay again. You can't beat the price.
4	Pros: great customer service, fast check in/check out(even if the lobby looks full because there are a lot of front desk workers), comfy bed, friendly staff, fast room serviceCons: mandatory resort fee PER NIGHT(which was useless & a waste of money because I didn't use it at all), lack of channel selection(which didn't matter since I was rarely in the hotel room), room was not 100% cleaned- couple things were left behind from last guests, mandatory deposit at bookingOverall, Monte Carlo was a good hotel and I wouldn't mind staying here again! The price is good and the pros definitely outweighs the cons.I would recommend this hotel room to a friend.
2	I first stayed at the Monte Carlo 9 or 10 years ago and have been here 5 times, including earlier this month.  I continue to come back as it is one of the cheapest places to stay on the south Strip.  If you want a luxurious or lavish place to stay in LV, this is not it.  If you want a simple place to crash after a long day of drinking and gambling, the Monte Carlo will work just fine.  I have had no problems with the rooms, they just aren't that impressive.  MC has a very nice low limt poker room which is tucked away from all the noise of the slot machines.  Other than that, nothing noteworthy here.
3	Stayed for a conference at special rates so the price was A-OK. The Suite was OK and had a jacuzzi, but the 'strip view' was disappointing since we were so far from the strip all we could see was the top of the casino.CASINO! - PEDER!!!!!  (Peh-dare or Peter?) Watch out for this older scandinavian mustached gentleman dealer, he will take all your money!!!!!! Aside from that the casino is a nice cozy size with all the games you could want. Warm-up Goldfish for me so I can hit the jackpot :)Pros: location, tram to aria bellagio, and the icebar.Cons: It's no Venetian or Wynn or even douchebag Bellagio.
4	For $69/night, I can't complain.  The room was a decent size, the bathroom was huge, and it's at an excellent location on the strip.  When we checked in, I attempted the sandwich trick by sticking a $20 between a credit card and ID in an attempt to get an upgrade.  The guy was honest and checked all the suites but they were unavailable for 3 consecutive nights but gave us back our money and put us on a higher floor with a view of the strip which was pretty nice.  Unfortunately, November is too cold so the pool was pretty dead but my GF and I did check it out.  There are like 3-4 different pools including a lazy river and a wave pool but too bad the hot tub was broken.  In addition, there's a very useful store downstairs across from the lobby to buy your snacks and alcohol.  There's also a small food court with McDs and Sbarro that's open late so you can grab a bite after partying before heading back to your room.  And lastly, there's a tram that takes you from to the City Center and into Bellagio which is pretty convenient.  Overall, great stay at an excellent price.  I would definitely stay here again.
2	This place is a dump. Rooms are outdated - not just looks-wise, but they offer no amenities such as ipod docks, or even tv-checkout services. Beds are comfortable. Our bathroom was fine, but shower had very little water pressure resulting in lukewarm showers. And the tub dripped incessantly. The valet doesn't do call-downs either. Ugh. What hotel doesn't offer this service? Average restaurants, average casino - won't be back.
3	I spent four nights here with some friends for my first Vegas vacation. While the lobby was beautifully decorated and the check in was fast and courteous the rest of it is kind of blah - neither spectacular or terrible. The rooms were spacious, but the keyboard that goes to the website didn't work and the walls are super thin. Any time our neighbor used his restroom we could hear him picking up and putting down items on the countertop as well as the typical plumbing noises. The water pressure in the bathroom's shower was weak, the water temperature from the bathroom shower head was tepid at best, from the bathtub it was perfect, and from the sink it could melt the flesh off the bone it got so hot. The casino is blah. The slot machines are the same everywhere, but the dealers here with only a few exceptions looked like they hated their job or the night (perhaps their life) was really rough on them. The concierge was pretty much the same. She acted like we were bothering her when we tried to find some information.  Yet, the tram from the Monte to the Bellagio is super convenient, the restaurants and bars are rather tasty, and the stores are down to earth. Housekeeping was super sweet and even came back to our room. The spa, while not large or spectacular looking was fantastic. The location on the strip is rather nice as well.
4	Hands down my first choice hotel to stay at in Vegas.Clean rooms, friendly staff, awesome pool area, centrally located, low price. What's not to like? I've stayed here both times I went to Vegas and was not disappointed. On my most recent visit I was able to check in and go to my room at 11:30AM. While the rooms are nice and clean, there is some noticeable wear and tear on the fixtures in the bathroom. Other than that I have no complaints about the room. There are plenty of options for meals and entertainment in all different price ranges. From the food court to a steakhouse and everything in between (even a cupcake shop!). The gym and spa are really nice. My friends and I got our money's worth of the resort fee ($12.95 per room per day) by using the gym 4 days on our visit and maybe taking more than our share of the complimentary water bottles (a bottle in the gift shop will set you back $3!). Use of the gym is included in the resort fee, but if you want to use the sauna/steam room/indoor jacuzzi it is $5 per day per person. Since we were running the Rock n Roll Las Vegas Half Marathon during our stay we decided to splurge on this stuff the day of the race and it was the perfect way to relax afterwards.Pool area is awesome and even though on my most recent visit it was a bit chilly for it (50's-60's), my friends and I still went down one day and took advantage of the hot tub with intermittent dips in the regular pool. Sadly (although understandably because it was too cold for it) the wave pool and lazy river were closed.Overall a great value, I think we paid something like $100/night for 5 nights. Will definitely stay here if coming back to Vegas!
3	I arrived in Vegas for the first time and my friend picked this hotel for us to stay at for the next 3 days since its somewhere in the middle of the strip.  The lobby was nice and the staff were friendly. The only problem I had with this hotel was when we checked in they did not give us the room that we originally wanted.  We wanted a king size but were give two queen.  Also, the towels in our room did not smell fresh and clean.  But the room was decent enough.  Nice shops inside the hotel, easy to get a cab and the tram connecting it to adjacent hotels was really convenient instead of walking outside the strip.  We had fun at The Pub lounge during karaoke night.  It was a blast and we really enjoyed the buy one get one free drink special.  I don't gamble so I cannot comment on the casinos.  But overall, our stay was pleasant.
5	I'm giving this hotel a great rating for a few reasons. Read below!So when we checked in we were told the Monaco Suite we paid for was on the 7th floor an not the highest floor (we expected 30 and higher) so "Woody" who checked us in let us know that there was a room available the next day on the 30th floor and that he would save it for us. I liked that he did that, it showed how he is willing to go above and beyond and that the Monte Carlo has terrific customer service.  We also interacted with the concierge and I found that they were also very nice, helpful and willing to give us all and any info we needed to get to whatever or wherever we needed and how much a cab should cost to where we were going so we don't get ripped off!There may not be a lot going on at this hotel but the staff are super friendly and helpful so we are moat definitely coming back and staying here next time!
4	One of my favorite spots to stay and gamble at in Las Vegas. Hotel rooms are nice - usually very clean and well maintained. Parking is very accessible to the hotel - not as much walking as other spots on the Strip. Staff is friendly and pleasant. Decent location and with a tram stop going to Bellagio and another just down the Strip that goes from Excalibur to Mandalay Bay, it's easy to get around there. Low key Sports Book that is often not too busy, which makes it nice for those of us who use it. My only complaint at Monte Carlo is that they hit you up with a $14.50 "resort fee" which to me is more of a nuisance tax. If they need the money that bad, they should just include it in the rate.
4	We really enjoyed our time at Monte Carlo.   It's in a good location and service is very good.
3	yeah--we had a great view. BUT, we're talking some sloppy housekeeping. not only was there a double fist sized rip in our top sheet, but i had to tuck in the bottom sheet on both the top and bottom of the mattress before lullaby time! seriously, the mattress pad was exposed, and it's not like i'd been having a party all over the bed that would have caused this. excellent water pressure. toilet had eerily powerful flush which pleased the mister to no end. casino itself and halls in hotel smelled of powder--kind of like a talcum version of tea rose. not my thing. i mean, it's not like the monte carlo could possibly know that my mother wore tea rose perfume and that any time i smell it, i am reminded of her in the most proustian of ways (i say this having failed on multiple occasions to successfully read any proust), which is generally not a good thing, but there you have it. a casino that attempts to cover up ashes with rose powder. nice to have access to a starbucks within the hotel off the lobby. check in and out was super easy. honestly, had the bed not had the ripped sheet and been made a bit tighter, i would have given the monte carlo 4 stars, but as it is, i just can't. princess wants a tidily made bed... price was 120.00, booked via expedia.
5	Beautiful as ever!
2	Smells like burning hand lotion. And, you have to walk for forever to get to that free tram. Anyplace with Sbarro's can't be all that good.
2	For years I have been under the impression that the Monte Carlo was an affordable luxury hotel\casino, but it turns out this impression was completely unfounded. Though the Monte Carlo's lobby does Support my original theory, the rest of the 'resort' leaves much to be desired.Guest Rooms: Standard rooms are very small, decor is out of date. My thermostat said it was 68 degrees but the room felt more like 78. The bathroom wallpaper was stained and peeling, faucets and knobs were mismatched. The whole place seemed cobbled together from spare parts. My room at the Circus Circus was way bigger and nicer!Casino: The casino itself is small and doesn't offer enough table games. The decor is typical obnoxious Vegas, but in better condition than the rooms.Restaurants: Considering the size of the resort, there are a lot of dining options, including several sit-down restaurants and several fast-food places. The Pub is the best of the dining options, but it won't be winning any awards.Shopping: Forget it unless you love Vegas kitsch. Location: Excellent location! This is about the only thing the Monte Carlo has going for it. Right in the middle of the strip, walking distance to most of the best casinos including the Bellagio, Caesars, Venetian...When it comes to bargain hotels, The Circus Circus, and Sahara are hard to beat. If you want luxury, spend a little extra money, check out the Venetian, Caesars, The Bellagio, MGM Grand, and Planet Hollywood.
2	new gripes...- thanks for knocking on my door at 9am on Christmas morning for house keeping when the DND sign on the door- 11 AM check out is kind of a pain (in Vegas, heh)- SBUX does not accept gift cards (so I can get points) because they are not owned by corporate (wtf?)- to use the spa/pool in the work out room is $5 (in additional to the $14.50 resort fee you're already pay)- screw you Deal or No Deal machine ;-)
2	You get what you pay for. The good things about this place is that its close to the middle of the strip with access to the city center, crystal shops, Aria, and Belligio through the tram. The hotel was cheap and the lobby is nice. Now the bad things: - The walls are extremely thin so you could hear every conversation, every toilet flush, every shower, and every door being opened and closed. They were so thin that you could hear your neighbor having SEX! Very disturbing!!- Housekeeping is horrible: we had five pillow and all but one had a stain. Even the comforter had a stain. -The bathroom, most of the furniture, bed, and television were outdated or old and need replacing.- There was no coffee maker. Why provide free coffee when you can charge $3.75 for a Starbucks coffee downstairs. - No mini bar-The smell of so called rose petals smells good at first, but soon gets overwhelming and give you a headache. If you are looking for cheap stay in Las Vegas then this is your place. If you are looking for more comfort then I recommend somewhere else.
3	I consider this to now be a value hotel. The hotel shows its age in the hallways and rooms. The carpets have spots on them. The elevators are scratched up. BUT... the place is cheap, and there seem to be quite a few people with kids, compared to a few years ago. And it's easy to get to the food court, for the folks with kids or on a budget. The bars have all new decor, and the "HIT" bar featured the best Mai Tai I've had - original 1944 Victor Bergernon recipe.There's easy access to free parking  in the Self Park lot. The staff are quite patient and friendly. But there's no fridge in the room, and the large old TV is rather depressing.Another Yelper suggested renovated upper floors, but this does not apply to the "Higher Floor Deluxe". These are the same standard rooms, but just on a higher floor. The Front Desk guy hinted that the renovations would begin in 2011 or 2012.Overall, for folks looking to just party and not looking for pampering and opulence, Monte Carlo provides a central place on the Strip to set up camp, and crash at.
2	It's cheap and in a good location, that's about all that good. When you go to Monte Carlo, you aren't going there because it's nice. I thought nothing could beat the traumatizing experience of seeing white male underwear (NOT boxers) which were stained blue for some reason abandoned in the middle of a Stratosphere hallway. . . I was wrong. Traumatizing is when you wake up in a smoking room, that REEKS of smoke when you booked a non-smoking room and find out that the comforter you were sleeping in had blood streaks all over the inside. Not blood streaks that you get after the sheets had been washed, but freshly dried blood streaks from sheets that had NOT been washed. We did get our rooms changed, but the next day, the boys found stains in their new room's sheets. . .  2/6 is pretty bad Monte Carlo. . . I know you are cheap, but get it together. Luxor is a little further, and almost always comparably priced. Might I suggest that you stay at Luxor's new wing? It's better furnished, there aren't terrible dust bunnies on the base of the table lamps, and you won't wake up feeling like you rolled around in someone else's. .  ahem. . If you MUST go cheap and stay on the strip, give Monte Carlo a try, I for one, will not be going back.
3	It's a nice hotel. It's right in the center of The strip.
5	Monte Carlo is awesome. They have great dining, and good gambling. I woudn't recommend the poker room, but that's because I only appreciate the classier poker rooms in Vegas. We had a great time at Minus 5, the Ice bar/lounge where everything is made of ice from floor to ceiling. Made some good friends there and had lots of fun. Diablo's and The Pub are also great places to stop by, however, if you come for The Pub's happy hour, make sure you know exactly what it is and don't let the waiters pretend like it doesn't exist(read more about it in my review of the pub).We usually stay at the Monaco Suite. It's a decent sized suite with a flat screen and living room area and 1.5 bathrooms(a full sized bathroom and one bathroom with just toilet and sink). The decor is nice and the couches are comfy. The monaco suite also comes with a fridge so its great for keeping your drinks cold rather than having to keep going to the ice machine. We definitely enjoy the Monte Carlo every time we come and couldn't ask for anything more, well maybe if their tv's allowed for my laptop to hook into it, that would be the only thing. Oh, and one of the most important things, the resort fee is about $14 which is mid-grade for vegas but they have free wi-fi which is hard to find when looking for somewhere to stay.
3	Pros:- Great location on the strip and easily accessible to NY NY, MGM, Bellagio, Caesar's Palace, M&M world, Coke building, Ross, Food Court.- CHEAP prices!  If you have an MGM player's club card, call into Casino Marketing to make your reservation.  The last time I stayed at Monte Carlo, I got super cheap rates!  The price to stay here alone is worth it!- Gambling is great!  Finally a casino where you can actually WIN some money and will not rape your wallet royally.  The only problem is trying to peel yourself away when you're winning lol.Cons:- Rooms feel a little older.  It seems as though the rooms on the 20th floors on up are a little newer.  The hallway flooring are definitely cleaner & sheets seems cleaner.  I also had to switch rooms after my first night because my room door, safe and lights were not working. - Room walls were also very thin.  We could hear the couple arguing next door all the way up until 5:30 am.  Good lord, give it a rest, you're in Vegas- what is there to argue about?!- Some of the dealers here make it very apparent that they don't get tipped/would like to get tipped.  Don't get me wrong- they have some really friendly dealers here, it's just a select few that act that way.
3	I used to come here a lot as a kid. I came here once 2 yrs ago for Christmas and this time I found myself @ Monte Carlo again for New Years Eve.Although somewhat of an older hotel now, I feel Monte Carlo is decent. Beds are fine, bathroom is clean. A few downers though are the underwhelming TV and the funky shower faucet. Perhaps the biggest downer is how audible the water piping is, meaning if someone a room next door or upstairs were to turn on a faucet, the sound would be quite loud. Sounds like a large cardboard box being dragged across the floor.Other than that, Monte Carlo is not bad. Not the oldest, not the newest. And esp for New Years, I feel as long as you have a bed to sleep on, you should be fine because for the most part you're gonna be out drinking and engaging in your various shennanigans. I know I did :)
4	This hotel is nice.  It is a little out dated but it is clean and kept up well.  I looooved the location.  I stayed two nights in two different rooms with two different views.  One side has a view of the paris, m&m factory, MGM and Excalibur.   The other side looks out at the pool, Aria, and city center (I liked that side better).  There is a tram that runs from Monte Carlo to Aria, City Center and the Cosmo.  I liked that.  The pool looked amazing, although it was closed because of the weather.  The room was pretty nice.  The tv's were old but the beds were amazingly comfortable!  The bathroom was ok the second night our bathroom sink was clogged.  But everything was really clean.  I would absolutely stay here again!
4	Hubby n I needed a retreat from our day to day life.  He surprised me with a room that included a jacuzzi facing the strip!  This room also included a wet bar which came in handy as we bought our own alcohol.  The room was nice and pretty clean.  What I didn't like was the hallway smelled like old musky cologne.  I don't think it was from an old man because that smelled lingered there during our whole stay,  The elevators were pretty accessible meaning they weren't crowded all the time, like some other hotels.  I really like the location of the Monte Carlo, smack in the middle of the strip.  Another plus is that it tram that connects to the the Aria and to the Bellagio,  It was super cold when we were there last week, 40's, and we didn't want to be walking from one place to the next.
4	I know, everyone is probably thinking, um, the Monte Carlo?!?  Never heard of it...why would I want to stay there?  I want to stay at the Bellagio or some place swanky!And that is when I'm going to call you a n00b.  Because let's review what one does when one come to Vegas: drink, gamble, shop, eat, and do inappropriate things that you can't get away with in your dinky little hometown.  Notice that none of those items include "sleep" or "bed" (not even doing the inappropriate things.  If you're doing it right, it'll be out in public with a cop on the verge of arresting you.  Heh.  I kid.  Sort of.).  So why blow all that money on staying in the Bellagio (BTW, the non-suite rooms are pretty tiny), when you're only go to use it to pass out?Now that that's been covered, here's why the Monte Carlo rocks my socks:1) It has a great location!  Centrally located across from MGM and Luxor, right on the Strip.2) Rooms are big and roomy and very clean.  Not overly imaginative in the decor, but hey, I didn't come to Vegas to spend all my time in a hotel room (see paragraph 2 of this review)!3) Not overly themey.  Don't get me wrong, I love all the theme hotels - I can spend hours in the Venetian or the Bellagio walking through their lobbies and shops, but I don't like to stay there, because I don't want to deal with annoying tourists (yes, I know I'm one too) while trying to get back to my room to pass out from drinking waaaaay too much.4) The staff is generally very nice.  Each time I've come, I've asked for a room with a view of the Strip and each time, the front desk is able to accomodate me without giving me dirty looks or hem and haw over prices or any other nonsense.5) There is a GREAT diner in this hotel, which seems like the lamest thing to be excited about...except when you've been awak for 26 hours and realized that you haven't eaten a bite for 20 of those hours, and you're on the verge of passing out but you need to get some food in you before you do, or you may die and never awaken.6) It's connected to the Tram that will take you over to the Luxor and all that.  The Deus bus stop is right out front.  Yes, I hate walking so this really matters a lot to me.7) The price!  Even before I start hitting up all the discount price sites for steals and deals, the rooms are usually around $60 - $100/ night.  After I start searching for deals, I can usually snag the room for about $39/night.  Um, HECK YEAH!  Especially considering where it's located!
2	Most of what I'm writing below has already been mentioned, so its just confirmation from another former guest.  PROS:Location. Price. Entertainment options.CONS:Pretty much everything else including... rooms are very outdated featuring a tube (!) TV, old linens, stained carpeting and upholstery (and I mean tons of stains), dark brown decor, very old/outdated fixtures in the bathroom, wired internet featuring the broken plugs, overwhelming smoke smell even in the non smoking rooms/areas, lack of room comfort in bed and chairs etc. The rooms 'feel' dirty and the bathrooms are definitely rarely given proper attention.The top six floors are probably the newest due to the massive fire that broke out in 2008. I stayed on the top floor (not the Hotel 32) and did not experience anything new as it all felt early 2000s.The most ironic is that the hotel is named for the Place du Casino in the actual Monte Carlo in Monaco - I've been there and even with that historic building (built in 1858) feels fresher than this hotel. Argh.I wish the MGM/Mirage group would realize they can spend a few $ for some facelifts or at least turn the property in to something valuable.
2	The Monte Carlo - which pretends that it is a businessman/businesswoman's hotel in addition to a casino - has gone downhill.Technology in the room is state-of-the art 1996.   No wifi. No HD.  An alarm clock from 1976.Food and beverage options: watered down drinks.  Nothing that approaches fresh fruit and vegetables among restaurant choices.Need I go on?Exercise gear that is broken for days.A checkin/checkout system that verges on chaos.  And a "enforcer" in the lobby that berates guests on checkin.Finally: a management that is clueless and tone deaf when a business customer calls to register complaints.And yes- the rooms smell of "old"    If you are in town for business and expect your hotel to provide contemporary guest services, look elsewhere.
3	I'm at Vegas for CES and needed a cheap place to stay. Found Monte Carlo on Bookit for $60 total for CES weekend. (Must've been a price mistake) so I figured why not. Front desk is a bit disorganized as the lines just sort of just merge from everywhere. Not to mention they took a long time checking each guest in. Got to my room and housekeeping was still in there.. (wth) ok fine, whatever.. they had to fix a broken lamp. I'm not going to complain about that since they did make the effort to fix something that was broken.The restroom towels seems kind of.... not clean? Haha.. I don't know how to properly explain it. Just seemed not properly put up.I think for the price I paid it's definitely not something to complain about, but if I had gone with the a rate of more than $120, I would expect something better.
3	I choose the Monte Carlo about every other time I visit Vegas.For the price it's a clean, polished hotel without the crazy theme stuff. If they would just fix a few issues it would be my all time favorite and I'd stay every time I come here.CONS - would give 4 stars if these were addressed1. Spa closes at 7PM. They should be open until at least 8PM like other resorts on the strip. So often after a hard day of having fun there isn't enough time to make use of the spa. 2. All pools and outdoor area is totally closed from around Oct to Mar. Yet most other resorts have at least one outdoor pool and jacuzzi open all year.3. They have a nice large marble tiled lobby, but no easy chairs to relax in. To be fair, most of the hotel/casinos don't provide any places to just relax. If the Monte Carlo added 10 or 12 comfortable lounge chairs it would really be great.PROS- best value (price for what you get) in Vegas- location. Connected to tram for Aria and Bellagio. From Bellagio, just a short walk to Caesars Palace.- Decent lean rooms. Good beds. Bathrooms could use a lighting update.- Nicely laid out hotel/casino with a clean non touristy look.
4	Another stay here and I still haven't been swayed towards the negative. It was extremely convenient to catch the shuttle to CES. Although the hotel was a stop, we could never seem to make it in time for the 10:30am cut off. Fortunately, it's along the route of the City Center Tram, which also stops at the other shuttle area at the Bellagio. The staff was wonderful as always. Even my friends who have never stayed here until this past weekend loved it too. Then again, anything's better than Motel 6.
3	an oldie but a goodie. there's nothing spectacular here (except for the Jabbawokeez and the pool.. haven't used it but i've heard about it!). this hotel gets the job done. everything is just enough; not particularly exceptional and not ridiculously bad. just right. The rooms here are quaint. I didn't have any crazy stains (thank god) like some other reviewers. In Vegas i don't know how much time all of you spend in your rooms but we were rarely there (and if we were there we were passed the hell out lol). beds are cozy, tv is a cube, and bathroom is presentable. again, nothing to woo you... it is what it is. what i love about the monte carlo is their food court. i don't eat too much, i'm more of a snacker. while vegas is full of amazing buffets i never get my money's worth. do i really want to shell out 40 bucks to eat one plate of pick and pull stuff? not really. ill take my dollar menu thank you! the food court is open all the time (i went at 3am to get a pizza at sbarro). they have your mcds, sbarro, subway, starbucks.. just to name a few. similar to a mall foodcourt only less crowded. big plus? it doesnt smell like casino in there! front desk people are friendly, they don't judge. me and my girl wandered into the lobby after a fun night at TAO only to realize we forgot what room we were staying in. we went up to the front desk attendant and explained our situation then she happily tended to us. thank god she didn't give us a "these drunk b*tches" look otherwise we wouldve exchanged some words. YAY for help! A-OK monte carlo. when people tell you you're old just say you're a classic.
4	Old hotel but always filled with guest and tourists. The Jaba was a great addition to this hotel!
4	good location, neighboring stores,  reasonable price, clean, fast food down stairs. the only complaint was that i paid for strip view but didn't strip view, nice view but not what i wanted. didn't get to see jwockeez downstairs.....thanks friend.
4	I've always loved Monte Carlo, less the time we spent there during renovations after their fire a few years back. The rooms are always clean and in good taste--no cheesy Vegas haunt here! They are always decently priced...not my favorite of the casino/hotels but it will do for a quick trip and you can't beat the centralized location!
3	I was surprised at how reasonably price the rooms are here not to mention clean and hospitable.  It's primo location, right in the middle of the Strip and it really is a nice hotel.  The pool area is pretty large, complete with a lazy river.  It's no Mandalay pool but it's less crowded and the rooms are way cheaper.  I would definitely stay here again!
3	Leaving a delightful Jabbawockeez performance we headed to valet. Now to wait for the car to pull up, wait what's this? Why is this chick stopped and completely hanging out her SUV window? Directly at the valet stop, in front of everyone??"My name is Debra, and I used to be an ADDICT. I used to take exstasy, do coke, and whatever else I could find! Drink, party, do drugs, IT WAS THE DEVIL! I HAVE FOUND JESUS, AND YOU SHOULD TOO! (*passenger's voice "Jessssusssss!") RUNNING THESE STREETS, there was a time I'd do ANYTHING for the drugs. ANYTHING. Jesus is the way, it's the ONLY DAMN WAY TO GO!!!!!! Do you hear me you damn fools? JESUS YEAAAAAAAAAAA JESUSSSSSSSS!!!!!!"The show was great, but I will always remember Monte Carlo just because of that chick. There were maybe 25 people all just looking around like "What the fuck just happened?" Crazy ass Jesus freaks, I swear to god.... They must pass out meth at her church because that chick was straight tweaking out. I'm sure Jesus really approved of her being at a casino in Las Vegas in the first place. Why does Jesus make people so bat shit crazy? On that note, I went out to get hammered. Yay for booze!
1	Stay away, stay away unless all you care about is price. The rooms are disgusting. The water pressure in the shower nearly took my skin off and the hotel sucks. Seriously someone puked in the elevator and they just left it...gross! It's only redeeming quality is the new section that connects to the tram that takes you too the tram and the new resort Aria. Ugh...never again.
1	My least favorite casino on the strip. Enough said.
4	Not sure why everyone dogs the check in service. They were very friendly and helpful. Even upgraded my room to a higher floor at no cost because they had a cancellation.Loved the convenient food court for the late night SBarros or McD's. Also morning Starbucks. For the price it's a great value. Clean and in the upper 1/2 of Vegas Casinos.
5	Always stay here when we come to Vegas. Mainly because of the online discounts and the food court. Diablo's is fun! We love the pool area too!
3	As with all hotels on the strip, after they are open for 2 years -- they become boring. I really like this hotel since it's inexpensive (like back in 2008 when it caught fire, and called them to make reservations for a trade show in June ... $39 bucks baby!) Hey, so what if I take advantage of their misfortune? But, from what I remember ... I *think* we are in the age of technology! I was up in Hotel 32 (the top floor of the Monte Carlo) and couldn't check in to any location INSIDE the hotel, let alone make a phone call. Come to find out they have all these iPhone apps, so I wonder if they have a deal with AT&T ... so guess what all you AT&T peeps, THIS is THE PLACE where you get CELL RECEPTION! So each time I had to make a phone call, or check in to any restaurant inside Monte Carlo, or the spa, I had to leave the building. I was baffled that I was practically on the roof of this building and STILL couldn't get any reception. Blah, this is the FIRST time in 16 years that I found a location Verizon isn't at. No wonder they still have land lines in all the rooms, huh?The staff is always friendly, and I always get an early check in. The spa and the gym are nice, but this visit I was put off by the weird *aroma* they had piped throughout the casino. We all seemed to notice this, and each time I left the casino I was happy to take a deep breath of Vegas diesel air on The Strip.
3	From the old school music playing, to the 35-45 year crowd cruising the joint drunk (myself included), to the smoke infested gaudy chandelier clad casino with the air pumped full of grandma's perfume to cover up the smoke infested smell, everything about this place screamed 1992 (or 1996 when this place opened).  I was so disappointed.Fast forward to the next morning, and it looked so much better.  It still smelled like grandma's perfume on top of tons of smoke but the people were chill, the staff were friendly, and in the end, you get what you pay for.  Since internet rates are super cheap, you really can't be disappointed...  ...unless you stay at Hotel 32 and pay premium prices for what you thought was a upscale boutique hotel within the Monte Carlo....EPIC FAIL! Review to follow.  Otherwise, there's a little bit of everything, and works well for the budget minded.  Heck, I hear there's even a lazy river out back that you can take advantage of during the triple digit summers.
1	First, the cheap PURFUME is so STRONG and PUMPED throughout the place.. it overpowers everything and hits you like a ton of bricks when you walk in each time you enter.Second, the rooms are dated, run down and not very clean. (we were in three different 'suites' and all were rundown.)Third, There was 3ftx3ft area of black chunky MOLD on inside of the sheets and we had to change rooms because they couldnt get housekeeping to come change the bed. waited and waited. Tired and ready for bed but did the move in order to get to sleep. (took pictures of mold)Fourth, The new room had a man's whiskers all over the bathroom and covered the round magnatized mirror in the bathroom off the wall  ..which I touched before I realized. The new room also had quarter sized holes in the new sheets that looked like a rodent had gnawed. Moved again in the morning. (have pictures grosse!)Last, moved to a room with a "view" but the windows were so dirty you could barely see out. (sounds crazy but really true)I think the place will be out of business soon, but until it does, I wanted to warn others of these conditions.
4	I just recently stayed here for the second time.  I took an early flight out and i was pleasantly surprised that we could check in at 10am.  The rooms here are nice and the price was really affordable.  If your staying at the hotel you can get 35% off Jabbawockeez tickets.  The show was pretty cool and wasn't expensive so I was happy we checked that out.  If you gamble enough at MGM casinos and have a players card you can use your points towards your room rate.
3	came to vegas on a last minute trip to see a concert at caeser's palace and booked my hotel through bookit.com and the monto carlo was one of the cheaper ones on the strip. upon entering the hotel room looked nice and beds were all made up and looked soft and the view was pretty nice, but that about stops the good things. the blankets might have been nice and soft, but the pillows were way too high for me. felt like i was sleeping on 3 pillows. on the last night i notice there was a stain on my blanket, had no idea what it was. my mom said it was lipstick, but i'm pretty sure it wasn't. the towels had this weird smell to it... and one of towels was still dirty. and the water pressure is ridiculous! i thought i was being sprayed by a firefighter hose. even though they came in everyday to clean the room there was always hair left on the bathroom floor. i guess you get what you paid for. if you really are just looking for a place to sleep and don't care how the room is, then i say go for the monto carlo. but i can say for sure i won't be booking a room here the next time i come back to vegas.
4	I've only stayed here once, and only for 1 nightThe room was average, which is good in my eyes. Spacious, clean. Can't complain. The food court is decent for fast food. The pool, I haven't checked out yet.
3	Re-vamping it's image and demographic.  Liking it more and more.
4	Excellent hotel and convenient location. Near convenience stores and has an in-casino food court. Although the food court selections aren't the most exciting, there is some variety, but be ready for higher prices and adjusted menus.Overall, Monte Carlo definitely has everything you need. And an A-OK buffet.
3	Great place for the price. Not the most luxurious place on the strip but the amenities are decent, the service is good, and the location is fantastic. Very good value overall.This is the 4th or 5th time we've stayed here. The rooms are clean and comfortable, and there is a decent selection of food downstairs ranging from McDonald's to 5 star French, and everything in between. The casino floor is a bit small and smoky, but perfect for when you're not in the mood to get dressed up and go out. The spa is small and reasonably priced. And it's only a few minutes' walk to other casinos, restaurants, and shopping at the many malls nearby.The only things we didn't care much for were the showers (high pressure mist that's definitely not my idea of pleasant) and on our most recent trip the TV didn't work properly (but we didn't call to have it fixed because it just wasn't that important to us).Yes, you can stay at a nicer, trendier, and/or more luxurious place on the strip but you'll pay about twice as much. We prefer to stay here, where we're always satisfied, and use the cash we saved to eat, play, and party while we're in town.
4	Conveniently located in the middle of strip.  It's connected to two other hotels via tram.  Easy access from the parking to the hotel.  They have great deals for their rooms and the rooms are pretty nice.  They just opened up the new below 5 ice bar. The eternity pool is nice, kind of crowded, but they have cool hosts and are very friendly.  My boyfriend and I are definitely going back!
5	When searching for a place to stay in Las Vegas, a few factors came into play: PRICE, location, and comfort.  The Monte Carlo fit the bill on all accounts.  I was a bit nervous on the way there from reading different reviews but once we arrived, I knew that for us, we'd made the right choice.Check-in was quick and pleasant.  We arrived at 11am on a Thursday and were directed straight away to our rooms even though check-in was not until 3pm!  Pow!  We were a group of 6, so we had two rooms.  The front desk clerk suggested adjoining rooms which was excellent and really added a lot of fun to our stay.  The rooms were very clean with very comfortable beds, 42-inch plasmas and the a/c worked fine.My favorite parts about the MC are the in-house casino (OF COURSE) and the number of drinking/dining options available right on the first floor.  There's a buffet (you can buy an all day/all meals pass for $38 w/ tax+fees), a food court (McD's, Subway, Sbarro's, Haagen Daaz, etc.), and then various restaurants and bars (The Pub, Minus 5 Bar, Andre's, Diablo Cantina, etc).  The buffet was decent enough for the price.If you want a hotel where you can just about have the whole Las Vegas experience without ever leaving the building, MC is for you!  That wasn't our aim, so we did do a LOT of sight-seeing and traveling The Strip.  In that aspect, the proximity of the Monte Carlo to other attractions/hotels on the strip was perfect for us.  What we couldn't get to on foot, the bus route took us directly there.In addition to being clean, Monte Carlo is more than comfortable and it's a fun place to stay.  There are more than a few discounts available to go here at a great price.  I LOVED staying at the Monte Carlo and it will remain at the top of my list for my next trip to Las Vegas!
4	Stayed here for two nights and really liked it!  The price was pretty decent, as was the location.  The sheets and beds were surprisingly really comfortable and super clean (as were the carpets and the entire room).  My only complaint was the bathtub was a tad small, and the towels were low quality.  Aside from that, I loved it.  Definitely would consider coming back!
4	When me and my wife go to Vegas we usually fancy the nicer hotels in Vegas.... Monte Carlo was never on my list of hotel to visit but my aunt offered to send us on a little weekend getaway and I didn't want to break the bank so I suggested we look at more modestly priced hotels so me and my wife decided on the Monte Carlo. We were really hoping that we didn't make a super bad choice and to my surprise we did not... as a matter of fact we really loved the hotel and the room and all the amenities that came with the room. I must say that the Monte Carlo has totally changed my mind and I know for a fact that I will be returning here in the future.
1	Nope. Don't do it.  I would leave if I could and go to another hotel. Staff is rude, casino basic, and rooms are run-down - especially the bathroom.  I couldn't wait to shower then I couldn't wait to get out. Hate, sorry loathe, this hotel.  Never again.
3	I generally rate hotels by(1) how much I have to pay,(2) how much of a hassle parking can be,(3) the customer service at registration,(4) how comfortable the bed is, and(5) how convenient the newsstand/food options are in the general vicinity at 4am.(1) With an MLife players card discount, we paid $75+ ~$17 resort fee. Probably still the cheapest deal for a hotel in the center of Vegas on a Friday. Star.(2) Parking is right across registration, so just one straight walkway. Parking is pretty ample too. Star. (3) ...took too long. About half an hour and there were only three groups in front of us. Managment makes 'em type in like, pages of info (I saw them typin' at 100wpm for minutes at a time!) so that slowed things down. Kind of irritating. Negative stars!(4) Star. Probably one of the most comfy beds in Vegas. Room could have been bigger...(5) There is a food court that's easy to access, but no ample food options like NYNY unless you don't mind Mcdonalds, Starbucks, n Rubios. Meh.
4	After two back breaking nights on the hard beds at the Flamingo, I was actually grateful for their having messed up my reservations causing me to need to look elsewhere for a final night in Vegas.Calling through my mLife promotions for the best rate, I landed at the Monte Carlo and got a great room for $39/night.  (Plus their $15 resort fee, but I'd been paying that much for internet each day at the Flamingo..  soooo..  it kind of evened out.)Check-in was a breeze, although I could see it being a totally different experience if it were crowded.  There were no formal lines or queue.  You just sort of found your way to a desk agent and were helped.  Mine was extra friendly and fast (what is it about Vegas hotels and airport gate agents that require 15 minutes of typing to process anything?!)  I was given a room on the 19th floor on the east spoke (MC is in the traditional 3-spoke ground plan that Mirage and TI are also in.)  I had an awesome view of the mountains and the backsides of NYNY, Excalibur, Luxor and Mandalay Bay.Now, it may have been in comparison to the torture device that I'd spent the last two nights in, but the bed here was so much nicer!  Nicer linens and a big comforter!Room was spot on in size (though, no huge.)  I imagine if it had been a 2 queen room it might have felt cramped.The bathroom was spacious and didn't feel like I was crammed into it.  My only complaint was the shower.  Several other people have noted this and I have to agree ---  the water pressure on the shower feels like you're getting sandblasted!  OUCH!I enjoy the Monte Carlo's gaming floor and have always done well.  Their choice of dining options is enough to satisfy most appetites, but if you can't find what you're looking for here, the MC is connected via free tram to Aria/CityCenter/Bellagio/Cosmo, and NYNY is a 3 minute walk.All-in-all, a great hotel with a just-short-of-awesome location.
5	Yes, I gave a supposed 2-3 star hotel a 5 star rating, and I'm not taking it back! HOWEVER, I would like to say that my rating for the Monte Carlo is not based in comparison to luxury resorts like the Venetian or Wynn, but rather in comparison to my expectations of what a 3 star hotel should be. With that being said, I would definitely stay here again. I got a great $39/night deal for four nights thanks to my M-life membership. Even with the dreaded $16/day resort fee the total bill was still less than $250 after tax which I was more than satisfied with. If you will be using a debit card to book the hotel, you should know that they put a $100/night hold on your card. This is important in case you overdraft your account or worse, your card gets rejected. Save yourself that humiliation and plan on that money disappearing for a few days. Check-in process was fast and Check-out even faster thanks to Express Checkout either through your television or by simply dropping one of their Express Checkout Cards into any of their Express Checkout boxes! So easy! I never witnessed any long lines at the front desk as there were always lots of employees working it.Our deluxe (standard) room on the 22nd floor was nice. I was happy to see that our TV wasn't from the 80s but instead was a flat screen plasma with crisp picture and sound for when my boyfriend had to lounge around in front of it while I got ready for our days/nights. The bed was super comfy and loaded with pillows and clean enough sheets. I say clean enough only because I'm not one of the whacko's that bring a black light for inspection of every inch of the room. If I take a gander at my white sheets and they are exactly that, white, then I'm GOOD. One thing I hate about standard hotel rooms is the lack to lighting! Why can't any of them offer more than just a few dim lamps in the main room!? The bathroom was clean and came with your standard toiletries: hand soap, body wash, shampoo, conditioner, body lotion. The sink did seem to drain a little slow which was a little annoying but nothing to cry about. The toilet was a little scary. You just tap the handle with the lightest touch to flush and it makes a loud, explosive noise every time like you're gonna get sucked in with it. Oh and yes I did experience the crazy shower head pressure as well! It would be nice to be able to turn that down a bit but I didn't really mind that much because it felt kind of like a jacuzzi jet on my tired back muscles. Maid service was friendly and fast and took care of everything they should have. Bell hop was very courteous and friendly as well. Don't forget to tip! 24hr McDonald's, Sbarro's, Subway and casual dining Cafe Restaurant right in our hotel? Awesome!! There is also two Starbucks Cafes, a Big Chill (alcohol slushy stand), a Cupcakery (yummy gourmet cupcakes), Minus 5 Ice bar, and at least four other restaurants and bars right there in the hotel for your Vegas pleasure. Location is awesome because it is in walking distance to the NYNY, Excalibur, and MGM. Once you're at the Excalibur you can use the free tram to get to Mandalay Bay or Luxor. It's also right across the street from the popular M&M World. If you're headed the other way on the strip you can use the free tram right in the Monte Carlo hotel to get to Aria or Bellagio. Once you're at the Bellagio you are in walking distance to Paris and Cesar's Palace! That tram is awesome because it comes every three minutes so you never have to wait and its also never crowded! It is located up a few long escalators at the end of the Street of Dreams shops on the casino level. Last thing to note is that this hotel isnt overly huge, making it simple to get from Point A to B and pretty difficult to get lost. There are many elevators and we never had to wait longer than two minutes to hop on one at any given time of the day.I'll be back!
3	Location is okay, close enough to walk to most other casinos on the strip if you are not handicapped or lazy. I booked a suite online, booked a smoking room. Check in time is at 3 pm. I left my bags in the car and I'm happy I did. Checked in at 3 PM and was told room would not be cleaned and ready to occupy until 5 PM. They also could not give me a smoking room despite the fact I reserved three weeks in advance. Front desk clerk was like a robot and appeared to be reading scripted responses to my questions regarding why they did not have the smoking room I requested and why the check in time is not the time she would give me my room number. If the room is not ready until 5 then that's when check in time should be, not 3. Was given my room number at 4:45 and they requested I give them another 30 minutes to "finish preparing my room". After 30 minutes went up to the room and found the housekeeper watching the television in my suite. I booted her out and needless to say did not leave her a tip. Pros: Free valet parking, location, good variety of food from fast food to higher end items, cleanliness, and suites are quiet even next to the ice machine. Cons: Room not ready until over 2 hours after check in time, did not have the room I booked and no discount was offered even though I reserved weeks in advance, bombarded with Jabawokeez music, images and merch at every turn.
3	Stayed here for a weekend trip to Vegas. Location isn't awesome, but it's close enough to the popular places on the strip so you can walk (Ladies - it's a bit of a walk. So be prepared for hurting feet or don't wear heels) but we did use a cab to get to the Venetian. Check in was a PAIN! We got there on Friday around 3:30, and it was starting to get busy. We finally got to the front desk, and they said there was a problem with the rooms (we got two adjacent rooms, one across the way, and one was down the hall...) and the guy acted rather snooty. We had to wait while he "fixed" the problem, and we had requested adjoining rooms but he didn't give us that. I was just glad to finally get inside the room! Beds were comfortable, A/C worked, TVs were nice, everything was fairly clean.  My complaint is the shower. It was like a high-powered mist. Takes a few extra minutes to ensure everything is actually CLEAN because of the power of the shower.  Not awesome. Room service was speedy (we were still inside the room when they initially passed by, the lady waited for us to leave and then cleaned it) and we never had to call the front desk for anything extra. The towels did have a strange smell (like burnt?) but I didn't mind it much. We stayed here because it is CHEAP compared to the other places on the strip, and all we were doing here was sleeping and getting ready. I didn't gamble much (just the slots for the free drinks) so I can't really say much about that. OH... if you stay here, definitely check out Diablo's. That place is cool at night. They push the tables out of the way and it becomes a dance floor. Bartenders are fast and make the drinks well... but they abruptly shut down and close around 3AM (I think? Haha). They turned off the music mid-song, turned up the lights, and ushered everyone out. Kind of a buzzkill, but we just moved on to the next place. A good place to start off the night if you're staying here.
3	We have stayed here three times in the past 7 years on our annual visits to Vegas.   I think if you go with the rightg mindset it's a great place.  Mindset being LOTS OF KIDS!  It has a great lazy river pool but that does draw families with kids.  The one and only time we took our teenager sons to Vegas we did stay there and it was appropriate but if you're a couple looking for a swanky and romantic place don't stay here. It does have a great food court and the rooms are adeqate.   It is centrally located so waking to lots of places is also great.
2	Okay, first of all, a friend paid for it, not me, so I'm not sure about the price, but...When we got there, getting checked in was a pain in the ass.  There is NO line control at all-my friend got cut in line by two Italians that proceeded to argue the entire bill.  For a half hour.  Finally getting a room, the first room we got had broken glass, used condom wrappers, and used condoms in various odd places.  Telling the desk, we got another room-which had the alarm and lamp wired into the wall (my friend travels with a CPap machine) and that meant a third room...Which, if I'd checked, should have been a fourth room.  We got two beds and mine had half the mattress broken.  And, didn't know that until I had gotten in bed that night.  Ugh!The hotel claims to have room wi-fi, but I've never seen it.  They have a ethernet cable, at $10/day.  I used the wi-fi down in the food court via McDonalds (neither of the Starbucks they have have wi-fi).The hotel restaurant/cafe is poor-I ordered a burger there and the bun was greasy and soggy, the fries were undercooked and they were billing me alcohol prices for a glass of OJ.  The Buffet was poorly organized-I didn't even get to see it-the line was stuck for about 30 minutes or so.The only real advantages to the hotel is that it's pretty central to the rest of the hotels on the Strip.  Take that as you will...
1	I was there with 15 friends this weekend, and the customer service was horrendous. They didn't book our rooms together (as they had promised) and offered no apology. We were there at 9am but unable to check in until 5pm, and again, no apologies. Just bad attitude from the people working at the front desk and the managers. Every employee we spoke with was condescending and rude. Also, they charge a resort fee of $15 per night. For what? You still have to pay $10 to have access to the spa area. The pool was closed the whole weekend, and the staff there were rude and unapologetic as well.Sad that we gave them so much business and got terrible service and attitudes in return. I won't there again.
3	The shower head feels like an elephant is spraying water from its trunk. It actually hurt to wash up! The room itself was nice though. Me and another girl shared a two bedroom and it was a good size especially since we were there for a week. It was just the darn shower head. At first I thought it was just our room but my friends were on another floor and they couldn't stand the shower head either. The best thing about this place though is the location. It's so easy to travel to any part of the strip. If you have more $$ I'd say spring for the Wynn. But the Monte Carlo is good enough for especially for the price.
4	Our personal favorite for location, price, reasonably-priced table games and our favorite slot machine we can find nowhere else (Good Times, look for it when the multiplier is up past 7x, we've won hundreds on it multiple times... and dropped more than that trying to win....)  A great food court, nice enough rooms.
4	The honey and I stayed here one night when we were in Vegas and it was a great hotel. The pool was amazing, the view was breath taking, the service was great, even the lines were set-up efficiently and moved quickly. the only real problems were, that the moment you walked in it had this odor of bad flowers and smoke smell, it made me ill. also with the new aria Hotel, it is a maze of stairs, walk ways and BS to get past it and to the Monte Carlo, I almost feel bad for them. The last complaint, for whatever reason we didn't like to gamble there!! maybe the smell, or the older "we take things WAY to serious vibe" types of people or what, but we never spent a dime there!!but if you want to stay at a wonderful hotel, with great views and not too expensive, then this should be on the top of your list.
4	Finally, I'm moving up in the world! (From the Tropicana and then the Circus Circus... haha)Really no complaints about the Monte Carlo, it was nice!  Most of all, prime location if you don't need something super high-end.  Close to all the action and just steps away from the beautiful City Center!
2	My friends and I make a yearly trip to Vegas I was very disappointed with the Monte Carlo! On the upside; The girls at the front desk are friendly and professional, the view was nice, The location could not be better, the restaurants and bars inside were all Amazing (Id recommend Minus *5 ...very COOL experience... and Diablo's Cantina ... the food was very tasty) The food court is also very convenient and offers a decent variety. On the down side the moment you walk in you smell this over powering scent that is similar to that powder women in there 60's and up wear and cigarettes (yuck, definitely not something you want to smell if you're coming back from a night of drinking) the room was to small for two beds, there was no frig or coffee maker, the walls are thin and you can hear everything everyone is doing on both sides, there was not enough counter space (or maybe that's because there were 5 people in our room) *oops* lol, the "wii-fi" was the worst it kept disconnecting, the hotel is very out dated and could use MAJOR and I mean MAAAAAJOR updating everything thing seemed old except for the flat screen TV, I tried to take a bath and the water kept draining by its self the plug didn't help the water would not stay at a level that covered my body and I'm not big In fact I'm very small it shouldn't have been an issue, the toilette seat was not sturdy and made this loud noise every time we flushed which scared me almost every time, room service/housekeeping took forever and were not friendly, and the hotel is trying to preserve water so they don't change the sheets unless you ask them to what kinda **** is that? I'm all for going green but I just expected more. We stayed at the Luxor in a high price room  for cheaper than what we payed for the Monte Carlo ...again disappointed... also most of the guest and crowd are older not exactly the place to be for the partying all night. To wrap it up I would go to the bars and restaurants inside the Monte Carlo but I would not stay there again. (hope this was helpful (first review))
1	Would not recommend this hotel at all - top sheet which served as the outer blanket/layer on the beds had smalls stains which the staff insisted were "rust" stains (?? why they would let us discover them as soon as we set foot in the room is beyond me even if it was rust!) and 2 in our group of 4 came home with small, itchy bites on our arms, legs and back. NOT okay! The front desk and bell staff were very helpful and professional, but the manager with whom we spoke at checkout about our concerns was very rude and made no effort (other than comping our $20 resort fee) to reassure or convince us that we shouldn't think twice about spreading the word that this place should NOT be your hotel of choice in Vegas.I've stayed in inexpensive hotels in Vegas but have never walked away with bug bites or a feeling of disgust that the hotel staff could care less about the guest experience outside of the lobby and restaurants.Also...what kind of large hotel only offers an ethernet cable and no wifi? Laaaaammmme
2	not a fan of the rooms... didn't like the pillows (not fluffy enough), the bathroom (the toilet is kinda scary when it flushes) and the sink was really small... i splashed all over when i was just trying to wash my face because the faucet comes out so far into the sink... and the towels all smelled burnt (maybe because they were place right beneath the heating vent?)otherwise, the hotel ambiance is pleasant... it not a bad hotel, but i've definitely had better...
2	I've stayed at Monte Carlo before, but this experience was not that great... I don't understand why you can't even bring outside food or drinks into the pool area when they have their own food court in the hotel... I bought a drink and a banana from the Starbucks in the hotel and the pool girl told me no outside food or drinks.... so i brought my drink back to my room then came back down... i totally forgot i had my banana in my bag when i got down to the pool, so she searched my bag and then the same pool girl rudely said, you can't bring that banana in there, so i went to the side and ate it...  finally i was in the pool area getting a towel and i asked for 2 and a different pool girl said 1 towel per person while the person before me just asked for 4 towels and she gave them to him... it's like be consistent... if you're going to give 1 towel per person then just do that, don't give 1 guest 4 towels and another 1 towel.they expect you to buy food and drinks poolside, but you can't even get service... my friends and i waited about an hour for the waitress to come to us... my friend had to ask her twice and he also asked if there was another place we could order from and of course there wasn't... so we got tired of waiting almost 2 hours without service that we just packed up and left the pool area...another incident i had in the pool area was another guest and his daughter were coming in as i was leaving and the same pool girl at the entrance told them they couldn't being a stinking bottled of water into the pool area... it's like what the heck, it's just a bottled water?!?!?!all in all, if you're gonna stay at the Monte Carlo for the pool area... don't do it, it's not worth it... i don't think I'd stay here again because the reason why i go to Vegas is for the pool, the nightlife, and the gambling and since the pool area sucks then this hotel is out of the question....
2	Normally, I write big, long reviews, even on "meh" places. The Monte Carlo was so thoroughly  "meh" that I'm just going to give the Cliffs Notes version.Huge lines to check in. Took over half an hour. Only half the desks were staffed. The desk staff were very nice and very professional, though.What kind of a hotel has a pool area that closes at 6 PM, and has only one hot tub for a pool area that has a capacity of many, many hundreds? Sure, Las Vegas gets hot... from May through August. The rest of the year (as when I was there, in April), I want to use the dang hot tub and not cuddle with the scary man in the Speedo next to me.6 PM. What a total joke. I'm sure you want me on the casino floor, but sometimes, I just want to sit in the pool or the hot tub. Jeez.We booked a room with a king bed, got up there to find two queens. After an eight-hour drive down, too exhausted to wait in that stupid line again to get it fixed, so we spent our anniversary getaway in separate beds. Awesome.No wifi? $20 daily hotel fee (thinly veiled Internet charge)? Boo. Boo boo boo.Toilets flush like airplane toilets but even more noisily and ferociously. Shouldn't weird me out, but it did.Water got hot fast. That was nice. Shower heads were low, though.They don't use covers on their comforters, just a sheet on top and bottom, so of course that doesn't stay more than one night. Annoying.Location is great, of course. It's on the strip, after all.Our room was pretty quiet. Nice.Restaurants and shops didn't attract me for even a moment. Neither did any of their in-house shows. Bummer. Good thing we had a car.In all, a blah stay--it was everything we did outside the hotel that made it a great vacation.I'm still bugged about the pool hours. Enough that coupled with everything else, I will never, ever go back.
2	I stayed here once and will never again step foot in here!  Huge lines to check in, mediocre rooms, smells very smokey.  In the room, you can hear every time your neighbor flushes the toilet...i went with a group of girls... bathroom was kinda weird... HUGE room with sink and shower, then separate toilet area.  Would have been more helpful to have the shower and toilet separate from the sink/mirror area to better help everyone tryin to get ready... but oh well... that's juss my take on it... we have no shame in front of each other so you can imagine everyones convo in and outta the shower lol.. Not many restaurants i even care to remember... so no ver memorable all around... I recommend another hotel over this one anyday!
3	I've stayed at the Monte Carlo many times in the last few years (I travel to Vegas 3-4 times a year for business). I've stayed at other hotels on the stirp before (Excalibur, Westin, Caesar's Palace, etc).The value for the hotel is great (usually can find a room for around $40-50/night). They've included a 'resort fee' now of $12.95 a day which includes wired internet (no wifi) and 2 bottles of water a day.I think all hotels now charge a 'resort fee' which includes the internet service (wired or wireless). I've always gotten the internet fees as I need to be able to work through VPN so the 'added' bonus of 2 bottles of water is nice.It is an older hotel and does not have a wet bar or fridge. The rooms are average and the pool is ok. They do have a 'wave' river where you can float around all day but there's nothing spectacular about the pool.The hotel is located a little south on the strip and isn't near the Tram. You can walk a block or two to MGM Grand and catch a tram from there to get to the Convention Center or the other hotels. Diablo is a bar that is connected to the hotel and faces the strip. It gets a little wild around Cinco De Mayo (which is when I was last there).Overall, good value if you aren't planning to spend a lot of time in your room although if I were coming for personal travel; I would opt to stay at Caesar's or at the Wynn.
3	Not the best, but not the worst experience when it comes to hotels.  On the positive side, the beds were comfortable, the rooms were quiet, the shower was hot, and the staff was friendly. We stayed on a non-smoking floor, which was a big bonus.  I hate the smell of lingering smoke.  The location isn't too bad if you plan on visiting multiple casinos since there are many within a short walk. They also have a free tram that will take you up to the Bellagio.  The pub located in the Monte Carlo is amazing,  There is an excellent selection of beer and good food.However, this place is in high need of improvements.  The rooms seem rather old.  The wall paper was peeling off the wall in multiple places.  The bath towels also have this strange burned odor to them.  On an odder note, the toilet flush is a bit disturbing.  It's hard to explain, but I could imagine a small child being sucked down it.  I was also surprised that there was no type of mini-fridge in the room.The pool area is set up very strangely.  They place the lounge chairs directly on top of each other, so you are elbow to elbow with the people next to you which makes adjusting the chair awkward and not very relaxing.  They allow you to bring no water with you, so you must purchase anything you eat or drink at the pool area.  I guess they don't mind guests being dehydrated.  One lady next to me at the pool area said they wouldn't even let her bring in Starbursts that were in the bottom of her bag.  This seems a bit extreme.They also charge a $15 resort fee per day.  I was surprised to find there was no wifi in the rooms.  One of the two Starbucks at the hotel does have wifi, thought.  There is an Ethernet cord in the room.  The resort fee does include the fitness center, which I did not get a chance to visit. I have stayed at a couple different places on the strip, and this is probably the least nicest of them.  I am not sure I would pick this hotel to stay again.  It seems like a more suitable place to stay for the college aged looking for a place to crash after drinking for the night.
4	Maybe it was because I was with two of my best girls, maybe it was because it's VEGAS....but i have no complaints. We arrived, the valet dudes were kind enough, bellman was attentive...the lines for check in were kinda wacky, but short enough. Checked in to our room, it was clean and cozy enough. As mentioned by other reviewers, the towels did have a slightly burned smell. Odd. The Casino was a bit smokey but not too bad, whatever scent they had pumping in to mask the smell did the trick. I loved the location...we were able to get out and walk the strip, hitting up all the shops we felt were priority =). We hit up two local clubs and each averaged about 10 bucks a cab ride, one way. One of my fav casinos is NYNY, which was right next door to Monte Carlo...so that was great! Oh and the little retail shops in Monte Carlo were great! We picked up a few little last minute items to make us just that much cuter for our nightlife ventures! I would love to stay here again.
3	Not bad for the price. It was located further down the strip than I would have liked - it was a LONG haul to the Bellagio, Caesars, and the Mirage. About a $11 cab ride. There are other transportation options as well that probably would be less expensive though.The rooms were not as updated as they show on the website (a deluxe queen room still looked rather old). The bathrooms were spacious, but outdated. I found the beds and pillows to be comfortable, though.Pool scene was just okay - they had a DJ and an emcee for a "Pool Party". The wave pool was by far the best thing out there. Oh, and also, even if you're a smoker - opt for a nonsmoking room. The smoking floors smelled just plain awful. The rooms - even worse.Restaurants were pretty good. The cafe had affordable and tasty options for breakfast. And room service was not too overpriced with fast service.
4	You can't beat the price when there's a sale. A good tip to get good deals would be to sign up for email deals. I love their pools and lazy river.
3	Stayed at the Monte Carlo for a conference otherwise probably wouldn't even have given the somewhat negative reviews.The public areas of the hotel-casino are quite nice as is the spa/exercise room. There is a variety of decent dinning options, including a food court that has a McDonald's, Subway, a fresh Mex and pizza place. I stayed on a non-smoking floor (23), which was quiet. The room itself was in need of updating. The carpet was clean but worn and the furniture was both beat up and dated (the drawn on the desk kept sliding open for no reason and I finally had to wedge a piece of paper in it to keep it shut. The bed and pillows were comfortable and the bedding was adequate but nothing fancy. The bath was adequate with tile floor and a good shower (though some might find the flow pressure a bit high). Overall, the room reminded me of a basic Comfort Inn or Best Western.The location is good and there is a CVS next door, which is convenient for snacks and any essentials.MGM bills the Monte Carlo as the budget/entry level alternative to the Aria at the City Center, which is right next door. That's an accurate description.
1	yuck.  don't stay here. I reserved the room on expedia... once we checked into our room, the room was completely different than the pictures expedia showed... it showed a much more modern room... this room was a DUMP.  The shower looked like it was straight out of a motel 6. the other worst part was the breakfast buffet.... oh my, it was horrible horrible. I got yelled at by a kitchen worker for spilling the syrup! seriously?!
4	Went fight weekend(pacquiao vs mosley).  Have to say that the resort is pretty much what i expected...and actually a little more.  Check-in wasn't too busy despite it being noonish.  The receptionist who helped me was SUPER nice(can't remember her name..ugh).  The room was really nice and the flat screen tv was a total nice surprise.  I needed to use the blow dryer and it was broken, they sent one right up. - Super nice staff..when you walk the hall ways they always greet you with a smile and hello.I had swam at their pool before when a friend of mine stayed here and she snuck us is...the pool is pretty cool, although SUPER crowded!! The first day i had to sit just by the edge of the pool with my stuff.  The 2nd time we visited the pool we were able to get chairs.  The only thing is they seem to ber VERY short staffed with the cocktails waitresses.  There was also a cougar on the prowl and she was dancing with some young guys..it was pretty funny.(check out the picture i posted ;) )All in all..i would recommend this hotel to a friend....and though i might not stay here again, but that's only because every trip to LV i like to experience a new hotel each time.
3	I have stayed at cheaper hotels with better service, however the location of the Monte Carlo in the middle of the strip pretty much made up for anything that was lacking. There wasn't anything to special about the room; it was quite standard. The only thing I feel the room was lacking was a coffee maker and fridge. Seriously I can't recall ever staying at a hotel which lacked these amenities. Although I did not have a strip view, I must say that my view was awesome because I was facing the fabulous Monte Carlo pool and the extraordinary City Center! Beautiful in the daylight and absolutely stunning at night! Housekeeping was on point and the front desk was pleasant. My only complaint regarding personel would probably be the snotty ass concierge chick (excuse the tude but she almost got herself embarrassed but I was in a really good mood). The Monte Carlo Casino has to be my favorite on the strip thus far. It's very comfortable without having too young or too old of a crowd; and the music is on point!. Monte Carlo is not a bad choice. Not sure if I will be back to lodge but def will be back to gamble.
2	Work event brought me here for a week. The other recent reviews from guests are spot on. Downstairs: Valet was prompt and accommodating. The lobby was clean and pretty. Registration was prompt. I asked for a room with morning sun, and none of the three desk reps knew if the room they were giving me would meet my request. (Turns out the room faced north west. Boo.) The elevator access from the lobby is easy - and you don't have to trek through the casino. This is a great plus for me. Upstairs: The 19th floor was showing it's age. The wall paper was peeling in the hallway, and you could see many patched areas in the wall where they changed the art, but didn't bother taking it any farther. Once in the room, it appeared clean and had recently been cleaned. I know this because the carpet was wet. When I called down to inquire if there was anything special I should know (and to quiet my active imagination), the front desk said it was indeed cleaned and should be dry "by morning." Huh. Lucky me! The bed and pillows were comfortable and clean. The drapes were falling off of the track and the shower curtain rod was coming out of the wall.  Towels were dingy and had several had holes.I love the comment the other reviewer left about the shower. What is with that spray of needles?! (I'm awake, already, I'm awake!) This place was in DESPERATE NEED of an update. PS...One more thing.  The walls are realllly thin.  In case you were wondering, my neighbors had a good time.
4	Love staying at the Monte Carlo because it's affordable and there's a food court...yea the Venetian has a food court too but unless I find an amazing deal, it's way out of my price range. Checked in on a Sunday and was told its their busiest day but the lady who helped me out was very nice and cheery, like she actually likes her job! The rooms are adequate, nothing spectacular. But I love the lazy river at the pool and I always seem to find chairs even if it seems crowded. However, you do get what you pay for, the crowd is definitely younger. Lots of 21st birthdays being celebrated.Love the tram that goes to Aria and Bellagio tho, cuts down a bit of the walking!
4	I love our stay at the Monte Carlo. We had Spa suit ($90) sweet. Room was big with bar, sofas, comfy bad and nice jacuzzi next to the window with the strip view.Awesome.Cleaning service was very good.Definitely I will stay again.
4	**Casino review** It's funny how we end of playing here more than the hotels we are actually staying at. Bottom line is we always seem to win a bit, the dealers are friendlier than a lot of other casinos and the layout is super easy to navigate. Also, the Monte Carlo never seems to get as busy as some of the newer, swankier places.I usually despise those paid girls who dance on the tables while people are playing their table games but at the Monte Carlo they seem less skank and more friendly (instead of shooting your husband "I wanna f* you" looks they actually smile at everyone). I've stayed here a couple of times in the past and always thought it was okay. Apparently they've upgraded since the last time we were here. Considering the amount of time we spend here maybe we should consider staying too. It would definitely make the trip from the blackjack table to bed a helluva lot quicker!
3	definitely recommend the suite over the 1br.  suite has a nice spa tub next to the window.  we even had a pretty decent view!  bathroom is separate from the vanity/sink area.  bed was nice and cushy, and we also had a couch!  there was also a tiny fridge in the kitchen area.  tv's not huge, but we barely touched that.  it's not super swanky, but it's pretty nice.it's also nice that there's a food court so close to the elevators!  (subway, starbucks, sbarros, mcdonalds, rubios, chinese food, etc.)  and a little shop with all the things you need.one thing that is super annoying is their elevator.  not only is it incredibly slow, but it plays the jabbawockeez commercial OVER AND OVER AGAIN... twice if you're going to the ground floor from the top!  and that's the only thing it plays.
4	My traveling companions and I arrived at the Monte Carlo on a Thursday evening (around 8:00 PM) and were pleasantly surprised. We'd found a really outstanding rate for the long weekend and having never even walked into the place on previous visits to Sin City weren't sure what to expect. We were pleasantly surprised.The cab dropped us off and a bellman was there within seconds to take our luggage. Our luggage was taken away and we were given a number to call to have it delivered once we were in our rooms. It was so easy. We walked in and I immediately noticed how good it smelled. This is not the typical experience I've found, especially when smoky casinos are involved. The friendly staff member who checked us in informed us that the pleasant fragrance was from the fresh-cut roses seen all over the lobby that were also placed into the ventilation system. The bell desk staff was also very friendly. We'd ordered a motorized scooter to be delivered for my grandmother (we were in town celebrating her 80th birthday and while she can play slots all day and night she can't walk there) and it was ready and waiting. The whole check-in process took at most ten minutes.The rooms were very nice and our luggage arrived within 5 minutes of calling to request it. The rooms were quite spacious with clean, soft bedding and plenty of pillows. There weren't enough hangers in the closet which is not something that bothered me but if you're like my grandmother who apparently is allergic to wrinkled clothing you might want to bring or request extra. The bathrooms were pretty typical, very clean and stocked with plenty of towels. The biggest issue with our rooms, which were on the pool side of the hotel, presented itself the next morning when the pool opened and the music blared from 9 AM - 6 PM. It was loudest on Friday and Saturday so if you are one who likes to sleep in or take naps so you can party all night you may want to request a room that doesn't overlook the pool.Speaking of the pool area...it was quite nice. There were people lined up at 9:00 every morning to be sure to get seats but many of them just put towels on chairs and took off. The days we got to the pool later in the day we had a bit of trouble locating chairs but always found some. The wave pool was a lot of fun and the other pools were also great, never overcrowded even with the place was packed. They have some ridiculous pool rules, however, namely the rule against bringing food or beverage. I understand that they want to sell as much food and drink as possible but to not allow even bottled water is a little silly, especially in the DESERT. We ended up purchasing bottles (at $5 each) but they were served with as many cups as we wanted and plenty of ice. Drinks were pricey as was the food which meant we didn't do much drinking or eating at the pool. There were plenty of options for food in the hotel including a food court with plenty of quick and economical choices including McDonald's, Subway, Starbucks, Sbarro and Rubio's. The Cafe is open 24 hours and had really great food ranging from breakfast to sandwiches to pasta, etc. We also dined at the Italian restaurant, D. Vino, and the food/wine were excellent. The casino is on the smaller side but still has plenty of tables and slot machines. I really don't gamble all that much but managed to have a good time on the penny slots. Housekeeping was a bit pushy. I am not the type to need my room cleaned every day which seemed to be something that unnerved them. They called and left messages every day and were in our rooms seemingly within seconds if we neglected to hang the "do not disturb" sign. They also did room check at 9 AM on the day we were checking out when official check-out wasn't until 11 AM and we were even granted an extra hour at no charge. I suppose this is better than having unresponsive and incompetent cleaning staff.I really enjoyed my experience at the Monte Carlo and would definitely stay there again!
3	For some reason a lot of people grade this place on the same level as Circus Circus, Excalibur and Luxor. But, it is definitely nicer than than that. I think it is between NY/NY and Planet Hollywood in the Mid tier strip locations. I like the way the casino floor is laid out and the back area shopping and eating. I hate the sportsbook here and buffet. The parking is also difficult here but, this is more about location.
4	I really like this hotel. The rooms are definitely modern and up to date. Bathrooms are clean and marbled. Beds are comfy, inviting, and looks new. Updated amenities. The suite was spacious and enough for at least 4 people.The pool was amazing. They have a normal pool, a lazy river, AND a wave pool. I am in love with the wave pool! I spent most of the time in the wave pool, and when it's turn off, I'd grab a beer and lounge in the lazy river. There's also DJ/ MC the last time I stayed there, so it was entertaining as well.
4	I stayed here the first weekend of March. Our party of 8 took up two rooms. And I don't have any complaints about the hotel. We didn't use the swimming pool or other amenities, but it was nicely located. Just a block down from the drug store where we stocked up on snacks and liquor. Our rooms were clean with enough towels and we had a nice view of some of the strip, including the MGM hotel. It's not a fancy shmancy hotel, but it's still nice at an affordable rate.We watched the Jabbawockeez show which was located in the Monte Carlo's theatre. The employees they had running the line for the taxis did their jobs, but weren't exceptionally friendly or anything. I'd stay here again if the price was right.
3	It's not the fanciest or nicest looking, but it's clean and it gets the job done.  I like that in the morning they have $5 blackjack tables and once you sit down you can be grand-fathered in for the rest of the day.The waitresses are a bit slow to come around sometimes, so make sure you give them a tip if you want them to return to you.
2	The Monte Carlo was an average to below average hotel in my opinion. the rooms were relatively nice, but the whole place just seemed second rate. ROOM: The beds were pretty comfortable, but when we asked for more towels for our room, it took the staff 30 mins to bring them up. POOL: sounded so cool in the descriptions, yet when we arrived, looking for a relaxing time and a pina colada by the pool, all we found were dirty frat boys drunk off their asses at 4pm. The first thing we saw was a girl being half carried out of the area by two security guards because she was so wasted. And the bumping house music was really annoying. My friends and I are no old ladies either, we're three early 20 somethings, but I'm sorry, but when I want to go to a club, I'll go to a club, not a hotel pool. Even the hot tub smelled like beer, and no one in it at that moment was drinking. GROSS. BRUNCH: 21.99 all you can eat? I'm in! After a crazy "only in vegas" night, my friend and I ran down to the brunch, only to be greeted by a long, snaking, disneyland-ish line to pay. The brunch really had EVERYTHING (normal breakfast fare, crab legs, sushi, chinese food..) but all of it was vaguely average and slightly questionable. The only good things we ate were the scrambled eggs and the biscuits. everything else was blehh. especially the french toast and the omelets from the omelet station! Very disappointing as we were hungover and really looking forward to a good sobering brunch. I wouldnt recommend someone stay at Monte Carlo, but if necessary I would stay there again. I would probably choose another hotel to stay in next time though. one thing i didnt like was that you had to pay a "resort fee" of $13.00 so you could use the gym/internet. But we DIDNT use either soooooo, waste of money. But we still had a fab night in vegas.
4	Seemed very glamorous from the outside whenever I saw pictures and passed by. We stayed there for 4 days recently and I have to say that it was pretty funny having a McD's in the lobby. =) The only issue I had was the fact that my floor's vending machine was ALWAYS out of bottled water!!! I had to travel to the next floor up each and every time. I called the Concierge about this and they apologized and said they would fix it but to no avail. You'd think that in HOT Vegas, H2O would be imperative on their service list??? *sigh*
2	Lets see...crowded, LOUD, too many rules (some I can understand for safety), but common'...let us bring in bottled water...our own rafts if it's small, and if you don't allow alcohol in the wave pool when theirs no waves...you should shouldn't allow it at all.Someone threw up in the wave pool today, so that made the lazy river a SUPER LAZY river into a still pool, you couldn't even move...They should limit how much alcohol a person gets there was stuff going on out there that kids should not see....And the food..it was average...too crowded, not like it used to be...too loud, the DJ was blasting it today..I always liked this pool b/c it was relaxing, but now it's just like the rest REHAB, BARE etc..trying someplace else tmrw...PEACE MONTE CARLO!
4	This rating is simply for the Jabbawockeez performance we watched and nothing else. I loved watching them, and I'll come back again. I can't give out to many details about the show, but I can tell you, if you like dancing, comedy, music, or you're just a big fan of the Jabbawockeez, you will definitely enjoy this show. I recommend everyone of all ages to check this show out. I found myself entertained throughout the whole show, you guys are true professionals.Jabbowockeez you rock! Keep up the good work I'll be back for more action soon.PS: Thanks to Duane (JBWKZ uniform manager) for hooking up our 3 boys with some autographed masks! Mad ups to the whole JBWKZ crew/team for taking the time to keep all your fans happy. Thanks!I actually had to drop this place one star, because my initial review was actually ONLY for the Jabbawockeez, but then I found the real yelp for the Jabbawockeez show so I decided to just put my review there instead and just rate my review here of what I actually think of the Monte Carlo with the average of the fact that the Jabbawockeez perform their. All in all this place deserves a 4 star.
3	I wanted a quick get away for my birthday, so off to Vegas I went.  When I made the reservations online, I specifically checked the option for a "strip view."  Check-in was fine with no problems and I was given the room keys.  When I was walking to the room, I could already tell something was not right.  When I got into the room, the first thing I did was look at my view.  Imagine my disappoint when I saw a parking lot and 15 fwy.  Not happy, I went back down to check-in to get this resolved.  The assistant tried to tell me that when their is a "view" it will only show a "V."  Not my problem seeing that I requested and PAID FOR a strip view.He assigned me another room.  I asked to see a map of the rooms so I could verify that I would have a strip view.  He did not have a map, he asked another associate... they didn't have a map.  No one seemed to have a map readily available.  Finally he finds a map and we confirm the room has a strip view.It was a standard room with the basics.  However, the sheets did not fit the mattress.  It was as though they put king sized sheets on a queen. And the sheets made noise when you moved.  I can't describe what it sounded like.Personally, I will never set foot back in this hotel.
4	Overall experience was great! We got the cheapest room available, but it was a beautiful, clean room with a nice view of New York New York. Rates are very reasonable, especially if you go during the week. Staff was very friendly and helpful. The grounds were very well kept. The pools were awesome (loved the wave pool!). There is the "Street of Dreams" inside which has a few bar/restaurants and some boutiques. The buffet wasn't that great, not worth the $24. But the food court they have is convenient when coming back at odd hours of the night! There was a Mcdonald's (CASH ONLY), Subway, Sbarro, and Starbucks. The casino here was nothing special, but I would recommend checking out the ALL ICE bar, unfortunately we didn't get to go but it looked really cool...literally! The location of the Monte Carlo was not bad, right next door to New York New York and near Planet Hollywood. Not exactly the middle of the strip, more towards the end, so take into consideration where your going to go because there aren't many places to cross the street on Las Vegas Blvd.I highly recommend getting an all day bus pass!
3	This place needs a serious update. The rooms are clean, but they are old and dingy. They have seriously seen their better days, as the furniture is scratched and rundown. Checking in was a bit of a problem, as they did not have the rate available that we had made our reservations under at 3pm, their normal check-in time, so they gave us a handicap room, with an awful shower. The towels are scratchy and old. But, for the price on a holiday weekend, and, with the fact that in Vegas no one really spends that much time in their hotel room, it was an ok deal.
3	Whenever I find myself in Vegas, I normally stay at a different MGM hotel, The Mirage.  The last time in Vegas, the boyfriend and I saw the Jabbawockeez and we thought Monte Carlo might be a nice change of pace.  What an experience...Upon checking-in and getting up to the floor, all I saw was dingy carpeting, aged wallpaper, and noticed an odd smell.  The walls are pretty thin too.  We were quite a ways away from the elevator but we can hear the elevator every time it lands on our floor.  This led to many nights where I slept with the TV on.The bathroom is pretty out-dated.  The sink level made washing my face a neck-pain and the toilet wasn't even clean.  The shower head, although pretty cool looking, had the water pressure of a little kid taking a piss and the water can barely go above warm.  I hated it.  For a while, I thought my towels were dirty since it smelled like burnt sweet popcorn but apparently that's Monte Carlo's signature "smell."  And no, my room wasn't on the floor of that MC fire from a few years back.  The linen on the bed was scratchy and I hated the pillows.  I spent the two nights there sleeping without a pillow.  Location wise, I do love how it's pretty much a center point of the strip.  And with the Aria being a couple of escalators away and the Bellagio and The Crystals hooked together by tram, it made escaping the aged casino nice.  A couple of nice things about this place is that they have cheap buy-ins and a food court if you're on a budget.Overall, it's not TOO bad.  I just wished everything was a bit more clean.
2	Shell out extra money for a better, newer hotel on the strip. It's worth it. We paid extra to have a nicer room that looked onto the strip.  Unfortunately, the bathtub didn't drain so we were standing in dirty water, the towels smelled like burnt waffles and syrup, the wallpaper was falling off the walls, the safe didn't work, the carpet was really nasty, and I had to pay $17 for sunblock at the pool. The only good things are the location on the strip, the Chinese restaurant downstairs, and the lazy river. Unfortunately, the lazy river was in the Aria's shadow...literally. Sorry Monte Carlo, but it's time for a reno or a demo.
3	We spent a few hour's hanging around this casino and having lunch. I have been coming to this casino for a long time over the year's. They really need to renovate it and keep up with all the other newer hotels. We did some gambling and I must say this is one of the places we had the most fun. Hubby played craps for a long time and enjoyed losing every dollar. ha ha I sat at a slot machine with my brother in law, of course I lost very quickly, got up and he sat and put some money in. Yep, this is how it works, he put in a $20 bill and hit $250 in five minutes. ha jerk. Good thing he won, my sister had just purchased a $300 purse. So really did he win? We enjoyed our lunch at Catina Diablo and walking around the Monte Carlo, many food options to choose from. Just a fun cool place that is always a blast.
4	This past weekend, I trekked my way to Las Vegas again to have a little fun with my friends.  I stayed at the Monte Carlo because my room was comped, and I'm glad to see that there were some improvements made since my last stay.Check InCheck in was a breeze.  I arrived at the hotel at around 8AM because I flew in on a red-eye flight from the east coast.  When I arrived at the check in counter, the agent informed me the room hadn't been ready, however would contact me when the room was ready.  I felt that the service was personable.  The room was eventually ready by 11AM.Bell HopVery friendly service.  Stored my bags in the back, and my laptop in their locker.  Felt very secure and safe that my personal belongings would be kept in a safe area.The RoomOK, so this hotel can't be compared to some of the other newer properties for obvious reasons, but really, how much time do you spend in your room?  Do you actually take time to observe and nip pick on the decor?  You gotta be kidding me...you are in your hotel to pass out from partying, and wake up with a hangover....duhhhhh!  The room was fine--no frills, no fancy stuff....serves its purposes with beds and a shower.  It was fine for us.The CasinoMan, this casino was hoppin' like no other.  My friends and I won a ton of money here---craps, blackjack, and slots.  For some crazy reason, it was paying out like crazy, and I don't regret it at all.  OverallI don't hate or love it.  It's a hotel right on the strip, and you can't beat its location.  Sure, if I had a little more money, I'd probably stay in a higher end property, but the bottom line is that it served our purposes--a place to sleep at the end of the night and I can't complain about that for sure.My overall grade:  B / B+
1	Dirty and run down.  Desk chair had bodily fluid stains, feminine stains.  Desk was broken.  Had to call housekeeping repeatedly to get clean linens and to clean room.We asked for the blood stained chair to be replaced.  They never replaced it, they just took it out of our room and left it in the hall.Iron was broken, had to ask for a new iron.Entire gaming network in casino was broken for over 12 hours.  This resulted in Mlife rewards not calculating, 2 or 3 attendants hand to hand payout all gamblers at slots and electronic games.It really was just a disaster of a place.  Won't stay there again.
4	I really enjoyed staying here. It didn't break the bank, however I still had all of the wonderful amenities of staying on the strip. Only a quick walk to New York New York, MGM, and many other great hotels nearby.FRONT DESK - Never too crowded and always there to help. I even used the concierge to plan a night out. She called the restaurant and helped me decide on a club to go to, reserving the bottle and everything.POOL -  Fun, good drinks, but not overly crowded. There were some kids there, but they never seemed to bother me. I did find it odd that they played some serious club music at the pool, and the crowd didn't seem to match the energy they were attempting to create at the pool.CASINO was a blast. I loved that I could find $10 Black Jack tables 24 hours a day. I rather not play at $25 at night when I have had a few drinks.
4	I know you might be wondering why Monte Carlo would be getting a four star for my review but really they have so much inside this casino that they deserve a four star!A lot of people might say this is an old casino worth not going to but I really believe that this place does take very good care of the customer! Which is you and when you, and when you are on vacation you want to be nice and happy!One thing I love about it was how friendly the check in counter was. The girl literally told me what her plans were for the weekend. Be reminded that I did check in on Thursday and stayed till Tuesday. It was a long week for me in Monte Carlo but I did feel a sense of belonging! Fast service and then after that when we needed extra towels a few times, they brought it up quickly and left in a second!Alright so what else is great about this resort? Well the pool is amazing. I was in that pool daily and I loved it. They have many different types of pools, a small wave one, a lagoon, and just regular pool. All were really nice and the music was amazing!! What more can you ask for? Also they do let you drink alcohol but you have to buy it from the pool side area. If you want come early because this place is pretty packed and the lines for alchy can become long! With soo many lounge chairs to be able to lay around and be comfortable is amazing! I thought this place should really get an award for being on top of comfort for guest ! I love also how it is connect with Aria and Bellagio by this awesome new tram. Just ask for assistance if you can't find it and someone will really help you out! No Joke. Thanks for making my week a very great and fun time,I will for sure recommend coming here if you love to have a great time in the pool and quick service! :)
2	This Casino is old. I really needs a remodel. It is connected to the Tram which you will have to walk to Aria *kind of a long walk* and then from Aria there is a tram to Vdara and Bellagio.
2	Where I lost most of my money but this review is for the horrible service I was provided. Sure, the Jabbawockeez show wasn't bad and Britney Spears sat a couple rows behind my sister but this place is so grungy and needs to keep up with the architecture. Come see me at the Bellagio!
3	I was at the Monte Carlo to meet up with some people to eat at the buffet. I have stayed at the MC and I have to say the suites are AWESOME! They big and spacious with great views. And the bathrooms are choice! The casino is on the smaller side, but there are some awesome places to hang out, like diablo's or the steakhouse inside (I forgot the name). Anywho, the buffet on the other hand, sucks. It's pretty run of the mill fair, so I would recommend to check out some of the newer hotels' buffets.
3	its ok - the hotel kindda has lack of a/c lol & elevators during check-out r slow - theres a food court inside lol - the pool is kool
4	Clean rooms :) Easy check-in and easy check-out :) Friendly and fast valet :) Plenty of dining choices :) Nice pool, but seriously overcrowded :/ The people at the pool were all super cool, so that was a relief with such a crowd. We walked around the entire pool area before finding even one available lounge chair. Don't count on finding a couple lounge chairs together unless you get there early or your neighbors are nice enough to shuffle and let you take one of their seats.  But the music at the pool was great and the fellow sun worshipers were awesome people, so it worked out OK. Our tip: Arrive at the pool EARLY to snag a couple lounge chairs next to each other, otherwise be prepared to split up or share a chair. Still tons of fun!!
3	Stayed here this past weekend for 3 nights. We were on the 22nd floor with the side/back view of  NYNY and Excalibur. Rooms were ok,our bathroom door was hard to open,it was a struggle at times to get it open and or desk drawer would open on its own when setting something on top of it?! other then that everything worked fine! Elevator kinda slow, one time it opened and closed  2 or 3 times before it would move up to the next floor it did that 4 floors going up. Pool was nice didnt really spend that much time there tho and bed was ok kinda hard! It wasnt a bad stay nor a great one but it did its job!
4	Best deal on the strip.  The casino has good music, great drinks. awesome service, and the rooms are cheap yet very nice.  It's not as busy as some of the more popular casinos so there is very fast drink service and plenty of open machines with a lot of wins!  It's in a great location too, I don't think I would want to stay anywhere else unless I wanted to pay twice as much for  some sort of special occasion.
3	I haven't been to LV in years and stayed in the Monte Carlo for the first time this past weekend.  They ended up messing up our reservation (wrong keys) and comp'd us 4 free brunches, which was very very good.  Overall, the hotel is nice.  Nice comfortable beds, fast responding elevators and the Jabbawockeez show was siiiiic!  My only beef was the hotel pool kinda sucked - bunch of drunk idiots, and HORRIBLE HORRIBLE music (clubby pop house stuff).  I like to relax at the pool.  If not for that I would've given it 4 stars.  Cheers!
4	This is probably the best value in Vegas. We've stayed here several times and are spending a couple nights this weekend. For the base room, we avg. $50/night. That's not bad for a themed hotel that is clean with lots of great shops. The only annoying thing: Jabbawokee music playing every time you enter the elevators. I'll take the stairs. They aren't booking the best shows/entertainers, but it's better than some of the other hotels.When we left in February they were in process of putting in new Samsung flat screen TV's. This is a nice upgrade, seeing as how the old CRT's had their day. Overall a great place to book if you're on a budget but still looking for a place that's clean.Pro tip: join MLife so you can get really good deals. d.Vino is a must--great food, great prices.
3	Definitely on the cheaper end of Las Vegas hotels, the rooms in the Monte Carlo are smaller and the building itself is visibly older than say the Venetian or Bellagio. Despite its age, the hotel is actually kept pretty clean, and at its cheap prices, you can't really complain.The casino area is pretty plain, and the decor throughout the building is somewhat bland. Oh, but there are advertisements for Jabbawockeez everywhere.I stopped by here on my last visit to Vegas to check out the swimming pool. The pool area was nice and big and even contained a circulating pool that you could swim in (or technically float in and let the current carry you). There are numerous recliners out that you can use and you can also purchase alcholic and non-alcoholic drinks from the counter.The view looking up at the sky while lying on the recliners was pretty awesome.
2	it was alright. after my 4 hour drive to vegas (i know.. i should've flown) i FINALLY arrived at monte carlo at 2:30 am. I was promptly checked in and I headed over to my room.As I was walking.. i noticed a lot of things that should've put up red flags, but I was too damn tired to even take notice of these things.  The hallway became so humid, and there were things everywhere in the hallway, like newspapers from the morning and food from room service...Anyway, I go inside my room and I noticed an empty can of beer on the bedside..thing? table? whatever the hell its called.then I go into the restroom to find a bag of trash on the countertop and the toilet had shit in it. wow monte carlo. where's your cleaning crew at?!I went down to the front desk, told them everything, and they gave me a new room immediately and lots of coupons... that I didn't use.  the new room was pretty much the same room, except cleaned. also. I stayed at the Monte Carlo hotel only because I wanted to see the Jabbawackeez show.  I had purchased meet and greet tickets, and the show was phenomenal. It was the best show i have ever seen.My only problem was Monte Carlo.  We weren't allowed to snap photos during our meet and greet... we had to purchase their professional photo... which is fine, so long as I get my damn photo with my idols/husbands hahaha.  Meet and greet ended and we were waiting for our photos to get developed so that we could buy them... and then the photographers came back empty handed and said that they had no photos for us and that they were sorry. wtf. that such bull. anyway, i called to complain the next day and the next time i watch the show, i'll be able to meet them again without having to pay extra for the meet and greet... but seriously, that sucks so much for all those fans that flew from michigan, washington, san francisco to see them. at least i'm a driving distance away.
2	Eh. Booked a flight/ hotel deal through Expedia and it all comes down to this: you get what you pay for. I was expecting a little more from the Monte Carlo. Between complete trash and complete class, this place is just plain mediocre. Not horrible, not great. The staff was helpful enough. The decor is kind of plain. The phone in our room was broken, so it was a hassle just to order a cork screw. The biggest let down of them all was the pool. They stop serving alcohol at 6 and it closes at 7. AND you can't walk around in the pool with your drink. I thought we were in Vegas! The day we did spend at the pool wasn't all that bad, but it WAAAS their 4th of July BBQ, so they may have "pulled out the stops". Who knows. Overall, for the price and the fact that not much time is actual spent in the room, I'd stay here again. Plus, it's in a central spot on the strip (which is the main reason we picked this place).
5	i love Monte Carlo hotel. no it may not be as new or as cooly themed as the cosmopolitan or anything but its definitely worth going too. im so picky when it comes to where im going to sleep and shower and Monte Carlo satisfies that for me. their rates are unbeatable! and it's literally connected to the aria hotel and right across from miracle mile shops. its almost in the center of everything and for the rate and the amazing customer service they offer in addition to nice rooms it's unbeatable. their pool is so much fun. they offer a wave pool where you can also sit on the steps and just kinda hang out and i saw people drinking so maybe you can drink there. they also have a popular lazy river and then just a regular pool. their drinks at the pool are amazing! overall im very impressed and would definitely stay again.
4	This review is long overdue but I stayed here (not on my most recent trip) a few months ago and it was my first time staying at Monte Carlo and it exceeded my expectations.  We stayed there for 3 nights and the rates were about $50.00/night which I thought was a great deal.  The hotel and the rooms were very clean and if you're a Jabbawockee fan, they play the music in the elevators which I really enjoyed.  There's also a food court (Sbarro's, Subway, McDonald's, Starbucks and some other restaurants) which is great when you don't want to spend $$$ for food and just wanted to grab something quick.  I would totally stay here again.  There's a shortcut to walk over to Aria (follow the signs to the tram) and there's a tram that will take you to the City Center and Bellagio.
4	Very nice for the price, very convienent location on the strip and the front desk very tentative!!!
4	stayed here with a few friends for a bdai ...service is quick and the pool fit a lot of people comfortably...rooms are decent tho nothing special
2	I have stayed in a few hotels in Vegas now and I have to say that this one is so far my least favorite. From the moment I entered the hotel to the moment I left, the staff was needlessly formal and kind of full of themselves. Which would be somewhat ok if the service and the quality of the hotel reflected appropriately, but it didn't. The room was superficially clean. That means that at first glace, it's nice enough, but if you dig a bit deeper, it's not that nice. For example, there was a long black hair stuck to the shower wall (which definitely wasn't mine or my boy's as we both have short hair) and then I even pulled a long blonde hair out of a "clean" towel.The walls are thin. All night I could hear a family in a room to one side of us and what sounded like 10 teenagers in the room to the other side. The pillows on the bed drove me crazy. They were all so big that it felt like I had two pillows under my head when it was only one. I ended up loosing all pillows and sleeping without one. Fun times. I know a resort fee is kind of the norm in Vegas, but that doesn't make them any less stupid. They cover things that most people aren't going to use, like the gym, and daily newspapers. Oh, and internet. And when they say "internet," they mean a 1ft ethernet cable. That's right. A cable. The pool area is nice. They have a wave pool and a lazy river but you have to buy the inner tubes! Seriously? At check out, the express checkout (via the TV) was "unavailable." Basically, for the price, you can get a way better hotel. Don't bother with the Monte Carlo. I know I won't in the future.
1	This last visit was our second stay here and it will be our last. The front desk staff were really nice and the rooms were clean but with our 5yr old, the pool was the main attraction for us. She loves the lazy river and wave pool. But the pool service was horrible. There was so many restrictions on what we could not do and bring. We can't bring in a bottle of water...really??? And I guess we looked cheap because the servers NEVER came over to us to ask if we needed anything. And when we walked to the bar to get the drink ourselves the bartender added her tip to the bill even though we didn't sign for it. We found out when we saw our statement. This is the type of service you would expect at a lower end motel. We'll be staying at Mandolay Bay next year since I hear their pool is rated one of the top 10.
2	Revisited the Monte Carlo for three days. I remembered my first visit to the Monte Carlo 5 years prior as being a very nice comfortable hotel that lacked that Vegas umph. This time around I had to take off a star. First off it took us maybe 40 minutes to check in. Lines were long and they were understaffed. Once checked in we were shocked to see how run down the room was. It was dirty. Dirty towels, dirty tub, and dirty floors. We asked for a new room and right away they sent a bellman to take our bags to our new room. Between waiting in line and changing rooms it took us almost two hours to settle in. The room was clean but run down. No glasses to go with the ice buckets which is no big deal as I just called room service to have them delivered but the lack of attention to detail showed me that the Monte Carlo had gone down quality wise. Every morning we woke up to dance music at 9am that was being played poolside. Nothing wrong with music by why is a DJ blaring music at 9am? We never were able to sleep-in. Last thing I want to do is party late into the night to be woken up at 9am. The only good thing was the price. Priceline offered a 110 dollar a night special that included a free buffet for the both of us every day. I would never stay here again. I don't need a posh room but cleanliness and peace and tranquility in your room is a must.
3	I have to say out of all the hotels in Vegas this is the most decent one. Everything isn't overly fabulous, which is nice every once in awhile, and it just is what it is.The Monte Carlo doesn't try to be anything its not, and its perfect just the way it is. The rooms are extremely decent. The food is extremely decent.If you're going here for a turn around, or even just for a weekend trip, this is a good place to stay.Not bad and not extremely good. But somewhere in the middle.It's a good pick, and I would recommend it, it's just not my absolute favorite.
4	Couple years ago I stayed here and had an issue and the staff fixed it and made my stay perfect since then I have stayed here almost everytime I am here in Vegas. The service and rooms are wonderful. The food court is right next to the hotel elevators and the main table pit is close. The beverage staff are so quick and sweet.This is becoming one of my favorite hotels because of the customer service.
2	I will never, EVER stay here again. It was the worst hotel experience I've ever had to deal with. We got to the room only to realize that someone else had obviously been in there and it was never  cleaned up. The soap was open and the wrapper was on the floor, there was trash in the can, and the person even left his plane ticket from that morning. He must have not liked the room and then switched, but house keeping didn't clean the room in between. Then the safe was broken, and so we needed to switch rooms anyway because I had a very expensive camera with me.  Of course they didn't have any rooms left with 2 beds so they told us our only option was to stay in a smoking room that night. Gross! It smelled so bad! And on top of that, my camera didn't end up even fitting in the safe! When the bellman brought our bags up to the room, he was very nice at first...I tipped him at the end, and to my surprise - he counted the money right in front of me, snarled and stormed out of the room without a word!!!!! I could NOT believe it! Then on top of everything, we called for a few extra towels and another blanket and it took us calling 3 times (and being very nasty the 3rd time around) for them to bring us anything. Finally someone came with 1 blanket and we were told that was "all they had left." You mean to tell me you run a giant hotel on the Las Vegas strip and yet somehow all you have left is ONE blanket in the entire hotel?? REALLY?!I could go on, but honestly I am so disgruntled that I don't even want to relive it. The worst part is that upon checking out when we explained everything that happened, they didn't offer us anything. The clerk rummaged through some drawer, said "sorry, we don't have any coupons left" and that was it.
4	Disclosure: It is what it is.  My review is based on the fact that it is a 3 1/2 star hotel and I will only compare this hotel other 3 1/2 star hotels.  As compared to other 3 1/2 star hotels, I would rate this one near the top.Check-in - Stayed for 3 nights (R, F, A).  Arrived first night at 1am (F) (drove in from CA) - we had booked a King Room facing the strip on a high floor.  We got 2 full beds, facing to the West (not the Strip).  Was told that check-in starts at 3p and anytime after that the runs the risk of losing a booked room.  Even though I remained calm/relaxed, the 2 reps were not overly friendly nor apologetic - didn't even offer a free drink comp or anything like that. The next day, at 4p I went back to check-in our new room - and they corrected it - getting us a King room, high floor, facing the strip.  The rep this time was great.  I believe her name was Jennifer (late 20s~early30s).  She was courteous, made pleasant small talk while she was on hold with Hotel Ops (to release our room to us), professional, and ensured that I was taken care of or if I needed anything else.  Probably why she is working the day shift.Room -Was nice, clean, etc.  No major blemishes/etc.Pool - Great pool area.  Lazy river, wave pool, hottub, regular pool, beach area.  Music playing, DJ/Host shows up ~11a offering free shots/etc.  Music is Pop/Dance.  Not as crazy as some of the other hotels but def still can get PG-13/R after 1p as the booze/sun really takes its' toll on the patrons (aka drunken debaunchery)Bought 2 tubes ($15/$13 Lg/Sm) vs paying $10/day to rent for the lazy river.Workout facility - was much nicer than I was expecting.  Full set of free weights as well as a machine for each Chest/Tris/Abs/Bis/Back/Legs.  About 8 treadmills, 3 spin machines, 3 or 4 tv's.  Pros - Pool (Lazy River & Wavepool), Burger at the Pub (Med Rare) - was so awesome and cooked perfectly.Cons - Strawberry daiquiri slushie - no good; Late night hotel reps.; Resort Fee
3	This hotel wasn't anything out of the ordinary, just your standard bed, and tv nothing else, coming from staying at the Aria, the monte carlo just doesn't hold up to it, for the price I paid, staying at the luxor was a lot better and cheaper. but the casino floor and fast food resturaunts were pretty close to the elevator to the rooms, ill give them that.
4	I love the pool at the Monte Carlo.  Specifically, the lazy river!  Great people watching, cool views, and cold drinks.  GREAT DJ most days.
4	Called the number on back of Player's Card and this place had the bet rate for a Friday night - $130.I will be back here again, and here's why:-Rolled up at midnight and was in and out of valet within 30 seconds-Check in was a bit confusing since there was no line but people just standing around an waiting.  I waited in an open spot, was promptly called up, received the room keys and was on my way in less than 5 minutes-Elevator is right next to check-in, no walking across the casino floor-great location: right next to City Center-late checkout at 12pm
4	It was a wonderful stay. I got the spa suite and it had the view of the strip. All I can say is I will go back to this hotel again.
3	Based upon reviews on Yelp I was expecting to be disappointed by the Monte Carlo, but the price was right and I didn't plan on spending much time in the room anyways so I went ahead and chose to stay here.  I got there at night and check-in was a breeze.  No line and was in my room in around 10 minutes.The room itself was nothing special.  Modern decor and it was clean.  One complaint was the toilet in the bathroom sounded like a jet engine when flushing and when you turned on the water in the sink it would splash all over the place unless you were careful.  Another minor issue was that the room door wouldn't open at times and I would have to insert the key a half a dozen times or so to get it to open.  Kinda annoying but not a deal breaker.  There's no Wi-Fi available, but wired internet service is available and included in the $15 a day resort fee.  The casino is of decent size and during the day they have $5 blackjack tables which were nice.  At night the tables were $10 or higher.A plus to staying here is that there is a tram at the Monte Carlo which goes to the Aria, CityCenter and Bellagio.  It's nice to have when its 100 degrees outside.  The location on the strip is pretty good as well.  It's near the center and there's a CVS right next door and a Walgreens across the boulevard.
3	As Vegas goes, Monte Carlo is simple right smack in the middle of everything. Middle of the strip, middle of ratings, middle of food, middle of casinos.Nothing here really screams Monte Carlo, where I was expecting more of a Monaco/Southern France feel, with the pizazz of the world famous casino. Instead its just like every other casino and hotel on the strip. With the new CityCenter complex right next door, with all its sheen and glamor, this place sits in its shadow.Nonetheless, it is still a decent hotel to stay at, with all your desired amenities of a 4-star hotel. The casino staff are mild-mannered with nothing special. BUT what did annoy me was a $15 resort fee for guests, which might as well be incorporated within your cost, to use the amenities of the hotel. Oh well, Vegas is Vegas, can't really have a bad time!
4	I LOVE staying at the Monte Carlo when I go to Vegas. The rooms are a decent size, they're clean, the bathrooms are okay. The maids are really nice. They will switch out your towels daily, without asking. The hotel has 24 hour room service. There is a 15 dollar resort fee daily but that includes free internet so whatever. The pool area is great, entrance is free. They provide towels and water. There is a pool, wave pool, hot tub and lazy river. There is also two bars, waitresses and a volleyball court. There is a restaurant attached to the pool called The Pub- we had lunch there. The sliders and nachos are amazing. The bar has 100s of different beers. You can rent or buy tubes for the lazy river- we went next door to CVS and got ours for 3.99$.Oh yea, there is a CVS next door- super convenient. Inside the hotel there is a mall and food court. The food court has pizza, chinese, subway, mc donalds, and a couple of other places- great for grabbing late dinner. The hotel also has a tram which connects to Crystals, The Cosmo and Aria. I would def recommend staying here, and I will be back again!
3	Ambiance: GoodRoom: AverageService/Concierge: GoodParking: freeLocation: GoodWell I got a very good rate due to the casino card. I was staying for a week and wanted get an upgrade to the Hotel 32 as it was long stay but unfortunately they don't have 2 beds in Hotel 32. I was initially given a room on the 4th floor facing the pool and guess what with all the pool party craze its not a good idea to face the pool and be on a lower floor as the music plays nonstop till 5-6PM. I was fortunate enough to have me moved to a higher floor. The rooms are clean but do need a revamp. The location is the reason I picked this hotel as it is dead central. The Food court is interesting as they have a whole bunch of chain places there. There is a Starbucks to you can get free WiFi if you want. Now for the restaurants I only tried out the Pub as it was the Basket Ball Playoffs. Like most places the drinks are expensive here and mojitos are ho hum. The beer selection is quite extensive. I enjoyed a pint here several times as it does get busy and the bar tenders are not very talkative and are quite busy. The pool is quite nice as they have wave pool and lazy river so its a good way to pass time. The place can get loud. There is a nice sandy beach volley ball area though not many people seem to enjoy it. The good part is you are connected via mono rail to Bellagio. With a dead central location if you are getting a deal I don't see a reason why one wouldn't stay here.
4	I have so much to say about Monte Carlo after staying there for 5 nights and having visited their pool, lounge, casino, etc. How should I start?Location:  is great. It's in the middle of the strip. There's a CVS next door and there's an ABC Store, Walgreens, Showcase Mall (M&M World and Coca Cola Store, movie theaters) right across the street. There's also a bus stop where the Deuce and the express stops right in front of Showcase. The only offset about location is that only the Deuce stops in front of Monte Carlo. If you catch the express, you would have to get off either at Bellagio or Excalibur. It's a short walk to both but I think Excalibur is closer. New York New York is right next door as well. There's also a tram that connects you to City Center and Bellagio and you can catch that by going through the shops. Rooms:  The rooms are pretty comfy with nice TVs (so not like the old school TVs IP has) with cable. We were able to get adjoining rooms so it felt like we had a suite (if only that wall wasn't in the way) haha. Rooms are not huge but they are decent sized. Walls are a little thin but being Vegas, we never had any complaints. The iHome on our side was broken (it could charge my phone but didn't play music) but the one in our other room worked so we were fine with that. Pool: They have a heated pool, lazy river, wave pool, and a huge jacuzzi. You can rent a tube for $10 but we had a special thing so we got 2 for 1 tubes. The wave pool wasn't very strong so I got bored of that pretty quickly. I liked the lazy river but it got so crowded at times :[Lounge: A friend and I checked out the Brand Lounge on our first night at Monte Carlo. It was $20 for girls and all you can drink. They gave us each a pink cup and we just kept getting refills. It started off super weak at first and got gradually stronger which makes no sense at all. We had a pretty good time there. The crowd is a little older (mid-late 20s).Casino: I had some good times as well as bad times at the casino here. I did super bad when I played alone but when I had my friends with me I did fairly good. Haha. We had a good laugh with one of the casino attendants (the guy in charge of the table). The dealers were nice and friendly. Buffet: A friend and I woke up earlier than everyone else once so we decided to check out the buffet with our 2 for 1 deal. It was okay as far as buffets go. Not the best but not the worst. I preferred Bellagio's buffet but that's not too surprising. Their orange juice was kinda gross though =\.
1	The fire at the Monte Carlo should have burnt the place to the ground!
1	It took about 30 min to check in. They wouldn't honor the complimentary internet access that was supposed to be complimentary. We had to pay the Internet access fee and to top it off. The room had double beds not a single which we asked for. Manager was unhelpful. When something is complimentary does that mean free or free after you pay for it? Their argument is free after you pay for it and it's for your convenience. Lol..! Never again will I stay here. I should have stayed at the Venetian.
2	Meeehhhh.....The location is good not great (it's a little too far down south of the strip for my taste). The casino and hotel room were nice but drifted more towards simple and sedate. I guess when I'm in Vegas I want my hotel to have more of a theme and then go balls to the wall to make it happen. Be gaudy, be extravagant be grandiose and bizarre , but have a personality. The Monte Carlo is adequately modern, clean and geographically sound, overall a "safe bet" by Vegas hotel standards. But who wants to play it safe in Vegas?
5	Top notch place to stay.
2	Meh.I've stayed in a number of hotels in Vegas, and we booked this one because of the lazy river and the expected beautiful decor. When we got there, we immediately noticed the wonderful aroma that wafted through the hotel. nice. We were pretty sweaty after hiking from the parking garage in the 115 degree Las Vegas weather, and we weren't impressed with their air conditioning. The elevators were downright hot. The check-in was pretty easy and we were given our keys and directions to the room.Arriving to the room, we weren't impressed. The view was decent...we could see out to the Hard Rock and M&M store, so that was cool, but the room was just meh. The longer we stayed, the more we noticed things falling apart. Our sink wasn't draining, the iron was missing from the closet, and there were about 15 escort business cards in the drawer next to the bible. We called down to the front desk to ask about wifi, and we were told that they didn't have it. They told us that there was a plug in the room, but it seemed that someone had taken that, too. And we learned later that it wouldn't have worked for a Macbook Air anyway. ughWhen we went down to the pool, it was really crowded. One of the pools was way too warm to be comfortable in 115 degree Vegas heat. The "lazy river" that we were looking forward to was a circle...really not impressive at all.One of the days, we went to the buffet and paid for endless mimosas. Every time we looked around for our waiter to refill our mimosas, he was nowhere to be found. But eventually, we would track him down. When we waved him down for our fourth round, he gave us a dirty look. He was really rude.All in all, it was just an average hotel. I can't say that I will be staying here again. There are for better places to stay on the strip that have better amenities and better decor.
2	Casino is OK. There was a bar there... Sort of at the end of the ice bar. The service there was really bad- never asked us what we wanted. After waitig 19 minutes, we asked for service and waitress was offended and rude.
3	3 Stars.We walked into Monte Carlo feeling great but it took us at least 30 mins just to check in... pretty ridiculous!I give it 3 stars not for the room but for other things such as the location, ease of getting to other hotels, and the other hotel amenties.The hotel room itself needed serious help. I have been on plenty of cruises and the toilet flush reminded me of a cruise boat... loud and noisy!The bed was HARD and we were annoyed because we booked a king bed back in June and we came late August and had two beds! We had to wait until 3pm the next day to swap out. UGH! How annoying to drag all your stuff and move rooms.The internet was free but no wireless which was annoying. I never use desks in hotels, especially in Vegas so they really need to look into having a password system or something!The actual room amenties were yucky, the soap was hard, the water was hard coming out of the yucky shower head. The towels stunk and it was just all around not that great. Luckily for us we left the room more often than not.The buffet was just okay. The food was just okay for brunch... they do have unlimited mimosas for $2 extra but it wasnt quite worth it to me. The crab was the best thing there.Beware the $15 resort fee they charge you at checkout. Get what you can from it, use the pool! It was SO much fun with the DJ and I think they were having contests and things which was entertaining! The Brand Steakhouse night club was nice. You get hounded by so many people asking if you want to go, that we decided to check it out. Friday night was girls night I guess where everyone pays $20 cover but girls drink free. I love that you can exit and enter and come back after you gamble a bit. The music was great, a mix of hip hop and pop and house/techno. We danced quite a bit and felt that the $20 was worth it!The location was perfect! You can walk to New York New York and catch the tram all the way to Mandalay Bay or you can catch one to Aria and Crystals and Bellagio. You can walk basically to Ceasars without a cab or catch a cab and hit the other part of the strip.The other reason we had reservations here was because the really good show Jabbawockeez was playing here so we only had to get dressed and go downstairs, PLUS!We were so close to Planet Hollywood and the ABC store, UA theatre, Hard Rock and the little flea market to get little trinkets.Overall the location is what you pay for so if you dont intend on sleeping, stay there!
3	Pretty decent budget place to stay on the strip, where you pretty much get what you pay for. Good Points:- The room was decent. It had a bed, blanket, shower, LCD TV, toilet. But then again, so does Motel 6....- AC works well, which is nice when its hot all day and night outside- Pool and fitness center were good. In fact, they give FREE BOTTLED WATER in the fitness center. Amazing!- Perfectly located on the strip. Pretty much in the heart of it all. - Whirlpool and sauna in the spa area are actually free for guests.- Pretty quiet at night. No "noises" to wake us up....- Seems like a relaxed, family friendly place. Bad Points:- No wireless internet. Just an ethernet cord stapled to the wall coming up onto the desk. If you really want wireless, just bring your own router, or bring your own super long ethernet cord and plug it into the cable modem under the TV cabinet.- The ad for Jabawookeez plays nonstop. Everywhere. All the time. - While the room is decent, when you look closely there are issues. The wallpaper was peeling in some spots in the bathroom. The carpet seemed old. There is no fridge (but you can rent one for the low low price of $25/night!). The shower started to drain poorly by day 3. The sink makes a loud "glug" sound when it drains. Like it wants to eat your hands....There is also a distinct "Monte Carlo Smell": air freshener to cover the cig smoke ... plus the cig smoke. You always know when you are back. Anyway, I think on a budget, and if you dont plan to spend much time here, this place is fine. I wouldn't come to Vegas just to stay here or see this place.
2	We try to stay somewhere different every time we go to Vegas and because this time, we only planned to stay one night on our way home from a California trip, I didn't want to spend a lot.After searching Kayak, our three choices for decent lodging along with budget pricing was Monte Carlo, Rio or Paris Las Vegas. Both the Rio and Paris Las Vegas had mixed reviews while Monte Carlo seemed to be higher end. So we opted for a strip view room at the Monte Carlo.Now first of all, don't be fooled by "strip view." Sure you can see some of the strip however the hotel is not located directly on the strip itself but set back quite a ways. So your view is limited.I was also a bit disappointed with the dated room - its furnishings and decor. There was no refrigerator or even an honors bar (money making opportunity here) and the shower fixture was pretty gotty looking. I know I'm being a bit particular here but after staying at the Wynn last year, the Monte Carlo was disappointing. The hallway where our room was located (23rd floor) smelt like a skunk had been there. I'm not sure if it was actual skunk or someone smoking some skunk weed in one of the rooms. ;-)Finally, waiting about 10 minutes for the elevator to finally stop on our floor during check-out time was all but ridiculous. I felt like I was waiting for a theme park ride without the theming or the thrills.All that being said, I don't think the Monte Carlo is a bad place for those looking for budget accommodations. I just know I won't be going back because there are much better places to stay for the same price range.A positive is that it looks like they have a wonderful pool area including wave pool and lazy river. Due to time's sake, we did not get to experience these but if you have kids in Vegas, looks like a cool place for them.
2	Great location, looks good from the outside but is a bit dated inside and could use renovations. They charge you an extra $15 a night which covers Internet but they don't even have wireless. Also both my wife and I ended up with bug bites so I'm thinking bed bugs and on checking out I told the front desk and they said they would check it out and call me. They did call later and naturally they said it was clean.. So who knows maybe we got bitten some other place but sure seems suspect.
4	I just spent Labor Day Weekend at Monte Carlo Resort and Casino!  Overall, I really enjoyed my experience at this hotel and I would recommend it to friends.Although it's not the nicest hotel on the strip and a little bit older than the surrounding hotels like Aria, but it was still relatively clean and I'm happy to say I was not greeted with a cloud of smoke upon entering the lobby during check-in.  The Cons:1.  It's on the south end of the strip which is far from the night clubs we wanted to check out (ex: XS @ Encore)2. They charge a daily resort fee3. Older rooms and bathrooms4. Thin walls (could hear neighbors coughing or talking sometimes)5. One worker at the bell desk was a bit unpleasant upon our check outThe Pros:1.  Not too expensive2.  There is a free tram that runs from Monte Carlo/Aria to Crystals shopping to Bellagio and back3.  Spacious rooms4. The casino area isn't too smokey like other hotels I've walked through5. Jabbawockeez! 6. The employees at the front desk and Concierge are all very pleasant and helpful7.  Cute shops 8. There is a wave pool and lazy river (did not have time to check it out though)9. There is a cafe that is open 24 hours 10. Bed and pillows were comfortable I really enjoyed my stay at Monte Carlo and wouldn't mind staying again the next time I visit Las Vegas!
3	Stayed the last weekend in August 2011.  Chose the Monte Carlo for the rate, they have a Starbucks, the lazy river and location on the strip.  We went for my daughters 21st birthday.  Used the free valet when we arrived, bellman took our bags and we went to check-in right at 3:00 pm.  I had requested 3 rooms together with 1 king and 2 double queens.  No king beds were available (cleaned) at our check in time and the closest they could get our rooms was 320, 324 and 332 down a hallway.  Bellman was very quick to bring our bags to our rooms and off we went.  We were trying to get out to the strip and couldn't find any signage to lead us in the right direction.  We made it eventually.  iHome in each room, nice TV, very comfortable beds.Rooms were average but I'd say ours hadn't been vacuumed, no wi-fi but there is a wired connection, hair dryers are in a bag inside the closet (had to call housekeeping about this).  Casino only serves Pepsi (YUCK) but fortunately there is a McDonald's in the food court where I could get Diet Coke.  Food Court was small but covers all bases:  Subway, Starbucks, Sbarro, Rubios and McDonald's (think I got those correct).  Line at Starbucks is LONG but there's a second Starbucks if you head towards the tram that goes to the Bellagio. The Buffet - kind of pricey and the food was average (pepsi only).  The Cafe - we had breakfast there and the food was good (pepsi only). The Pub - we went in for dinner at 9:00 pm on Saturday night to hear the dueling pianos.  We weren't very hungry and only ordered appetizers which were tasty.  The place was not busy at all, the piano guys were asking for birthdays, anniversaries, etc so I wrote down it was my daughters 21st birthday with her name and put $3 or $4 dollars in the tip jar.  They never mentioned her even though they were begging for suggestions, etc.  I guess you need to hand the guy the money at the same time as the 'ticket' and if it's not enough money forget it they don't mention you.The Pool - is a very cramped area.  It was hard to find chairs but we walked around and saw a group leaving.  The "lazy river" is very small, you have to rent the tubes, or walk around the river and the water was cold.  We went in the bigger pool which was in the shade the whole time we were out there but was comfortable except for children running around. Never saw a waitress (11:30 am on a Saturday) so my sister went to the bar and it took 15-20 minutes to get a drink. We'd go back for a good deal and due to the location, especially since the beds were comfortable.
4	The Monte Carlo is a cool hotel.  Updated furniture, nice tv's, and good service.The pool at Monte Carlo is underrated.  Its a pretty nice pool to hang out, but minus the big rowdy crowd. Great location on the strip as well.
2	Hey, I remember these fixtures and these pastel paintings -- my mom decorated our home this way in 1992! Hello not-yet-retro, bleck!Everything started off predictably well - the check in service was quick, and the staff was friendly. But all went downhill when the light of day hit my room. No WiFi, and the wired in outlet was on the fritz. The room was not properly cleaned before my arrival. Sure, it was surface swept, but not well at all - the remains of a shopping spree's plastic price tags littered the floor between the beds, the toilet seat was wet, and there were strange black smears on two of the pillows and the outer comforter. Partner that up with a suspicious smell to the water, a shower fixture that could decapitate any royal and soaps that left me so dry I immediately peeled two layers of skin in an alligator like fashion and well... it's not tough to see why I wasn't impressed. Salvageable moments: the cabana guy lent me an inner tube for free, but he also made me wait a few minutes while he helped people who came after me. Worth getting it for free, because a $10 inner tube rental for a pretty small and bland lazy river would have really made me feel ripped off. And from the tram station, the pool looks pretty - complete with a beach volleyball court! For the deal I got, it was almost worth it. $50 a night plus the $15 a night hotel fees, of course. But I think next time I'll remember, you pay for what you get.
3	This was my first time at the Monte Carlo (like seriously.  Even when I was younger, we skipped the Monte Carlo because they didn't have any kid-friendly attractions), so I was pleasantly surprised.  My friend is a hustler (har har) so we were able to get a room for Labor Day weekend.The room:A little outdated, but large and comfortable.  The toilet had a crack (i didn't do it!) and the shower head tried to blast all the skin off my body.  There was no refrigerator (boo having to drink warm Four Lokos... ok just kidding, we made our own fridge in the sink :P) and our room was the very end of a long hallway (but not as long a hallway as the Mirage, so still alright!).  It came with free wired internet (which we didn't use because seriously, who doesn't have a blackberry/iphone/smart phone by now?) and a binder that advertises the Lance Burton show (haha, didn't that thing get cancelled like 5-10 years ago?).  There was an ipod docking station and 2 phones (which were practically next to each other.  convenient, no?)  Our view was of the pool, which looked pretty awesome actually.  If my friend had brought swim shorts, we would've gone!The hotel:Small strip of stores/restaurants in the "Boulevard of Dreams" or whatever its called.  A small food court which included Subway, Starbucks, Sbarros, Hagaan Daz, McDonalds, and some Chinese restaurant.  There were bars/restaurants scattered through the casino area.  Nothing crazy impressive, except for the minus 5 Ice Lounge (which was overpriced, but still awesome).  Bonus points for having a direct connection to the Aria and a tram that goes to Aria/Crystals and Bellagio/Vdara.Overall, its a great location to sleep in/pay little money for a room, but if you're shelling out big bucks, you might as well stay elsewhere.
3	We happened upon the Monte Carlo because of Priceline bidding.The lobby is very pretty and has that older style and class to it that my parents liked very much. The hotel has a really nice smell to it, not all smoky like other hotels. Rooms:- Older so there is normal wear and tear.- Loud flushing toilet because of Las Vegas's high elevation- Terrible toiletries -- not a very good quality at all- TV has very limited channels and doesn't have my beloved Food Network- Very soft bed, which was bad news for my back, which requires a firmer mattress- The rooms (I had two -- one for me and my husband, the other for my in-laws) all smelled of stale cigarettes, even though we had non-smoking rooms. I'm assuming it's because some jerks smoked anyway or because the smoke traveled through the vents- Great view of the pools and part of the strip- Showers are OLD.Pool:Better attractions than most hotels. There was a wave pool, a lazy river, a regular pool, and a smaller kiddie pool (maybe it was a jacuzzi -- I didn't get in that pool to verify). The pools are a lot smaller than the pools (including the wave pool and lazy river) at other hotels, particularly the similar pools at Mandalay Bay. Towels are a bit old and run down. Very small bar. and "gift/pool shop."Hotel/Casino/Buffet:Eh, the buffet was okay, but there are much better places to eat to your heart's content in Vegas.The casino itself is really small and is a lot smaller than other hotels' casinos on the strip. There weren't a lot of slot machines or card tables. There is a poker room, though, so that was nice.The food court is really small, and there was nothing special. LOVED, LOVED, LOVED the tram to Bellagio/Aria. You can also walk to Aria without going outside. Big pluses. I'm not sure if we'll stay here again, because it is a bit off-center of the strip, but having a tram to Bellagio makes it okay. Also, there are a lot of great hotels on the strip, but this place is a pretty great deal if you're in a pinch or need a place at the last minute. It's a lot better than Luxor or Excalibur, so I'd definitely stay here over those hotels.
3	Good hotel. Pricey. Rather stay at Venetian. However the Spa upgrade would be great, but they didn't have any for me as they were all booked. My aunt had it and the room was amazing. The pool was WAY too crowded... And don't waste $ renting the tubes.. $10 to rent $12 to buy, much better to buy them. I feel it's worth the extra $ to go to Venetian
3	This was my first time staying here.  It had reasonable rates and the location was good, so I thought why not.The rooms are not that nice, out dated and I hated having to stare at the ironing board leaning against the wall.  They missed cleaning the room on the first day, but sent someone up after I called.  The pools are nice but small, it was not too crowded since we were there mid-week, I would hate to see it on a busy day.If you are doing Vegas on a budget, this is a good choice.
3	3 stars but I will still never stay here again!  The rooms need updating, the hotel itself was nothing special, and the restaurants were very average.  Also, the pool was extremely loud and crowded. The pool chairs were so close together I would have been more comfortable in a coach seat on US Airways. I finally left their pool and walked to MGM to use their's. I couldn't wait to check out!
2	I stayed at the Monte Carlo over the 4'th of July weekend and rented a cabana by the pool. I stayed in the jacuzzi suite and it was in need of a deep cleaning, you know that kind of clean where you set the room on fire and remodel it after the ashes settle. Ok so i paid $300 bucks to have a "cabana" by the pool on the fourth of july, When my girlfriend and I were shown our two lawn chairs located 2.5 feet from the kids wave pool, i was angrier than the time she  tricked into attending  Andrew Lloyd Webber's Opera, featuring such hits as: "Don't cry for me argentina". I said to the cute blonde bimbo in the bikini "is this our cabana?" she replied "ummm lemme check, yeah." as if she was wearing an invisible ear piece connected to her manager.      At this point i didn't care anymore, I just wanted to catch a buzz and over eat. So the deal is you get the cabana for the day, but you need to eat up at least $300 dollars in food and drink. I asked the girl for a few water's and a few cocktails because it was already broiling hot. Oh man! it was over an hour later, How was i going to spend $300 if i couldn't get a water and a beer an hour? Another waitress walked by and I flagged her down to see if she could check on our drinks, she was gone like a gipsy in the hot vegas sun never to be seen again.   Now i know what you are thinking , "well it was the fourth and they were really busy"....."um, no" they weren't busy at all, we were surrounded by empty chairs and splashing little kids in the wave pool. So we eventually got our drinks and quickly finished them because we thought we were going to evaporate on our redneck lawn chairs that were settled on a awkward slope by THE KITTY POOL!!!!!!, Long miserable story, but in the end we complained about the lack of service and received some lame hundred dollar credit for the next time we want to starve for a buzz and some snacks next to the pee pee pool.      The kicker is that the waitress tried to take an included gratuity of $80 dollars hahahahah, I didn't even know who she was and she tried to take almost a hundred bucks from me. Her manager called her over right in front of me and my girlfriend, making her peel open that  baby blue fanny pack and fork over the dough!!!! hahaha VICTORY!!! never again Mr. Monte Carlo!!!!
5	My new favorite Vegas hotel.  Its reasonably priced.  Wonderful pool area with hot tub, lazy river and wave pool.  The rooms were lovely.  The staff was helpful and corteous.  But the best part, for me anyway.  Is you can get around without going throught the casino!  For us non-smoker non-gamblers thats a HUGE deal.
4	This was about the 5th time I stayed here. Had a  spa suite. I love the place. It is slightly dated, but the staff is excellent. The beds are very comfortable. It is easy to Navigate around. The rates are reasonable. You can find inexpensive tables to play on. Checked on comps prior to leaving. Already had the Suite comped and they still took off everything else on the bill. I would definitely stay here again. It may not be 5 star or have the luxury of the Wynn or Venetian, but it is a nice property.
5	The Monte Carlo is by far the best hotel for me. It's centrally located in the heart of the strip and despite the recent renovations next door, it still fits in great. I can't eat at any other cafe. Seriously, their food is so good. From their country fried steak to their chicken carbonara. So delicious! Any of their dishes appease any craving that I have. The dishes have always been cooked to perfection (except for the ONE time my hash browns were a little over-done, but it's cool). Other than that, nothing compares to their cafe for the price.Their customer service has always been outstanding. The staff is always pleasant and accommodating. IF something does go wrong, they always do their best to fix it.For those of you who enjoy gambling like myself, the MC is great. I'm a slotty gal so can't say much for the tables, but they have machines that range from $.05 to $5. Can't say the same for Aria next door. $10 video poker?! I ran right back to MC.The rooms I have stayed in were always clean. I also tip the maids regardless if they come into my room during my stay. If everyone at least left them a few bucks to show appreciation, it'd go a long way. Oh yeah, tip the cocktail waitresses too. $1 a drink is my rule. It's just a classy thing to do.All in all, MC is my #1 hotel in Vegas. Affordable, awesome food, friendly staff, and great for gambling. I tend to never leave MC because I'm usually disappointed with the other options. I love you guys!
5	Awesome Spot to Stay!  My girl and I and friends always stay at the Monte Carlo Resort.  It's right on the strip and the rooms are at VERY reasonable rates.  If you have a Player's Club Card it's even better....So my gf got me a trip to Vegas for my B-day/Graduation celebration.  We had the plane tickets purchased, and the weekend planned.  However, we did not book our room yet.  We were pretty sure that we were going to stay at the Monte Carlo-- but wanted to look around a little bit-- just to mix it up.  Again, rates were reasonable we were just seeking something different.  We were looking at rooms about 4 weeks before our trip... and still didn't book because we had plenty of time.  The following Monday on my way to work I heard the announcement of the I (HEART) radio concert... SAME WEEKEND... To our demise our rates tripled.  My gf called the Monte Carlo on that MONDAY and tried to book-- however it was at the much higher rate.  This is where having a Player's Club card mattered.  Gf said, "Well I have a Player's Club card there, and I was going to book my room this weekend.  I had no idea that the concert was going to be announced."  Immediately the person on the other end of the phone sent her up to VIP.  The guy addressed her by Ms. (last name) and booked the room for the "original" rate that we found.  The GF was VERY pleased.... as was I.  Besides being a Hotel on the Strip with great rates they have a Wave Pool, Regular Pool, Jacuzzi, and Lazy River.  The casino downstairs is fun too... I usually end up winning or at least breaking even.  We look forward to our next stay.Five stars for Monte Carlo- ALWAYS!
1	There were two redeeming factors to this hotel:1. Location: It was not a bad location, especially with the tram that takes you from Monte Carlo to Aria and Bellagio.2. The Bellhop: When we arrived to the hotel very early in the morning, this towering bellhop (forgot his name) took our bags right away so we could walk around. I'm not sure how standard this service is but I found it very nice.Other than the above facts, this hotel was not a good experience:1. Dirty Sheets: Upon arrival, I noticed dried blood on my sheets. Not cool.2. Room Service: I asked for a change of sheets because of the blood stain. A guy came up to our room with a bag of 5 linens, gave us the bag and told us to change the sheet ourselves. If this were my own home, then alright. But I'm paying for this service, so I found it a bit unacceptable.3. BED BUGS: I kept waking up to bite marks all over me and actually saw a nice red bed bug run across my linens. I complained upon check-out and the hotel management said they would do a 'complete inspection' and call me back later. Of course, they found nothing.The one star is mainly based on my experience with the hotel rooms, rather than the casino, lounges and food court. I would have given the hotel two stars but I'm particularly picky about the bed bug issue.
3	i'm rating em based on my casino experience.. i think monte carlo is smart to have lower limit on the table games.. the inside.. is so average.. casino doesn't look appealing but hey! its a casino.. no matter how it looks like, u still throw money in there.. lol lost a lot there.. but i think i enjoyed my experience meeting up with the friendly dealers.. the people who play there are friendly and nice too.. it was great.. oh and i played in front of dancing bimbos.. they have great butts.. worth checking.. :D they moved em a lot too.. so for guys who like butts.. i think u can go try to check it out.. play blackjack in front of moving butts.. oh.. its minus 2 stars coz the club is located right inside the casino.. and its friggin loud!! the songs are pretty bad too.. and oh.. the dancing chix place also have another music.. they're not better.. horrible choices of music.. otherwise, if u win, and the music is better.. monte carlo is fine.. i guess..
4	Awesome pool area but it gets crowded.The rooms were ncie and clean but you can hear people next door....The views are not so great either. Having to open the blinds we had a metal chimney thing in our way.
4	Stayed at the Monte Carlo for my birthday weekend for 3 nights.  the room rates were reasonable, esp for a weekend, but it was a random weekend.  I got a coupon book which was pretty neat, my cousin and i def took advantage of that!  Rooms were clean and comfy.  The tv's weren't so nice, but it's Vegas, i guess they don't want you to stay in the room anyways hehe!
3	Came here for the weekend since it was pretty cheap, $100 a night. There are some crappy things, but some bonus things about this place. Let's start with the bad. The check in counter, there's no single line. You just stand behind a person that's being helped. and everyone follows. So you can be outta luck if the person in front of you is taking FOREVER. the room. nothing fancy, but the beds and pillows were comfy, definite plus. The room though, omg...you can hear EVERYTHING. i mean ive been to hotels where the walls are thin, but because of the connector door, we could hear everything from the next room. Sunday morning, I could hear the football game's play by play going on next door. Ridiculous. The bathroom has no fan, so you can hear everything as well, and the toilet flusher makes a crazy loud noise. Overall, the room was whatevers, but at least the key thing was the beds and pillows were comfortable, but I just couldnt enjoy it with all the noises outside. Another negative thing is the elevators are quite slow, and don't seem to come and go as often. Casino is decent. I didn't imagine them to have such a big one, and some decent lounges and restaurants inside. However, if you play slots, cocktail waitresses DO NOT come around. And every single one I encountered (one time I had to walk around and find one myself) are all MEAN. Their M Life players club line...there's only one person tending to guests. I tried waiting in line 3 different times, and even with only one person in line, it took DAYS. i probably could've gotten a lot of points on my first day but with no card, no luck. The pool looks so janky, and they have a lazy river that my friend enjoyed the first 5 minutes. The best part is the food court, which is critical in any hotel. McDonalds, Sbarro, and Subway are open 24 hours, WAHOO! and the McDonald's has the $1 menu and mini meals, which is a definite plus. Pizza and fast food are the main staples of food after a hard night of drinking. Other than that, it was an okay stay, nothing fancy, but got the job done.
2	Checked in, went ok, not busy but,  NO FEEDER LINES, just stand in front of any clerk--- ARE YOU KIDDING welcome to the 20th century, very unfair if you get a slow front desk clerk or a problem guest in front of you by accident.  Ok, in your defense, they still do lines this way in Cambodia but thats it, Myramar and Thailand use one line now.    Cmon, wake up management., anyone?Went to my room and immediately tried to turn on the TV--nope, nada  Tried to open the curtains, you know, the shear ones, nope totally stuck closed.  Called front desk, handed off  to facilities, was told it would be at least 30-40 minutes to send someone up.  (And they want me to gamble here)  Called front desk supervisor-- he said he would reassign me a new room and my keycard would work, really great, things are looking up.  Ok sir, room is on the same floor xxxxx.  OK, glad I didnt unpack, thanks.  Of course the keycard didnt work, now I am getting a little upset and I havent even lost any money yet..  Called back from phone in hallway.  Security came up and let me in pretty fast, good job security and thanks.  Only problem is I lost a set of earbuds to my i phone going from one room to another.  Checked back twice with security, no luck  Crap, down 35 already.Anyway, I think someone looked out for me here.  I gambled at this hotel 6 times and won 6 times, (oops went 2 for 5 at other places)This hotel is badly datded and really, really needs a makeover.  The prices are ok but for just a little more, you can stay at a nice property.Please do
3	I stayed at the Monte-Carlo for 3-comped night for the first time in years during my September visit to LV. Check-in was decent considering we were visiting on a weekend, and because our room wasn't ready once we arrived, they gave us a food voucher so we could grab a late lunch. Nice touch Monte-Carlo!Let's start with the negatives. The pool. I read people raving about the pool, but I just don't see it. The lounge chairs look old and grimy, like they haven't had a good cleaning since the beginning of the season. That, and the chairs are laid out quite awkwardly, all bunched together, so you can't slide into your seat, you can only approach from the foot of the chair, really odd. We didn't receive any service, no drinks, nothing, but maybe that was because is was already labour day?The casino and the hotel is old. Is that a negative? For me, no, for someone else, it might be. I don't go to Vegas to spend the day in my hotel room, so my expectations are low. Yes, I love a luxurious room, but that won't break my visit. All I ask for is a clean room, a TV that works, and a comfortable bed. I got all that, so I was happy with it.Overall, this is not the best hotel on the strip, but for location, price, and service, it is exactly A-OK in my books!
2	Stayed here 3 nites only because I had a conference to attend.  Employees are like robots; they don't give a damn of you are there or not.  Waited over 20 minutes at a BJ Table for someone to accept my MLife card and rate my play.  Poor dealer called management in pit 3 times and each time magement just looked and stayed away from the table.  Would not stay here again; Harrahs and their properties have this place beat.
4	Perfectly adequate. I stayed in the Monte Carlo following a canceled flight (hurricane Irene) for 6 (yes, 6) nights. Monte Carlo is not an upscale Las Vegas resort. There, that's out of the way. If you want upscale, go to the Bellagio or Wynn or Encore or any of number of other places. What Monte Carlo offers is: 1) Prime location. If you are planning on exploring the Las Vegas Strip, Monte Carlo make a great home base. It is centrally located and easily accessible. 2) Totally average accommodations. The hallways may be crappy and old, but the guest rooms are perfectly average. They are no better or worse than a typical Holiday Inn (pre-renovation). Sure, they could use updating, but the beds are acceptable, the rooms are clean and you feel safe while you are there. For under $50 (or so) a night, you will not find a better deal ON the strip. 3) A nice gaming atmosphere. The tables (blackjack, roulette) always seem inviting and friendly, they have some of the friendliest dealers and in general it is a nice place to gamble. The pool and lazy river are decent (nothing spectacular) and the walkway/access to the CityCenter Tram is a huge plus (it is very easy to get out and explore).Monte Carlo is not fancy. Accept that and you will have a good time. If you cannot accept that, don't stay there (there are tons of fancy places to stay). In general, Monte Carlo attracts a younger crowd (or so it seemed to me in my 6 days there and in my previous visits).
1	I did not stay here but just visiting the casino and coffee shop, I firmly believe hotel management has decided to let this place simply waste away. The casino is dark and appears like they cut back on the cleaning crew. We went to the coffee shop and stood behind a party of four(we were 2). There was no hostess around and the patience level got to the point the party of 4 just grabbed some menus and seated themselves. We did the same. The service was terribly slow, although fortunately the food was served hot and wasn't too bad. I was surprised we had to go the cashier to pay rather than the waiter taking the bill but it was, after all, just the coffee shop. So we asked the cashier about the no-hostess and were told it was a "shift change." When my wife (perhaps inappropriately) sniped back that was kind of a lame excuse, the cashier said to us "then go eat somewhere else."   Maybe a "we're sorry for the inconvenience" would have diffused things a bit.   Finally, the race and sports book is a mess in that they now require a minimum bet before allowing you to get a drink. I know some hotels are doing the same but the Monte Carlo has what I consider to be outrageous betting limits(Some guy sitting nearby told me he didn't get a drink voucher until he had bet $200 on the ponies). I say let this place go away; there are nicer and better places to go where customer service is still part of the equation.
5	I love staying here. They're not all snooty about giving you key cards, you can have as many as you need. The service is quick and friendly. The rooms are nice and the beds are comfortable. And if you stay here, you have to check out Andre's. It has the BEST fois gras I've ever had...I crave it just thinking about it!!
3	I've watched all those shows on the Travel Channel. "Vegas AFTER DARK!" "Vegas: A VIP Tour!" "Vegas Gives You a Handjob and then Bakes You Cookies (But Only After Vegas Washes Its Hands First.)"  It all looks so glamorous, so sparkly. Neon dreams washing over doe-eyed faces; the visuals alone are worth the price of admission. What no one ever mentions, though, are....the smells. Perfume, cigarettes, urine, Axe Body Spray, cigarettes...um, what is that? Chinese food? Oh, and the cigarettes. Each hotel and casino has its own scent, depending on its age and clientele. Binions, downtown, smelled of menthols and Ben Gay. Traces of suntan lotion, Axe Body Spray and Pall Malls wafted through the Excalibur while the Imperial Palace reeked of Virginia Slims and despair.This brings me to the Monte Carlo. The Monte Carlo is a middle-range hotel, by Strip standards. While not as dismal as that time I stayed at The IP (Room 13, natch), it's not as high-end as Aria or the Bellagio or wherever George Clooney goes to get his penis washed. However, Monte Carlo's location is nice. It's centrally located (relatively speaking) and the free tram to Aria and the Bellagio is a big help for weary footsies.And the smell?  It was somewhere between Windex and Marlboro Reds. Actually, no. It leaned more towards the Marlboro Reds, especially in my room. Yeah, we requested a non-smoking room, but it still smelled like 1967 in there. We should've immediately requested another room, but after quickly dropping off our bags and then going full tilt that first day, it wasn't until the Day One Vegas buzz wore off that we noticed that we had just bunked up Joe Camel's asshole. The smoke permeated everything, from the sheets to the towels.We lived with it. The wife scored a candle from a friend and that helped. Other than that, the room was ok. It was nothing special, but nothing horrible either. The wave pool was empty, which disappointed us a bit. The "lazy river" looked uninspired from our perch waiting for the Bellagio tram, though admittedly, we didn't look closer than that. The check-in clerk was adorably perky and helpful. The price wasn't bad either. Oh and I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the showerhead. That thing was like being pressure washed every morning which, for most people vacationing in Las Vegas, is probably necessary. It sounds like I'm complaining about the showerhead, but I'm not. The showerhead was easily one of my top three favorite things about Las Vegas and that includes my outrageously expensive meal at Jose Andres' e'. In all, I would've given the Monte Carlo 4 stars were it but for the smoke.Damn you, you smokers. This is why we can't have nice things.
3	Stayed here for one night last weekend. The only issue I had was that when we went to check in there was no designated line to wait in. Everyone kinda waited for an individual person at the check-in area. The guy we were waiting on decided to wait until he finished helping the person in front of us to tell us he was closed. This left only one person open and it took forever to check in.Other than that, the price was reasonable and the room was pretty good. Nothing great, but not bad either. Location on the strip is pretty good too, close to the middle, exactly where we wanted to be.
3	The hotel needs to be updated. The bathroom wall paper was peeling at the bottom corner. I had the urged to buy superglue and fix it but I figure, I"ll make a mess out of it if I touched it. The hallway carpets needed to be washed and cleaned. The elevator interiors cried to be repainted or replace. The check in clerks were not helpful or even make the effort to be. I was really disappointed in the service there. I had better service at MGM. However, the casino area manager, Bill, was really polite and courteous. Overall, if you needed a place to stay and not too shabby in Vegas, this is the place for you.
1	I don't know where to start with this place. I have stayed here before (many, many years ago) and didn't remember anything bad about this place, so I gave it another chance. With the price, decent location, and decent reviews my boyfriend and I chose to stay here for 3 nights. The only thing that I liked was the aroma of the lobby area. Other then that... I did NOT enjoy my stay here. The (first) room was decent but the walls must have been made out of paper. We could hear the next rooms conversations, toilet flush, and shower turn on and off. So we talked to the front desk, in which they moved us to another room. The second room was on a higher floor, had a better strip view, and looked more elegant but every time we would wash our face, brush our teeth or use the sink in general... IT WOULD LEAK UNDERNEATH. I could feel it splatter on the floor/my feet. We did not want to have to move again so we dealt with it. I don't know what was up with the sheets either. They must not use stain remover when they clean them, because there looked to be left over stains on them, which was disgusting. Again sounds were an issue. With the neighbors and even a loud banging coming from above us... which sounded like construction. The casino in this hotel is SUPER small. The thing that really threw me over the edge was when we decided to try to stay another night, we called the front desk and they were nothing but RUDE. They were not helpful at all. I would think that since we already were there 3 nights, and lost a ton of money in their casino they would try to work something out for us to stay. BUT NOPE. next time I will choose a better hotel to stay at, with more of a central location on the strip. In my opinion... don't stay at the Monte Carlo.
4	Went for a couple day trip to LV. Found a room here for a decent price and the reviews were good so I went for it. We only used it as a base to explore the city, and it worked well. Parking was easy to find and spots were plentiful. We never used valet, only self park. Check-in took about 5 minutes waiting in line, not a big deal. Got room keys and found the elevator to our floor. The room was nice, clean, and had no smoke smell. We had a view on the pool and parking garage. One thing noticeable is that there was no WIFI, only an ethernet cable to use. That was annoying. The only other complaint I have is the shower leaked all over the floor. No matter how you did the shower curtain, it still soaked the floor. Beds were comfy with a nice duvet. The hotel was also quiet. Walking through the casino, there are a few nice places to eat, as well as a food court that's open 24/7. The hotel is right across the street, and maybe a 10 minute walk from the Monorail station at MGM. One thing to be aware of is the outside pool and hot tub close in the winter. I was surprised it wasn't open and heated. Also, though it's not the hotels fault, AT&T seemed to be in a virtual dead zone around this hotel. Full bars and no connection. It wasn't isolated to one phone either.
4	Perfect location on the strip! Our room was nice, clean, didn't smell of smoke at all. In fact, our entire floor (31st) was smoke free. Check in seemed crowded, but the lines moved fast. Staff was very courteous. Called for feather pillows and they arrived within an hour. There is NO coffee maker in the room, but at least there's a food court with Starbucks, McDonalds, etc.  The music at the pools was rediculously loud, and the wave pool was emptied for the season. Kind of a party crowd scene at the pool area. There's a GREAT free tram that goes to City Center & Bellagio! Overall, good stay and would recommend this hotel because it was priced right and the location can't be beat.
3	This place is just another hotel in a casino. First the positives, the rooms are located near the lobby, so no walking through the casino everytime you leave or go back to the room. Also the pool is conveniently located near the lobby. It was a nice room. The restaurants are top notch. Now the bad, they messed up our room reservation, and wouldn't do anything to make it right. The wave pool wasn't working, the sun doesn't shine over all the pool area. They push their night club on everyone nonstop. I don't think I will stay here again, coming to Vegas I wanted a 5 star feel out of our stay here, we have stayed at many other mgm properties and this was a first time I couldn't give 4 stars or better.
1	I would not stay here again.We arrived at 3 (which is check-in) and were informed that our room was not ready.  Joy.  The check-in guy said it could be a couple hours and that someone would call us when our room was ready.  I asked for some comp drinks and was quickly denied.  When we stayed at the MGM last year, we had the same problem and the clerk offered us $50 credit without us even having to ask.  Great, been in a plane for 3 hours, no room, what's a guy to do?  Go check out "The Pub" with over 200 beers.  We arrived at the pub about 4 which was shift change apparently.  We sat by the pool (which closes at 5 during the off months, I guess us out of towners get screwed)  Some guy who worked there cam up to us and said that it was shift change and our server would be right with us....   10 minutes later....  same story from the same guy.  10 minutes more... another table is seated next to us.  10 more minutes the server shows up and promptly helps that table... Took 10 minutes of laughing and joking before we got service.  All this time, no water, nothing.   Service was slow and terrible.  The place was not even busy.  Did not go back and would not.  We sat there for 2 hours without a call from the front desk.  I called and they said the room was still not ready.  WTF?  We have rezzies at 7!  So, I go to the front desk and was greeted by a rude woman.  She tells me the room is now ready no apology or anything.  We finally get to the room to find nasty towels in the shower.  The bar staff at diablos are pretty snooty as well, you can only sit at a table if you are eating, drinks and apps have to sit in the bar.  Suffice it to say, I was not impressed.  There is too much competition in Vegas to be treated this way.  I will not be back to the Monte Carlo.
2	Hmmmm....not sure of what to thin of this place.....From the outside, it looks very elegant and classy....beautiful statues and fountain outside and very well kept grounds......Inside, the lobby is beautiful and impressive and you catch yourself thinking "WOW, my room must be really something" just by the look of things so far. Once inside your room you realize a few things: 1. This room is really no different than most places on the strip and 2. The linens, carpet and room in general is subpar for the amount that we are paying.I am not a picky gal....I don't care if my sheets are Egyptian cotton, I don't mind it too much if I only get 400 thread count sheets, and hell, I don't care if they toiletries are designer....My towels, comforter and sheers on the windows all had holes, carpet had a cigarette burn (Hmmmm....wasn't this a NON SMOKING ROOM?) and was stained...and I am paying HOW MUCH to stay here?? Are you sure there is not a Motel 6 sign out front and someone left the light on for us?? They also have a new policy.....they are going green and therefore, unless you request it (which I am sure if more $$ in their pocket) they will not change your sheets on a daily basis...well I am glad at least that you got rid of my towels!! Maybe I should pack some from home next time I come to Vegas!! All in all, its an okay place to stay BUT don't expect a hole bunch!!
5	So amazing. The place was beautiful and the staff was very friendly and helpful. My friend and I stayed for 3 nights for $369 total. The buffet was pretty good and so was the cafe. It is on a fun piece of the strip right across from a movie theater and within walking distance of so many of the iconic Vegas sights. I had an amazing stay here and next time I go to Vegas this is where I will be booking my room.
3	This place was o.k.  Went there on a business trip and got told that that even though I reserved a King Bed they were in fact "First Come First Serve" and if I wanted one I would have to stay in a smoking room.  That wasn't pleasant at all. I've stayed a few places on the strip and for whatever reason this place just didn't wow me much.  Not terrible, just not great.
4	Oh, Vegas. Why must you torture me so? Every time I swear I will never drunkenly stomp down the strip again, it seems as though, with a click of my heels, I'm magically home again.This past summer, I decided to venture out on a journey to an oasis in the middle of the desert, called "Vegas" to some, but known as "Sin City" to many. My roommate and I decided we should try something new for a change, since whenever I am in Vegas, I am seen stumbling around Excalibur, trying to find my room but having no recollection whatsoever wherever it is. I am geographically challenged. So, we decide to stay at Monte Carlo. It looks pleasant enough on the website, and a five hour journey later (give or take an hour), the interior looked impressive.While waiting in line impatiently, we were slightly spooked because the lady in front of us was rambling about how dirty her room was, and how she filed several complaints about it. She proceeded to fill us in on all the gory details, and I was slightly perturbed. Had we made a mistake? I was tired, and anxious to be in the comfort of my room. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, we were at the front of the line, checking in. I was slightly annoyed, because they were under staffed, and there was no distinct formation...it was all haphazard, to say the very least.But I was happy on one note. There was a bell hop, and he was happy to serve us. We were also in no mood to find parking, so we went through valet. They were nice guys, so score for that. Anyway, on to the room. When we got to our room, I was content. I immediately flopped on to the bed, and noticed how soft it was. It would do for later on, when I would more than likely be buzzed, and even a cold, hard bathtub would do for a sleeping arrangement. The bathroom was quaint, but the lighting did not flatter, but I was okay with that. There also was a floor length mirror right in front of my bed, and while it wasn't the most flattering...I felt like it added ten pounds...(or was it my endless drinking that caused that?)...it was convenient for when I wanted to straighten my hair.The first night, a friend joined us from Mandalay Bay, and we were determined to go out, but we were side tracked by a bar. Funnily enough, we never did go to the club we were originally thinking of going to, but spent our night away, getting intoxicated. The bartenders were a blast, and we did not feel sleepy until eight in the morning, when both of their shifts ended. I believe that place was called Ignite Lounge, and while my other friends went out, I was quite content staying within the safety of my casino for the night. It was a ritual throughout the trip, and amazingly enough, I met a couple of regulars that were staying at the Monte Carlo, as well. It transformed in to a kind of "Cheers" joint. I also met another fabulous bartender at Hit Lounge, and he entertained me for a couple of hours, talking about Las Vegas shenanigans, and actually told me to come on through later on if I wasn't going out, so we could throw back a couple of shots together. He was an older guy, but boy, he was so fun and relaxed! I suppose this is why I love casino bars. Since I'm from Arizona, and I frequent Scottsdale, I am accustomed to the snooty clientele that the nightlife attracts. I loved the chill factor here.And lastly, the food. Well, I went to the standard food court. We were supposed to all go to a buffet, but that plan was a bust. It definitely was an improvement to my eating fiasco at Excalibur. My whole diet consisted of a six inch sub from Subway, and that was my ambrosia for my duration of the trip.Would I come back and stay here? Abso-frockin'-lutely. I would stay here, JUST for the bartenders at Ignite lounge. Cool, cool dudes. We were even supposed to go to a strip club with them, but that will hopefully be another story for next time. Damn you, Vegas! PS: And may I add, I guess I had a pleasant stay because of the company I kept here. Remember, it's not the places you go to that counts...it's the people that can make or break an experience.
3	There are two advantages to the Monte Carlo:1) It has a tram which will connect you to nicer hotels2) Their food court has a Rubio's and a Starbucks.Other than that, it is at the same level as Excalibur, Luxor, and Harrah's. Hotwire classifies this hotel as a 4 star, which is NOT accurate. It is definitely a 3 star. Their gym and spa is decent, but it's not that nice. Also, another reviewer accurately described this hotel as smelling "like burning hand lotion." The newer casinos have better ventilation so they don't have to have that overpowering smell, but the Monte Carlo tries to cover it up with an extremely intense potpourri scent. If you get a good deal, stay here...it's close enough to many amenities center strip, but if the price difference between staying here and say, Paris is just a few dollars, I would go for the pricier option.
3	Picking a Vegas resort is a tricky business.  You want really nice (Bellagio/Wynn) but you don't want to REALLY pay for it.  So you surf around for deals and such.If you're new to Vegas, you might find the Monte Carlo awesome.   In isolation to itself.  I mean, compared to a Hampton Inn, it's absolutely big and beautiful, right?  But compared to other similar casinos on the strip, it's merely another boomerang from above shaped three tower hotel.  The Mirage has dolphins and greenery, and Treasure Island has some kind of pirate/slutty theme, but the Monte Carlo is just ---- the Monte Carlo.  It lacks that WOW factor.  It lacks a Cirque show like its sister MGM properties.  It used to have Lance Burton, who I thought was a highway billboard joke until I finally saw his great show and realized he one of the few reasons left to make the Monte Carlo a destination.  And Lance is gone now.My one night at the Monte Carlo was memorable enough to ensure I'd never return.  No nightmare, really, just two simple things that went really wrong:1.  The toilets are UNBELIEVABLY loud.  I don't care about that in my room so much, but early in the morning I heard every last toilet in the place flush.  Silly me, I wanted to sleep past 6 AM.  It was a God awful issue and something that never replicated in the Mirage and Caesars.  Little sleep = ruined vacation day.  Is it really worth saving $50 or so a night for that?2.  It took almost 40 minutes for the valet to retrieve our car.  And not just our car.  Everyone was standing around -- freezing to death -- waiting for their cars.  Why?And so, as always in Vegas, cheaper rates result in cheaper services.  When I walk through this hotel, I notice lots of cheap eats.  The good side is that you're not paying a fortune to eat.  The bad news is that it's McFood which you can eat anywhere... and so why come all the way to Vegas for a McRib?The Monte Carlo -- in a nutshell --  is an affordable McResort.
3	Used to be a BIG fan of this place but unfortunately I cannot say I would go out of my way to stay here anymore.City Center has really affected the standard for Las Vegas hotels.  I will also credit Wynn as well.  Both sides of the spectrum are represented.  City Center = Modern or hip and Wynn = Elegance and warmth.There is nothing wrong with this hotel per say.  It is simply just average.  The customer service has severely slipped here over the last couple of years.  I truly believe the only reason they keep their rooms full or semi full is based on their location.  they are almost dead center of the strip and have easy access to Aria.The rooms have received some upgrades and start out clean but we had an issue where we knew the housekeeper had not wiped off the toilet seat on our second night.  HUGE no no if you want a good review from me.  Two things a hotel has to do for me to earn a high rating.  Personal attention and clean rooms.  My two biggest rating categories for a hotel.  P.S. Horrible Wifi too.  It will work for a few minutes then shut off.  I have stayed here numerous times in the past and when I checked in, not even a welcome back Brian.  WOW, really Monte Carlo?
2	This casino is so boring.  There's worse in Vegas, but with the location Monte Carlo has, it should be better.  The only thing this is good for is the tram to Bellagio/CityCenter, if you find yourself starting on the south strip.  Their pub has so much potential, too, but just falls flat.
3	I have stayed at the Monte Carlo in the past and found it nice and conveniently located, which is why, when they were having a special, I booked a weekend there again. However, as we unpacked our bags, we found that the previous guest left several shirts in the drawers. This sullied the whole stay for me because it led me to question whether their housekeeping staff was really doing a good job. They moved us to a comparable room, but I wasn't really satisfied after that. In addition, the hotel pretty much shuts down after 10pm in contrast to other hotels that are bustling into the wee hours.  If I had to stay here again, I would because it wasn't awful, but I will always look for another option after this trip.One saving grace: free "tram" (really a monorail) to the Bellagio. This saved us a lot on transportation costs.
4	I received an e-mail for a special on MGM hotels, reserve a room for a minimum of 3 nights and receive two show tickets for free. The Cirque du Soleil Elvis show was on the list, my boyfriend is a huge Elvis fan, so it was a perfect birthday gift. As stated before, I like the Monte Carlo. I like that it's not a huge hotel that you have to trek across after a long day of walking. My boyfriend and I found the tram that runs to the Bellagio, really convenient since the Bellagio is in the "middle" of the strip. Yes, there are newer and fancier hotels on the strip. But if you are looking for a good hotel at a decent price, then this is the hotel for you.
4	This hotel looks super nice inside and out... I don't know about inside the rooms, but I will definitely be staying here next time to try it out.Anyway, I watched the Jabbawahkeez at the theater inside and it was very spacious and the seats were comfortable.Later on we went to a lounge they have inside the hotel called "Brand". It was a $20 entry fee and for ladies it was unlimited drinks. Inside the lounge, it was very small and the few available seats were for people that payed more I guess? The bartender was super fast and got to everyone pretty quick. Overall, it was a good experience... I don't know if i'll go inside "brand" next time but for sure I'm getting a room there :)
3	This is the first hotel i ever stayed in when I turned 21 and came to Vegas. It's in a pretty good location but other ten that there isn't much to draw you to this hotel. There are no good bars, restaurants here so it really is just a place to get ready.
4	I really liked this hotel. And for $50/night it was a great deal. I will definitely stay here again. The check in was fast & easy at about noon, I noticed later in the day the front desk gets super crowded & people probably wait a long time. The parking tower is really conveniently located near a bridge that leads right into the hotel lobby... Not blocks of walking & searching. From the front valet entrance, they must have some kind of air freshner pumped into the vents because it always smells so nice & fresh. There is a convenient food court right on the main floor just beside the casino with a 24hr McDonalds (makes good for any time easy eats), there are a variety of other chains in rife food court none of which are 24hr (Starbucks, Sbarro). The casino is ok. Pool was open (November) but the lazy river & what looked like a wave pool were drained & under construction. The only negative I can think of is the elevator system. The hotel rooms are separated into three sections, each with its own elevator: floors 1-12, 13-20, 20-35 (something like that). Our room was on the 11th floor & our friends were on the 18th floor. The only way to get to their room was to take our elevator down to the first floor & take their elevator up to the 18th floor because our elevator only went to the 12th floor. besides that, it's a great hotel.The room was clean & everything functioned well. Soaps & lotions were cheap-hotel grade, but I guess it's priced accordingly. The strip views from the room were nice. The walls are thin- neighbor next door had screaming baby at all hours of the night & day. If I would have forgotten my earplugs it would have been a problem but I had them so it was all good. Internet didn't work so well, kept dropping signal.
3	Our room was average, cleaned with comfy beds. The only thing was the walls were too thin where you can hear your neighbor's conversation and tv.
3	The Monte Carlo seems to be the step-child casino of the MGM Resorts. I have experienced the casino quite a few times and I have seen one of the rooms as well. So, I think I have a good idea of the casino and can truthfully review it in full capacity.As for the casino itself - a solid 3 stars. Is it grand? No. Is it a crap-hole? No. It's an all right casino floor and it comes with a skanky party pit where half naked girls dance post 5 PM. Directly off the casino floor is a food court - easy to find. The food court has a Rubio's, which is basically awesome (for me anyway) and the other typical fast-food places. There's also an area of shopping, and located in this area is The Pub, a place I have not tried, but have been tempted to. There are few restaurants. Honestly the only one I can say I have been in is the Italian place (can't recall the name). They put on a nice banquet at the event I caught the tail end of and the servers were polite and patient.The rooms? Better than some strip properties I've seen, but definitely not ranking too high up there. It's a moderately decent room, with the basic amenities. I have not seen their suites, so I cannot comment.The parking situation is all right. I have had no problem finding the garage, which is located behind the casino, but some might have some issues if they've never been to the Monte Carlo before. Best thing to do is to get a spot on the floor the has the walkway into the casino. This plops you right down into the hotel's front desk area.Overall the Monte Carlo is dancing a fine line between mediocrity and decent casino/hotel. Would I go out of my way to go here? No. But I wouldn't be against going here if I had a specific reason.
4	Really liked this place.  It had a nice layout of the casino floor, it was not smokey, and it had a very open feel to it.  Well kept up.  Stop by and say hi.
2	This got a CSAA 4 diamond... how the heck did that happen?Old hotel with a nice facade. But its not as nice as Ceasers,  Aria, and many others.Upgraded old holiday inn more like.Hard beds, stinky pillows, showers that will strip and tear like sandpaper.
3	OK!
4	I meannnnn 4 stars for Monte Carlo? If you've ever heard Karey R. and I talk about Vegas, as it is our home away from home, you're probably thinkin' I done lost it. Word. OK, here's the situation:My parents went away on a week's vacation- just kidding, but if you get that, 5 stars for you.So, somewhere around midnight my very sober trio stumbled into Bellagio. We started playing craps with the intent of drinking and gambling- one thing which clearly benefited us and one which statistically benefited the casino... but really, let's be honest, the more we drank the more the casino was gonna benefit, so you would think I would have been offered more than one beer over the course of an hour and fifteen minutes? This isn't a review about the Bellagio though... So we got the heck out of there and trammed it down the way and my still very sober trio stumbled into Monte Carlo where the minimum wasn't $5 like the gold digging Bellagio, it was $3, and within 5 minutes of sitting were asked if we wanted a drink.  MC was better ventilated, lower minimums, and over the course of an hour an a half I finished a six pack of new castle. That earns 4 stars in my book. With a good deal Karey R. and I may even consider staying here. Goes to show how important booze are when your name is Mary C.
3	I stayed here a few times in the past, and didn't have any real problems, but like Lily J said - the walls are THIN.  Maybe even the space between the door and the floor are to far apart too, because I distinctly remember always hearing people talking as they walked pass.Other than that; it's in a good location on the strip, with decent rooms, the staff were nice (from what I remember).  I've had a few meals at their cafe and pub - both places had pretty good food.  I recently had drinks in the bar downstairs of Andre's, which was nice - friendly bartender and delicious pours!
4	Pros: Loved the Spa Suite, it was spacious and very clean.  Super convenient location in the middle of the strip walking distance to everything.Cons: it had a funny smell which you eventually get used to, also my room had a great View of the Aria, but it would have been better if the Aria wasn't there.....didn't want to see a hotel that was nicer than the one I was staying at LOL.  I would come here again.
1	This was the worst hotel we have ever stayed at. In fact we only stayed about 15 mins. We walked in our room to the sound of crashing bottles and a horrific smell. Not to mention the floor was unclean and the desk was broken and two twin beds instead of a king suite. I opened the curtain to take a look at the stip, to our surprise we found out where the smell / noise was coming from. They put us over their trash and recycle center. Glass bottles were being dumped in by the barrels about every 30 seconds (at 10:30pm). Beings it was one of the slowest nights in Vegas and there was so reason that was the room booked to us beings they admitted to having plenty of rooms available! We then got a taxi and went down to the Wynn where we booked rooms there, came back to Monte Carlo and waited an hour for the hotel manager to become available to refund us our money. For $100 more a night you can stay at a hotel that is unbelievably amazing. If you decide to go here just make sure you don't get room 5-234
3	You get what you pay for, yet I wish you could get the basic needs. This place doesn't provide a mini fridge, tea kettle, coffee maker even less a microwave, so you are forced to spend all you pennies buying street food. Also the carpets are pretty old and stinky. Our faucet didn't work, we complained and the next day it was fixed.The plusses were: silent after midnight, so you can sleep pretty well :) and pretty close to everything as well. Wouldn't mind going back but would check other options first.
3	We came to the Monte Carlo hoping to get a deal on a room + the Jabbawockeez show. As it turned out, the rooms were cheap. We walked into the hotel the night we wanted to stay there and ended up with a Monaco Suite for about $70. This room was about 700 ft. and had one and a half bath. The room layout was a little odd so it felt as though the space wasn't being used the most effectively. The room came with a flat screen TV but was placed a good 15+ feet away from the bed so it looked really small. Our view was rather horrendous being mostly the roof of the casino and just a little bit of the strip. As far as other Yelper's comments about traveling sound, we didn't once hear a neighbor or someone walking in the halls (and we were right next to the elevator). The other reviews are accurate regarding the rooms being, ah, aromatic. The wired internet would not work at all but the wifi was solid. The room seemed clean enough. It was simply a one night stay and it isn't really like I plan to spend all that much time in my room anyway. There are much better things to do in Vegas.We didn't check out the spa. Which I rather wished we had since the fee it automatically added. We were actually looking to get the spa suite but they were all booked for the night.The Jabbawockeez show (MUS I C) was a lot of fun. We got a 15% discount since we stayed in the hotel. It wasn't a great deal but I appreciate any discount willingly given.The casino floor seemed to me to be on the small side. There were a decent amount of slot machines but not a ton of tables. We were hoping that maybe they had two sets of tables, but after walking from one end of the casino to the other, we realized we would have to make due with what we saw. All of the staff was friendly. The players card works for all MGM casinos so I was able to still use the one from when I stayed at the Mirage. I did win $500 at one of the Wheel of Fortune machines. Does this have anything to do with the Monte Carlo Casino itself? No. BUT I GOT TO WIN $500! That is bound to color any trip just a little bit better! =)
3	The first time I went to Vegas I stayed at The Plazzo so having to stay at the Monte Carlo is just plain depressing. I booked two rooms for a pretty cheap price and each room came with two beds, the average bathroom, safe, flat screen TV with about 30 channels and a small closet. There was no fridge, microwave or coffee machine, boo. I also hated the body wash and shampoo they had, it made my skin and hair super dry. Anyways, we stayed on the 7th floor not too close to the elevator and sound wasn't an issue. The location isn't bad at all as it's on the strip and the tram that connects from this hotel will take you to the Bellagio until 4 AM which is pretty helpful in the winter. Even though we stayed in the winter, I was charged the "resort fee" for each room for every day we stayed which ended up being an additional $150 at the end. This was pretty irritating as we didn't use any of the amenities. The casino downstairs is pretty small, the cocktail waitresses took forever on our drink orders and there are very few boutiques for shopping located in this hotel. I'm definitely spending more money to stay somewhere else nicer next time I'm in sin city.
1	I've never written a review on yelp, but this hotel made me go through all that trouble so I can tell you my experience.  So, I went through priceline and got this hotel for around $70 (tax included) and was thinking, sure, the location is great and it's a 4 star.  Please don't be fooled, it's worse that many of the branded motels I've stayed before.  We paid an extra $55 to get a bigger room with 2 bathrooms and a jacuzzi.  Then the front desk tells us we need to pay an additional $15 for their club usage and internet. (which we don't use or need) So total around $140/night. When we came up to the room, it was old looking and NO amenities what so ever!  Eg. Cups, kettle, coffee machine, water bottle, microwave no where to be found etc..etc.  So we are Asian and we're used to drinking hot tea or hot water in the morning.  So we asked housekeeping whether they can get us a kettle.  "sorry, we don't have kettles. I'll transfer you to room service".  okay...so I spoke with them and asked for some hot water and two cups.  They said "sure, but it'll be $4.50".  So you can see why we did not have a pleasant stay here.  Also, the bed sheets had holes in it!!! We moved to PH tower westgate the next day and wow...what a change.  4 star as well, mini suite with a jacuzzi, much newer room, nicely decorated, bigger windows and has all the amenities listed above, kitchenware and even a dishwasher.   The total price was $25 cheaper.  I'm just disappointed that a 4 star hotel can't even afford a kettle for each room.  And they had to cheat us with the $15 additional resort fee when we check in.   I don't think travelers like surprises.We've stayed in more expensive hotels before and at least there's a reason why they charge so much.  For this one, I must say, it's not worth it.
3	it was ok, just an ok place. but there is not hair drier in the room. and took a long time to check in.
2	First off let me tell you why they didn't get 4 stars. Booked two room connected with view of the strip. First room was connected but sadly no view of strip only of vents on lower part off roof. Room door was open and looked ransacked. Turns out small mistake had been made. Housekeeping had not cleaned the room yet. They apologize d and moved us from the 3rd floor to the 23rd floor but still no view of the strip. Hallways are kinda narrow but all in all. This is a great place to stay. Location, location M&M store, Coca-cola store, Lion exhibit MGM and Shark reef at Mandalay Bay. There's also a CVS near by. I'll be staying here again but will hope for better experience. But like I said great location to bad Circus Circus is on far end of strip..
3	I got a deal from Priceline but it's still expensive for what it's worth.  The guest room that we are in is really no different than what you might get at three star hotel.  The front desk and and receptionist aren't too friendly. The check-in process was disorganized. The room itself is older.  There is limited furniture and you can hear everyone in the hall.  The bed is comfortable though with clean sheets and a comforter that gets washed just as often. The first room we were assigned to the key cards didn't work and people were making all sorts of crazy noise at noon across from us.  They moved us to another floor with working key cards.  The elevator setup seems efficient to regulate flow of traffic and the rooms are spaced well from the elevator. The best perk about the room is the semi-large flat screen TV and the pretty bathroom tiles. The water pressure is very strong, too.  There is also a nice magnifying mirror, but in general the bathroom is small. Major cons are small room and bathroom size, dated look, marked up walls, old furniture, no ice bucket, no fridge, no water heater, limited sink space.There are a lot of on-site amenities... restaurants, food courts, and more. Also, this hotel is directly next to 24 hour CVS and Walgreens if you need anything. We are only here one night in December.  We didn't use the pools.  I remember being here about 9 years ago and I liked the pools. Looks like the decor hasn't changed since then.Also, the WiFi is spotty.  My iPad didn't pick up any connection but my MBP did.We leave tomorrow night. I may write when our stay is finished. As of now my opinion is that it's a decent hotel, but more of a 3-star quality and overpriced for what it's worth.
4	It was a pretty good hotel. The price was right. We got the cheapest room because, when in Vegas, we don't stay in the room too often :)BEST FEATURE: Right next to the CVS!!! Easy to access to the strip and shopping. It's absolute BEST FEATURE.POKER ROOM: About a quarter of the size of Bellagio. Not the biggest poker room. It was nice enough. Played a tourney there. It was okay but I like bigger rooms.There's a new "Street of Dreams" shopping area that leads to the monorail. That will take you to ARIA, Bellagio and other hotels. Pretty convenient. I saw security in the hallway making sure that a couple having a "discussion" was not actually having a disruptive "argument" - I'm grateful to that. I detest rowdiness unless I am the creator of it.Did not visit the pool as it was winter.I'm starting to go to Vegas a little more - now that I have $$ to spend. Most of the hotels are pretty much the same. Keep in mind that big conglomerates own these babies now - as evidenced by the M-Life card.
1	Booked a suite for 3 nights and was promised that there we would receive a set of buffet tickets for each night. TOTAL LIE!  Service was also horrible. We asked for extra blankets the first night and they were never delivered. We asked again for extra blankets the second night and housekeeping brought them by throwing the blankets at me!  Not going back ever again.
4	Stayed 2 nights for NYE. Good stay. Busy lobby. Parking wasn't too bad, I get nervous when I drive in new places but my bf always ends up finding amazing parking, which was true in this case (2nd floor right by the walkway). He really wanted to watch the jabawockeez perform but the tickets are insanely fast to be sold out. There's a Subway, Mcdonald's and Starbucks downstairs, great for after a long night :-) The cafe downstairs wasn't horrible and it was decently priced for a late night meal (I was craving a quesidilla & bf had chicken and waffles), we skipped the buffet and went to the cosmopolitan's wicked spoon for a bfast buffet. Our room had a handicap shower and a view of the out of season pool and the monorail. I called the operator for a razor and they sent it up pretty quickly, definitely wasn't expecting it so quick. It was a better alternative than going to the CVS and waiting an hour in that humongous line. I really wish they had one of those huge bottles of water in the room, I was so dehydrated that I wouldn't have minded spending an extra $5 on a bottle of water. I know better than to use the hotel's soaps and stuff, so I brought my own. No microwave or fridge, no coffee maker either. Bummer but that's what free alcohol while gambling is for, right? Lots of extra hangers, hairdryer in the closet. I would come back. But I would definitely try somewhere new too. Good place to spend the night but not to hang out. Free CABLE internet, useless when it comes to ipads.
5	This is one of my favorite places to stay at when I'm in Vegas. It's always a great visit.
3	I got a really great deal on this hotel considering I was visiting Las Vegas during Thanksgiving week.  So once my husband and I had checked in, we dropped our bags off to our room and were on our way.  The best thing about this hotel is its proximity to everything.  It's in a great location, you can take a tram to the Bellagio and walk the other part of the strip, and the rooms don't take a thousand years to walk to after a long day.  We didn't return until late that evening.  After a day of travel and shopping, all I was looking forward to was a nice hot shower and getting  a good night's sleep.  However, I started noticing little things that began to bother me.  First, the shower drain was clogged and the carpet looked as if it hadn't been vacuumed thoroughly.  Then, the drinking glass was dirty.  Now, I was willing to overlook the glass, and I figured I'd let housekeeping know in the morning about the shower, but then when I sat on the bed, I started to form a rash on my wrists.  Finally, when I pulled the covers back from the bed, I noticed strands of hair on the bed. My husband called the front desk and they immediately switched our rooms.  The next room was on a higher floor and A LOT cleaner than the previous room.  The biggest hassel was moving all our luggage and shopping bags at 1 am.  I guess sometimes it's hit or miss.
3	Stayed here during New Years.  Besides the price, our experience was positive overall.  Check in was pretty quick - we got there before the rush (about 10:30 AM).  Valet was pretty efficient.  Bell service was fine.  The place was clean.  Awesome spot on the strip to watch fireworks at midnight during New Years.  I also liked the fact that there were fast food restaurants inside the casino - I like having this option after a hard night of partying.
3	It's alright I guess.No microwave or mini fridge in the room but there is HDTV.Showers are much better here than my last stay at MGM Grand.The casino level wasn't large compared to other hotels.Free internet access.A/C wasn't working very well.Cheaper prices than most hotels on the strip.You get what you pay for.So three stars will do.
3	An older mgm property that has been recently renovated. Is at a good location located next to city center. Reasonably priced rooms for deluxe acommodations and fair restaraunts.
3	Decent value, older style room with no extras.  Bed and bathroom were good.  The pool was nice (two of them one was a wave pool)  I like the river channel concept. Would stay again if the hotel was part of a package.
1	Get me Out of here!  This stay has been awful.  We upgraded to a Monaco suite upon checking in hoping that we wouldn't end up with a non-renovated room like some of the rooms here.  My Fiancee just got off a 13 hour shift, and all she wanted to do was get some sleep after eating dinner.  I got back to our room at about midnight and as I'm writing this, it's 5:30AM and I still havent gotten any sleep.  There is a hole in our mattress, the bed springs squeek, I can hear the guy next door farting, and we've been getting the runaround from both the front desk and AMEX, who we booked our reservation through.  I even tried to sleep on the couch, which is definitely more comfortable than the king bed with the hole, but for $300 a night.....I SHOULDN'T BE SLEEPING ON A COUCH.  The only thing they've offered us so far is the Handicap Access suite, or a new room after 11AM after being put on a waiting list.  I'm hoping to call MGM Resorts at 8AM and hopefully they can amend this, then maybe my rating will go up.
3	You know, this place ain't bad. I like its semi-central location on the strip. I like that there's a tram to the Bellagio. The rooms are OK; there's no fridge and I couldn't connect to the wi-fi for the life of me, but in Vegas, I'm just wandering about anyway.  Plus, we stayed 2 nights here over the weekend for only about 180 bucks! As long as there's a clean bed, I'm good to go. Plus, the service here was ridiculously nice - every time we asked for something (which was a lot for a group of girls),  we got it promptly and with a smile. Major plus - the FOOD COURT. It had Sbarro's, McD's, Starbucks, Rubio's, and some others.  Some of the cheapest stuff on the strip. Open 24 hours which is PERFECTION after a night at the club.
2	Nothing special about this hotel. The rooms are standard. This is 2-stars as compared to other strip hotels. It's most certainly better than normal hotels in all respects.Gentlemen, there is no security at the elevator shafts.
1	Horrible, just horrible.  Room not very clean, bathroom had mold, no hot water for shower at 5 am, $30 noodle bowls at the asian restaurant.  All the restaurants were waaaaay overpriced.  Will not be returning EVER
4	We had our 'Cousins Weekend' together and booked 8 rooms at the Monte Carlo. We had a great room rate of $85. with complimentary buffet coupons.When we checked, Melissa at the front desk was extremely helpful and has fabulous customer service skills.  She deserves 5 stars.  She made sure we were on the same floor/wing of the hotel.   Our rooms were located at the back of the hotel so the rooms were extremely quiet.Overall, the rooms are clean, beds were comfortable and location was fabulous.  An easy walk to the Aria, Cosmo and Bellagio. Four Stars based on value, quality of service and location.
2	Like the location of Monte Carlo, don't really care for the hotel rooms.  The foyer where you wait for check-in is quite nice looking.  It makes you feel like you're staying at a really nice place.  That's about the only nice part of the hotel that I can remember...Rooms = Our room was at the end of the hall, right next to the fire alarm exit door.  Standard 2 queen room that had a leaky tub faucet.  I thought the room was bland (nothing special about it at all), the window had a hand print, and I swear to you I want to say I saw blood on the walls.  I already felt dirty.  I don't like outdated, non-decorated rooms... I felt like I was staying at one of those INNs or Motels.I will say that if you're drunk, hungry, and like Mc Donalds... you're in luck.  There's a food court downstairs.  I don't remember what time they are open till, but I do remember being there at one point.  The hallways are kind of creepy, but that may have just been me.  There was this one time I was leading everyone back to the room... I slid in my room card, but the light kept flashing red.  I knew that we were the very last room next to the fire exit door, but when I looked at the room number it was different - like the numbers had moved around.  I seriously felt like I was in an episode of the Twilight Zone and started freaking out, hahaha... (mind you... yes, I was not sober - just imagine how you would feel).  That's when my friends realized we had just walked down the wrong hallway - each hallway looked exactly the same.Yes, the rates are cheaper than other hotels on the strip, but my experience here wasn't up to my standards.  I would possibly give Monte Carlo another try if I was on a super tight budget, other than that... the room they gave me was no bueno.
2	I wish they had a fridge in the standard room. And I'm lazy to walk the strip and through their long casino before getting to the hotel part. Other than that, everything was just like any standard Vegas hotel room.
3	Stayed here on a Sunday night and got a really good rate.The location of this hotel can't be beat. Just south of City Center and north of New York New York. There is also a free tram to and from the Belagio, which was nice. If they ever connect the Excalibur tram to this one and throw in a stop at New York New York, you could really get around the west side of the strip without having to worry about being run over by a taxi driver!Quality of the room was better than average. Typical hotel level. There are much nicer rooms out there for sure, but you'd have to pay a few dollars more for them.Casino was large and the other players were very friendly. Cocktail service was slow.Pools were closed when I was there so I couldn't rate them, but I could see from my hotel room that there was a small wave pool and an even smaller lazy river.Didn't eat anything here so cannot comment on food options, but they seemed to be fairly typical. Nothing called to me at all.
4	A bit older hotel, but the staff and casino dealers and pit bosses could not be nicer.  They experience makes losing at least a good time. : )They need wifi in the rooms.
3	I wasn't expecting much out of this hotel, I am not sure why. I guess it just flew below the radar for me as far as hotel options go. But we found a great deal, and decided to go for a friend's birthday weekend.The hotel staff was ultra friendly. The hotel is clean, the hallways are a bit old (carpet) and not so clean but they weren't too bad.The little club/lounge called Brand, downstairs actually played good music, and the food at the buffet, not too shabby.They have some fun slots here, like the Crazy Olives and the Lord of the Rings game.Overall, I like the hotel and was pleasantly surprised:)
1	Not clean!!! I would never stay there again or recommend this place.The only thing nice I can say is that the staff was friendly and thank God at least our beds were clean.  BUT once we were on our floor--disgusting!  The hallway carpets were really dirty (even the walls were!), and once inside our room we found a total of three towels, HAIR in the shower and the glasses in the bathroom were so dirty they had a coat of dust inside them.  Even worse, there was trash in the hallway, trash in one of the elevators and someone on our floor had ordered room service and no one ever picked up the tray or the dishes!  We checked out this morning and there was the SAME tray with day-old food at the end of the hall-- it had been there all night!  That is so disgusting and really quite unbelievable, especially in Vegas in what is supposed to be a fairly nice hotel.  Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else!  It's not that much cheaper than anyplace else, I'd rather have spent more for a nice, clean room!
3	Monte Carlo is the definition of average. They do some things well, but overall nothing memorable. Sometimes on Yelp a 3 is a 3.5 or 2.5 but this is a solid 3.00, but that's not always a bad thing!They have a normal food court! People love to go to Vegas party it up, live like rock stars splurge on bottles, clubs, dinners. But at some point cheap and easy is needed. They have a food court with Mcdonald's and Subway and some other fast food. At 5 in the morning, when I'm getting back from a casino or club I really don't want to go to a SUPER over priced cafe which will charge me $15 for nachos or an omelette just because choices are limited. Good Job Monte Carlo! When I stay at Aria I definitely walk 1 hotel over to Monte Carlo for a quick bite.Casino, basic pretty standard, they have enough tables and machines for their customer base. reasonable minimums for their price range too. Rooms are standard, nothing fancy or memorable.They send a good amount of comps too. I've had some weekends where other hotels in its class were full or expensive, and they sent me free comps for that weekend. From several stays there, I can recall 1 incident where the front desk took about 25 minutes to check me in, when there was no one else in front of me... they just had no one at the desk. That wasn't too fun.I haven't seen the Jabbawockeez show so I can't speak on that, but I'm sure it's fall of nice choreography.If you want to spend a lot of your trip at Aria or Cosmo but don't want to pay the price to stay there, Monte Carlo is a great option to stay at and save some money on cab fare.
3	Here's the deal with the Monte Carlo, they are a nice hotel for what you pay. If you want to pay more, you will get more, that is how Vegas works with everything. If you want to pay on average $150 per night, get a prime location towards the center of the strip and not be staying in a crap-hole, then this is the hotel for you.Don't be the person that pays $150 a night in Vegas and then puts outrageous expectations on it. That is just unfair.Everything here is nice. You've got a good food-court with normal/familiar places, ie..Starbucks, Subway & McDonalds.You've got normal hotel rooms, although I do think the beds could be softer.And you've got a normal casino that is a bit smoky and a bit underlit.The location is really great, and who doesn't love a wave pool and lazy river at their doorstep (although it was a little too chilly on our visit).We'll probably stay here next time we go, again, the location is the key to this hotel.
5	Great hotel. Great service. Great price. I was in town for a 4-day conference and the Monte Carlo was suburb! Everyone is very friendly and helpful. The price was fantastic. The room was very clean and comfortable. They could use an upgrade on their linens and towels. My only complaint is that they charge $5 for a pot of hot water (no coffee/tea maker in the room). Overall, it was a great place to stay.
3	just got back from Vegas this morning and just had to post my review. got there Monday morning, 15 minutes BEFORE check in (3pm) and they told us our room wasn't ready. when i asked when it would be, he said it'd be anywhere from now (2:45pm) til 5pm & they said they'd call me when our room was ready. Uh wtf? whats the point of having a check in & check out time then? so whatever, we waited around and by 4:45 no one called me yet so i called them. they said "oh yeah your room is ready & waiting for you." uhhh okay? so we went to our rooms, we stayed at the Spa Suite & no doubt, it was beautiful. once we were unpacked & settled, a private number called my cell & told me our room was ready. (really? a little too late there buddy)so all in all, just because of that, i do  give this place 3 stars. Last time I went, we stayed at MGM & their shit was on point. & we didn't even stay at a suite or anything.
3	Despite not having much luck gambling at the casino, I would gladly stay here again.  It is a nice value pick with a great location on the Strip.  Not as trashy as Excalibur or Circus Circus, but not nearly as flashy as the Cosmopolitan, Aria, or the Bellagio.  For value for the money, the hotel at Monte Carlo is a good pick.  Easily accessible by tram to Aria and Bellagio, but a slightly more convoluted route to the Cosmopolitan.  Only restaurant I ate at there was Diablo which was good but priced for the Las Vegas Strip.  The bartender by the sports book, Scott, was one of the friendliest and promptest I've had anywhere in Vegas.
3	Not sure why this is a 4 star... But got 3 nights for 250 so I was pretty happy for what I got for the money we spent. The shower was small and water didn't come out hard enough to wash my hair..... Kinda annoying. Other than that it was okay. Just like a days in. I am happy tho.
3	Review for casino only:I have always enjoyed the Monte Carlo although it seems like it could use an interior facelift.  I like the newer garage, but the walk from there to the casino is a long one.Cocktail service was excellent last night.  She was around probably 5 times in 45 minutes and she asked each time she came back.
4	We stayed here recently and got the Spa Suite. Monte Carlo is definitely a little smaller than some of the massive hotels like MGM and Caesar's, but that's a positive factor for me. You can walk in the door and there's a sign that points you where you need to go and it's not a giant tease!The check-in line was huge and took absolutely forever to get in, but they let us check in a few hours early, so I can't complain about it too much.The carpet everywhere seemed a little dated and in our room honestly looked like it needed to be replaced. The window was also really thin and didn't quite fit in the frame just right (it opens a couple inches and it took the both of us to lift it at just the right angle to get it fully closed). It also could use a little re-caulking.But other than that the room was great. Bed was comfy and the jacuzzi tub filled up super quick. Water pressure was great and we never ran out of hot water, which is amazing.We'd definitely stay again!
2	Average, not a place to go out of your way to get to.  Work related stay, otherwise would not stay here.
4	I actually think MC is a solid 3.5 Stars, but am rolling up since my gripes are minimal and I would go back if I got the same room.  So, on with it....My hubby and I come to Vegas 1-2 times a year and tend to move around, never the same hotel twice. We got a great deal on the Monte Carlo Spa Suite so figured why not? Sure the MC is bit old, but its location next to the City Center is awesome! We arrived a few hours before check-in, but they let us check in at noon. Score! We took a short walk to the elevators and headed up to the 31st floor. The spa suite didn't disappoint! Sure it has a bit of an older style (brass fixtures, carpet and sofa have seen better days), but the view from the jacuzzi is out of this world (strip/mountain view)! It also had a king size bed, sitting area, bar area and decent size bathroom (although no double sinks). And it came with robes and slippers. The room was very clean and the maid service was prompt. When I had to call down for a hair dryer (none in the room), they got it up to me in 10m! Room service was prompt and good also. And all in all it was a good stay. My only complaints are 1) they really need new windows, we could hear the screams from the NYNY roller coaster riders some nights - with the windows and curtains shut! 2) Their resort fee of $20/day is a joke. It gives you bottled water (which we only got 1 day of 3), free phone calls (!? um, who doesn't have a cell) and a paper every day. Oh and WIRED internet access. Here is one place MC needs to get current - wifi please! Other than that, we really like the location and the hotel itself. It was nice to be close to all the newer spots on the strip without paying the big bucks. This place is small, but that is nice sometimes - less walking!Room Tip: The spa suite (31-101) has views of the mountains on on side and NYNY, Excalibur and Mandalay on the other - beautiful!
3	Stayed on the 30th floor in room 233. Don't stay that high if you are scared of heights! The room was a good size with 2 queen size beds. A small table in the corner, table between the beds, flat screen Samsung TV, closet with ironing board-iron-hangers, two chairs, and a larger dresser. The room has a Keurig machine but the coffee is gross.You can hear the people in the rooms next to you.Maid service daily and everyone seemed very friendly. The casino offers a range of things and there are several restuarants you can choose from. There is also a food court with fast food items for sale, plus the hotel gift shop. -Breakfast Buffet/ Wide range of options. I had scrambled eggs, potato pancake, bacon, powdered sugar pastry, cheesecake, choc. cake, (((Dining credit for the price of 2 people when I booked on VEGAS.COM))) $$-Cafe/ Good if you just want to eat and not think about where to go. I got a Chicken sandwhich and french fries. The waitress said the potato chips were not good/tasty. $-Room Service/ The woman brought in our order and explained everything she brought-complimentary water without asking a +!  (Philly Cheesesteak-not very good/ & kind of bland. The french fries were cold and somewhat soggy) Wish I had ordered something else. $$$-Dragon Noodle Company/ Sits facing casino floor and I asked for a table so my BF could watch the female dancer (I'm such a good GF). We ordered the lettuce wraps - similar to the ones at P.F. Changs & scallop noodles. I liked both. The best part-Asahi beer on tap! $$-Rubio's @ Food Court- Ordered a Chicken burrito and it was pretty big. Free chips if you ask. The burrito wasn't the best but it hit the spot and tasted okay. $The show featured here is Jawbowakees, guys in white masks dancing, so you may see them walking around outside-I did!The concierge desk was helpful and gave more than enough information everytime I interacted with them-great job! I ended up buying tickets to KA @ MGM Grand---see my review for that later.I also utilized bell services & valet and things were always done quickly and with very good service. My check-out went smoothly and we waited about 10 minutes in line.I would definately stay here again.
2	I really wanted to love this hotel but it wasn't so great. It is a four diamond resort and I can see why. Remains of a once luxurious hotel still remain but the rooms could use a little renovation. But here are some pros and cons to staying here;Pros:1. Friendly front desk staff who is willing to answer all your questions.2. Taxi stand moved pretty quick.3. Convenient tram connecting Monte Carlo to Crystals/Aria and Bellagio.4. Close to city center.5. Next door to a CVS (incase you forgot something or need meds).6. Nice rooms with updated flat screen tvs and Keurig coffee maker with complimentary coffee and water. 7. Cleaning staff does a great job cleaning your room and bathroom.Cons:1. Cafe service sucks, don't even go there. We went and after waiting over 10 minutes for our waiter to even come say hello we decided to get up and leave. The place was not even busy yet our waiter kept telling us "I'll be right with you" and never came. We ended up going to Denny's across the street which was packed yet we were seated in 10 minutes and were immediately helped by our awesome waitress. 2. No Internet service on my iPhone through my cell phone provider. Monte Carlo has wi-fi which the shamelessly charge 14.99 for 24 hour period.3. Bathrooms need renovation. Gold fixtures are discolored and rusted. Sink drain smelled like sewage and when you turned off the facet the water going down the drain made too much noise. Sounded like a pluming problem. The shower head was horrible with no good water pressure. It seemed to low so tall people beware. After turning off shower, water still came out of the tub faucet.4. Walls are paper thin!!! I could clearly hear conversations next door. I was awoken at 5 am but the noisy neighbors next door. There is also a gap underneath the door where noise easily came in. I could also hear conversations going on in the hall. In the bathroom you could also hear people in the bathroom next door. So in other words, noise comes in from all sides of your room.5. No blow dryers which was ok for me but could be a problem for others.
3	So I came here on a deal through some random website I can't remember. The price was outstanding so I figured, why not? Interestingly enough when we checked in we got charged a "resort" fee. Really?! Funny, because there is nothing "resorty" about this place when the pool and outdoor area is closed down for construction. That just sat with me wrong but I have no idea if other hotels on the strip also charge this fee...but I'm guessing it's a new trend.Hotel is in a great location right in the middle of the strip across from NY NY. It's an older hotel/casino and it shows...but really who cares when you're in Vegas and can walk to pretty much anything or hop in a cab.
3	This place is getting a little old, but it's still a pretty decent hotel. I love that it's conveniently located on the strip. You can get to pretty much every hotel with out much effort and it's super easy to park here. I also appreciate that the lobby is non smoking and that I don't have to walk through the smoky casino in order to get to the lobby or my room.
3	good location, likely good rates (location-wise), and convinient tram to the Aria/CityCenter and Bellagio...wouldn't necessary stay there again, but i wouldn't not stay there again either. pretty standard!
3	Just stayed here for my first visit ever to Vegas with 2 of my other friends. All girls. I have travelled all over the world and everyone always has things that bug them. Monte Carlo is very plain nothing spectacular. If this was in the middle of anywhere you would think this place is amazing but for vegas and from what I have seen in other vegas hotels just from wandering around... plain is the word. The look from the outside at night is beautful and it is also very pretty during the day. The sculptures and detail outside are nice. The staff is friendly and quite helpful. The rooms were you know decent, bed were comfortable we never watched tv cuz we were either drunk or out. There is no wireless for free, the shower wasnt so great hot water was scarce. I noticed other ppl had fridges we didnt.  One thing that did bug me was a "resort" fee we had to pay per person upon check out... I didnt get that .. we paid to stay there why did i have to pay a resort fee.... big fail on that!We ate at Diablos and had the margaritas. Upon reading the reviews we really didnt have any complaints like many others did. The staff was friendly we were seated right away and prices were reasonable. The food was decent and margaritas were great 12 bucks a pitcher. Left there drunk lol. NOW we recieved complimentary buffett .. since there were 3 of us 2 of us were free and it was 12 bucks extra per person for unlimited champagne which we took advatnage of. I think it is completely worth it. The food isnt amazing but it is decent its a nice way to fill up on food and booze for cheap ...In reality the location of Monte Carlo is awesome .. would I stay here again? Probably not because I have now seen what other hotels look like and offer from wandering around Vegas. Would I reccomend it ? sure if the price is right and you cant stay anywhere else in the middle of the strip for that price.
3	The Monte Carlo is one of the older "classic" hotels on the North Strip and it could definitely use an upgrade.  The lobby is definitely missing the wow factor that you get when you step into some of the other hotels. The rooms are decent enough but pale in comparison to the newer hotels on the Strip.  The size of the bathroom was adequate and the bed was really comfy.  We also received two complimentary buffet passes when we checked in and they could be used at a couple different buffets.The staff was friendly but the check in desk needs some sort of organization - it literally is a free for all the way that it's set up now.The best thing about the Monte Carlo is the tram that connects it to City Center and the Bellagio, and it's F-R-E-E.Rooms can be on the inexpensive side, wait for a deal.
3	All in all, not a bad place to stay.  My BF and I got a great weekend vacation package deal through Travelocity for the Monte Carlo, and we don't really have any complaints, except....There is no Wi-Fi in this hotel.  You can get free WIRED internet in your room, but we had an iPad with us, so that didn't matter.  The receptionist at the desk told us that there should have been a cable in our room for us to use, but we didn't see one.  Again, however, that didn't matter because we had a tablet.Also, you pay a $20 resort fee per day when you stay here which is supposed to include the newspaper, and use of the fitness and business centers.  Since we did not have internet in our room, we used the computer in the business center to print out a coupon for dinner that we wanted to use.  To our surprise, we had to pay $1 PER MINUTE for usage of the internet, and an additional $1.50 per page that we printed.  So, usage of the business center is NOT actually included in the resort fee.  To their credit, when we brought this to the attention of the receptionist at check-out, she did offer to take $10 off towards the resort fee total for the inconvenience (and misleading information).Other than that, I can't complain about our stay.  The place was clean and is conveniently located on the Strip.  It's not "fancy-schmancy" like some of the other resorts, but hey...if all you need is a clean place to crash at the end of the night, it's a fine hotel.
3	All the reviews on this hotel are spot on and I will say that I, too had water pressure issues.  The shower was awful.Also, during my stay there were issues with the mechanics of the door lock; it just wouldn't open when I slid the key in.  I had to try to unlock it about 10x to even get a green flashing "SUCCESS, Open says me!" sign.  I know it wasn't just the effects of too much alcohol one night as even the maid had issues and the three other women who stayed in the room with me did as well. I didn't leave the MC thinking I'd like to return.  It just seemed like a regular place to stay with serious water issues they need to address.  Also, I felt as if the Monte Carlo wants to give off the impression they are a cool place to stay while in Vegas.  They aren't.
3	I stayed at Monte Carlo in 2008 and my experience was OUTSTANDING. So, I decided to stay here again in August of 2011 and it was not nearly as good. In 2008, we were able to bring water to the pool area and you know it gets to be over 100 degrees every day in the summer. We were also able to bring our own flotation devices for the lazy river. HOWEVER, in 2011, they do not allow hotel patrons to bring in their own drinks OR flotation devices. I wish I would have known that in advance, because I went out of my way to get really awesome floaties for myself and the group, but we were not able to use them. Not to mention the pool area service was much slower in 2011 and the prices for the cabana's have skyrocketed, even though I am a Pearl M Life Member. So, going from bringing your own water, flotation devices and affording a cabana to NONE of that, really is not cool. The hotel accommodations are the same with the exception of the maid carts sticking around much longer throughout the day than 3 years ago. I returned to Vegas shortly after that and stayed at Mandalay Bay and the pool area WILL allow you to bring your own flotation devices and water to the pool. If you are looking to spend a lot of time by the pool, I recommend staying somewhere other than Monte Carlo.
5	Stayed here a couple days and wasnt bad for some walls and a bed. The steak house is really good, cant go wrong with that. Enjoyed there cigar lounge which is a very nice and relaxing place. The resort fee is pretty muh a joke.
5	Perfectly located on the strip.
4	Unlike previous reviews, we stayed here 2 weeks ago for 2 days/3 nights, in the suite, and it was really clean, neat and comfortable. The only reason why I am not giving it 5 stars is because the walls are paper thin! We could hear our next door neighbors sneeze! Then we got a gaggle of drunk girls, who loved screaming, jiggling our door handle (this hotel is old enough to still have room-connecting doors) and playing an array of rap-country-rock music at 8 am. Also, we had a couch in the room that was awkwardly placed at a weird angle by the bed, making surrounding bed space uneven and hard to maneuver around. Also, I used the jets in the tub, and by next morning, there was black residue on the tub.Other than that, the cleaning staff was very friendly, the decor was new and modern, the lobby was lovely, and valet was somewhat fast. Its location is NOT the getto, but smack in the middle of the strip, so everything is close and accessible. It is waaaay better than the Luxor and in a better location than the Wynn. I'd recommend it.
3	This hotel gets three stars for two simple reasons - price and location.I stayed in this hotel for a business meeting. I know we got a good price on the rooms. The rooms themselves were standard for a mediocre hotel -- basic bed, average bathroom, coffee machine, etc.  The one nice thing was a view of the mountains to the west.  Otherwise, there was nothing good or special about the room. This may be fine for a discount price, but not for Vegas.  However, the location for the price was great, mainly because it is next to Aria. The hotel is connected to Aria by a walkway.  There is also a tram that goes from the hotel to Aria and the Bellagio.  It is about a five minute walk to Aria and ten minutes to city center shops.  Short by Vegas standards.  Needless to say Aria is great - beautiful casino, great restaurants, overall excellent vibe.Not so for the Monte Carlo. Going from Monte Carlo to Aria is like going from the Vegas bus station to the real Monte Carlo.  The Sports book is the best example.  In Monte Carlo it is old style, with a bunch of 30 - 40 inch TVs and a couple of non-HD big screens.  In Aria, the sports book has a HUGE wall of TV's (probably 20 ft high), all in HD.  Similarly, the Monte Carlo Casino is downscale and feels small and the restaurants are mediocre.  At night, the sports bar suddenly stops being a sports bar and instead features dueling pianos (yes a "sports bar" with dueling pianos).  Even the staff felt this was a terrible idea.  Unless you enjoy the downscale feel, there is simply no reason to stay on the property.That said, if you get a really cheap hotel price, and it lets you play or eat more at Aria, it may be worth sleeping in the room.
3	The location is the only reason I'd go back to this hotel.The walls were so paper thin, and in a city like Vegas, there is of course people screaming drunkenly outside the rooms at all hours. I requested a non smoking room, but the room next me was apparently not non smoking, because I could smell their smoke every time they lit up. As well as hear their coughing all night long.
2	Stayed here with 3 rooms for a bachelor party.  Beds are very comfortable and soft.  For the 4 hours of sleep per night it felt amazing.  Rooms are ok, standard cheesy Vegas hotel room.  Water pressure was great in bathroom.  They put us all on the same floor, which was nice.Great location on the strip, but check in and check out process were very slow.  you'd think for a hotel with thousands of rooms the front desk would be able to handle the capacity a little better.  Also, the Monte Carlo Cafe in the casino is one of the worst restaurants I have eaten at.Overall, not my favorite hotel on the Strip.  If you need a average priced room on the Strip in short notice, then it is definitely a great option.  If you are planning ahead a couple of months, you can get a better hotel at or about the same price.
3	Average rooms good price and great location on the strip. Resort fees is a minus but in all good stay!
1	Bad servicePubic hair and make up on "clean" towelDirty room3 out of 3 restaurants on propertyDelivered sub-standard food quality and service.Insect in bed (see photo)Will never return.Enough said.
4	Rooms were decent, typical Vegas hotel room.  Service was great, hospitality was on point.  we were total taken care of.  There is a nice Lounge, downstairs that the ladies can drink all night for $20.  I like that.  Had a great stay, will stay again.
3	It's really hard to judge this place.  For one, this hotel is generally rated as a four-star resort, which clearly raises expectations to a point that the Monte Carlo is never quite able to meet.  It'd be overly harsh to say that I hated my stay here (because I didn't), but there were many many things that could have been handled better.Upon checking in, the credit card used to pay for the room was immediately hit with a mystery $543 charge (the room for three nights was supposed to be only $370, and the first night had already been paid).  After calling around for awhile, we were told that the hotel takes a $150 refundable deposit and a $20/day resort fee, neither of which were disclosed to any of us.  The $20/day resort fee was not too much of a surprise, but we left confused as to what the charge was actually for, since other hotels have used this fee to "pay" for Wi-Fi access, HD service, etc., and Monte Carlo provided none of this (not to mention piss poor cell phone service).  All in all, the stay set us back about $500, which was quite a bit more than the agreed price of $370.We got the cheaper room, so we weren't facing The Strip, but instead, got a view of the pool.  This was not a bad thing considering that we came during their Spring Break festivities.  Speaking of the pool, it was one of the bigger pool areas I've seen, complete with lazy river, wave pool, hot tub, and sand volleyball court (this was by far the best part).  Facilities were surprisingly good, but they were somewhat tainted by the presence of Jersey Shore wannabes.Casino was pretty standard among those on The Strip, but equipped with a number of bar dancers towards the entrance, which was a nice touch.  Sports book was small, but then again, this wasn't a huge surprise, since no one goes to the Monte Carlo to place bets.It wasn't the worst hotel I've ever stayed at, but I can say that I don't foresee coming back to this hotel with so many other legitimate 4-star resorts on the Strip at comparable prices.
4	Nice Casino for the money.  Clean rooms, upgraded to Strip view no charge, lots of fun.  Not a fan of the $20 per night "Resort Fee" Thought that was included in my $130/night hotel fee =).  But I can't complain about 130 per night on the strip.Overall very nice place.  Would return many times.
4	Stayed here during spring break last year. This resort & casino has a renaissance theme from the front entrance to each of its rooms. Not a lot of people rave about it, but it's actually pretty nice. Went to see the Jabbawockees perform at their own theater inside the Monte Carlo, which was nice because we didn't have to travel outside of our hotel.
3	Excellent conference hotel. Sized right and easy to get around if you need to make a quick trip to your room to retrieve something. $40 breakfast for 2 on the coffee shop is excessive. The resort fee of $20/day is ridiculous. Third stay in this hotel.
3	There are a lot of options in Vegas, so I'm still going to explore and see what else is out there, but my experience at the Monte Carlo was fine.  There was nothing fancy about the room, but they manage to do ever tying really well.  Room service was right at my elbow when my card wouldn't open the door.  The pool area is nice.  I wouldn't want to be out there on a busy weekend day because in the middle of the week the lounge chairs were totally taken up and there wasn't a lot of space in the pools.  They rent a tube to take around the lazy river for $10, which seemed like a bit of a ripoff.  Drinks and foods are also a ripoff, but it's easy enough to walk 200 feet to the Monte Carlo food court and grab a burger, sandwich, slice of pizza, Chinese food, or fish taco.  Don't even think of bringing any foodstuff back to the pool area.  The TSA agents at the airport have nothing on the people who watch the entrance to the pool.  The fitness center has enough to keep all but the most serious of exercise enthusiasts happy.  There are 6+ jogging machines, a lots of stationary bicycles, and a elliptical machines.  there are also enough weight machines to keep your shoulders and legs pumped up.There's a nice monorail that will take guests from the hotel to Aria or The Bellagio.  This makes a big different because there are a plenty of fun places to visit parallel to these places and the sidewalks can be much less than fun on hot days or busy nights.I do think that it's ridiculous that any state of the art hotel doesn't have free WiFi in this day and age.  Trying to plan my trip was a complete pain in the ass given my iPhone took ages to download even the simplest of pages.
4	HUGE*** FAN*** of this place! Vegas has and always will be my Yearly visit. If I had the choice where to spend my last $1000 on rent or a trip to Vegas? it would Vegas So you get the point am a FAN! Monte Carlo is my ideal pay it "safe" stay because i've been staying there since 1999 (the year i turned 18) hahaha Okay, their Poor is where I'd like to highlight out ASAP. Wow amazing truly fun, extremely loud and busy! The drinks and services are A+ people! The rooms are amazing its what you want and ask for from Vegas. Nothing extra but enough to keep your stay Fun fun if you know what I mean (; Finally, their prices and rates truly a hit! huge fan always got the best rates around if it was weekdays or weekends you will get a great deal. Just make sure seriously to do the tips to get the treatment a "man" deserves it'll pay off believe me! Tip the guys that park your car, tip the lady that cleans your room don't cheap out! Note: their casino floor is not the best, I'd like to go to their next door up or down from the place and get a better luck! aghh what a huge lose on my last visit. :( Overall rating it a real B+
1	Worst hotel experience in my life. And I've stayed in some sketchy places in Africa, Asia and the Middle East.The best part of this place was entering the lobby. It's magnificent. Beautiful. Elegant.  And the room was clean and tastefully decorated.But...The final rating suffers because the hotel falls so short of expectations. A pretty lobby is nice, and a clean room is to be expected even of an economy place.  For a "resort" hotel, the bar is higher.  You expect luxurious amenities.  You expect everything to be well prepared and for your room to be ready to go from the minute you walk in.  Ours was not.First, access to the fitness center is NOT included in your nightly room rate.  I have stayed at many different hotels across the country and around the world, and this is the first time I've run into this. Maybe it's a Vegas thing? But it was a huge shock to learn I had to pay an extra $20 a night for something that even Holiday Inn includes at no extra charge.Next, we found out that Monte Carlo's rooms do not have wi-fi internet access at all. There's a single ethernet cable to connect a single laptop, so your wi-fi tablet, smart phone or other device is useless in your hotel room.  If you want to stream a movie on Netflix or surf the web on an iPad, tough crap. Monte Carlo can't get it done.  Even the Extended Stay America I was at the other night could support that one.Worse, the ethernet cable in our room was damaged by a prior guest, so we had to wait about 20 minutes for an engineer to come up and replace it.  And the picture quality on the beautiful flat screen TV was horrible, so we were pretty darn bored waiting for that engineer.This morning we got up and wanted to make coffee.  Two problems arose -- first, due to a lack of electrical outlets, we had to crawl around behind the desk to unplug the table lamp so we could plug in the coffee maker.  Then, after making the coffee, we noticed there was no cream or sugar in the room.  We had to call down for that, and that meant our coffee was cold by the time we had cream and sugar for it.What century does this hotel's management think we're in?  Who would put a phone, lamp and coffee maker on a desk with only two electrical outlets, and have that as the only desk in the whole room upon which guests might want to connect their laptops, recharge cell phones and other devises, etc.?  In the 21st Century, people need plugs.  This room didn't even have enough for the stuff that was already in the room before we got there, let alone for our electronic gear.I'd love to unwind in the jacuzzi, but found out after working out this morning that would cost an extra $10 per person per use -- and the wife and I would have to be in separate rooms since they're "clothing optional" and the sexes are kept separate.  Is this 1912 instead of 2012?  How about one place for families to enjoy where folks just have to bite their lip and remain clothed?  Would that be too much to expect? And the fitness center closes at 7 p.m.  So you'd better not be someone who likes to work out in the evening.  WTH?  Just about every other place I've stayed is open at least until 9 p.m.The pool closes early, too.  So no night swimming after a long day in the Vegas sun.  Wanna cool off?  Sneak into another hotel's swimming pool.  Monte Carlo does not have your travel needs in mind.
3	So 3 stars is the best I can give this place...here are the reasons why I love and don't love:AWESOME THINGS:1) Love the casino!! It has the best slot machines (penny slots!!) and I usually do pretty good here. Emerald Falls and Star Wars slots are awesome and I'm a sucker for the bonus rounds. Haven't played anything else really except for Pai Gow and I did pretty good at that too.2) Loved that they had 6 elevators for each section. I stayed at the Excalibur once and it took me 45 minutes to get to the 1st floor waiting for 1 elevator. They had tvs in them and went fast. 3) Their beds are awesome! Very comfy and give you plenty of pillows.4) The tramway goes from here to Bellagio and Aria...LOVE!! Definitely beats walking over there. And we got to see the fountain show. :)NOT SO AWESOME THINGS:5) They charge $20 resort fee each night for what??? This isn't Bellagio or Venetian. We came at spring break time and it was so packed of  jersey shore douche's and I came to realize I was older than I thought. Note to self: don't come to the strip during spring break. So, I think the resort fee was a rip off for not using the pool. Even using the pool I think it's a rip. 6) They don't have any food places open past 11 in the casino except for the Cafe but blah. This is Vegas people!! That's when the party gets started!! WTF? So, we walked over to New York, New  York and had some good grub over there. That needs to change.7) Ok, this one is kinda weird but their shower head was the weirdest shower head I've ever seen. No pressure and had 4 little holes for water to come out. Super annoying when you have thick hair and you're trying to get the shampoo out and it takes FOREVER. Also, no fan in the bathroom. Ugh.8) Finally, the one that really irritated me...NO WIFI!!!! Seriously? I don't get it. You need wifi for Vegas!!!So in conclusion, I won't be back to Monte Carlo to stay overnight. For being a moderate priced hotel on the strip, you kinda expect more. I had a better experience at Golden Nugget!! They need to upgrade or something to make that resort fee worth it.
2	Good enough for people looking to save on a hotel (if you get below rack rate), while still being on the strip and close to good restaurants and bars. Service is mediocre:  long lines at check-in and while waiting to re-issue keys.  Rooms are fine, but agingNo wireless internet:  Only wired internet is included with the $20 resort feeFitness center is decent:  Not at all crowded, while the spa is quite nice with treatment rooms, whirlpool tubs, steam room and sauna.Good location near the south end of the strip, very close to Aria which has nice restaurants and the cosmopolitan clubs.Pools:  I found it to be an odd combination of spring break partyers with music thumping in one pool and kids playing with floaty toys in another pool.  Couldn't really determine the target market for the hotel.
1	My boyfriend and I were going to a rockabilly convention in Las Vegas from Wednesday, April 4, 2012 through Monday, April 9, 2012. He chose to use Priceline.com to book our reservation. The Monte Carlo Resort and Casino took our offer on name your own price. We were rather enthused when we read their motto: "Luxury can mean different things to different people. For us, luxury should not be stuffy. Or opulent. Or exclusive. Or make you feel uncomfortable. We believe that luxury should make you feel special, no matter who you are. It should make you feel rich, even if you're not. Luxury should make you feel like a VIP, every day. This is what we believe at Monte Carlo Resort and Casino, and it is what we promise throughout our resort. We want our guests to enjoy the unique, inclusive Las Vegas experience available only at Monte Carlo - unpretentiously luxurious." Little did we know that this four diamond hotel wouldn't even live up to a Motel 8.Wednesday, April 4Upon arrival (10:30 pm), we were immediately greeted by three things.1) The manager of one of the casino clubs. He wanted us to go to ladies night. We were uninterested and stated as much. He persisted until we took a bracelet.2) The intense smell of perfume. So intense that you could taste it.3) A broken revolving door.After receiving our unwanted bracelet, we proceeded to stand in line for check in. The line was relatively short and we only had to wait for approximately five minutes.The lady behind the desk greeted us and we started our check-in process. She informed us that we would have to pay an additional resort fee of $20.00 per day. My boyfriend said that the Priceline deal stated that the hotel was paid in full. We were then informed that the $20.00 fee was stated at the bottom of the page. My boyfriend produced his original paper work; the verbiage regarding the resort fee was not on the paperwork. Regardless, we were told we would be required to pay the fee. We then asked what was included in the fee structure. We would receive bottled water, coffee, a newspaper, gym access, local/long distance phone calls, and internet. We told them we had cell phones and didn't need anything we were being charged for. Again, we were told that this fee was not negotiable. My boyfriend gave them his credit card to charge for the resort fee. We completed check in and headed to our room (10-122).I noticed as we were walking through the corridor that there were stains on the floors and walls as well as rips and gouges in the walls.We arrived at our room and the first thing we notice is that we were put into a double queen room. My boyfriend immediately calls downstairs to request a king room. Guest services inform us that there are no king rooms available but that they can change our room on Thursday. Whatever, we are tired and agree.After a long day at work and a short flight, I am in need of a quick shower before bed. As I turn on the lowest shower head that I have personally ever seen (I'm 5'4") I can't help but notice all of the black mold growing on grout lines of the shower and that the plumbing is deafeningly loud. After my very quick shower, I notice that our bathroom exhaust fan is not working.The room smells funky and so before bed I try to open the window only to find that the windows are sealed shut.
4	I loved our Kind sized bed! It was like sleeping on a cloud and I really wished I could spent all day lounging around. The room had a Keurig machine, which was used, and the television was awesome (it was the same one we have at home). The only problem I had was there was no blow dryer so I had to leave with wet hair. The toilet scared me because it was so powerful! The shower was nice, but it wasn't very big so you couldn't have a bath. I really, really  wished the walls were thicker because when the tricks next door stumbled in at 4 am, laughing and screaming, I was not a happy camper. Alas, there is no way the hotel can control that and people are just rude. The main floor was awesome and it smelled like incense! I will give the props when it comes to ventilation because amidst all of the smokers, I wasn't overwhelmed with the smell. I really, really liked that they had a food court because if you didn't feel like spending a million dollars on a big meal, you can just grab a snack. We spend most of our time gambling in Aria because the casino was crowded at Monte Carlo.  However, I wasn't happy with having to pay a resort fee, but I guess that's what I get. We got a great deal on our stay so if you are looking for a nice hotel on the strip that won't break the bank than Monte Carlo is a great choice.
2	1. A worker in the food court tried pulling a fast one by keeping my credit card and giving me another plastic card.                                                              2. Blood on my clean towel3. No cofee in our room.                            4. No refrigerator in room.
1	Additional items we noticed throughout our stay:- USA Today is not delivered to your room. It is in the elevator lobby area.- There is no wifi. You get an Ethernet cable.- No easily accessible outlets. Even those that were hard to reach were in use. You had to unplug something if you wanted to use an outlet.- Elevator doors had grease and residue on the outsides. It appeared as though the metal had not had maintenance in a very long time.- Subjective but the bed was extremely uncomfortable. The pillows are hard and extremely thick.- TV remote didn't work 50% of the time. The stations are basic cable at best. The TV guide channel didn't work.- ATM's in the lobby will cost you an additional $5.00 for surcharge fees. Be sure you need the cash.- You can hear absolutely everything going on beside you, above you, and in the hallway. From people coughing to partying; you'll be a part of it all.- Hair dryers are in bags in the closets.- The linens all smell like they have been put in a dryer that had a fire in it at some point. Everything smells like burned hair.- Drawers are not cleaned out for use. There are random items in there as well as dirt and dust.- Rooms are extremely outdated. From the furniture to the carpet to the bathroom counters.Ultimately, your money is better spent at Motel 8 or in a hostel than at the Monte Carlo Resort and Casino. If we return to Vegas, we will be happy to pay to stay at a hotel that deserves its four diamond rating.
3	Pros: The bed was comfortable. The location was great. The casino was nice and the ventilation was good. Cons: The room wasn't anything special, but we weren't in the room much. The $20 resort fee is BULLSHIT and not only that, you have to pay an extra $10 to use the jacuzzi?!?! What the hell. The gym has ridiculous hours.
1	Recently stayed here for a brief overnight on our way into the desert. Unbelievable how dirty the Room was. The bathroom had crap on the mirror and gunk on the faucet. The walls were filthy as well as the shower. The shower head looked like it had been duct taped to the wall and several of the towels had holes in them. The glasses were so dirty that I wouldn't even drink out of them after we washed them. The bed was my favorite part. There were staines on almost every piece of linen. I had to strategically position the sheets so my g/f would notice or we would have been trying to change rooms at 1 am. I honestly cannot understand how or why a place would even bother operating at such a low level.
3	We really enjoyed our stay here and, considering this is an "older" hotel on the strip, we really have very few complaints. Our room was of average size - it was nice but nothing elaborate. The location on the strip is fantastic and the shutte is a nice plus. The pool had its grand opening and we really enjoyed the set up of the pool with the sand volleyball court and the lazy river. The negatives are small - they searched out bags when we went to the pool - a first for me in a Vegas hotel and not for weapons. The search was for outside food and beverage - I don't know...seems a bit excesive to me and makes them look like a bigger cheapskate than the person who brings in a bottled water. The second negative was the fact that the casino smelled like a dirty Depends. We couldn't walk thru it fast enough! I would stay here again for the locaton alone. Not new and fancy, no award winning shows or restaurants, and no wifi (seriously - r u in the stone ages), but functional, clean and central. Wasn't in my room much anyway...Oh...the resort fee? Silliness. I knew in advanced that I'd be charged but really? What exactly did I get for it? Resort fees are super passe and they need to get over themselves.
4	I have no idea why this place isn't rated higher. I've stayed at the Rio, Treasure Island (first guest in a refurbished room a few years ago) and honestly, I love Monte Carlo. First and foremost, when it comes to social media, Monte Carlo is all over it. They're quick to respond to questions on Twitter, and are super helpful with recommendations. The staff at the resort itself is the same. We went to Vegas to do pool time and boozing. So our gambling consisted of $20 at the video poker machines at Ignite Bar (by Minus 5) and that included all we could drink. Bet 25 cents a hand, and you can really get your money's worth. And I won! Who actually wins on video poker? The pool is awesome. Lazy river, wave pool, huge hot tub and a regular pool give you plenty of options. We were there April 14-17 and we were never crowded when we were outside. Breakfast buffet is affordable and $4 extra gets you unlimited Mimosas. Seriously? Yes. And there are crab legs on the breakfast buffet. Amazing. Rooms were clean, had what we needed (because seriously, who spends a lot of time in their room in Vegas?), and when we needed more towels or whatever, they were quick to send those up. The Pub... Diablos... The watering holes at the Monte Carlo do not disappoint. Loved the chili garlic wings and sliders (AND HELLO BEER SELECTION) at the Pub, and Diablos is an awesome venue for some night time cocktails. Huge fan of the Monte Carlo. It's not a 5-star hotel, but they aren't claiming to be. Unpretentious Luxury is their thing, and it's perfect for me. I'll stay at the Monte Carlo again, for sure.
4	I stayed here with friends visiting from overseas. When looking to book a hotel in Vegas, we were all on a bit of a budget and wanted to find a fairly affordable place to stay on the Strip without sacrificing too much by way of quality and comfort. The Monte Carlo came up on the radar, sounded good, so we decided to book 3 nights here. All things considered, we were not disappointed.I booked through a 3rd-party site, which may have been a mistake, really, because they didn't disclose certain fees and policies in place at the Monte Carlo. So, at the time of check-in, I wasn't aware of the $20/night 'resort fee,' among other things. It left me feeling a bit 'irked' at the check-in counter, but it wasn't the fault of the hotel so much as the website I used to book, so I can't fault them for that. The check-in woman was very nice and helpful. The two rooms we initially received didn't meet with my expectations, but upon calling the front desk, they quickly transferred I and my friends to two adjacent rooms on a higher floor, which were much better.Our stay here was fine - not super-memorable or anything, but pleasant and excellent for the price and location. The valet service was prompt, the staff friendly, the housekeeping service efficient and the casino floor & restaurants clean and not overly-crowded or smokey. It was a good place to stay, particularly if you're on a bit of a budget and want to be close to the action that the Strip has to offer. It's not the Bellagio, but it's no CircusCircus either. I enjoyed my stay here, and would consider staying here again.
3	This resort is ok. I was disappointed in the service. Housekeeping either knocked at the door at 6AM or never came at all. So we had to call & request for them to clean our rooms each day much later in the day, or it would never get done.Nothing to brag about. Simple. Just Ok. Oh, and the disappointing part is the pool is extremely over crowded, and if you get a room that faces the pool you don't get any sun in your room.
2	So usually Monte Carlo is great.But recently they charge $25 resort fees for Ethernet cable Internet!?Outrageous.  Plus they interrupt your 3G with some kind of Internet blockage.Plus there was puke inside our lamp and they gave us two queens instead of a king.Tighten it up Monte Carlo!
3	Old hotel but has some new amenities. The keys sometimes work which is all weird. Maybe it's our door. Hotel was very basic since i guess we got the cheapest room we can get? The cool thing is they have a great gym facility which i located on the 2nd floor pass the spa area, however they are not open 24 hours. The lazy pool was cool, and so was the beach wave/ volleyball court. Overall, not a bad hotel and close to CVS, Walgreens and Ross and M&M factory
3	This was my first time staying here. For the cost of our hotel for a 2 night stay was about $230 not bad but the one thing I didn't like was the $20 resort fee they charge for amenities I think I can do without... I don't remember specifically but one was definitely to have Internet access using an Ethernet cord... are those still around? The room was nice and clean. It had a fresh appeal to it and the bed was way comfy. I really enjoyed the pool area it was clean, heated and the staff was super friendly. Also the lobby smelled abnormally good like ocean breeze lol... Unfortunately we didn't have a chance to check out any of the eateries or the club in the hotel.Overall coma pared to the other hotels I was looking to stay this one isn't bad so I would stay here again.
2	Not impressed at all! No Wifi internet service in guest rooms. Room service lacked attention to detail and the overall maintenance left something to be desired. Half the lights in the room did not work and the TV was broken. Luckily I was too busy to use the TV. Spend a couple bucks more and stay at the Luxor.@ben_freedman
2	They advertise complimentary Keurig coffee in the rooms but they don't provide cream or sugar. When we asked the housekeeper for some, she asked us to call downstairs. We were told by room service that the hotel does not provide cream free of charge. There was only one styrofoam cup for coffee. The housekeepers were talking very loudly in the hall, starting at 9 am. This used to be a great hotel, won't be staying here again.
3	Stayed at this hotel/casino for 6 nights the week before Memorial Day and my review consists of good and not so good remarks. Overall I give it a 3. The bf and I met 4 friends in Vegas and all together we had 3 rooms. Good: our room was clean, was in the location of the hotel that we requested (strip side) but then again, if we were paying for the strip view then should I really be congratulating them on giving me what I paid for? Cost was very reasonable - Took advantage of a 20% off strip view promo which brought the price down to about $70 per night. The Resort Fee gets you - but I'd imagine that all of the hotels charge that. Location was fine especially for not paying top dollar. The hotel's pool area was a 4 out of 5. The pool options were great and the time spent in the water was a good time. The lazy river was perhaps our favorite. I had never seen a wave pool so that was a fun new experience. You could bring your adult beverages into the water with you. I did not like the lounge chair set up in the pool area. Very little seating surrounded the pools themselves and since it was crowded you often got stuck in seats that were just rows upon rows of lounge chairs staring at more lounge chairs. I would have liked to see more seating around the pool so that I could be soaking in the rays while watching my friends in the water. Lastly, I'd like to give a shout out to The Pub - a restaurant in the hotel. We ate there twice and I only wish I had more opportunities to eat there more. The service and food were great, the beer list never ending. Something like 200 beers on tap and the staff could talk about the beer and answer questions to help you choose - much appreciated. Now for my Not So Good remarks. The customer service is horrendous. So much so that after a few incidents my party and I were telling them we would not be staying here again. I had called the hotel 3 weeks before our arrival and had all three reservations linked together so that all 3 rooms would be on the same floor. We arrive and this had not been done. Then, they put 2 of the rooms on a smoking floor when specified was nonsmoking. They then tell us that the rooms were not linked together because we got there after 5pm - however the customer service rep I spoke to when putting in the request said nothing to me about that being a requirement nor about it not being definite. It was confirmed and sounded taken care of when I ended my conversation 3 weeks prior. The person we dealt with at concierge said that the nonsmoking room was merely a preference and not a guarantee. Really?! Perhaps it is their liberal smoking laws in the state of Nevada - but that seems like a big "request" that should be fulfilled. When we showed obvious dissatisfaction over the lack of rooms together, and 2 rooms being completely filthy in cigarette smell, the concierge did nothing to ease our discomfort and the reply was very much like, "oh well, nothing we can do for you...". Eventually we were able to get the two smoking rooms on the same floor as the third room, but it required a night in the disgusting smoke filled rooms 5 floors down. The next day when the other two rooms were reassigned, one of them was without a strip view - we were paying for the strip view. This was not determined until we had left the concierge, had gone all the way upstairs to move bags into the new room, and noticed the view was not as requested. The person we dealt with should have known what we were paying for, and said something at the time of switch that either there was no strip viewavailable and given our money back for paying extra for it, or made other arrangements. But instead we had to go back downstairs, wait in line again to speak with someone - and explain the situation once more. Again, all this running around, room change, lack of reading the computer to see what was on our account - certainly required some sort of compensation. We finally got something after speaking to a manager. The 1st room was fine, the 2nd room got 50% back on the first night spent in the smoke room, and the 3rd room ended up without a strip view, and they gave us back the extra money that paid for that view. It took multiple trips to the concierge desk to get this made right, and it wasn't until speaking to a manager that any compensation happened. The desk people were very passive and did not seem interested in making us happy.
4	Cheap and has all the essentials. Food, casino, decent rooms, somewhere to sleep.
4	This was my first time staying at Monte Carlo and I really enjoyed it! Really, for the price, it was very nice. I stayed with my boyfriend for 2 nights for $226 (room + tax) + $40 (resort fee of $20/nt). (ps - I booked thru Hotels.com) Specifically, we booked this hotel bc 1) it was the cheapest but nicest hotel on the strip right next to the City Center with a casino and 2) no parking fees since we drove and the other hotels had the resort fee (which is standard for most hotels in Vegas) PLUS a parking fee of anywhere from $15-30/night which is just ridiculous. I have no regrets of booking my room here. For the price, I wasn't expecting a luxurious room but a decent and clean room which is exactly what it was. We got there around 1PM and we were able to check-in early which was a huge plus since we just got there after a 8 hour drive.Also, we won the most money here outta all the casino's we went to! SCORE! We were able to come back home WITH some money still in our wallets which was SOOOO unexpected, thanks to Monte Carlo! As for food options, they had a food court which had the standard food court joints such as Starbucks, McDonalds, Sbarro's, Subway, etc. Most of which were open 24 hours which was perfect for those late nights! Also, look for my review on one of their restaurants, Brand Steakhouse (I gave 3 stars.. Go find out why!!). They also had a froyo place, crepe place, and a candy store which was all a lot of fun. The crepe place was good but the cashier was unfriendly ;/ Oh and because of the weather when we stayed, it was too windy to really enjoy the pool which is something I was really looking forward too :( So I can't say much bout the pool ;/But overall, I was very content with the hotel (considering the price, the location, and winnings [yay!]).
4	This hotel was alright.  Food and beverages were way overpriced (almost $20 for quesadillas - room service with tip).  Rooms were clean.  Shower head was showing some age and it was meant for shorter people.  Beds were very comfortable.   The pool area was nice, but the music they played was a little on the loud side.   They had some nice shopping.   They didn't have much of a night life, compared to Bellagio or Caesar's...etc. The food there was pretty good (other than being expensive).  The Pub was my favorite place to hang out.  The bartender, John, made the best Bloody Mary I've ever had (does not come with chaser though).  Staff was very friendly. My only major complaints are: No wi-fi in guest rooms, you are allowed only 2 complimentary small bottles of water a day and 2 cups of Keurig coffee. I would stay here again.
2	This place is nothing special!! 1st.   There was no microwave or fridge in the room.2nd.  The wi-fi signal was so weak, it was not worth using!!3rd.   You get a shot of coffee but no cream or sugar with it and by the time you get    some, your coffee is cold!!  4th. do not plan on eating there!! The food sucks!!
3	Summer in Vegas is all about the pool, hence our reason for staying here.  The rooms are clean, is all I can say about the accomodations, because they are not anything more than average.  Other reasons to go to the Monte- The Pub, Brand Steakhouse (NOT lounge), Minus 5, and Jabbawokeez.  That's about it.The pool- Must show room key and can not bring anything in, even water.  I liked that the chairs had little flags to raise up when you needed a cocktail waitress.  They have a sand volleyball area which other pools do not have.  They also have the only other wave pool in town, except this one actually has waves.  A DJ was set up at the wave pool which was the center of the party.  Several contests were going on throughout the day which were fun to watch, complete with a bikini clad hostess giving out free shots.  Parents with kids seemed to be enjoying the fun, so I guess this place is "kid friendly".  If I stayed here again it would definitely be for the pool.
3	Just got back from Vegas.  The room was nice and clean.  Front desk was friendly and helpful. Now here are some disappointing things about our stay....1. Food and drink was a bit pricey for what you get2. Lazy river really wasn't much compared to other lazy rivers from Vegas hotels3. The pool area was small and boring....we have seen much nicer4. Service in the Cafe was SO slow and the food average5. The shower head was horrible......it felt like it was tearing at your skinWould not recommend if a nice pool area is important....it felt cramped and dull
2	Stayed here for one night recently and it is nothing special. The men's room at the pool had a nauseating stench pouring out of it, the air conditioner in my room didn't work, it took over 40 minutes to check in, the customer service was really lacking, the pillows were the quality of a Motel 6. It is cheap and pretty centrally located, but I would rather spend a little more to have better amenities and services. Also was extremely bothered by the lack of security at the elevators. Won't be back.
4	We stayed in their VIP floor called Hotel 32!!  On this floor, there is a loft area where you can hangout, watch television and best of all...eat!!  They provide breakfast and small appetizers to all the guests in the mornings and late afternoons. The room was nice and clean.  Bed was ,of course, comfy.They had a good sized gym and it wasn't overly packed.Most of the restaurants downstairs were overly priced and food were just okay. Overall, I had a good stay and would definitely come back!!!
4	I havn't been to Vegas in 6 years or so. i wanted to stay on the strip during EDC. had sum friends who got suites at the Monte Carlo. read some reviews, and thought it would be fine. overall, i would rate my experience a 4. free self-parking was a plus. also, there's a tram (for FREE) that takes you to the Bellagio!the pool was really cool. they have a lazy-river! i rented an inner-tube ($10 each) for a day. be careful! there were many ppl trying to steal other's inner tubes! it only cost $10 people!all rooms in my opinion, should have a mini-fridge and microwave. i was told it would cost $30 for a mini-fridge! because i got a "deluxe" room, and they had to downgrade me because i wanted a smoking room, i was able to get the mini-fridge comped. that was pretty cool. the "view" of the strip, was o-kay. got room service for breakfast one morning. that was fun. i agree with some other people, the shower head was ridiculous! seemed hard to get any water pressure out. the shower head looks fancy, but doesn't do anything.my only BIG complaint is that the pool closes at 7pm!!!! this is vegas. why not midnight?? other than that, it was a nice hotel
2	I guess it depends on what you are looking for. The price was good. The pool was nice but I didn't use it and it's very well located on the strip. However the paint was peeling in the bathroom and the room in general was very basic and pretty run down. The hallway to my room had large stains on the carpet and the walls were beat up. My recommendation would be to spend an extra $30 a night and take advantage of some of the specials the nicer resorts offer. I will say though the customer service at the Monte Carlo was excellent.
5	This is one of my favorite cheap, yet great hotel on the strip. It's a great place for people under age, but it seems like the adults enjoy it too.I really like the architecture of the resort. The front is beautiful, with the fountain. The hotel also has a great location. It is closer to the hotels I like to eat at, the M&M and coke stores, and yet closer to the center of the strip.I also really liked the pool area. It's not the best on the strip, but it's fine for me. There was a lazy river and a wave pool, which I enjoyed. It also had a nice atmosphere. My only complaint here is that the pool is shaded, so the water is pretty cold in the morning/early afternoon.Monte Carlo has lots of eating choices in their food court, which is convenient to those staying in the hotel and those walking around.
4	My initial welcome to The Monte Carlo was rather abysmal, but overall it turned out to be a rather pleasant stay, and I think the sum of it amounted to a very reasonable rate for a nice room in what is still a great spot on the Vegas strip. The weekend we happened to be visiting played host to not only the Pacquiao versus Bradley fight (and controversial upset), but also a big series between the Celtics and Heat, the third leg of the Triple Crown races, and most significant to us locally, the Electric Daisy Carnival, which boasted nearly 350,000 attendees over a 3 day span.Obviously, Vegas was packed, and so perhaps it wasn't the most optimal time for MGM properties (all of them, not just Monte Carlo) to decide to do a system upgrade to their computers. What wound up happening was that all of the check-in systems for all of their properties (Bellagio, Aria, Veer, Mandarin, Mirage, Luxor, Mandalay, MGM Grand, etc...) shut down completely for 2 to 3 days, causing check-in times of 1.5 to nearly 4 hours, depending on your property. The Monte Carlo folks at least made up for it as best they could, waiving all amenity fees for guests (who asked for it) and offering everyone a free night stay on a return visit (although I find it kind of shitty they wouldn't just refund one your nights already spent). Since it was a corporate level decision far above them I'm not holding them directly responsible, but I would be remiss if I didn't mention it here.Most important to me when booking a room in Vegas is what am I going to get for my money, factoring in how much/little time I will actually be staying in my hotel room. Considering I would normally go to sleep around 5AM and wake up around noon, shower, and head straight out to lunch, I essentially just needed somewhere to put my suitcase with a (hopefully) comfortable bed and a good central location to all the places I wanted to visit in Vegas. We got all of that at The Monte Carlo, with two queen beds in a strip view deluxe room for about $200 a night, which wasn't too bad a rate considering how booked of a weekend it was. (For comparison I just checked a random weekend in July and got about $125 a night for the same room.)The Monte Carlo rooms may be a bit outdated, for sure, but ask yourself how important the wallpaper and minibar actually is. They've got a nice 40 inch HDTV, but I never even turned it on. What are you paying for? Convenience, that's it, if your trips to Vegas are anything like mine. They've still got a great pool scene, a casino that seemed relatively busy (although I don't gamble, so no clue as to the quality), and some pretty good dining options with Brand and Andre's. The feature show also happens to be The JabbaWockeeZ, one of the best dance groups to hit the US in the last decade. Overall I think they definitely justify the rates they're asking, with my only real drawback being that it's not quite as central as say Aria or Bellagio, but it's also a fraction of the price.
3	3 1/2 Stars!Monte Carlo is one of the most underrated hotels on the Las Vegas Strip.  I suppose if the room doesn't cost more then your car note per night its not good enough.  Well shame on you, shame.  I have had the pleasure of staying at the Monte Carlo on more then one occasion and let me tell you it does not disappoint.PRO:  The Smell.  Seriously, it smells sooooo good in this hotel all the time.  I find myself walking through the hallway and casino saying aloud "OMG it smells so good".  Even when I'm sober.  Now that's major.CON:  I completely forget about this place when I'm planning a trip.  I'm so sorry Monte Carlo, I really am.Funny story.  My cousin and I were on our way out to the club.  Looking cute and stuff.  We get in the elevator, and there.... Is a girl who just got out the pool.  Oh wait, no... she pissed on herself.  Not only is she pissy in the elevator but she keeps saying "Lance Burton.. Master Magician".  HILARIOUS.  We still make fun of her to this day.The rooms here are nice, typical Vegas rooms (that smell really good).Of course, if the possible get the Monaco Suite.  It is spacious and mid-level luxurious.  Luxury without the price tag of a 5 star hotel.Stay here, you wont regret it.Good for: Romance, Girls Trips, Guys Trips, Relaxing Weekend
2	Stayed during the week June 18th through June 22nd. Starting with the good. Stayed on the 23rd floor and had a strip view, it had easy access to aria and Bellagio and the casino wasn't good or bad. The pool area looked nice but was way packed mid week so I couldn't even imagine trying to be down there on the weekend. Price wasn't bad on paper but the Internet cord they provide didn't work, the shower had a ton of mildew, the hallway on our floor was always wet. Really wet. The aroma gives you a headache, I would rather just smell the smoke. My wife and I both cut our feet on the tac strip in the room. I called downstairs to let them know about the issues and told them ahed of time I'm not looking for anything free just giving the info, and they were rude. My family and I will be going back to the MGM as soon as the construction is done.
3	Stayed here for a friends bday weekend. It's ok. Nothing fancy. Tho the food at the restaurants here were all pretty terrible. Well just The Pub and Dragon Noodle, as far as I know.The tub drains hella slow in our room. Gross
1	So we stayed here in August 2011 and we had a good time. Our room was clean. The service was good ,we liked the value of the hotel for being on the strip, we had a good time at the pool and we liked that we didn't have to walk across a hotel to get to self park, the valet or to get a cab (everything was laid out well)So when we decided to celebrate our 3 year anniversary, we thought why not return? We initially got a handicap room because they had no other room available. We were told that the room was exactly the same except there were rails around the shower and toilet. The rails did not bother us but the room was gross. The carpet was filthy, there was a blood stain on our comforter, which smelled like a dirty gym (GROSS). There was a blood stain on one of the towels in the bathroom (DOUBLE GROSS), and the other towel had light brown stains and a hole in the middle of it (WTF). So we called down to have our room changed but they couldn't move us until the next day so FINE, we toughed it out for the night and tried to touch very little. The next morning my girlfriend (now fiance) actually proposed in the room. So the moment was extremely memorable because she made it extremely personal and sweet BUT what I found out afterwards really upset me. She told me how she called the concierge ahead of time and was trying to arrange a special room service breakfast (heart shaped pancakes and what not) and the guy just shut her down and said we don't do that. He didn't offer any alternatives or even give any suggestions. Now she prefaced the request with, I am proposing. I get that they have limitations but seriously?? You could not do a cheesy heart pancake? Obviously, the moment was perfect as is and I said yes, but to just shut someone down and not offer an alternative is ridiculous. She ended up even ordering the flowers from an outside flower shop because the hotel was ridiculously unhelpful. They moved us up to the 29th floor the next day and the room, towels and sheets were much better and the next two nights went off without incident. Between the beyond gross room and the completely unhelpful concierge, we won't be revisiting the Monte Carlo.
1	They do not have wheelchair accessible rooms with two queen beds. They will offer you a roll-away bed, but that doesn't sound too great for a vacation, to me. They also don't tell you this when making reservations online, so luckily I called to double-check the reservations. I made online reservations for 2 beds in a wheelchair accessible room, but those rooms don't even exist at this hotel.I enjoyed my stay here a few years back-the pool was nice, the food was good, and it is in a good location, so I was going to return. However, I refuse to stay here, after this fiasco. I called a few times to double check this, but the people I talked to didn't really care. I talked to a few people and they all had the same attitude towards the situation. They just kept telling me I could have a roll away bed put in my room, but why would I do that when I could go somewhere else for the same price or cheaper and get two beds?Not offering this is not okay, but I would have tried it again in the future if they would have told us this from the beginning. Instead, they let us reserve a non-existant room. They also charged the card for a deposit fee after the website said no deposit needed.I am taking my business somewhere else and will not come here to stay or eat.
3	I haven't stayed here but I've been inside. Hotel looks really nice. Nice lobby and very well decorated. Its located at a descent location on the Strip. However, their casino isn't the best. If you are a gambler, might wanna hit up some other casinos.
4	Love this casino/hotel. Nice and simple. good amenities and location. Hooked to ARIA.
3	Kinda old looking decor, not the most stylish hotel on the strip, but who goes to vegas to stay in a hotel all day.Perfect stay for come in sleep, shower, party.  Could use a better shower head though
3	Monte Carlo is starting to show it's age, but it's still a decent on strip bargain.Tip- pay the extra few bucks for a room upgrade, the higher floors are in much better shape than the lower ones. Lower ones would get 1 1/2 stars from me- pretty bad.Beds are comfortable, and the rooms are decent sized. They now give you two in room complimentary coffees (Keurig, not too bad)  to save you the hike down to the Starbucks at the food court. The CVS next door sells Keurig pods,  so you can stock up, if you are a heavy coffee drinker like myself.Alarm clocks with phone docking station.The resort fee (and extra $20 on top of the room rate) includes the coffee, WIRED in room internet, newspaper, and gym usage.Pool is very good, but they have added too many cabanas, and now seating is pretty difficult, unless you show up around opening time. Pool closes at 7. They sell and rent floats for the lazy river ($10-20). Beers are about $8. DJ on the weekends.Valets do a good job, so do the bellhops,  and the maids tend to do a much better job on the higher floors...a decent tip will certainly help in all these areas, and  is much appreciated.  Front desk service is good.Skip the Buffet- go to Aria, Bellagio or Wynn. All good bets. The room service is fairly reasonable for Vegas.All in all, you can certainly do worse, and the cheap rates and good pool keep me coming back. if you don't care about the pool however, I would keep looking. You can stay at a much nicer place for another $50 or so a night.
3	Pros and Cons  mixed - Contradictions at its finest :) Check-in process was one of the longest, if not the longest, of my life...and there was only one person in front of us, and we were in the 'invited' line.   While the lady was pleasant and whacky enough for my liking, my husband put it best, "It seems like she just came here today for the first time and pretended to work here."Nice 40 inch t.v. at least in the 29th floor rooms - from these reviews on here, it seems that the higher floors are considered slight upgrades...we were with a Gold Member, so unsure if this is why our rooms were upgraded/if it was considered an upgrade..we were on the same floor.Pool Area is pretty good, but it opens not until 9 a.m.  For the summer months especially, when it's already 90-95 degrees by 9 a.m., it would be much better to have the pool open earlier...and close later.Dealers, some were duds, some were decent.Extremely rude player's club staff lady.  Gave attitude for my husband getting a player's card because he had left his home (in Chicago), which I have to imagine many, if not most people do.  With that being said....she said, "Let's make sure we don't have to do this again" - later on, he realized after all that, his name was spelled wrong, an extra two letters added on.  Spacious rooms and very clean, I would eat off the floor.  However, the amount of space goes to waste with no refrigerator/microwave/couch/sofabed, etc.  Shampoo/Conditioner and like amenities are decent.Housekeeping did not come to service our room the second day we were there.  We did have our "Do Not Disturb" sign on until approximately 10 a.m., and then it was off for the rest of the day.  No service.  We could have benefited from an extra towel or two, but it wasn't that big of a deal.    Internet, while included in the $20/day resort fee (additional cost to your rooms), is average, at best.  Spa area at $10 a day (additional to the resort fee) is actually quite good.  While initially it is irritating, that using the spa facilities (whirlpool, sauna, and steam room), is not included in the resort fee, it is worth it.  I will probably do a separate review for the spa, as I give it 4 stars.  Massages/facials and what not are your standard over-the-top prices but still probably not as much as other MGM properties.  Free tram connected to Monte Carlo does take you to the Bellagio, and it's usually only a couple minutes or so wait.  Room service?  Forget about it.  Tried to call two different times, waiting first for 10 minutes, then at another time for 15 minutes, on hold.  Starbucks staff (a guy) sucked, as he took orders from an obvious friend of his, and then continued to talk to his friend instead of taking next in line customers.  Finally, when we were "assisted," he was stand-offish.  When asked to toast the bagels, he said, "Oh no, we don't do that.  The other Starbucks [food court] does that though."  Would stay here again if rooms were about 10 bucks cheaper than what we paid, on average of $55/night.  Probably will not stay again, however.
3	Monte Carlo is looking tired these days...we were here for a family event....I personally found the hotel "deal" high.  My friend who joined us  last minute got much better prices that we did plus she got food and beverage credits.  The $20 resort fee seems like a way to make the room seem to be cheaper but its a manditory fee so why even play that game?  We were on a high floor and our room was nicer than those in our group who saved a few $$ by booking a lower floor.  The beds were comfortable, but we did have problems with the shower draining and the sink backing up.  They had to fix them twice. The pool was nice & we were able to arrange for a private cabana with a private pool for a fair price for our group, of course $17.00 cokes pool side seems beyond steep to me.  The check in & check out process here is horrible...plan on waiting a long...long time and then don't plan on getting into your room right away  " they are backed up & will call you when your room is ready"  about an hour or two after you check in.The casino has a nice morning gaming class for those who want to learn craps, & roulette.  There late night dealers were lots of fun...one named Victoria was very helpful in teaching some of us how to lose our money slower..she was at the roulette table....from 11 p.m. lol As a result she made a higher percentage in tips from our group.  Monte Carlo staff helped us get tickets to the LOVE show for a better price than the "Half Price Tickets" store.  No one had the tickets for 1/2 price but we did get them for 40% off.  That show was the best part of our trip
2	MONTE CARLO, an awesome name brand.We asked for a non-smoking room and we were sent into a SMOKING ROOM.I noticed that the carpet floor near the window had a minor crack.The room was NOT clean.The hotel was not nice because it is old.I will never stay in this hotel again and this hotel made me wonder why MGM Mirage made horrible hotels and never keep the old ones clean for there customers.Also,MGM's customer service need improvements.Stay at the Monte Carlo if you want a bad stay and want a feel of BARFED OUT EUROPE.This hotel is Sub-standard and below average.Monte Carlo,a great name,and a great disappointment.
3	We had a great time at this hotel.  The staff was friendly, the rooms were nice and the pool area was great.  Get to the pool early, because seats fill up FAST!My only real complaint comes wit h the tubes for the lazy river.  We're already paying a resort fee, do we really deserve to be charged another 10 bucks for an inner tube?!
4	For what we paid, $270 before the $20 per night hotel fee, this was a pretty good hotel. Plus, it was a good location on the strip.We got the deluxe room, the least expensive one and it was big enough (400 sq feet).  The restaurants (Diablo's Cantina, the Cafe) and other things (Ice Bar) the hotel had to offer was pretty pricey, but hey, what isn't pricey in Las Vegas? I wouldn't recommend Diablo's Cantina because it was probably the most expensive tacos and burritos we've ever had, which tasted pretty regular. As for the Ice Bar, I would recommend it as a once in a lifetime thing. I believe it was $16 to enter and you get one free shot.As for the service in the casino, I would only sit down and play a slot machine for 5-10 minutes (I did this about 3 times, one a day) and a cocktail waitress had already come by and offered a me drink. That's pretty fast.I didn't go swimming, but I did get to take a look at the pool(s). They had a lazy river! I wish the pools in Vegas weren't so crowded so that I'd feel comfortable enough to go in. What was cool was that there were employees at the gate entrance of the pools checking for room keys. It's always better when outside customers aren't allowed in the hotel's pool.Complaints. One of the towels had a black ink smear on it. I guess house cleaning forgot about that towel. Also, they only have wired internet, not wifi. Good thing we didn't just have my ipad and had a laptop as well.I would stay here again but not before I searched up other hotels first (just because they missed that one towel and because there's no wifi).
2	The brunch buffet on saturdays is way too pricey for the selection and the quality is simply average. Will not be eating here again.
3	Honestly I expected a lot better! Let just say its a cleaner version of Excalibur Hotel. I would come back personally. The pool was cool and the ambiance was good. The casino was just like any other casino no complaints there. Promoters kept bugging us to go into their lounge but to tell you the truth it looked very badly kept and they were letting people in with anything on so I had no intentions of going in there. It centrally located on the strip which is nice. It was not a dirty hotel but I am not going to lie and say it was nice either.
4	been here a few times and its safe to say this is a great casino.waiters are fast beer flows like wine rooms are nice.not the best rooms but how long are you acually in there anyway.i will be there soon and im sure ill have a great time.
4	Monte Carlo use to be my favorite until the next door neighbor Aria came along. Just kidding, :). I paid $277 for 2 nights for High Floor (29th Floor) facing the pool. Service is not bad and my room is bed-bug free! Yay right. I like the marble flooring and the HDTV this room provided. Room, is your typical. I don't think i need to review the room that much.Monte Carlo is on a pretty good location on the strip (like another post said). It is accessible to Aria + Crystals + Bellagio (Aria Express Monorail) and the Strip is just right outside.  THE GOOD:The elevators on the Monte Carlo have a very interesting tune. Highly recommend paying attention to the music. Haha. Great Service - Monte Carlo is a classic, staff there are knowledgeable. $50 Credit at their food places - Including their Big Belly Buffet. Great for two people. :] I believe WiFi is accessible from floor 1-9 and the rest don't get WiFi. Not too sure.THE BAD:RESORT - sucks, its only a pool filled with people hogging it. $20 a night for the RESORT Fee. Workout room is crowded too. CHECKING IN - Sucks. Its really long. But I shouldn't complain because all the other hotels is just the same. But still. The price might be higher because JABBAWOCKEEZ is here. :]
3	Stayed 4 nights in a Spa room. Love the room, unfortunately didn't get a strip view, but no biggie. House cleaning came only once out of the 3 days....this was disappointing. The pool, oh my....you better show up early or finding a place to lay will be difficult. Also, the lounge chairs are so close to one another. It's ridiculous.....I don't know about anyone else, but I like my space when I'm laying out. Pool service.....we asked a waitress that we wanted to order a drink, she said just raise up the flag located on the chair and someone will come. We did....waited 30 minutes and no one came. Seems the waitresses don't care much about service to us regular folks if we are not in a cabana. The pool itself.....the wave pool was ok....crowded with lots of kids....the lazy river....terribly small. I guess I just expected more. The entire pool area is actually quite small. Location is great though, right next to many of the new hotels. A simple hop, skip, and a jump and you are there. Would I stay here again? Probably not. I haven't quite found a hotel with a pool I like, but I haven't stayed at many...so the search is still on!
4	Really good hotel for the price.  Very luxury looking for a cheap hotel price, which i was suprised how cheap it was to stay there.PRO's-Hotel lobby was absolutly beautiful, chandelers everywhere, checkin fast, free upgrade to strip view but the hotel doesnt have a real good view of the strip anyway =( hallways were very pretty decorated with motown artists, room was very big, comfy beds, old tv though, but bathroom was super nice. toiletries were from their spa which was a plus, double sinks, big closet, and bathtub.  Casino was very nice and super clean, employees nice, awesome food court, and affortable resturants which is rare for a property like this.  good location, good crowd.CON's-parking is terrible, the garage is kind of a far walk, there is a side parking lot that is full most of the time, pool was nice but couldnt use it because no available seats. buffett was kinda of small for the price.
4	Attentive staff. Room service was excellent but pricy. Lots to do to stay busy within the casino, which is now attached to the Aria Resort as well. Awesome pools!
3	Solid hotel for a ridiculous weekend. Let's face it, we're not here to relax and lounge in our hotel rooms. We only need the basics: comfy beds, a semi-spacious bathroom and enough mirrors to put on our faces! Monte Carlo hit the nail on the head. We did have two issues: 1. The check in process took well over an hour due to their servers being down.2. Due to MC's chaotic and poor organization, a group of guests were given access to our room and actually walked in on us. Thankfully we all had our clothes on! :PWhy it took over 2 days for the servers to get back up and running is beyond me! Are there no IT guys in Vegas??We were able to get free entry into the spa/sauna and some credit for room service due to the mishaps. Nice sauna & steam room. Shampoo, conditioner, lotion and other toiletries are available for use. They also have a couple lounge chairs and sofas with veggie/fruit infused water in the spa. Room service was not very memeorable. It would have been nice if they gave us credit for the food court instead- better value and better food! There are a lot of other nicer hotels, but if you're just looking for a decent place to stay, look no further!
4	The Monte Carlo is the practical strip-goer's casino. It is probably the best balance of price and comfort available on the strip. It also offers an extremely high convenience factor when compared to other strip casinos. I'll explain.1. There's a CVS right next door. In a town like Vegas, spontaneous supplies such as sunscreen, sunglasses, water, and Plan B may become crucial to a successful trip. When you stay at the Monte Carlo, your 24 hour CVS is just a quick walk away.2. There's a tram to Aria and Bellagio. If walking is starting to get to you, this tram is your answer. It comes often and quickly whisks you a few hotels north so you can save your walking energy for later. This is especially useful if you need to get to the Bellagio quickly to give someone Plan B or money you owe them.3. You aren't going to be killed by mobs when you walk around. The Monte Carlo is one of the smaller casino resorts and, as a result, doesn't draw a million people who just sit around and gawk at the craziness of the building. If you end up here with a woman screaming at you about some unplanned pregnancy, you're not going to draw nearly the number of stares that you would at the Venetian. 4. The walk from your room to the outside world is very fast. This can be compared to the MGM Grand, where the walk from your room to the strip will take 2 days each way, which is hard when you're dragging someone somewhere while they are trying to make a scene.Oh yeah, internet access is included with your room...but you have to use an ethernet cable because the year is 2003.
3	If you are looking for a plain vanilla hotel on the strip at an average price...this is your girl. I know they have some shows there , but there doesn't seem to be anything that cool going on there. Loved there being a CVS across the street.I have nothing bad to say about it, but I have nothing great to say about it.The buffet had bottomless mimosas...hooked the waiter up with $10 (yeah I know baller hahah) straight off the bat (and $10 afterwards) and he kept them flowing quickly. Certainly isn't the worst place to stay in Vegas.As you pay a resort fee per day you will get internet and gym included in your stay.
4	Very nice.  It is moderately priced, pretty well maintained, and conveniently located on the strip.  It is part of the tram line that runs from MC to City Center to Bellagio.  It's usually not too crowded as a lot of people don't know about it.  As for the crowds, it's not too bad. Since it is a smaller property compared to others it is easy to get around and there aren't tons of people meandering through looking at stuff.  Our room was clean, comfortable, and spacious. We had a nice view of the pool and city center buildings.  For the price, we would return.
4	We were celebrating two birthdays and had a group of 35.  Most were staying at Monte Carlo and a few of us very lucky folks stayed at the amazing Hotel 32.  I've already reviewed Hotel 32 so I won't include any details here.  I really enjoy the smaller size of the casino and was very, very impressed by the lack of smoke on the casino floor.  We rented the executive (party) cabana on a Saturday and Sunday and WOW this is definitely THE way to go with a group our size.  There is a wading pool that's kind of like a moat that surrounds the cabana and I believe is 15-18 inches deep.  Being able to sit in the wading pool with the temps well north of 100 both days was oh so perfect!  We also enjoyed the exclusivity of this cabana as the other smaller cabanas really don't provide that exclusive feel since they are set up in the main people traffic areas of the pool/lazy river.  The cabana service was definitely first-rate.  We can't wait to return!!!
2	Two words:  old and outdated.Pretty much sums it up.  It's great for cheap table games during the day but other than that it doesn't really lure me to stay there.  It has low ceilings in the gambling area which makes the place REALLY smokey and hard to stay long (for someone who gets migraines).  It really reminds me of how Vegas used to be 20 years ago and has never since updated.Plus, I'm sure the real Monte Carlo does not look like this!
1	We just returned from 3 nights in Vegas where we stayed at the Monte Carlo.   What a DUMP!  There were stains on virtually every soft surface - carpeting, the chairs (both in the room and by the elevator on our floor), even the towels.The only good thing I can say is that we didn't pay much.  The total was about $100 per night and there were 3 of us in the room.  This included the booking through Expedia and the $20 resort fee charged for each day.I truly hope the people who have paid full freight get better, cleaner rooms.Here are some other observations:PROS:Fairly inexpensive for The Strip.Pretty speedy service, except at the front desk.Very professional bartenders.CONS:Awful bathrooms - mold in the tub area, no exhaust fan, no bath mat the first 2 days, no light in the shower some kind of residue on the glasses.At check-in, many desks, few people working.  Stood in line 30 minutes.Very little natural light anywhere in the hotel.Worn mattresses.WiFi in the lobby and food court only, did not work very well.Stains EVERYWHERE.  There were several chairs in the elevator area on our floor and every single one of them looked like it had been peed on (or worse).The online tool for checking your bill was cumbersome.Just a reminder - you get what you pay for.  Won't be making this mistake again.
2	I'm a Vegas regular, and thought Monte Carlo was supposed to be one of the nicer hotels ... Not so. Just returned from two nights there, and will not be back to MC. To start I had to change rooms b/c the first room had the carpet along the baseboard completely off the wall - they were nice and quick about changing my room. But, all the rooms need serious updating ... the bathroom was loud (toilet and sink were very loud) and shower was dark and tempramental with hot/cold water. There is no honor bar or refrig in the room, and the surface areas (desk and dresser) are minimal - the furniture was very old and dumpy. The bed and pillows were comfortable - but that was the only decent thing in the room. Oh, and the walls are paper thin ... I could hear the young kids in one adjacent room, and then at 4am I heard the women returning back to the other adjacent room ... and always could hear people in the hall.I picked MC partly b/c of the nice pools (lazy river and wave pool), so my minor daughter could have fun. She did ... but I was very uncomfortable in their pool area ... VERY crowded with lounge chairs - you can't move them, and there aren't tables or even ground space to put your bag, and very few "cabana boys/girls" to help you find a spot. Of course the best spots are the premium cabanas, for premium prices ... no thanks. Also, it's very claustrophic with all the buildings surrounding and encroaching on the pool area. And, to top it all off, my t-shirt was taken from my chair! (Thank goodness my ID wasn't taken, but my shirt had been on top of the chair and when I returned from a spin around the river, it was gone. I checked lost and found numerous times, but it never turned up. Tacky ... I thought the clientele would have been better.)The only highlights were that the food court was decent for families (McDonald's, Rubio's, Sbarro etc.), we didn't have to walk miles to get from self parking to the elevators or pool, and bed was comfortable (when the noise from the hall or adjacent rooms didn't keep me awake). Oh, and they get a decent amount of TV channels including Nickelodeon for my pre-teen daughter. Thank goodness I "got a deal" to stay here ... if I'd paid more than $90 a night (with their bogus resort fee) I would be really PO'd. For now, it's just live and learn, and never return.
1	Nope. Nice amenities, but room Ethernet was bad, wi-fi was evidently hackable (my account was compromised while there), and paid thru the nose for everything.
4	I have to say, I really liked this place. It's a convenient location on the strip. It's not too bad on the price front. It's connected to the tram system. The room was a good a decent size; there were four of us in a 2 queen bed room. It didn't have an amazing view, but it was decent. The food court was standard; I appreciate that they had Subway as a choice rather than just things like McDonalds. There were other places to eat in the hotel, but I didn't get to try those out. There are a few bars as well, not a surprise there, but I did have my own personal favorite one, the Ignite Lounge. It was favorite because there were awesome bartenders that got to know me and always had awesome drinks. I would just say, "Make me something strong and fruity," my standard order, and they would come back with something new and yummy. And they got to know me and my friend and would look out for us.  Also, I have to say, I enjoyed their pool scene as well. It's not a pool party that one can get at places like Wet, EBC or Rehab. But it's not bad; it's chill and there's still a good mix of people there.
5	3 star hotel with 5 star service. Since it was built in the early 90s, Monte Carlo has been my favorite hotel in Vegas. It might not have all the glitz, glamor as the Bellagio, Wynn, or Venetian, but you'll get great clean rooms at decent prices and good service. I like the Monte Carlo because it's conveniently located on the Vegas strip with easy access to shopping, dining and walking distance to all the popular casinos and hotels. Access from parking garage and valet area to main lobby is quick and easy. Not crowded and jam packed with cars like other casinos. The minute you arrive at the main entrance driveway you're greeted with friendly, attentive valet service. Front reservation desk is perfectly located near the room elevators for quick room access (unlike other casinos that make you walk through their main casino gaming area to get to your room...What a hassle, inconvenience!). They've lay-ed out and designed their casino floor plans perfectly, making your stay very relaxing and comfortable. As soon as you come down from your room elevator, you have access to shops and dining, casino gaming, and front desk. No other casino in Vegas provides this type of experience which is why I keep coming back to the Monte Carlo.
2	Just got back today.. 45 minute check in then we had to wait 2 hrs for our rm to be ready.. yes and the front desk put a rush on it. After 2 hrs waiting i got my rm and a compd buffet. We stayed in a spa suite. The view was nice but the room. So not worth being called a suite. Stains everywhere, the floor was wet, carpets dirty. Please don't pay full price for this. I got it for $55 and was worth just that. 2 stars because of the location, the ease of self parking, and something I really look for is ease of the hotel. Very easy access from Ur room to the casino and a quick walk, and Ur on the strip. I would stay again but not in a suite. O and the buffet was gd because it was free. So not worth the $18 for breakfast.Great weekend bad customer service
2	Disappointed with this hotel. Not only was the carpet stained in our room, but there was an ethernet cord and the wifi almost never worked. First of all.... what's an ethernet cord???????? As I'm from Canada it's costly to have my phone on so I do rely on wireless, the ethernet cord basically made my phone an ipod touch. Baring this the front desk, and room service were extremely unhelpful when we were tying to get a cork screw. They wanted to charge us $3 to have the bottle opened, but wouldn't be able to do it for at least 40 minutes. When we asked if there was a faster way they said that we could go to the restaurant to get it opened, but they wouldn't do it either. The check-in process is extremely slow here, I don't think it has ever taken more than a minute to check in at a hotel, but this process took about 5 and the people kept asking the exact same questions. It's in a good location and the staff are friendly, but that's about it.
1	The Worst Way To Start My Bday!!!!The hubby and I went to the Monte Carlo to celebrate my birthday! We get there and the wait umm not to bad. Customer service was good i'll give them that. After 7 minutes we are checked in , and we are ready to head to  the room when we get there it was disgusting!!! Stains everywhere!!! The bathroom had hair on the floor!! Eww can you say gross!!! Ok so hubby calls front desk and  explains the situation and we were transferred to another room... Ok not bad right? WRONG!! 2nd room had pube hair in the shower! stains on the bed , the floor on the LAMPS!!! Like are you serious?!?!I wanted OUT of there!!! This whole process took 3 1/2 hrs!!!!! Off to the MGM we went! I will never stay at the Monte Carlo again!!!!!
4	After staying at many other hotels in Las Vegas, we keep coming back to the Monte Carlo. It has a great location on the strip, with several convenience stores and restaurants nearby. The overall design of the place makes it easy to get around, including a self parking lot near the entrance. The pool is nice, with some options for shady areas. The casino is just the right size, and has a very fun atmosphere without being overwhelmingly crowded. Diablos is a great bar where you can people watch all day, and the Pub is another great in-hotel option near the pool. The rooms are dated (which is why I wouldn't give it 5 stars) but decent for the price.  Overall, a nice well designed place,  with a great atmosphere.
4	1. Not a luxury room but clean room and great price.2. Easy to park if you have a car.3. Wal greens, CVS and ABC store and more stores around hotel.4. Quiet lobby.5. Taxi line is short or no line.6. Free tram to Bellagio7. Food courtIf you wanna stay at a luxury hotel, plz forget about this hotel.It's not a luxury but it's a nicer than Flamingo hotel...
4	Came here for Labor Day weekend. As others noted check in took a while, but seemed to have more to do with the chumps in front of us with endless questions and no clue how key cards worked.Room: not luxurious, but clean and spacious. Stayed on the 14th floor. Awesome view of the pool and the mountains in the distance. King sized bed was verrrrrry comfortable. The bathroom was nothing spectacular and yes, the shower pressure is sorta too strong. Noise: Yes, I could hear people next door and out in the hallway. Additionally there seems to be a pool party on Saturdays starting at noon, complete with very very loud music, jubilant hostess and a hot dog contest! However, this wasn't a deal breaker. I still got a good night sleep without earplugs.A/C worked great. Easy control panel to adjust temperature.Pool:Beautiful, get there early to get a spot in a corner away from the action if you want peace and quiet.Buffet: So-so quality, but filling and we got a discount so no complaints.Concierge services: very friendly & helpful.Taxi stand: never a wait.Cafe restaurant: great breakfast, highly recommend it.Location: awesome location close to everything.Scene: very middle of the road, everyone was here from college kids looking to party to families looking to relax and retirees looking to supplement the SSA income. If you want trendy this isn't your place. If you want a tomb to disappear into, nope.
4	Location, Location, Location! It's right next to city center and close to Planet Hollywood, MGM, etc.I was very surprised by Monte Carlo. I was expecting a budget style hotel (for Vegas anyways) and we got anything but that. The rooms were better than I had expected and have flat screen TVs and a nice ipod hook up for music. The pool was great, we loved the lazy river and the big hot tub. If you're going to be sleeping late keep in mind that the walls are fairly thin and there's also a huge pool party blasting music we could hear from the 22nd floor. I like the casino here too, it's not too crowded and I had fun at the craps table, great dealers for the most part. I would stay at this hotel again in a second!
4	We like the Monte Carlo, it is really reasonably priced, and the location is great. We will be returning there in a month. This is our tenth trip to Vegas in the last decade, it's my favorite place in the world. Our requirements are modest, a decent room, and good location and a good pool, We have stayed at eight different casinos on the strip and when I calculate price, location and amenities the Monte Carlo is the clear winner. We always dine all over the strip, the Rio and downtown. We also get two or three shows in, and there is a half price ticket location just across the street.Round trip air fare from Phil.and 5 nights at the Monte Carlo this year was only $540 per person.  Great deal.
4	I have stayed here a few times over the years and I will say it never lets me down. The price is right for the clean modern rooms, proximity to the action, and the pools. Although I have yet to try, they look fun.
3	I don't think Monte Carlo Is a four star hotel, I think it's more like three stars, the reason for that was1. the room was clean but it's outdated 2. Swimming pool wasn't that clean and also outdated 3. Casino area was clean and organizeGood feature about this hotel are1. This hotel located on the beginning of the strip2. Walking distance to CVS, Walgreen3. Reasonable priceOne thing that they did that really made me thing twice to stay there again, I saw on the website that they provide complementary shuttle bus pickup with reservation. Then on the way back we called and made a reservation for airport drop off and the concierge person Acknowledge it, and we double check to make sure. But then on the time that we getting pickup the bus driver charging us $7.00 a person for the ride and when we called the concierge desk again. They said " oh sorry we don't do that anymore" clearly said on the website and this morning when we asked about it they said its free of charge. They should either update their website or acknowledge it because I think it's unprofessional. Other than that we had a good time in Vegas.
5	We stayed at this hotel definitely no complaints, close to everything room was very good and staff most helpful and price was cheap.This is the3rd time that I have stayed here and would definitely recommend it.
2	We stayed at Monte Carlo in mid August for their great pricing and convenient location. Having stayed at many Las Vegas hotels I would say I would stay here again if I needed to be budget conscious, however, not if I was looking for amenities and service. We arrived at the hotel a little after 1 in the afternoon and waited in a small line, with no organization what so ever. We had two rooms and asked if they could be next to each other.  She was able to place us across the hall from each other. Perfect! The first room was done and she was charging the second room when my credit card wouldn't process. This didn't make any sense because there was a thousand dollars available and they were only charging $150 for the remaining balance. I proceeded to give her two other cards which she could not process either (which by the way were able to be used every where else for the remainder of the weekend) and finally just had to give her cash to get things over with.  When I got back home after that weekend it turned out she had charged me $800 for the first room.One room had a view of the pool and the other room of the parking lot. I choose the one with the pool of course! They have a dj during the day so you can hear music playing but not too loud in the room that you can't sleep in or take a nap.  Decent sized room and a typical bathroom.  Clean and very acceptable, especially for the price.  Luckily, they had a ihome system because we had forgotten speakers for our ipod.  Pretty satisfied for $250 for two nights but then I went to wash my hands and the sink is leaking all over.  I immediately called maintenance and they said they would send someone right up. We needed ice for our drinks so we went to the ice machine and it was broken so we had to go to the next floor.  This ended up being a hassle later in the night when 2 of the other floors ended up being out of ice and we had to visit 4 floors before finally getting some.  No big deal though these things happen.  After going out for the night and when we got back to the hotel room the key wasn't working. Which also happened two other times for both rooms... not sure why, it wasn't next to cellphones or credit cards. In fact, one had only been sitting on the dresser and still ended up not working.  Not being able to get into your room when all you want to do is sleep is sure to get you grumpy.  We get back to the room and find out that the sink still hadn't been fixed and when I turned on the shower the shower head was pointed out and sprayed all over the floor. Simple things to keep guest happy that can be changed.We went down to the pool and it's a pretty nice atmosphere. The lazy river is all we wanted to do and it's $10 to rent an inner tube or $10 to buy a small or $15 to buy a large. I just bought one incase we were going to come back later.  Although, I'm not sure what I'm going to do with it now... There was lots of families and older couples, not really the place you're going to meet a sexy guy or chick. Overall it was nice and relaxing.We didn't gamble at all, though the casino wasn't very happening.  The food court is quick and there is a good variety. The promoters were pushing the lounge, open bar for ladies, we weren't interested though.I wasn't disappointed but I wasn't impressed.
2	I think I had too many expectations. It was a very average hotel. I think for the same price, I would have rather stayed at one of the more elaborately themed hotels. Quick check in and average room. The iHome is convenient for phone charging. The view from the room was horrible (the roof of the parking garage?! yuck). Old windows, the tinted tape was peeling off. Carpet stains and no fridge in the room (I guess that needed to be requested). There was a regular pool, lazy river, wave pool and sand volleyball. The wave pool was too calm and the lazy river as well. The water was extremely dirty and there was trash everywhere. By 5 pm, there was barely any sun in the area as the Mandarin Oriental and Aria blocked the afternoon light. It got cold really quickly. There was a house dj at the pool that made things more exciting. Tube rentals are $10, but there's no room to float. Back inside, there were bouncers pushing the lounge with open bar for ladies. The casino wasn't too packed, not even the Below 5* bar. The shopping area was dull, too. Housekeeping was nice about attending to our requests (such as more towels or coffee). The staff in general was friendly and we didn't have any hiccups. We were misinformed about the airport shuttle service, which was slightly frustrating. They should at least write the fees on the reservation website if they don't mention it on the phone/during check out. The hotels fees for four drinks was more than the beers themselves, which was ridiculous. This place should NOT be called a resort. It was very small and very disappointing with its amenities and services. Overall it is not a place to return to. Especially for a first time Vegas experience, not someplace I'd go to.
1	Bait & switch....  Booked an upgraded room (extra money of course)here for two days.  Room unavailable at check in(their fault not ours) Michelle the snotty front deck person with the i just do not  care attitude said and I quote. 'oh when you book a specific room on line it's a suggestion from our resort you aren't actually paying for that particular type of room or upgrade'.   What!!!! R u kidding me.   She gave us 25 dollar off one night resort fee- which yes they charge. Don't bother with this place. We travel all the time- generally experience fantastic service. Hey room mess ups happen we get it but don't lie Michelle.   Here for a wedding there are about 50 plus here spread out all over town in different hotels    Bellagio, Luxor ,and tropicana etc    Our friend staying at the Luxor was in a similiar position with the room he paid for not being available - completely different outcome   They updated him to a beautiful new room in the west new towers - rooms very plush nice despite its poor ratings   And.... The gentleman at front desk was welcoming apologetic for the mix up etc.  take a lesson Michelle in etiquette and customer retention.  We won't be back and we will be repoting this to the booking sites   By  the way Monte Carlo rroom that we had was  old ,rugs stained, small and well just not that nice.
4	Great hotel, great price, perfect location!!! We will visit here again very soon!!
2	Was due to book into this Hotel but once I saw the rooms I walked straight back out. Haven't been updated in a long time.Staff were very polite and helpful but in would not consider staying here.
2	Upon arrival i noticed the front desk was extremely crowded. I knew we were in for a wait but we never expected to wait soooo long, they definitely need quicker people checking us in.. The only reason I gave this place two stars was because of our awesome bellman. He went above and beyond his duties and grabbed ice for us. ... I think they must have a water problem, shower pressure was horrible!! The worst thing about this hotel which will make me never go back is the pool!! How dare they advertise a lazy river, it should be called the small dirty stream. Water was disgustingly cloudy and beyond crowded because of the size. Come on Monte Carlo fork up the extra money and get better water systems!!!
1	Stayed here last week.   Bad experience.   Requested to move rooms, which could not be done until the next day.    Received a phone call that the room was ready.   Left the pool and went to the front desk.   Computer system was down for several hours and nothing could be done.   So went to my room to shower, and turned on the water, it was brownish orange.   Called the front desk, who said oh yeah we had to turn the water off, it will clear in a few minutes.   NOT!   25 minutes later still a disgusting color.   Called the front desk to complain.   They offered a $50 food credit.   Of course when I received the bill, I didn't get the food credit.   Had to call "accounting" which took another 35 minutes of my time.    Lumpy beds too.  Never going back here again!!!!!!
2	Stayed at the Monte Carlo this past weekend. Monte Carlo had its positives and negatives but all and all I probably would not stay here again.Pros: -Center of the strip (Near NY, NY, MGM, and Excalibur also Tram to Belliago)-Pool DJ was pretty good.-Room service was goodNegatives: -Requested 1 King, but ended up with 2 queens, room had no frig.- $20 resort fee a day when amenities like pool closed at 7pm- rude lobby service.-too many solicitors for their horrible night club "The Brand" got haggled at least 4 times a day.-rooms are mediocre restaurants are mediocre.If you want to be in the center of everything, I would only choose this for the LOCATION.
4	Stopped by here to hang out with our buddies before hitting the clubs during Labor Day weekend.  What I really liked about this place was that the gaming area was really big, lots of games, modern layout, plus lobby areas were all modern too.  What I didn't like was the room, they looked a little old, you can definitely tell they spent a fortune renovating everything except the rooms.  Plus, the place was dead, no one was partying there.  In comparison to were we stayed, at Hard Rock, the lobby was old, but the rooms were nice and modern, plus the place was busy with peeps during the day due to the pool scene.
4	Monte Carlo for my first time ever was good. I'd say I like staying here more than staying at stratosphere since it's right in the middle of the strip. There's also a tram that can take you to crystals and what not. There are so many pools! I wish I had more time to go down and get myself in one of them pool. They also have a volleyball area where you play literally in sand. And from my view it looked as though its white sand? Very clean and presentable set up by the way. Service here was great besides the whole taxi incident when the worker spoke in a very unpleasant tone to us about going to the other side for a taxi. I'll definitely come back if I do ever go back to vegas.
3	Got here on Sunday Sept. 30 and checked out on Tuesday, Oct. 2. The check in process could have been easier if they did the old one line for all. Instead you just kind of had blobs of people hanging around at each clerk's station. And most people seemed to be having major problems checking. But not me - I think it helped I booked directly with the hotel. Anyhoo, room was fine (strip view, 2 queen beds). Nothing filthy like some have written. Walls do seem to be super thin - could hear normal conversation for rooms on each side - tho nothing interesting was said. Did not have a meal here and played only briefly on casino floor - went to bar late at night and was ignored while they waited on others. Played mostly at Planet Hollywood. Room was fine, but other casinos are eager for business, so doubt if I'll ever stay here again.
3	Pros:~ Bell staff (amazing)~ Valet staff (so nice)~ Housekeeping (very courteous)~ Awesome location~ Really cool pool~ Very comfy cozy bedsCons:~ Comforter had stains on it (they came and replaced immediately)~ Our used towels on the floor were put back on the rack instead of being replaced (really?)~ Rooms are a little out-dated
3	I stayed at the Monte Carlo while on a business trip in Vegas. It is a decent hotel, nothing fancy at all. The room is very average, but definitely not the worst hotel room I've been in. The pluses about this hotel was when I booked it I got a free $50 food and dining credit for about 5 of their restaurants in the hotel. I went to The Cafe for two nights and ordered two different sandwiches, both of which were actually really good. So it seems that their restaurants are pretty good. I also hit their gym facilities a few of the nights I stayed and the do have a good, full fitness center with a lot of free weights, machines and cardio equipment. They also have a full spa with saunas, steam rooms, hot tubs, massages, etc. The casino is pretty decent as well and wasn't too smokey at all surprisingly. For $80 a night through the week, I guess this was a pretty decent deal.
4	I enjoyed staying at the Monte Carlo Resort and Casino. I enjoyed the fact that they had a food court with a bunch of my favorite foods. I loved the convenience of it, the person who built the hotel was smart they put the food court right next too the elevators and they knew that the people that would be eating there the most would be the guests of the hotel.  The size of the hotel was perfect! It wasn't too small and it wasn't so huge that you could lost in it. My favorite part of the hotel was the pool area. Monte Carlo has a wave pool and a lazy river, perfect for their hot weather. I just didn't like the fact that it was ten dollars to rent an inter tube per day.Monte Carlo would have gotten 5 stars their service, food, and cleanliness was great but I didn't like the twenty dollar per day resort fee they had. I know they need to make money and all but just charge that amount when you first book the hotel don't do it after your guest has already stayed. I would definately stay here again but hopefully next time there is no resort fee.
2	stayed here because some friends already booked their trip and we wanted to stay in the same hotel.  I had heard good things from several people and was looking forward to it.   There are 2 good things i can say.   The poker room was a ton of fun and the food at Andre's is exceptional.   Here is what i didnt like1. Resort fee.  This is the biggest b.s i have ever come across.  I have never paid this anywhere.   Now it wasnt a surprise because i read about it on yelp but here is the thing.  I never used the internet, pool or gym.  Nor did i even get the newspaper it says we are paying for.  This mandatory resort fee is for the birds!  It was 80.00 extra dollars!   I will only come back to play poker.2. The pool appears nice and looks like alot of fun.  But it gets no sunlight.  It was freezing down there to the point i didnt want to even be bothered.   Sorry MC-not again!
3	Just rating the casino -When Monte Carlo opened, their big gambling push was they were going to feature the european style roulette wheel, with just a single zero instead of the hideous american two zero system pervasive on the strip.  The american wheel gives the house a whopping 5% house edge, the european about half that.  Apparently no one noticed, and the MC is back to the two zero wheels.Worse, nearly all the blackjack is 6/5, with a few 3/2 tables interspersed.  No surrender.  JOB video poker is terrible with 7/5.Craps is 3-4-5 odds.So this is a gambler hostile casino, apart from craps I'd move down to the MGM which is far better.
4	I thought that the Monte Carlo was fine.  The employees were are really nice to us at all times and I thought that the hotel was relatively clean.  The only downside is that the pool is in the shade most of the day, but they have absolutely no control over that considering there are buildings blocking the sun all around them.  They also have a beach volleyball court which is pretty cool.  I would definitely recommend staying at the Monte Carlo.
5	This was my favorite hotel while here. My friend and I hotel hopped. Started out at Stratosphere for two days and ended our Vegas trip at the Monte Carlo. This hotel is beautiful. I love love LOVE the pool! It's calm, older crowd. So if you're expecting Tao or Rehab NOPE! If you expect to relax, read a book YUP lol. This place was definitely a great choice. I would say I would book again but I really love hotel hopping. I mean we had a car so it was easy. I would advise hotel hopping to the people that are able to. Best way to experience multiple hotels in one shot. I wish I could have took advantage of the buffet but next time.
5	The Monte Carlo is a fairly priced, solid hotel. I generally go to Vegas to lay by the pool and relax. I have stayed there many times, and I feel that I get a good value for my money. Rooms are clean, there are a lot of reasonably priced "standard' food choices in their Food Court (i.e. Starbucks, Subway, McD's, mexican food, chinese food), as well as other restaurant choices. It is also a centrally-located hotel, which makes it good if you like to explore without walking for miles at a time. The other thing that's handy is a CVS store right at the front corner of the property, in case you forgot to bring anything, or if you want cheap snacks/bottled water. My favorite part is the pool, though, which is why I usually choose the Monte Carlo. It is a good-sized area, but isn't overwhelmingly huge. It has a lazy river and a wave pool, plenty of chairs at almost any time of day (whether you want shade or no shade), and then a regular pool and hot tub. The customer service is very strong, too! I always rent a cabana or a daybed when I stay there, and the servers are very friendly, helpful and professional. I've only had one issue during the many times I've stayed there, and that was due to a drunk guest at the pool who was getting all up in my business. He threatened me and the Pool Manager was very helpful. He took care of the situation quickly and effectively, and was aplogogetic, even though it wasn't the hotel's fault. Depending on what you're objectives are for going to Vegas, Monte Carlo might be a good fit for you. When you think about what you get for the money, it's a great choice!
4	My friend and I stayed at Monte Carlo on what was my first time to Vegas and I couldn't have been happier with our choice. For the money, this hotel and casino was the nicest, cleanest and classiest of all the hotels in the same price range.
3	Decent business hotel.It's impossible to pick up on the Monte Carlo theme. It's just a hotel with a casino. I've stayed here 4 times previous and the atmosphere was exactly the same each time.Room was fine. Parking garage fine. Food is much too expensive unless you eat at the food court and get yourself a Quarter Pounder.
4	This hotel is a nice little gem in the crown of the city center/aria/ bellagio strip area. The room was fairly clean and served as a good place to relax after the strip. The staff onsite were nice and professional. The housekeeping was just so/so. They ran out of towels one day and made us keep our towels that were dirty. That was disappointing for a hotel this size. The food was decent on the property but I bit pricey for Denny's quality buffet and cafe. The food court was good for quick eats but it was not gourmet just food. I really enjoyed the bell staff, virtual black jack, the sports book, the tram to the bellagio and the nice casino drink servers. I would come back if the price was right.
1	This is a review of the casino/gambling section....Dealers and pit bosses treat you bad.  They assume you know nothing, say backhanded comments while you play.... I do not give them my gambling business anymore.  If you're playing craps here, be prepared for some bad bad joo joo
3	Overall, my stay was a decent experience considering the price and the location.Checking in was a bit of a wait but once we reached the front desk, the staff was very personable and friendly. We arrived earlier than the 3 pm check-in time but they had no issues finding a clean room ready for us. Our room was on the 14th floor which sadly had a terrible view so I kept the windows drawn the majority of the weekend. It was clean and I was happy to find the bathrooms bigger than I expected.I did notice that during the duration of our stay housekeeping came at odd times. Our room was ignored the majority of the day when we were out but was clean between 4pm and 10 pm when we came back. I'm used to housekeeping cleaning at an earlier time but as long as it's done right?There is complimentary monorail system within the resort connecting the hotel to CityCenter and Bellagio. Check the times that it runs though. I tried using it Saturday morning around 8 am and it was not running. We ended up walking to Wicked Spoon for brunch which was fine.The restaurants in the hotel all got less than stellar reviews so I more or less avoided them during my stay. My sister went to their breakfast buffet one of the days and found it lacking especially for its $22+ price tag. Her words were "nothing to write home about." I did like the fact that the hotel was right next door to a CVS which is open 24 hours a day. It's convenient!The daily resort fee includes internet access, gym access and 2 complimentary bottles of water among other things. Use of the steam room and Jacuzzi is not included in the price ($10/person/day). The resort did not have Wifi. The internet access is via a cord on the desk in the room. If you want to ride their shuttle to the airport, it's $7/person so it's nice if you are traveling alone.Overall, it's not a bad resort but I would probably look at the room prices at other resorts on the strip to compare before booking.
4	I came to the Monte Carlo for a business trip and was immediately struck by how good it - wait for it - smells - inside! I'm not kidding - really, they must put something in the air vents to make it smell nice and fragrant no matter where you are. My company takes good care of us when we're out so I had one of the business suites to myself, up on the 18th floor with a great location by the elevators and a really nice view outside. The room was always clean and comfortable, and I had fun ordering room service a couple of times - which wasn't any more highly priced than other four-star hotels. I like the setup of the Monte Carlo with the casino nested between a food court and with several restaurants lining it. It felt very Vegas-y to me, for lack of a better way to put it, like something you'd expect Vegas to be. I was there for business so I didn't get out to really explore the casino and bars, but I liked the atmosphere a lot. My only complaint is that I'm currently dealing with a misplaced charge on my credit card courtesy of the hotel itself - several hundred dollars that shouldn't be there - and I had a rather rude girl from the MGM accounts receivable department smart off to me over the phone. That isn't something I appreciate, but I've got both my company and my credit card company involved, so that will be sorted. Nothing against the Monte Carlo itself, though - the staff were friendly, attentive, and charming.I wouldn't mind staying here again. Good Vegas experience.Also, there's free Wi-Fi - rather, it's included in the resort fee, and it's super fast. Definitely a plus!
1	I stayed here Thanksgiving weekend, and all I can say is that MC is an absolutely disgusting establishment.Granted, MC is your more economical choice for staying on the Strip. I wasn't expecting anything extravagant, but after my experience here I would have gladly put down the $30 extra a night to stay at a decent hotel.  My terrible visit began with the hour-long wait to check in.  I know Thanksgiving weekend is mega busy for Vegas, but come on.  When I finally made it to the check-in desk, I was informed the room I booked was unavailable, and was assigned one equipped with handicap facilities. No big deal.  That is, until I got up to the room, pulled back the comforter, and discovered a pool of BLOOD on the the sheets! It was everywhere and so horrifically disgusting!! I immediately when back down to complain, where I had to wait another hour just to talk to someone.  When I finally did get a hold of a person, they were only willing to change out the sheets.  Uh, hell and no on that! My God, there was BLOOD on that freaking bed!  The MC staff acted like I was complaining about a full trash can or something!   I demanded a room change, even though they kept insisting there weren't any available rooms.  They kept giving off this whole, "What's the big deal?" attitude to the whole situation, which I was not having. Finally, after asking for a refund, they offered to upgrade my room for free.  The new room was decent, (of course though, the bathroom lights didn't work and we had to call and have them replaced) in that there did not appear to be blood on the bed, and since I had already wasted my whole day dealing with the MC staff I took it to try and salvage some vacation time.Naturally, at check-out they tried charging me for the upgrade.  Dealing with MC was a nightmare.  I strongly urge others to avoid this place.  Overall, you really don't save that much compared with other hotels.   Save your time and sanity and go somewhere sanitary.
3	A-OK for what it was. I paid $44 for Wednesday night, and $89 for Thursday night. Not bad. The room is basic. Boring. No frills. We originally had booked a King room, but last minute my friend joined us, so I was able to call the day of check in and switch to two Queens. My bathroom at home is fancier than the one here, but it got the job done. We really had no complaints. The beds were pretty comfy, and I am really picky about beds.The casino is okay. I just play slots, and they had a good selection. I was never asked if I wanted cocktails, so I did purchase one at a sports bar and it was $10, not bad.There is a Starbucks located near the elevators, which was nice. The valet was super quick and we never waited long for the car. Would I stay here again? Maybe if I could get the same cheap rates I got for Thanksgiving. If it would be any more than that, I would just stay somewhere nicer.
1	Not a very nice room for 4-stars.  More like 3.5  FEES.... I booked the room through priceline and got what I thought was a good deal.  When I arrived the hotel added a $22 'resort fee' to my credit card.  What a Scam.
3	Hotel is nice inside and out.   Room decoration and amenities needs urgent improvement, ample parking space and good buffet restaurant inside.Hotel rates we got was awesome and the hotel staffs should attend customer service re-orientation.
4	We just spent Five nights at the MC and i think the place was great. The resort is located central to the sites and attractions, and the room and bedding were nicer than i had expected.  We hit most of the casinos and i seemed to win more at the Monte Carlo.  We visited the other Resorts, and would stay here again or maybe the MGM.        Good Luck!!   Ken C.
3	I've stayed here twice. The last time over Thanksgiving. Yes, the hotel rooms need updating but the condition of the room are in line with pricing. It's reasonably priced and a clean place to sleep. The hotel does have some perfume smell that hits you as you enter the lobby. Overwhelming but thankfully it goes away. The casino is a good size, nice to not have to walk miles looking for people. And not too crowded. The comps accumulate quickly so get a mlife card. The food court options are nice for a quick and cheap meal. The casino cafe was also decent. Unfortunately, not much shopping so unless you only gamble, staying at Monte Carlo can get boring. The hotel staff have been generally nice too.
3	For room to price to location this place isn't bad.
2	Not too bad, my only gripe is that the pool was closed.
3	Ok, if you are looking for a nice, clean, and safe place... Monte Carlo is the place to stay.  And if you want to stay at a super central locations... this is the place.Nothing is fancy at the Monte Carlo, you can't brag about that, its not Bellagio or Mandalay Bay but its inexpensive and the hotel itself has everything you need right inside, even a tram that will take you from the Monte Carlo to the Bellagio, with a stop at the Aria.  The staff are friend and very helpful when you have questions or concerns.
3	Clean and cheap hotel.  However, I knocked off 2 stars because of the lack of sound insulation between the rooms.  I stayed on the 20th floor and could hear my neighbors whenever they talked, watched tv, flushed the bathroom, or used the showers.  And this was from both sides of the room. We also got $50 food credit for our stay, but the several restaurants we went were not open at the time they said they'd be open, like Diablos and the cupcake place.
3	This place is fast becoming a total trough of a hotel.Rooms are haggard and falling apart.  The shower head sprayed everywhere except where it was supposed to.  The rooms are dated the carpet filthy and the bedspread scary.Service is poor and the televisions broadcasts are fuzzy.The Casino however is a different story.  It's one of my favorites and they recently updated the Sports Book making it my favorite in town.  Black jack is most fun on the east end near the strip!  You'll see what I'm talking about =]Great restaurants also.  The food court can become jammed but has a wide variety of selections (McDonalds, Italian, Subway, Chinese).  Also, one of the best steak restaurants in Vegas is located here... The Brand Steakhouse.  GREAT!Attached to the hotel, near the strip is Diablo's Cantina.  A great place for Mexican.  Try the fish tacos!!Gamble here but sleep somewhere else.
1	Our first stay here and it will be our last. We were given an incorrect room at check in, we went back down and had it corrected with no form of apology. The girl at the desk actually seemed upset that I wanted the room I had booked. The carpets are disgusting, the bathroom fixtures are junk, etc etc
1	****BEWARE OF FREE BUFFET DEALS AND LOW ROOM RATES********I booked my stay through Expedia which offered two free buffets only to find out at check-out that they only gave me credit for one. In addition the room rate I paid at Expedia didn't include a DAILY "Resort Fee" of $20. When the checkout person asked how my stay was I replied that it was not what I expected. To this they said sorry, but didn't bother to ask what made me unhappy. Hidden fees and false advertisement will always take my business elsewhere.
1	I am at awe to believe that this hotel is rated 4 diamonds (as claimed plastered onto the walls of the lobby) Where do I start? First, the walls are paper thin. On one side of the wall I hear a couple arguing. On the other side I hear Chinese people arguing at 4 a.m.  The showers are so loud, I mean do I have to know when everyone around me is taking a shower? Second, the carpet and bed sheets are filthy. There were pink stains on the carpet and there were red stains on my bed sheets that I don't even want to guess what it could be. The pillows are probably the most uncomfortable things I've ever slept on. The shower was dripping when we arrived and it has to be adjusted a different angle every time we use it to get the dripping to stop. On top of everything, the hotel charges $22.40 a night for the "resort and hotel" amenities. Are you kidding me? This was nowhere close to a resort experience for us. I think the Travelodge across the street would've been better or just the same experience for a cheaper rate. Never again.
2	Ughhh this hotel needs to remodel their rooms. The bathroom, cabinetries, fittings and bedrooms are very outdated. The showers were probably the worst thing about this place. If you're 6ft tall you probably have dealt with shower heads that are wayyy too low. Monte Carlo is no different. Bottom of the shower head is at 5'9".Even though valet and bell service was nice, they were handled separately. So you essentially have to tip 2 people instead of one. Front desk service, on the other hand, was awful.What this hotel does have to offer is its great location. Right next to a CVS and very close to the city center. Either way, I probably would try another hotel before I came back to Monte Carlo.
1	The hotel room walls are thin...I can hear it all! The rooms are substandard. I'm never staying here again. The staff at the blue man group show are unfriendly. I'm spending $400 to watch a show! At least say "hi can I help you?" Or "thank you".
3	Pretty nice hotel with a great location right next to the new casinos and the City Center. If you want an affordable, clean room, which puts you right on the strip then the Monte Carlo serves that purpose.
1	Hotel room was not clean.... there were coffee marks on the sheet... and.. hairs... we booked 2 nights originally, but end up cancel and switch hotel after few hrs...... they really need to remodel their room... theres no Wi-fi in the room, which sucks.......
5	Came here with my parents for a short Christmas vacation.It's a small hotel on the strip.  Check in was easy and our rooms were in good condition.  The elevators have different sections for different sets of floors so no long lines for all floors at once.  The buffet lines and restaurants were not crowded at all.  This was especially helpful on Sunday where all the other hotels were crowded like an apocalypse bread line.  The fast food area and the convenience store was very close to the elevators which I liked.  Would definitely stay here again!
4	I originally stayed here because it was cheap and because it was for a wedding. I enjoyed it, even though I lost my credit card and fell asleep in the hallway trying to cancel my credit card at 6 a.m. because i didnt want to wake my buddy up who I was rooming with. The staff was cool with my drunken self when they woke me up in the hallway. But I stayed here last week for New Years Eve. I enjoyed my stay here!Pros:Cheapgood selection of table gamesnice roomwalgreens and cvs right next dooreasy accessible semi-center stripworking safe in roomfriendly stafflate night food court. cause when you are drunk at 4 a.m. pizza and mcdonalds is a great idea!Two starbucks which is nice (but can one of these hotels get a damn dunkin donuts****)cons:food is awfulbuffet is really really bad. $30 and you get what chef boyardee would consider a bad meal.Can't move shower head, really annoying!Both times I stayed here did not go into the pool, last week cause it was too cold!I enjoy this hotel because it's cheap. and honestly I was not in my room a lot except for the last night cause I started to not feel good.But I would go back here again!
4	Stayed here a year ago with my pal and we had a good time. I'm a simple girl, as long as I have a room, hot water, and a TV, then I'm all set. Hospitality is big in Las Vegas and that was proved when we got there. We had a snafu when we checked in because my friend got a great deal on Expedia for free buffet during our stay (score!), the check in said it wasn't valid. Huh? So my friend sends a tweet out and faster you can say "Las Vegas Strip." we were upgraded to a better room, our tickets were valid, and the resort fee was waived for half our stay. Sweet.I wish I could tell you more about the hotel, but since I spent all the trip either stuffing my face, complaining about the bright lights on the street (albeit drunk), dodging bullets off Freemont Street, this is a pretty cool place to stay.
5	You can often get this hotel pretty cheap on websites like hotel.com, and it's nicer than other options in its lower price range. One big draw for me was that the casino wasn't smokey or smelly. It actually smelled good if you can believe that, but it's true. POOL: The pool area was busy, and there were several pool options, including a wave pool and a lazy river. It had a family-friendly-Holiday Inn vibe to it, even though there were a lot of drunk twenty-somethings wandering around. The hot tub was dominated by people who would've been great models for Ed Hardy swimwear. ROOMS: Our room was nice with traditional decor. Mostly simple with white and gold decorations. Our room was clean, and the bed was very comfy. On our floor, it was a mix of people wanting to party and families. FOOD: The location of Monte Carlo is convenient to a lot of food options, but if you ever get lazy, the buffet is good and the food court is convenient. DEAL OR NO DEAL: There is the most amazing slot machine ever--The Deal or No Deal Slot Machine--and there is always a long line to play it, but once you get in, it is really fun and pays out well (for the most part.) This elusive machine isn't found in many casinos in Las Vegas, but there is one machine at Monte Carlo.
4	Looking forward to staying here for another business trip in a few months. Clean, comfortable room, everything worked, staff seemed to care about the guests. Never had anything bad at the many restaurants/bars. The location is convenient with the tram and short walk to shops and stores.Casino not nearly as crowded and noisy as others in town. I don't care if it lacks the luxury of some other hotels, for the price it's a great deal.
4	I like the Monte Carlo. It's usually cheaper than the surrounding hotels and the staff have always been super friendly.Now, it's not the Bellagio- but it's definitely not the Circus Circus. You can get a good Vegas experience in the heart of the strip without breaking the bank. I also like that it's walking distance from the other hotels, so hopping from place to place isn't an issue.The rooms are clean, but again, no-frills. For us, we don't spend too much time in the room, we usually wander around, shop, gamble and eat. We're not the club type, so having one in the hotel is definitely not a priority.The casino has the usual slots and tables- but it's not my favorite place to gamble. I prefer heading to the old Vegas where minimums are between $2 and $5. If you go during the week here, they have them, but you're usually playing by yourself. I prefer playing with a crowded table- I think it makes it more exciting (for Blackjack at least...)Valet is sometimes a little bit of a pain- especially around check-out time for hotel guests. We've waited 45-minutes for our car. After being hungover and tired, that is the last thing you want to do. Yes, it's free. But it's much quicker to just park in the structure and do a quick little hike to get out faster.Now, I haven't tried the restaurants on property- however, it looks like they aren't favored by a lot of Yelpers. I usually stick to the binging of buffets to fulfill my hunger.Tip: Check the website and Vegas.com frequently as rates can change drastically from one day to the next.
3	Stayed at the Monte Carlo for the 1st time and i would have to say that the stay was just "OK". Upon entering from the parking level, it didn't smell like cigarette. What a surprise! Check in was a breeze i was in the line for no more than 5 minutes and we got out room.The hotel is easy to navigate if you follow the signs. :-) The casino floor is full of young adults in their mid to late 20s trying to party and get drunk. Oh yeah!We recieved our room on the 30th floor. Pretty high, makes for a great view! The room itself was just "OK". Nothing really stood out. Modern "european" style. My only complaint... loud next door occupants. It was 4 am and they were SO loud i almost wanted to yell "STFU" but eventually they got quiet and got rest.Checking out was a breeze. Drop your key cards off at the elevator box and fill out a form, and they will email you a copy of your folio receipt.Would i stay here again? Probably, but i would try and get a suite for a MUCH better experience.I would give it 3.5 Stars.
4	I did not stay here, but I ended up playing Blackjack in the Monte Carlo casino 2 nights in a row and had an awesome time!  Monte Carlo has the best dealers. They are very personable and entertaining! We ended up playing here for hours. I am hoping to come back to Vegas soon. Monte Carlo is at the top of my list for places to stay!
1	I have stayed there twice.  The second time I stayed and found out that the night life or lounge they called Brand Steakhouse and Lounge is a very tiny lounge which is converted from a regular steakhouse restaurant during day time to night time as Lounge.  The admission fee is $30.  I totally do not recommend to go in.  Don't go in unless it is free.  The DJ isn't that great either.
3	This hotel was nothing special. It looks nice and pretty outside, but the rooms are pretty much standard. Since we booked our rooms late for NYE, this hotel is one of the few hotels that still have available rooms. The room service was mediocre. We needed 2 extra bath towels and had to call housekeeping three times in 1 hour but we never got the towels we needed. My cousins had to settle with the face towels they have to dry themselves. When we got back later that night, we had our towels hanging at a bag outside the room. The next morning, the maid opened our room and yelled housekeeping which is enough to wake everyone up. My cousins were thinking WTF is that. I have never experience that before at other hotels. The one thing I liked with the hotel is that they have a tram that connects us to Bellagio since my brother is too lazy to walk on the strip. Other than that, I recommend Paris more.
1	Never again.My room was not clean, no wifi, the lamps are screwed down to the table and they surprise you with a $20 resort fee.  They say it is for coffee, Internet and 2 bottled waters. I had no coffee cups, 1 bottle of water and a broken Internet cable. Asked for a credit and they refused.  Terrible customer service, the place is totally run down and dirty. This hotel just failed at the most basic levels. It is dirty and tired.
1	Because of a discrepency between Monte Carlo and the booking agency that I used to book my stay, I had to pay for my room TWICE. I paid for the room in advance through the booking agency whom did not pay the Monte Carlo (not my fault!) and instead of the Monte Carlo taking it up with them they decicded that it was my problem and made me pay for my room a second time. I guess this must be their example of "everyone is a VIP". I called to confirm my reservation before leaving and they said that everything looked good. I went to check out and got a surprise bill of over $200 and they wanted nothing to do with helping me resolve the issue. On top of that, the people at the Monte Carlo were not very polite and the window in my room over looking the strip was almost too dirty to see out of. Don't stay here. Don't believe the "everyone is a VIP" nonsense.
2	Just returned from my stay here. Not sure on what planet this hotel qualifies as 4-stars, but the hotel sites are terribly mistaken. Maybe it was 4 star when it opened decades ago but certainly not now.Gross marks on bathroom ceiling when I arrived. Internet required a hard wire (what is this, 1992?!) and didn't work when I arrived. It was subsequently fixed the next day (replaced the old school modem on the floor), but as a business traveler, this was a big problem. iPod playing alarm clock also didn't work and had to be replaced. I had a confirmed and prepaid reservation for a king room and when I got to mine, had 2 queens (for one person). When I called to inquire, was informed that there were none. Beds were not comfortable and I've arrived home in desperate need of a trip to the chiropractor.If you're looking for budget friendly and don't care much about where you're sleeping, you may like this play, but for me, this trip was probably the first and last time I will set foot on that property.
2	My husband and I travel to Las Vegas 3 to 4 times a year from the Seattle area.  We always stay at the Encore and or Wynn.  This time we were meeting friends from TX who were on a tighter budget and they chose to stay at the Monte Carlo, we did not want to stay here but did anyway. We got a suite and hoped for the best. The front desk service is great, the lobby is lovely. BUT the rooms are really run down!  The beds are SO lumpy!  The furniture has cracks in it, paint is peeling, glass is chipped.  The couch in the suite looked like it was left over from an old 70's party and dropped off at the curb and the monte carlo thought it was a good idea to put it in their rooms.  Gross! The casino was TERRIBLE!!!  The smoke was SOOO bad and the dealers were some of the RUDEST I have ever ever ever dealt with.  They didnt laugh, they didnt talk and they would hush people and ask people to leave if they were too loud etc.  One lady told a guy to leave her table now!  And he was just trying to make conversation with him.Dont even get me started on the Cocktail Waitresses.  They were all Grandma Moses and slower than molasses.  It took us 45 minutes to get ONE drink.  So we started ordering two at a time. We finally had enough after just the FIRST nite in the hotel and we decided to take a cab down to The Encore to gamble.  No smoke, great casino, wonderful dealers, NO kids... heaven!! We wont ever stay here again.  They need to update this place.  Its just disgusting! The ONE good thing is that The Cafe had good breakfasts at a reasonable price.  Kind of like a Dennys but nicer and right in the casino.  And as I said the front desk was great and the room service crew was nice but otherwise AVOID this hotel! You would be much better staying at the Vdara and or Aria which are newer and cheaper and have better tables, food, dealers and rooms!
4	I had not stayed here for a while. I was able to get a good rate on Hotels.com so I tried it again.  Aside from the resort fee, I have to say, not too bad. I stayed in a suite with a king bed and 1 1/2 baths.  Large and spacious. 11th floor.  Nice view of Aria.  And with my stay I received two buffet passes.  Pretty darn good and that countered the cost of the resort fee.One thing I didn't like, though was this couch in the middle of the floor between the bed and the television/dresser. Became annoying after a while. It was just in the way.  Bathrooms were nice.  Shower, though, needs a new shower head.  And as with most Strip hotels, there is wear and tear.  This shower needed some grout.  Plus, a sink was slow to drain and when I took out the stopper, it had hair plugging it.  Yuck.Check in was easy.  Even though there are a lot of people in line to check in at any time of the day, it went pretty quickly.  Monte Carlo has some good restaurants and the floor layout is easy.  But there are a lot more choices for food next door at NYNY. Valet service was excellent and very convenient.Overall, nice stay.  Monte Carlo isn't so large that everything takes forever to get to, like the MGM.  Yet, it isn't so small that it feels crowded.  I could see myself staying here again.
2	Have to agree with many others who don't feel Monte Carlo fits the AAA 4-star ranking the hotel boasts (the rooms don't even have the La Quinta-standard hair driers). We just finished checking in and, though the staff has been friendly, it was frustrating to find out our reserved room with a king bed was not available and we were put in a room with two queens. Considering we reserved online directly through MC, one would think that we would be guaranteed the room that we reserved and called to check on earlier today. Kind of an immediate 'back-to-earth' event that reminds you you're just another customer, not the 'valued guest' that they try to sell. They said they would move us tomorrow but, now, that gives us one more 'to-do' at the hotel when we would rather be out exploring the area.
3	This is my second time staying at Monte Carlo...last time ive stayed here was about 3 years ago before the renovations to the shops and etc. Plus its also  because i went to bigger hotels like cosmo to stay at  (yes i am quite bougie on hotel rooms- dont hate :P )..esp if i can spend a lil more..i would get much more amenties.  My last stay 3 years ago wasnt so bad and it was quite decent at a fair price. I never mind it because it wasnt a circus circus. So for this past stay...my bf and i decided to a trip to LV on a spontaneous/just because trip. Price was fair around 114 bucks for two nights..not including the annoying $20 resort fee. I did recieve 2 buffet passes since i booked it on expedia and their big belly buffet is amazing! even better than the higher end buffets like aria's. the front desk was very personable and friendly...i love it when i can get great customer service and have a mini convo rather than a angry chick typing away and youre silent for 15 mins. at first she said there was no room availiable for a 1 king bed...which i found a lil weird because i arrived around 230 so yes its a half an hour early but not even a common room like that? i guess. they only had a double bed open and i asked if i were to upgrade to a suite how much it would be...but it wasnt really much a discount..even though i was willing to pay for a upgrade..just didnt seem worth it because i felt as if it wasnt a great of a discount..if i went on expedia.com then yeah maybe.  i asked how long it would take for my original standard king bed room would be and she said "oh it could be hours and hours."wth. why in the world would be hours and hours?! thats cray. mhm, i went there..a lil ghetto in me came out.so i was getting frustrated because it was like going back and forth with options. she looked further into her computer and found a king sized bed but it was a handicapped version of it out of nowhere. i didnt get how it just magically opened up but i took it because i didnt want to wait for hours and i wanted to get my drink on already.the room was average, better than tropicana, better than excalibur's...one lamp had a lightbulb out, rusty stains in the bathroom, keyboard for the tv didnt work, one of the comforters had a torn hole in them, toliet and bathtub water pressure were super hard! (it was scary flushing your shit down because it felt like it would suck your ass and whole body too!), and other small cosmetic flaws...but even with that i was okay with it because like i said it was a just because trip and it wasnt like i was celebrating an anniversary or a bday..so for the price thats what i got. the hotel was at a great location in my opinion..in middle, we used the tram everyday of our trip..great transportation, shops are decent, buffet is amazing, clean casino, clean rooms, self parking lot was breeze (minus the construction) and a good atmosphere..i just wished there was a lil more to see.i would love to try their hotel 32 if i could afford it one day haha.
2	This was my first time staying at Monte Carlo. We were in Vegas for a family reunion and the fam wanted to see Blue Man Group. When I looked up Monte Carlo on Orbitz and some of the other travel sites, it showed 4 stars. My BAD for not checking Yelp first!We traditionally do not stay in less than 4 stars, especially since this was a family reunion and I wanted it to be nice. I thought "why not stay at Monte Carlo so we can watch the show and not jump from hotel to hotel?". WORST. MISTAKE. EVER. I was so embarrassed. :( It's an MGM resort but definitely not MGM standards.We checked in at 2am and were greeted by an agent who couldn't crack a smile if we paid her. Then, we were put in a room that had a broken fire alarm, reeked of plastic, and looked like a Clarion hotel. At 2am, we had to switch rooms only to find issues with the room again. Missing stuff and remotes not working, etc. We were so exhausted it wasn't worth it.I checked with the family on the other rooms: there were paintings missing leaving a barren room with holes in the walls and the inside toilet paint had worn off. It was so embarrassing that I had booked this hotel for family.The only good thing: it was fairly clean. Monte Carlo needs a complete makeover with a new look and should definitely improve the experience. I will not go back again.
3	I booked the hotel after having got a good deal with southwest vacations. So, I would write the review with that in perspective. I and my wife booked this for a 3 nights stay. I love the location of this hotel. You can walk to quite a few casinos around and the RTC buses stop right in front of the hotel. The casino, the restaurants and the shops and bars are all quite decent. The external to the room facilities in the casino/resort are quite alright. The room, maybe it was the rate that we paid, it wasn't the best. It looked like one of those regular extended stay hotel rates. It was nothing worth writing home about, no wow factor, just another hotel room. We wanted a king bed, but got 2 queen beds, so one bed ended up being our clothes pile! The bathroom was so very normal and under lit. The shower area barely had any light falling on it. The toilet paper used was amongst the lowest quality, not what you would expect to find in a 4 star resort. I sort of started to think that we should have paid that 200$ extra for 3 nights for a Cosmopolitan or Aria. But for the price and the location, I have to give it a 3 star, especially considering the fact that you are going to be out most of the time in Vegas :D..
2	Two stars because its right next to diablos and for $20 you can drink all the beer you want from 9-12. Other than that they have no other place open after 11pm to eat. They charge a stupid hidden fee $20 each day resort fee that they could of included in the package that me and my wife reserved for. The pool sucks lots of immature people I've seen a family at the pool side minding their own business and a few people acting inappropriate with no respect or caring who is around. No wifi too.they have a radio where you can sync your iPod in but no wifi wtf?
3	Stayed at Monte Carlo in January 2013 for three nights. I was looking for the best priced hotel in the middle of the strip. I paid $80 per night and could have gotten a better deal if there weren't so many conventions that period. But basically, I was happy with the room I got and the price I paid. It's right next to City Center which was what I really wanted to see.
3	I booked this hotel for my companies annual meeting.  The sales department was very professional and easy to deal with.  The casino has good location close to the City Center and almost in the middle of the strip.  On most vacation search engines Monte Carlo is listed as a 4 star hotel.  Prices were very reasonable for this resort and casino and shops are nice. The gambling areas are not crammed together so you dont get that hemmed in feeling.  The rooms are very large, but are pretty no frills as far as I was concerned.  A keurig coffee brewer, two bottles of water and a flat screen tv were the highlights as far as ameneties are concerned.  One huge flaw of this hotel is the lack of WiFi and their ethernet internet access is not covered by the resort fee charge.Overall this is a good value casino.  As part of the MGM family you can stay here and take advantage of MGM's frequent free show ticket promotions.  Monte Carlo and Luxor are the two cheapest 4 star hotels in the MGM group and probably on the strip.  The guests staying at Monte Carlo were not the rowdy low brow bunch found at the Luxor, so if you are looking for a decent place to stay with good location and good prices, Monte Carlo is a good candidate.
3	I remember when Monte Carlo opened in the late 90's along with New York New York , Bellagio, Paris and Mandalay Bay during the final family friendly years and the start of, "What happens in Vegas, Stays in Vegas". Unfortunately the Monte Carlo doesn't live up to it's theme except for the exterior part but it just another average hotel on the strip. Usually I stay at the Mirage, Bellagio and Paris and compared to them, this is just another average hotel in my book.My hotel room was just plain average with outdated decor and fixtures but it did the job and the prices is right for budget travelers minus the room tax, resort fee and the tax on the resort fee lol. I didn't get to try to pool so I can't review that. Dining options here can be casual to upscale, the food court is an excellent open with the Panda Express and Subway and you can take an indoor tram from the Monte Carlo to Aria to Bellagio without walking out in the intense heat or extreme cold. It's location is in he midst of the Vegas strip and not too far from the popular Cosmopolitan, City Center and Bellagio but I prefer to start further up towards Wynn and Caesars Palace.
4	just spent four nights here,,,,,,,,very nice service,,,,nice room,,,,good food,,,,,,reasonable rates,,,,,,close to lots of attractions,,,,,,,a  ++++++only trouble was ethernet for the web,,,,,,,but they said that on the web site,,,,,,might be a good idea to have the connectors to plug in to the usb port on all laptops,,,,,,,should be able to have those for sale on site,,,,,
3	Our stay here was a mixed bag that started with good first impressions of the lobby and check-in process. However, it was as we used the facilities that cracks started to appear. Picture frames broken yet rehung. Counters cracked in the bathroom. Then the mis-functions - first wi-fi, erratic and slow, then cabling unplugged or disconnected. Even though we were on a non-smoking floor, both rooms had their smoke detectors covered with shower caps.The bed and bedding were nice, however, and the floor quiet. All in all, a mixed bag. Just take the lobby luxury with a grain of salt. This hotel has seen better days.
4	For the price, this place is great. Party of 3, spending about $40 a night per person for a great hotel, great location, perhaps one of the best locations on the strip! Buffet is not that good but you can get a good deal if you go to a discount booth where they sell discount show tickets. We got in for brunch for 12-13$ and the food was mediocre but fairly good value for the cost. Lost of variety.McD, Rubios, etc in the downstairs lobby for cheap food if you like. Also Monte is one of few places with $5 blackjack tables so if you want to do that this is the place!A complaint though is shitty wifi and shower head was not the best but still overall pretty great.
2	Everything about Monte Carlo seems dull. The various shades of grays and browns reinforce that. The table layout is okay, but the tables were packed and understaffed. They had cheap entertainment playing good music, but more of a runway model than a dancer. Still seemed lifeless. Think this is a more upscale version of Imperial Palace/Quad.
4	The Monte Carlo is very 'generic' as far as hotels go on the Las Vegas Strip. This definitely does not make the hotel bad, but you can find a much more vibrant and exciting atmosphere at any of the other casino's around it. The place is huge, and the rooms are fairly large and clean, and the views are awesome. If you're looking for something nice and a little more pedestrian, then the Monte Carlo would suit you just fine. One big plus is it's location near Aria, the MGM Grand, New York New York, and the Bellagio.
1	My husband and I were guests at the MGM "Monte Carlo" resort from Saturday (2/16) through today (2/20).I would like to outline for you our experience and how in the future we will steer away from MGM resorts in the future.We stayed at this resort because my husband was attending a conference and it was convenient for his meetings.  Comments:1.  Baggage.  When we arrived, the bellman took our bags and said they would be brought up after we checked in.  He did give us a receipt.2.  Check in.  We arrived at the hotel at about 11 AM.  There were about 20+ people in line so we elected to go to lunch first. We had a nice lunch in the Cafe.  When we went back to check in, the line had dwindled by 50%+.  When we checked in, the clerk did not offer us an upgrade and did not mention the "M Card"  just basically gave us the room key.  We mentioned that that the bellboy had the bags and she said matter-a-factly that we just needed to call once we got to the room.  3.  Room Quality.  The "standard room" was very disappointing.  The bed and pillows were uncomfortable.  There were not enough outlets in the room for us to charge items.  2 Keurig pods and no real cream was chintzy. Shower was small.  4.  Baggage part 2.  After traveling for 10+ hours to get to the room, we called for our bags and was told that we needed the receipt.  In the haste of getting to the hotel, we misplaced the receipt. We were told that we would need to come and identify the baggage and after speaking to a manager of that department, was told that we would have to come down and that there were 3000+ guests, clearly, no VIP treatment here.  After finding the receipt, I was surprised by this practice since the receipt had my NAME clearly on it. AND THE BELLBOY could have checked the ID. Instead I was inconvenienced.  WHY THE BELLSTAND AND THE FRONT DESK don't coordinate so bags magically appear in guests' rooms, I don't understand.5.  Restaurant.  While we had an ok experience the first time in the cafe, our experience yesterday was awful. We arrived a bit before 8 and waited for table for 15 minutes. After we got table, we waited for server for almost another 10 minutes. We immediately ordered and the food arrived at 8:51.  The bill was never presented. And after we had to rush eating, we left at about 10 minutes later. The person who claimed to be the manager couldn't find bill.  We left a low tip and explained why and he was not apologetic at all. He felt the need to pull the receipt and act argumentative -well your order didn't go in  until....The point was this was a hotel serving 3000 guests, making eggs, isn't that complicated and once again we learned that the customer is NEVER right at MGM.6.  Front desk part 2.  We went to the front desk to add the "M Card" my husband had enrolled for online to be hooked to our stay.  The girl was very confused by this.  He pulled it up on his phone and it had a number.  She said she would do it.  When he asked for a spa visit to the venitian be added, she didn't understand and got argumentative.   She said "She couldn't be responsible for other people's actions"  What kind of team building do you have?  Clearly she won't ever be in charge of anyone's else's actions and she should be terminated immediately.  Argumentative yes, helpful, no.7. Gym/spa.  Very bad.  Really is this a holiday inn?8.  Cleaning Rooms.  Yesterday, we left our room at 7:45 and went back at 1:45.  During this time, maid service had not come. 9.  Front Desk Part 3.  When standing in line to check out, 2 check out clerks waved for me to come to them. I went to the closest one. She looked at me confused and I said what, she goes "I thought you were going to him"--Like she didn't realize her colleague was also waving at another customer who stood in front of him while she was saying this to me.  She proceeds to pull up the account and stating each and every charge--you have a starbucks, a dinner here, a gift shop there, etc.....INSTEAD of printing the bill and letting me look at it.  Very bizarre indeed.  The point of these comments is to let upper management know that we definitely were not treated like VIPs, that your staff was argumentative, unfriendly and not helpful.  Will not recommend your resort anywhere.
2	Old hotel, everything outdated, nothing impressive. It was actually not that memorable. The hotel is set back a little from the street, so you feel like you're never reaching the hotel door. The casino was old and our dealer was a jerk. He assumed no one knew how to play roulette & spoke as if we were children and reminded us when to make bets. Never visiting this hotel/casino again.
4	Great place at great prices!
3	This was our second Vegas hotel, our first night was at the Bellagio which will forever be burned into my memory as one of by best hotel stays.With that said the Monte Carlo is a standard hotel IMO.  One gripe is that we paid for an upgrade to have a room with a view and there was no view.  Hey Monte Carlo - a high floor facing away from the strip is not considered a view just so we're clear!This hotel is out of date withe electronics in a massive way.  You have a hard line Internet line that doesn't work (too loose for my lap top) and no wifi.  The outlets were not close and were all used by other electronics so if I wanted to charge my cell I had to unplug something to plug in my cell, very inconvenient for the modern person.  The hairdryer is in a bag at the top of the closet like it's a game of "where's the hairdryer".  Who wants to play that game with wet hair?  Not me!The beds are not the most comfortable in the world, I've had better.  Check in and check out was a breeze.  Overall a fine hotel experience although I think I would error on a higher quality hotel on the strip instead with more modern upgrades for those of us living in the 21st century.
3	Solid hotel that gives a decent balance of price, location and amenities.  Monte Carlo is a pretty good option if you are looking for an affordable, yet some what nice place to stay in Vegas.  Its much nicer than The Imperial Palace...now dubbed The Quad (but it will the IP to me forever!).  The rooms are decent... or at least they were at one time.  Our room had a slight run down feel to it.  The power socket next to the desk was broken, the wall paper in the bathroom had seen better days but still I felt comfortable there.  There was no closet just a cabinet in the room, nor was there a fidge or wifi (though there is wired internet).Amenity-wise there are a row of shops and a food court, both of which were a tad on the small side and the casino floor itself felt a little limited, but proximity-wise you are close to everything so its easy to hop around to the hotel of your choice.Overall, had a good stay and would probably stay here again.
5	very nice
4	This was the first time staying in this hotel and we really liked it. Mind you, we did manage to get a Diamond Suite on the 20th floor for a pretty good price so that could be swaying the number of stars! The suites are located near the elevators so no long walk down the hallway to get to your room. It was a nice size unit with a separate bedroom. The bathroom had the biggest jetted tub I have ever seen in a hotel! This room had wi-fi so that was good as well. Higher-end finishings but were a little old and could use an update.
2	I have stayed at several hotels in Vegas, from the Cosmopolitan and Wynn to Harrah's and Circus Circus, but this was probably one of the worst stays. I booked the room through Expedia, and it was very decently priced, or so I thought. It turns out that the Monte Carlo is cheaper than other luxury hotels because they charge you for everything! - Waited about 15-20 minutes to check in. Employee was very rude and made an unfunny joke about my last name (I'm Asian)- Friend asked me if they had wifi, employee told her very rudely that she should ask him directly- Room was decent size. 18th floor, great view of City Center. - No minifridge (would be an extra charge)- Room safe could only be used if you swiped your credit card- Room looked older, inconvenient outlet locations, some did not work- Room lacked lighting. Bathroom was very dark since there was only light near the sink. Shower area was very dark. - Hotel fee of $20 a day, plus 12% tax on that fee. This is supposed to cover 2 Keurig coffee cups, 2 half size bottle of waters, newspaper, in-room internet (Ethernet, they don't have wifi here), etc. You only get these things if you have the staff come and clean your room.- The coffee maker was pretty annoying in that it did not recognize the glass cups they provide. They will only recognize coffee mugs. However, when we called the staff, they said we would be charged EXTRA for coffee mugs.- The room also does not have a corkscrew, so we had to order one for $4.50 plus tax from the hotel. Our $4.86 corkscrew http://i.imgur.com/oIggWgX.jpg- The bed sheets (http://i.imgur.com/hsa3FTN.jpg), pillowcases (http://i.imgur.com/63A3HJj.jpg), and towels (http://i.imgur.com/W6Oi40d.jpg) had stains- The carpet did not look vacuumed, as I found many sequins on the floor along with a Victoria Secret price tag- The walls for the room were VERY thin. I could literally hear every conversation from the neighbors crystal clear. I could even hear their alarm going off at 10 AM. Other than that, the casino area was fine, and there was a food court with McDonald's etc which came in handy when we wanted a quick meal. Great central location with easy access to Aria, Bellagio, etc. Overall, I honestly had a better stay at the Circus Circus hotel than here. I expected much more from a hotel with a 4 diamond rating. I wouldn't even put this hotel in the same ranking as the New York New York or the Paris hotel. Would not come here again.
4	We had a great stay here, a few issues when we it initially booked into our room...tv wasn't working, no room service menu etc, but they were quick to fix them and upgraded us to a deluxe room for the remainder of our stay. Beds were comfy, room servicing was lovely, casino staff really friendly. The spa and gym are beautiful. It's a great hotel if your looking for something central and affordable, I would definitely  stay here again.
4	Had a family reunion + we all stayed at Monte Carlo. Everyone was pleased. Nice place, quality rooms, excellent restaurants in the hotel. Fitness Center is really good, too. We will stay there again.
3	Not a bad place considering location and price. Was expecting the Monte Carlo to be bigger. Huge props to the comfortable beds and friendly service. However, no fridge in room, average shower, connection problems with TV, blah casino scene. I'd probably just spend more $ and stay somewhere else unless tight on money.
2	As far as the rooms go, I've stayed in nicer Motel 6's. We got a standard two queen bed room. There is NO WI FI available in the rooms; only in the food court and the business area. Horrible showers! Ours only half way worked. Most of the water came out of the bath tub spout rather than the shower head. Location is good. Love the tram that is above Aria (attached to monte carlo!) it takes you to the Ballagio in about 5 min.
3	Oh man... my second time in Vegas and it's going to be one that I will never forget for too many negative reasons. First off, we got to the hotel and checked in. Surprisingly really busy... tons of people seemed to be checking in at 9pm. Here comes *strike 1*: we ask the lady at the front desk what the wifi password was. She proceeds to ask us "what password? our wifi is open", so naturally, I went "YES! free wifi in the rooms", when she proceeded to say "oh, no. We don't have wifi in the rooms. We only have wifi in the main lobby here and in the food court". Wiped the smile off my face. Right away. Just a little back story, I wanted to travel light so I traveled with my tablet and I was doing a lot of the social media work remotely. Couldn't really do that now because the internet in the room was only connectable via ETHERNET CABLES! Seriously bro? Ethernet cables? I think the Monte Carlo missed the coming of the digital age because event the Super 8 motel has wireless wifi. LAME SAUCEAnywhooos, we got our keys and went up to the room. It was your standard room with 2 queen beds, a tv, bathroom- the usual. The beds were very comfy. Bathroom? Meh. It was your average bathroom... nothing that really surprised me. The shower heads were surprisingly VERY powerful, which made me happy. Here comes *strike 2*: went down to use the wifi in the main lobby just to make a quick FaceTime call via. I was under the impression that the wifi was going to work because I was told that it only worked in the main lobby and the food court. WRONG. can't even get a decent connection in the main lobby. and for *strike 3*: room service takes an awfully long time for low periods during the day. I would call for blankets and pillows at 10pm, when I anticipate that not many people would be calling for these items at that hour of the day, but apparently room service's phone was ringing off the hook because I wouldn't get the items until 45 minutes after I called for them! I also had to remind them that I called... and then they'd finally come. I would not stay here again. The location is great, but for the price you pay- so not worth it. A resort fee for internet? There was no internet in my room./end rant.
3	Of the hotels I have stayed at in Vegas, I would rate this one as average.  Nothing spectacular.  We arrived in the morning hoping to check in early.  No such luck.  Went and had lunch and while there, I received a text my room was ready.  Went back and it was, however, the people we were with, their room was not.  And this was at almost 300 PM.  So, we all went to our room and hung out until their room was ready shortly thereafter.  Anyway.  Hung out at the pool area some, it was average.  Drink service was kinda slow, although the towel service was super friendly and the pool was nice to take a quick dip in.  Room was nice, but nothing amazing (we stayed in a Monaco Suite).  The wi-fi was painfully slow, which was annoying.  Gym was nice, but kinda small.  And various machines were broke while we were there.  The spa looked nice, but I did not get any treatments done this trip.  There was an amazing yogurt place called Yogurt In that I tried while there.  AWESOME.  Try the peanut butter.  Also ate at Diablo's, which was a fun vibe and super yummy (try the veggie burrito and chips/salsa).  We hung at Ignite one night and had an awesome time people watching.  Drinks were yummy there.  Hotel was very hard to get in and out (tons of traffic).  Weird location that was very busy on the Strip.  Anyway, if you can get a deal, stay here.  If not, there are better Suites on the Strip for sure.
3	Room was ok,service was average,not a bad hotel on the strip...
4	I have stayed at this hotel twice and was satisfied for the most part. One thing that really ticked me off the first time was the daily resort fee. I am pretty sure other hotels have this as well but it really stinks because I booked through www.Priceline.com and there was no mention of the fee. Anyway, I had no complaints about the room - view was decent (depends which side you get) and they do have a nice pool. Actually, two pools and also a wave pool, which was pretty fun. The hotel also has a food court which is nice to be able to grab breakfast & Starbucks in the morning. The Monte Carlo casino is also a good one - plenty of tables & slot machines. Also, the hotel is located in a convenient location on the Strip. Overall, I would recommend the hotel. Not sure if I would stay there again only because I want to see what the other hotels have to offer.
3	I've stayed at the Monte Carlo 4 times now.  I like the location.  I like that for the strip, you can usually get a $10 blackjack table and I've even seen $5 on off hours.  The pool area is good with a wave pool and a lazy river.  Restaurants not so much, but you can go elsewhere to eat, and I find that the best restaurants are off the strip anyway... Lotus of Siam, Weiss' Deli, Bachi Burger, Grimaldi's Pizza.  Unfortunately this last time, my buddy got sick and we spent a lot of time hanging out in the room.  This is not where the Monte Carlo shines, unless you are in one of the penthouse floors with a strip view.Just your normal room is very basic and since it was NCAA March Madness time, the place was full.  Our room was on a lower floor (14) and kind of old looking.  Our first room had beds so soft that I swear they were 20 year old mattresses and the room smelled like it hadn't been opened in a while.  They switched us right away, when I complained and the new room a few doors down was only a little better.  The next morning we went to make coffee and, the coffee machine had mold growing in it where you put the water.  Glad my friend checked, I never would have.  Who knows how many other people hadn't.  Apparently there was something wrong with the lock on the door and maintenance just showed up unannounced saying something was showing up as "not locking" on their switch board.  Hmm was that like that all night?  I guess so.  A day later, the kick plate of the door came completely off with screws sticking out.  Seems to me, this part of the hotel is beyond old and run down.  All Low Def TV stations, even though it's an HDTV.  WIRED internet?  Who uses wired internet anymore?  What is this Y2K?  Our iPads were useless.  Having to just use my iPhone for internet, the 3G was very spotty on this floor and even calls were getting dropped.   I know these high end casinos on the strip don't want you to stay in your room very much, so it's not an accident they don't have your basic comforts that a normal Days Inn has, And you are in Vegas, you SHOULD get out of the room.  But since my friend didn't feel well and I wanted to spend time hanging out with him,  It just really brought to light what a crappy room the Monte Carlo has.  Especially at $200 a night (March Madness price - it's normally way cheaper).  Made me really wish I had spent the extra and stayed at the Venetian or the Wynn on this trip.
3	Not the fanciest hotel, but a great mid price option. The rooms are acceptable and the location is key so I'd stay here again!
2	Noisy hotel.  My room was next to the service area and the noise was from the staff was horrendous through the thin walls.  I called the manager and she just apologized and said she would talk to the staff but nothing changed the following nights.  Most likely the last time I will stay here because I actually like to sleep in hotels I stay in and this one did not cut it.
2	The first time I visited Vegas was in 2005, and this place was supposed to be some hot stuff. This time around, it is not any more. The place is so run down. The only nice thing about it is the lobby.
2	Over the past 14 years, I've stayed at this hotel 1, 2 or 3x a year. The past couple years it started to seem that it's not as nice as it once was. I decided to give it one more shot last week for my spring trip to Vegas. Disappointing. Had to switch rooms the first night due to construction noise, then our new room was next to a crying baby next door. Walls/doors seem paper thin and you hear everything. First room seemed more up to date than our second room--poor air conditioning, old decor, peeling wallpaper, broken lampshades, sink, etc. Something in the room gave us hives--not sure what would cause an allergic reaction in there...When dealing with front desk staff, they were just okay. We checked in at 1am, after waiting in a line a long time, and I had still had to pay a $20 daily resort fee for that day, that I didn't even use the resort. I asked to have the charges taken off--I was told no. I asked why. "Just a policy." Then I asked for a later check out--was told no and I had to pay the stupid resort fee for that day too. What a waste of $40!Pool area crowded, pool staff was okay. Not worth the $20 a day "resort fee." Monte Carlo disappointed me and after staying here about 25-30 times, you think we'd be treated a little better. Not so much. I won't be staying here again....no loyalty to this hotel.The only positive thing I can say is that the cleaning & maintenance people were polite and friendly in the hallways!
2	This place used to be nice. It's not that great anymore. Rooms are run down, hard to sleep with all the noise in the halls/rooms next door, & staff is just okay. And you have to pay a mandatory $20 resort fee each day. This fee gets you 1 K-Cup, 1 small bottle of water, and access to the crowded pool (good luck getting a chair...)/workout center. Not worth it.
5	Good price for a beautiful hotel in the middle of the strip.  Love this place!!  The lobby was clean and the lines for the front desk went fast!We politely asked for something close to the elevator no matter the view and they gave us a room by the elevator with a great view!!!  Bonus on Customer service!
2	The Monte Carlo is somehow easily overlooked.Sure the location on the strip is ideal, but somehow its tucked a bit back and even though the fountains and design are beautiful from the front, inside its missing its shine.It needs a serious facelift. Almost like a ghosttown inside, old people, dirty floors, fairly empty, it was missing that Vegas spark. What a shame, I hope they put some money in this place, it could really shine.
3	I wish I could be a fan cause I think it can have what it takes. I would definitely recommend this place. The lazy river is awesome. The tram is convenient  and not too many people know about this. Housekeeping is awesome. Rooms are nice. now let me tell you where i was disappointed. there is no WiFi in the RESORT FEE neither is the sauna in the gym AND neither is checking email in the business room they want to charge you for everything. They did have wifi in the food court but lets face it, who wants to sit in a very LOUD and smelly atmosphere to use the internet and or do work.  while everyone watches you. But I guess i should have looked this up before I made reservations. overall its still a nice hotel and great location.
4	I was in Vegas for work and extend my stay for a personal vacation. I was staying at Aria for the event, but moved to the Monte Carlo because it was much cheaper. Though not as modern as some Vegas hotels, this hotel was very nice for the price and location. Tip - book through the website. It was cheaper for me than calling them - don't know why. If I go back I would stay at this hotel again.
4	Just came back from an amazing stay at Monte Carlo! Rooms were average but the customer service was beyond excellent. Everyone from the front desk, to the housekeepers, to the bell stand, to the pool staff were beyond friendly and helpful. They were always smiling and pleasant!  Definitely want to make mention of Vicky and Danielle at The Spa. We made use of The Spa facilities, extra fee but worth every penny.  Vegas "noise" can start to wear on you, but a visit to The Spa to relax and unwind hits the spot.  Also, huge thanks to the reservations desk! Our red eye was cancelled as we were checking our baggage. The Monte Carlo took us back and upgraded our room as they said, "you had a long day." Monte Carlo is all about their customer service and I will continue to tell people about our experience! Hope to return soon!
5	This place ain't bad at all, it had nice size room and was very Comfortable. Great location right on the strip. But that 20 dollars a night for the Access to the pool,gym Internet and 2 Bottled water is BS. Other than that, it was cool.
1	Hotel is ok, rooms big but that's about it. Only one tiny trashcan in the room, which is important because they try to steal every dollar from you at every turn. Resort fee pays for two water bottles and access to the pool, and but dont try to bring water with you to the pool, you have to buy it from the pool vendor. And the lazy river isn't part of the resort fee, and you have to buy a tube. Food is horribly overpriced, and we quickly filled the tiny trash in the room with food wrappers from the grocery store. No fridge in room either, but bring an ice chest (free ice). Suffice it to say, I we will never stay here again and will recommend others don't either.
2	The rooms are normal. Furniture needs an upgrade. No closet but 1 armoire. Nice LCD TV with low def picture. Serious? Wired internet which we could not find in the room. Walls are paper thin. You definitely could hear your neighbors and people in the hall. Our bed must have backed up to neighbor's bathroom as every morning we were awaken by their shower. $20 resort fee plus tax on the resort fee. Positives: gym was nice, casino was good size and centralized, restaurants\bars were cool, and free tram to Aria and Bellagios. Hey Monte Carlo, at a bare minimum, you guys should have HD channels for your HD TV's. Wireless internet included in resort fee would have great too. Add these 2 things and you get 1 more star.
4	Had a wonderful experience at Monte Carlo this past weekend. Staff is friendly and always polite when we had questions or requests. The rooms were nice and had exactly what you needed. Stayed in a strip view. The bed was actually comfortable. Room had a vanity/desk, Keurig coffee maker, side table with a couple of chairs,  flat screen, two night stands, closet, and full length mirror. Bathroom had a tub/shower combo, 1 sink, toilet, large mirror, and vanity mirror. The resort fee is actually worth it because you get free wifi (it does work despite other reviews), two bottles of water daily, two pods for the Keurig machine daily, and newspaper. I think you get some other amenities too that I can't immediately think of. Almost all hotels charge a resort fee, but don't give you anything. Hotel is very easy to navigate. The shops, elevators, casino, food court, and taxi stand all meet in the main lobby so you won't get lost. The pools are awesome. Really enjoyed the heated lazy river and wave pool. Also took advantage of the Minus 5 Lounge. They do charge to get in, but it was a cool experience, just wish they let us bring our phones in. Great location on the strip plus there is a walkway from hotel to Aria and a free tram that goes to Crystals Shopping Area and Bellagio. I admit the reviews on Yelp almost scared me from not staying here, but I'm glad I gave it a chance. I think a lot has changed since some reviews were written. This is a decent hotel for the price and I would definitely stay again. I've stayed at many hotels on the strip and tend to lean toward the fancy ones like Caesars, Wynn/Encore, and Palazzo. Yes these hotels have nicer more modernized rooms, but my overall experience at Monte Carlo was better than at those hotels which really surprised me. I would definitely recommend this hotel.
3	This is being generous due to the pool and its location on the Strip.  For a hotel named after one of the most glamorous places in the world, the Monte Carlo could seriously use a bit of a makeover.  Rooms were a decent size, but bathroom could use an update, the TV could have HD, and for the resort fee Wi-Fi or at least a working internet connection in the room would have been helpful.  I really loved the pool, and the food and drinks there were not bad.  Diablo's at the front of the hotel was nice and the happy hour specials were good.  Not my favorite place on the strip and I probably wouldn't stay there again but you could definitely do a lot worse.
2	Monte Carlo, why did I choose to stay here?  Must be that it is located right in the middle of the strip, next to Aria and the City Center.  This used to be my wife's favorite hotel in Las Vegas.  Don't ask me why because I honestly don't know.  With many newer and older but better establishments on the strip, there's really no reason to choose Monte Carlo unless you already knew that...the POOL has a lazy river!  It's not as long as the ones you might find at MGM, but it is sufficient enough to relax and take a moment away from the busy casino noise.  You can also rental a tube as floating device at the service counter.  But really, that's all the highlights of this hotel, unless you enjoy...CHEAP FOOD COURT adjacent to the main elevators.  If I remember correctly, they have Starbucks, McDonald's, Manchu Wok, Rubio's, and Subway.  These are some of the choices that you might not find in other hotels on the strip.  Of course, if you want to drop a few hundred dollars, you can do at the casino, unless you knew to...go to ANDRE'S, the fine dinning restaurant of Monte Carlo.  I have not personally tried it, but according to fellow yelpers, it's a traditional french restaurant that's hidden away inside the casino.  When food coma hits, you might just want to passed out anywhere on the casino floor, unless you already have a...ROOM at the Monte Carlo, which is nothing spectacular, nothing more a than regular hotel room with regular beds, chairs, and bathroom.  Very regular, but adequate for your nap until the thin walls allow you to hear everything your neighbors do.  That's when you ask yourself, why did I choose...Monte Carlo.  Must be its centralized location on the strip.
3	I really thought this place was going to be really sad, but it was not.  Sure it is no Bellagio or Venetian, but hey, when my friends want to do it up on the Strip and i have to leave the luxury of my home, I chose to cheap it up and stay here.  With the monorail making Bellagio is easily accessible. I choose to pay less $100 buck a night.  Besides hotels are just a place to sleep for a few hours, entertainment is all around. I just ask that my room be clean, and it was.   My house is luxury, hotel just a clean place to sleep.  Monte Carlo fits the bill.
2	So disappointed...If it's just my husband and I, we'd be staying at Bellagio, but when you bring the kids, Monte Carlo used to be our destination of choice in Vegas.  It was never a 5 star destination location, but because it was easy, reasonable, had one of the best pool complexes in Vegas and was good for the family, Not Anymore.Everything from customer service, to amenities to the property itself is in need of a major over-haul. We had booked two adjoining rooms this time.  When we arrived at 5:00 p.m. on a Friday, we were told no adjoining rooms available.  Wasn't until we escalated our concern to a supervisor did we get the rooms that we had actually requested.  Representative at check- in was rude and lacking in customer service skills...not a great way to start a weekend.Next, rooms were outdated and worn.  Granted, you don't spend a whole lot of time in your rooms in Vegas, but with so many options these days, would expect better. You are charged a $20 per night resort fee that gets you two Kerurig K-cups, two small bottles of water, access to the overcrowded/loud pool and the gym - what it doesn't cover is Wi-Fi in the rooms - because they don't offer Wi-Fi in the rooms - only wired connection if you can hunt down the cord.  Walls are paper-thin - you can hear every conversation outside of your room.Pool was a nightmare...crowded beyond belief....drunks everywhere you turn - ABSOLUTELY not family friendly.  So many drunks in the lazy river had to get kids out before a full lap around.  Very loud at the pool...not a single spot where you could just relax and read  or chill...Also, service at the pool was terrible.  Was dying to eat waited 45 minutes for a waitress..ended up having to get up and find someone myself.Had dinner at the buffet - food was mediocre at best. (honestly, some of the worst Prime Rib I have every had  - tasted like it was pre-made and rewarmed for serving - no one is our party was ablet o have more than a bite or two of it) Significantly smaller than most other buffets in Vegas and far less crowded.  Would not go back to buffet.As others have mentioned, there is a food court, but don't fool yourself into thinking it's cheap like the food court at home, this is after-all, Vegas.  A slice of pizza, a dinner salad and a drink was $16.The only reason I would ever consider staying here again would be 1) the location - prime spot for walking to other attractions locally (especially if you have kids and are willing to pass on the pool, M&M Factory and Coca Cola store are right across the street, movies theaters right across the street and roller coaster at NYNY is next door. 2) the tram to Bellagio...easy access to another prime spot on the strip (on a Saturday night we were able to get to Ceasar's in about 15 minutes.  We were too tired to walk back and were going to take a cab - was told cost on a Saturday night would have been around a $40 cab ride in traffic.  Tram is free  3) easy access - very easy to get on and off of Highway 15 without having to spend much driving time on Las Vegas Blvd.
1	Stayed here one night extending our trip. The check in is a joke looking more like a Disneyland attraction line zig-zagging back and forth. It took over 30 minutes to check in on a Monday afternoon! The room (floor 31 of 32) was so so and at $66 on Monday + the hidden $20 "resort fee" and taxes put the room at almost $100, did I mention it was on Monday? We went to the Pub & Keg room and waited for a few to be seated at about 9pm, Monday night. After sitting at a table for 20 minutes with no waiter or waitress even giving us water, we walked out. As I left, I handed the matradee my menu and told her no thanks. She didn't even bat an eye or offer any attempt to retain our business- sad. For our money, I'd rather go back to the Golden Nuggett Rush Tower downtown. If you haven't checked that out, do yourself a favor and take a look.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE!!!   EVER!!! I would have given it ZERO stars if I could.This hotel is the worst one I have ever stayed at, and I will NOT be going back to any of MGM's hotels! They are all garbage!- Mold in the shower/bathtub- The door number plaque was missing, and someone promptly used a sharpie to write the door number in.- The safe in the room was broken- After declining maid service and putting the "do not disturb" card on the door, I returned to find my room was cleaned and $200 was missing from my room. My friend with me also had cash stolen from her personals.- After filing a "security report" the hotel offered me a $50 room credit as a show of good faith. When I checked out, there was NO record of the $50 room credit. - Numerous calls have gone unreturned. My last call got me to a grumpy lady who was too busy to help me. She told me that Mauricio Chales was going to call me. That was 8 days ago.- Email that was written to them has also been unsuccessful.Save your money for a nicer hotel, as the Monte Carlo is not even close to being "nice". Terrible customer service, despicable room and thief's for maids. Enter at your own risk!
3	Meh...3 stars at best.  As somebody mentioned the check in is ridiculous, huge long lines clogging up the lobby.  Everywhere you go in the hotel you are swarmed with sketchy looking people trying to slap a wrist band on you and promising a fabulous night at the Brand nightclub (DON'T do it!!  Nasty crowded little meat market.  They promised a $20 cover and free drinks for the ladies but the drinks list is very limited and the alcohol was rotten, definitely bottom shelf.  Oh yeah, and $30 cover and full drink prices for the men.)  I rented a Monaco suite which looked nice at first glance until I started to notice that there were a lot of holes and gouges in the furniture.  My hot water didn't work several times and there was no safe in the room as promised.  My room overlooked the pool so from about noon to 7pm the blaring music, drunken shrieks and thumping bass from the pool area made it unbearable to relax or have a nap (sometimes you need a nap in Vegas LOL).The pros:  good location, handy food court, great maid service and awesome pool area.  I really liked Diablo's, the food was good and margaritas on the patio facing the Strip is pretty awesome.The cons;  Crazy busy hotel, busy 24/7 and swarms of rowdy drunk people everywhere.  I guess that's a Vegas thing but there were a few times I waited for another elevator instead of getting in alone with a group of drunken men.  The creepy men lurking in the elevator lobby trying to slap brand wrist bands on me were a definite negative.  Hotel is a bit run down in places.All in all I would  not stay at Monte Carlo again but that's just me - I'm definitely a quiet person and would like somewhere a bit more sedate where I don't run the risk of getting puked on in the elevator LOL .  However if  you're looking for a mid-priced party place on the Strip this could be the place for you!
1	I had always liked walking through and hanging out at the Monte Carlo, But when it came down to actually staying there... I wouldnt suggest it now that I have had the experience. I spent $175 for a sunday night in a spa suite. The inside was not very clean. Although the bed was made and everything was neat, there was a stain as if someone spilled a bottle of wine over the tile that surrounded the spa. The pool is LOUD all day long. It is impossible to take a nap because of that. The music is way to Loud during the day. The moldings had scuff marks and other parts of the room looked like a dog had been chewing on it. The water came out cloudy in the sink, kind of disturbing. Finally got home, and noticed on the next billing cycle that they had billed me another $25 for an unknown reason. I am on hold and have been waiting for over 15 minutes. Finally got a hold of some one and they told me it was a "resort fee", which I understand having resort fees, but I was not ever informed that there would be additional charges to the $175 I had already spent for the room AND the fact it was billed out to me on the following billing cycle is disappointing. I wish it would have been one figure that I was aware of and would only have to pay once. Not Impressed with the service or the room... Not going to stay here again
2	So disappointed in the Monte Carlo. The hotel itself is beautiful on the outside and the lobby is stunning and is in a great location. Unfortunately the praise ends there. Wifi isn't available on all floors or places despite paying for it as part of the resort fee. The housekeeping staff consistently woke us up at 8.30/9am every day to service the room despite the do not disturb sign. When they did clean the room they left cleaning products in the room, only made one of the beds and didn't replenish the water (again paid for as part of the resort fee). The room we booked wasn't available so instead of an upgrade we were downgraded. Pay the extra cash and stay somewhere nicer.
2	On a recent visit to Las Vegas, my friends and I decided to stay at the Monte Carlo because it had been recommended to us and we like the location. I would say overall that we had a nice vacation, but we experienced a problem at the end of our stay.After we had packed our bags, and just before checking out, I called for a bellman to take our bags down for us. After checking out and driving home, we discovered that a bottle of perfume had been broken in one of our bags. As all we did was go straight from the hotel back to our house, we concluded the bag had most likely been mishandled by the bellman.We immediately called the hotel, and a very sympathetic person took our information, and told us he would investigate what happened, as well as what they could do fo us, and get back to us within 72 hours. After waiting for 5 days without a response, I called back to follow up. I was unable to speak to the person who originally helped me, and found that the person with whom I was now speaking had a very unpleasant, almost accusing tone in her voice. She informed me that there was nothing that they would be able to do, insisting that the negligence lay with us. We were also advised that the first person with whom we spoke should not have committed to returning our call within 72 hours as this was not their policy.Overall I would say that I was disappointed by the fact that they are not willing to do anything about the broken bottle of perfume (which spilled all over an expensive piece of luggage), but even more unsatisfied by the disingenuous manner in which we were treated. It was an unpleasant end to our vacation and I certainly have no plans to revisit the hotel, nor will I recommend it to anyone I know.
4	Good staff with great response time. Very courteous and helpful
4	I really like the Monte Carlo.  It's a great mid range hotel that offers a good hotel room and cool pool area for a decent price.  It's no five star hotel by any means but it's definitely well maintained, clean and offers all all the amenities that you need.  The hotel room and casino floor is pretty standard.  Has everything you need but nothing fancy.  It's also centrally located to all the other major hotels so it's walking distance if you don't want to deal with driving or cabbing it.  My favorite part of this hotel is the pool area. It has several pools and a lazy river that you can lounge around all day.  However, in full disclosure, the clientele tends to be a little on the trashier side so expect plenty of drinking, swearing and cursing.  But other than that, if you're not looking to spend a pretty penny on a Vegas hotel, then the Monte Carlo is definitely worth the say (for the price).
4	This hotel was better than what i expected. I stayed here during good friday weekend with a couple of friends (yeah I know we are sinners) and it couldn't have been better. We arrived at the hotel at 6AM despite knowing check-in was at 3PM. We were so tired from our trip so we asked the lady in the front desk how much would it be to check-in early she said the hotel does not charge a fee for early check-in (According to the receptionist the website only says 30 dollar fee just as a window so people wont ask for early check-ins). She was so generous and let us check-in to both rooms we had reserved. Over all i love Monte Carlo because of its location, everything is so close and the service is awesome. The only reason I'm giving it four stars is because the hotel only has wifi in the lobby and in the pool side but unfortunately the rooms have no wifi which sucks. :(
3	The last two times i stayes here i found holes in the curtains, holes in the bed sheets and the last time i stayed here there was a hole in the lamp. Dont order food from the room service menu its disgusting. You do get what you pay for. 330$ for three nights and that nice wave and river pool they got is pretty cool.
3	Check in was easy and fast. Navigating this place (drunk) is insane though! The hotel main area is relatively small and the quick dining options are REALLY limited and not that great (McDonald's is the best place in the area). I really didn't like the $25/night "resort" fee considering the place had NOTHING to do in it that was worth it! "Brand" nightclub was lame and not on par with the other nightclubs in LV at all. The room itself was great, though. The beds were extremely comfy!
4	Honestly, for the price and the location, Monte Carlo is worth a stay. I'd do it again. Pros:- Location: can walk along strip; about a 10 minute walk to Caesar's Palace/Harrah's and Casino Royale; the hotel/casino is connected to Aria, which is gorgeous- Transportation: there's a free tram to Aria and Bellagio- Food court: has Starbucks (!!) and cheap options like Subway, Sbarro's, McDonald's, etc- Internet (ethernet cord), k-cups, and waters included in hotel fee (also gym and pool)- Can control the in-room climate- Fun pool scene, chairs are always available (even in pairs)- Had standard room amenities like blow dryer, iron, shampoos/soaps/lotions- Mostly clean (we passed by rooms being cleaned for turnover and housekeepers had furniture moved around so they could clean and vacuum every nook and cranny)- Modern gym with all the fixins -- plus, you get to walk through the spa, which helps gets you into relaxation mode- Shopping mall with cupcake store, froyo buffet, inexpensive women's clothing- In-house restaurants were just OK, but D'vino was particularly good -- they have bar food specials, $6 apps with a drink, and the plates were huge and delicious- CVS is a 2-minute walk, right beside the casino entrance -- SO usefulCons:- Awful casino... high limits, no cocktail waitresses to be seen ANYwhere, many games have moved over to electronic. Just not a fun atmosphere. Go gamble somewhere else, like MGM or Casino Royale. - $20+/night resort fee is pretty high... although, most hotels on the strip charge a fee, and at least this one included some useful stuff- No nice clubs in-house... although it was easy enough to walk to Hakkasan in MGM or Aria's Haze (in heels!)- Found multiple holes in our room's walls and sheets... when we complained, they changed our sheets, but we found burn-holes in the new ones. Yeesh. Front desk was nice about it though and gave us a $50 voucher for in-house food credits- They really, really need to upgrade to WiFi internet - There was construction outside the front facade our whole stay, which was pretty gross-looking and noisy but hey, I understand if they gotta renovateAll in all, a worthwhile visit, although the hotel isn't super luxurious, and could honestly use some renovation inside. But I would be into staying at the Monte Carlo again, given all the pros.
4	In all, I had a good stay at the Monte Carlo.  Compared to other hotels on the Las Vegas Strip, the Monte Carlo has central access to elevators and attractions.  The rooms were well kept and clean.  They didn't have free Wi-Fi access but you could plug into an Ethernet cable if you need to access the Internet in your room.  The price for the room was reasonable as well.  However, a hotel room is really only for sleeping in Las Vegas.They have a casino, of course, along with various restaurants, a small shopping corridor and the Blue Man Group.  If you have a chance to see the Blue Man Group, do it, because it's a fun and interactive show.  The Monte Carlo should be lucky that they are able to have this show at their casino.I'd certainly consider staying here again while in Las Vegas.
1	Can't trust the house keepers.  They threw out souvenirs that we had left in a very obvious gift bag on the floor near the TV.  It did NOT look like garbage.  So if you don't want the housekeepers to steal or throw out your personal belongings, do not let them in.   When we called to complain about it the only thing they could do was reimburse is $20 for the resort fee, which doesn't cover the sentimental value of the gift that was stolen/thrown out.  Also, when I checked my credit card statement, it turns out that they did NOT reimburse the money.  It's safe to say that the customer service is a DEFINITE let-down.   The location is also pretty bad - it is NOT central.  We had to cab everywhere.  There's really nothing special about the monte carlo, the rooms are very sub-par
3	My husband and I brought our two sons and three of their friends to Las Vegas as a birthday surprise for our younger son. We chose the Monte Carlo because we thought they would enjoy the pool area, and they really did.  If it weren't for the pools, we might have changed hotels. It wasn't awful, but we really wanted everything to be perfect for this trip. We travel a lot for business and are used to overlooking a lot. There are a lot of minor irritations with this stay that will lead us to stay elsewhere next time. The check in process took a half hour to get one of our three rooms. It was early, so we were okay that all the rooms weren't ready but taking that long when we wanted to get to the pool was a bummer. We were told that our reservation is only a request for a certain room type and they wouldn't guarantee an adjoining room for the guys or a king room for my husband and I. When we finally got our room, we were told it was a king but we got there and it wasn't. We ended up getting a king but had to give up the strip view we reserved. Not a big deal, but pretty disorganized. The rooms are okay - nice linens and the decor is fine but the bathrooms are pretty dated. The Internet is only available via a cable so no Internet for devices other than a laptop.  The room seemed clean but there was a towel in our bathroom with urine on it that I almost used on my hair. Thank god it fell on the floor with the pee side up or I wouldnt have noticed it.  I let the front desk know so they could let their staff know to watch for stuff like that. They apologized and ordered a full cleaning for our room.  For some reason half the lampshades in the rooms I was in looked like someone sat on them. Kinda weird. All in all the Monte Carlo is pretty decent but I will try a different place next time. I wanted to treat everyone to the Blue Man Group but the best discount the hotel offers still leaves tickets over $100 per person - pretty hefty for our group of seven. Stay here if you want a fun pool area, just don't expect too much out of the rest of the experience.
4	The Monte Carlo is my favorite hotel on the Strip. We had the pleasure of staying here and loved every second of it. Check-in was a breeze and the room was spotless and laid out well. As for the casino itself. There is a lot of floor space and they seem to have the latest and greatest games. I'm not a big gambler, but it is definitely more modern that a handful we walked through. One of the big pluses for me is the food court. They have a very large selection of choices including McD's, Subway. Starbucks, etc... There's nothing better than grabbing a Big Mac at 4:00am after a night of drinking. Overall, highly recommended!
3	This was my second time staying at Monte Carlo... this is a review for just my second time when I went in June 2013. Monte Carlo is great because it's located right next to the new hotels including Aria and Cosmo and in close proximity to Planet Hollywood and kid friendly areas such as the M&M store. I'm very disappointed that I didn't get to try out their famous lazy river because time didn't permit us to take that detour to the pool area. darn. Bed was very comfortable. AC didn't seem to be working too well but I do get hot easily at night. oooo and a plus, they have their own food court! So if you get hungry or have a craving, there's a mickey d's and a starbuck inside the hotel.... awesome! Now for the reason why I gave them 3 stars....There was construction on the strip so our way out to the strip was through Aria. Ok not their fault. However in our room, turning on the water was obnoxiously loud. I don't know why it was sooo loud but turning on the faucet and the shower was incredibly loud. We heard our neighbor's shower at one point but didn't the rest of the time we were there... it was just really weird to me.  Also the website said wifi access which there was none. I had a job application to apply for and had to go to the 2nd floor business center to complete my application, where I was not greeted or asked if I needed help for anything. Overall, I'd stay at Monte Carlo again because of location and I still want to try that lazy river, but they have to oil the faucet or something, because it really shouldnt be that loud.
4	I liked Monte Carlo and would stay there again. I've only been to Vegas one other time two years ago and stayed at the Orleans (not my decision). We arrived at the Monte Carlo around 10 am on Sunday and were able to get checked in right away. Nice! So my friend and I ventured through the hotel to get a feel and grabbed a bite in the food court. Then it was off to the pool!The pool was awesome. There is a DJ there on Saturdays and Sundays. I wish it was all week long because the pool wasnt the same on Monday as on Sunday. Don't get me wrong, I love kids, I have 6 year old twins myself but Vegas is NOT the place for them. I noticed a lot of kids at the Monte Carlo pool. The lazy river is not the place to teach your kids how to swim. Whats nice is you can walk around the lazy river or stand at the side and drink. Not everyone is in a tube. Drinks are expensive. But its Vegas. The room was clean. Nice. There was some wallpaper peeling in the bathroom. But I'd give the room 4 stars. Resturants, The food court was expensive but again, its vegas. The restaurants in the hotel were good. We ate at the Cafe once for dinner and once for breakfast. Decent prices good food. Cannot rate the buffet. Heard it wasnt great so we didnt bother. The Pub in the Monte Carlo is a whole other review UGH! The tram to Crystals and Bellagio was nice but really people? You walk further to get to the tram and to get from the tram out of Bellagio then if you were to walk down the strip. I would stay here again for sure.
3	The hotel is not GREAT but it's not bad either. It's a 3 out of 5---The rooms are slightly run down, no Internet access in 2013???
3	The pool area gets 4 stars. Would get 5 if no kids were allowed.The rooms get 3 stars. The bathroom gets one as the showerhead was about a foot below my head. no Wi-Fi sucks.The place is inexpensive so 4 stars for the price
2	It was our first stay in Monte Carlo; we liked the moderate price and the free buffet deal that Expedia threw in. Our check-in experience was smooth, but the room was just ok: a chair had an obvious hole in it, and the bathtub needed to be replaced; no mini fridge in the room is definitely a disadvantage in LV heat. No wi-fi, just the slow internet at the desk, which means no favorite shows in bed. Don't think the hotel deserves the 4 stars... I'm not quite sure why they charge $22.00 a day resort fee, cuz it definitely didn't feel like a resort. Perhaps if we tried their pool we would have been blown away, but something tells me probably not.  Now to a very big unpleasant incident, for which my friend insisted I gave the hotel 1 star. When I opened the curtains to enjoy the view from the 25th floor, I saw... women's panties in the corner of the window seal. Yep, somebody had fun times, but it was definitely TMI for us. And the evidence of poor cleaning services. They sent someone up to clean the room and waived our "resort fee" as a courtesy for inconvenience, but will we be coming back? Me thinks no!
4	I loved staying here on my first trip to Vegas. The location really can't be beat. It is smack in the middle of the whole hotel scene. The walk to Bellagio is very easy, and they also have access to the air tram. The rooms were very nice, and I never had any problems with room service or cleanliness. I loved that there was a food court. Made it very easy when we wanted a quick bite before going out for the day, but didn't want to spend a lot of money or time. Check in and out went quickly. The only thing that would have been nice was more night life in the hotel. Thankfully, it is attached to The Aria, which had some nice bars with amazing margaritas and mojitos. For the price and location, I would definitely stay at the Monte Carlo again.
1	First time staying at the Monte Carlo (basically any hotel not directly near the CityCenter area on the Strip) and would never again. The facility itself was nice (3 stars for facility alone). Clean casino, bar & pool area, elevators, etc., but the service was terrible. Resort fees ($22.50) now include wi-fi connections in room (poor wifi connection, but a wifi connection nonetheless).Check-in was smooth as everyone else has said, but room was serviced only once in 5 days (after the first night).  I called at 7:00pm my third night to have the beds made and the trash emptied while out for the evening, the person on the phone was friendly, but when I returned to the room at 8:00am nothing had been done. Notified the front desk and two nights of the resort fees were comped. Called another night just for towels and toilet paper, took over an hour to get. Pool only allows unopen water bottles (no juices or soft drinks, if you have kids). Drinks are expensive (but that's Vegas). I didn't even end up staying for the full 5th night I paid for. Check out experience was ridiculous as well. Was the only person waiting in the check-out line and was never called forward. Had to physically cut in front of a receptionist and ask to be checked out after a 20 minute wait. Had a long distance phone call on my bill which I was told could not be contested. Finally, spoke to the manager, Ryan, who ended up comping all the daily resort fees and the added long distance call on my bill, which I appreciated. He seemed genuinely disappointed with my experience. Next time I'll pay the extra money to stay somewhere I know the service is always good.
3	Not the most luxurious of hotels on the strip but it is centrally located, and the prices are reasonable. We booked early and paid $88/night, minus the stupid resort fee, which is a huge ripoff.The rooms are standard issue, but it's true that the walls are thin and it's easy to hear everything. Especially the plumbing - showers and flushing toilets are LOUD. We also had the unfortunate experience of having the alarm clock in the next room go off each night at midnight. And of course there is no one in that room, so we had to call Housekeeping to turn it off, which took over 30 minutes each time. Ugh. We stayed on the 3rd floor this time, which gave us a hideous view of the roof with all the trash, dead birds and vacuum cleaners on it. On the plus side, we were towards the center of the building and actually got wifi in the room! That made our son happy, since there isn't supposed to be wifi in the rooms, and iPods don't work with ethernet cables. Not fast connection though.Pools are nice, but crowded and not a lot of shade for those who can't be in the sun all the time. Chairs fill up fast, so go down early and stake out a spot. Don't bother with the inner tube rental in the lazy river - eventually, one will free up and you can use it without paying the $5.
4	I stayed at the Monte Carlo during EDC weekend 2013 for 5 nights. I've come to Vegas many times and have always encountered a problem at some point during my stay. The Monte Carlo did NOT follow the trend. We arrived at the resort around 9:30am, however check-in isn't til' 3pm. Not a problem, the front desk employee not only allowed us to check-in early but she gave a us a good room overlooking the pool. The lazy river and the wave pool were really enjoyable especially with a DJ spinnin' house music as you swim and drink. The casino, pool, front lobby, parking lot and dinning areas are all relatively close to each other which is great if you dont like having to walk a mile to get from one place to another. 4 stars instead of 5 because our bathtub and sink kept clogging even after we asked someone to service it. The innertubes should be free if you're a guest at the hotel. $5 a tube isn't really worth it. Beds were comfortable and the rooms were tidy. Everything was clean for the most part. EDC is a busy time but Monte Carlo made it comfortable and relaxing.
3	This hotel is middle of the road; not the best but not the worst either.  The room was not very impressive at all.  The ipod dock did not work and the shower did not drain well.  They really need to add more outlets to allow for phones to be plugged in near the beds.  Also, no mini fridge so bring a cooler. However, it was very clean and the overall hotel was better than some of the rest in Vegas.  If you are looking for a clean place to stay in Vegas that is on the cheaper side, stay here.  If you are looking for a nicer room...I would skip.
4	Stayed here for a couple of nights with a group.  The rooms are nice and up to date.  The hotel was very clean and felt very safe here as well. Unlike many of the hotels on the strip I also thought it was very easy to get around the hotel and casino without feeling like you had to walk through a maze and put a couple of miles on the pedometer.  The staff was all very friendly, both in the hotel and the casino.  The casino seemed to have plenty have room for additional players and lots of slot machines to choose from as well.  The restaurants, well, lets just say I went to the buffet and you can read my review there.  they do have a food court on the main floor which is very convenient, and less expensive.  There was plenty of parking in the parking garage as well.
1	I stayed here because it was on the AAA website. Next time I will not bother. 1. I reserved a king bed. I arrived before the allotted check out time and they said they only had 2 queens available. This was after standing in line for a bout 30 minutes to check in, the line wrapped around 3 times! Of course I was frustrated! What made matters worse is the man checking me in was RUDE. He said they would call me the next time when there would be a King room available. I asked to verify what number they would call me on and he mumbled out a phone number. I then told him that number did not sound right and told him my correct phone number, which he seemed to ignore. 2. The 1st room was sad. There was pink mold in the shower. The remote to the TV did not work. I could hear everything from the next room over. Finally the next day after not getting called about an available king room, I went downstairs to the check in line and finally got the king room...but note they did not call me to tell me one was available. If I was not proactive I would still be stuck in the room for the next 3 nights. On top of all this they added 20 dollars for a resort fee! Which included two baby water bottles and WIRED internet...there was no wifi...who the heck uses WIRED internet anymore!I am just going to try another hotel next time!
2	Eh I just didn't like this hotel. It sucked! - When we first got here, there was a half drunken open water bottle, when we were suppose to get 2 complimentary bottles. - When we came back to the hotel another day, there was big purple string in the middle of the floor...don't they pick up the garbage? None of us had that purple string- The bathroom sucks! The ceiling was leaking...there was mold in the corner of the shower and the shower head water pressure was not crackin. - Before making a purchase of the room, it said complimentary wifi....They should probably change that to free ETHERNET wifi that's STILL really slow... Idk I just didn't like this place.
3	The hotel is quite clean, and the rooms are very spacious. The location of the hotel is great, there are many attractions near by on the strip.The negative aspects of the hotel pertain to the bathroom. Although the bathroom is a good size, the toilet and shower are made for the hulk. The water in the shower feels like a pressurized hose and the toilet seems capable of flushing anything. Just remember not to sit on the toilet when you flush! Lol
1	This place looks really, really old inside. In the room I was in, the pillows smelled of an old attic, the remote control to the TV was dusty, the carpet on the floor was falling apart, and the TV turned off by itself with the remote all the way on the other side of the room.1) NO WI-FI - really?  2) BEWARE - Resort fee on top of booking price.  If you look on their website it's actually called Monte Carlo RESORT & Casino.Booked for $51 and came out to $83  b/c the stupid resort fee and taxes. TRUST ME--IT'S FAR FROM A RESORT EXPERIENCE. Might as well stay at the motel 8 or excalibur for 1/3 of this price since it's a very similar setting.3) No refrigerator4) Did I mention it's REALLY OLD inside?
3	This is a very strong 3 stars, as close as you can get to 4 stars without being 4 stars.  I read the critiques of this place.  It's certainly not as fancy as its neighbors.  It doesn't have a club or fountains or a museum.  But, it has a very fun brewpub, and EXCELLENT steakhouse, friendly dealers, and a good show.  The rooms are pretty standard, not the biggest or nicest in Vegas but I've certainly seen worse.  The front desk is typically pretty quick, even during peak times on the weekend.  I stayed here plenty before we moved out to Vegas, and have stayed a few times since we've been here, and I have never had to wait long, even when there was a long line.The thing I like about Monte Carlo is the gaming floor is for GAMING.  People aren't looking around taking pictures at the art or whatever.  I feel very comfortable there.  And, it has a great location on the strip, walking distance to a bunch of great places if you need a change of scenario.  I've stayed here for many years and will continue to recommend others do so as well.
2	Check in was smooth and the staff was friendly.  The room left a lot to be desired. The sheets were too short for the bed so the first night the sheets move every time you move and I didn't sleep well. I went to the front desk and asked for sheets that fit.. Housekeeping called and said they would take care of it. When we returned the room had been serviced but the sheets were the same. I walked down the hall and explained to the housekeeper what needed to be done and they later fixed it.  The jack/plate for the tv had been pulled out out of the wall. If I had a small child I would have asked to be moved. It was a safety hazard. NO WI FI in the room! Water pressure sucked and shower head was very low.Pool was ok but didn't want to spend $10 on a tube for the lazy river and bummed that we could only bring in water.
2	Went on vacation to get away, that's what normally happens right? Something went wrong everyday of our stay here from little things such as not receiving a do not disturb sign which we called for, to the male maid walking in while my friend was in the flesh. Wouldn't have happened if we had the sign, I'm sure..or Maybe it would've who knows, it's Vegas. They did their best to accommodate the situation which was a nice gesture until check out when they said the things purchased didn't fall into the category of the credit we received and we should have seen it on the card with the listed places we can use it on. Ohhhhhhh what?! A card? One that we didn't receive from the Assistant Manager of the hotel? Splendid. I won't be staying here again, I'm sure but if i do I hope I get to enjoy it.
1	Terrible service. Booked a room with two beds, deluxe strip view. I go to check in and they don't  have anything available that meets my request and am forced to downgrade my room.
3	Monte Carlo is only 3 stars in my book.Upon arriving early for check-in, I went to the restroom first. Marble floors do not mesh well with drips of water. I slipped almost completing a full split! It is not safe at all. They need to keep a watch for that before someone can get seriously injured. We get to our assigned room only to find a family just come out of the room. Honestly, after sitting in a car for 4 hours...do you think anyone needs to deal with this crap? It was ridiculous and inconvenient. Poor management. Finally, when we get to the next room, all I can say was it was A-OK. Old decor, strange patches of cardboard on the walls, and no ventilation in the bathroom. Really not fancy at all. Positive note, excellent air conditioner. Service was slow when requesting for extra pillows and towels. It took about an hour later to get what I needed. The free wifi (technically you are paying for in the hotel fees) is as slow as dial up connection. The pool as expected was extremely crowded. After getting settled, enjoy the lazy river or wave pool. It helped relieve the heat in the crazy HOT weather. Free towels. There are tubes to rent out, drinks to buy, food to eat, etc. Overall, Monte Carlo needs some renovating in the rooms. Service could be better. p.s. Room service is quite pricey!
3	One of the MGM properties, booked by phone and received comped breakfast coupon for one of several buffets in town - we picked the ARIA Hotel buffet. ONLY GOOD ON WEEKDAYS-  you will pay a difference if you use the coupon on a Sunday brunch-  a $42 value on this coupon.Requested an upgrade room but basically received the exact same room, on an upper floor which would have been a suite, if the adjoining room was used. Granted, this is an older hotel, so there are not as many nice things to see or do, but you're free to visit the higher end resort casinos without having to fork over the money for it, so why not save a bit on a room that will be used mostly for bathroom breaks and naps?Visited the pool are but there was an incredible crowd, and the water appeared to be murky from all those people with drinks and suntan lotion on, plus a lot of kids, so I passed taking a swim (impossible with the weekend's crowd). Cabanas available for more privacy, if you want. Not really a happening place.Slots were not generous but you know the house always wins.Wish the rooms had more lighting in the bathrooms.Simple bathroom amenities, eco-conscious (they want guests to re-use towels - admit it - you do at home so why not here too?).In-room Keurig coffee machine is practically foolproof (except for me, of course - the kitchen gadget challenged - I somehow managed to cause a little overflow of water.)NO WI-FI! What electronic stone age are we living in?Ate at their ultra spendy restaurant Andre's which was totally worth the $$$$ (see my related review here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/andres-las-vegas-4#hrid:2r-gYBS-CgaZkcixMe3Liw/src:self
1	Last weekend my boyfriend and I stayed at the Monte Carlo with my brother and sister-in-law. Before booking a hotel in vegas, we did a lot of searching and wanted to find a hotel that was reasonably priced with a good pool. We ended up choosing Monte Carlo.. and after this weekend I wish we would have decided on another hotel. We arrived late Thursday night (close to midnight) and the line to check in was about an hour wait. They only had two people working!! Finally someone was smart enough to request backup and once a few other employees came to help the line moved much quicker. Once we arrived at the front desk, we were greeted by an extremely rude male employee. He acted if we had just ruined his evening by walking into his place of business! As we were checking in, he informed us that only one room would have a king (which we both requested) and the other would have a queen. Then he said they would be smoking (we requested non-smoking). We asked if there was anything he could do to make changes because we would be extremely unhappy with those accommodations. He said there was nothing he could do and then gave us a figure as to how much it would cost if we wanted to cancel our reservation. At this point I asked to speak to the manager.Once the manager arrived he was extremely polite and apologetic for his employee (must happen often!). He gave both rooms a $50.00 credit to a variety of restaurants in the hotel. He found two non-smoking room, one with a king and one with two queens, which at this point was fine with us because we wanted to be done with this process already! The hotel was extremely out-dated and we had a worker come up UNANNOUNCED to fix something in the bathroom. My boyfriend stayed at Harrah's for a fraction of the price the last time he was in Vegas and he said the rooms looked exactly the same! We figured the pool would be the saving grace for the hotel... but sadly we were mistaken. Unless you are traveling with children - this pool is not for you! There were kids everywhere!! Not that I can't stand children (I've been a nanny for 6 years) but when I want to take a dip in the pool, cruise down the lazy river, dance in the wave pool with the DJ playing music, or lay out.. I'd prefer not to hear screaming kids or be splashed like crazy! And to top off this awful experience, my credit card has been charged an extra $150 on top of what the total charges for our stay were. I called the front desk (which took over 20 minutes waiting on hold to finally get a live person) and they said that its just an insurance charge that will be removed once the total room charge has gone through on the account - WRONG! At this moment my card has approved, and been charged both the total charge for the weekend AND the $150 "insurance". I am calling back today to get this sorted. The only thing this place has going for it is the location on the strip OVERALL : Monte Carlo = Monte Crapo!!
4	Hotel 32 a boutique hotel on 32nd floor is so kouch hetter then the rest of the resort..but the resort in general is fine. The service is spectactular, The restaurants offer an exceptional assortment to choose from, the dealers are nice, and the lounges were a blast. Conveniently located adjacent to City center as well
4	This is just for the pool.  First if you have ever been to the Mandalay pool this one is similar.  The lazy river is suppose to be bigger but it looked to be about the same. You can bring in your own tube or they will rent them to you for a fee.   They also have a wave pool which my daughter is able to get in.  At the Mandalay she is not tall enough.  The best thing about this pool is that they have a nice shade area.  Some of the others pools on the strip have shade you can but at a high price or really just non to speak of.  We will be back.
4	Just got back from spending a long weekend here with my husband for a belated celebration of our anniversary!Pros:- FAST CHECK-IN: this could not have been easier, very straightforward- GOOD MAID SERVICE: Housekeeping started coming around early on our floor (like 8:00AM) and the maids were very nice about giving us extra shampoo every day- CONCIERGE DESK: we were able to pick up our tickets for shows at other MGM hotels at the Monte Carlo, which was super convenient!- TRAM TO CRYSTALS AND BELLAGIO: in 100+ degree heat, the air-conditioned tram service to the city center and Bellagio hotel was a godsend.  - EXPRESS CHECKOUT: there are a number of ways to easily check out of the hotel (checkout is at 11:00AM) and the hotel really wants to streamline checkout so that there aren't a ton of people clogging up the lobby like it is at other hotels- FOOD COURT: because not every meal in Vegas has to take place in a buffet or a pricey restaurant.  There's Starbucks, McDonalds, Subway, Sbarro pizza, Nathan's hot dogs, Mexican, etc here and is great if you're traveling with kids.  Cons:- WHERE'S THE GUIDEBOOK?: usually when I stay at a hotel, there's some sort of binder or guidebook that they leave for their guests that gives info about room service, Vegas shows, restaurants in the hotel, etc... for some reason there wasn't one in our room, so my husband and I were forced to keep the Monte Carlo channel on TV on endless loop to find out info about the hotel and things to do.  - TOO MANY CHAIRS AT THE POOL: I don't know why they do this, but they've packed the pool area with so many lounge chairs that it is literally like sardines in a can.  It's uncomfortable and makes it very awkward to get back and forth from your chair.  - LAZY RIVER TOO PACKED: maybe the concept of a lazy river has evolved since the last time I was in one, but getting into the Monte Carlo lazy river is like pulling into rush hour traffic on the 5.  Like the chair situation, it's congested and uncomfortable.  Other useful things to know:- There's a little shopping section next to the food court that has a big candy store, women's clothing, bath accessories, cupcakes, frozen-yogurt, and crepes... Monte Carlo is trying really hard to cater to people who don't necessarily want to spend all their time gambling and clubbing and/or people with kids- Guests were bringing large coolers packed with bottles of spring water (and other beverages) because it's $5.50 per bottle of water at the hotel- You can't bring outside food or drink into the pool area and your bag WILL get checked for it- Inner tubes can be rented from the pool area for the lazy river, and after 2PM they're only $5 each- If you forget sunscreen or other toiletries, don't purchase from the Monte Carlo convenience store, the prices are outrageous!  Instead, walk across the street to ABC Store or Walgreens, or try the 24-hour CVS just 1 block down the strip.
1	This hotel is horrible. It started by the hour wait in line to check in. Next the rooms. They are nasty. Stains on the walls, broken lamps, shredded stained carpets, bubbling wallpaper, dirty windows, holes in sheets. AND THE DUST.  And trust me I could go on and on.  Called and complained but honestly they know the hotel is a junk pile. They offered to move all 6 of us but why? From one junky room to another, not worth the time. A friend had a worker walk in her room at 1 am to fix her shower. What is up with that? She complained to the hotel manager and though he was nice it didn't make up for the hell hole. They did comp us a $300 food credit which we only used $100 of.I will never stay in any MGM property because of this. You are better off staying on freemont.
3	not bad.  consider several details before booking.whatever the rate is.... always add at least 35-40 bucs/day. these are resort fees and taxes.  also.. if considering a suite... dont expect lotsa of sleeping space.   the room is large..but not for several persons. kinda waste of money.  stick to a standard room and save on the taxes.  make sure you get a players card thru m-life and you will get points for both dining and gambling. they will send you awesome offers.   location is smack in the middle of the strip. everything is clean and the staff is kinda friendly.  overall goodvalue
3	3 stars only because the pool is fantastic!  I love the lazy river, and love the wave pool.  Check in took foreeeeverrr and we were even early, at least there was not an early check in fee.  The room was less than mediocre, but cant complain much because it was comped, thanks MLife.  My biggest complaint was Housekeeping was soooo loud at all times of the day.  Like yelling down the hall joking around Loud!  Other than that... the biggest Pro's:The PoolThe Pub (omg to die for wings and beer)The Monorail between there and BellagioThe Cupcake Place(And the slots were pretty nice to me - at least enough to keep on playin!)If you can... upgrade your room!!
4	For the price it is an excellent hotel.When it comes down to it, in Vegas the restaurants, casinos, etc are not particularly important in the hotel you are staying at because you can walk for 5 minutes to go next door.  In those terms this hotel is one the best hotels in Vegas because it is cheapish while being perfectly located to quickly get you to the Bellagio, Aria and other much more expensive hotels with better food and casino options. BUT this place also comes with an above average pool that other similarly priced hotels lack. It also has a food court with very cheap food options that a lot of other hotels lack.  I will walk a mile to eat at a nice restaurant but it is pretty hard to walk that far for a McDonalds... having the option for some cheap eats helps your wallet while also allowing you not have to spend 1hr+ at every meal.We would stay here again but next time will probably spring for a hotel a level up (and no kids).
1	Never again.  The rooms are not that nice and the charges are outrageous.  We checked in for a three night stay which I got at a great deal since we stayed last year (which was just bad as well, but I thought I would give them a second chance and take advantage of saving some money), but then they wanted to add an additional 50.00 (150.00!!)  per night as security ON TOP OF the 20.00 per day "resort fee"!!?!?  I don't think so!! I think they got the clue when I told them I would not be paying that and we were more than prepared to take our business elsewhere.  All of a sudden they were "nice enough" to "waive" that made up fee.  NEVER AGAiN!!! DON'T DO IT!!!!  If you don't have the money to visit Vegas properly, save a little longer! This place is a discgrace to Vegas!!
2	I really wanted to give three stars, but I could not get past the lack of wifi in the rooms.  That is inexcusable.The check-in desk is close to the entrance from the parking garage.  That is not the case at some casinos.  It is convenient.  The check-in process takes far too long for me, but it is right in line with most other casinos.  They all need to get together and figure out a simpler system.The rooms are OK.  They are average sized.  They are in decent shape.  The bathroom could use an update though.  You have to use a cable for Internet connection which is a shame.  That is not helpful for your iPad.There are several fast food options on site which is convenient late at night.  It could use some more sit down options though.  The cigar lounge is a great place to relax while enjoying a good cigar and drink.The pool area is OK.  The lazy river is a good idea, but you cannot drink while floating in it, so the cool factor goes away quickly.Overall this place is OK for the price.  It is close to hot spots in Aria and Cosmopolitan.
2	Shower was funkycasino wasn't luckycame up to my room tv on the fritzwould have been better to stay at the ritzthe no wi-fi could make a man cryi did like the bed BUTi was naked when the maid poked in her head
2	Quite disappointed with this hotel.- Bed was disappointing.. pillows were stiff, blanket and sheets were uncomfortable and cheap. There was not even a fitted sheet to cover the mattress--literally just a normal sheet thrown over it and tucked under! Needless to say it came off the mattress when slept on.- We were not told at check-in that we were booked in a handicapped room. This meant the shower was really ugly and practically impossible to use--showerhead was like 5 feet tall. Floor in the shower made a loud creaking noise when you moved around. The dial to control the temperature was broken. What a JOKE. At least ASK us at check-in if we want the handicapped room with the shitty shower!- I always use the extra lock on the door at night in hotels, but there was not one on the door. I forgot to put the "do not disturb" sign out the first night, and at 10am housekeeping knocked once and opened the door. My boyfriend and I were still sleeping. Naked. I screamed. Not cool. Checkout time is 11.. Why would you have maids going around before 11 cleaning rooms?-Tried to get in a mid-day nap. That was useless. Pool party was raging EXTREMELY LOUDLY outside, and we could hear all of it, even on the 25th floor. I understand it's vegas and people want to rage at the pool, but seriously, sound-proof those windows or some shit.- Watched some TV, and every 10 seconds the screen would get all messed up with static. Really? -NO WIFI IN THE ROOMS! There was a cable to plug in to your laptop, but we couldn't even get that to work! Overall: Surely you could find more disappointing hotel rooms, but this place was just not very nice at all. Needs a facelift... updated decor and bedding for sure. I expected more from a place that really TRIES to look luxurious.On the plus side, it's a great location on the strip. And didn't see any bugs. I think that's about it.
3	Stayed at the Monte Carlo during EDC 2013. I ended up splitting the room with two friends. The room had two beds, and an extra roll-away bed would cost something like $35-40/night. Something to consider if you're going to need one.Anyway, the hotel and casino are decent. It's not the fanciest place on the strip, but it definitely isn't a bad place to stay. Everything in the room was clean and functional. Cellular signal was pretty bad in the room, as it is on most of the strip, and WiFi was either not working or not offered. I wasn't the person who booked it, so I can't say for sure.There's a food court in the restaurant, which is decent if you need something quick and cheap to eat. The Blue Man Group also performs here.Overall, my stay at the Monte Carlo was pretty enjoyable. If you can book it for a good price, go for it. It's currently undergoing renovation, though it seems like only the entrance from the strip will be improved.
3	The rooms are dingy, and customer service is not up to par. I would not recommend this place.
1	I stayed at here for two nights and there was mold in the tub and the shower drain was clogged.  The swimming pools were nothing to get excited about. I won't stay here again.
1	So if you want a room that looks like it belongs in the early 90's with rips in the lampshades this hotel is for you. We decided to book a few nights here since Hyatt diamond membership now transfers to mlife statues that's equal. Unlike Hyatt who really makes a point in letting you know that they appreciate choosing them, here does not. We didn't get any upgrade or extra anything plus worst rooms ever.    In the room you can hear any little noise from the hallway which makes it hard to sleep. Plus our room was nonsmoking but smelled musty and smoked in pretty often. The view is the outside rooftop and when I opened the window curtain workers were outside waving at me. Not far away 1 foot away workers just sitting up there and chatting.  The other oddity was the lampshades were ripped in places. Next time we are on the strip we will defiantly choose outside mlife brand hotels.
1	The buffet was horrible for the price. Pay tge exta $10 and go to the Belagio or similar hotel.  Food was salty, low quality, and server s weren't very nice. Seating area is very uncomfortable.  Last thing I left gratuity but you get your own drinks.  If your looking for a quick bite to eat then this is the place for you.  There was no line.  Now I see why.
5	This place is big and nice. I love how they give away 2 breakfast buffet tickets that cover 21.50/person and its available at 4 other buffets, not just at monte carlo. I love the room its affordable and nice with comfy beds, I slept like a baby. This place is hard to navigate where to go(food place).  Friendly staffs, easy check ins, took me less than 10mins.Hoping to come back here in the future.
4	We booked this through Hotels.com and received two buffet complimentary tickets (used a the Mirage Buffet.. separate review)... With resort fee it came to $80-ish minus the $54 buffet credits... it worked out to be $30-ish.. (we stay for two days and the buffet tickets were per stay, so my bill equated to $50-ish) still not bad for a Hotel right on the Strip. Compared Mandalay Bay ($180ish a night) it's not going to win but this hotel does have a lazy pool and wave pool for the kids as well.  The rooms were nice and the AC was quiet, beds were comfy.  The only thing I don't understand about this hotel is the Maid service.. upon entering the room, in the bath room, there were hair (of all types on the bathroom floors, I thought OK, so the maid didn't swipe the floors well enough.  Anywho next day, after the housekeeping, I notice more hair (different types).. I suspect our maid didn't rinse the mop well enough to clear.  Otherwise I would have rated this hotel higher...BTW.. no WiFi avail
5	I came here for their Grand opening weekend 15+ years ago, and have been back a few times since. Not just because we get great deals and it's really nice, but because the wave pool and lazy river pool rock! We even snuck into the Monte Carlo pool once because the hotel we were staying (at down the strip - which we referred to as the "Dump behind the dump") had a sucky pool which paled in comparison. Not that I just love family friendly hotels, which this hotel is, but I don't mind it here, because the pool area is big enough for everyone. The buffet is good and the location is close to the overpass that takes you into the MGM. There, you can catch the Monorail all the way to the north end of the strip. If laying by the pool or riding an inner-tube around the lazy river all day doesn't float you boat, you can walk next door and ride the roller coaster at the New York, New York hotel. In the evenings, it isn't too far to walk to the Bellagio to watch their famous free outdoor water show. For me, I preferred to lay by the pool and drown my hangover with a little hair of the dog, then gamble in the Monte Carlo casino - hopeful I'd win enough money to pay for some drinks one of their many bars. I think my favorite thing about the hotel is the clean, quiet feel. The clubs/lounges can be loud, as well as the gigantic gaming floor, but when I'm tired and need a comfy bed to take a nap before hitting the clubs or the strip, this hotels' beds and nicely decorated rooms suit my needs just fine. You can also find some really good rates at the Monte Carlo; half what you'd pay at the new boutique-ish hotels.
4	Ya here for a beer pong tournament. The REAL beer pong that plays with a paddle.. Lots of fun but no night life going on here at this hotel. Great steak though at Brands! Best piece of cattle ever had!
3	Hmm...I have mixed feelings about this place. The Pros:-Lazy river! :) wave pool!The Cons:-ice vending machine on our floor was not working -shower head was leaky-bathroom smelled like smoke even though it was a non-smoking room (bad vent?)-front desk workers contradicted one another and give me different answers when i asked them about the complimentary buffet passes (if you don't know the answer, please ask your supervisor!)-mandatory resort feeThe $20 resort fee per day also had a 12% tax on it. During check in we tried to get them to waive the fee since we never use the amenities the resort fee is supposed to cover (i.e., coffee and water bottle in the room, printing service, newspaper, etc).  however, their policy is that the fee is mandatory for everyone.Also, when we booked our room, it came with 2 complimentary buffets. I was very annoyed that when I asked 3 different people from the front desk how to use the complimentary buffets (like, is it for breakfast? lunch? Is there a max value to it?) they each gave me a different answer. Overall, 2.5 but since my previous stays here were not as terrible, I'll round up to 3 stars
2	I have stayed here a few times but this time, I probably will not come back again.  I mean, this hotel is okay but there are some things that I did not like.  Check in was a breeze.  We booked our hotel a month in advanced so there was a great offer that came with the rooms we booked.  Two free complimentary buffet tickets for each room that we booked which means a total of 4!  Okay so this deal sold us into booking the rooms.  As we checked in, the tickets were explained to us that the buffet for lunch was free but there would be an additional cost for dinner.  WHAT?! I thought it was free! LAME!!  They did also give us some vouchers to other buffets to use if we did not want to eat at Monte Carlo. It was a voucher of $33 a person each so we decided to eat at Cravings at Mirage.  Got to our rooms, first thing we had to do was pee since it was a long drive.. TOILET did not flush!!!  Called a person to come fix it and after a few minutes, it was fixed.  Brought some food from home and there is no fridge :(  That is something I think should be in all hotels!  View was horrible.  Got a view of the rooftops of other buildings.  Took a shower, and the towel that I got had dirty stains on it :(  GROSS!  Just wiped that towel all over my body!The only good thing I thought was the pool.  It was definitely not a party scene which I like because all I want to do is relax and get a nice tan.  Great lazy pool, although it does cost money to rent a donut tube ($12 for a small, $15 for a big one).  There is also a mini tidal wave in another pool as well, and there is also sand and a volleyball net around the corner.  Lots of shade if you don't like the sun but there is definitely chairs for you to get a tan where there are not trees.  Feeling hot from the sun, they have self served water in paper cone cups too!  I'd definitely take kids here.  They would have fun.Overall, the stay wasn't too bad but for a cheap price, I'd expect that.NOTE:-bring your own donut tube for the pool-$25 resort fee-free valet (just tip them)-blue man group performs here
2	I won't stay here again! The first room air did not work, switched to another room the next day & that air didn't work! Staff is friendly but did nothing in the way of upgrading our room. I will stay at Paris because they always make my stay a pleasant experience. BTW no WI-FI unless we left the room to go to Starbucks!
3	I'm not crazy about casinos to begin with, let that be said. I found everything here to be fine, not great, not bad...just fine. For $107 a night, its a great location. It has a indoor pathway to the Aria and City Center next door, so you'll never run out of things to keep you busy. I can't speak to the tables or shows, but the restaurants are above average.
2	Not very impressed at all. I booked a "suite" anticipating the type of suites I am used to in Vegas. I was very dissapointed with how lack lustre it was. It definitely should not be classified as such. The employee that checked us in told us that we would have a "beautiful view of the pool" which ended up being the tops of air conditioner units. I called down to express my concerns and they told me that there were no other rooms available and I was basically just screwed. there was no offer of any kind of resolution. The casino was good and the food was good but everything else was not worth it. I will never book this hotel again.
1	Had the worst experience ever! I booked my suite over a month ahead of time for my boyfriend's bday celebration. We arrived on a Friday and checked in at 2:45pm. At check In they said our room would not be ready until 5pm! I had dinner reservations and had to get ready. We killed time by getting something to eat. We came to check up at 4pm to see if our room was ready or to request a new room. According to them everything was book. After 10 minutes they claimed our room was ready. We rushed to our room to find the door wide open and a maid still cleaning the floor which had a big spilled wine looking stain on it. We had to wait an additional 20 minutes outside. After we walked in we both took our shoes off and walked right over the stain and the carpet was soaked!. We immediately went downstairs and switched us to another room (I was told 30 minutes before that everything else was booked!!) Once we got our other room we only had a 1 person Jacuzzi, not a 2 person Jacuzzi just how it states on their website, the living room was full of crumbs and there were ashes in the front rest room with garbage on the floor, the upholstered chairs had huge dark, nasty stains on them and our view sucked. We were already too exhausted to go complain again so we waited until the following morning. After I spoke to the manager they had no other room to switch us into so they sent up maids to address the issues and they replaced our chairs. The manager claimed and admitted that their hotel is in desperate need of renovations which actually will be started next year. The sofa was extremely stained and we found baby toys and so much garbage under the cushions. By the 2nd day the rest room stopped working. Wifi does not work! You get no cell phone reception in your rooms! Our drinks took 1 day and a half to finally cool in the mini fridge. The room is really dark and the 3 lamps they have in there barely give you lighting. The wet bar area has plenty of lightning but does not extend to the living room. One lamp in living room makes no difference at all. On a plus side room service was fast, maids cleaned up restrooms and made our bed really well during our stay. The manager at the front desk was really helpful and quick to solve the issues we found in our room but I felt like half the time I was in Vegas I was at the front desk complaining about a new issue I found. Having paid for a "suite" I was really surprised of the condition of the room it was in and all the issues it had with it. I did not use their pool or gym but the buffet was good and the casino area was good and plenty availability for slot machines and tables. I would not go back there again.
2	We stayed here when we came to Vegas a few weeks ago. We decided on this place based off the pool really. I was VERY disappointed with the rooms. Very rundown, there were rips in the lampshades, stains on the bedding, mold in the bathroom, and broken furniture all throughout the room. And No wifi in the room. There was a hard wire you could plug in, but they doesn't help me much for my iPad. They offer Wifi in the lobby. Thanks,Are there some rundown hotels on the strip? Yes. Are there some really nice hotels on the strip? Absolutely. When I come back to Vegas again (I go about twice a year) I will not be back. Although, I do have to say, Amanda at the front desk was a total delight! Very helpful during my check in when I had a million questions.
5	I love this hotel. The spa suites are so much fun. The restaurants are great and the hotel is beautiful. I love the spa and pool. I think the Monte Carlo and Paris Hotel are my favorites on Vegas.
3	We rented a Jacuzzi Suite overlooking the strip on the last Friday in August.It was nice, nothing spectacular.  Much of the room was the standard 'clean' but there were some parts that were badly neglected.The carpets were dirty in some areas, the tub had rings and other marks where glasses and tubes ( I don't want to know if they were tubes of toothpaste or lubricant) once were, in other words the maids didn't wipe down the tub surroundings before we got our room.The electric curtain and lighting above the tub didn't work.Dirty gunk on the backside of a  least one of the nightstands.The price was over $250 for the night.  Holiday weekend.
2	Checked in and noticed that the bed sheets had all kinds of stains, ranging from blood to marker. Called the front desk and they promised to replace it.After returning from a trip down the Las Vegas Strip, I noticed that the bed sheets had been flipped over, so that the stains were present a bit higher.This place is affordable, but downright filthy. Would not recommend it.
2	We stayed here for a couple of days this summer. The beds were the best part of our stay since they were super comfortable. We honestly didn't stay here that much after we discovered the tram to Aria. We spent a lot more time there than we did at the Monte Carlo. It was decent for what we paid. The pool area is nice since there are a lot of options. Food is alright.
1	Stayed here last month.  I have since talked to guest services and was given a 50.00 credit for my stay.  Makes up for some of the terrible service.  First the good- the pool area is great, but you can't take anything in not even water.  Brand Lounge is amazing.  It's small, but great music and the best service we had was here.The bad- There is no wifi in the rooms only the lobby, the rooms are dated (but i could live with that since I wasn't there much), I had a smoking room and the ashtray was taken and not replaced, the service all around was terrible from the place we ate to the concierge desk.  If you're looking for a cheap place to stay this would work.  But don't expect service with that.
3	seriously vegas veterans are spoiled.  unless there is a convention in town, this spot is a great deal for the $$.we got:- cheapie rooms!- tram to the schanmcier spots like bellagio/hello!- free valet - don't bother parking in self-park and lug in the bags.  it's freeeeee + tip.the small VIP club is teeny but we were just there to dance before a 5k race 1.5 hours later.  ok, who am i kidding?  the group raced, i met them at brekkie.i'm a foodie not a gambler so i lost a whopping $1.50.the food spots do close early but ya'll got feet and it's vegas.  walk a little to the bars and buffets!  might do ya some good - try it in 5" heels for a solid calf work out.dings: walls are thin.  we were set until the last night when some family with screaming kiddos moved in next door.  bring ear plugs.as for the $20 resort fee - lots of places stick that in. be sure to factor in parking, wifi and other goodies like free brekkie before committing if you are on a budget.  otherwise, just head elsewhere.  it's vegas! take a cab.  better yet, a limo.the pool part-ee was fun with unce-unce tunes so like i said, bring ear plugs if you want to sleep in.  the food and alchie is super reasonable. have fun, nap, have more fun, nap, repeat until you take off.xx
3	I definitely had fun at the Monte Carlo. Me and my friends came to celebrate some birthdays and friendships and we had a ball. The Casino wasn't as exciting there vs other hotels on the strip but it was nice. The breakfast buffet was okay, the other fast food restaurants such as subways and McDonalds was definitely over priced though. The pool was fun but I wish the DJ played other music such as hip hop n r&b and pop. It was strictly techno, which was not fun. Some of the wait staff at the pool didn't have the best customer service.
2	Giving it 2 stars because it does have a really nice pool area.   As far as the room goes...gross.   The wallpaper was ripped in the bathroom, the towels smelled like mold.   There was mold on the shower and there were stains on the bed sheets.   I go to Vegas all the time and I can honestly tell you that I will not be back here again.  I would rather pay more money and stay in a nicer hotel.   They really need to update that place.
4	Amazing Hotel with alot to see and do!very nice hotel. Lazy river pool is great for kids.
1	This is the 3rd time I've been to Vegas!!! The worst experience I've ever had, I checked in in the afternoon, when we get in the room sink was plugged! We supposed to get one king size bed they gave us 2 queen beds...... I can hear my neighbor talk about where they gonna go, and not surprised they throw a party at 2 am, it's Vegas I know!!! But come on~~~ go out and party please! Most importantly don't let the beautiful pix on their website fool you, from the experience if " The Ventian" and Bellagio , this place looks like a 90 dollars roadway inn!!!Don't come, if you wanna have fun in Vegas
1	This place is really low rent!  Gave us two queens when booked a king!  The bathroom sink won't drain and you can hear everything going on in the rooms next to you!! Complained about the party next door twice and it continued into the morning.  Will not stay here again and advise others to look elsewhere if looking for something nice.
3	Moderately priced. Located at the South end of the Strip. Pool area is nice, but was dirty and crowded (food wrappers in the pool). Rooms had a good view, but poor soundproofing, no wifi, and no fridge (unless you upgrade to the deluxe rooms).
2	Room was decent but LOUD! You can hear everything in the hallway and the next room, no sleep and the AC didn't work with a damn. Purchased a large coffee at their Starbucks on my way to the pool and was told I couldn't go out to the pool with it? F off! Nice sports bar and casino but wouldn't stay here again, ever!
3	For this price ,I couldnt ask for anything more.Room was clean,friendly staff,pool was ok.Location wasnt bad.Complimentary WiFi is a big plus!
2	Place is falling apart!  Just outside of the Blue Man Group theater is a bikini clad dancer on to of the bar ( and not good ones). Is this a down town club?  Come on Monte Carlo, clean it up, decorate, replacetorn furniture. Your on the strip and supposed to be better.
3	Location, Location, Location. That's always the most important thing I suppose. Without such I would rate this place 1-2 stars.This hotel looks older than many of the others. Very apparent in the bathrooms. The lobby smells very strange. Not bad, but not good at all either. Oh, and walking down to the blvd on the New York New York side smells horrible. Dumpsters out there so hold your nose if you try it. The room smelled weird too. Almost like a bad fruity spray or air freshener. Overall, just lots of weird smells in this place.The fact that this hotel connects to the Tram is its biggest asset by far. Tram stops are Crystals/Aria and the Bellagio. The location on the strip isn't too shabby itself just below city center. There was a CVS/Walgreens across the blvd.The pool starts playing music around 8:30am. Strange since 1/3 of the rooms are effected by this. 10am seems much more appropriate, maybe even 12pm. Why music so early??? Pool area has a lazy river and sand volleyball, among the typical Vegas pool amenities.We caught the Blue Man Group show the first night. There is a 'parade' through the casino (without the blue men) featuring a few props from the show. Kinda cool to see. Not huge though, less than 15 people/things in the parade.I would stay here again if I find another awesome vacation package. Without that I wouldn't put much effort into trying to stay here again. Not because it's horrible, there's just a lot of other great options on the strip.P.S. no WiFi!!
2	Stayed in this hotel my first time in Vegas, back in 2005... I thought it was like staying at the Bellagio back then (rookie)I've been going to Vegas every other year. This year it was the "Reunion, the comeback" to The Monte Carlo.Tsk Tsk Tsk.. no impressed. I'll start off with the Pros:1-The location! muy bueno. you can walk to any popular spot or nightclub from this hotel 2-The Tram: ok if you don't wanna walk (see#1), then you can take the tram that can take you from the Monte Carlo to the Aria Hotel to the Bellagio3- the Pool: 3 different pools, one with waves!..... really mellow (except Saturday, it was poppin'!), really hot servers, and it  also has a volleyball court (not, that ur going to vegas for a pick up game of Volleyball, but just so u know)4- ask for comp late checkout..you just might hit the jackpot and get it for frrrrreeeee!5- not bad for the $$ BUT........Once you enter the "deluxe" rooms with strip view:(Cons):1- the carpet in the room look outdated, old, somewhat dirty.2- The "Deluxe" part of the deal for our room... i wasn't feelin' it. It felt like we were staying in a Motel 6. It had no fridge, not microwave, small bathroom3- can't BYOD to the pool area4- food court staff are rude, terrible, incompetent: (Starbucks: couldn't get the most basic, simple, easiest drink to prepare, right: a Chocolate milk. really!? Banana bread: bad.Sbarros (sp): gave an incomplete order and when i made brought it up to them they were making a big deal as if I was trying to get a free meal... McDonald's:.... just don't go there.The score is tied at 1 for now, 1 good experience (2005), one not so good (2013),  we'll see next time....
2	I was so excited to book at Monte Carlo because my uncles had stayed there last year during the Mexican Independence day. So, I arrived Sunday afternoon and all the sheets were ripped and the restroom was so dirty. The tub had tons of hairs and had mold. This was suppose to be a 4 star hotel however it was more like a 2 star hotel. The only sort of luxurious part of the hotel is the lobby. It is definetly not worth the money you are paying.
4	We just stayed at this hotel and it was nice especially for the price.  I was a little scared to stay there after read some of these reviews, but my experience was a good one.  Yes the walls are thin so you can hear things,  but a lot of Hotels are like that if people are loud. The only thing I did not like was the fact that you pay a resort fee and you can't bring anything to drink or eat by the pool, not even a bottled water.  That is why i only give it a 4 star rating. But I will say the staff was great, and I would stay there again for sure.
4	This review won't be too helpful to anyone, but I still wanted to write about the place.  I've only stayed here once.  The room was average for a hotel on the Strip.  If I were to compare it to a room not in Vegas, then I'd give our room at the Monte Carlo Hotel a 5 star rating.  Since I'm comparing it to other hotels in Vegas, I'd have to give them 3 stars instead.  Room was clean, tastefully decorated, comfortable, and I got a great night's sleep.I have not eaten at any of the restaurants here so no help there.  I haven't even eaten at their buffet.  What I do like about the Monte Carlo is the casino.  I'm not a high roller.  My budget nowadays is $20 to $50 for gambling whenever we go to Vegas, and I have never gone over the budget.  I pretty much consider that money a donation.  At Monte Carlo, though, my $20 turned into $500!!  That's why I'm giving them 4 stars!  I'm a fan of a casino that will give me money!Another positive about the place is the location.  It is walking distance to all the major hotels on the Strip.  Very convenient.Bottom line is I probably would not stay here again unless the price was right.  I will play again at their casino though!  Maybe next time, my $20 will turn into $1000!!
3	Got it on a bid from Priceline as a FOUR-star hotel so be warned. Good deal though and all we needed the room for was for sleep. I was totally expecting the worse based on Yelp reviews but it wasn't that bad. Checked in around 1 am so and weekend of iHeartradio festival so rooms were sold out and I'm guessing because we got it through Priceline, the lady couldn't give us an upgrade.Got a King Deluxe on the 24th floor "strip view" but it was overlooking the bottom half of the hotel so it was kinda ugly but you could see the strip. No torn lamp shades but we did see some white hairs in the bathroom and that was pretty gross. Room is a bit outdated and worn but it served its purpose. Hotel was alright..loved the tram to Bellagio. A bit sad we couldn't utilize the pools but it did look like a lotta fun. I would come back...It wasn't like a "Motel 6" experience to me.
5	Stayed here for a couple of nights.  We got one free night with the resort fee comped to us because of the MyVegas rewards.  Stayed an additional night for about $59.00.  The room was very nice as well as the bathroom.  All staff we dealt with was fantastic and enthusiastic.  Nataly and James at the front desk were great as well. Even the houskeeping staff was really nice to us when we needed something.  When I saw how nice the room was, I couldn't believe I had once paid the same price to stay at  a roach-ridden Motel 6.  The pool area was fun.  My husband, son and I had lots of fun in the Lazy River, Wave pool and regular pool. We would definately stay at Monte Carlo again.
3	I stayed at MC a few years ago and while it wasn't a dump it needed a facelift.  It appears that it's received one.  Not sure about the regular rooms but the junior suite I had was fantastic for the price.  It's about 700 SQ Ft and I enjoyed the extra space in the lounge area and the second bathroom.Most important they have improved the beds or the beddings.  The bed was almost as comfortable as a Westin Heavenly bed.The front of the MC was fairly bland and restaurant options limited.  They've made big strides with the addition of Diablo.  The Pub has been one of my Strip faves for years and it's still a good option, especially for game day, but it's not quite the value that it used to be.  The pool area is much nicer too with the addition of sand volleyball and the wave pool.  The downside to the pool though is that the sun is limited by all the surrounding buildings.  The area in the middle gets sun most of the day but most of the areas have a 4 hour window depending on the time of the day.  I'm going to give the MC kudos for stepping up its game and making major improvements.  My one complaint is that they charge premium prices on food & beverage for a non premium hotel.  The MC is in the middle or low end for the MGM franchise and its pool doesn't warrant $14 cocktails.  I will compliment the casino for not jacking it's minimums, even on weekend nights you can still find $10 BJ.  Avoid the tables near the front with the Go-Go dancers due to the poor odds.  6-5 BJ rather than 3-2 and no surrender.
2	If you can't fall asleep after too much Vegas stimulation, just look at the tired atmosphere around this place and you'll be nodding off in no time.  Good news is it's attached to Aria and very close to MGM Grand and New York New York
2	Very outdated and appeared very isolated when it came to patrons despite the busy lobby. I booked a corner room suite and it felt like an oversized studio... actually a huge studio! I was not happy at all with the layout and when I waited for my friend to come and go, I kept the door propped open, it was so quiet.. almost too quiet and the atmosphere was eery! I would not stay there again.
2	Alright, I really loved the Monte Carlo until I stayed there this weekend.  We stayed in the "Diamond Suite", room 170001.  It's spacious but severely out dated.  The first shower we went to take the shower drain clogged right away, the jetted spa tub was rusty and had particles floating in it.  I called to have maintenance come up and unclog the shower.  I had to do this 4 times within a 2 day period.  The room location faces the back side where the freeways are, very noisy.  You can hear people showering next door, flushing the toilet and coughing.  The next night we decided to go eat at their buffet, um...YUCK!  Stand clear even if you get a free buffet with your room purchase.  The food was awful, cold and unappetizing. I wish someone would have warned us before we paid $54.00 for two people.  The casino is very smokey and I felt like I was suffocating walking through.  I won't be staying at this hotel again.
3	I was excited to stay here for the wave pool and lazy river, so we booked it for our last night on Sunday, when there was a cheaper price. This place is kind of a let down. It's a bit outdated and old. There's old carpet everywhere that needs cleaning and it just feels old. Our room was average, and a bit dirty. The shower was cramped, small and narrow. The shower head leaked a lot, and so the water was always running and we couldn't turn it off fully. The shower spray was also poor because no matter how hard you tried to close the shower curtain, it seemed to always spray outside the shower, leaving the floor wet. Also, the clock radio in our room was broken. It wouldn't play any sound. We called and they gave us a new one, but they didn't even take the old one away to repair. The new one was a different model and with both on the nightstand, took up too much room.We had a view of the back of NY NY, and the parking lot -- they called it the Mountain View. It's fine; I don't care that much about the view, but thought that was kinda funny. You could see the faint mountains a bit.The wave pool was super small and dinky. The waves were very small, and the pool was small. Also, they don't allow tubes or floats in the wave pool, so that kinda sucked. Of course, there's not outside food or drinks in the pool area, so be prepared for that. They will check bags. A plastic water bottle is apparently allowed though.The wave pool was OK. It's more fun than a pool, and we brought our own tube with us, but the pool was filled with lots of drunk middle aged people who were standing around at one spot of the river, smoking and spilling drinks, and cluttering up the flow. Every time you went around, it was dreadful to try and make it through the narrow passageway to get by them. It was a constant, gross bottleneck. People shouldn't be allowed to permanently loiter in there while smoking and getting ash in the river. Kinda gross. The pool was in the shade and was freezing, so we didn't go in there. Unfortunately the hotel and others nearby create huge shadows in the pool area, and actually made it too cold in some spots. I didn't expect that in Vegas, but be warned. The hot tub was alright.The location is OK. It's across from M&M World, and Coca Cola, but it's kinda far from the main hub of the strip. I stayed here because I wanted a great pool, but I'm not sure I would come back for that as it was a let down. If I found a decent price, I'd prefer to stay at Mandalay Bay for their pool facilities, or Flamingo for their water slide, great location and cheap rates. I'm not convinced I'd come back here. It desperately needs a renovation.
3	2.5 StarsI would consider Monte Carlo to be a mid-level Vegas hotel. It's not fancy & nice like the Wynn or Cosmo, where you want all your friends to know that you're staying there. However it does not belong with the Excalibur and Circus Circus class either, where you DON'T want people to come hang out in your hotel room. I've stayed at the Monte Carlo a few times now, the most recent being in September. We booked a block of rooms. It was great that they let us check in early (without having to pay a fee like Planet Hollywood) and managed to keep all the rooms on the same floor. The room itself definitely needs a face lift. (Hopefully they will get around to it after they have completely the exterior renovations.) You can see the age in the furniture. We stayed in both the Diamond Suite and also the normal Deluxe room. The Deluxe room is your typical hotel room, no frills. The Diamond Suite was of course bigger. Loved the 2 people jacuzzi in the bathroom. The tub literally had 2 spots wide enough for 2 people to be side by side of one another. (Which is great since the typical jacuzzi is much smaller and you can't lay down.) The bedroom is separated from the rest of the suite. The living area had its own separate restroom, along with everything you would expect in a typical living room. There is also a wet bar that came with a mini fridge (not stocked) and a sink.Nearly all of the hotels on the Strip has imposed the daily resort fee and the Monte Carlo is no different. Internet is included in the cost however the fact that the rooms do not have WiFi makes me not too thrill with having to pay for something that I can not use (there is a hardline that you can use for internet but my iPad and my phone sure as hell don't have those ports!). Aside from the "internet",  you get 2 (small) bottles of water and Keurig coffee. One thing I do like about the Monte Carlo: LOCATION. It's almost to the center of the Strip and if you forget anything, there is a CVS right next door (food, drinks, souvenir, etc.)Would I stay here again? Sure, why not. It has the potential to be a great hotel. Hope the remodeling will make it so that it will be a place where I would WANT to book instead of being a backup hotel.
1	I have to be in Vegas for my friend's wedding and there is the iHeart music festival going on, so we went with the cheapest four star hotel on the Strip.Long story short, $240 a night is a complete rip-off, I have stayed in Comfort Inn that has better room than this place, I mean, no refrigerator for a four star hotel ? Are you shitting me ?And I really hope their housekeeping crew enjoy my gift,two hours after I check out I found out that I left something in the night stand,call their Lost and Found Dept and report the room number and location of the item well before the earliest check in time,10 days later now and they still told me item not found, makes me wonder who gets their hand on it.
2	Hotel staff people are very nice and do what they can to accommodate. Unfortunately, hotel needs to be fumigated and updated...see bug pic posted.First given room on eighth floor -disappointing.Upon check-in found a silver fish insect skittering on the wall near filthy air conditioning duct. Carpet was filthy. Asked for a non-smoking room however reeked of stale smoke.  Felt very dirty.  After finding and trapping critter requested a new room which was given.  Manager stated I would get resort fee credit for 2-days as a sorry you found bug in room; however credit never showed on final bill and I needed to catch a flight.Stayed at Monte Carlo for 5-days, had a conference in sister hotel.Early in morning at about 7am saw many small roaches near food court. Then in late afternoon while standing in line saw huge B-52 roach crawling on woman's shirt back. She was totally not aware! Her husband swatted off roach which ran beneath counter.The second room on the 11th floor overlooking pool -much better.Hotel needs to be fumigated. Needs wifi in room. Additional $10 to use hot whirlpools not worth it. If you tell customer you will get resort credit than follow thru.
2	This is a perfectly serviceable hotel with just plain bad customer service. You'll be fine staying here if you don't have any issues, but woe betide you if you do. The rooms are very meh. Outdated and boring - but who cares how the room looks in Vegas? About customer service. We had an unfortunate incident where (on the recommendation of someone at the front desk) we ended up waiting half an hour in the concierge line for outlet mall shuttle tickets for a shuttle that turned out not to exist. No apology for our long wait, or for being given the wrong info. We were dismissed.I also dealt with some damage to personal property. Housekeeping wedged one of my high heels under the frame of a roll-away bed in the room, and it chewed up the leather on the heel. Okay, fine. These places have insurance, right? The security officer who came to deal with the issue, was rude, dismissive, and had no information about the process of filing a claim. He strongly hinted that if I filed a claim with risk management, I was unlikely to see any kind of compensation from them and it would be out of the hotel's hands at that point. After some back and forth with a manager I was offered a food and beverage credit and to have the resort fees waived to make up for it - neither of which would help me get my shoe fixed, but I elected to take it because they implied the alternative would probably end up being no compensation at all. Using the food and beverage credit was its own hassle. There was a tiny list of places we could use it, and they were all closed by midnight. Since we were given the credit the night before we left, we had to order a massive breakfast...and dinner for later, and snacks...at the cafe the next morning before we checked out of the hotel so we wouldn't lose the credit. The icing on the cake was that when we went to check out, they had not waived the resort fees - in fact, they had charged us twice for them. My friend had to spend half an hour working it all out with a manager while we just sat around. We were offered a 15% discount on future stays for the multiple inconveniences, but obviously we will not be staying here again.All that being said, we did have a few good moments - Preston at the front desk gave us some great suggestions for food and entertainment, so props to him. The staff at the cafe (particularly our waitress Jennifer) were fantastic dealing with our last minute flurry of orders trying to spend the food and beverage credit. And the bell desk very kindly let us leave our bags of extra food with our luggage so we wouldn't have to cart them around all morning, even though it was against their policy. Those good moments bought the hotel an extra star.
1	Boy where do I begin. I booked a strip view room at this hotel about two months in advance. I was a late check in and called the hotel earlier in the day around noon to inform them that I would be checking in around 11PM. As expected, I arrived on the property around 10:30pm and saw that there was a HUGE line for check in. had to wait in line for about 45 minutes until I finally saw a front desk agent.The agent told me that the strip view room I had booked was no longer available, whatever that means. I told the agent that I had fully paid for a strip view room and anything else was unacceptable. In short, the agent told me there was NOTHING he could do except put me up in a non-strip view room, then give me a call the next day around 3PM so I could move to a strip view room.My temporary room was small, bland, utterly boring with a view of the 15 freeway. I waited until 4PM the next day and was not given a call on my room line, nor my cell, as promised by the agent from the night before. I ended up having to call the front desk and after being transferred to 4 different people, I was finally given a room to transfer to with a strip view. I asked that the difference in price from the night before be refunded to me, or comped in some sort of way. My request was denied.Overall, had a horrifying time at this hotel. I was straight up robbed of money for a specific room I paid for fully in advance. If you're not going to give me the type of room I reserve, why even have reservations? Never returning to this dirty hotel ever again, not even to gamble, drink, or eat at any of its restaurants.
2	Impressive from approach, the lobby and casino were up to par with the other places I have stayed in Las Vegas.  The front desk was courteous and friendly. Then, I walked to my room and reality hits.  The coffee machine did not work.  The towel was thread bare.  The caulking around the bathtub was deteriorating. Hints of bacon and eggs serving downstairs permeated in the room in the morning.  Oh, well guess this is what I should expect from a package deal.
4	This is the place to stay if you're on a budget. We managed to fit six girls into one room, so you can imagine that the rooms are decent in size with a big enough bathroom to accommodate all of us.Conveniently located right on the strip and connected to the Aria. Easy access to tram makes it quick and affordable to travel to other places. I particularly like how there is a food court in the hotel. Makes easy access to food after a night of fun in Vegas.
3	cheap hotel rates for sure. but the rooms are just okay. This hotel is considered old and I think they should fix up the hotel rooms a bit. I do like the location of this hotel, even though it's located toward the south side of the strip, they have a monorail that will take you to Aria, City Center and Bellagio. In fact you can just walk to Aria without going outside. No need to worry about scorching hot weather or rainy seasons. If you want a decent room and good rate, I recommend this hotel. But do not think this is mirage status, it's one step lower. Don't even compare to bellagio or higher. If you don't care about fancy schmancy rooms, and your idea of a room is just a place to sleep, then Monte Carlo is a good stay. The pools are pretty nice: man made beach and lazy river. You will be close to the more popular clubs: hakkasan, marquee, etc.
5	We really enjoyed our stay here! We stayed in a spa suite and found the room to be large, clean, comfy and wonderful! No, it wasn't decorated the way I'd choose for my home, but it was nice! The very large jacuzzi tub was great! The wetbar area included a mini fridge and keurig coffee maker.  I didn't notice any funky deodorizer smell that many of these reviewers complain of. Every staff member we encountered was friendly and helpful.  The main pool is in the shadow of the hotel all day, as previously mentioned, but the lazy river and wave pool are in the sun most of the day. We loved the lazy river! Drinks are expensive by the pool, but this is normal for vegas. We kept beer in the fridge in our room, much more cost effective. Although the hotel is not the most updated and modern you can get it is perfectly nice, in a great, central location, and a great value for the money. We were very pleased with the service. Didn't have any difficulties with check in or out. We didn't have any issues with our stay at all. Enjoyed everything, and the Monte Carlo definitely exceeded our expectations. We can't wait to return!
2	So I came here for a conference and if this was my first time in Vegas I would prob never come back! The Monte Carlo is horrible compared to where I've previously stayed on Vegas. Where do I begin? Let's start with the room.Room: super old school, dirty carpets, nicks in walls, chipping paint etc. I've added photos to this review so you can see exactly what I'm talking about, but the worst of the worst was the bloody bandaid that I found on my shower wall on day 1 that remained until day 6 when I left despite me telling the housekeeper about it. Also didn't appreciate the holes in the sheets and the lack of hot water! Now I stayed on the 17th floor and when I say I like to take hot showers I mean steaming up the bathroom almost too hot to breathe showers lol. So I thought maybe I'm being unfair and the water does get hot just not as hot as I'm used to. WRONG! I polled several of the hundreds of women at my conference and they all said the same. The water feels hot when it's running in the tub but when u turn the shower on it's like warm at best. It's also hard and made my skin super dry, but I was told my a local that Nevada has some of the hardest water in the country. Funny I don't remember that from my previous stay but whatever.Housekeeping: not worth their weight in salt! Housekeeping never changed the sheets, cleaned the tub or toilet. They only thing they did was provide new towels. I had to request soap. Also didn't appreciate leaving my room at 9:30 am, coming back at 3:00 pm and still having a dirty room. Especially when the same housekeepers were in the hall in the exact same location "cleaning rooms" when I left and returned. The last thing I didn't appreciate was the housekeeping staff placing my items in my luggage bags despite them being out of the way. It kind of makes me feel like they were going through my luggage and made me uncomfortable. I've never had that happen before.Dining: so I loves the cupcakery! Great tasty cupcakes and Starbucks was good with pretty fast service. I also appreciated the 24 hr fast food places in the hotel. This proved very useful with my early morning flight. The Cafe was where we ate several times. Good food horrible service! They seem to be understaffed no mater what time you patronize them (I went during normal business hrs and late at night/early morning) and the service is very slow so if you're in a rush to catch a show you may want to skip this place. The good thing is they had 2 for 1 house wine for happy hour and it was good. The buffet was okay, not worth $20 bucks in my opinion, but hey it's Vegas!Overall this hotel could use a major renovation big time! The only reason I gave it two stars is bc the waitresses in the cafe are very hardworking and try their best to accommodate you and the food is decent. I wouldn't stay here again or recommend anyone else to.
3	Stayed here last year with a lady friend her friend in me but overall this place is really nice in a great location
1	Old, dirty, unfriendly, unaccomadating. Never again, EVER! When we arrived for check in at 3:30 on Thursday we were told by a Michelle G, who checked us in, that there were were no longer any king size bedrooms available, which is what we had reserved. This left me to wonder whether the guests waiting in the gigantic and growing line behind me were going to be told the same thing and how pissed everyone was going to be, right? My husband asked how that was possible and the chick had the audacity to tell us that technically check is 3 but no one is guaranteed their room until 6 pm!! Seriously?! Then why isn't check in at 6?! That was ridiculous. She must've thought we were stupid or something. She treated us like second class citizens and this really disappointed me. Well after my husband refused to budge, she made a call and magically found a king size bedroom available. She took no responsibility, made no apologies and frankly looked mad at us for some reason! Talk about quality customer service, what a joke! Well she must have had some sort of beef with us because the room we got was awful! Ugly, drab, old and equivalent to a crappy holiday inn, even then that may be an insult to the holiday inn. The bathroom had mold and hard water stains, and small.  The furniture was chipped and dis colored and carpet was old. Mind you we're not pretentious or picky but even this was pretty bad for vegas! We called to complain but the hotel refused to take responsibility and said they'd call back to switch our rooms and never did. When we met up at our friend's room I noticed their room was bigger and newer and a tad better but even they weren't happy with their room. Never again will we make the mistake of staying here. The Monte Carlo claim that "luxury should make you feel special no matter who you are" and that was a bunch of BS. I should've just stuck with the Mandalay bay or Luxor. Sorry for grammar and punctuation, I'm on my phone and mad!
2	My recent trip to Vegas was for a conference. I wasn't too jazzed when I was told where we were staying but having actually never stayed at the Monte Carlo I thought I'd just give it a chance. Well I was not impressed. The room space is small and dark, the furniture a little outdated with definite indications of  wear, the curtains didn't close completely as the curtain was missing pin hooks. The sheer curtain had a hole in it, the bed sheets were clean but had stains. Even though the room was on the 22nd floor, I could still smell smoke. Perhaps I was on a floor that had smoking and non smoking rooms because at times it smelled like it was fresh cigarette smoke. I think the walls are pretty thin too because I could hear the obnoxious neighbors at all hours. And while I recognize that a lot of people come to Vegas to party, it would be nice it they practiced some common courtesy and consideration for those who are trying to sleep.My husband and I come to Vegas every couple of months for some relaxation and gambling. This is not a place I would return to stay. I might come back to the casino on another trip because the dealers were pleasant but as far as I'm concerned this is NOT a 4 star hotel so I would not stay here again.I'm sure if someone is just looking for a place to lay down their bags and are out of the room most of time, this place may be okay.
1	Monte Carlo advertises itself as being an "Unpretentiously Luxurious" hotel but my experience was quite the opposite. AFTER spending a lot of money on dinner at one of their restaurants and seeing the Blue Man Group (underwhelming) I went to gamble a bit. The casino chair that I sat in was one of those big, cushioned, bolted-to-the-ground chairs. As I sat I immediately felt the unmistakable sog of a soaking wet chair. It sloshed up under me and everything I had on was immediately soaked. A second later I realized - IT WAS PEE. The smell... the burn...It was definitely PEE. When I got up and looked at the chair, the wet spot was in the shape of a seated butt and legs.Long story short; I told 1 lady (that I thought worked there) that there was pee in the chair and her response was "I know".I went to the concierge desk to tell them that the chair was full of pee. The man i talked to apologized and went about talking to someone else to go fix it. I had to throw away my underwear and am still undecided on what to do about the skirt (who wants to wear a white skirt with THAT memory).I also got a huge rash on my butt that lasted for a week. I had sent an angry e-mail to the MC detailing my above experience, mainly because I only had that outfit that night which was cut short as a result of the situation. I had become mad about it.  I got a call where I was told that they would research my complaint and get back to me with-in 10 days. Its been over a month and they have not gotten back to me! The difference between a good business and a bad business is all in how they handle themselves. Even in the face of mistakes beyond their control. Even if all they did was formally apologize and close the loop of communication, I would have been fine.So now I, my friends and my family view the MC as "Unpretentiously Crumby" and just another depleting Vegas organization.
4	I like the Monte Carlo Hotel. I don't gamble, but like the lobby, the rooms and the buffet. Many times they offer special prices and deals if you sign up for email alerts. Overall, definitly in my top 5 favorite Hotels on the strip.The checking in and out never takes longer than 5 to 7 minutes. Lines move quickly and the people behind the counter are always friendly. You can tell they go through customer service training before allowed to work behind the counter.Great Hotel. Have fun....What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas unless you bring your wife/husband with you then you have to disclose it all!
2	A couple friends and I recently stayed at the Monte Carlo for a few days. And I must say that i definitely expected better! From the outside it looks pretty descent, the room however was a disappointment. From some sort of stains on the sheets (it almost looked like mold but I really don't know what it was) to stains on the towels in the bathroom. There was even a dirty pad behind the lamp desk! How disgusting is that??? The walls are paper thin because we were woken up in the wee hrs of the morning to our lovely neighbors getting it on. The room was small and dark, outdated furniture...the list just goes on. Overall, we were just disappointed with the Monte Carlo as a hotel. On a positive note, they had this little restaurant inside called "The Cafe" and it had some yummy food! And really good deals during happy hour! However, we definitely won't be going back whenever we visit Vegas. The Rio was a MUCH better stay. Bigger room, cleaner bathroom and just better atmosphere in general. They were even cheaper. The Monte Carlo just takes advantage of its location on the strip, which is a good location (probably the best thing about the hotel). My opinion, try other hotels.
2	I just came here to see the Blueman Group so I can't speak for the rooms but I just wasn't feeling the casino.
3	Definitely in need of an upgrade.  But if you're looking to stay on the strip for a reasonable price, this fits the bill.  Everything, while dated, is clean and manageable.  Pool is nothing like other pools on the strip.  It's definitely not Luxury, which is what they're going for since that word is printed everywhere in their hotel.
4	Great experience overall. Great price directly  booked on hotel website. Upgraded on check in to high floor strip view. I'm sure the guy would've done the suite free, but we checked in at 4 AM, and there are no available suite upgrades that time of AM. slip the guy a $10 or $20 anyway. Good Karma to begin your stay. rooms are clean and comfortable although a bit dated as other reviews mention. But what do you need?fancy, useless Dark wood and alabaster bidet? the marble tile is a bit worn the grout is coming out, the showers a bit hokey but the beds are comfortable, and that's the most important thing. Room superclean and comfortable with a great view, at a great price, with a great location. Everyone from the hotel operator, to the cocktail waitresses, to the bartenders, to desk agent, to the restaurant staff were extremely friendly, call you by name and do everything possible to make you happy. this is the kind of place I like to stay. I've to inspected Aria, Bellagio Venetian Caesars Palace Trump, MGM is the worst, those places are super shiny, super fancy and have to many people pretending to have too much money. Monte Carlo is just right - it's very nice comfortable clean, just big enough you can have a lot of fun and just small enough you don't get lost don't have to walk too far and it's the perfect center strip hotel with easy access to everything. Clientele are mostly young people not too many pretty women, lots of frumpy looking guys from out of town but, that's Vegas right? Have a good time and remember - always bet on red! Cheers.
4	Just stayed here for a night and I would do it again! Great location and friendly staff. The room was clean; not the newest or shiniest, but we were hardly in it anyway and it was definitely good enough. I wish I had more time to explore the casino and shops inside. Maybe next time!
4	My husband and I came here for a wedding...we were not expecting much but we were quite happily surprised with what we got. The rooms are not brand new BUT they are clean..the service is nice..the food is good & the on site food court is quite fab. I also LOVED the location for shopping..Ross..marshals..planet hollywood shops!  & if you want high class just pop on over to city center which is next door..we had a fun and great stay..only gave 4 because the rooms could use a tiny upgrade here or there but other than than we had a nice stay :)
5	I cannot say enough about Deborah Jones in VIP services. We are currently staying in the Monte Carlo for my sister in laws 21st birthday. Deborah went out of her way to give my sister in law a welcome/Birthday gift. She is definitely going to make this trip one of the most memorable trips ever and we cannot thank her enough for everything she's done. She made our process a breeze and would come back to the Monte Carlo in a heartbeat! Thank you Deborah
4	I just went stayed here for my bday. I had the spa suite and from the moment i got there the entire staff was very friendly and helpful. I requested a strip view & that was exactly what i got. I had about 5 others staying their too and when i checked in, the check in girl was able to make sure all my other guest had rooms on the same floor. The brunch was great too and the mimosas only $20 for two bottles...Me & my aunt even won money on the slots. My room was huge and we partied hard. Even tho maid service was over, I called and asked they come to clean about 3 by the time i came back around 6...it was done. I would def come back!!!
2	I was excited to stay on the strip, but was not impressed w/ this hotel. There was an odor to our room when we 1st arrived. Absolutely no good insulation and you could hear every living thing from people in the hallways to your neighbor peeing in the toilet. It even sounded like someone was entering our room but really it was neighbor opening up their door. The shower head was rough and stung my skin. The buffet was ok. It's in the middle of the strip and location was great! Also had a great view of strip, just not sure id recommend it to others
2	My brother is a contractor who is employeed to renovate hotels - thus when I stay in one I check details - and this place needs a major rehaul!  I noticed the bathrooms are not equipped for handicapped individuals - showers/tubs have no handels, the toilets are all low and the entry to each room have a marbel (??) surface that is slippery - an accident waiting to happen - especially when some of these customers have drunk way too much!It is a place to put yopur head - yes - although the bed is softer on one side than another!SPEND SOME MONEY HERE AND RENOVATE IT IS ABOUT TIME!!!!
1	Marginal. Would not come back here of my own free will.Desk service is competent and friendly.  The food court frequently has long lines and is also frequently out of key menu items -- which you will find out about after waiting in those long lines.The hallway outside the room stank of mold and disinfectant.  There was water damage to the walls and carpeting.  The tub took hours to drain after each shower and the bathroom wallpaper was peeling.One of the room outlets had no power, and there is no wifi available above the second floor.Paper thin walls -- I felt like a part of my neighbors lives and conversations.Finally, on check out I discovered the $20/night resort fee added to the advertised rate for the room.  CAVEAT EMPTOR.
4	I really enjoyed my stay here. I was given a beautiful view of the mountains on a higher floor than I was reserved for. Quiet, comfortable and clean. The check in line moves quickly, the parking lot was well designed. However, avoid the Sabarro... All 3 of my girls and I woke up with fevers after a late nigh pizza run.
2	If you want to hear your neighbors tv, loud maids talking outside your door, your neighbor coughing, and your neighbor taking a dump...this is the place for you. It also comes with wet carpet as an added bonus.Silver lining - the front desk people are nice. They got me a room change fairly quick. Hence why it is 2 stars instead of 1.Tidbit - don't get a room with an adjacent door to the room next door unless you like to hear your neighbor.
2	This hotel now feels really outdated.  It's just a little, I don't know... old and out of shape.  It was cool before, but on my last stay I started noticing small things like slightly peeled wallpaper and less than great decor.With all the new hotels around The Strip, this place needs a major upgrade plan if it wants to stay competitive.  Otherwise it's heading down the road to being just another cheap outdated LV hotel/casino.
3	I didn't love but I didn't hate this hotel. My recent stay here was my first and I truly wouldn't mind staying here again. The husband and I booked this hotel at a great price due to the fact that they are having some construction outside. We were helped by a friendly desk person who was also helpful and answered all our questions (mLife rewards, redeeming myVegas rewards, pubs/lounges/bars near by and even restaurant ). We were given our room key and helped within less than a few minutes. The lobby had a pretty Christmas tree already set up, a bar and a few benches to sit at. Our room was in the 17th floor with the view of a a few of the hotels on the strip. The room is indeed in HIGH need of a remodel. The tv is very outdated, there is a few pieces of the wall paper coming out, the tub was cracked, the lighting is sooo bad and the colors are pretty dull. The room itself isn't very welcoming but for the price we paid, we didn't mind. We didn't have any noise complaints, the bed was ok in comfort and the water in the shower was hot and steamy. I did not like though that the reception in our room was terrible! I later found out that there is only wifi in the first two floors, boooo!!! Better reception would make this place a lot better. I was also sad that the ice machine in our floor was broken, therefore we had to go one floor up to get ice.. I loved the location of this hotel and casino! It is so close to the tram and near the middle of the strip. Being that it was a rainy weekend, I had no trouble getting from Monte Carlo, Aria, Vdara and even the Cosmopolitan without getting too wet just by taking the tram and walking through the casinos. Excalibur and Luxor are across the street and Monte Carlo is walking distance from Coca Cola Factory and M and M World... very very convenient in my opinion. Monte Carlo has a decent size gambling casino downstairs with plenty of roulette tables, poker tables and slot machines to test your luck in. They have a Starbucks as well, The Brand Steakhouse, a Buffet and The Pub. If you want to catch a show, Monte Carlo currently has the Blue Man group.
3	If you don't know someone who can get you a comp'd room in Vegas, then Montel Carlo is a good choice for the location, price and amenities. It's centrally located on the strip so you have easy access to City Center, Bellagio and the other nicer parts of Vegas. I've always had a good experience with the front desk, valet and housekeeping, but then again I'm not in my room much when I visit Vegas.
4	My goto spot to stay when in Vegas.  While it is certainly not a fancy place the staff are always VERY friendly, it has a great location on the strip, it is clean, has 2 starbucks and I nice little poker room with some cheap daily tournaments.On the downside the sportsbook is not great but other than that if you're going to Vegas and want to put your money into entertainment as opposed to the place that you basically only see for the 30 minutes when you get up and 30 minutes before bed then the Monte Carlo is ideal.  Was just there in May and Nov and booked today to go back in Feb.
4	For a town where "over the top" is the norm, the Monte Carlo is refreshingly balanced. It's not the cheapest place on the Strip, but it's definitely not the most expensive. However, it's perfectly placed between many other spots, so if the MC doesn't offer enough, it's a quick jaunt to other resorts.The action in the lounges and casinos are similar: It's not the hottest spot in town, but it's far from dead or boring. So, if you are looking for the wild 'n' crazy Vegas, this ain't it!As a 40-something married guy, the Monte Carlo is perfect for me and my wife. We can afford the nice suites without breaking the bank, we enjoy the reasonably priced restaurants that offer respectable menus, and can have fun in the casinos and lounges/bars without feeling overrun by the wild party crowd.Service is outstanding; always a sense that people are trying to earn well-deserved tips (and when you do tip, the service leaps to extraordinary levels, as it should in Vegas).The only things that keep it from earning a five-star review are minor details. For instance, the Internet (WiFi or wired) is very slow. The soaps and shampoos are generic and inferior. Noise in the hallways and neighboring rooms can be a slight nuisance. Then again, it's perhaps all the more reason to get out of your room and enjoy Vegas!
3	If you want to stay on the strip and not having to break the bank, Monte Carlo is your place.The staff are friendly and courteous. We checked in around midnight and since we were in a city that never sleeps, we had to wait in line for quite a bit. Luckily, check-in was a breeze and off we were to our room, tired and exhausted from our drive.Our room looked pretty outdated. It was simple, two beds, a tv, dresser, writing desk and a chair. The overall interior was kind of depressing to me with the curtain and carpet color. Oh and walls are really thin between the rooms. Our next door neighbor was not a happy camper after hearing my toddler's cries. It was classy of them to bang our walls and let us know. The bathroom was spacious, complete with basic toiletries and again, outdated. Housekeeping didn't replace our shampoo and conditioner the next day nor were there any complimentary bottles of water for drinking on our first day. We had to find a cart on our floor to ask for some. Meanwhile, flushing the toilet makes this loud obnoxious noise which can be annoying especially when you're asleep and someone uses the bathroom at night. Here we are finally having our much needed rest and the smoke detector starts sending off a chirping sound every 3-5 seconds. We called it in and they say the battery needs changing. We had to wait a good half hour before someone came to our room to fix it. Not a very good first night...chirp...chirp...chirp!Morning came and I'm just glad the hotel houses a Starbucks along with other fast food eateries such as Subway and Sbarro. All I wanted was my caffeine before hitting the buffets so that was a good start.I can't say much about their casino as I don't gamble but Ignite Bar has happy hour from midnight to 2am on weekdays. It's located right at the Las Vegas Blvd. entrance of the hotel in the casino area. For other entertainment, check out their deals for The Blue Man Group show. They were nice enough to give us a late check-out 'til noon. When checking out, you can either do it the old-fashioned way or check-out via your room TV. It's faster and more convenient compared to lining up at the front desk. Would I come back? If the price is right, yes! Located on the strip with a tram that connects to CityCenter and Bellagio, their location is pretty much their saving grace. Valet is free but can take a while during peak hours. I'm all for walking to the garage to burn off all the buffet food!
4	Was very happy with my stay here! Definitely a great value. The Flamingo lost our reservation so we were stuck with nowhere to stay for about an hour. It was already later in the day so all the hotels had upped their rates and it was a three day weekend so many had no rooms available. We finally came across the Monte Carlo and it was such a relief. The staff was so friendly and accommodating and even comped our fridge when we told them our story. The hotel is not the most modern but the style is timeless and everything is well taken care of. Room was a decent size and clean. One complaint was the lack of electrical outlets in the room, I think there was one, other than the bathroom :x Rough when there are four girls who need to get ready for a night out on the strip. We also paid for late check out on our last day, but we received two call and two visits from room service asking us when we would be leaving. When we did leave, a maid was waiting for us outside with her arms crossed! Annoying, but still enjoyed my stay and would recommend. I will be back in Vegas in February and will definitely consider this hotel.
3	This was my first trip to Vegas, and I was pretty happy staying at the Monte Carlo. Great location on the strip, right in the middle of everything. It's also incredibly convenient that the free tram is nearby. The Monte Carlo is much less fancy spancy than many other resorts, but it averaged out to under $80 per night over Thanksgiving weekend. The price is right, and we barely spent any time in the hotel room anyway. Just for sleeping and showering. Spending less on hotel means more money for dining and entertainment!I don't have any complaints about cleanliness of our hotel room, but the decor was quite outdated. It was pretty difficult to turn the shower faucet. Some of the furniture was pretty worn out too. Internet is included in the resort free, but there is no wifi available (only wired internet) above the second floor. There's some construction going on at Monte Carlo and New York New York. Looks like both places will be getting some upgrades soon.
3	I went to Las Vegas with three girlfriends in July 2013 and we wanted somewhere with a great location that was cheap.  I read a ton of yelp reviews and decided to take a chance on the Monte Carlo.  And overall, I was glad that I did.  We checked in two hours prior to the "official" check-in time and the staff was very accommodating, even upgrading us to an upper-floor, strip view.  We went up to the room and were initially quite pleased.  But if yelp has taught me anything, it's to check the bedspreads.  And sure enough, one of them had a nasty stain. Yuck!   I pulled back the covers and found a hair.  Yep.  So it had to go.  I tore the bedding off the bed and called housekeeping to bring us new bedding and some extra towels.  We went down to the pool for a couple of hours and when we came back the beds had been remade and everything was clean.  The desk chair had a stain and the furniture was pretty outdated, but overall we were pretty satisfied with our room. We did choose to stay here because it was cheap after all...  The location didn't disappoint.  The Monte Carlo is a short walk from the Strip, which makes it easy to walk to a lot of other casinos and restaurants.  We didn't spend that much time at the MC, opting to walk through the other casinos and hang out in the nightclubs at the Paris and the Wynn.  There is a decent food court near the pool entrance at the Monte Carlo which was convenient for breakfast and lunch when we didn't want anything that would take long or cost a lot. Part of why we chose the Monte Carlo was the pool, which we all enjoyed. The poolside food and beverage service was a total disappointment though (we couldn't get a server since we weren't in a cabana!) but we were able to snag some free chairs and circle the lazy river on inner tubes.  The pool clientele was pretty laid back and there weren't that many kids around (which we appreciated).  The Monte Carlo pools have their own yelp reviews that I would encourage you to check out if pools are important to you.  Overall I would definitely recommend this casino to the budget traveler.  It's affordable, relatively clean (once you call housekeeping!), and well located.
4	Nice hotel, cozy beds, not too busy if you want to avoid crowds.  My fiance noticed that our first room was not well cleaned and the air filter was filthy so he went down and pointed out his findings and they immediately upgraded us to a strip view room on the 31st floor.  Quite accommodating I think, but they should clean all rooms the same regardless of how much you pay.  If you are planning to do a lot of walking on the strip, I would suggest finding a hotel a little more centrally located so you can explore more.  If you are looking for fun bars within your hotel, I would suggest looking elsewhere.  'Brand' is a lounge that offers $20 entry fee and free drinks all night for ladies, but it didn't look too exciting so I never went in.  Reasons to stay: nice, accommodating, cozy beds, not too crowded.Reasons not to stay: not centrally located on the strip, no fun bars within the hotel
4	Location, Location, Location. This place is situated right in the heart of the strip. Not to mention it has a tram available to take you the Bellagio( don't forget they have the water show every half over). The Aria is also connected near the Monte Carlo shops. I loved the fact the food court was available right near the Casino / Lobby. Here is a quick list of Fast food available. McDonalds , Starbucks, Subway (opened 24 hours)  Sabarro.  The employees at the M Life  players club were very helpful. Don't forget to sign up for your card and use it. If you accumulate enough points you will have many free buffets. The only drawback of the hotel is the outdated rooms. The bathrooms aren't that clean. I wish they would use all the money people put into the casino to update them. I would stay here again.
1	They claim to be 4 stars. I know it's not the Palazzo or Bellagio, but I have never ever seen a filthy hotel room in my entire life, not even comparable to the budget hotels.My perspective of Las Vegas from the last time I came in 2010 has changed--I am leaving with a heavy heart not because I lost money from gambling but because Vegas is not as fabulous as It was.I stayed in the Palazzo in 2010, and this time, Monte Carlo. There is no comparison. The hotel, which we booked from Travelocity, looked so much different from the photos in their website. We didn't read the yelp reviews, I wish we did. The front desk were very friendly of course, we sandwiched $20 hoping we would be given a nicer room, and a view of the strip. The lady gave us a room in the 28th floor, and just like we hoped for, she said a view of the strip.Coming out of the elevator, There is a musty smell in the hallway, and dirty and old carpet covering the floor. And then our room.....It's beyond disappointment. I have stayed in nice and not so nice hotels, and I don't understand why Monte Carlo claims that they are a 4 star hotel? We went yo the front desk and we were told there is nothing they can do!Bathrooms are filthy. I am posting the gross photos. Warning;Gross!No bath tubs, we are given the handicapped room,non smoking with a tiny bit view of the strip, more of facing the Aria. The towels have stains on them.Bedbugs? Maybe, we went home with rashes.Carpet, old.There is nothing about our hotel room that we actually liked, it just kept disappointing us, from the wallpaper, to the cheap hair dryers that hardly dried my hair; except that it includes two free buffet everyday.The staff, the bell staff are okay, and the guy who calls the taxi cab, since we didn't have any change left at all, so we couldn't tip when we wee leaving, told us that we should tip. We know, but with that attitude? Hmmm....On Saturday, the clienteles are so much different. I was holding tight on my bag trying to be alert. I felt like I have to be extra alert! and that I am gonna be robbed. But on Sunday, it's more of the older and Midwest visitors arriving. We were about to change hotels and book Aria or Vdara for the next few days but since we saw different clienteles coming in, we decided to stay, and that also we are told by travelocity that we cannot refund the remaining two days.The buffet may be the best part of the hotel, only because it's included in our package deal. The waiter was very polite. And although it's a buffet, we still happily left a 20% tip. Back to the hotel room, the next day, we were hoping to be given a new and clean towels since we skipped one day of housekeeping, oh by the way there is no provided door tag so I had to write down Do Not Disturb. My own handwriting in  a cheap paper. So we put all the towels in the bathroom floor, they all have stains so we know which towels.... When we came back and our room is cleaned, the towels are brought back from the floor unchanged.....Very very bad experience from Monte Carlo. I won't be back, and I do not recommend . Negative 5 stars. Where is the MLife?:((( it's very questionable.
3	My husband and I stayed in this hotel for 4 days. We walked up and down the strip and found this hotel to be one of the nicest. The place is newer and very clean. The inside has one of the nicer casinos. The staff is pretty friendly.
3	Monte Carlo Hotel and Resort = Monaco Themed Opened June 21, 1996Recently, I received an offer online from my Mlife for, Buy One Night - Get One Free, I couldn't turn it down because of the free night, plus they had the lazy river ride. =DBeing one of the older hotels on the strip, I didn't expect much based on the Yelp reviews and not being update and have ethernet wasn't really an issue for me. Cleanliness and customer service are big factors for me!As usual, when driving from Southern California, I always use the self parking garage because valet is just a waste of time! Just dropping off your car and picking it up is just  unnecessary for me. Checking in, the front desk clerk was friendly and tried to do the usual as any other agent and upgrade me to a more expensive room but I declined. My deluxe room needed to be renovated to 2013's standards but it was very clean. The bathroom was outdated as well the water pressure from the shower was weak!   They offer budget friendly eats like a food court to the more expensive restaurants like Brand. A few shops here and there for the typical Vegas tourists and the drink waitresses weren't around as much, maybe I picked a bad location in the casino to gamble. =/  This isn't the Bellagio, Aria, or Caesar's Palace, but it did get the job done. I hope the renovations modernize the hotel rooms as well as the 90's style casino. I would give Monte Carlo another try after the renovations. For now, it's 3 stars for me.
3	With all the elite casinos and large new casinos, this place seems outdated.  Small in comparison, this casino just doesn't have the atmosphere of other exciting places.  Having said that, it still is a nice place.  The rooms are nice but basic.  Restaurant choices are limited, but not bad.  Shopping is limited, but a small alley to the Aria offers some choices and cross the strip for some good Vegas souvenirs.  The CVS is next door and is extremely convenient if you stay here.  You can take the tram to Aria and Bellagio, but it's a good hike to get to it.  NY NY is next door but again is a good hike.  Given other casinos in the area, I probably won't stay here again, but there really isn't anything wrong with it.  It just doesn't have the excitement nearby.
4	Not as classy as Aria, or as modern as Cosmo, but Monte Carlo can definitely hold its own. How? Well, they have great deals that are half the prices of Aria and the other high end hotels, has a great location on the strip, AND...It's attached to Aria!! You can go to Aria without ever having to set foot outside, OR take the tram and go to Vdara/Crystals or Bellagio! The opportunities are endless..so take the cheaper hotel and explore all the other hotels!PS: The Monte Carlo rooms are very well kept up and worth what you pay. You can also check out via email (they send you a link).
3	Actually I am being generous for rating the hotel a 3 STAR. It's more like 21/2. It's not the Monte Carlo I remembered. When we got to our room, I immediately noticed there were spots on my comforter, so I thought I do a thorough inspection just for the heck of it. OMG! I was glad I did. Not only was my comforter dirty but my pillow cases and bed sheets were too. It looked dingy and I don't know what the spots were!! I called the front desk and they said I could get a new room but we were too tired to change rooms. I just asked them to come change it.  As I was waiting for house keeping, I went to the bathroom, GROSS!! remnants of barf was still on the side of he sink and lower wall!!  It seemed like forever so I called the front desk again and told them I was disgusted by the second and for them to send someone up pronto! Eeeeekkk!!  Ironic part is that house keeping was 2 doors down from me!!!! Why did it take them so long!! When the cleaning lady came in, I showed her everything detail and she asked me if I had been there long!!! I TOLD HER I JUST CHECKED IN!! The nerve!!! Needless to say, I will NOT stay here again!! I probably brought bed bugs home!!! Inspect what you expect people!! If they offer you another room? TAKE IT!!!
5	What a pleasant surprise! We happened upon the Monte Carlo when our Hilton Lake Las Vegas reservation turned out to be disappointing. That resort was literally deserted.We found a good deal on Priceline and had a ball. The Cafe was good for breakfast. There were plenty of unique dining options within the Monte Carlo/Aria complex. We also took advantage of the tram to the Bellagio as we had Christmas Eve dinner reservations there.Lastly, the spa was unusually superior. Immaculately kept, graciously staffed, full service, and the masseurs world class and professional. It's our new Vegas home.
3	Here on my Honeymoon. This is a decent place. Clean but out dated. Our room looks towards the Strip. However, it yields the view of less the than ideal. It's no parking lot, so please don't get me wrong. The Bellagio, Caeser's Palace, Wynn and Paris are in a much better location.  Pub and Blue Man Group are here. Both are not to miss Las Vegas attractions.
2	This review is based on my stay here this past weekend: This room was so gross lets just say I felt the need to put paper down before I used the bathroom. The public bathrooms in the casino were cleaner than the one in the room. The room was so dusty it looked like it had not been touched for months. There was hair on the bathroom/foyer floors. The walls/doors had red marks on them. The furniture had chips all over it. I even paid extra for a "nicer" room. This room is in desperate need of a rennovation. I Will NOT be staying here again any time soon or even recommending it to any one. I am giving 2 stars as it was not the worst place I've ever stayed but not as nice as they market themsleves to be.
2	For what is starting to become an annual family trip to Sin City, my mother wanted to stay at the Monte Carlo for the second consecutive year. My mom's rationale for the move was that it was cheap but I would argue there are more better rates along the strip. My experi nice this year was less then stellar. We were given rooms on the fourth floor and they didn't even ask if we wanted a connecting door for my two reservations and how many key cards. The room was not set up as advertised.We didn't have bottled water and they skimped on the sugar and creamer for the coffee. My parents' room next door didn't even have a television remote. The water pressure in the shower was lackluster and availability  of hot water unpredictable. Without a Do Not Disturb sign, housekeeping came in while I just got out of the shower.the morning of checkout, the kiosk in the lobby was not working. I think given our experience this year, the 'rents should be willing to fork out more moolah for a heightened experience in a newer hotel next year.
3	Not bad, the rooms have a decent view and the hotel is clean and nice.  The only drawback is the extra smoky casino and resort fees.
4	Stayed in the 11th floor in room 334. No view of strip but the beautiful mountains. Great service - as always. Monte Carlo has won me over with food selection, amenities, location, and price. Great job!
4	The Monte Carlo is not upscale, but it gets the job done. Cause seriously, who really sleeps in Vegas?We got two rooms here 3 days, 4 nights and it was truly affordable. Rooms are spacious and clean.There's a variety of shops, bars, restaurants, and even fast food here.It was a big plus when the Jabbawockeez were still performing there cause their gift shop was stocked with their t-shirts.I would definitely stay here again if I was back in town.
3	We just left after staying 3 nights 1/1/14-1/4/14.  Here are the pros and consPros-Free Tram that goes to Aria and Bellagio.Location is somewhat central, but still on the south side, tram really helps time wise getting down the strip.InexpensiveCons-Small Rooms with PAPER THIN wallsNo fridge or microwave in roomNo bathrobeNo real theme to hotel, nothing that makes it fun or uniqueIn Conclusion-it's fine for a cheap place on the strip, if you can stay at Paris, Planet Hollywood or Ny Ny for a similar price I'd pick them
4	Monte Carlo is one of those hotels in which people wither love or hate it. Based on the mixed reviews on yelp (many of which aren't too great) I would have stayed away from this place. But the bf found a great deal here (originally we booked 2 nights at Luxor, but for about the same price, Monte Carlo offered 3 nights instead. Score!) Let's begin:Our Room Floor 21, #113 (3.5/5 stars):- It had a nice king size bed, 2 night stands, desk & chair, lounge chair, average sized dresser with a fairly large flat LCD tv, closet and full length mirror, 2 telephones.My only complaint is that there was no mini fridge to store our drinks (this should be a standard every where). Also, the "temperature control unit" had poor circulation and weak output so it took awhile to get the room cool to the temp that we enjoyed. The view we had was not of the strip, but of the back of NYNY and residential area. It wasn't a bad view, in fact it looked nice at night when all the homes had on their twinkling lights or in the morning when the sun would rise in the horizon. It was a relaxing and peaceful sight. You can hear riders from the NYNY coaster scream their heads off, not to mention your neighbors in the adjoining rooms practically fart in their sleep because the walls are so thin. That's my main gripe. The bed was comfortable and there were both firm and soft pillows. The sheets were soft and clean, pretty standard nothing bad about them, but nothing spectacular either.Bathroom (3/5 stars):- shower/tub combo with vanity mirror over the sink. The toilet was off to the side in front of the shower with a wall as a divider from the sink. The shower pressure was not the best, and the shower head didn't have a wide spread so it felt like I was a flower and a gardener was trickling water over me. And since the shower/tub floor had a textured feeling to keep you from slipping, if you decided to take a bath be warned! Don't try to scoot across  it or else risk skinning your bottom. Lol. Didn't happen to me, but definitely has the potential. Also, there is a vent that doesn't really suck out any of the steam in the bathroom so if you shut the door, you're in an instant sauna once you finish your hot shower. And don't be startled if you hear a loud whoosh! Sound late at night,  it's just the incredibly loud toilet flushing. Every person who used their toilet, I could hear it flush! Not attractive. Casino (2.5/5 stars):Didn't really play the slots here, but did walk around and it seemed to have updated machines. Only problem is if you have sensitive smelling or breathing conditions, I wouldn't suggest walking through it. Just getting off the elevators from our room to the food court area adjacent to the casino I was already having a coughing fit from all the smoke. Their ventilation system isnt good. Overall, I give Monte Carlo 3.5 stars rounded up to 4 because their customer service is phenomenal. The clerk at check in was kind, personable, and quick. The cleaning staff is nice and on time. We changed out our towels a couple times and had our bed sheets changed once, they were great. Also, the bell hop and valet people were friendly and courteous. They never acted like they needed to be tipped, like many others I've experienced. But generally appreciated their helping us out. That's what makes a hotel good: a hardworking, respectful staff. Don't be afraid to stay here because of some of the negative feedback by some yelpers (hey, even five star hotels have their share of horror stories). For it's price and LOCATION on the strip, it is definitely a great value hotel. I would stay here again.
4	Monte Carlo Hotel and Casino is a fun place to stay. Good services and gaming. The pool area is awesome, Lazy River, Wave Pool, Outside Bars and a large area to lay out and get some sun. The tram is very close to get to other places on the strip. The rooms are very nice for the price. Overall a really fun place to stay in Las Vegas.
4	Stayed here over New Years and had a blast! Location wise, it couldn't have been a more better location on the Strip then this one! NYE was so much fun here!! Got an upgrade of our room to high floor deluxe and super comfy bed! Casino wise, couldn't ask for more and lots of dining, Blue Man Group and shops all around. Thank you Monte Carlo for a great stay!
4	Monte Carlo is an affordable hotel in near the center of the Las Vegas Strip.  This hotel had been renovation few years ago, pump the hotel class from 3 1/2 stars to 4 stars.  It located north of New York New York and next to Aria.  Parking structure is easy in this hotel; you can easily access to the self-parking lot and can walk to the hotel in few minutes of walk. The parking escalator was fill with cigarette smell; I did not bother going back then.The hotel room elevator is located across the lobby, the nice thing you do not need walks by the casino.  The room's elevators are separate by three different floors level.  That was good-crowed control. Our group came just right before the standard check in time 3pm in Sunday.  There has was about 20 peoples in the line, took about half hours before it was our turn.  The clerk was helpful and we were able to get a high floor level as we request.  The view was the city center (Aria, Vdara and the pool) It was good view despite this just a basic room.  At top of that our 2 booked room were together and also in a corner.  You would always wanted corner room if want peace in Zzz.The room is modern; there is a big 42-inch flat screen.  However, sadly the channel were not in HD, make it look worse than SD.  One of the room amenities included 2 K-Cup Coffee Pack and two water bottles.  Those were included with the resort fee, which cost almost $23. I wish there is Wi-Fi in the room, only wired is available.  To use Wi-Fi has to go down to lounge level. The room was clean and everything was functional.  The bed and the pillow were very soft, perhaps more than the way I like it.  I had trouble sleep with the bed had to take another night to get used to it.Their casino floor is modern as well; I was impress with their sport betting room.  Look more modern than five star hotel like Wynn.  The smell of the cigarette is not strong in the casino floor, unlike some other casino I been to.  There is free tram access to Crystal Center, Aria, and Bellagio. wish it also link the tram to Excalibur, so it can access to the southern strip.Overall, this is good hotel consider the price.  You are only paying half or one third cost of nearby 4 or 5 stars hotel.  While is still in a decent near center strip location.  This hotel can be good choice for family or those who want some peace after some crazy night in club and other activities.
3	Stayed here for two nights after spending four nights at Mandalay Bay. It was a bit older looking and abused which was to be expected. we had a strip view on the 29th floor and that was nice. Cost was very reasonable but like most properties there was a 20 dollar a day charge for use of the amenities which is annoying. The casino was easy to maneuver through and the food court and casino bar were nice also. Best thing about this place was the smell. It has a very pleasing aroma throughout the entire structure. Overall a good experience. I would stay here again.
4	I have mixed reviews about this hotel. I like it, but there are a few things that I just can't let go of. Where do I begin....I love the lobby here, it gives off a wonderful aura that is Vegas in a classy way. Lots of patrons there to check you in and check you out and they are extremely nice and courteous. My complaint lies with their policy that they cannot guarantee you the exact room that you put a deposit on. My husband booked this hotel as a surprise for my birthday. Vegas is a favorite city of mine. He is a smoker, while I am not, but I know the importance of needing to have a smoking room while you are staying at a Vegas hotel. Not sure why Vegas is adapting the California non smoking laws, but it is what it is. When we arrived to check in, we were told that there were no more spa suite rooms on smoking floors. My husband was furious as he should have been. It's such an inconvenience to have to go down to the casino to smoke one cigarette. We called in a manager and he was very nice and apologetic. He offered to upgrade us, but we wanted to spa suite because the spa was in the window overlooking the strip, not in a bathroom. Needless to say, our room was not available, but by the grace of God, a room that was not showing up in the system because it was out of order to to carpet shampooing popped up. We took it. We were given a $100 food and beverage credit from the manager, which was very appreciated and definitely was used while we were there.The spa suite was large and spacious. A full bar (not stocked, but I love it when there's a fridge so I can chill my water bottles), separate toilet from the rest of the bathroom, comfortable bed, nice television and the spa was right in the window. The spa was right in the window....overlooking the airport and freeway. Totally sucked, but we did get the room that we wanted. The walls are paper thin here. We could hear the neighbors tv on which seemed to never be turned off, and we could hear anytime a neighbor flushed their toilet, showered and we could totally hear the loud bang every time the toilet stopped running after someone flushed. It woke me up a ton of times throughout the night.Other things I'd like to mention:Parking structure is easy to get to, ample parking. and totally easy to find your way to and from the hotel from the structure. The mall inside here was great. They have just about everything. Starbucks that is in this hotel is one of the larger ones I've come across in Vegas and they have a good selection of food there as well, we actually found an Italian restaurant here that we ate at both nights we were there, it was delicious (d.vino)!. Clean casino and it didn't reek of cigarettes and booze. I would totally stay here again as long as we were guaranteed the room we booked. A tip that the manager told us: call the day before you're coming so they can block that room out for you so it will be guaranteed.
4	Good price, good hotel!clean and welcoming in a great location!If it weren't for that nasty garbage truck at 5 AM in the morning, I would give a 5 star!
4	We just returned from a long weekend in Las Vegas and our hotel of choice was the Monte Carlo.  Overall, not a bad choice given the deal that we purchased through Hawaiian airlines (room was less than $100 a night and came with a $60/day credit to be used for food). The Buffet isn't the best eating establishment by a long shot, BUT it is free with the stay. I had to keep reminding myself of this fact when some of the food on the bar literally looked inedible.  The room was quite comfortable, although quite dated.  Even though we had requested a room with a king-sized bed, a room with two queen beds was available for early check in at 9am at NO additional cost (the King was NOT)...... sign me up for two queen beds please.The beds were great and my wife especially loved the pillows (would love to find out where one can buy these).There's a thermostat in the room so adjusting the temperature to a more comfortable level was extremely easy.The shower was good, yet the water (to me) didn't quite get hot enough, but my wife was happy with its temperature. Very quiet considering the age of the hotel and the number of guests it accommodates.The Casino itself was VERY small in comparison to other casinos throughout the strip.  Limited gaming tables with manageable limits.  The Paigow tables were rarely below a $25 per hand minimum and there was a very noticeable lack of other gaming options for the frugal gambler.  Hell, it might have just been because it was the weekend.There were two (2) Starbucks in the hotel, one right outside of the room elevators, and the second in the mall on the way to the tram station. The tram station is a great convenience if you want to go to the Bellagio, Aria, Crystals or The Vdara hotels.  SUPER SMOKY !!!! This is to be expected in older hotel/casinos that don't have updated ventilation systems.  Surprisingly, there ARE seven (7) hotels in Vegas that are smoke-free.Overall, it's great option if you're looking for a moderately priced hotel on the strip.
1	I rarely write reviews and try to find positive things about places but couldn't here. Don't stay here. Paper thin walls and window. In 31 floor and can hear freeway, something sounding like a leaf blower, cat alarm, airplanes, and hear both neighbors.  Been to several hotels here and have never had this problem. Bed feels like it's made of wood, shower sprays everywhere, and faucet looks like it's starting to rust. Yeah glad I'm an MLife member and didn't have to pay the full price of over $300 a night. Still not worth what I had to pay. Would not recommend. Waste of money. Don't want to give it any stars but had to
2	Yuck. I made a poor choice when choosing between a suite here, or a regular room at a nicer hotel. Sparse, dark, dirty and left a lot to be desired. Bed was uncomfortable, pillows were awful. Big black hair ball under the sheets was quite off putting. No soap in the bathroom. It may have been over 600 square feet but it didn't make up for anything. BlahOn the plus side, this is a steal for a room right in the middle of the strip.
2	Stayed 2 nights, Feb 5th & 6th.  Check is was fine, a pleasant greeter named Ricky was nice to everyone chatting them up as they waited then directly us to the next open front desk attendant.  Had asked for a king bed but was told they were not guaranteed...umm..ok..whatever, just need a room.  Was asked if I wanted to change the next night and I said yes.  The comments that the place is a bit run down are spot on.  Almost everything has signs of being used and abused.  Walls are super thin...thought I was hearing things in the morning but I wasn't....could totally hear a guy taking a pee....that took forever.   LOL!  2nd night I moved to the king bedroom which had a nice layout but again...everything looked worn.  Each light shade near the bed were broken and the shower faucet leaked.  I did like the fact that the inter hotel tram was a fast way to get to the Belagio and the staff was very friendly.If you want modern and nice this is not the place.  Try the Aria...heard nice things about it.
3	7th visit to vegas first time staying here . For the price and location I would stay here again
4	We wanted to stay on the strip but for a decent price. The best price for hotel and location was The Monte Carlo. We stayed 2 nights on a weekend and it was $236 including tax and resort fees. I think it was around $90 per night before fees etc.We found a parking spot in the small lot right outside of the lobby. They have a parking structure too but definitely check the small one first! We were advised to move it to the structure but it was free parking anyway and we assumed right that no one would check. On check in, we were offered a high floor with a strip view .. AWESOME! And it got better fast. We were told we had $75 to spend on food/drink at 'THE PUB', the bar in the Monte Carlo. We ate there twice, for free! Can't beat that price. Okay, the room. Definitely not as nice as newer hotels, but it wasn't not nice. The only major problem - no fridge in the room. Something which is pretty standard i feel like? Also, we put the 'Do Not Disturb' sign on the door and housekeeping still knocked numerous times. WHY DO THEY DO THIS IN EVERY HOTEL?. Seriously? It's Vegas, the city that never sleeps. I'm not in bed at a reasonable hour, so don't disturb me early morning - ESPECIALLY when the SIGN is on the door! Oh and the water pressure in the shower was LAME. Why is it so hard to find a nice shower. I'd stay again! But in summer, so we can check out the lazy river!
3	Hit or miss kind of hotel yet I always come back because the price is right. They always always always have deals or coupon codes for 20% off rooms or some sort of food and beverage credit. Since I'm not one to stay in my room too much in Vegas, I don't mind that it's pretty much a standard hotel. It's definitely no Paris, Venetian, Bellagio or Caesars but, the price is right and it's a place to crash! Typically it's my husband and I who stay here and we especially like that there's a food court with variety inside the hotel for that late night snack or morning when you don't want to hit the buffet. We're not big on eating out heavy meals in Vegas so this spot is perfect for us. Grab a bite and get on our way. Gambling is great at this casino as well, you can typically always find a $5 table and the slots seem pretty loose. I'm starting to realize I'm sounding like a real cheapo! BUT we all kn ow Vegas can get crazy expensive. I prefer to spend my $$$ on the shows, clubs and bars :)
5	I would totally stay here again!! I contacted guest services by email and told them what we were celebrating and we got a free upgrade to a spa room! Let me tell u it was amazing!!! Next time we go we will pay the extra to be in the spa room! Everyone was so nice and helped anyway they can and the cool thing is they give free craps lessons everyday so we learned how to play! Only complaint was housekeeping walks into your room even with the privacy sign on door! But other than great it was a great stay!
4	Just arrived home from my 4 day/3 night birthday trip at the Monte Carlo. This was my third time in Vegas, but the first time in this hotel. We walked up to the check-in and we mentioned that it was my birthday and they upgraded us to a high floor strip-view room which honestly was a great way to start off the trip. I immediately dropped off my bags and ran to the window to watch the strip/people. You can see some pretty interesting bits going on if you pay attention close enough downstairs.That was the first great thing that happened. The second thing which was cool was the room credit. We booked this room specifically for the birthday promo on their website which included 2-for-1 drinks at Big Chill and free select domestic beer at The Pub. They ended up not having any of the coupons for Big Chill prepared so they comped us $50 in dining credit for wherever we decided to go in the hotel. Cool, thanks! We enjoyed quite a few drinks at the bar during happy hour, and didn't have to worry about the cost of drinks on my birthday. Can't complain.The BMG, which I didn't get to see, looked pretty interesting but I've heard the shows were just okay. The pricing was about 40% off for MC hotel guests if you wanted to go. I didn't make it this time, but maybe next time I'll try and catch their show. They have a nightly procession through the lobby at 6:15 which showcases some of their contraptions: a drum that moves itself and a lot of bright lights and sounds. I heard the show was just okay but I'll never know for sure. The casino was considerably smaller compared to the Aria, MGM Grand, etc. There also isn't a lot of waitresses walking around taking drink orders which is why I spent most of time at Aria. I sat at their computer roulette tables and got about 4-5 drinks during the hour - hour and a half. I was lucky if I got ONE at the MC. Their food court has a Mickey D's (what I call the McDonald's), Sbarro, Subway, Original Chicken Tenders, and Nathan's (I think). The line was super long for MCD's which I got one night when it was late and I didn't feel like walking the strip looking for food and I've had some....a lot of drinks. You can take the tram to Aria, Bellagio, Crystals, and I also think Cosmopolitan. I used this quite often to go around to all the hotels and take some shortcuts. Okay so in conclusion to my review I will say this and then press the "post" button and hope I made no spelling errors. The hotel was in a nice location, easy access to other hotels, The Pub was a quick happy hour stop, and the beds were comfortable enough for me. I loved the view I got but if I had not gotten the strip view it probably would have sucked, but I got what I paid for. The hotel seems a bit run down as far as decor goes, there's a lot of faded-ish looking gold and brown tones and the walls are thin. I could hear what my neighbors were listening to at all hours. The price was good for what we got: location, location, location. P.S. I really hope they get free wi-fi past the first two floors for their guests.
3	Everytime I wanted to catch the tram to the Bellagio, I've always walked through in here.Overall, everything, including the shopping area in the back which lead to the tram, looked okay.
1	I stayed here on a work trip. The clock in my room is stuck on Chicago time, my tub is leaking and there is no wifi (how is that even possible!!?). Also, they add $20 to your room bill every day for coffee and water. I wouldn't stay here again.
4	My fiance and I stayed at the Monte Carlo in 2012 and enjoyed the hotel for the short time we were there. The registration process was very nice and the staff was incredibly friendly and helpful, and upgraded our room for us. We had an amazing view of the pool area. The room was nice and clean. The air conditioning worked well. The pool area looked amazing, however we didn't get to use it. Our trip was cut short due to a death in the family, and we had to check out in a hurry. The Monte Carlo was incredibly nice and reimbursed us for the nights that we didn't stay. I thought that was really cool of them because a lot of places (especially when you book through hotels.com) won't do refunds.The Pub in the casino has  good food in the $$ price range. The location was great because it was close to everything we like to do. ***We stayed again in the summer of 2013 and this time we got to use the pool.  There is a regular pool and hot tub, a wave pool, and a lazy river.  I have to say, the lazy river is awesome!!! The pool has a great environment, fun with music and a good vibe.  The drinks are a little on the pricey side but the tube rental was cheap and there are plenty of chairs.
3	It's just alright.  No bells or whistles.  I haven't stayed here in years, and since then they've remodeled.  But the pub doesn't brew their own beer anymore!  Boo!  Nice that it still has a tram that connects you to Aria, Crystals and Bellagio.  Convenient, but wish it covered the whole end of this side of the strip.  Summer at the check in desk was great- got us a view and printed my gaming cards for us.
5	Nice rooms & very helpful staff. When we checked in the lady was very accommodating. Our room wasn't ready but she gave us our keys & a map & asked for our number. They sent a txt with our room number as soon as it was ready. I loved it here.
1	I'm ONLY giving them a one star because they have a food court in the hotel which includes Starbucks, McDonalds, Sbarro's and other little restaurants.  The casino was decent and not too crowded.  As for the rooms it was not what I expected at all! Now I understand why the rooms were pretty cheap is because they look pretty cheap.  The bathroom itself looked so grungy and dirty that I almost didn't want to shower in them. The room looked dirty when first walking in.  It's liked the cleaning service just vaccumed for a minute and then they were done.  The reason I know this hotel was not very clean to any standard is because the day we left my brother got bed bug bites all over his body!!!!!!!!!! Not just a couple but more than 50!! This just disgusts me for a Vegas hotel on the strip to give somebody bed bug bites and rashes all over! This hotel needs to be inspected from inside and out for bacteria, bites, mold, and so much more!I am not a happy customer and will never be going back to this hotel again!
4	I visited last summer and for the price, it was worth the stay. The room, from what I can recall, was very clean. I had no complaints with it. The main reason we decided on staying at this resort is because it was in the center of the strip which was perfect. I hadn't been to Vegas since I was 10 years old, so to me, I thought this hotel was nice and the price was perfect, only paid about $70 a night. I can't remember the name of one of their restaurants(it was Italian), but the food was delicious. Compared to the other hotels, I thought their casino was the least smokey. Overall, I really enjoyed my stay here. I would definitely recommend this place to others and would even come back myself.
2	I did not enjoy this hotel. Where to begin? We arrived into town around 1:00 and called to see if we could check in early (check in time was 3:00). We were told it would cost an extra $20. Let the nickel-and-diming begin. We opted not to check in early and when we finally did make it to our room we were unimpressed. It was no better than any low-end hotel room. The fixtures in the bath tub were loose and the cold water dripped after turning the faucet off. The attendant handed us a pamphlet at check in listing the amenities at the hotel. We were excited that Keurig coffee makers were included in the room as part of the resort fee (we had seen this listed elsewhere as well). We did not find a Keurig in the room, but a cheap coffee maker with cheap coffee. We called the front desk to find out why our room did not have a Keurig, and were told they didn't have them any more. After expressing displeasure at the false advertising, they agreed to refund one night's resort fee. We wouldn't be using any of the other amenities. Also, the pool looked awesome but was closed for the season. The temps were in the mid-70s and pools at other hotels were open. Another disappointment. When I tried to turn on the television with the remote, nothing happened. I found that the TV was unplugged, but plugging it back in did not help matters, although I was able to turn it on with the buttons on the TV itself. The front desk sent someone up with a new remote, but that one didn't work either. They promised to send up a technician "right away", which didn't happen. A little while later someone called the room to find out if the television had been fixed, and they also promised to send someone "right away." Hours later, the TV did get fixed while we were away from the room. Also, when I tried to plug in two electronic devices, one of the outlets would not accept the plug. No idea what that was about.Now for the positives. They had great customer services. Everyone we encountered was friendly and helpful. It's in a good location with convenient dining options. Blue Man Group promotions are everywhere, and you're confronted with loud advertisements every time you enter the elevator. They do have a fun parade every evening that storms through the casino. The rooms were acceptably clean and the beds were comfortable. We stayed here because the price was right, but next time I'd choose a different hotel.
3	Decently priced place to stay at on the strip. However, the person who helped us check in could use some brushing up on customer service skills. We got to the hotel at around 11:00 pm, and they had a long line but I don't see this as valid for not being thorough on explaining the charges that were gonna be placed on my credit card, or offer additional help for our stay. The rooms were clean enough, and you get two free water bottles a day due to the resort fee you pay. So I'd contemplate staying here again, but it's not my first choice. Tip: There's a walkway that leads to Aria if you can follow the signs from the food court, so that was convenient.P.s. the walls are sorta thin, so we can hear the people next to us going at it.
3	We had a last minute trip to Vegas the weekend before xmas. Got the room for $49 plus tax& resort fees off Priceline mystery 4 star hotel. 2 queen standard facing strip.The hotel was surprisingly packed checking in around 10pm. As soon as we got to the room, it was decent and seemingly clean but definitely old and worn. (old furniture, carpet stains etc)I immediately checked the beds and there was a nasty brown stain near the foot of the bed. Luckily on our way to the room we passed a housekeeping cart so hubby asked for new sheets. (which also had faded stains, but way better than the brown stuff)The bathroom was ok, water pressure fine, clean to not be grossed out, but def. not soaking in the tub clean. The towels were dingy and had holes. But hey I paid under $100! (I wouldn't pay over that)Great location on the strip! By NY NY, MGM, planet hollywood, Aria etc. There's a tram to bellagio/ aria which is a plus. If you park on the 2nd floor, you can go directly to hotel entrance faster. However, if you have a stroller you have to take the elevator back down. The elevator from parking garage is tiny so you might have to wait for it to go back. I like that you don't have to go through the casino to get to your room (toddler in mind) There's a food court (which we didn't try) Walls are a bit thin + VERY loud neighbors, coming back from clubbing and partying in the room until 6am (could hear their entire conversation, including a fight) Next morning baby was up so WE made a lot of noise (knowing said neighbors were probably sleeping lol) It was too cold for the pool, but heard it has a lazy river.This would not be my first choice unless you are on a budget and want to be on the strip.
3	Ok, this place is a toss up.  The hotel rooms are cheap, you can't stay at your local holiday inn for the price here.  With that being said this place is a great value for what you're paying.  The rooms are average, nothing special, same with the casino and buffet.  The location is greedy, easy walk to several casinos, fairly centrally located on the strip.  We left the casino during the day and only returned to the Monte Carlo to sleep.  They gave great customer service at the front desk, if you're gambling, DONT expect to get a drink.  The ONLY was we got any drinks here were walking up to the bar and playing the slots there, and we only got one after the bartender decided to come over and ask us if we wanted anything which took awhile.  But all in all this place is one of the best places to stay for the value!!!  It is not a bad hotel by any means.
1	The staff is great---except for the Supervisor Ryan at the front desk. This guy is single-handedly destroying the economy of this hotel, and the owner, board of directors, and visitors must know. We came here, and we were disappointed with the room. We came in, and the lamp shades were bent and lopsided. It was as if the lamps hit the floor, and housekeeping didn't care about it. They just put the lopsided bent and broken shades as if it weren't a big deal. The towels were wrinkled, and the carpet was so nasty you could see the build up of dirt along the corners. When you combine the fact that the plumbing fixtures were brassy-old rejects from the eighties, the whole experience is truly depressing. We went to the front desk to get an upgrade. (The suite upgrade is truly worth it. Pay an extra $40 a night to get a suite. I have to say it was worth it, and I'd gladly pay more). Stephanie really worked hard to make us happy---she worked hard to put together the upgrade. Unfortunately, the supervisor Ryan ruined everything. After Stephanie said the upgrade will be at no charge, we were delighted. She said come back in 2 hours. When we did, Ryan said we owed money for the upgrade. I have no problem with that, but when the other representative said there was no charge: Now we have a problem. It's not about money. Now it's about integrity. Now it's about doing what you say.  Ryan argued, and he said that we were wrong. At this point, we just wanted to go to our room: We were exhausted--- whatever just charge us. I've never dealt with someone that was so difficult. This guy should not be dealing with customers. Ryan's philosophy is: The customer is wrong. Thankfully, the brilliant and awesome staff at their Hotel 32 is incredible! Housekeeping is great, the concierge staff is wonderful! I really appreciate those great people; however, the deplorable treatment from Ryan turned us off to the Monte Carlo.The ownership must know that Ryan is a liability. He should not be interacting with hotel guests. The only thing he should supervise is the Buffett.  I say to the ownership: "Send in secret shoppers; this guy is sinking your business. If you want to lose a fortune. Ryan is for you". To potential guests: Stay away unless you get a suite at Monte Carlo. Go to the Bellagio or Caesar's Palace.
1	Used to stay here often. Was always very happy. But the service has really gone downhill. I stayed here last year and had some problems with the pool staff, but not a big deal. I filled out their survey and asked to be contacted. Never was contacted.Decided to give them another chance. Booked a trip with my wife for valentines day. Requested a king bed. Upon check in, we were told none were available. Said they would contact me the next morning to switch rooms. 4pm comes the next day and still no call. I check with the front desk. They said again none available. I said I would pay for an upgrade or willing to switch hotels. Again they said they would contact me. Still no call. Stayed all weekend with small bed and no call. Again not that big of a deal, but enough to be annoyed. Upon coming home, I got another survey. Again I filled it out and asked to be contacted. Over one week later and still no contact. Why ask to be contacted and send surveys if they won't read them? Maybe they will read this yelp review. Last time I stay or gamble at Monte Carlo.
3	ehhh, Monte Carlo is just whatever. The room itself was nice and had a good view but the bathroom needs some updating, especially the fixtures. We stayed here because of the price and location on the strip but thats about all it had going for it. Wish there were better restaurants there as well. Only real issue I had was with the room keys. I had to get new keys 4 times over a 2 day span since they kept on deactivating. That got pretty annoying but I didn't feel like complaining and all that. Wont stay here again unless it is by far the cheapest out of the all the rest of the hotels.
4	Stayed here back in December 2013. The price for the room that weekend was pretty affordable since they were having some sort of construction outside. I was a bit worried that I would be awoken in the morning due to the noise but to my surprise there was none. The room needs to be remodeled though for sure. I wish it had a better tv and better phone reception. The colors are funky too. The hotel location was very convenient though which was a great plus for us that rainy weekend. We were able to take the tram and get to other hotels such as Vdara with no trouble at all. I wouldn't mind staying here again because it was very convenient and affordable. There was plenty of gambling options downstairs as well.
2	Weekend buffet: grossly expensive, yet possibly the worst in town. Any average clueless bachelor can cook half-decent salmon--but not these clowns. Hard and dry through and through, like pieces of compressed pink fiber insulation. They actually made a clunking sound when dropped on a plate. Unbelievable and laughable. This place isn't even trying.
1	If I could give this hotel no stars, I would. I will never stay here again. My poor boyfriend got contact dermatitis all over his body from this hotel. When addressing this issue to the hotel manager, the manager offered no apology and implied it was his fault for not requesting hypoallergenic sheets. My boyfriend has stayed in tons of hotels--good and bad. Never has this been an issue nor has he ever had allergies, so why would he ever request for hypoallergenic sheets? Aside from Monte Carlo being run down, management handled this issue very poorly.
2	One of the older hotels. NO WIFI in the rooms!! The patrons were on their laptops and phones in the lobby. In today's digital world, not having WIFI is a deal breaker in my opinion. The decor in the rooms, bathrooms were quite outdated. The breakfast buffet was ok. Tram to neighboring hotels such as Cosmopolitan. Part of the myVegas slot app game so you can get rooms for free. If you had to pay, I would try other establishments.
2	C'mon guys!  Millions of dollars is pumped into this place but you cannot afford to supply your customers with WIFI in their rooms?  What year are we in?  Cheap mofos.And what's up with your crazy ass shower heads?  Feel like I just walked out of an F5 tornado.
3	Where's the wifi guys??? Oh that's right I need to upgrade my ipad air to a laptop and get a Ethernet cable to get internet in room or better yet just walk around Monte Carlo with my ipad...sweet...get with it there are cheaper places that get it... Now for the rooms..stayed here 3 nights..happy with location and easy to find our room but the room itself needs updating...bed was comfy..housekeeping was alright.. Bathroom sucked!!!! I took a Luke warm shower everyday and the tub occasionally would fill up with water (slow draining) it just felt dirty and I felt more dirty even after showering.. Bring your own soap,shampoo and conditioner they don't soap up.  room and resort fees ,.what a rip, customer service and check in was good... But let's try and keep up with the rest.. I will consider staying again if it was free....  I would elaborate more but I need to contact the hotel first
5	I reserved a suite and it wasn't available when I came to check in....so they upgraded me for free to the diamond suite. That was awesome. I was meeting friends there and we enjoyed the two bathrooms in the suite as we'll as the jacuzzi in the master bath. The room service was great and gave us extra of whatever we needed (mostly coffee capsules for the coffee machine in the room). The casino is fun and friendly and the poker room is very intimate and easy on newbies. Enjoyed every second.
4	In November 2013, I had a good experience. When we checked in, we had very friendly help & we were surprised with a comped daily buffet for two. Nice! The food was very good. Our room was very clean and I was so happy to be getting a great view from the 23rd floor. The floor was quiet and I had no trouble sleeping. One thing that I was disappointed with was that there was no wifi in the room.
2	Under Construction so we lost some photo ops. And the pool wasn't open. Our AC never got cold and maintenance even admitted that the hotel was too old to have a nice system that would actually put out cold air.The carpet was dirty and stained. The halls smelled.The rooms were all connecting so we heard our annoying neighbors. And they kept opening the door on their side to our door and I'm just like, "we don't know you! We're not going to open our door!"The only reason it got two stars from me was because the service at the front desk was good. She was super nice. And the housekeeping staff was super nice as well.
2	Meh. Best for the 40-60 year old set. It is close to everything, but the decor is dated and no attractions (restaurants or shows). Blue Man group is playing, which was fun.....in the 1990s. When I checked in they put me in the wrong room, so I had to move the next day- without any compensation. Don't use Showtime tours (linked through their website). An hour delay on arrival and didn't pick me up on departure.
4	Great hotel. It's not as grandiose as some of the others but it does the job as a great Las Vegas hotel. For the price I think it would be a great stay.
3	It's not the hottest newest hotel in Vegas that's for sure.But it's also not the worst.I've stayed here a few times.The location is awesome and the rooms are a good price.Hotel staff has always been super friendly to us, and our rooms have been clean, luckily.In the summertime they play music out by the pool. It manages to be sort of relaxing even though it's crowded. There were people of all ages which I didn't mind. I don't appreciate bros with bacon skin and hair gel fist pumping, so although its not a Vegas beach party in the Carlo's pool area, it's still fun enough.Also, this hotel is pretty small especially by Vegas standards, so when you and your drunken girlfriends come back from partying, in your clubwear and heels, gripping each others hands for dear life so you don't fall ass over tea kettle onto the casino carpet, you can STILL find your room. I appreciated the little convenience store where I bought mini bottles of champagne and the Starbucks downstars. They have a candy store too, which was fun, but the one in the Paris is better. It's not glitzy, but it's decent for the price and service is nice.
5	Andres cigar bar is a great place to try rare single malt flights 5 for $25 on a Wednesday  and enjoy great Appies and a good cigar
3	For a "cheaper" hotel the Monte Carlo is very nice.I stay here because I get discounted room rates for my play, and I am very pleased with the rooms.  Unless you are getting a suite, a hotel room in vegas is a hotel room.  The rooms here are very standard.The main amenity I like is the food court.  In vegas, if you are not careful, you can quickly overspend on your budget.  Having a food court with cheap food options for breakfast or lunch is very nice to keep the trip within budget.The pools are also nice - but different.  There is a lazy river and a wave pool.  The river is very nice to relax and float around in.The casino floor is decent - not huge, but has enough games.The poker room is small, but I enjoy the friendly dealers.  They are very nice and conversatons with them are enjoyable.  Because of this, I enjoy playing poker at MC.
2	The "strip view" room was alright.  A pretty typical hotel room that you would get at a motel 6.  The maids could do a little better of a job.  The air vents are covered in dust and the bathroom grout is nasty/moldy.  The view of the strip was nice except you also look down on the massive, ugly roof of the casino.  They don't have any wifi but offer free wired internet via an ethernet port.  The Keurig they promised isn't a Keurig.  It's some weird generic coffee machine.  It's not a bad hotel, it's just not really that great either.  Overpriced for what you get.
1	Kind of a trashy place if I'm being honest. Everything is old, icky, and not entirely clean. The wallpaper in our room was peeling and we found broken outlets. Super safe, right?Also, there was no one our age here at all. I wish I had known everyone was at least 50 years old. My boyfriend and I (22 and 25) felt very out of place.Finally, the biggest reason we will not be back is that the place is an overall ripoff. I just can't figure out why they charge at extra $20 resort fee for stuff like water and craps lessons. Does this mean we can opt out of these services? No!Similarly, they do annoying things like give out free drink tickets for spending some certain amount of money at the (ghetto) casino. The thing about these drink tickets is that it's not as easy as walking up to the bar and asking for a drink. You have to track down the mythical waitress to get your drink. I never found this waitress although the bartender swore was "around here somewhere." So thanks for the useless drink tickets, that ended up coming home in my pockets.Generally an icky place. Won't be back.
4	We enjoyed our one night stay at this hotel recently.  The rooms were dated, but we paid less than 100 for the night, and got to stay on the strip! We were pleased!  The staff was friendly, the atmosphere was great!  We enjoyed the restaurants and lounges that were in the hotel as well. The only complaint I have is about the wait to check in.  I felt like I was at wal-mart--- you know, all those cash registers, and only 4 people working... This hotel had more than a dozen check in desks, but only 3 or 4 employees working, so we stood in line to check in for about 20 minutes...Oh, we also saw the Blue Man Group- FANTASTIC show!
3	Nothing spcial, nothing terrible.The rooms were clean, and I really liked how I could walk out of the self-parking garage directly to the lobby w/ elevators so I could go up to my room. That was something special to me. They have Keurigs in the rooms, but the coffee tastes expired. The bottled water is part of your resort fee - speaking of which, I had a comp night here and the guy who checked me in handed me back my card and told me he wasn't even going to charge the resort fee. Kudos, shout outs, and thumbs up.I didn't explore any of the hotel at all, instead, just spending the night here. It's definitely an older hotel and it's rather dated, especially in the rooms and corridors.Overall, I'd stay here again... if it was complimentary only.
1	Absolutely horrible. The front of the hotel was under constriction and they didnt tell is that when we booked. My husband and I reserved a king bed, and instead we got two doubles. When I called down toAsk about it, they said they "didnt have anything available" even tho we bookedOur trip 3 months in advance. Their solution was to give us one the next day in the smoking section. The bathtub had black hair all over it, and the glasses provided for us has lipstick stains on them, the floor wasnt vacuumed either. MyHusband called this timeTo complain and they offered us a $30 food credit. We ended up staying one night out of 4 in the hotel and gotA refund. This place is a joke.
3	The Monte Carlo is a nice place to stay on the Strip. The rooms are nice enough but I have been spoiled by the Trump on my first trip to Vegas so it's not really fair to compare the two. My entire experience at the Monte Carlo was a pleasant one, from check-in to check-out. The staff was really friendly and the concierge services were super helpful. Although I'm not a huge fan of casinos, mainly because of the smoke, it was kind of nice to have it there for entertainment. I also liked the convenience of the food court. Yes, there are much much better places to eat but when I'm craving a McChicken at 1 in the morning, I just want a McChicken! I probably ate more McDonald's in my short trip in Vegas that I did the entire last year. I'm not proud of it, but it happened!The casino itself was ok. Don't bother expecting any sort of drink service though. I don't think I saw a single server the entire time I was there. Luckily, there is a bar at one end of the casino in case you really need a drink. I do wish that the hotel was more centrally located on the Strip. The tram that they have is kind of a joke; I feel like it doesn't really get you anywhere. I would stay here again if the price was right.
3	This is a pretty nice hotel for the price. It's four-star hotel rating is a bit inflated (as with all of Las Vegas), but it's also cheaper than four-star hotels elsewhere (again a feature of Las Vegas), so it all works out in the end. Amenities include TV, a safe, and wired internet. The safe is large enough to hold a laptop or a small purse, but anything larger (like a backpack) won't fit. Since the internet is wired, be sure to bring a laptop if you want to use the internet. Your smartphone/tablet won't work. With the way the economy is going, they probably haven't had the money to upgrade to wifi. The interior decor is OK, maybe more like a three-star hotel, but the lobby is quite opulent.The parking structure is across the street, with a second-floor sky bridge connecting them. When you enter through the sky bridge, you will first go down an escalator to get to the lobby, then proceed to the elevators which is also where the casino entrance is.When booking, you can pay extra for a high-floor (21+)* room for a better view and even more for a high-floor room with a view of the Strip.* No, I don't mean only people of legal drinking age can stay in these rooms, I literally mean 21st floor and up.
1	Recently stayed at the Monte Carlo with my sister for Spring Break/Bachelorette. We arrived around 9pm and checked in quickly. Our room was the very last room on the 8th floor. View of parking garage. There was some long black curtains with a stand hanging in front of the door to the room across from us and it looked like they just needed a place to stick it and decided next to our room! Also, there was a tray of beer and old food that looked like it had been sitting there for days. We had to walk around it each time we went to our room. The room: BLAH. The floor was stained (looked like many people had thrown up on it over the years...) there was candy on the floor from the previous guests. Other than that it seemed clean enough. Nothing special at all, no fridge, no wifi, and all the outlets but one were taken so no charging your phone next to the bed! The safe didn't work, it was open and wouldn't shut. I called the front desk and they sent up security who demanded my ID like a criminal. They said any time they open the safe they have to check ID. I proceeded to tell him the safe was OPEN and nothing was in it so why do I need to show ID? He snapped at me that if I had a problem with their policies to take it up with the front desk. I did and they gave me a $50 credit. They also had to send up 2 more people before the safe got fixed. Also complained about the food sitting outside of our room for over a day and they finally came and picked it up. Went to the pool the next day. It was good enough but I've been to better in Vegas. Also the wave pool was dirty lots of "debris" in it. Came back to the room and it had only been halfway cleaned. Again called to the front desk and they offered to send someone up but at that point we were trying to get ready for a night out so we declined. On our way out we heard someone else on our floor say their room was only halfway cleaned too. The next day we had a housekeeping supervisor come to our room and tell us she thoroughly cleaned our room. Parts of the room looked spotless and then parts were still not done like the day before. Last day for check out I wanted to just do express checkout, reviewed my bill and the $50 credit was not applied. Had to wait in a very long line to speak with someone to get it applied. Overall I was dissatisfied with our trip and I will not be staying here again. They put us in the farthest room, looked like they were using our hallway as a storage area, and a trash area for room service. Not happy at all.
1	i would give this hotel a negative rating if i could. Only gave it a star just because of its great location on the strip. i booked this hotel because my aunts were staying here for the weekend as well. i should have spent extra $$ to stay at the wynn or somewhere else. if you're not staying at their spa suites then forget about this place. it's pretty worn down and outdated.
3	VEGAS! not hard to have a bad time here right? well it can be frustrating when many little things go wrong. Monte Carlo has many great upsides too it as well as a few downsides. Upsides: great location if you would like to stay on the strip. Walking distance to many other casino. Service at the front desk was excellent. Price was reasonable for the quality of the room, minus the downsides in the room (see below) Sports Book was friendly but a bit understaffed. minus 5 bar is cool (literally)Downsides: Bar tenders at almost every bar in the casino were slow, seemed unhappy at their job. Bit of a "Debbie downer" attitude (but waitresses were great) rooms had no WiFi capability. This one baffled me, but they still used an old school hardwire plug in. So dont bring an ipad an expect to use WiFi. The bathroom in our room spelled like sewage. Good thing we didn't spend much time in the room but the odor was bad. Smelled like the plumbing was backed up. Our experience here started off a little rocky with not being able get a WiFi signal in the room. Especially when you have work that needs to be done. 2nd was the smelly bathroom and taking a hot shower just made it worse. Then walking down stairs for a drink and having slow/rude bar service did not help. But with the rest of the trip going well and hotel being right on the strip, it was worth the stay. Would do it again, just as long as the plumbing issue is fixed
2	I have to say I was a bit disappointed with the Monte Carlo. The hotel seems like they skimped on construction costs and here's why. Walls seem thin. We could hear the people in the other room next to ours. People walking and talking in the hallway are easily heard. The tour helicopters flying down the strip are easily heard through the windows. No wifi in the rooms only an old school wired internet cable. No refrigerator. The electrical outlets were either missing the plastic cover (behind the nightstand) or felt loose when pulling the plug out of the outlet. Seemed like a possible safety hazard to me. I realize this isn't the Bellagio but for the money I expected a little bit better quality. We stayed on the fifth floor and can hear the traffic down below on the street.
4	Been a while since we stayed here but just as we remembered.Downside - the rooms are a bit outdated, the bathroom faucet leaked all night, we had trouble with sketchy wifi and when we moved the couch over we saw the carpet hadn't been vacuumed in lord knows how long.Upside - spacious suite, excellent view, comfy bed, slept great, restaurants are fantastic, location is great and staff is friendly.My husband was extremely frustrated with the wifi when we first arrived because it was needed to get sone work done, which he ended up losing some when documents couldn't save, but once work was out of the way we had a great time.
5	This review is for Drew, the bartender at the Brain Freeze Bar at the Pool at the Monte Carlo. While the casino at the Monte Carlo is a little boring, the pool is great!  If you go to the pool, you have to see Drew, the bartender at the Brain Freeze Bar! He makes the best drinks and his Bloody Mary's are the best on the planet! He really made our stay a lot of fun.  It's people like Drew that will keep us coming back to see him.  The other bar at the pool is ok, but Drew at the Brain Freeze is the man to see!Every pool needs a Drew!  Thanks Drew!
3	Monte Carlo Hotel is older, so my experience at this hotel was average. Considering that I've stayed at the Trump Hotel on the Strip, Monte Carlo looks ancient. Pros:- On the Strip.- You can take a tram to go to Aria and/or Bellagio.- Toiletries, hair dryer, safe, coffee maker, two free bottles of water.- Cheap for $60/night as our conference had a special promotion for registered participants.Cons:- No wifi. I was on the 18th floor and I had to use an Ethernet cable to get Internet. I paid $20 for a resort fee, and they should have wifi! - Tub needed to be replaced as there were cracks. - Even though this hotel is eco-friendly, Housekeeping still replaced my towels even though they were on the racks. What is the point of posting a sign to not replace towels if Housekeeping isn't going to follow it? - Bed was old. I can feel the springs.
1	Stayed here when I was 18 & it was great! The location on the strip is still good but 10 years later the hotel still looks the same :/ It's outdated & hello no working WiFi is totally unexceptable!!! The whole weekend we were frustrated trying to get some kind of Internet service! It was just horrible! Also our reservation was wrong & they gave us two handicap rooms with one bed instead of regular two queens in them. They did bring a cot to each room but that was not what was reserved! They offered us the choice to swap into the correct rooms in the morning but when we called @ 11 am they said rooms wouldn't be available until maybe as late as 4pm. We gave up since we weren't going to just wait around to move. We wanted to go have fun...which we did! Had a blast as always in Sin City but definitely would not stay @ Monte Carlo again!
5	I don't know about some of the bad reviews but we just stayed there for 3 nights during Spring Break and it was Awesome!!! We are a family of 4 with our kids being 12 and 8 and everything was perfect!!  Our rooms were great and Clean! The staff was courteous and friendly. The restaurants were great and the pool area was clean and fun!!!  We will definately stay there again!
1	Spend your hard earned dollars elsewhere....very rude dealers, pit bosses are worse and don't even get me started on upper management; also, rooms are hit or miss...mostly miss...gross!!
3	When I went, they were renovating their front part of the hotel so it was a mess. Hotel itself is good but not great. They have a mall-like food court with subway, chinese food and etc. Casino floor was good but also not that great. I would go again because their rate is great but the food and overall it's just good, not great.
3	We had a Monaco Suite. Expected a little better for the money. Furniture could use replacing. Toilet in main bath wasn't working properly. And never could get Wi-Fi. Had issues with the front desk upon check-in too. Casino was nice and lobby was beautiful. Housekeeping was very good. Buffet was expensive, but very good. Great location on the strip.  Probably wouldn't stay there again unless it was at the Hotel 32.
5	Love this place! Nice rooms, great views. This was the first time we have stayed here and will stay again for sure. Not overpriced for what you get. We were very surprised at the quality for the price. Staff is great. Casino is nice and honestly pretty quiet compared to the rest. The bars in the casino are nice and pretty much around the same price as other places. Most have great happy hour prices on food and drinks. Restaurants are all pretty good but, The Pub is amazing and is great for watching sports! Also has great food and a great happy hour setup! Diablo's Cantina is on the corner of the resort and we go there every time we go to Vegas so, obviously it's great as well.  They have a nice walkway that has some good shops and a tram that takes you from MC to Aria to Bellagio. Only complaint I have is the WiFi is pretty much only the first two floors (that's what the sign says) Which won't  bother most people since they're not in the room much anyways. But, for the cyber junkies it wouldn't be very good I guess. I was fine with it coming and going from our room. We were on the 22nd floor so we didn't expect super great WiFi anyways. Keep up the great work and I'm sure we will see you again soon!!
4	Not luxurious like it was before when it was new but with that said the management at Monte Carlo have done a good job of keeping this place in good shape. The casino is clean and lively, sports book is solid, the wave pool and pool area in general was good, and the food court is solid. Our rooms were simple but clean. They need to add wifi and more electrical outlets and USB ports for the rooms. Overall we had a good experience.
2	Meh is how I felt.I maybe have too high of standards but with a name like Monte Carlo (and the pics they post!) I thought I would be more blown away.Checking in was easy enough. Staff was super friendly. The casino had a really good choice of games as well. And the best part....Starbucks right downstairs! As far as room. Was very dated. I don't like that they don't have the bathroom seperated (sink outside of toliet/shower part) like most are these days. Walls PAPER thin. I thought are toliet was still running but the person next door was showering..very LOUD. The hotel did not have as grand of a feel as I was hoping for. In fairness though, I did get a pretty good price though. Too many other nice hotels to stay here again though, IMO
3	Monte Carlo is an old, reliable friend. We've stayed here on three separate occasions spanning eight years. As far as Strip themes go, you're not going to find much of it here. Monte Carlo is built quite simply as a moderately priced, classy hotel. Depending on your timing, it is possible to land a stay here for a very friendly price. Two things stand out to me whenever someone mentions the Monte Carlo: 1) The pool. We really enjoy the pool mostly because of the lazy river. It's very relaxing, and the poolside music is among the least annoying of places we've stayed.2) The casino. Very friendly confines and it's never difficult to sit/play wherever you want. Monte Carlo also has easy access out back to the neighboring casinos, so you don't have to sardine yourself down the Boulevard to get where you want to go. Anytime I'm heading to Vegas, Monte Carlo is in my top three choices for rates in the initial search. She's never let us down.
5	Definitely the best bang for the buck, easy location to major strip sights, conveniently to malls and foodcourt.  Interesting pools, spacious casinos, friendly staff abound! Whether you've got kids or seniors or a group on a guy/gals getaway, this is the one resort in Vegas where I really felt all were welcomed!  I've stayed at Wynn, mandalay, venetian, mgm, flamingo, bellagio and this is my fav mid price resort.  Go to the wynn if you want to splurge but be prepared for the inconvenience of WALKING/WAITING to get anywhere.Pros: Love the variety of pools, lazy river has current and wave pool makes a dip quite fun!Elevators are SO close to everything, if you got kids, are senior or just plain lazy like me, food, pool, casino and exits are all within 50 feet from the elevator.  Wish more resorts were laid out with this convenience in mind.Rooms were standard for the $100 price range, what do you expect?Cons: The resort fee has got to go!  Marriott tried it and had to end it!
2	I've stayed at several hotels on the strip and this hotel isn't a great value.  Paid $130/night for the deluxe guestroom on the 15th floor which is not the cheapest price I saw compared to other hotels but I thought it was going to be a better quality hotel so I booked it.  I was wrong.  There is NO WIFI and we could hardly get any service on our phones in the room which made things very difficult as we were trying to research shows and restaurants to go to.  There is an ethernet cable that you can hook to your laptop which is an amenity included in your resort fee.  Wish I would have known that but I have never stayed in a hotel that doesn't offer free wifi so I didn't even think about it.  The hotel room was pretty dated.  I was kind of disappointed walking into the room after looking at the photos posted on travelocity's website.  At any time of day the check-in line was lengthy, even on Monday as we were checking out, the check-in line was just as long as it was on Saturday.  Some people were getting frustrated because they had 2 people working the check-ins.Pros:Location:  Not quite at the end of the strip.  I've stayed at the luxor which is at the very very end of the strip so it was nice not to have to walk as far.Tram:  There is a tram that takes you to the Bellagio.  And it's FREE!  Just ask the staff about it or look for the signs.  There is also one across the street at the MGM.Blue Man Group:  Affordable show to see and also convenient since it's located in the hotel.  We bought our tix from the "Tix4tonight" booth across the street for $68 each. *Tip for seeing shows:  Check living social or groupon for deals... saw some awesome deals on there after purchasing our blue man group tix.Cons:No WifiNo Mini-FridgeNo dvd-playerAverage looking lobbyNo food or drinks allowed in pool (probably the same at all hotel pools) which means you have to wait in the huge line to order drinksSmells like sewage outsideWill not be staying here again unless there is an Awesome deal going on.
2	The rates are good but in serious need of room upgrades! We got the spa suite and it was pretty gross. It smelled like mildew and there was mold in the shower. Didn't get in the tub because the jets looked really dirty. The carpet is gross. Wallpaper was peeling off everywhere. We ended up changing rooms from the spa suite to a reg room because I couldn't handle the mildew smell. Doesn't look like the pictures at all! We also couldn't check in until 5! When check in is 3 and check out is 11. That was very annoying. The customer service sucked at the front desk as well. Won't be back here
3	Pros: I love the atmosphere here! They offer my favorite game and dealers here. Dealers are all very friendly. Everytime I come visit Vegas. I make a effort to stop by here for the day to gamble and even maybe a have a few drinks.Cons: I used to stay at this hotel all the time because of how much I have enjoyed gambling down stairs. Especially with all the great dealers. But over the years I started noticing the hotel rooms are pretty out dated. Tiles in the restrooms are falling off and/or missing. I can see lots of mold around the shower doors. Hotel Rooms smell. I love this casino but They need to start renovating there hotel rooms.
4	We have been visiting Vegas for years and had never stayed here until this last time. .Check in was easy. Our room was not ready *we arrived early* so that was no problem. Once we got our room...I was pleasantly surprised. We had a spa suite on floor #26 and it was very nice. Loved the big spa type bath tub and the water jets. We gambled a bit..didn't win but had a blast anyway. I will most definitely stay here again.
2	Horrible! Everything about this hotel is BaD! I hated the food, the rooms were disgusting! The service? Forget it, they have no service, but price? Well ya, it's affordable! I guess that's why we get what we pay for!The casino was alright, I did win a little bit!Will I go back? no! I rather stay at motel 6!
3	Central location on the strip with standard hotel rooms. Not too bad but nothing special about it either.
1	Checked into the Monte Carlo tonight, I haven't been this disappointed in a long time. We are suppose to stay here for 3 night's , but we will be checking out tomorrow.  I'd leave tonight but we are exhausted from a long day of traveling.  The place is a dump, carpets are stained, wallpaper peeling off the wall, cracked tiles in the bathroom.  We have an HD TV without HD service. I asked for a fridge in my room, they want $25 a day for it. The Luxor is cheaper and a way nicer hotel. Stay away from this place.
3	It isn't a bad hotel, rooms are average. The casino is small and smells of smoke but it's not oppressive. The pool area is great. Lazy river, wave pool, normal pool. It's underrated for Vegas. The price is reasonable,but don't expect too much else.
4	I stayed here for the second time in my life this weekend and overall I was very pleased. It's true, the hotel isn't super updated as far as looks and it doesn't have Wifi in the rooms. But for such low prices, it is TOTALLY worth it. If you're going to vegas on a budget, this is the hotel for you.Also, the dealers and everyone working there is extremely nice and I received excellent service my entire stay. I usually stay at the Aria, and even though they have nicer rooms and are more technologically advanced, the service at the Aria is always consistently horrible. So, if you're looking for an inexpensive room and excellent services, definitely check out Monte Carlo.
1	Wow.  I can't put together a coherent review which would capture the "run! don't walk!" for anyone considering booking a reservation here.  The first assault is olfactory.  The MC "perfumes" their common areas and casino with something best described as Ozium and urinal cake at the Greyhound bus terminal.  What? Why?!?The "decor = tired"?  OMFG, my frat house last century was in better shape than this tijuana brothel.  Just pathetic.  We moved from 8th, to 9th and then 24th floor in sequence, a futile "Escape from Craptastica!".  Each floor has less busted stuff, but in the end, nothing even reach Howard Johnson status.The vaunted pool?  I would rather go to Rosarita Beach and wallow in a Papas & Beer cesspool of Nortenos Spring Break urine.  That almost captures it, I really felt as if I was in some Cancun sh1thole with a bunch of low-rent state school college kids on Spring Break.The Monte Carlo never pretended to be the Venetian, or Mandelay Bay, or Bellagio back in the day.  But a value proposition it is no more.  It's a tired old rag of a hotel with no pretense that they give a damn about anything, so there you are.The workout area and spa are definitely acceptable, I will give a gentlemen's B+ on this feature only.  Woe betide anyone who isn't physically off spa premises at 7:01P as you'll get the bum's rush at closing time.  But if you're a saavy consumer of value, $10 for the spa is a great deal.I'll wrap up this revue with a simple observation about the Monte Carlo for anyone who brings their laptop in case they're thinking of doing email and perhaps some work while enjoying a 5 day visit to the Strip...at the Monte Carlo, even the DSL is slow...
4	Stayed here over cinco de mayo weekend. It was a my first time staying at the MC and it was a very good experience. On Friday we had a studio that had a great view. The room was very spacious and presentable. For Saturday and Sunday we had a penthouse and it was beautiful. The bathroom was amazing. No problem sharing here lol the view was killer. Huge tv in the living room and bedroom. EverThe bathroom had a tv too. There was two bathrooms. A bar area. A high table that sat 8 people. Service was top notch.
3	Just passing through after catching the tram to and from the Bellagio. Never had the chance to stay here. All I can say is the casino area looks clean and well kept. Good mix of restaurants and stores.
3	Just a review for the pool area...We scored a daybed on a Thursday, because we thought the deal was a steal. $200 for a private area, and you can spend that $200 on food and drink? Perfect. We show up at 9:00, and the $200 daybeds were situated in the shade. We asked the attendant when we could expect some sun, and she told us "not until 2:00 or 3:00"Hang on a second. I am from the midwest. I haven't seen sun in 7 months. I want some sunshine. She told us that we could upgrade for another $125...so we did. We wound up in the red daybeds situated by the lazy river, which was pretty perfect. The private area is choice. We started off with pina coladas and muffins for breakfast, and everything was off to an awesome start. The sun appeared over the hotel at about 10:00, and we basked our pale asses off. Then things kind of went downhill. We had $325 to spend on food and drink, which seemed manageable...but the food is AWFUL. Everything is heavy, greasy, and not what you want to eat poolside. The chicken fajita nachos and artichoke and spinach dip were our first tries, and we barely touched them. The other lunch options sounded even heavier, so we opted out. Sitting in 90 temperatures, I do not want a giant beef sandwich, or a large greasy burger. Blech. The folks in the daybed next to us said their flatbread pizzas were pretty soggy and gross.The fruit plate was decent. So...order thirty of those?When all was said and done, we wound up ordering a bunch of beer to bring back to the hotel, which is cool that they let you do. The bill with all of the service and included gratuity was $422. It was a nice experience, but not a $422 experience. So minus one star for the crappy food and price, and minus another star for not including the fact that the $200 daybeds will be in the shade almost all day on the website.
4	Good strip hotel and an excellent value. Centrally located. I don't much care for the theme or decor, seems generic.I like to access the hotel from Frank Sinatra Dr. It easier to access the parking lot and registration.
3	What was good: The price was okay, not great.  The room was clean.  The beds were fine.What was bad: The shower was terrible (fixed shower head, too low).  The internet access was terrible.There's no reason to say much more, as this review will get lost in the hundreds of other reviews.
4	Nice big hotel with comfortable rooms - good for the price if you don't want something cheap and crappy but also don't want to spend a fortune on a room you PROBABLY won't be spending much time in (other than sleeping). My husband and I didn't visit the pool area but as far as the actual hotel goes, we had no complaints!
3	For the price we paid, it was completely adequate. Our room was basic, clean, and had room to move around in for 3. It was annoying to not have wifi or a refrigerator, but it wasn't the end of the world. Next time, I'll probably stay elsewhere because Monte Carlo is top of the strip and it'd be fun to be closer to the other end, but really, not a bad price/location at all. Definitely go to happy hours at The Cafe and the steakhouse in the hotel. Cafe has $6 appetizers and $2 beer! Steakhouse has $9 apps and 2 for 1 drinks.Overall, fine experience. The $20 at check in didn't work to get us an upgrade, but it was a busy weekend.
1	I stayed at this hotel. All I can say is WOW. The place needs a remodel, an upgrade. Looks like I stepped into the 1980's when I went into my room. (Better then Circus Circus which makes you feel like you walked into the 1960's, I had to look down and make sure I didn't have bell bottoms on) ANYWAYS, these hotels are HUGE so it takes time to go back and forth to your room when you leave. Our view from the room was the top of another buildings Air Conditioning units. The cool thing about the Monte Carlo is the statue of all the womens bootys outside. THATS IT. Wait, one more thing, it was close to Dennys, McDonalds, and 711. Okay, now that's it.
1	Check your credit card!I booked through priceline for a total of $99When I got home, I had a resort fee of $22 and some random charge of $79.I had to call their accounts payable department to get the $79 refunded. I asked to have the resort fee refunded as well but was told to talk to the front desk supervisor. i spoke with a woman that was not the supervisor and she wouldn't transfer me. I explained that the two amex charges I was charged equaled teh two charges they charged me. She explained in different words teh same thing - they can't refund a resort fee. She then explained that the $79 wasn't an additional room charge but rather an error. She didn't indicate what the error was. Really, they just randomly charge extra charges and hope you catch it?I wonder how many other people out there got charged extra and didn't catch it. Trust level with this hotel = 0
1	this casino sucks dont stay here worst customer service in the table games buffet also one of the worst anywhere
2	To begin, my husband and I came to Vegas for our honeymoon meaning that expectations were high. When we arrived to the hotel at 3:30pm we were told that we were unable to check in to our room until 5pm and that they would call us if the room was ready earlier. 5:05 rolls around no call, no room. I head to concierge to see what's happening and her response is "oh, your room is ready. Sometimes they get backed up on calls" that's it.During our stay, every single day a maid attempted to enter (let me assure you that we displayed "DO NOT DISTURB" remember, we were on our honeymoon!) Instead of knocking and awaiting a response, the key was already in the door followed by a knocking than entering. This killed the mood on more than 1 occasion. We have not seen extra charges yet but we will keep our eyes peeled!The room was clean, quiet, and nice. The hotel was very well maintained.
1	We booked a reservation for a handicap room with two Queen Beds 5 months before arrival. My wife called 1 week before we showed up to verify our reservation and they stated we are all set!!.  When we arrived they had no handicap rooms available and asked us to check back every hour. We just traveled 8 hours by car with my son who has muscular dystrophy. He is wheelchair dependent and requires a ventilator to breath. After a couple attempts to get a room they booked us up on the 21st floor on the END OF THE ISLE. This is the worst case scenerio for anyone requiring assistance. My wife complained and was told " we dont hold rooms, we book when you arrive". I felt this was a bait and switch used by car dealers. I felt we were misled by booking a reservation, verifying the reservation 1 week before arrival and getting a room that made our stay miserable. If you have any handicap family members I would pass on   Monte Carlo. They do not care or understand what it is like need assistance.
3	Pro: cheap hotel prices, pool area,comfy beds, strip location Con: very thin walls, dingy looking, low shower head, no drink deals in the pool area, drinks are weak but tasty, spring break atmosphere Tips: your neighbor can hear everything from your drunk stumble in to Getty frisky. Keep it quiet if you want to remain low key. People leave towels on the chairs and often don't come back for hours. No personal items= free for all . Tubes are half price after 2 pm
1	Do not stay here. Bad restaurants, old small room, bad customer service. Nothing here is worth $300/ night during memorial holiday weekend. Except the location and the exterior. I should have listen to yelp reviews and didn't book this hotel. NO WIFI only the first and second floor ( which is lobby and spa )No refrigerator, no hair blow dryer.
5	Well unlike other reviews I read prior to my stay in Monte Carlo I have no complains at all!  Me and my boyfriend stood in Monte Carlo for 5 days May 19-May 24. Check in was at 3:30 but we got there at 9:30 am and we where helped right away! We got a room in the 30th floor and it was really quiet the whole time! We didn't hear anything coming from the room next door and we hardly saw anyone in the hallways all week! Me and my boyfriend are not picky at all and we thought Monte Carlo was great! Good location and overall a nice hotel! If and when we go back to Vegas we would def stay in Monte Carlo again!
3	On arrival we were stung with 20 dollar/day "resort fee", per day plus tax.Bed's were comfy, but walls thin, loads of teenagers partying.  We just stayed on the third floor, so not great views.  It was better value than other hotels in the area.
2	4 stars for the price and location...Had spa suite with incredible view of city center, strip and pool. 0 stars for cleanliness as our room had mold around spa tube and an item I shall not mention stuffed between the couch cushion.  Thank God my wife didn't see it as she would have been physically ill.  We never sat on the couch after that.  Staff was great and very helpful although I have not mentioned our room matters to them yet.  Pool was o.k but cramped and the lazy river was just too small to attempt to navigate the kids on a Thursday afternoon, I'd hate to see it on a weekend.  Very smokey place and just not kept up like it should be.
4	I love the Monaco Suites! The hotel is clean, smells fresh and has an inviting atmosphere.  The buffet was a good value for the price and the cafe is just as good. The pool area has a lazy river and a wave pool. If you can find your way through the maze of retail shops look for the micro brew Pub!!!
5	Nice hotel. Had a fridge in our room which is always good to keep out drinks cold! The pools were cool. The wave pool had the dj. Thought it was weird that they had wet t shirt and booty shaking contests with lil kids there. It should just be an adult pool.
1	Nasty!!! Worst hotel ever!!Reserved a spa suite for my b-bay ,when I got on the room the shower had human hair all over the tile on the floor and very old and run down then the actual spa floor had paint all over it in an attempt to "renew"it and it was chipping off in the water and stabbing me ...switched rooms and the second room the spa doesn't even run!f*luck this place ..if u care about your health DONT stay at the Monte carlo!
3	I think that the Monte Carlo has seen better days. It was once pretty dang nice and one of the best placed to go on the Strip, but it is starting to show some wear and tear. There is a -5 Bar, but it isn't the better one. I can see that there is some renovation going on, so that might mean that the place is on the up-swing. It is right in the middle of the Strip which makes it prime for those that want to stay in a central location. However, I think that I would not likely get a room here and opt for one of the newer, shinier places.
4	Look - if you aren't staying at the Bellagio, or the absolute NEWEST hotel in Vegas, then you shouldn't expect 5 star service! Monte Carlo delivered as far as price goes.We got the rooms somewhere around $80-100 a night, over memorial day weekend. It was our first time in Las Vegas.The Good:1) This part will also show up in my "bad" section, but we were given two queens our first night, after having reserved a king. The view from the queen room, at the end of a very quiet hallway on the 30th floor, was amazing! So we never asked to be placed in the king we initially asked for. I don't think you'll get a bad view in this hotel if you get a higher level room.2) There is SO MUCH TO DO in the hotel itself. We had a hard time leaving, actually. So many restaurants, with great variety, as far as type of food, service, and price go. Starbucks for a quick pick-me-up, Sambalatte for a casual latte. McDonalds for a quick fry, The Cafe for an upscale diner-like experience. There's literally everything you'll ever need in this hotel.3) The pool. We weren't looking for noise, so we sat at the very far left, near the hot tub/actual pool, and far away from the wave pool. Yes, you can hear the music on the speakers here ("club" music started at noon every day), but its HALF as quiet (if not more) than sitting elsewhere in the area where the DJ is. We would walk up to get drinks and go, wow, how is it so quiet where we are over there but so loud at the bar?!4) LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION! Monte Carlo is in one of the best spots on the strip, ever. If nothing else, stay here for the location.The Bad:1) Yeah, we reserved a king and got a room with two double-beds. They should honor the reservation, but kings are "first come first serve" and we checked in at 10pm on a Wednesday night. Nonetheless, they texted us the following day saying our king was available, but we enjoyed our view and room location so much that we didn't bother to switch.2) When we checked in late, there was food on the floor. Crumbs, ramen noodles dried up near the bed, etc. Very visible. We didn't complain because we figured housekeeping would get it in the morning, but they didn't. So we had to call housekeeping and tell them about the food. After this, they cleaned it up very promptly and our room was always in good condition. You're not getting housekeeping service like you'd get in a Hilton, but we never felt "dirty" in our room after that (aside from the food incident).3) It's not a 5 star. Maybe not even a 4. Yes, the furniture is "tired" (I hate this saying) but THE PLACE IS CHEAP! There are some nicks on the furniture, the decor is a little lacking and old, but it was not unpleasant at all.4) ITS THE YEAR 2014, MAKE WIFI FREE IN EVERY SINGLE ROOM, EVERY SINGLE FLOOR! UP THE TECHNOLOGY - IF I CAN CHECK-OUT FROM MY TELEVISION, I SHOULD GET WIFI. Overall, we'd stay here again. It fits our budget. It had everything we needed. It was very pleasant!
3	So the Monte Carlo has recently been renovated. This hotel is a great moderately priced hotel and the renovations make it look a little nicer than it did before. The hotel is pretty central strip. It's in between Aria and New York and right across from MGM. The hotel is pretty nice and the staff is good. We had no problems checking in or out. There was one problem in that we had our do not disturb sign on the door all weekend but when we came back from a pool party on saturday we came into the room and one bed had been made. First, we had the do not disturb sign on because we didn't really need the room cleaned. Second, if someone was coming into the room to clean it, I would have locked my things up in my suitcase. This was a minor problem with us. because we didn't want our things being gone through which is why we had the sign up. But it appears that the sign was ignored. Other than that, it's a nice hotel. It's not the Bellagio but it's not Harrah's. It's a nice room that is in between the two in regards to luxury.
3	They aren't the worst hotel on the strip, and they certainly aren't the best either. I can't say it's really worthy of the Monte Carlo name considering nothing about it really stands out. I try and stay at a different hotel every time I go to Vegas. So far I've stayed at 7 of the hotels on the strip, though my stays tend towards the middle of the pack so that's mostly what I'm comparing the Monte Carlo to. I rated it 3 stars because as it says on yelp, it's A-OK. Nothing really stands out to me. The room is your average Vegas room, the Casino is decent but not too special. I guess the casino is a little better for me because I'm not a high roller and unless I'm doing pretty well or feeling particularly risky/drunk I try and stay below $15 a bet. The Monte Carlo does have a pretty good location so it has that going for it. It's pretty easy to get everywhere from the Monte Carlo. It's certainly not run down which is good in my opinion since it seems like a lot of the older hotels are starting to get neglected. Maybe because the economy is picking back up they're able to focus more on revitalizing everything. When I stayed they were doing a small revamp of the outside of the Hotel. I didn't think the restaurants seemed like anything too special and their buffet doesn't seem to be rated too well. Having said that though, you can get their buffet for really cheap at Tix 4 Tonight so if you're looking for a cheap meal this might be it. I may be confusing it with some other Hotel though so don't quote me on it. Overall, like the rating says, it's A-OK, making it midrange and a decent value for the price.
2	My family and I went here for New Year's 2013 celebration and ended up having my cell phone fried by their after-market, alarm clock, charger.  Besides the fast food court, the restaurants are overrated and overpriced - nothing spectacular.     We were also disappointed because they don't have or no longer have their own brewery, which we were looking forward to.  To me, it's just another fancy looking hotel that is overcharging customers and not taking care of their needs and complaints in a proper and professional manner; I waited months for them to tell me that they did an investigation and found they were not responsible for frying my phone.  They didn't even want phone records to prove my phone was working the day I got there and that I wasn't using it for days after it got fried.     We also spent hundreds gambling and didn't have "any luck" whatsoever.  Overall, a disappointing and extremely expensive New Year's Eve in Las Vegas!!!  Don't ever plan on going back!!!U.S. Consumer
1	This place is horrible, book somewhere else! Customer service here is non Existent! From dirty rooms to rude front desk manager, my stay here was dreadful!
4	Monte Carlo was all I hoped it would be. A nice place to stay, nice pool, dining options for all times of the day and moods, and convenient place on the strip.If you want a spot at the pool on the weekends, be sure to head down there early. The lazy river gets jammed with people standing and socializing around noon, so if you want to take a lap on a tube on the weekends, also be sure to get that in right when you get there. Having McDonald's for coffee and a breakfast sandwich in the morning was awesome to start the day of right. You can't bring food into the pool because they sell some inside, but you can bring your coffee!Lots of other dining options, a few bars, and stores to shop in.I won't only book with the Monte Carlo, but if there were two possible options with the same yelp ratings, I would stay here again.
3	Nice lazy river\pool, friendly staff, comfy beds, spacious rooms. Wish the windows opened a little more though... not the worst hotel on the strip and reasonable for the price
4	Stayed at the Monte Carlo for the 6th time at least! Everything was great. Room was clean and ready when we arrived. The remodeling there doing out front is awesome. They have live music outside on the deck also they added some very good new eateries. Will surely stay there again and again!
2	Everyone is so friendly with the exception of the gentleman that checked us in he was quite short and rude when checking us in....got to room tv unplugged alarm clock unplugged room had a terrible odor to it possibly could be carpet with big huge stains all over it...called and complained that nothing was working and the room stunk they offered to send up housekeeping As for the reason that it's not a 1 star is everyone else was so friendly from table games to concierge desk to waitresses (although my wife played slots and nobody came by for drinks maybe because they don't tip?) eh think next time I will splurge and stay at Aria everyone rants and raves about them lesson learned
4	I have stayed here 3-4 times have had a solid 4 stars every timeThe rooms are clean and nice....The pool area (especially the lazy river) are good ( a bit crowded on summer weekends, but heck, its summer at a Vegas pool!)The restaurants are good and the location of the hotel is awesome!The price is also good (best deal for a good hotel in the middle of everything!Not a 5 star, but a solid 4 starsI would and will stay there again!!!  Thank you Monte Carlo!! See you again in the future
2	My first time going to vegas so I booked with them since my friends stayed there. We bought the early check in and when we get there at 8 am , lady tells us just come by 9 and pick up keys your room will be ready. Come back at 9 there's a huge line, waited in line about 30 mins, the rude and unprofessional lady (her name was kathy) short hair called us over, no greetings,  she tells us we do not have any room available,  I was shocked. What do you mean, I just came here an hour ago all was good. And weirdly all other guests who were being helped by other staff were getting a room and seemed happy. Kathy told us to come back in one hour but room is not guranteed, so if there's not a room ready, she Will refund the money and basically we are screwed and have to find ourselves different hotel. Wtf.. told her no I paid early check in so I want my room by 10 not another hour,  she said ok check back, worst customer service. She is ruining the reputation of monte carlo. And I wasn't the only guest unhappy with her that time. We came back and we made sure to go back to different person not kathy, and we got our room with no hassle.  Even the staff was shocked that kathy sent us away to wait for a "IF" available room.. two stars because the room was decent and served it's purpose.
4	This review will be mostly written regarding the staff.  Everyone we encountered was super friendly.   From the restaurants to the Bathrooms and pool.   Our house keeping staff greeted us every morning.  We had a broken lamp which she called maintenance to take care of before we even had a chance.  When they didn't get it fixed the first day she found us to apologize and tell us she had called again.  The pool servers, although there didn't seem to be very many of them, were very helpful with picking out the right drink and bringing buckets and ice to make sure the drinks didn't get too warm in the heat.   As far as the hotel itself - it needs work.  The rooms are pretty beat up and could use some TLC. For the most part the room was clean and sufficient.  Let's face it, who spends much time in their rooms in Vegas, but it could still use something.
3	For what we paid, this was good value. I've paid much more for a comparable room at Caesars Palace, so I was happy here. I've outlined the pros and cons below. We just had a one-night stay (Thursday), but for $48 plus resort fee (MLife rate) it was worthwhile. The room was simple, but spacious. The furnishings were a bit dated and worn, but it was fine.  The hotel's branding calls it "Unpretentiously Luxurious." Depending on your perception of luxury, that is a pretty fair slogan.On the meh side, the HD tv featured no HD channels. The shower is not well lit, but the bathroom was clean and functional. The check-in took about 30 minutes in  line and there were only 3 or 4 employees manning the desks, though there were stations for something like 15. If you are MLife gold or higher, look for the VIP services on the edge of the lobby toward the casino to check in.We were upgraded to a Strip View room (27th floor of 32). The view of the Strip was minimal; you'll be mostly looking across to MGM Grand and Signature along with some of the lowest rent shops along the strip, or you'll be looking north at the towering Mandarin Oriental which blocks any view further up the Strip. I should have taken a photo to show you, but I didn't even think about it because it was so unremarkable. It was not a view worth paying for, but again, our upgrade was free. If this will be your first trip to Las Vegas and you really want a nice view of the Strip, look for another hotel.My biggest complaint was that the people on our floor were loud in the hallways in the middle of the night. Yeah, it's Vegas, but have some decency. That's what I get for trying to stay on a cheap rate, I guess.The best part was the pool. With a lazy river and a wave pool, you get a lot of options. The pool wasn't massive, but it needn't be. The water temperature was nice and the music was good. A DJ came in the afternoon and she mixed good songs but didn't become the center of attention of our afternoon at the pool.The casino offers some $5 blackjack tables near the food court which is a nice option for the risk-averse or the parsimonious Yelper. Most of the other tables were $10 or $15, I think.The Cafe was a good lunch spot for not too much coin. I had a nice ham and cheese sandwich with salt and vinegar chips and my wife enjoyed her meal, too. I can't remember what it was, but she liked it. Food here counts toward MLife points. It didn't seem to count at the Dragon Noodle house, but that was another good lunch option. The lunch specials are cheap but the food quality was much better than Panda Express.Though the view in our room was meh, the hotel's location is good to many other hotels. You can catch the tram for a quick ride up to Bellagio if you're in the mood for something fancier.  With the cheap room rate and convenience to other hotels, this would be a good place to stay on the cheap if you want to spend your money on nice dinners and/or shows. There are cheaper hotels in the MLife family, but they get really, really sketchy (Luxor, Excalibur). Mirage or Mandalay Bay would be a notch up from Monte Carlo.Another random note: Monte Carlo is one of the easiest to access from Las Vegas Blvd. That is, the driveway is not as complicated. This was a good advantage for us because my brother (a local) picked us up when he got back into town for the weekend. Also, being on the south end of the Strip makes it a  pretty quick to/from the airport.
3	I do hate to rip on places, but I recently stayed at the Monte Carlo in Vegas and I have a few things to say about it.  First, I'll point out that it's cheaper than most places on the strip, there's a McDonald's inside in the food court (great for breakfast and when you don't want to spend $80 on dinner), and the casino is pretty good.  Also, the location of the MC, with the help of the tram, is pretty darn good.  All of these things make for at least 3 stars. However, having stayed at a bunch of other hotels on The Strip, this place was the worst from a room comfort perspective.  The rooms were built in the 80s or something and they certainly show it.  There are cracks and mold in the bathroom tile, the showers aren't great, the carpet is stained, and the fixtures are way out-dated.  I guess I'm a bit of a snob, but I couldn't see past all of that.  I stayed here for a few nights and then stayed at the Bellagio for a few nights, and the difference in comfort level is pretty staggering - to me.  If you don't care about the details and are on a budget, the MC is probably a good place for you.
4	Nice staff and was reasonably priced. However some of the furniture has seen some better days, it could use some updating.
3	I really see nothing so wrong with Monte Carlo. It is in the middle of new Las Vegas, near City Center/ Vdara/ Cosmo/Aria. So you're in PRIME location of vegas, without that PRIME location price. Didn't have any issues with my room, all the concierge/room service people were very friendly!The only issue we had was that when our room wasn't ready, they told us to give them our number and they would text us when our room is ready. We got that text TWICE for two different room numbers, and we got that second text once we already dropped our stuff off at the first room , went to a pool party ... etc. So we were a little stressed about our keys not working later, people walking into our room with our stuff. that didn't happen, but still whats up with that text?!
4	I'm beginning to really like this place. It's clean, the service is outstanding. Especially John at the VIP check in. Their buffet is way more tasty than the Luxor or Excalibur and the same price. My favorite thing is the parking situation. You don't have to weave through the casino to get to your your room.I come to Vegas every other week for work and this has become my go to place.
1	worst hotel i have stayed in in Vegas. Checked in room was to small no biggie we'll up grade. Called the front desk no up grade available go to front desk get upgrade. first move new elevator new wing. The suite only one bed so now a roll out bed. Bed comes move the furniture and their is candy and a frisbee on the ground . Now back to the front desk they said they would give us the same suite and comp the resort fees ok we second move third elevator third wing still no second bed now 30 dollar up charge for roll out bed. Three hours of Batchelor party in Vegas wasted Monty Carlo fail won't be back say somewhere else for the money
1	Just checked out. We had looked forward to staying at the Monte Carlo. We had better offers from other hotels but since we had never stayed here we excited to try it.  When we got there, the room we booked, king non smoking, wasn't available,  so we agreed to the next available and we got 2 doubles smoking. The tv didn't work,  the was cockroaches on the floor!The next day they gave us the king non smoking,  the shower faucet ran all night and the toilet wouldn't flush.  The room next door was smoking weed and we were getting it thru the vents. By the way, ac sucked.Never again.  We were so disappointed!
1	We got a super great deal on our room and now I know why.Check in was pretty simple. They were able to accommodate our party on the same floor which was great.  We upgraded to a Monaco suite solely for the whirlpool tub. We got to our room and we had just a normal tub. I called to find out why our suite did not include this and they informed us that the health and safety department made them take the jets out. Totally fine, but considering we upgraded for that purpose and the website as well as their brochure states that's what the suite included I was a little irritated that they did not notify us about this or at least give us the option to cancel our upgraded room. Our bed was lumpy and we didn't get much of a good nights rest the first night. I contacted the front desk about it and they didn't really do anything, just said sorry. The next day I was pretty peeved and decided to speak with the manager. He really wasn't of much help anyway and offered to move us back into a standard room. We booked at this hotel for the spa, why would we want to downgrade!? I wanted to take a epic bubble bath in the comfort of my room!!!I basically had to ask for them to move us into a spa suite that had not yet been converted. Finally They did after I explained how messed up it was for them not to inform us. It took forever for our room to be ready. They sent me a text saying it was ready so I went back to the room to confirm, only for them to tell me the text was sent prematurely and the room wasn't ready. We spent all day really waiting for our room and at around 4 ish, it finally was. The room was nice once we got there. Bed was MUCH more comfy. But honestly, there was too much work trying to get into a room that we paid for. This is a good place if you just want a place to lay your head and not actually "relax". I would definitely stay elsewhere!
3	Nice, comfortable rooms......nothing flashy....nothing gross.
4	What I like most about this hotel and casino is that I can actually breathe.    Our reservation was originally for the Orleans Hotel and Casino for the onsite children's center and we had arrived and walked into the Orleans Hotel and was immediately assaulted by the overwhelming stench of cigarette smoke and perfume used to cover the smoke smell.So, we left the casino to stay at the Monte Carlo for the lazy river and wave pools and were very happy with our stay.  Any small issue we had was corrected immediately, the place is clean and they have an all day-all you can eat buffet for a decent price!BAD:  no wifi, in room dining staff did not take away the cart for two days.   We called them to take it away as they instructed us to do and we left it in the hall and when we left two days later- it was still there.   Most of the table dealers have no personality.   But I try and look over that because they probably deal with assholes and idiot tourists  every day.
4	My husband and I recently stayed at the Monte Carlo for one night (6/17) since I had a comp room through MyVegas. We arrived in the evening and didn't find a line at the check-in desk.  The clerk who helped us was friendly but appeared to be new since he needed assistance from another clerk.  No problem.  Finding the elevator to get to our room was easy. When we entered the room, it was spacious with two comfortable beds.  The bathroom was okay.  One think I did notice though, unlike most other hotels where you would find a clock.....there was none.  I had to keep checking my cell phone for the time.  We headed down to the MLife desk to redeem a comp for two buffets.  Luckily, the courtesy clerk was nice enough to explain that if we didn't use the comp for that night, we'd lose it.  We took her advice and used it for another night, when we had more time. We instead redeemed another comp for a free pint of beet at The Pub. After venturing out for a couple of hours, we returned to the hotel and headed straight for the food court.  Glad they have one. We slept pretty good but like most other hotels, you do hear people next door or out in the hallways.  When it was time to check out the next day, instead of going back to the front desk, I found the express check-out box close by.  There was a computer on top of it for guests to print out their receipts.  I only wanted to drop the room keys in.  A guest was taking her time at the express check-out box.  Maybe, they can just leave the box by itself so guests can just drop their keys in without waiting.  We left our bags with at the bell desk since we were going to check out the surrounding areas.  The bell man was accomodating and very friendly.  The next time we will have to stay longer than one night.
4	Been a few years since we stayed here.  I travel to Vegas often for work and for fun.  Couples get aways, WCC tourney and girl trips....so been a few places.Not an expert but maybe my info can help someone out.  I always do reviews before I travel to see the most up to date info.Review is for our family of 4 doing a long weekend getaway July 3-6.Girls are 13 and 10.  Pretty mature for their ages, love to travel....we knew kids in Vegas was going to be a bit tricky so a little more planning on this one.  I've stayed at many hotels and admit I'm getting spoiled.  Monte Carlo came to be not because it rivals the Bellagio dripping in luxury (seriously go VIP at the Bellagio, it rocks.) BUT I needed a good location and most important a really great pool for the kids.  Monte Carlo does it right in the pool area.Check in: Don't fear the line, they move it well.  It was a breeze and everyone was very friendly.   I've never tried the $20 sandwich trick or even just bribing for an upgrade but I was talking about how happy I was to finally get to the hotel after a 3hr flight delay and as we wrapped up he upgraded me to a higher floor.  Very nice.  I tipped just because he was so nice to work with and that was a great gesture after long travel. Room: Good, not great.  I've seen some pics from other reviewers and I knew what to expect.  Amenities are fine, space is fine.  My only issue is the beds and pillows.  I can't get a good night sleep here.  On the firm side which I don't normally mind, but just...not good.  Housekeeping ladies are awesome.  Monte Carlo gets a HUGE Plus for having in room coffee and 2 bottle waters daily.  Wifi isn't great though and I have Verizon....only get one bar in the room.  Busy holiday weekend and we didn't even experience any noise from other guests.Dining: You can see the list of what they have but I can say when you need to get something relatively inexpensive, it doesn't get any better.  Of course McD and Subway prices are a bit jacked up but I also didn't hike/drive to get to them.  Great range of dining in the hotel  Before the Blue Man Group we took a chance on Dragon Noodle (see my reviews on each of those) and it was AWESOME.Hotel: Layout is so smart.  From check in, elevators are close saving a trek through the casino.  Pool is super easy to get to, near the elevators.  Food court is near by too.  Most manageable layout for a strip hotel and make it a great choice for families.Pool:  LOVE.  Crowd ranges and ...well you see it all.  Come as you are, you'll fit in.  Show your key, they check for glass in bags.  Small shop has essentials and if you want a cold beer w/o having to wait (or tip) you can get it here like grabbing a soda.  TIP: you can rent inner-tubes to use in the main pool or lazy river OR bring your own, buy in the gift shop or ABC store.  They will inflate anything you have.  For our 3 day stay we bought 2 med ones for $12 each in the gift shop.  Deal.   Food prices are on par for Vegas. Service this busy weekend has been great.Lazy river, wave pool and main pool, volleyball court w sand.....many places for beverages and BONUS, free water cooler (watermelon infused) so you can stay hydrated. Only one bathroom area though.  DJ at the top of the wave pool area starts at noon, so fun.  No drinks in wave pool or lazy river.  All seating gone by 9am, no joke. Clears out some by noon. Cabanas: 3 styles and unlike some hotels where the high rollers get first crack and pricing is obscure...this is easy but reserve in ADVANCE!  We knew this was prime time to hit the pool and I wanted one day where we didn't have to stress over seating.  Only 8 full cabanas, near lazy river/wave pool.  TIP: Do not get #8 unless you get a deal, it is by the bathrooms and on a walkway, worst location ever.They have about 11 lazy river day beds, 2 with pergola like things so you can use curtains to shield. Include a fun queen sz bed with 2 lounge chairs, towels, 2 tubes.  Or, the basic which we got, and it is so fun...umbrella with the bed and 2 lounge chairs.  Service is awesome and attentive.  TIP: For the cost of the rental, you can apply ALL food and bev charges towards that.  Family of 4?  I should be able to do that by noon lol.  Husband was gonna hit Starbucks and I tripped him walking away,  no way, we are eating at the cabana ONLY today!! That is a deal.  I did not get that offer at Bellagio or Caesars cabanas.  FYI we paid top pricing for saturday on the holiday weekend, so $400, plus they add 18% gratuity and tip.  Well spent IMO.  If no one has rented by noon I heard you can "make an offer" too.Hotel Location: Great. My little one isn't a fan of walking and the 13yr old can shop 24/7.   This is perfect.Recap: I researched for days and days to make this trip work for kids.  Top 3 hotels for families are consistently MGM, Mandalay and Monte Carlo.  This one for price, amenities and location win IMO.
1	GOT A GREAT DEAL TO STAY READ THIS!We found a deal for $50 a night for a deluxe room. We wanted to stay where our 4 year old would have fun at pool. YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!Carpets stained on 5th floor room and hallway.Elevators doors showing previous signs of graffiti gonna post a pic of that. Our AC in the room we got on this floor room 135 didn't work well. They brought great excuses. We moved to 30th floor after complaining.  There was broken pieces of glass in hallway I complained about 3times never taken care of. Mold in shower, stains on carpet. Just gross !30 minutes in line to check in which looked like it only got worseTo many people at pool water looked very cloudy and gross We are taking the loss and moving hotels today.I AM EDITING CAUSE WE ARE CHECKING OUT TO GO ANOTHER HOTEL AND I WANTED TO ADD TO THIS.No blow dryer in bathroom! When we called down they were acting like we couldn't find it! 40 minutes before we got it.GLASS STILL IN HALLWAY AFTER TELLING THERE HOTEL STAFF ON 6 DIFFERENT OCCASION.
3	Stayed here for a night on July 4th weekend.  The rooms are your standard rooms, nothing crazy.  Even though the hotel is aging, their rooms are still clean.  Our room had a coffee maker in it. It was a nice morning pick me up.Didn't get to go to the pool, but they have a lazy river, beach volley ball and something that looked like a wave pool.They have a food court, near the lobby that has MCDs, sbarros, subway, rubios, starbucks and a couple of other places to grab a quick bite.I would go back and stay, if the price was right.
3	Stayed here July 3-6 in a deluxe room. My girlfriend and I were able to obtain 3 comped nights via myVegas on a holiday weekend - can't beat that!Location: Great location close to the middle of the strip. The hotel has a free tram that connects to Aria and Bellagio, a major plus in the summer heat. Another plus is the huge parking structure and a dedicated street via Rue de Monte Carlo, accessible from LV Blvd. and Frank Sinatra, making it easy to get in/out of the hotel.Check In/Out: Check in late Thursday night was a breeze, but I saw huge lines on subsequent days while passing through the lobby. The hotel was never too crowded and its layout is simple and easy to navigate, which was a big plus for me on a busy trip. The front desk was helpful with our requests, which included a room change and reservation change (from my girlfriend to me).Rooms: Originally got a 5th floor room (which overlooked a generator) but were able to move up to a 19th floor strip view room our second day (19321). Rooms are middle of the road - I've stayed at better, I've stayed at worse. A little rough around the edges and a bit outdated, but the room was clean and the bed comfortable.Amenities: Of what was covered by the $22 resort fee, we took advantage of the 2 bottles of water and internet, which was wired (outdated, but needed due to the shoddy wifi in the hotel). The pool area and LAZY RIVER is a must-visit if you're staying at the hotel in the summer months.Dining: I found the dining here to be overpriced, even for the Strip. Skip the food court, if possible - I paid almost $9 for a 6" Subway and bag of chips. Yusho and Double Barrel restaurants caught my eye but the prices drove me elsewhere. I heard the buffet was no good, so we skipped that. There are a few highlights, however: Tried Blvd. Creamery, where they have interesting alcoholic ice cream/sorbet. I ate at Diablo's a few years back and if they still have it, the $40 burrito was a great deal. Entertainment: Blue Man Group is the headliner here. If you can't catch them, they have a free processional through the lobby at 6:15 PM. Due to its location, it is easy to check out club and show offerings of other hotels. Only gambled my first night here and broke even. If you're new to gambling, take advantage of a free daily 11 AM craps lesson!Overall: About as middle-of-the-road as you can get in Vegas. The Monte Carlo's location, ease of access, and pool make for its shortcomings. Price-wise, it's usually comparable to TI, Bally's, Tropicana and NYNY. Although not my favorite hotel from that group, I would stay here again without hesitation.
4	In my opinion one of the better budget options on the strip.  My go to place to stay when my favorites are a bit too pricey.  Stayed here several times including two stays during Memorial Day weekend.Room:The rooms are usually clean, but outdated.  There can be some cleanliness issues as others have mentioned but for the most part I did not ever feel disgusted.  My only complaint would be the restroom, specifically the shower.  The water pressure is terrible and the temperature does not get boiling hot as I like.  This is a big drawback for me as I enjoy taking several showers a day after dealing with the dessert heat, and I like my showers hot!  So if these are your pet peeves, hope you get lucky with a decent shower.Location:Definitely a positive, and one of the reasons I would choose to stay at the Monte Carlo over some of your other cheaper options.  There is a free tram that connects you to the Aria/City Center and Bellagio.  We used the tram to get us to the Bellagio and took a short walk through the resort to connect to Caesar's and also to Planet Hollywood across the street.  Trams take no more than 15 minutes to arrive.  You can also walk into the Aria directly through the same walkway that takes you to the tram.  Pool:The pool is also definitely a positive, and would be a factor in why I would choose to stay here.  There are 3 pools, a regular pool, a small lazy river, and a wave pool as well as a beach volleyball court!  The pool area itself is small and can be difficult to find a few chairs, usually we were able to find some next to the volleyball courts.  You can check out a volleyball from the desk with an I.D., however pay attention to the ball as we were constantly hitting it over the wall into the street, and had to go chase it down using the exit doors.  The surrounding buildings also tend to fill the pool area with shade earlier than other resorts which can be a good or bad thing.  There is also a Dj that plays music on top of the wave pool which can be heard throughout the area, definitely more catered to the party scene than the relaxing scene but wasn't a problem as I was still able to nap comfortably.  Food:Recently remodeled front entrance and added a 800 Degree Pizza which was not bad but not comparable to Blaze Pizza in Souther California IMO, which I felt they were trying to contend with, a good ice cream place BLVD Creamery, as well as a few other places I have not tried.  Brand Steakhouse is really good though!  Would definitely recommend this steakhouse, great place for a large party as you can share a 120 oz steak for $250.  It's supposed to be shared by 6 people but we were able to share it amongst 8 of us (6 guys and 2 girls) and it was filling.  The sweet creamed corn is also highly recommended.  Lastly there is a food court with your usual McDonald's running 24 hours, Subway 24 hours, and Sbarro which was almost 24 hours.  The line for McDonald's late night did get really long so prepare to wait.Overall I would recommend staying at the Monte Carlo if you are with a group of friends looking for a place to stay with a good pool, good cheap food options, and good location.  If you are staying with your significant other and looking for a little bit nicer place, I'd say it would be a hit or miss depending on the room you get.  I would definitely stay here again depending on the price and would recommend it to others as well.
4	This hotel was what we needed it to be, a clean room and comfy bed and it helped that there were some great dining and entertainment choices downstairs. We stayed during the week and came for a conference so we avoided the high weekend prices. I would definitely suggest coming during the week if you can, it's always packed but you can save some money and still have a really entertaining time. This was our first time in Vegas so I'm sure if you browse around you can find some great deals in some great rooms, but as far as I'm concerned the Monte Carlo was great.
1	Well let me just start with we booked ahead of time during the week for my husband's 40th birthday. Which is something he was really looking forward to.  Going to Vegas to celebrate sounded like a great idea at a time. I guess we should've did more research on the hotels. First off it was way to families &  kids running around everywhere makes an adult feel weird about drinking in front of kids. Second the check-in my was super Duper long and moving slow like you were the themepark! Third the front desk clerk didn't really know anything and had to call to see what was going on, then proceeds to tell us that there would be an additional $50 a day charge plus $20 daily resort fees on the spa room that we booked which was fine for deposit but daily deposits on the same room that your staying in for a consistent number of days I just didn't understand that!! & the part that made me upset was it didn't mention any of this online.. So instantly I felt like we were getting ripped off I think hidden fees are just wrong I'm sorry people should know what they're looking forward to spending ahead of time and not thrown for a loop when you get there. So then I asked my husband let's just be sure and ask the lady at guest services; she goes on to Tell us in a very nasty way oh she should have charge you'll  $100 a night deposit for the spa suite! I looked at her and said well you all should list these prices and fees on your website and not trick people once they get to your hotel for their stay. But anyway they told us they no longer honor the birthday comps or  coupons they offer on their site so he was kind of feeling down about that but was like oh well. The buffet which he really looked forward to going to was very overrated this was in their hotel!! Way too pricey for the little bit of stuff they offered and it was self-service.. In the mornings the housekeeper knocked then just entered the room so if you were unclothed or indecent she just barged in!! The cocktail waitresses never came back if u happened to see them you have to run them down for one.. Which when some people are gambling it's kind of nice to not have to chase a drink down.. The room itself was okay kinda dated the jacuzzi tub was the only  good point for me.. I'm usually pretty open and easy when it comes to reviewing things but this was very disappointing which was sad for me because his birthday was ruined.. Service was just terrible .. We checked out early and went to a different place.. But all in all we will never stay there again
1	Disappointing! They charged an extra $20 per night  for services like coffee and water bottles. The fee was reversed after I talked with a manager and showed booking paper work. Another 15 minute chat. Pool closes at 7, even during summer. Multiple calls from security letting us know our door was ajar. It was closed and locked.
1	Terrible customer service and dirty rooms. Key lock broke and they caused us to miss dinner reservation because they refused to fix timely. Then room had open hot sauce in desk when we checked into it. Shower head was broke and to top it off had a bug crawling in bed. Pick somewhere else to stay for sure!
5	Didn't get a chance to stay here but I did play here!  By far the friendliest blackjack dealers I have played with.  Makes a big difference.  3/2 blackjack is important to anyone who is series about the game.  Great food choices, love the asian restaurants, friendly service people, clean casino.  Great location.  Some nice shopping options.  If you like beer they The Pub is a must!!!  I will try to stay here next time.
5	Stayed here enjoyed it. The room was clean and I love the casino.
3	Got a really great deal on lasvegas.com. i paid $157.00 includin resort fees and a $35 food or drink credit. Me and my husband stayed sunday and monday. They let us check in at 8am with no extra fee which was awsome cause ive had other places charge me for early check in. Everyone was incredible nice from the receptionist to the housekeepers. They Always tried making conversation. Pros:Room was pretty big nice comfy bed. Had a little desk. Bathroom was a good size. It was soooooo easy to get around that hotel everythin was a turn away. I loved it. I never got lost.Cons:Wifi only worked in the first 2 floors. Otherwise it was dial up in your room. There were no ammenities.You guys really gota check out rio.
3	This review is based on our experience at the casino. This place seems pretty average to me. The ceilings are beautiful and the music is pretty good. I just didn't like that it smelled like someone had pooped or something. The buffet here seems cheaper. Drink service was pretty slow here.
5	Great hotel to stay at! Especially If you get the strip view rooms you can see a lot of the new City-center complex, MGM and some of New York-New York. The pool layout is similar to Mandalay bay and MGM, but on a much smaller scale with a Lazy river, wave pool, Jacuzzi, and a regular swimming pool. The food court has some good options including: McDonalds, Subway, Rubios, Manchu-Wok, Sbarro, Starbucks, and the original Chicken tenders. They have a mall called: the street of dreams which leads to a free monorail system that takes guests to Aria and Bellagio which is perfect for anyone who wants to catch a fountain show without too much walking distance, or for anyone to just look around City center! I would definitely recommend the Monte Carlo resort we've stayed there since the beginning and we've never had any complaints. This resort really offers a solid product for an affordable price!PS: BLUE MAN GROUP! enough said.
5	I stayed here this past weekend and loved it! The casino was super chill. lots of good slots. awesome foot court. the lazy river was dope with $20 daquiries. the room on the 27th floor strip view upgrade was great. the staff was super friendly and helpful. loved having a mcdonalds starbucks and subway downstairs. lots of tables to play and walking distance to the bellagio. would definitely stay here again.
5	My second stay at monte carlo. I love this hotelIts on the strip, easy access, back entrance for valet parking, great staffs, great services, great valets, great atmosphere, ambiance people.  Its not crowded and its nice and quiet. Although we didn't get a strip view but thats okay. Giant comfy cozy king size bed non - smoking room fabulous!  2 free breakfast buffet! Yay! Affordable prices, would definitely come back and enjoy this hotel again
1	Customer service sucks as far as the desk employees i was super disappointed  every person i dealt with at the front desk lobby was super poor. only good experience i experience here was the casino floor and the room cleaning employees were great. The lady at the check in lobby messed up and had me running around like a dummy. Finally an hour and change after checking in i was in my room thank goodness there wasn't a long line at the check in or else it would have been horrible double the time. i had fun and enjoyed the hotel room and such but i was just disappointed in the customer service of the people at the front desk lobby. I reserved a certain room and gave me something i didn't ask for. whats the point of reserving the room i asked monte carlo front desk employee after the mix-up i couldn't get an answer. I'm gonna think twice about coming here again.
2	Got this hotel on a package deal with Southwest Airlines... hotel overall is dirty and dingy.  Would rush my showers just to get out of there.  The toilet made a crazy noise whenever we flushed it, it was kind of scary...  The check in line was always long... At first they told me the wrong room number, went up to the 24th floor and tried my key, wouldn't work... went all the way back downstairs and they gave me the correct room number...Needs renovations to keep up with the nicer hotels on the strip.  Buffet breakfast was just so-so, would not eat there again even if it was free.  Would consider staying at this hotel again only if it was free...
1	Reserved non smoking room,Got smokiing room, can't change it and need to wait for the next morning! Unsatisfied!
3	Do not get the Monaco suite!! Total rip off,  it's not a suite, just a big room. The room was dirty and had old coffee still in the coffee maker. We where in the room for about 4 hours before we couldn't take it anymore and complained. The ONLY reason I am giving three stars is because they have us a free upgrade to the diamond suite! That room is AMAZING. Very satisfied with that. However that's a very expensive room, had we not gotten the upgrade we couldn't have afforded it.          The pool, lazy river and wave pool are supper gross and small. The water is a milky color, and they are all wayyy small. Lame.       Over all the hotels carpets where dirty...room service is NOT 24 hours and it's supper overpriced! $100 for breakfast for 2 and it took an hours to show up. Had we not be givin the free upgrade we would have left on the first night. Only plus $5 black jack! I will not stay at this hotel agian.
5	We absolutely loved the hotel! Having already stayed at other high end resorts for example the Aria, the Monte Carlo is an affordable, comfortable, luxurious and fun hotel! We loved everything about the hotel! Right down stairs is a Starbucks and mcdonalds, so everything was at close range! During the week it's more family oriented rather than weekends, but nothing too crazy! I really enjoyed my stay here! The pools are the best part! They have a river, wave pool, regular pool and a jacuzzi! There's many areas to layout, but I recommend to go early when the pool opens to save a spot!
2	Even though their rates are lower than most, I do not think it is worth it. Pay maybe $20 more to stay at Bellagio or another hotel that is newer and cleaner. Monte Carlo is old; the rooms are really average; casino is mediocre. They do have the buffet and M life, so it's ok if you're going for free.  Don't spend your money here.
2	I've stayed at the MC a few times before and it's always been a pretty nice hotel but this last experience I had in late June was kinda disappointing and I'm not sure I'd go back again, at least not til some things change. It started with a ridiculously long wait to check in --over 40 mins on a Wednesday? Really? I could see this kind of a wait on the weekend or a Friday night but this took me by surprise as I've never waited this long mid-week. The irritating part was there were clerks at their stations who just weren't calling people. I supposed they could've been working on some other issue but then don't stand there and make it look like you have all these clerks working when only two are actually checking people in. :( My other major disappointment with the MC was that they closed the pool at 4PM for a PRIVATE event. Really? During the summer when it's 100+ degrees and your guests want to stay by the pool most of the day, you close the pool that is supposed to be for ALL guest for a private event? Keep in mind, they charge us a resort fee for all the amenities including the pool and yet, we can't use it because they're making money off it for a private event. I think at the minimum they should've refunded our resort fee on the day they closed the pool but no such offer was made at check-out. I go to Vegas quite often and there are many other options in Vegas to not get better service. Hopefully they will improve in the future.
3	This review is purely for the room I was assigned to (not for the hotel lobby/casino which is nice, clean, standard for a the Vegas strip hotel). The room was nothing to sing songs about. I was ignored when I asked if there was any room available that was at a higher floor & maybe with a bit of a view (I don't expect strip views and hot tub, but I do expect a little bit of effort when someone asks for anything... especially when paying Vegas strip rices). They proceeded to simply give me what come up on their computers, with no efforts in looking for availability for something a bit better. OK, fine. Now now I'm in my room. There is no wifi at all. I am right above the air conditioning units. Over the parking lot area, out back.  Since the room is hidden out back and at the lowest level of all, I only get EDGE on my phone (which is good for pretty much nothing, not even phone calls).  I found and old and used coffee package dried up and gross in the coffee machine in the morning. There was no hair drier (isn't this a standard even for a non-baller room??). Needless to say, the room was not good. It served it's purpose, which is to give me a place to sleep with a nice kind sized bed, but that's all. For the price? I would not stay there again. Certainly not in that wing / floor / room specifically. Again... the lobby is nice and big and bright and clean. It's a historic hotel (one of the originals!) so it's beautiful with it's chandeliers, for sure ;) Thanks for reading!
1	This place is falling apart! We wanted to end our trip with relaxation but the room was filthy and old. In the hall the wall paper was falling off. We wanted to try it out because they had the lazy river and the wave pool. There were no waves and the water was cloudy. The only nice person who worked there was the person who checked us in and the guy you get the towels from at the pool. The people walking around there were rude and housekeeping was a joke! I asked for two clean sheets and two blankets and all they brought up was one blanket and the guy was rude. And don't expect enthusiastic dealers. My husband did some sports bets and sat a couple of tables and said all the dealers had the same crappy attitude. The walls are super thin as well so don't expect to get good sleep if your neighbors are up late. As soon as I woke up I got our kids ready and we booked it to the Mandalay bay. I was not about to end my vacation at some run down hotel with miserable workers. Don't expect anything great at this place! And if you complain when you check out all they say is sorry...how about getting a manager. Happy to be checked out some where else with my family. When all of the charges went through they charged me twice and every time I call someone tells me their computer system is down. Guess I'll just have to call my credit card company since they are trying to scam me out of money. Terrible place!! It's still a nightmare and I'm not even there anymore :/
3	Stayed here for my trip in July.  Booked my room online for about $300 for 5 nights.  When we checked in around 7pm, it was pretty quick.  The checkout counter was very near to the taxi drop off.  I almost forgot about the free buffet credit that came with the hotel booking, but the receptionist was kind to remind me and let me know how to redeem it.  The rooms were better than what I expected after reading reviews online. It's not the most luxurious, but worth what I paid for.  The only minor gripes off the bat were that I had to plug the bed light and turn on the main power switch for the TV. This would've been more of an inconvenience for a non-techie.  The resort fee included coffee (1 cup coffee maker using packaged grounds), wired internet (wireless was spotty on the 17th floor, but they only guaranteed connection on floors 1 and 2) and 2 mini bottles of water.  The beds were comfortable and soft. Our room was facing the pool side.  I didn't think the noise level was distracting, but others not used to it might not enjoy it.  It was only on during early afternoon to sunset. Other reviews said the walls were thin, but I couldn't hear any of my neighbors.  Bathroom was a good size.  Fixtures could use an update soon though.  I thought the shower faucet was leaky at first, but I just had to turn it tight.One of the reasons I chose the hotel was its central location.  New York New York was less than 5 minutes walking distance away.  There is a free monorail past the shops that stopped by Crystals Center and Bellagio.  The temperature at that time was between 100-110 degrees, so this helped a lot and saved us money that we normally would use on the bus or taxi. There is a good selection of places to eat here.  New places opened up in the front area facing the strip.The casino itself was one of the smaller ones on the strip I've been to other than Bally's. The only slots I really play are Wheel of Fortune which are conveniently placed by the room elevators and buffet. The Pai Gow dealer Fernando was very friendly to chat with.  Drink service was excellent all around, especially at the tables and Wheel of Fortune areas.
3	Enjoyed our stay here. Rooms are pretty standard. Nothing fancy, but nothing horrible either. My sister in laws room was pretty dirty upon arrival, but ours was fine. Worst part was no wifi above the second floor!!! They have an Ethernet cord but that didn't help with our iPhones and iPads! Pool was nice. The area right by entrance was fully shaded in the morning which was perfect for letting my infant swim for a short time. Wave pool and lazy river were nice also. The food court is convenient. The buffet was horrible!!  Friendly staff. I would stay here again if I wanted something not too expensive.
1	ATTN: Kim T.We'll I made it to Monte Carlo !! Unfortunately I wasn't able to make it to the VIP check in due to the traffic coming from LA. ..  But not the less. I checked in, lady at from was very nice. .. Thank you for the room "upgrade". I really see no difference other then The view and the broken lampshades. We'll here is what I see so far.  The water in the shower comes out. Very lightly with no pressure ( not as I remember it). And. Also the. Drain seem to be. Backed up that the water take some time to drain ...  The lamp shades are all broken and dirty  ill attaches picture...  But. I have to say not what I expected. ..  I would have to say the Monte Carlo to me has loss it's edge and forget the basics I would have to say that this might be the last time I visit any the the MGM resorts. It's sad to say.  I really had higher standards for Monte Carlo. Maybe not as high as your other properties but some what better. ...  We'll if you would. Like my feedback or speak over the phone then  my number is on my room reservation if not it was a pleasure. I will be posting. This on my social media feeds as we'll in the days to come. Including the pictures.  Regards. J. Oliver
2	Let me first say that I normally do not stay on the strip or anywhere near here. I'm a Golden Nugget type of person. The younger crowd that hang out in these strip casinos are full of douchey people that all think they are high rollers when in fact they are all spending their paychecks and savings accounts trying to fit in paying for over priced bottles of wine and terrible service. So this particular trip we were looking for somewhere that had a cool pool because we had the kids with us. Note: kids don't belong in Vegas it's boring for them here. We were just passing thru coming home from vacation. So looking at who had cool pools we would of normally stayed at the MGM. But we wanted to try somewhere new. DUM DUM DUUM! This place is over crowded and over priced. Their rooms are terrible! I literally called the front desk because I said I wanted 2 queens but the queen are more like twin beds. They are SMALL! Very small for a queens. And I have been in better rooms at the Plaza for less than half the price. Bathroom was plain and small. The rooms are very small as well. Just to put it plainly, I WAS NOT IMPRESSED AT ALL! You here about these places on the strip. Yes, the casino was nice. But the other place like the rooms and the pool were just not up to par at all for the price. Big thumbs down for the price. Be happy you got 2 stars. Will never stay here again I don't think.
2	There are nicer hotels for the same prices. I always thought Monte Carlo was higher class, UNTIL I STAYED THERE. Stained & wrinkled carpets, chipped bathroom decor, etc. I stayed for the pools, but the lazy river is very small & the wave pool gives off tiny waves, not even a tad fun. Not staying here again.
4	My fiance and I stayed at the Monte Carlo this weekend. After looking at some of the negative reviews I was thinking we would have to change hotels, but when we arrived we found the staff to be friendly and helpful, the entire hotel and room to be spotless, and our overall experience was great! Pool party was kinda loud during the day but who is in their room during the day? The spa was great (too expensive though, I've never paid so much for a facial). Granted the hotel is older and the floors and fixtures are gold finish like it's 1975 but the chipped floors were shined beyond belief and the place was well maintained. The only negative we had was a weird shower head, it kind of sprayed at you like it was the police and you were a protester - a little too forceful and sort of all over the place.
3	So I received a call from M.C. Today ..  Very nice phone call to apologize for the experience.  Have to say it does. Make a big difference. I have to say I enjoy the Monte Carlo more than any Casino .  Reason being the location and we'll the cost. My review. Was  based on my current visit.  I have been staying at the MC for the past 8 years. That I starting going to Vegas. ..  This mornings phone. Call really cleared the air..  Monte Carlo you have a wonderful team working. Your customer experience. . .   Thank you Kim T. for the phone call. See you in the Fall
4	The valet/ Bell desk guy was superb.  Went to go grab our bags and met us at the taxi stand and loaded them in.Expedia did not have some things right with the reservations.  Front desk Manager Jake was extremely helpful.  Made a bad first impression into a very good one.If you want to get a lounge chair at the pool get their early!  Very nice tho.Waitresses girls for the casino are on top of their game never had to wait for a drink.Strip view room was nice.  We were on the 30th floor rm313Over all a good stay!
1	We have stayed here many times but our last visit on July 19 was horrible. We found both beds had dirty bloody sheets after inspecting sheets in the am. We were ready to leave but our kids begged to stay because they love the pool and friends staying at the hotel. We got a room exchange, $50.00 food credit and one night comp. Still disgusted knowing my kids and I slept in bloody sheets.
4	Clean, good service, and cool lazy river. I stayed in a suite and it was wonderful with a great pool view. Valet and concierge services were helpful and prompt. The food court had good options and their Chinese restaurant was not bad. I just wish the Japanese sushi restaurant would open for lunch hours. I didn't have time to see a show or visit higher end restaurants, so I can't comment. The gym was okay, nothing special.
3	Let me start off and say that the concierge at Monte Carlo was amazing! They are very service-oriented and made me feel like my patronage was appreciated.The rooms were as expected- nice, without being overly luxurious or anything. However, the bathrooms were so subpar. What kind of a 4-star hotel bathroom only has 1 dim light? At least the light was over the sink, so I could apply my makeup properly. However, the tiny tub with the shower curtain was so dark, that I could barely see in the shower. The water pressure in the shower was also pretty terrible, and the water felt like a light drizzle. It also took forever and a day for the shower to get hot. I think it was 10minutes into my shower that I finally felt the water reach a comfortable temperature. I had it on the hottest possible, and didn't need to turn it down at all during my 20 minute shower. Wifi is only complimentary in the lobby and public areas, and guests have to pay for wifi in their rooms. The pool was awesome, and we really enjoyed the lazy river (inner tube rentals at a fee). We didn't get to the wave pool, but everyone seemed to really enjoy that as well. We managed to squeeze into the jacuzzi with about 8 other people. The concierge was very helpful in booking Blue Man Group tickets for us a few hours before the show. We got discounts on seats towards the front of the theater, thanks to our m-life membership. The checkout process was very efficient and simple, thanks to their check out computer kiosks. And they were more than happy to hold our bags for us until our flight in the evening. I'm not exactly sure if I would stay in the Monte Carlo again because of the bathrooms. Although the rest of our experience there was amazing, a dark bathroom with measly tepid water is a huge bummer.
2	If you are on a tight budget - the Monte Carlo is probably one of the better bargains on the strip. From our stay it seems to be popular with overweight middle-aged White people, and frugal Asians. And luckily for me at their gym - seems neither of those groups work out!Given my recent experience though - I will probably spend a few more bucks next trip and stay at Vdara or similar (discount rates via Jetsetter/Hotels etc). I knocked this from 3 to 2 stars for uncleanliness. Details follow....The Dirty Discoveries:- Bathroom floor: dirty, especially under the sink. I mentioned once to room service, but it was never mopped. I rubbed around a towel to verify it was dirty, and not just the color of the floor- Dirty Washcloth: the second day I was delivered a washcloth with multiple large, bright red stains in it, that looked like fresh blood. Made me think they don't bleach their towels enough. Unfortunately it was right on top of other towels on the rack. Those all went on the floor, unused.- Found half a condom wrapper under the desk, in the far corner of the room, next to the wall (thankfully, no condom, and unfortunately too small sized for me anyway)- Found a pill on the floor, next to the bed, while checking around to see what other goodies we might find. Googled it and it was a birth control pill, and not one that any of my girlfriends' take. And, unfortunately, of no use to me (being male).Previous guest - whoever you were - when you leave pills behind - please leave me some of The Good Shit. Thanks.We ended up leaving the wrapper and pill on the floor, to see if it would get cleaned up. They were there our entire stay, until checkout. To be fair - we didn't call room service and tell them about it. But, I wanted to gauge how often/well the floors were cleaned before I performed any calisthenics on the floor. Needless to say we decided it was better off to wear socks and avoid touching the floors.Overall I thought it was kind of funny, minus the bloody washcloth, but my girlfriends' were fairly unimpressed. I've stayed all over Vegas, and in this price range the MGM Grand was similar but cleaner. But that was 9 years ago.In Summary -Pros:+ cheap(I paid roughly $115/night for 5 days = $585 total. I've read other folks found 5 night bargains for as low as $300. For $300 I'd give this place 3-4 stars)+ No taxi line, ever, even peak evening times.+ Beds were decent for a cheap stay.+ Great, free gym, very clean, new equipment, that nobody uses. Very friendly and helpful gym/spa staff. The gym alone would be a deciding factor in staying here again, were the rooms clean.Cons:- Hallways to room were worn down, dirty- Room was very dirty - see above.- Checkin lines looked insane most of the time I walked by. Luckily when I arrived (on a Tuesday) it was fairly dead. I waited maybe 15 minutes total. Later in the week looked light it might be painfully long in line.- Only tried eating at "The Buffet". Food was overall very low quality, in all of my guests opinions, for $25/apiece. I'm more of a quality than quantity guy, but we wanted breakfast food.ProTip: Didn't try their other restaurants, but we found out we could have eaten at The Buffet for roughly $10/person by calling Tix4Tonight.
1	Planned a quick trip for my mother in laws birthday so we had to book a room fast. My mom has stayed at the Monte Carlo years ago and she loved it. So we decided to stay here since all the other hotels were booked. We get to the hotel and wanted to see if we could get the same floor to my sister in laws room since she as well was staying at the hotel. They told us that was possible but our room wouldn't be ready until FIVE PM.. Mind you it was ELEVEN AM. No way would we wait that long so we decided to just get another room in any floor. BIGGEST MISTAKE! The front desk told us we would get a strip view for the inconvenience on the 9th floor. We were excited to go check out the room and when we go in the view of the strip was non existen we had a wonderful view of the roof of the top of the casino.. 1 star down..I tried to be open minded and not let that bother me.. But then I go use the restroom and the door gets jammed! I yelled for my mother in law to go help me open it because I was literally stuck inside the bathroom. It took about 5 mins to finally be able to open it . She had to push the door open with her whole body..Another star down..We go down to the pool to tan and relax for a bit. They do have a small pool and even smaller jacuzzi.  A lazy river. And a wave pool. We walked around and it was beyond crowded you had to search for any empty chairs. The water was so nasty and hazy . I didn't dare to even go into the pool!Bathroom lighting is horrible and the toilet flushing is so loud.. So night time rolls around and it's time for us to shower and get ready so I let my mother in law shower first. When she's done showering she tells me I might have to wait to shower because the tub is full of water.. The drainage was so bad it took forever for the water to go down. So we ran late to dinner because of this . Minus another star.The pillows are not comfortable at all! They are so hard I even had to sleep with no pillows since it was unbearable.  On the other side of my bed there was also a big wet stain. Of course I didn't realize it until I stepped on it with my bare feet. I will never know what that was..At this point I wish yelp had an option to put zero stars.. I won't ever be staying here again. If everything wasn't so crammed in together I would've been able to complain but by then I just wanted to hurry up and self check out and never stay in this nightmare or a hotel again. If your running on a budget there are plenty of inexpensive hotels on the strip. YOU'VE BEEN WARNED DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY STAYING HERE.
5	I come to Vegas 2-3 times a year and this is one if my favourite hotels! I have always been treated so wonderful there. Sure someTimes the lines are long but what do you expect when they literarily have 1000's of people coming to this hotel and Vegas-the pools are nice and the shopping and entertainment is great! The beds and pillows are the best :) I always have one lazy day while I'm here in Vegas and just stay in my room lounging around :) - This hotel is definitely worth the stay :)
3	After a terrible afternoon which included a flight cancellation and the need to book a room on a Saturday at the last minute we ended up here.  I had stayed here years before and the place is definitely worse for the wear.  The first room they gave us was not clean, in a few disturbing ways, leading me to change rooms for the first time in my life.  The second room, on the 28th floor, was better, but still not four star quality.  The staff was nice, and the casino is solid and has reasonable limits, but the rooms are more three star than four and I would hesitate to stay here again without a big room renovation and assurance the cleaning staff was doing a better job.
4	Looking up from the lazy river and wave pool at the Monte Carlo. Get your dance, tan, and drink on!
4	First off, listen, if you are going to give the hotel 2 stars and say you'll stay at Bellagio next time, that is not helpful! That is comparing apples to oranges. Of COURSE Bellago is nicer, it costs 2-4 times as much.  That's like saying Denny's sucks because Lawry's has way better food.  You need to re-align your expectations if you are expecting the Bellagio when you stay at Monte Carlo. If you are looking for the 20-something wild club scene, this is also not the hotel for you. Do some research.  Now, that said, for the price it is great. I have been staying here exclusively for 3 years ever since my last nightmare stay at a TR property, and I have been very happy. Yes, things go wrong, but this is a huge hotel with thousands of guests moving through everyday. Cut them some slack. You are human too. I don't know why everyone is complaining about wi-fi not working in the rooms. They don't even OFFER free wi-fi in the rooms. Only the first floor, though I have stayed as high as 8th and got it to work. They offer free wired internet in the rooms, but no wi-fi.  I have never found rooms to be dirty. Worn, yes, in need of updating, maybe. But filthy? No. The water pressure is a problem at every huge high rise hotel in Vegas, and everywhere else I have ever stayed in one. The pool is our absolute favorite of any Las Vegas hotel. Other than the one day it has a pounding DJ and wet bikini contests, it is a mellow, quiet, safe-feeling atmosphere. I love the lazy river and the wave pool, and I have never had a problem getting a chair in the sun or shade.  Wait service is good if you treat them well, and the only one time I saw any misbehavior security was on TOP of it big time (it was just someone who had way too much to drink and was endangering herself by being in the pool, nothing big).  I think this hotel does tend to attract families because of the pool as there are always kids in it, but I have never felt like it was overrun with kids, nor an inappropriate environment for when I do have my kids with me (which is rare). Admittedly, we don't eat on-property much, we tend to go to other resorts for dining but not because there is anything wrong with MC's food, we just try to brand out and try new things and MC has not had the widest array of choices. Now there are more with the new openings so we may have to try Yusho on our trip this month. Valet has always been fast and we use it every time we stay. I like to park once and cab/walk for the whole trip so we don't have to worry about drinking. I also have used the new express/early VIP check-in and it was great. One room of our two was ready by 10am, the other wasn't but they quickly found one that was and we were on our way to the pool less than 20 minutes later. Yes, the line for check-in is long at 3pm on a Friday - it moves very fast and you should see the line at Bellagio if you want to compare! Yikes!! On our last two trips this year, the casino air was the cleanest it has even been. I did not need my asthma meds once, and not one time did I end up at table with anyone smoking. The air actually seemed pretty darned clean for a casino. One thing I really do like about Monte Carlo is that it is not enormous and the elevators to the rooms are placed very close to check-in and valet/parking as well as the pool and the tram to Bellagio. I hate nothing more than having to walk half a mile just to get to my room, through a crowded casino, carrying luggage. Monte Carlo is also a good less expensive place to stay if you don't plan on spending any time in your room but just want an inexpensive, quiet, convenient place to crash, hit the spa and relax at the pool, while you do your partying elsewhere.As for the comment about only "overweight middle-aged White people, and frugal Asians" staying here, that is disgusting and wrong. You've clearly never been to the pool mid-day. Yes, it is a quieter hotel, not a party scene, but that comment is really ugly. Sheesh!
1	KID City not SIN City...Short Stay type of Motel Rooms not Hotel Rooms.The room reserved for me was outdated with stained and dirty chairs, stained carpeting throughout (I couldn't sit or even take off my shoes) peeling walls, no mini fridge, plus I got a view of their HVAC system. They graciously changed my room it was approximately 20 percent better, but I still wouldn't wouldn't sit on the chairs or walk bare foot.The chaise lounges at the pools are also dirty and stained. You have to climb in it because there is no room on either side of the lounges. They are one on top of the other. The towels at the pool had either yellow stains, holes, shredding at the edges or all of the above.If you want to relax by the pool or in the jacuzzi is not going to happen. Infants and Children galore. So expect a lot of pee pee going on in the water.Even though it is modestly priced. It still wasn't worth the money. Staff are friendly and professional. A serious upgrade is an extreme necessity. Gravely DISSATISFIED!!!
3	I usually stay at the Monte Carlo. I like the location and it's easy to find your way around.  I'm not giving up on the Monte Carlo just yet but they have some issues with maintenance and housekeeping.  The carpets are dirty and the bathroom has issues that would make Bob Vila crap his pants. That said, none of these issues were bad enough to repack my clothes and ask for another room. It's Vegas who stays in their room for a long
4	One of our family favorites hotel and casino. Friendly staff, well kept rooms and the pools are fabulous. Lazy river is our favorite.  Center of the strip and easy access to many shops. Had a great time and will continue to book here.
3	So I received a call from M.C. Today ..  Very nice phone call to apologize for the experience.  Have to say it does. Make a big difference. I have to say I enjoy the Monte Carlo more than any Casino .  Reason being the location and we'll the cost. My review. Was  based on my current visit.  I have been staying at the MC for the past 8 years. That I starting going to Vegas. ..  This mornings phone. Call really cleared the air..  Monte Carlo you have a wonderful team working. Your customer experience. . .   Thank you Kim T. for the phone call. See you in the Fall.
2	Never again! We just checked into out room.  It wasn't very clean, few things looked broken or used. We were only staying two days, so it fine I guess. We went down to the casino to walk around and see what's going on, it was pretty dead in there. 30 mins later we went back to our room, to find our hallway Flooded with about of inch of nasty smelling water! Joking about our room being flooded,  to find out it was our room! Our door was open with staff all standing around blocking our door way, pushing them out of the way. I guess the toilet tank over flowed while we were gone. Our luggage were left in a puddle of nasty water! The staff didn't bother to move anything! We had to call a manager ourselves. They were too busy trying to mop of the flood. The they said a Manger would not come up to our room,  they don't do that. All they were going to do was move us to another room! Turns out after yelling at everyone the manager showed up with security!  We got moved to a worse room with view of construction,  we said hell no, got moved again. They wanted us to do some BS checks and other stuff, we only came back to our room to get ready and leave for a show. I was bothered they never called us to let us know our room was flooded,  nor check on us after we got moved the next day. I would never say here again,  everything looks old and dirty.
4	After staying here for 4 nights Wed-Sun, I have to say this place isn't half bad. Rooms were expected, not completely luxurious but not your basic hotel room.Prices were reasonable for the rooms, I booked two adjoining two queen bed rooms and it still ended up being barely more than just 1 room at a more upscale hotel such as The Mirage or MGM.The pool is awesome. Lazy river, wave pool and a volleyball court. Casino isn't crazy big and just the right size. Game options are good, plenty to choose from. They have a food court with a good amount of options. Id avoid it though cause they literally rape you with the prices there. $10 for a $5 subway footlong?! I'll walk a bit more and grab something cheaper and better.Location isn't bad either, it's at the beginning/middle of the strip. It's convenient that there's a CVS right in front of the hotel and tons of places to eat within the vicinity.Overall if you're on a budget and don't need anything overly luxurious I would recommend this hotel.
2	We booked our room on Expedia like most people would. Requesting a king bed non smoking. When we checked in the hotel told us that room wasn't available. Instead we would get a double queen bed. They said our reservation on Expedia doesn't guarantee any requests. We complained and got no where. They did t do anything for us. I guess this is pretty standard practice for this hotel. The room was terrible and we demanded a room change. They accommodated us. Still in a room that had two queens. The hotel room is very out dated and looks terrible. Bathrooms looks like you stepped into the 1990's. I will never stay at that place again.
4	Okay so my boyfriend and I stayed here Tuesday through Thursday. Valet is EXTREMELY polite and welcoming. The line was short to check in. We got free tickets to the buffet.Let's just say, good thing it was free.  Our room was the Spa Suite. I loved everything about it. The bathroom had it's own separate door for the toilet, which was great.The hot tub was HUGE! I recommend bringing bubbles. It gets really fun. The hot tub is just next to the window to enjoy a view while having a drink. They also have little jets inside the hot tub that are so relaxing. The couches were uncomfortable--stiff. The kitchen was nice. The AC is spectacular. It actually really works. The food court has a great variety.[subway, McDonald's, sbarro, Chinese food, rubios, chicken tenders]Monte Carlo, you sure did satisfy our needs. By far my favorite hotel on the strip now. Would have gotten 5 stars, but I feel like you should update your lamps to have an outlet to charge your phone. And also, the bottom sheet under the bed, [the "skirt"] was dirty. Looked like vomit. :/ But other than that, I loved it all.
3	While not the fanciest hoteln on the strip, the MC works hard to provide amenities and location that keep your costs down while in vegas.  The pool offers more options than caesers, venetian or palazzo and you can get a chaise lounge.  Not being able to move the chairs to sun direction is a problem.Food court is great, access to food and sundries at cvs, walgreens and abc stores across the street is great. Train is fantastic way to get all the way down to the bellagio free..Nice little sports book at no fee (hear that Venetian)..Hip, music on the sidewalk at night.One complaint, wireless access in the rooms is woefully behind the times. 4g barely works, most of the your are in E mode. Lets get modern MC, invest in wireless access points for our mobile devices in the rooms..
4	I always stay at Mlife properties but this was my first time at Monte Carlo! I Loved the cleanliness of the casino  and the location was great! A short indoor walk to Aria and quick tram to the Bellagio ! Right across from the ABC store ! Heaven!!  We ate at Diablos and it was delicious, also the Dragon Noodle restaurant was amazing food ! The only small issue I had was I felt a summer cold coming on and retired to my room early while my husband played some poker. Around 9pm I wanted to order some soup for my sore throat from room service, but they were closed . I guess I was used to the MGM having 24/7 room service.  Nevertheless, it was a great trip, this is my first yelp and I am happy to give a positive review !
4	I enjoyed staying very much because of the hospitality. The Concierge were very kind and so was the Housekeeping. I complained that the shower was very weak and wasn't draining properly and they fixed it right away. I didn't want the trouble of switching rooms either so they fixed the little mistake. The room was okay, two queen beds, non-smoking. Beds were extremely comfortable and I loved the pillows to the point I wanted to take some but refrained from doing so.PROS:-the beds are awesome-the people are awesome-the breakfast at their buffet was pretty good, WAY BETTER than MGM-they have a little food court right across the lobby which is very convenient. Starbucks too.-they have a tram connected to the hotel that will take you to aria and bellagio so you won't have to walk all the way over there. CONS;-the pools were way too dinky for my taste. I mean, my brother loved it because he's a kid but i thought the pools were way too close to each other and the space seemed very compact and limited.All in all, I would definitely stay here again because I loved every minute of it. It was a nice, relaxing vacation that I thoroughly enjoyed and Monte Carlo Resort made it the best for me. WAY BETTER THAN PARIS HOTEL.
2	Because it was our third time to Vegas in three years for yet another bachelorette we decided we would try something different than our beloved MGM Grand and save a little bit of money.Pros- cheap, right on the strip (central), tram goes right to the hotel, lazy river/big poolCons- the rooms were gross! We moved the tv dresser to find an outlet and we found old Parmesan cheese wrappers and food and dust, the lazy river is highly monitored and lots of families- if you are looking for a party pool not the best one as you can't even float the river with a beer! And the showers- old and the water pressure was trickling!All in all I probably would not stay here again and would spend a little more- but I guess the sayings true you get what you pay for!
5	I enjoy the Casino at Monte Carlo, I haven't stayed at hotel but there lobby looks lovely. I have been to Vegas about 6 Times in the last two years and each time I return to Monte Carlo. Not sure if they have a members card.
1	Wave pool was the ONLY redeeming quality.Despite being a relatively newer building, we were amazed at how poorly maintained the rooms are (mold, paint peeling, loose caulking, etc). But what really was an absolute rip off was the $22 per day "resort fee".   Here is what that unwarranted fee entails: "Fitness center access Internet access (may be limited) Newspaper Phone calls (may be limited) Faxes In-room coffee In-room bottled water Additional inclusions".Since we did not use any of those listed, we should not have been charged the ridiculous fee.Next time in Vegas we will be staying ANYWHERE else.
4	Very pleased with Monte Carlo.  The staff (valet, concierge, bell desk, front desk) were all friendly and helpful.  They went out of their way to ensure we had what we needed and knew where we were going.  For $75 we had a large strip view room with 2 double beds.  No fridge or microwave, but I'm sure upon request they can deliver them to the room.  The room was very clean upon arrival.  Checkout was extremely easy and I was able to do so on my phone.  I would have given them 5 stars, but to be fair, I only stayed one night and did not utilize housekeeping.  I cannot rate on the service other than upon arrival.  Free USA Today papers available at the elevator lobbies.  Monte Carlo has a free tram that goes to the Bellagio.  I was happy I see that as the water show and gardens at Bellagio are my favorite to see.  I will be returning to Monte Carlo!
1	I recently just stayed here from 8/28-8/30 and I hate I booked a room here.By the pictures I saw on the website I thought it was a nice hotel with a beautiful clean room! Annnnt WRONG!1. The carpet is filthy and disgusting. This carpet looks like it hasn't been cleaned in years. You can literally seen the dirt on the carpet and spots.2. The bathroom floor was very nasty and dirty and so was the toilet. They switched our and room and the 2nd room was an F instead of an F-.3. The 2nd room carpet was just a filthy. I had to keep my shoes on and it really scared me to sleep in their beds. 4. The tub was stopped up after I took a shower. They had to send someone up to run a snake to clear the drainage. 5. The bell serviceman was HORRIBLE! When we arrived to check our luggage with the bell desk we were not greeted and the Bellman by the name of 'Warren" just stood there and then proceeded to help someone whom had just walked up after us. After standing there the female handler took our bags. Unfortunately we experienced the same treatment by "Warren" when we returned to get our bags. He totally ignored us and then told the other woman behind the desk that he was 'OFF'... Well he fooled us because a minute later he ask someone else did they need help who again came to the desk after us. And after all of that he had to bring our bags out because he apparently was the only handler there. He was very rude and for this Monte Carlo including your fake advertisement of a room I WILL NEVER stay at your hotel again! Please search yelp before booking with this hotel. I unfortunately did not and I did not enjoy my trip to LAS VEGAS because of this horrible dirty rude motel.
1	I stayed at the Monte Carlo Fri 8/22-Sun 8/24/14. I know it's not the nicest or newest place, but the price is right & it's in a good location on the Strip. I've stayed before with no issues, but after this last trip I will NEVER stay there again.I went to Vegas with my sister & one of my best girlfriends. We checked in late Friday night (11pm). We were in our room for about an hour so we could freshen up, regroup with friends & then we went downstairs to gamble & drink. We were out of our room for less than 4 hours. Somewhere in that time frame, all the cash we left in our purses in the room was stolen (a total of around $650). We noticed the next day when we woke up. We reported the theft to hotel management & security. We initially spoke to Ryan, position unknown, as he wasn't wearing a name tag. Ryan accessed their computer system which shows each time a door is opened by a guest or their staff. Long story short, the "system" shows that we did not close the door all the way when we left. There is no way this was possible. The door is so heavy it closes on its own. Their "system" also alerted them to this issue 10 mins after we left the room & security did nothing. Second manager named Celeste came over. They refused to comp our room and only offered a $100 credit towards food & drink. We demanded to move rooms and were told we were being upgraded to a suite. Upon entering the new room, we found it to be the same layout as our first room, just on a different floor. Julius, security personnel, wrote a report on a scratch piece of paper. My sister & I wrote statements. The police were never called. We were told this incident would be referred to Risk Management & they would follow up in 3-4 days after an "investigation". Over a week later and no word from the hotel. Upon my return back to work on Monday 8/25/14, my coworker asked about my trip. When I told her the story, she asked "Wait, where did you stay?" Turns out she stayed at the Monte Carlo in June with her sister & their boyfriends. Their boyfriends went to EDC & the girls didn't. My friend was sick & knocked out on cold medication, but her sister woke up in the middle of the night to find a man in their room. He said he was "security" and was checking a "report" of their door being left open. Super shady business going on at this place! DO NOT STAY HERE! If you must, use the safe AND deadbolt your door!! There are NO cameras in the hallway, so definitely stay at your own risk.
1	Stayed here bout a year ago for one night and finally writing a review on it.. The room was BASIC, I've stayed in nicer motel 6 hotels.. The front desk gave us the wrong key which was annoying. The casino was ok.. the Sushi resteraunt sucked. Don't waste your money here.
5	As it's my last day staying here I thought I'd share since the reviews seem shaky.  This place is beautiful and has a great location on the strip.  The room is actually a great size for a standard king bed room.  Clean and nice!
3	Ahh... breaking up is so very hard to do!  I'm starting to feel the depression kick in as I put pen to paper (ok, fingers to keyboard then) to write this less than stellar review for a place that's been like a home away from home for me the last 10 years or so.During my countless family trips to Vegas in the past decade, more often than not I've stayed at the Monte Carlo, and witnessed its sad, slow decline from a very decent establishment to something that's barely above motel status now.  I fear that this last stay may have sealed the deal once and for all and I'll need to look elsewhere next time.It is certainly one of the more affordable hotels on the strip and in recent years that's ultimately been the deciding factor for me and my family but it may no longer be enough.  Although there are many advantages to staying here, the ever-increasing disadvantages are beginning to tip the balance the other way:The location is ideal for me - the metro link to the City center and Bellagio in particular, is really handy.  I have also always enjoyed their brunch buffet.  I love the fact that the casino is a manageable size so it doesn't take you 17 hours to go from one end to the other; it also has a good selection of fast food places for when you want to grab a quick bite.  They have recently expanded the area leading to the trams to include another Starbucks (two within seconds of each other: major points scored!) as well as a crepe joint and a selection of other fun eating places.  And finally, with the exception of the bell-desk, customer service has always been friendly and professional, so all fine and dandy so far...Unfortunately the one area they need to pay attention to keeps getting neglected, deteriorating with every visit: the ROOMS.  In short: they are past their sell by date!  Everything about the rooms is old and getting older.  The carpet was absolutely horrendous this time - so filthy that I feared I'd catch a disease if I walked on it barefooted!  The towels on the other hand, are so worn and rough it's like drying yourself with a handful of nails.  I asked for fresh towels only to be given one that had not one but two giant stains on it - yuck.  The beds, which are actually quite comfortable, had sheets with holes in them.  The lamp on the bedside cabinet, usually bolted to its base had in fact been ripped off it, with the lampshade all beaten and battered.  The floorboards near the window were loose; the curtain rod actually came off its hook as I went to draw the curtains one night.  There's no Wi-Fi inside the rooms which in this day and age is quite unbelievable.  The ice machine was broken on my floor and two other consecutive floors.  And many other minor irritations that on their own may not be so bad - but when you have such a rich collection of inconveniences, it all adds up to an unhappy experience!  I understand a meaningful remodeling would be a huge undertaking, but surely just a bit of light maintenance would go a long way.I mentioned all of this during check-out and the lady I dealt with was apologetic and nice enough to reduce my bill by dropping the nightly resort fee - which let's face it, is just a b.s. charge that all hotels now tag on to your bill unnecessarily anyway, but it was better than nothing.So there you have it.  It's only owing to a heartbreaking sense of nostalgia that I'm rating this place 3 stars and not lower!
4	Came here with my boyfriend for my birthday and stayed in the Monaco suite. Very nice! I knocked off a star because there was no blow dryer in the bathroom. I usually don't bring my own blow dryer because there's no need to carry extra weight when they're already supposed to be in the room. I found that very odd for a hotel suite to not have one. Other than that, super fun place! We were out at the pool all day yesterday drinking, dancing and ignoring the lifeguards blowing their whistles at us every 5 seconds. Chill out, guys! :)
5	I love this place . I dont know , they have a specific aura , and special weather there ... I was there 5 days , and we didnt get bored , we didnt go out even with my gf . It was amazing vacation. The river pool is fun and playing volleyball also was fun. Casino is just like everywhere , dont play if u cant afford it .
4	Sometimes I run away to Vegas for a very last minute trip and need a hotel while I'm sitting at the airport. I decided to book a room at the Monte Carlos hours before I was set to arrive and was pleasantly surprised. The rate beat that of the rooms listed on the Hotel Tonight app and came with 2 free buffets. The room was pretty basic but clean and welcoming. I got a room with 2 queen beds even though it was only me and had a room facing the pool. The room didn't smell like smoke and the water pressure was fine. One of the elevators was out of order for my entire 3 night stay but I never had to wait long for a lift. All of the staff here were incredibly friendly. I checked out the pool one afternoon at about 2 pm. I inquired about renting a day bed and they said it was $200 for the bed but that $200 was but towards food and drink. Since it was just me for the afternoon that was a little more than I wanted to spend and declined. The guy said that they usually dropped prices at 3pm and since they had 2 day beds sitting open he would drop it down to $150 for me right then. I thought about it but still declined. He told me he could do it for $100. Sold! I got a day bed all to myself for a food and beverage credit of $100 which was easy to meet. The pool was awesome- not too many kids, not too many bros and not annoyingly loud. I also got a free tube for the lazy river and floated around a bit. I might come back to this hotel just for the day bed. The other great perk about this place is the Blue Man Group parade that winds through the casino. It's a great way to spend about 10-15 minutes if you catch the end of the parade near the opening of the Blue Man Group Theater. All and all this hotel is great if you are balling on a budget!
1	Horrible experience will never stay in this hotel again in my life, the room was really small and the furniture looked really old, very depressing.
4	We got the spa suite, no complaints. I love the medium sized refrigerator, no microwave though.
4	Came here with my best friends for a ladies weekend!  This hotel wasn't the fanciest hotel I've ever stayed at on the strip. But for the money ($240 for 3 nights in a high floor room) it was was what I would expect. The beds and pillows were clean and comfy. The shower worked. It was a basic run of the mill shower. The only thing I wish they had was a little fridge. But it's ok. We stopped the sink and filled it with ice as a make shift cooler. I didn't mind it. Honestly, if you are looking for a great location on a budget this place is fine. I liked the pool just fine. The wave pool was my favorite. I also liked the food court. The check in / check out process was painless (granted we did check out at 4:30am....) any questions I had about my bill they helped me figure out and the staff was great. I would have given 5 stars except the room was just ok. The shower was just ok. The room keeping lady seemed fine. The lady came to our room and asked if we needed service. We said no and she went away. As soon as we left (all but 1 of the girls left) she came back into the room. We thought that was odd. And thank god a girl stayed behind to nap other wise we wouldn't have known she came back into the room. Why would she come back immediately after we left? after we said the room was fine? I don't know. But other than that strange happening everything was fine. No secret charges. Nothing.
4	There are plenty of hotel/resorts to stay at on the Las Vegas Strip... Monte Carlo is in the top running for one of the best places to stay on the CHEAP.The rooms are normal, slightly dated. Nothing fancy yet you also don't feel like you're at a cheap motel. One of the best parts of this hotel is the pool area. Various pools, spas, and a lazy river! Plus, you don't have to wait ridiculous lines or have a promoter get you in. It's a low key yet still a fun pool... perfect to spend a hot Vegas day.PerksPool areaFree WiFiNormal roomsOverall, if you are in need of a place on the strip to stay for minimal $, Monte Carlo will not disappoint.
1	Bed bugs??? I don't know if our bed had them but I came home with red marks on the left side of my stomach and back. (I'm a side sleeper) room # 09-118There's nothing special about this place except that it's cheaper than other big casinos. It really feels dated compared to the newer high end resorts now.
4	Awwww, this is the way Vegas was meant to be....not too pretentious, but still a little bit of everything.
4	My fiance and I are coming to the end of a seven day, six night stay. We have enjoyed our time here. It's true that the hotel could be updated a bit more, but the customer service is excellent, friendly and knowledgeable. there are a variety of eating options and we've tried almost all the restaurants. They have some great happy hours with delicious food at Brand and Andre's.  We were on the 23rd floor with a nice view, away from the construction, non-smoking, and away from the elevator (which we love as there wasn't much noise).  One big con for me is that there is no free wifi throughout the hotel--I think that could be changed pretty easily. Everything i have seen (our room, common areas) is clean and simple. It's true that it isn't a higher end hotel, but it was just fine for us. I would think about how much time you will spend in the room. We also liked the free tram between Monte Carlo and Bellagio--very useful, especially when your feet are tired!
2	What happened to this Hotel   It was at one time our go to.   Checked in yesterdayFirst impression hallway needs a redo carpet stained,,  torn, tattered, walls down hallway badly marked up and most pictures that used to line halls are gone.  Just random picture hooks left in walls.     Room not any better than halls. Do not even want to sit in these stained chairs.    Resort fee includes Wi-Fi, coffee and two bottles of water.    Wi-Fi not wireless   really!!!!   There were two packets of coffee and two bottles of water in our room...problem is only one paper cup and no sugar or creamer.  If you are going to say the resort fee covers amenities   than provide them.  Oh and there is a serious, trip and fall hazard just waiting to happen in the hallway    You may want to take care of this.....Please let us know when you have remodeled will not be back until then.
5	Stayed at the Monte Carlo two weekends ago and had a blast! The lobby is beautiful and the rooms were clean! The staff was great and very helpful.  We got discounted tickets to the Blue Man Group for staying at the hotel. The show was great! They have everything inside the Monte Carlo!  Great hotel! Too bad it rained while we were there. We didn't get a chance to check out the pool. Next time...
1	My bf and I decided to stay here because it was cheaper then other hotels. When we get there to check in, the king bed and strip view we paid for wasn't available and so they set us up in another room that had a king bed with no view, but would refund our $ we paid extra for the view back. We get to the room and this room was for someone who was handicap. Nothing against that, but the shower was different and felt like we were at a motel. So we called to asked to be moved to a different room. A dif lady at the front checked n told us a king bed just became avail. We said great well take it! Went to check in our room and it was a double queen bed. Wth. Called the front desk a guy picked up n said they didn't have a king avail n that they'll switch our room first thing when its avail the next day. Next day came we got a text saying our king bed room was avail. We go n check in and guess what? Double queen beds again! We were so furious had to call again and complain n they finally got us our room and told us they will deduct $50 from our bill. So the Last night we were there I was thirsty so decided to get soda from their vending machine. Didn't take cash so I charged it on my cc. First time it didn't seem to take my card so I swiped again. Machine said authorizing then said vending as if the soda was goin to come out. Waited a good 1-2 min. Nothing came out. Checked my bank statement n it charged me twice! Waited another min. Nothing had to call front desk and lady told me I had to go down to the front desk to talk to a supervisor. Oh man by this time I wanted to kill someone! The supervisor was nice enough to refund my $ back. This whole experience was just a living hell for my bf n I and I would never or even recommend this hotel to anyone. It's old, dirty, smells, and have mold stains in the showers.
2	The best part about this hotel was the staff they were so accommodating and friendly. Very disappointed in the rooms, ripped bedding , broken lamp shades, old tubs, caulking falling out around tub, no chairs on room, beds old . Needless too say won't be coming back till they decide to renovate.
1	I'm really shocked that after complaining multiple times due to a domestic dispute in the room next door, that started at 3am, that the hotel manager would not comp us the last nights stay, that pushed us to check out early!!!! That's flippin ridiculous! I would never stay at this hotel again due to the service provided at the end of our stay... They even billed us wrong!!!! Had to review the rate with them since we paid in full at check in...
4	Perfect middle of the road place to stay and gamble in Vegas.  Clean rooms.  The crowd at the pool and in the casino is a little of everything and not a lot of the worst.
4	Just stayed here over the past weekend as a bit of a late celebration for my birthday and wanted to find a hotel on the Strip that wouldn't break the bank but was somewhat central to everything.  This hotel certainly fit the bill as I managed what I thought was a pretty good deal and it included a $75 food and beverage credit for use at The Pub, one of many restaurants on site.  We arrived at about 5 PM or so on Friday night and were met with a long check in line, but with a full staff working the counters, the line moved quickly and in short order we were checked in and ready to settle into our room.  As far as hotel rooms go, there is nothing special about it as it's your standard run of the mill room, though it was a nice size at least.  We noticed an off odor coming from the bathroom which we got rid of by keeping the plunger on the sink closed and thus decided not to complain since it turned out to be a minor inconvenience but worth points being docked off my review.  What kept this review from being a 3 star review was the great selection of restaurants on site (11 total and a food court with a few different options), the Monte Carlo has something for pretty much every taste and budget from budget friendly (food court) to the high end of things (Andre's and Brand Steakhouse).  Like most of the bigger Vegas hotels/resorts, pretty much everything you need is under one roof so you don't need to go anywhere else.Pros:InexpensiveGreat selection of restauarantsClean, well kept casinoEase of navigating around hotel premisesCons:Odor from bathroomHousekeeping didn't clean the room the second day we were there even though we asked
1	Wtf??? No wifi - are you f'ng kidding me? What year is it?  1994 ? I cannot believe a hotel and casino if this size would not have wifi in the room? Every f'ng McDonalds and Starbucks has wifi - give me a break - and no one ever tells you until you ask the bell man how to connect? This is crazy!!!!!
1	Horrible rooms. This hotel is badly in need of a remodel. The bathrooms are awful! There is no cable tv. Don't stay here. And they don't have wifi. I hope you have an adapter for the old school modem cable. Even if you get a discount because there's a seminar being held here, don't stay here.
4	My husband and I stayed at the Monte Carlo for the second time a couple of weeks ago.  It is not the most happening place but it is clean and the staff is great.  A couple of new eateries since the last time we visited were a nice a surprise -- didn't have to leave the hotel to get my gelato or morning coffee!
4	Nice clean spacious rooms. The bathroom was especially large. Great view from my 31st floor window. The bedding was comfortable and soft. The beds were not soft or firm. Just right. The location is what this hotel is really about. It's in the middle of everything. I'll be back.
1	Biggest disappointment!! The worst hotel I have ever stayed in for the price I have paid. You will literally feel cheated. The hotel is so dated. There's construction next door. I got keys to my room to find at least 8 moths flying around, dirty towel on the floor, dirty toilet with seat open, used ice, used plastic bag on the table. It was sheer disappointment as a start to Vegas trip. When I went back to the reception and complained, they didn't look too surprised and said the hotel has no plans for renovation till later next year and then it would take another year. Then I got a different room which wasn't much change. The lamp shades were torn and broken, the sheets grey and faded, the bathroom like a cheap motel, the mattress uncomfortable and the pillows flattened! When I said I want to cancel my reservation, they said I still have to pay $40 for each day of the reservation as a resort fee! I haven't even stayed there for 10 mins! BTW: this is a hidden charge that you have to pay in addition to the hotel fee.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone and I will never ever return here either!
5	We stayed one night Oct 6th.  Arrived at shortly after 1pm.  There was a line 10 deep to check-in.  There were  about 10 agents checking in people.  The line moved quickly.  Room was a standard room-decent size and clean.  Pools were great, 3 pools and a jacuzzi.  Tons of chairs for both those who want the shade or sun.  Casino is average size, not too big, not too small- with a wide variety of games.  Access to the strip was very convenient. Kids loved "Licks", the candy store on the property.  Food court was convenient for a quick bite.  Overall, the property was great.  ps-used myvegas reward for the one nighr comp, which was easy to redeem-once u get the email, u call and book ur room.  u will not receive a confirmation email, which i thought was odd, but all went well!
1	I do not recommend this hotel at all! The rooms are dirty no joke!! Dirty floors , nasty uncomfortable bed! The restroom is disgusting the bath tub creepy old with mold! No wifi! No fridge!! If you want a fridge That's an extra $25 a day never heard of that before! The safe didn't work! The sheets had blood and they didn't want to give my boyfriend a refund we had to pay cancelation fees! It was just horrible!! Never again!!
3	This place is really old and in need of a full over haul. Rooms are outdated and bathrooms are dirty and look very moteli (if you know what I mean)Except for the lobby, the others parts are not so welcoming however casino and food court is really nice.It's in good walking location of strip but the they are having construction going on right by the hotel and car entrance is a little bit tricky. Guests can walk to Aria and City Center from the hotel where they can take tram to Crystal shops and/or Bellagio.We didn't have eat at the buffet but took a look inside, food looks alright but not much variety comparing to the bigger buffets in Vegas. (we ended up having dinner at Bellagio buffet)There was a looooooong line at the front desk for the check-in but staff were friendly and willing to help. They have luggage storage for 1 day for free in case your room is not ready or you are checking earlier than normal check-in time and then they'll contact you (text probably) once the room is ready.Hotel has 1 pool, 1 lazy river, one wave pool and 1 hot tub with beach volleyball. It's kind of behind the main building and goes to shade almost as quickly as around the early afternoon. (only some parts stay sun-lid afterwards)Lazy river tubes are for rent for 5 dollars with no time limit. Pool side bar is nice with lovely people always smiling at you and bringing your order as soon as they can. Towels are available at no cost.there is a $22-23 resort fee per room per night which includes 2 bottle of water daily and wired internet at your room. You'd be able to connect to Wi-Fi only on 1st and 2nd floor.Casino area is nice and black jack tables are widely open and available.There is one $5 blackjack table next to the food court area which is always crowded.It would well-said (as the other review mentioned) Vegas in the middle.
1	This has been the worst experience. My friends and I planned a 20 year reunion over 9 months ago and were so excited to come to Vegas! There are moths in our room, the shower drips constantly, the check in person was so rude to us and every time we needed service we received lackluster responses. Turn down service is non existent. My friend had her shoes stolen out of her room and after basically accusing her roomies (us) stealing them, offered her 50 bucks and showed no care or empathy. I come to Vegas often and will never spend another dime here. The rooms are dirty and the service is terrible. STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL!
2	I stayed 10/6/2014 thru 10/8/2014,  Very disappointed in this Hotel.  We reserved 2 adjoining rooms for myself and 4 friends with a strip view.  We were given 2 rooms that had a view of air conditioners and the end of a roller coaster.  Our sheets had rips in them and our towels were dirty. The toilets did not work properly. To say this place needs updating is an understatement.  Apparently they are under renovation, but neglected to inform us of this when we booked these over priced rooms.  Tried to get the manager to at least acknowledge some of the problems we were having, but we were told the hotel was 95% sold out so pretty much tough.  Not only will I not be staying here again, but will be sure to let all my friends know not to stay here as well.
4	Really nice and lovely quality hotel right off of the Las Vegas Strip, but close enough that it's like you're right ON Da Strip.My room was lovely.  I stayed here whilst the RODEO was in town.Ate at the buffet one night with a former boyfriend who tracked me down after I'd moved to LV and confessed he loved me.  Our romance rekindled here.Clean hotel.  Great bell check for my bags.  Really liked it.  Without having to pay a FULL Strip price.  Just a little savings.  Isn't that always fun?
2	The location of our $325 daybeds is pretty choice, but not worth the money. If you opt for the cheaper daybed solutions you will be sorely disappointed and in the shade for the vast majority of the day.The $325 daybeds by the lazy river do offer some grade A people watching, and since you're right up against the water there isn't a lot of traffic walking through your space.The food was in fact, extremely horrible. My sister (Jessica O.) also reviewed this place, and she hit the nail right on the head. Everything was hot and greasy, and generally of a very poor quality. This place even found a way to F up nachos. I don't know how, but they did it. The drinks were outta this world, lucky for us because we needed to spend $110 bucks a piece on them. The servers are good not great. The few servers I saw were attentive enough, but not overly friendly.The pool is great and definitely worth a visit. But don't bother with reserving day beds...and DO NOT eat here.
4	This hotel wasn't bad. It was my first time in Vegas and after walking around and seeing other hotels I will more than likely stay somewhere else next time but again it wasn't bad. It was affordable which worked for the group I was with. The only complaint I have was the bathroom in our hotel room. Wasn't very clean but everything else was fine.
4	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #14:a solid middle-range casino on a prime piece of real estate; wedged between Aria/City Center and the currently-in-building-process Las Vegas Arena and The Park areas; they have really upgraded this place, so while not all that big, it is a worthy spot, especially for mid-scale dining options; many of these are on the now-completed Strip-front walkway area; I challenge you to find a better deal for Strip-front dining than the inexpensive & super-tasty 800 Degrees (Neapolitan pizza); there is a small, but nice, shopping corridor with the best feature being The Pub (read on); best craft beer bet = by far, it's The Pub, which has a genuinely excellent beer list both on tap & in bottles; nice big space too, although I could do without the horrid dueling pianos bad-80's music when I was there; overall, the Monte Carlo rates at 3.5 stars, but I will bump them up due to The Pub and the Strip-front dining spots (BTW, the corridor walkway from the casino to Diablo's Cantina is pretty cool).
4	I have stayed at several hotels in Vegas and consider this my favorite, though it is not perfect.  It has a good location on the Strip, not far from the airport, by a bus stop.  It has a 24-hour food court and is across the street from Denny's.  The rooms are large, and I have always found the water hot and plentiful.  I have never had a problem with noise.  It often offers a food promotion.  What are the negatives? It charges a $20 "resort fee" that is a total ripoff.  It sometimes charges an early check-in fee.  It does not have free wifi in the rooms but does in the lobby.  On my last visit housekeeping did not leave enough washcloths and towels for two people.  The food court is too noisy in its music.  The pool sometimes closes at 5 pm.I would stay there again.
3	The hotel is getting a little dated.  It is located right next door to the new arena being built, which would be great once completed.  There are several other construction projects that make walking the strip a little difficult on this side of the street.  The hotel wifi is only available on the first 2 floors, which is lousy these days.  My bathtub faucet dripped all night and the fixtures could have been a little nicer.  The shower head was very low for someone 6' tall.  The food was decent, Overall for the price point, this is a 3 of 5.
4	This was my first time staying at the Monte Carlo in quite some time. I always remembered it as being a nice clean comfortable hotel. I was happy to see that it still is same. The staff is very friendly and helpful, hotel is clean. They have added a bunch of new dining options to this hotel since my last stay, and are still adding more to the hotel. My only complaint is that while clean and comfortable, the hotel part is starting to show signs of its age. Could definitely benefit in some touch ups and some new decor in the rooms. Room as free internet via ethernet, not wifi.
4	I have to give this hotel it's props.  Our room was very nice and clean.  Monte Carlo was on my list of hotels I want to stay in.  So far, I have stayed at Excalibur, Flamingo, Treasure Island, Harrah's & Tahiti Village (my cousins timeshare).  The timeshare and Treasure Island have been the best.  Flamingo, I would never stay again.  Monte Carlo I would definitely stay again.  The casino and everything about the hotel was a nice experience.  I enjoyed the buffet.  But my favorite is the Bellagio.  I have tried numerous buffets, but Bellagio stands out.My next adventure will be the Venetian.  I flew Allegiant Airlines for the first time.  We were 45 minutes late getting to Vegas.  And, in Vegas every minute counts.  I almost forgot to mention that I won $ 476.00 at the Palms Hotel & Casino.  I was not at all impressed with the Rio.But if you get a chance, try Monte Carlo.  The staff is great, and they try to help you as much as they can.  You get a $35.00 food & beverage credit.  Use it!!!   The quesadillas at "The Pub" are great!! And so are the Mai Tai's.
3	Another trip to Vegas and tried out another strip hotel casino. This one really has nothing special to offer that differs from the rest. Rooms could use a little updating. The pool was nice with a lazy river, which I always find to be a bonus. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. Can't say I would like to come back for sure. But I bet I will come back just for gambling.
2	Four star? Not so fast...Our room was eh. There's only wifi on the bottom two floors.The pool was nice but had no shade and you have to stand in line at 9am to go put your towels out to even get a seat neat water. AND IT CLOSES AT 5PM.WHA? Who closes a pool in the middle of the day in hot-a$$ Las Vegas???The bright shining light here was the restaurant Yusho - YUM.
2	Moths in my room! It's been several years since I last stayed at the Monte Carlo, but since it was a pleasant stay then, we thought it would be a pleasant one again now. When I made my reservation I requested to add a note that I would be checking in late as I was expecting to arrive after midnight. When we checked in at 2:30am we were informed that because it was so late, they would have to give my husband and I a room with 2 queens instead of a king (which we were ok with, we were tired from travelling and just wanted to get into our room). The overall check-in process was quick with no issues and the person at the front desk was very pleasant. We got a room on the 15th floor, and as I opened the door I was startled with a large moth flying right to my face. Surprised, I stepped back and my husband proceeded into the room. As he turned on light above the doorway, 2 more large moths started flying in the room. We immediately knew we wanted another room, so I went to turn on the light on the desk to use the phone to call the front desk, and another 2 large moths were sitting on the lampshade! When I called the front desk to let them know there were moths in the room, the first response I received was, "Ok, I can send housekeeping up there to get rid of them for you." SERIOUSLY?! I informed her that I did not want that, I wanted a completely new room. She proceeded to find me another room on the 5th floor and transferred our keys, but then said "I can't guarantee that there won't be moths in that room either, because of the season, guests have been leaving their windows open." As I was talking with the front desk, my husband was checking around the room and found more moths in between the window curtains. We immediately went to our new room on the 5th floor, and thankfully it was moth free.We had a Deluxe room, and it appeared pretty dated but the beds were comfortable. There were not many available outlets in the room, and the ones that were available seemed loose. The shower had strong pressure to our liking, but did not drain quickly and I was always standing in ankle deep water by the end of my shower (and I didn't even take long showers). The water also leaked onto the floor when we showered, so we always had to put extra towels down. Our room was cleaned daily, towels & water bottled replaced. Employees we interacted with were very courteous. We also liked the proximity of the convenience shop & food court to the guest elevators. Other than the moth incident, the overall stay was just ok, but I don't think the Monte Carlo will be a first option for us the next time we go to Vegas.
4	My original review of the Monte Carlo was less than favorable but I am pleased to say my second stay has definitely changed my mind. The changes made in a year and a half were massive. The staff were all helpful and professional and the cleaning staff were extremely accommodating. The location is central and the tram to the Bellagio makes getting around very easy. Wifi isn't available in the rooms but is available on the 1st and 2nd floors and there is a business centre for printing. I will stay here again.
3	Mediocre at best; reasonable rate, but a bit tired and worn. Room was fair, but the premium for a "high floor" room was a waste. Look around, you can likely find better deals.
1	Realllly bad ... Bad service , bad room, no wifi in room.... I will not come here anymore.  Horrible hotel ........
4	Ok, so I've been there a few times but never stayed....this review is for the Hit Bar & Lounge located in the Monte Carlo.  Let's just say it's one of the best real drink bars in all of Las Vegas.When you walk in from the strip, the Hit Bar is just past the steakhouse on the right.The best thing about this bar is that it is NOT focused on tourism or video poker or anything other than drinks.  They take classic drinks from around the most popular hotel bars in the USA and replicate them!  They present all of them in a cool faux leather bound menu...and fix very traditional and proper concoctions.The bartenders are real, no sloppy drinks here.  If you want a Bud Light or a shot or a crappy drink, just go somewhere else.  If you're looking to get your money's worth for a superior blended beverage, then indulge and enjoy.  One of the best "secret" finds on the strip!!If you like real drinks, stop here...you will not be disappointed.
2	Rooms were very old they need to update it the casino and hotel itself was not bad.
2	I'm only giving this two stars because of the the gentleman that checked us in, he was extremely nice and helpful, I wish I could remember his name but I don't. Regardless, this hotel sucks ass. Everything about it sucks ass. It is old, the beds are stiff and suck, the rooms look filthy because they are so old. The ac claims its at a temperature (for example 60) and it's not even remotely close to 60. The bathroom is still from the 80s, the shower head seems like they bought it at the dollar tree. The casino sucks. The drinks are expensive. The only reason we stayed here is because we waited too long to book for SEMA, and we immediately regretted it. If you want an enjoyable hotel experience don't stay here.
3	This is a sad sad casino. It has definitely seen better days. When compared to the shiny new hotels on the strip -- Monte Carlo pales in comparison. The carpet is a little worn down and the smell of cigarette smoke lingers in the air. I only played table games here, so I can't comment on the hotel. But, the waitresses were very friendly and brought our drinks often. The dealers had a lot of character and made the games fun.It probably wouldn't be my first choice for gaming, but it's not a terrible choice if you seem to be striking out in other places. (;
2	Really mixed emotions on Monte Carlo.We stayed here four nights at the end of October. It is your AVERAGE hotel - nothing fancy, nothing special.What really drove me crazy was:$20 per day "resort" fee that was for bottle water and WIRED internet access.ARE YOU KIDDING ME??  If you have the balls to charge me $20 mandatory a day internet charge, at least make it wireless.  I have 2 iapds and an iphone and I cant get onto the internet? WHAT A JOKE! The pool was decent - Small wave pool, lazy river, and a regular pool.
3	Its never easy to give a place like the monte carlo such a low rating. I stayed here more then 10 years ago when it was in much better condition and had a better overall feel. I stayed here for a company group trip. The group reservation department handled everything great and gave us a good deal on the rooms. The main reason for this hotel given such low ratings is that it feels like everything is old and not maintained that well. upon arriving to my room, the AC did not work. they sent someone up right away to fix it. The maintenance guy fixed it and also put in a air filter since apparently it was missing, The room while overall clean, you could tell the wear in the carpet, chipped furniture, peeling paint in the ceiling. the sofa had unidentified white marks on it, which required a call to housekeeping for some white flat sheets to cover it to sit on. The bed while clean was sagging on both side which kept me sleeping dead center even if i didnt want to the one thing positive about this hotel was almost all the staff were very friendly and helpful. The room i had was a monaco suite. So in conclusion for the right price its not overall bad, just dont expect high luxury.
3	We were in Vegas for the Marine Corps Ball but we didn't have a room for the prior night so we thought we'd stay in Monte Carlo since we were already there. It was very cheap, $70/night, not bad at all. But you get what you paid for, it was just a room, nothing fancy, holiday inn quality. But on the plus side, it was very clean!
3	Nice hotel with lots of amenities... But in this day and age what hotel doesn't have wifi in their rooms?!!
4	Pleasantly surprised with the quality of rooms and service that the Monte Carlo provided on my stay! I usually aim to stay at the properties that are newer because the older ones generally just have a "dated" kind of feel to them! Well I'm hear to say that wasn't the case by any means! I had a very easy check in! I booked my reservation through the MLife customer service and check in wEnt smoothly! The front desk representative was very pleasant! I booked a high floor room with one kind bed but received 2 queens.. Not really sure why I didn't get the exact requested I put in being that having two beds wasn't necessary at all but hey having two beds are better than none! The rooms was pretty nice and the beds were extremely comfortable! You literally fall asleep right away! The bathroom amenities were just a bit underwhelming but did the job! Having a view of the city center at night was very nice as well! Overall I would definitely stay again!
1	Three stars in many places, but as Vegas hotels go only one star. Very disappointed with the Monte Carlo itself as a facility. The people are nice but they charge one of the highest resort fees on the strip and the rooms do not have Wi-Fi (they advertise high speed Internet, but it is only a lan line-the kind that would work on the lap top I replaced a few years ago. Wi-Fi is only available on the ground and second floors). We paid a premium price for a strip view, but due to newer hotels blocking the view, our strip view represented about 100 actual yards of the strip. One of the days we came back to our room after 10:00 at night, and housekeeping had not gotten to us yet. The carpets all look like they should've been replaced five years ago. It is just run down, and while I have only speculation based on observation to go by, my guess is that MGM (the owner) is going to bulldoze the place for new facility within the next 18 months.
2	Lazy river and pool was shut, apparently they claimed it was noted on the website but we couldn't find it. The casino area and restaurants were reasonably nice and the room was spacious. The walls were paper thin you could literally hear everything, and the pipe work was so loud someone had a shower at 4am and woke us up. Don't normally like to complain but the overall experience was poor and after discussing with management they weren't to concerned in making it any better for us. I would not consider staying there ever again.
4	My boyfriend and I stayed here two weeks ago for our first Vegas trip together/sports tournament trip. I originally booked the deluxe room but noticed a few days later the Spa Suite was available for an extra hundred dollars a night so i decided to upgrade. Check in was long but it was a Saturday and there were around six employees checking in guests. The hotel lobby was very nice and didn't feel outdated at all. I admit it was not as modern as places like Aria but it was not themed to be so I didn't feel it detracted from the hotel at all. The Spa Suite was very nice. It was clean and spacious we enjoyed the glass shower and large sink area. The bar area was nice and clean. Our room overlooked the strip and the large window with the spa was very nice. Best was very comfortable and we slept great. We would definitely stay here again.
4	For our 9 year anniversary we decided to do a weekend getaway to Las Vegas.  Our last visit to Sin City was over 8 years ago and we knew a lot had changed since then.  If we were to head to Vegas we knew we wanted to do it right and have the steak dinner, the shows and the entire Vegas package.  Our last visit we stayed at the Venetian (which I loved) and although super nice it came with a price and we were unable to afford the amenities of the shows and everything else that Vegas has to offer.  After scouring the web and reading a ton of reviews we settled on the Monte Carlo for this trip.The Monte Carlo is an older hotel but still carries itself with great luxury.  The hotel is still modern in its design and really does feel as upscale as many of the newer places in my opinion.  They have a number of restaurants on the premises and although most reviews I read said to stay away we found a great steakhouse and coffee shop that were fantastic.  Upon check-in we found that the room choice we had made were limited in availability and thus we ended up on the 7th floor which really hindered the view of the strip.  I was fine with this as we really weren't planning on spending much time in the room themselves although higher is definitely the way to go.  The room was spacious and nicely furnished, the water pressure was great in the shower (the tub unfortunately had a slow drain that wouldn't keep the water).  The one downfall to the room is the fact that the Monte Carlo only currently offers a wired internet connection in the rooms (our didn't work) and WiFi is only in the 1st two floors (casino and spa/pool areas).  It was unfortunately colder and quite windy during our visit so the Pool was never even an option on this visit.Despite having a long line at check-in, the process was smooth and seamless and we got through it in just a few minutes.  The express checkout is nice and can be done in numerous way as well including through the TV, the kiosks downstairs, via text message, calling a automated number on your room phone or filling out a card and leaving it at the desk downstairs.  The Monte Carlos also houses a number of stores throughout as well as being the current home of The Blue Man Group show.  The also house the Minus 5 Bar, Ignite Bar and upscale eateries such as Andre's and Brand Steakhouse.  They offer Valet parking in front or self parking in a structure to the rear between Frank Sinatra and Las Vegas Blvd (although it was a bit hard to find unless you know where it is.For what we got and the time we spent here, I feel that the Monte Carlo was a great value and a definite good stay.  The casino I found a bit lacking overall compared to some of the other nearby hotels but being as I am not a big gambler this was not much of an issue.  I would definitely stay here again for future visits.
1	Beware of the flyer that the cleaning staff leave in your room called Pizza Bella - don't order from them - expensive and tasteless food.  No one ever offered a complementary drink in casino - like they do in other hotels. Average rooms. No wifi!!!
4	The rooms are clean they don't charge for water bottles inside of our room. They would get a lil bit better review if the quality attention to detail was there. The buffet in the resort was okay I was very glad they had a to go box. This works great in a very time crunch
3	I have stayed twice at Monte Carlo Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, I had to give it a second chance plus try a jacuzzi room. Well, the "jacuzzi" room now is just a big bath tub sitting near the window, they removed the water jet tubs :-( The Monte Carlo marketing pictures and info show jets, for that reason, I had to mark them down.The location of the Las Vegas Monte Carlo is great since I like walking the strip to go through as many casinos as my feet will let me. I ate at the food court for breakfast because a number of the food chains actually have a breakfast menu; it was quick, good and reasonably priced.The pools are nice and a lazy river and wave pool are cool, but there is a lack of seating so they are hard to enjoy without planning. I went to the pool on a Monday in fall and was barely able to find a place to lay down for some Sun.My previous stay in Vegas was in a basic room and I got what I expected: basics, so I would stay at the Monte Carlo Las Vegas again if I had to, but they won't be my first choice.
5	This hotel is 4 Diamond rated by Forbes. It is home to the Blue Man Group show and has about 15 different eateries ranging from fast food to fine dining. Fast food: McDonald's, Starbucks, Subway, Original Chicken Tender, Sambalatte, and More. Restaurants: Brand Steakhouse, Andre's French Restaurant, The Pub, Yusho Japanese Group, 800 Degrees Pizzeria, Diablo's Cantina, and Double Barrel.Other great places are like Minus 5, it's a room made of ice where you can purchase enter and receive fur coats to keep warm, inside is a full bar where they serve your drinks in a frozen cup.There's a team that will take you to Crystals shipping center and the Bellagio hotel.The hotel has direct inside access to the Aria hotel, that way u don't have to go outside.
4	My last 2 years of visits to Las Vegas this has been my go-to place to stay for the price, the life style and the crowdYou get a good mix here of younger people, families and older people as well - the casino floor is easy to navigate - not too large but not too small I always seem to win here - so one of the main reason why I like to stay here The pool is great durning summer time - and these guys throw a great pool party on the weekend during the summer season I usually stay in a pretty basic room - I'm in vegas for the fun not for the room so it works out well being center strip. Parking here is usually pretty easy to figure out as well with the multi-tierd parking garage in the back of the hotel. The food court is open at all hours as well - which is a big plus if you are out all night and want something to eat at 3am before bed This really is the place to stay with its location, pricing, and all around offerings -- one thing to note BECOME AND "M LIFE" MEMBER  and get one of the players club cards that work at multiple casinos in the area, take advantage of the room deals and other offerings.
4	Overall, very impressive especially for the price that I paid for the room.  Very quick and prompt checkin.  The strip view was worth the few extra bucks.  The room was very clean and comfy.  Well laid out shops and casino.  The buffet was not as impressive, though. I felt for the price, I was expecting much more.
2	The AAA listing claims that the Monte Carlo has wireless internet. However, this is absolutely not the case. (apparently they only have it in two rooms... And they're 'suites'.) I am a junior in college, taking online classes... With deadlines. Internet is a must for me. I found out that my initial hotel room didn't have it and (after a VERY rude encounter with a front desk woman) was told they would have a new room for me by 12:00 today WITH wireless internet. After going through 3 different concierge people, they finally found a different room for me by 6:30pm.... It was filthy and STILL no internet. Moved to a THIRD room. This one with a shitty view of the roof and heating ducts, and Lo and behold.... STILL no working internet.... What exactly are we paying this $20 "resort fee" for, again?
3	This is not a bad place. The rooms are ok. I've never had a problem with the staff. Always a great rate.Love how there's a Starbucks and subway among other places. You don't always want to sit at a swanky restaurant. Great coffee in the morning...that i loved. If you want beauty and luxury, this is not the place for you. If you want a good rate and a nice/descent place to stay..this is it.
4	Visited Vegas for 2 nights with some old friends in mid-November.  Monte Carlo met our expectations.  It is a good hotel, in a good location with a good casino, good restaurants and good service and offers good rooms for a good price.  Nothing was bad.  Nothing was outstanding.  We did not use the pool area, but it is small, which would be a drawback in the summer.  Overall, Monte Carlo is a good base for a buddies Vegas trip.
1	I do NOT understand how a 4 star hotel in Las Vegas does not provide wifi internet in rooms.  Cheap motels in third world countries provide in room wifi and usually the price is included in the room fee.   Here they charge you 20 dollar per day for wired internet and it's  MANDATORY god knows why.  When we first got here the line up for checking in was so long that I took a nap and still find it being endless.Finally got that done and after agreeing to pay your 20 dollar room charge; you would be disappointed for thinking Ok no wifi and they charge that much the room must be nice or something must be good. Wrong!.  The room looked like they were renovated in the 80s. I would say its spacious but walls are paper thin being able to hear every convo next door makes. Theres an old air con/fan that made screeching noises every 2 minutes so it was useless.  The blankets are paper thin too and I caught a cold during my third nights stay.  The bathtub is so shallow and short that I gave up trying to take a bath in there. (I'm only 5'9") TV has very limited channels compare to what they play on the big screens in their casino. I confronted the staff that I had wifi signal in the room the first night of my stay.  But no more after the first night.  She told me I was "being very lucky" because only the lobby and second floor have the signal. I didn't even wanna argue with her at that point.  It is sad that a 4 star hotel management team told me I was lucky to be able to use a service I paid for everyday. It was clear that they were constructing part of the hotel and maybe rebuilding the wifi. Well people don't charge your guest if the service is not ready.... Overall I had to say this place ruined my first time Vegas experience.  There's plenty of places to go that will provide you free wifi and nicer rooms.Oh yeah gotta add this.  now I'm waiting in line again for over 20 minutes to check out.  My room charge should be 385 dollars and I just discovered that they have charged me twice 385 on my credit card.  Also my friends room charge should be 115 and he was charged 165 dollars.  Complete bs
1	We are still guests here but I had to post a review. The only thing I like about the room is the bed. It seems like a motel room. I don't understand why there is no wifi. I think every hotel should offer wifi, even if it is at a charge. I have to go out of the hotel to Aria to conduct business via my phone. I can't even get the free wifi to work on the first 2 floors like advertised. The hotel itself needs major renovating. It is so dated and the smell is not pleasant. I will say that when checking in, the front desk was helpful. However, we were in a group with 3 different rooms and we asked to be on the same floor which was accommodated. However, upon entering one of the rooms, it was not cleaned yet and so our other guests in our party had to be moved 25 floors up from us. We will not stay here again and would rather stay at the newly updated New York New York or splurge and stay at Aria or Cosmopolitan.
1	I chose to stay at the Monte Carlo because we had a Seminar that was taking place there. First let me say,I do not understand how this place even rated as a supposed 4 star hotel in Las Vegas.When we first got here the line up for checking in was so long that I was embarrassed with my staff. Okay now off to the room. Maybe we can start over. Wrong!.  The room looked like they were renovated in the 80s. I would say its spacious There was an old air con/fan that made terrible noises every 2 minutes so it was useless.  The blankets are paper thin too and I caught a cold during my third nights stay.  The bathtub is so shallow and old and nasty. I didn't even want to complain because I figured they would only move to a different room with the same amenities. I would have rather stayed in a Comfort suites than this place. We were only there for 2 nights so I did not spend much time in my room. The restaurants that were in the hotel and next to it outside were overall good but nothing spectacular. I will definitely not stay here again. I will stay at The Mandalay but I wonder how does this place stay in the M Life group of Hotels.Needless to say I am ready to get out of there on Sunday AM and I'm waiting in line again for over 20 minutes to check out. Sorry Avoid this place!!!
3	I'll make this short and sweet - PROS:- Good location - cab rides to various hotels on the strip were around $10 or less- Starbucks, McDonald's, fastfood in the hotel - Relaxed casino (they advertise $5 Blackjack but there was only one table)- Friendly staff that cares - everyone was really, really nice. I had a package delivered and they sent someone to unlock the business office for me even though it was closed CONS:- NO FREE WI-FI - this ended up being a HUGE pain in the butt, especially when we wanted to look for places to eat on Yelp or look other stuff up! - No mini fridge - the ice machine was also broken on our floor so that ended up being annoying for the drinks we bought  Basically, what you pay is what you get here. I went to Vegas during Thanksgiving weekend with three other girlfriends and it ended up being $99 / person for four nights. Honestly, I wouldn't have minded paying $20 more per night to have wi-fi, mini fridge, etc. But if you want somewhere cheap and convenient, this is it!
3	stayed here for my 23rd birthday weekend. from  nov 19th -nov 23rd. weve stayed here plenty of other times before we like this hotel that is why i decided to stay here for my birthday. the room was nice and room service was very neat and quick to respond. my only issue i always have with monte carlo is at the night of check in i arrived at maybe 12:30 AM "didnt want to drive in the morning and stil lpay for early check in " so we decided to pay for the extra night. we arrive at the front desk not busy at all. go up to the employee to check in ask for single bed and he says they dont have any single beds. really??? out of all the rooms you have here your all booked up for single beds on a wednesday night. so i said that wasnt going to work he offers a suite upgrade for extra $ ofcourse with a single bed i say no. he responds with would you like to talk to my manager i said yes absolutely. he walks away. 10 min go by comes back says " my manager just opened up a room for you" ok sure. so we go to our room and next to our room there was the wall paper hanging off the wall with tape on it. really for a "high end" hotel i didnt expect that they didnt fix it until the weekend hit. it didnt bug me so much but it just looked tacky. besides that the room was great ,beds are comfy, bathroom was clean. i just always seem to have an issue at check in even though im a repeated customer here.
3	Even with construction going on- It's noisy - Went to front desk this am, Thomas very helpful- we got earplugs and a generous credit to eat at a restaurant! Above and beyond exceptional service !
2	This is the 3rd time staying here. We enjoy staying here because it's close to everything plus the staff is always so welcoming. This time though the rooms were clean but they definitely need to start maintenance on them! They are starting to look worn. There was construction right outside, so with all the noise it was distracting and I was woken early! The water drained slow in the shower. I mentioned at check out but the guy who helped us didn't seem to care. He did apologize but there was no genuine tone to it. The bed was not comfy and I think it also has to do with the fact that they really need to update the rooms I wonder how old that mattress was? Sad to say but my stay was mediocre! Monte Carlo come on you  can do better.
3	These folks know how to move people through their establishment. Front counter staff friendly and efficient. Concierge was very helpful and friendly when booking shows and tours. Hotel restaurants were expensive but convenient. The fast food options were useful and inexpensive. Take your pick.  LolWhere we had an issue was with the room itself. We arrived and the first thing we did was check the room for cleanliness. There was body hair in the bed and icky looking white spots all over the bathroom floor so we called the front desk.  They immediately and courteously moved us to another room that was in much better shape although obviously well used. The new room was clean but there were skid marks on the office chair and the lampshades on some of the lights were broken. (see pictures) Our daily housekeeper did a good job of keeping our room clean and well stocked with water and coffee supplies. The in-room coffee maker worked well and made surprisingly good coffee, one cup at a time. The bed was surprisingly comfortable and the pillows fluffy. I usually don't sleep well in hotels but I had no problem sleeping here. I was really pleased with the mattress and pillows. Overall, the hotel is nicely equipped and convenient to the strip. Parking is problematic while construction is underway next door on the new arena. Be aware that while the facility overall is quite nice, the hotel rooms themselves are not in good shape and getting pretty ragged around the edges.
1	Seriously?! There isn't a well placed outlet anywhere in my room and no WiFi?! Are you kidding me?! The shower is awful and there's redneck crap all over the hotel. What a terrible hotel.Edit: I'll be adding more soon.
1	They charged 20 usd for each, already we paid whole amount to expedia.So we did not understand, they said it is just deposit but we understood that it is not. Cheating Monte Carlo, also they did not give the exact room which we reserved, the view was also bad, we were looking at construction area. Thanks for this terrible weekend!
1	Seriously?! There isn't a well placed outlet anywhere in my room and no WiFi?! Are you kidding me?! The shower is awful and there's redneck crap all over the hotel.There's more!Paper thin, tiny shower towels. The water doesn't drain when you take a shower so you have cold water for your feet. The bed messed my back up, so now I have to go to the chiropractor.Then you had the dealer at the craps table. I was standing about 3 to 4 feet back. I had my phone in my hands behind my back. It was unlocked and he tried locking it as he walked by. He was straight faced. No smile like he was joking. Don't you touch my f*cking phone. I have I picture of the guy I'll be reporting to the hotel. He should be happy that I was too tired to chew him out. Screw this place.
2	We loved the monte...great location and we have always had top notch service. We stay here a few times a year and usually have nothing but wonderful things to say and recommend it to our friends and family. That being said this stay was incredibly different after a few hours wait for the room we had to move three different times due to bad oder, uncleanliness and filth. Even the third room had hair, dirt and a leaky faucet in the bathroom but we were too nervous of what we may get next to move again. I have never asked to change rooms in a hotel ever. There was also a room service cart full of half eaten food, not ours, parked outside our room for over 2 days and when I called to ask to see if someone could retrieve the food the front desk attendant snapped that I should call room service to do so it was not her job . For the most part The service and amenities were up to par but it is sad to say we spent the rest of the trip discussing other options for a hotel next time we head to vegas.
3	If you're looking to stay somewhere that's wallet friendly, the Monte Carlo will get the job done. They're clean, they have a casino and pool, just don't expect too many frills!
5	This place is great. The hotel/resort is beautiful and the rooms are roomy, clean and elegant. With regard to the bathtub, it drains nicely.  Very nice rooms. My pillow was too plump for me, but my husband had a nice feather pillow which i might have taken had I known! Just a very nice place so dont let the reviews fool you.  It was perfect!
3	I have to give this place 3 stars I would have given them 5 starts but it just had to be 3. When booking my Appoinment I requested a king size bed. I was going with my wife so we a king would be perfect. When checking in the guy who helped us have us a room with two queen beds and said all other rooms were taken! Mm hello I booked my room 1 month in advance. Yet what was funny is that a couple next to us managed to get a king size bed....I thought they were all taken? Anyways he said he would contact me the next morning so we could switch rooms. Did they call? Nope. I asked for clean towels and it's like I never called. The rooms are nice. The beds are very comfortable although we had to share a queen. I like that they have fast food restaurants. They even have coffee in the rooms for guest and they don't charge you. I just don't like the staff.
2	Ok...so I understand about the construction as they are upgrading the surroundings, but come on.  No WiFi in the rooms above 2,3???  So I am there for work and have to wake up at 6:30am....but they have construction starting at what seemed like 4...augh!!!I go down and ask for a room change and the person at the desk is quick to change me...very nice.  looks at the room I will be staying in and says that this one should work as it is away from the construction and over looks the pool.  I think cool...quiet.  Nope, I am over seeing the lower level of the casino which has all the fans working...augh!!  Oh well at least this room has a good shower head...the other one sucked.What made this stay (8 days) decent was the valet and how they handle themselves...very nice and professional.doubt that I will be back.
2	Hmmm. The room was advertised at $42, the hotel charged $25 extra for "using the amenities", i.e. for nothing. That is 59% higher. Think about it before you book. They are cheating on the price. Where else?No breakfast. No Wi-Fi. Pure and simple, no Wi-Fi. They offer a wired connection, for the said $25. My iPad can't connect over the wire, so I stayed without internet.Construction noise.Rooms are oldish and small, so are the beds.My recommendation is obvious... stay away from Monte Carlo. Las Vegas is too big and gorgeous. Find something new in it!
3	I stayed here the weekend before Christmas so room prices were discounted. The check in was pleasant and the staff  were nice including those who refresh the rooms every day.  Also, the tram was really convenient. I know it is an old hotel and prepared for that.  I have two main issues:  the first is the strong smell of smoke. As soon as you enter the hotel, it just violates the olfactory senses that I could only stay for an hour to gamble there.  I took the tram to Aria to check out their tables and slots every night. My next issue is the wifi (floors 1-3) yet it was included in the hotel amenities charge.  No wifi in floor 30 where we were located.  Also when we checked out, we thought printing the boarding pass was included in the amenities fee but it still asked for a credit card.   The human experience is why I'm giving 3 stars to this hotel. All the staff we encountered were pleasant and helpful. But management should seriously consider the wifi connections being offered and some system for improving the smokiness in the gaming area all through the lobby.
3	Haven't stayed here for couple of years (after the fire sometime ago). We booked this for cheap, with tax n resort fee (we never use the gym and pool, but oh well), came out to like 70 bucks/nite, which was alright considering the X'Mas holiday.So far as good. The ONLY gripe I have..... No WIFI.....the heck? 2015 just around the corner, who still lugs their Lappie and use RJ45?
2	Room is kinda boring and basic. It's just the usual small two queen room with a tv and a restroom. Nothing out of the normal. Other hotel rooms here in Vegas look way more grand than this. There is an open case of Ferero rocher left here and the coffee maker also wasn't cleaned out. Will not be returning.
2	Room was outdated and gross. We will not stay again
3	The Monte Carlo is in a prime spot on the strip. It smelled like suntan lotion on the casino floor, but that's not really their fault. They have ample entertainment and food options from the food court to really expensive Andre restaurants. I really wanted to go into the frozen bar, but we had a Blue Man Group show to attend (which was awesome). We were here on Christmas, and unfortunately for us many of their eating establishments were closed, though we couldn't be upset by it. They had great holiday decorations in the front of the casino facing the strip.All in all, not a bad place, but also indistinguishable from all of the other surrounding casino/hotels next to it.
3	The place was nice and the area it's in is convenient. The rooms are smaller than previous places I've stayed. The shower nozzle was crappy. Felt like the pressure was way to high, felt crappy like a navy ship shower. Our bathroom door had a crack on door handle as if someone kicked it open. The place is okay but not sure I would stay again
1	The worst hotel I have ever stayed. Old facility, irresponsible front desk and rude/lazy maintenance people.Not helpful and lying without any ground.Don't even pick up the phone at the front desk manager level. All they wanna do is keeping u waiting and waiting!Security people is just like fake, requested for new keys, never gave the keys to u. The disaster happened twice per nite! Horrible horrible Definitely not gonna stay here any more and forever! Horrible place and 120% not recommend or u'll regret ur decision
1	Poor service is what you can expect from the Monte Carlo hotel from beginning to end. After being in a plane for several hours you get to stand in a line for about 15 minutes before you get to check in. It wasn't that I came in at a bad time because every time I passed by the front desk, the line to get in was about the same length. When I finally got to the front of the line & checked in I asked for a wake-up call, but the check in desk told I had to use the phone in my room to set it up. I don't know about you, but, I do not like my first experience with a hotel being someone saying "it's not my job."On my second night, I needed a pen to fill out rental-return form for the car I rented. Every hotel I have ever stayed at has always put a pen or two in the room--not the Monte Carlo. I looked everywhere in that room & I found not one pen.During my entire stay, the cleaning staff did not replace the soap in my room once. On the third day, they even took the bath soap I had been using out of the room but did not replace it. I had to catch a one of the cleaning ladies in another room to get another bar of soap to last for the rest of my stay.I did not need it, but the hotel only has Wi-Fi on the first two floors. Although the check in desk is open 24 hours, the concierge desk is not. If you problem in your room after it closed & you want to talk to a hotel representative in person, you would be out of luck--unless you want to wait through the check in line & have them tell you it's not their job. I have stayed in hotels in the middle of nowhere, where the town closes down at 8.p.m. but the hotel had Wi-Fi & a 24 hour concierge.I am telling all my friends not just to stay away from the Monte Carlo but also all the MGM hotels on the strip.
3	Been staying here for 2 days now. It's a nice place but I won't be staying here ever again here's why. It's so noisy! I can hear everything my neighbors do. Conversations, TV, general movement and bathroom activities. I'm not picky and I know you don't come to Vegas to hang out in your room but it's annoying to come back after being out all day to hear a strangers conversation through your wall. I want a room that I can recharge and relax. So Monte Carlo does not fulfill that for me.
1	I am currently a guest here.  My husband, and I , and our 2 young children always stay at the Luxor but we decided to come here so that it would be closer to the strip and I heard it was a better hotel. I was seriously lied to. We frequent Vegas approximately every 6-8 weeks and I am shocked at this hotel called Monte Carlo. From being the first one in line to check in....only to wait 10 minutes because all of the female check in clerks were staring at their computer screens and not acknowledging our existence. Thankfully two men at the end noticed me and my young family and waved me down to them. Funny how management just walked behind these ladies and did not care to ask us how we were doing or if we had been helped.  Seriously though.....10 minutes to close up the last customers....or were they staring at Facebook or Tinder? Either way, i waited. Then comes today. We asked the nice bell staff if the hot tub was open because my children and I would love to relax in it. We waited and waited and waited, for approx 7 minutes, to hear back the big answer of YES. Seems like the ppor bell staff was waiting forever to hear back from a pool attendant.  So we went to our room, dressed in our swimsuits....only to be told by a front desk agent that it is $10.00 per guest to use the hot tub...even if we are paying to stay here. WTF????? I can handle the rude front desk. I can handle the lack of communication from the bell desk from the other areas of the hotel. But to charge a paying guest $10.00 to use a hot tub is stupid. WONT BE BACK. Monte Carlo has the worst reputation for a reason. Well, they are one step ahead of HOOTERS!!!!!!
1	Checked in on Friday, December 26 - Checked out Monday December 29.. I will never ever stay here again.  Our restroom was gross!!! Mildew all around the tub, the wall was falling apart.... Towels that were there were stained with black and to top it off our bathroom sink was clogged!! No point calling to complain was left on hold forever.  I will never stay at this hotel and I would not recommend to any, you would think for being a hotel right on the strip it would be up to date however NOPE!
1	Do not stay here unless you want blood on your sheets PRIOR to checking in. UNACCEPTABLE. WILL NOT PAY THIS MUCH FOR A "6 star hotel."
4	I've been here before, and I'm back again.  Absolutely no complaints with this casino and hotel.  They are quick to get you checked in and going, and their checkout is so painless (you can do it by phone if you have the reception, or even at the quick checkout kiosks in the lobby).  The room was clean, the beds were comfy... absolutely no complaints.  They also have quick access to Vdara/Aria and are a quick hop skip and a jump to visit the other hotels on the strip.  Despite it being a chilly end of December/early January we were able to hotel hop starting at Monte Carlo to go to Caesars and stopped by the Bellagio on the way.PS there is only free wifi on the first and second floor.  Wish it was everywhere.  Phone service is spotty, you'll get enough for calls, but not great for data (2-3 bars max).
5	awesome place to stay! great customer service, Thank you Kimberly Trevino at guest seevices foe making it a great experiwnce!
4	Had a great 4 night stay.Pros:Quick check in and friendly staff.Nice updated roomsClean roomsGood viewsLOCATION Great selection of restaurantsCons:Mushy pillowsLow water pressure in shower.Hard to get a drink in the casino.Based on service, rooms, price, and location I'd absolutely stay again.
4	I must say this place was amazing! I loved it stayed in the so suit. The room was amazing had a problem with the bed the base was broken took about 2hrs to get them to change it but after that the maid came in and left the room spotless again and that made up for it. She was really sweet I believe her name was Maria. Was up in 25th floor had the view of hotel aria vedera it was better then the back side. I would must diff stay there again. Hopefully get a higher floor and better view but overall diff love this place really clean rooms and hotel. I rate it 4 stars only because of the bed took a long time to get it and after a 4/half drive I wanted to rest up before the night.
2	We originally reserved a room at MGM Grand and got bumped to the Monte Carlo. The first room they gave me had pubic hair all over toilet, so they moved me to another room. The second room had hair all over the pillows so they had the maid come and change sheets. Both rooms were old and with very little upkeep. The chair in our room was so nasty we didn't even sit on it. The coffee maker was missing parts. No wifi. They had a iPod/iPhone dock for the first generation iPhones. No hair dryer. We were very unhappy with out stay. The hotel is run down and needs a complete renovation. I would never stay here again.
2	First time in the Monte Carlo resort , don't really like it theirs no wifi the rooms are not that great
3	This hotel is kinda like bud light, taste great less filling. Or rather, nice location, nice rooms and easy on the wallet. (as far as being on the strip goes). I found a deal on US Airways.com for 6 nights plus airfare for around $800 per person flying from DC. This was a really great bargain. It sits on the south end of the strip closer to the airport.We came during Christmas week and they hotel interior was decked out with trees and bulbs. The check in line seemed to move pretty fast. It took less than 15 minutes to reach the front desk. We were given a room with a view of the strip, so I felt pretty excited about that.However, we got to our room and we hit a snag. The room was not cleaned. I was a little outraged. I called the front desk and they quickly reprogrammed our cards to another room. We didn't have to go all the way back down. The new room was okay, it had two queen sized beds. Then next day they gave us the option to move to a room with a king sized bed (which we accepted). The rooms were nice but basic. No microwave oven or refrigerator. Basic toiletries. 40 inch flat screen tv, dresser, small table with two chairs and a desk. No wifi, but they have an LAN cable to connect to your laptop for internet. I unfortunately did not bring a laptop.They have a food court at the casino level with subway, sbarro, mcdonalds, a chinese carryout, mexican restaurant and a cheese steak joint. Here is where you can get the hotel wifi. The food court is also right next to the tunnel of shops that lead to the Aria hotel. They also have a few sit down restaurants that are more costly.They have an outdoor pool, but it was apparently closed at the time, but I was able to go to the Aria hotel next door and use their pool by just flashing my room key. Their pool is outdoors but heated and they have 3 giant hot tubs to ease into as well. The casino was pretty typical. Lots of different slots, table games like poker, blackjack, craps and roulette. The Blue Man group performs here. We received a couple of tickets along with our package from US Airways. It was nice to just go from our room straight to the theater to see them.Though not as popular or "snazzy" as a lot of the other hotel options on the strip, it's "low key" and cheaper price still puts you on the strip where you can just walk to everything.
