3	Super fun place to go spend the day with some friends just to do something different for a day. Definitely a good place to take the kids and let them go burn themselves out. Only problem is the lack of airflow in there. Do not go on a hot day
5	When you think of Las Vegas you usually don't think of jumping on trampolines and falling on yo butt. However, I'm glad we tried something different, because this made for one of the highlights of my trip. You pay a relatively good price for the amount of time spent. We all got the hour for $15 dollars through the online store listed on here. A lot cheaper than back home.Upon arriving we had to fill out forms and waivers, which is why they tell you to arrive half hour before your reserved time. Then we waited in line, and were helped by this nice dude. Then, this other lady who seemed like she was the head honcho started bossing him around and was a bit rude and rough around the edges to us. Gee, don't need to be so mean about it. Then we were finally given our tags with our time slot on it, along with these bright orange socks that felt like they had stickies on the bottom... for a quick moment I felt like a gecko. After packing all of our stuff into a locker (be sure to bring quarters), we explored around. There was a basketball slam dunk portion, as well as a foam pit, extra big trampoline section, and a dodgeball arena.The basketball arena section had two lanes. One of the lanes had a smaller basketball hoop for those who were on the shorter side. The other lane had a much taller one. The only thing was that though there were two lanes,  you only could go one at a time. In my mind I thought I would be able to slam dunk it, but alas I failed miserably and missed the hoop completely.The next one we tried was the foam pit. There were four lanes on this one, but only two people could go at a time. There was a trampoline right before you jumped in, so this was a perfect opportunity to try a front flip. Or so I thought... I ran up to the trampoline and tried my best to do what I've seen gymnasts do on the TV do.  My front flip turned into an awkward side cannon ball.  I also ended up pretty far away from the starting point, which made it pretty hard to make it back through the foam pit of doom. My friends made it back pretty fast, but it took me kind of a while as I tried to wade through the those foam blocks. It made for great laughs till the point our stomachs were sore. A sock off, abs sore, and some sweat later, what do you know? I was finally out of that pit. Haha!!We finally went to the giant trampolines and we found a spot where all 5 of us could jump.  We weren't that fancy or brave enough to try to do what the other little kids were doing, which were back flips and things of the like. I attempted though, but at most got an A for effort. The last thing that we did was play dodgeball, we, the girls sat one out as I was upstairs on the parent section taking pictures of the guys dominate other people at dodgeball. It was 3 minutes per game and things got pretty competitive, but it was all in good fun. They guys must have played at least 6 games since the same people kept on challenging them. Intense.Then like Cinderella, the clock striked our time and the guy working there was quick to tell us that our time there was up. Too much fun, a great workout in a pretty new place. Made for great memories and lots of laughs.
5	Went with my 2 year old, awesome time! It was super clean!! I liked that they told us what area to stick in so she didn't get smashed by the bigger kids. We jumped our little selfs silly. It was a blast.
1	Not the right place for active parents. You aren't even allowed to hold your toddlers hand without a 16 year old employee barking orders. If you are the only person in the foam pit you still have to get out and wait in line to jump again. Worst experience and rude employees.
4	Came here with my boyfriend this past weekend and had a blast. $15 for an hour each with socks provided. Hahaha, it was very amusing watching him do cartwheels. The foam pit was such a MISSION to climb out, omg. I was sweating everytime I jumped in.My boyfriend had such a blast playing dodgeball.The place is very air-conditioned and the staff is really friendly.
2	My 12 and 13 year old sons had a blast playing dodge ball and simply bouncing around.. It's a terrific work out for everyone.. However, this establishment was far less than accommodating to toddlers.. My 20 month old had to pay the same entry fee as everyone else and was only allow to jump in a tiny 4ft x 4ft area! She was not permitted to really experience the facility and the staff could really use some serious customer service training.. The was a couple of empty space they could have easily opened up to accommodate the smaller children and the certainly had the manpower too -- but they had only two spaces open with about 30 people in each area jumping all around..  When I questioned their policies -- a manager told me to return on Friday mornings when they had their "toddler time.." --
2	The new Sky Zone is a much-needed upgrade from the old facility, but at such a cost to consumers. Location is more central to Las Vegas residents, so luckily it'll be easier to drive traffic in. A one-hour open jump session costs $15, though. That's nearly double what I used to pay ($8/hr) when I started going to the old Sky Zone (then called SkyMania) in 2004. Sure, you get an included pair of their newly-patented "SkySocks" with your purchase, but I miss the days when they either let you go barefoot or wear your own shoes. Pricing for SkyRobics has increased dramatically, too. First visit used to be $3, now it has more than doubled in price to $7.50. That price alone makes it harder to get friends and family to come try it out for the first time. Visits after your first used to be $6; now they're $15. Their 10-class punchcard used to be $40; now it's $120. Unlike my previous reference to their prices from nearly ten years ago, these prices have changed within the last year - seemingly overnight, as they moved from the Steptoe location to the Dean Martin facility.Next up are their restrictions. These aren't all that new, since they used to enforce them quite a lot at the old location, but they've always been a thorn in my side when visiting. I understand the safety aspect of it when they're watching over newbies, but if someone with the necessary skills has signed the death waiver releasing all liability from the company, why not let them do some double/consecutive flips? They don't even allow double flips into the Foam Zone, which essentially has a very minimal risk of injury, even when landing on your head. You can't even do a single flip on the SkySlam court, which makes it much less desirable to go on - I can't even live out my dream of being a SlamBall pro! =PIn my opinion, there has to be a better way to track this. Maybe have a tiered skillset classification, where newbies use the orange jump-time stickers, but skilled jumpers receive green stickers. Your system profile determines which one prints out of the computer, and it only gets updated at your request and the approval of a SkyZone employee who has witnessed and verified that you are, in fact, capable of more than just one flip at a time. Untrained people can be paralyzed by trying a single flip and landing in the wrong position, but that reasoning doesn't stop Sky Zone from letting patrons do single flips. Why set the restriction level at double/consecutive flips, then?Overall, I'm glad the location is closer to home, and I won't have to drive as far, but Sky Zone shouldn't have raised their prices as much as they did, especially since they can support a higher volume of customers at their new location. With all the courts they have now, they should also be able to set one aside for big-kid tricks like double and consecutive flips, without restriction. As a final note, I can at least reflect positively on the dodgeball courts. Games are quick and exhausting, providing a great workout. They separate the games into age groups, so the younger kids won't have to worry about being pushed around by the adults/teenagers.
2	This place is great unless you actually want to play with your kids . . . Nope that's not allowed.  They have separate areas for kids and adults so you can watch your kid play with other kids or go play with adults.  Mind blown since the whole reason I'm going is to have some family fun time Together!Pros:Nice and clean facilityWater fountains so you don't have to buy bottled waterVariety of activities: Jump at the basketball hoop, dive into a sea of foam, large room of trampolines and bounce classes for workout available, dodge ball rooms, and gymnastic areas Coupon friendly: Livingsocial, groupon, and online coupons for print and mobile users are easily foundCons: Not recommended for active parents who want to bounce with their kidsConclusion: I will be driving across town to Flip Out and enjoying my afternoon in a parent friendly area with the munchkin.
1	Terrible service, we came here with high hopes and turns out,,, after we paid and jumped for maybe 5 minutes we were told that we had to "have a shirt on".. My friend was wearing a crop top, with barely 2" of stomach showing with pants... We reanalyzed the waiver where it said nothing about appearance, then we're told it was "part of the policy" by CECE,, which it was not. Warning, if your an adult and want to have a good time, do not come here!
4	I love this new location - clean and fun.  It is great exercise.  Try jumping into the pit and getting out - that is a workout in itself.  I bring my kids and we all have fun!  My one wish is that I could bounce with my girls instead of being separated but I understand the reasons.  Bottom Line:  Great Exercise! Fun! Clean! Great! Kids love it and so do I!
2	Parents- at the new location there is no where for you to watch your kid jump or for them to rest nearby. No bleachers like the last location. And you can't sit anywhere near the trampolines, you have to go to a different area. So no where for parents to sit and watch kids, or sit with a tired kid while the other jumps. too pricey for the frustration.
4	The facility is pretty top notch but the help/service here falls a bit short. Twice I've been here and there have been between 4 and 6 employees behind the front desk doing absolutely nothing. A few glancing up at the long line and just continued to stand around.
1	Was very disappointed. I took my two toddlers 3 and 4 to spend some time with them and do something fun. This is not the place to go to do that. I felt like the staff was  standing over me the whole time and telling me what I couldn't do. I thought this place was were we come and have a good time. Look, I understand that there is a lot of liability to have a place like this, but if You don't let parents have fun with their kids nobody will come back. I have been to other Skyzones and never felt this way. I will not be attending this one again.
1	I want to preface this by saying I am never one to complain unless fully warranted. This place is horrible if you want to come with your kids. I am here right now with my 2yr old and had to take time to write this... Even though it's $50 just to walk through the door with family of just three...Every second I am getting harassed. You are segregated here so don't think you are allowed to jump WITH your kid. Even if they are crying you can't walk into the "kids" area to even pick them up. Best part there are LITERALLY zero other people here but us... So even though the place is empty with NOONE ELSE on the trampolines with us we can't be near our 2yr old. Even if we are just standing near her while she jumps. This place really truly needs to get their act together and start using common sense. I have never been more disappointed...seriously... THE WORST PLACE FOR FAMILIES !!!! DO NOT MAKE THE MISTAKE OF WASTING YOUR MONEY BECAUSE IT COSTS A LOT AND YOU WILL BE VERY VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED WHEN YOU REALIZE HOW NON FAMILY FRIENDLY THIS PLACE IS..... PLEASE TAKE MY ADVICE !!!
4	1,000X's better than the old location!!!  Wow...impressed!!
4	Such a great place for kids. If I didn't have a neck injury, I would be jumping too. Huge tramps. Lots of activities. Expensive if you have three kids so make sure to get groupon or dinelv deals. Not a great place for parents to sit and wait. At the tramp place near our home, they have a room for parents with live feed from all the tramps and many TVS and couches. It's awesome.
1	This facility was huge compared to Flip n Out, our usual trampoline spot so my family and I were excited to check it out. It was a breeze to fill out the waiver at one of the kiosks. That was the positive.Prices were approximately 60% higher than other places we had been. Understandable I guess considering the size. Cashiers processed our order and after, informed us that adults and children are required to jump in separate trampoline enclosures and all individuals jump by themselves. The employees monitoring each enclosure added a slew of rules. Not only did this interfere with us enjoying this with our children, the total ambience, staff attitude and orange everywhere was reminiscent of a prison. An employee said that these rules were for safety, but that is exactly why there is a required waiver to sign releasing liability.Great facility, but the staff attitude and the rules this place imposes takes away the enjoyment. One and done on this zoo.
4	It was really fun! So many activities! Will definitely come here again. It was a little crowded but what do you expect on a Saturday. Cleanliness was good. Staff was nice. Overall had a good time with the family here!
2	My son loves this place, specially  the dodge ball court. The place is big, nice and clean. Prices are ok. The cons about this place are THE STAFF (other than the ones at the front desk) the need to be trained.. One tells you one thing about where kids and aduls are allowed to jump and is really strict about it, while the next one tells you and do something completley different. It gets really annoying after a while.Plus if you get there early to avoid the crowds the dodge ball court is not open. My friend and I took our kids there couple weeks ago and have to wait for them to open dodge ball when they finally did and the kids where having fun, they make them exit the one court that was open to switch ages to 12 and over, there was NO KIDS 12 and over wating to play, so the court sat empty the whole time we where ther. When we asked the staff memeber here why didn't they allow the younger kids back in she said:"We need to be fair to everyone" YES VERY FARE TO THE INVISIBLE KIDS. totally lame if you ask me.I really hpe they change their ways since is a fun place otherwise.
2	Way too many rules, not as much fun as the old one used to be at all. Kids must be in one area and adults in another. My two kids couldn't play dodgeball together as they are different ages and courts are for age groups ONLY.  Would be great if you booked one of the smaller areas for a group but just to turn up and jump in the quite small main area was way too crowded. Full of rules and I really wish we could have the old one back
5	I like it! I really like it! After seeing that 1,000+ bought a Groupon to this place, I purchased one for me and a friend at $15 each. This will include two-hours jump time for each of us on the main court, Sky Socks, and access to the foam pit and dunk court. We came in on a Sunday morning not really knowing what to expect because neither of us have been here before (not at the old location either). Let's just say my childhood lacked bouncy houses so this was all completely new to me. It wasn't crowded on that Sunday morning so we came in, saw a waiver-signing station, signed our waivers and walked up to the nice gentleman at the counter. We showed him our phones so that he could redeem our Groupons, checked our IDs (have this ready, they love that), gave us giant stickers that said what time our fun ends to place on the front of our shirts, and I paid $2 extra for pink Sky Socks :) (I forgot what cause they were for). Afterwards, he told us where lockers and restrooms are and then to go to the main court where another employee will explain the rules. Easy enough. If you want to use a locker, make sure that you have two quarters on you. If not, there is a change machine right next to the lockers. It's the type where you put your belongings in, keep the "door" open as you insert two quarters, close the door, and turn the key to the right.. Then the key pops right out. Boom! Your own locker. Yes, if you open the locker and then want to close it again then it's another two quarters.Bring your own water! Refreshments and snacks are pretty pricey here. We made our way over to the main court and were promptly spotted by another employee. He asked if it was our first time and quickly explained the rules to us. They do court separation so tykes on the left side and adults/big kids on the right side. One person per trampoline. I know some people were put off by that, but I saw a dad and his little girl abiding by the rules just fine. They met each other in the middle, were on separate trampolines, but still held hands and bounced together. I appreciate the rules set in place so that people don't get too rowdy and possibly get injured or injure others. Anyways, I had a blast! It took me a little while, but after half an hour I experimented with different tricks to see what I could do. Doing a front flip into the foam pit was AWESOME, but man was it difficult trying to get out of it even with the rope provided to assist you. I was highly impressed with the amount of back flips, front flips, and other tricks I don't know the names of done by others. I saw that they also offered fitness classes here and I'm curious how that goes! Can't wait to go back!
4	What a great recreational activity. The rules seem a bit much but other than that, lots of fun. Happy hour from 2pm to 5pm during the week(slightly less expensive rates) Bring quarters for the lockers. =)
3	Limited activities for a toddler & food selection was not all that. The prices for parties ate a little too much. Overall it was good enough for two hours of play .. My 4year old had a great time. Most of the attendants are high school students that were very friendly.
3	When we first arrived, I was thinking $16 for only one hour of play?! That doesn't seem like very good value.  But after about 10 minutes of jumping, there was no way I could make an hour.   This place quickly shows you what kind of shape you are in and with all the eating I do, I am in HORRIBLE shape to stand with all the children here.If you do not like big crowds with kid parties, don't come here or come during a weekday during happy hour.  But they do section off children from adults.  Do not come here if you do not like rules.   You can only jump in your area.  If you've read other reviews adults can't jump with kids so they're separated.We enjoyed the four rooms with different experiences.  There is the main area for regular jumping.  There's a dodge ball area which alternates between children's time and adult time.  This switches every 15 minutes.   There's also 2 basketball goals.  I got no where close to reaching the rim - I'm a little  height challenged and overweight.   The best part was the foam zone.  You jump on a trampoline and jump into a pool of foam.  It took me about 5 minutes, or it seemed, to pull myself up with the rope while a sea of children were teasing, what's taking him so long?!This place isn't cheap but it is alot of fun and it'll bring back nostalgic memories.  I'd come back but when it's less busy.
4	Not a bad place to "jump around" here for a Bday party and the kids are having a blast... So far so good... Just a bit crazy when you first walk in...
3	We had fun jumping, playing dodgeball, basketball, & jumping in foam pit. The building is new and clean. Info you might want to know: we had 6 in our group from 7yrs to adult. At Sky Zone they separate by size, so I was unable to bounce & play with my 2 boys.  Also the employees don't seem happy. They don't smile & only talk to you if you are doing something wrong, no gentle reminders, & they are NO fun.  I think it is over priced too. I wish they would stop moving locations also. Hopefully they will stay at this location. As a family outing I don't think we will come back here. Not worth price & employees are not friendly (just their job).
3	Who knew trampolines can be used as an exercise tool, and a fun one at that?! The nostalgia of jumping in the air, pretending like your going to fly out of this world brought me the itch to come try this place out since I first heard of it! When i saw that Sky zone was incorporated into my Adventure pass (Visiticket.com) I knew it was godsend! Skyzone is about 10 minutes off the strip and parking is no problem. Once you enter you must sign a consent form either written or on their iPad. After that you wait in line and you give them a bit more information and you will be handed a pair of socks that you can either toss or keep after use. They also give you a sticker with the time your allowed to be in the facility. With Visiticket we were given 2 hrs but we really only stay an hour tops! Call me old, but trust after jumping around, i promised your head will spin! So there is a dodge ball tournament courts, which were unfortunately not opened when we went. A basketball area where you can try to dunk like Blake, and also a baby basketball hoop for the kids. They have sky zone people watching out for any injuries or just making sure people don't jump on one another. One of the ladies was super thoughtful, i did some silly move and hurt myself a bit and she automatically ran to me and asked if i needed ice. My favorite part of this park was the pile of block like cushion, you pretty much jump from your trampoline and into the pile. Once you jump in its a MAJOR work out just to pull yourself out of it. They have ropes to save people from drowning into the quick sand of blocks!
1	If you enjoy playing and spending time with your child, this is not the place for you. I went there with my kids on a Monday night, while it was not busy at all, and we were told we had to jump by ourselves in separate areas. I told them the main reason I came was to spend time with my kids, and they told me that wasn't allowed. I spoke to the manager who still said I had to go jump by myself since I was an adult. I asked for my money back which was granted to me, but I was still mad. The old sky zone was great, and so much fun. It was much smaller than this one, but yet they at least let you play with your own children. I'm never going back to this Sky Zone. I will be checking out Flip Out next time because I heard you're still aloud to see your children there.
2	I came here twice one for my nephews party and once on a Friday night. The first time we enjoyed it with my 2 year old son it was slow and they had one area to jump so we were allowed to jump next to him. On the 2nd trip it was very busy. I like the fact they had separate areas by age but in the toddler area they didnt let me or my nephews with him. So of course i paid for a whole hour and he didnt jump and no refund was given. It was late and no toddlers were eve. In there and still they wouldnt let me be by my sons side. Wont be back until he is old enough to jump by himself
1	This new skyzone is 50% bigger 50% safer and 100% less fun. What a joke, you pay and for any reason dodgeball can and most likely won't be available. We sign waivers and pay for time, your not supposed to tune everything down to take as much of my time to listen to your workers talk ,upsale ,and preach safety. All horse play or any fun has been banned with great prejudice ,so without dodge ball this place is boring. Jumping in place on one trampoline is a great workout for 16 bucks, if you're between 2-9 or over 40 you'll enjoy this place. I'm guessing  it's probably not your thing.
1	Can I give zero stars!!!?? I am so mad I was robbed here! This is the worst supposed to be place for a family! I came here with my boyfriend and our two boys, 7 and 11, today. I have to say I was really excited when I first walked in bc it looked so cool. I hadn't been to sky zone since the old location and many years ago! Well right away It was $52 for 4 of us to jump for 30 min! Holy cow! I did get half off my birthday kids fee which was nice, but still outrageous!! Flip n Out is way cheaper and for an hour! And the kicker was the stickers were started for the time before I even left the counter! By the time we got situated it was already almost 10min into our 30min time! Well I could totally overlook the sticker shock for a good time with my family, but nope, you cant do anything as a family here! Can't jump or play dodgeball with your kids bc they separate you by age and height. But wait that's just the start of the most ridiculous rules ever! I understand safety is a concern, and shoot I should've read the reviews first and saved my money bc that seems to be this places only excuse to the horrible experience everyone has! You can't run, race, wrestle, jump in the same square as anyone else, only one person pretty much for everything and dodgeball not with your kids, by the way only one dodgeball was even open. So the time was split up every 15min so missed out on that pretty much! So pretty much if you want to just jump by yourself this MIGHT be the place for you! You really could just buy your own trampoline and get the same experience! But if you want to have fun with your family DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME!!! Safety is cool and all, but come on already this is why we have so many crybabies nowadays! it's not that serious and gosh with so many rules you can't have any fun and that's just sad!
4	Kids that work there are MEAN!!! (Well just this one today) Picture posted. OVERALL a NICE TIME. GO EARLY! easy in and out location. Nice that the socks ARE INCLUDED IN THE PRICE.
2	Tried it again today- so hot in there! It doesn't seem to be air conditioned, there are large fans but they are blowing hot air around. Very uncomfortable and my kids couldn't jump for their overpriced hour due to the heat.
1	NOT THE BEST EXPERIENCE!!!So my boyfriend and I decided try out this place because it seemed to be the only type of place that had trampolines and was near our location. My boyfriend wanted to get his flips back after injuring his ankle and this place didn't do him well. I just wanted to go for the "fun" of it. "FUN". Here's how it went...We first got in there and needed to register on the computer to identify who we were. We did just that and it should have went smoothly, but it didn't. We went to the guy who was in the front desk and he said that we had to re-register because our information didn't go through. Not only were we the only ones who had to do that, but the family in front of us had to do it too. And I'm sure the people behind us did too. So we re-registered and whether it went through or not, the front desk guy basically just let us go through because he said that it was happening all day and he seemed pretty annoyed. (It was kind of him to let us go through though.) So on and so forth, we had to wear these grip-socks that, in my opinion, did nothing to me. I have gone to other trampoline places and it was not required to wear socks. The socks were uncomfortable and made my feet awkwardly sweaty.We finally get to the open trampoline area where adults and kids can go jump, but all the adults had to be on one side and all the kids had to be on the other. This made it crowded and uncomfortable to jump around or even have "fun". My boyfriend was in that area majority of the time and there was even a time where it was just us and a couple of adults would walk in and there were no kids, but they still had all the adults on one side. What if there was an adult who was with a kid and the adult wanted/needed to be on the kid side with the kid? Are they just gonna separate the two?Anyways, the size and space of the trampolines were so small. They were so small that when people were jumping in the next square next to me, I swear I was going to kick them in the face. The trampolines were way too bouncy where my boyfriend was jumping 7 to 8 feet in the air and that is really dangerous. No, he did not mean to jump that high at all, it was just how the trampolines were designed I guess. My boyfriend couldn't even practice what he originally wanted to go there for. Furthermore, there was a little tv screen that said no flipping over the pads... What the heck? The trampoline is so small! In order for a person to know how to do a flip in that tiny space is someone who knows how to flip already. Many people come to these trampoline places to learn how to do flips and such, so to say that you can't flip over the pads, well make the trampolines bigger or something then!Temperature? It was so hot in there. Good thing they had those big fans blowing right in my face or it would have been a smelly sauna. Speaking of which, while in the open trampoline area, I was always literally jumping next to or near the fan because of the heat and my boyfriend would be jumping in the square next to me or so and we were there for majority of the time. But I think because we were there majority of the time, it made the trampoline supervisors stare down at us and our every move. They kept giving us dirty looks and the vibe that was given towards us was as if they wanted us to leave. That feeling started to get to me, so I pulled my boyfriend aside and told him how I felt. No surprise, he felt the same way. But we just went on our way and kept jumping. Literally 2 minutes later, my boyfriend and I just happen to be jumping together on one trampoline and the lady who was watching us immediately told us to separate. That was the last straw. I looked at the time and we still had 15 minutes left, but we just left.Not to mention, it wasn't only the people who was working there that gave us such a bad and unwelcoming vibe, but even the people who went there to jump. So rude and all up in our trampoline space/area.By the way, this happened about an hour ago... I don't think we are ever gonna come here again.Thanks!
3	My kids had fun but I wish I would of got to play with them kids on one side adults on the other it maybe make a Family side
1	Never going back! For a place that's meant to be fun, they sure tried to make it as hard as possible to achieve that goal! It was hard to keep track of all the rules... I felt like I couldn't go 5 minutes without being chastised for something by the staff. We went for a birthday party and the party itself was fine. The bounce time was not. I couldn't help my 20 month old bounce, I had to keep him in a certain small area, I could even bounce next to my 5 year old because the adults had to bounce on the other side of the room. I understand there are safety precautions, but it seems they take things too far. After all, we did sign waivers. We went to a party at flip n out a few months ago and liked it way better. I wouldn't recommend this place, unless you liked getting yelled at.
4	I like the place, best for the winter though. It's clean and the trampolines are nice. The dodgeball is really good and the service was good. We had a birthday party here and they let us bring in water and chips, but we had to buy there food (pizza).My one gripe was the heat. This is Vegas people, no excuse for bad AC. It was like 80 degrees in there (and I wasn't even jumping on the trampolines). I think winter would be a good time here. Thankfully we brought ice and a lot of water. Overall it is a good spot.
3	We had a good time here but its WAY TO EXPENSIVE. Its $13 for 30 minutes or $16 for an hour. That's more than a movie ticket and at least a movie lasts about 2 hours. The first time our lock didnt work and we had to tell them it took about 10 minutes before they got it to work wasting our time. Then i got in trouble for having gum when the employee had gum. HmmmThe basketball hoops they had are lame. It should be a large trampoline where adults or kids can play basketball together. Theyre very strict on the rules of who can bounce where and phones. Its a bit too much. Went again today, a monday, there was almost no one and they were very strict monitoring us. It also was still full price. They should offer discounts. We werent even allowed to play dodgeball since it was too slow. Seems silly. Skyzone should offer discounted days like flip n out. And should change some other things. Still had fun though.
2	There are plenty of things to do and a great amount of space. However, administration at Sky Zone could take note of the fact that they would have the opportunity to receive 5 stars if their staff Dramatically Improved their attitude and demeanor. The staff, for the overwhelming most part, are disrespectful, rude, and unhelpful to the kids and jumpers, as well as parents.
5	I put  5 stars because its SOO fun! But there was this mom that yelled at me because i got a kid out ... In dodgeball .Thats the point of the game. Its not like he was little, he was my exact age!  I felt bad for the manager & workers because she was yelling at them. For know reason.
4	This place is amazing! The foam pit is so much fun. I love playing the basketball trampoline version.  I don't really like the dodgeball to much because it kind of gets out of hand. I do and don't like how they sectioned off the main trampoline for free jump.  Its done by height!?!?  I am a teen and I am short for my age. I really wanted to jump with my dad (we went together) but I couldn't because I was just under the height to jump on the adult side. I mean come on really they wouldn't let me. I was like two inches under the height limit.  I guess its good though so small kids won't get trampled by adults. Over all a very fun experiance.  Also the place is fully air conditioned! That is for sure a plus. There is also a nice seating area for parents and others who need to take a break or don't want to jump. If you get hungry there is a snack bar and they have lots of good snacks to choose from. I would totally reccomend going. Also the staff is very nice and very good with kids.
5	Luv the fact you can do waiver on their computer and no paper waist My kids had a blast , but after going string for 1/2 he they totally slowed down .....  I think the foam blocks was their favorite... Dodge ball was fun too!!!FYI they do divide by height and age... Make sure they drink plenty of water...... Kids without a bought had a blast!!!!
2	The angry grinch guy with the glasses pretty much annoyed us the whole time we were there. If you work at a place with children be happy! Don't ruin an experience for people who are paying to have fun.
5	Clean, fun, staff if friendly and helpful. Came with the kids 5-6pm on a Thursday and hardly any crowd. Loved not having to wait for the kids to jump on anything.
5	Came on Saturday for The special $20 for 2 hours16 year olds and upTwo pieces if pizza1 drinkThe pizza is originally $2.50 eachDrinks are $3.502 hours of jump is originally $26So if you originally were going to do all that. Then its so worth itI had a blast. They opened volleyball which was the best time!I like to wear a heart rate transmitter during. In 2 hours and 26 minutes I burned 915 calories (obviously wasnt jumping for 2.5 hours straight) Great excersise. A lot of fun.
5	My kids love this place, and if it isn't busy I do too. If you are going to go on weekend call ahead and see what birthday party schedule looks like.we went early enough that is was pretty quiet.
5	This place is great. I had my sons Birthday Party there and they took care of everything. Got us checked in, organized all the kids, cut the cake, served us, etc. Made the day really easy and enjoyable. I could actually watch my son have fun and not have to worry about the other things.
4	Who isn't a completely happy soul while springing off a trampoline---safely---with surround netting, padding or foam?! Although, I can do without trampoline dodge ball...I've never enjoyed being pelted by a ball, but if that's you're thing, this is the place to be. There is a snack and Jamba juice bar if you work up an appetite. It can get pretty busy on weekends and Friday nights, but fun nonetheless....a fun place to spring, jump, and tumble to your heart's content!
1	It's interesting that we have to sign a waiver but can't jump together as a family. We have a 2,4,5 and 12 year old, I recommend flip and out!
5	I'm always there every Sat playing sky jam with fellow friends and making new friends as well. Be prepared to get hit in the face if you play dodgeball
3	My kid is attending a party here. I've not been here before. It's ok. Most of these joints are pretty much the same. But, that have a sign that states No outside food or beverages permitted" This is irritating. Since there isn't much for parents to do, other than graze. Im sitting on the floor of this upper level deck area, because downstairs is packed. Why the floor? There's 2 benches, bolted to the floor, that's it. So to watch my kid I have to stand for two hours  or sit the ground.  The lack of decent food choices annoys me. An Icee is corn syrup & water frozen. That shouldn't be 4.00 and I don't care about machine rentals and all that crap it's just gouging outright. The pizza looks plastic as it sits in its warming case, and the mini Sabras hummus, the one decent tiny snack option is 3.00 and oh they're out.  They do have Jamba juice smoothies, but that's not food.  All in all, ok for a kid party. Stock your purse with decent  cheaper munchies.
1	This place is a total bummer. Brought my little sisters and friends here to jump and hang out. Turns out there are rules that are size segregated. Which left my little sister alone jumping with people she doesn't know. She got upset within the 5 minutes of jumping & I knew the rules weren't going to change and got my money back. Quite disappointing.
