3	I'm torn between 2 and 3 stars on this one.  We tried this new Mina spot last night with high hopes.  Unfortunately, it was really nothing special.  After reading the previous post I was very much looking forward to dining here and I was excited to try the fried pickles but at 8:30 they were already sold out.  Our server recommended the lobster corn dogs so we gave them a shot.  He also recommended the crab cakes and the tuna starter.  The tuna poke was great quality and well prepared but we were not crazy about the lobster dogs or the crab cake.  I asked the server what kind of crab it would be and he said lump crab meat.  I asked what kind of crab and he didn't seem to know.  He agreed when I suggested 'blue crab?' I'm not sure what it was but it it didn't seem like lump blue crab meat.  For our sides we tried the mac and cheese, mushrooms, and corn on the cob.  The corn was the winner. Entrees: fish and chips- the fish looked great but it covered the fries completely in the basket and created a steaming effect that made the fries soggy. Also, the fish and or batter didn't seem to be salted or seasoned at all which was a bummer.Seared tuna- slightly over cooked but tastyTurkey burger- good, not amazing- but good, especially if you like spicy.If you want a hip sportsl bar environment with average bar food Pub 1842 is a good spot but if you are a foodie expecting a little extra from Michael Mina I would suggest trying one of his other restaurants or give this one some time to work out the kinks before you visit.
4	While the experience wasn't perfect, the staff made up for it. Sara was a great waitress and very friendly. The salmon was very tasty. The frickles were okay. The double dog dare was very good. Love the overhead music. The restaurant is still dealing with being a new restaurant but definitely an enjoyable experience.
4	Another great addition to Las Vegas in the refined bar food scene. Michael Mina is probably known more for his fine dining but that is why I tried it out. The Menu is easy to navigate and fun but uses high end ingredients which is really nice to see in a pub setting. Four of us had a ton to eat and drink and enjoyed it all for the place only being open a couple of days.Food:- Fried Pickles was a great starter and had some mustard inside that was amazing- Green Chile Stew was awesome- Double Dog Dare wrapped in bacon and topped with Guac and chicharrones was pretty dope and all 4 of us had two good bites each and enjoyed it (Great dish to share)- Ahi Poke was a super high grade Tuna but under seasoned - Maitake Mushroom Tempura was really good but also under seasoned - Fish and Chips was clearly high quality fish and that makes all the difference- We mentioned to the Chef about the seasoning and he was appreciative and thanked us for bringing it to his attention. I have no doubt this place will keep getting better each week they are open (Seems like that kind of crew)Drinks:- There was a wide selection of beers and we drank them- They has home made Red Hot shots and we absolutely loved those- They also seemed to have a bunch of bourbons and rums that they age themselves in casks and were ridiculously smooth and we drank a bunch of this.Any service issues were easy to understand as they have only been open a few days and the place is already slammed non stop. Such a good time,All in all great place if you are staying in the MGM and by far the best place to go to watch a game or before and after shows at the MGM since it is in that food corridor. I look forward to going back
5	Seablue was one of my favorite spots to dine when coming into town so I was really sad to see it go; however, Pub 1842 is a welcome addition to the spot!!! Michael Mina does it again with his inspiring, fresh and unique menu! He never seems to disappoint. The restaurant decor is beautiful and the staff is spot on like usual. It is so nice to go to a restaurant in which the staff is well educated on the menu and knows what they are talking about. It is frustrating when you go to a restaurant and the wait staff is unable to answer basic questions about the menu. That is definitely not the case here. Our waiter was able to answer all the questions our group had and also give us some of his recommendations. He was extremely knowledgeable, friendly and spot on with his service.  The burgers are phenomenal! I grubbed on the 1842 burger which was packed with flavor and cooked to perfection! The patty was juicy and the mushrooms and truffle aioli puts it over the top- in a good way of course!  I mean who doesn't love truffle? YUM! Other winners were the homemade frickles and 1842 nachos. Living in Texas, I can be quite picky when it comes to fried pickles. Not many places know how to do them right. They have to be the perfect medium of crunchy yet juicy inside. 1842 has it down!!! The special sauce is unreal and gives it just the right blend of sweet and salty. The nachos came out hot and crispy. Often times when you order nachos the chips can get watered  down and soggy from the beans and salsa on top. One of my fav places for nachos on the strip is Margaritaville, but I have to say 1842 gives them a run for their money! They are not as large of a portion, but the twist they put on ordinary nachos is unforgettable and delicious! The moscow mule is very tasty! Another pet peeve I have is when places put too much ginger beer in the moscow mules. This place knows how to mix it just right and they serve the drink how it should be served- copper mugs!! I am excited this place has joined the MGM scene and will definitely be a returning customer when I am in Vegas. I can't wait to try more items each time.PS this place is on the way to the pool so a perfect spot to stop off for Happy Hour after a day at the pool! 1842 is a winner! Michael Mina, you did it again! Bravo!
3	The service here definitely needs some help.  I know they have just opened, but that should prompt the staff to be even more alert.We waited over 10 minutes for a bartender to look at us let alone get a drink order from us.   We ordered the Frickles (fried pickles) which were excellent!!  Love Michael Mina restaurants, so we will definitely go back in hopes that the service issues get corrected.
3	I was very excited to taste Michael Mina's new concept. I went with a group of 4, we were sat in a booth close to the hallway. I am aware that they are doing 1,000 covers a day, so I do know that they are in the weeds all day long and the restaurant is turn and burn. We ordered cocktails, and I took the server's advice and ordered the very first one on the cocktail menu. Bad choice, probably one of the worst cocktails I've had, and I love ginger beer so I was very excited, but ended up with lime water.  We all ordered different appetizers to share, fried pickles, pretzels, nachos, lobster corn dog, duck spring rolls, and green chili. The pickle batter, was disappointingly soggy, and the sauce that is served with it was like straight up mayo, but on the upside the lobster corn dog was very good, it didn't sound too great to me but it tasted awesome, crispy batter, tasty center, good sauce too!! The nachos were good, served on a quarter sheet pan which I thought was pretty cool. The duck spring rolls were a little too greasy, and not such a huge fan of the Mae Ploy kind of sauce. The green chili was good , the only thing with all of the appetizers was the temperature, I'm sure they can't hold too many things under the heat lamps due to space and volume, but it all would have been better if it was a bit hotter. Next, the entrees that we ordered were the chicken, the burger, and a lobster roll, with broccolini and magical mushrooms. the chicken was overcooked, the burger was not too great, the lobster roll was pretty good, nice brioche bun crispy and very filling. The fries that accompanied the roll were exceptionally good, I was full but I could not stop eating them, The broccolini was charred, and the magical mushrooms were inedible, they tasted like someone put a piece of charcoal in your mouth. I'm sure that's not what they were aiming for. The desserts were both great, we had a lemon cake which we cleaned the plate, and the roasted peach & almond buckle, at this point I could hardly breathe, but still had to try dessert, and I was very glad I did, it was all great. On another note, our server was great, she was super nice and knowledgeable about the menu, she stopped by constantly to see that we were doing ok. The reason I would not return was the noise level, I realize that there are a lot of people sitting down, but I felt like I was in a sports stadium I had to plug my ears all through the night, because the table behind us was screaming at the TV. Very annoying to have to put up with when all you wanted to do was enjoy dinner with friends. I'm sure they can't do much to fix that though.
5	Great place to start/end your night off. My friends and I stopped in for a quick bite on our way out and ended up just staying. Lots of TV's with sports, friendly staff, good food, and beer draft tables.  The best part is that all in all everything is fairly priced. We got beers on the casino floors for around 7-8 bucks for a 12oz bottle and in the pub we got 17oz's for the same price. Next time I'm in the MGM I'm definitely stopping in again.
5	Located in the food court area between the MGM and Signature hotel, this place was very good.  My 2 friends had some specialty beer they had there while I ordered a Root Beer.  My waitress (Sara) said they didn't have any, but, she was apparently a root beer fan as well and said she may be able to get some.  In the meantime I order a skirt steak, shrimp cocktail with friends and they had the peanut butter burgers.  The waitress came back with news that the managers had found some root beer for me and brought it over.  They had gotten me a full pitcher from somewhere else to have with my meal which was pretty sweet.  Sara was very nice (and cute) and made sure we were well taken care of.  Sara was sweet and had the humor to "threaten" to drink the rest of the root beer if I didn't finish the pitcher.  Overall, the food was great, service was excellent and would definitely go back again (and even ask for Sara to serve us).
5	Just got back from Vegas and having time to catch up on what I can admit I did there. Stopped by this spot because I saw all the crowd a commotion and me being me I had to see. Glad I did!! Even though it was super busy and apparently brand new they really seemed to have their stuff together. Our server Marissa was on point the whole time and didn't skip a beat with our needs. Food took a bit to get out but hey, I said they were packed. When it got out it was amazing. I had the pb crunch burger and my buddy the turkey burger. He said prob one of the better ones he has had. I mean its Michael Mina so you kinda expect a little high end feel to it and was definitely delivered. Over great and ill be back next trip to Vegas. Hopefully Marissa hasn't moved on by then, very rare to get small city attention and service out there.
4	Ton of beers, great appetizers. Plus Micheal Mina was there while we were. Thought that was pretty cool, considering it was 2pm on a Thursday. Great beer specials, try the Nachos. Seriously.
5	This place is great!  Went for happy hour- great mac and cheese!  Friendly service, interesting menu.
3	Michael Mina's Pub 1842 is in the heart of MGM Grand district -- a long hallway with an odd combination of high end restaurants, shops, and a food court. It took over for Sea Blue, also owned by Mina. The place was loud. Like night club loud. And, it attracts the pool/day club crowd so you'll see plenty of drunk dudes in tank tops.The menu is full of stuff you'll be familiar with. But there's a twist with most, if not all, dishes. An ingredient or two that has been added to those comfort dishes to make them new and exciting. Like peanut butter on a burger or popcorn on a lobster roll. I couldn't pass up the peanut butter crunch burger ($14). The combo was so odd that I had to try it. And, you know what? It works. The peanut butter lightly coats the underside of the top bun. There isn't a lot of it, but there's no mistaking the taste when you take a bite. In combination with the crunchy, salty chips and a perfectly well seasoned beef patty with a crispy char coating, it makes for a great array of flavors and textures that are unexpected yet pleasing. It may not be the best burger I've had, but it was certainly memorable.The other food was decent, but a step down from the burger. The jumbo lump crab cake ($19) was tasty, especially with the garlic basil dressing. The avocado kale caesar ($14) was an unnecessarily large portion that tasted good after the first few bites but was so rich that we left the rest of it untouched. They took what should have been a healthy and light dish and fattened it up needlessly. We ordered a side of chicken ($14) that my kid had for his dinner. The one side dish we got was the mac and cheese ($9). It was as creamy, smokey, and cheesy as we had hoped but what ruined it for us was the broccoli. I'm not a fan of broccoli in mac and cheese and if they had bothered to list that ingredient on the menu I probably would not have ordered it. We didn't stick around for dessert, although those options all sounded delicious. Service was spotty, as can be expected from a newly opened restaurant.They've got a few tables with their own beer taps. Customers can swipe their credit card and pour their own beer. Might be some of the best tables around for drinking and people watching.The menu has plenty of attractive sounding dishes and I'm sure I'll be back eventually, but I know which dishes i won't be ordering again.
1	The worst dining experience I have EVER had. I went to Pub 1842 with a group of 9. Our server was horrible and rude. Once we ordered, I was talking to a friend while the server collected the menus and I didn't notice it, instead of just leaving the menu or waiting for me to realize what he was doing, the server just yanked the menu out from under my arms. It startled me. We ordered our food and some appetizers. After 40 minutes, nothing!! I couldn't track down any employee, so I got up and looked for the manager. The manager was just as rude. I told him this issues, very politely and all he did was nod his head. No sorry, he didn't even utter a word to me. I walked back to the table and our food was FINALLY there. The appetizers came out with our entrees, 2 of the dishes were messed up and one side dish never even came out. And again no apology. I get it, there are bad nights in food services, I was a waitress. All it takes is an acknowledgement that things got messed up. But we got nothing! Our bill came (we waited for it for 20 minutes!!!) and they even charged us an 18% tip for our large party. Again, we brought the manager over to tell him our concerns. The manager still didn't say one word after he heard our complaints, all we got was a head nod. One of my friends piped up and said that we should, at the very least, not pay for the 2 appetizers that we got. The manager nodded his head and I heard him say the first words to us of the night. His response was "Fair enough". Again, no sorry or "I'm sorry you feel that way". Never, ever will I eat here again.
1	Beer selection was just ok. Chicken drum app was good.  Shrimp cocktail looked like it came from a frozen ring you get at the supermarket. When the fried chicken and waffle salad came out undercooked I was so excited that I could send that awful thing back without having to say I was disappointed and the ranch dressing was sour. I wanted to try something new but it was not good. The few pieces of waffles were hard and small like cereal. They offered dessert since I did not want to try anything else. Dessert was ok. They serve mini milkshakes with each one they were good. The pecan dessert was the best. The chocolate cake tasted like old cold store bought cake. They also gave a key lime ripe of cake that they should be embarrassed to serve. I love that type if dessert but it was bad!   Don't waste your time here there are plenty if excellent restaurants on Vegas. I love to find out and this was not cheap and not very good. I was do excited to try a Michael Mina restaurant and now I don't want to try another one. Ill end on a positive note by saying the staff was very friendly and accommodating.
5	Looks can be deceiving. It looks like your run-of-the-mill casino restaurant but they have an extensive bourbon and scotch menu. In fact, the best scotch in the world, Auchentoshan three wood, because it's aged in a bourbon barrel and the best bourbon,  Rowan's Creek because it's aged in a bourbon barrel. Very impressed and the bartender Liz is amazing. Really enjoyed this place. A hidden Vegas gem, the real deal.
4	Oh right, this used to be Sea Blue! We really enjoyed Pub 1842 and would definitely consider going back the next time we're in Vegas. They offer a nice selection of beers, the burgers were delicious, and the fried pickles were an interesting appetizer. Service was friendly enough and they have a bunch of TVs which suited me just fine. My only nitpick were that the fries were lukewarm, but everything else was really good. My wife now wants to check out other Michael Mina establishments so I guess she enjoyed her meal as well!
4	Tons of beer/burger places have opened on the Strip to capitalize on the trend, but this place is easily the best in that category that I have been to.Calling it a burger place kind of sells it short, too, because they have a bunch of other stuff and it all looked great coming out of the (open) kitchen. If this place opened in my neighborhood at home, I would be a regular. I could have hung out here all day, especially at the self-serve draft tables. You kind of forget you're in the MGM Grand.Specifically, though - service still has to get in its groove, and if you don't order the fried pickles you are an idiot.
5	This is Michael Mina's newest restaurant in Las Vegas. I have been to many other Michael restaurants so I thought I knew what to expect but this was different. Michael Mina has officially nailed casual! This place is a lot more low key than his other restaurants but is equally as tasty and refined. Our table ordered a BUNCH of appetizers and shared them. We got:-Shelfish platter-crabcakes-crab deviled eggs-nachos-ahi tuna poke All of it was amazing! I particularly loved the ahi poke. It is similar to his famous tuna tartare but is more casual (if that makes sense?). I would definitely give this place a try.
5	I have 4 words for you...Peanut Butter Crunch BurgerThat is all. Really. Just GO! GO NOW!!! Get that burger and shove it in your face!!!You WILL thank me.You're welcome.
4	Met a friend here Friday , it's just a pub right?  Don't think so. This is ultra hip.I will start with the beers.A well versed blonde girl, beyond cute, Gretal,will guide you through the many taps and let you sample along the way.Now to the menu.I had some poke, lobster corn dogs, and then Gretal mentioned the peanut butter crunch burger with bacon jam, I said it.Drop whatever your doing and go get one.Words simply cannot describe this experience. Sweet little Jennifer showed us the wheel with a variety of infused spirits that we had to do it.Thanks Jennifer!  We even got to say hello to the Chef, Eric, who invited us back for the shakes and cakes.That's going to happen....definitely. Great place, going back with my girl.
3	OK, so after a UFC fight we decided to have a little after fight grub here.  The food was good but I was most excited to try the Moscow Mule (of course).  This drink brought my rating down.  Only because it is served in an original Moscow Mule cup, with Fever tree so there are some high expectations.  Missed the mark.  I ordered a second one...missed the mark.  I wasn't too sure why but there was a ton of crushed ice.  I asked the server to have the bartender either half or just hold the ice altogether.  She did and the third drink was what I know as a Moscow Mule. So ice was the culprit.  Wayyyyyyy toooo much ice.  Anyway, back to the food.  Delicious.  We ordered many appetizers and I got the chili and it was good-good.  So I'm torn.  For now I'll do three stars and next time have them hold the ice.
4	Typical pub food, but slightly fancier because of the name Michael Mina?The portions here are HUGE!!! I would strongly advise having someone to share your entree with, unless you're so hungry you can eat a whole cow. The nachos here do not come on a plate... they give it to you on a whole damn toaster oven sized TRAY that it's baked on! Mmmm... very good but so freaking huge.Fried pickles: they are not sliced pickles; they are whole pickles and come with some magical sauce. Mmmm...**GREAT CRAFT BEER SELECTION**
4	This restaurant was always packed with people since it opened, so I was excited when I got a chance to try out their food. I went with a couple of my friends on a weekend at night during peak hour, so I expected it to be pretty busy. First off, I love love love the atmosphere. I loved the ambiance of the restaurant, and I loved how it mixed the old-traditional pub look with a more modern touch. I also found the little window in to the kitchen area very entertaining. It was a bit loud when we were there but that's because it was a Saturday night, so it was to be expected.The food was great! They were HUGE portions, so I do suggest that you share your food if you typically can't finish things that you order. Most of their food are burgers and fries, but they do have different options like steaks, fish & chips, lobster rolls, etc. Also they have unique touches to their burgers/sandwiches like the peanut butter crunch burger. I got the bacon cheeseburger and it was absolutely amazing. The saltiness of the bacon was nicely balanced with the perfectly seasoned meat patty. It wasn't too salty or too seasoned. I also got the Mac & Cheese as side with my burger, and it was so creamy and delicious! Loved it! Before that we got the stuffed devil's eggs for appetizers. It was light and creamy, but I only wish they gave us more! The dessert was my F.A.V.O.R.I.T.E part. We ordered a chocolate cake and a lemon sponge cake, both were amazing! Each cake, or rather each dessert, came with a little mini milk shake that complimented whatever dessert you got, so the chocolate cake came with a chocolate shake and the lemon sponge cake came with like a light lemon-y shake. I thought that was absolutely cute and unique, and for the price I think it's worth it. (If you're a chocolate or heavy sweet addict like me, I recommend the chocolate cake!) The prices weren't too bad, for a casual restaurant on the strip at a hotel. The price range is from $8 to $47($47 being the highest on the menu). Their burgers & entrees ranged from $15 to $32. The steaks are the most expensive: ranging from $32 to $47, but like I said the portion sizes are huge so you can share. As for the service, it was PERFECT. My friend had a different experience, but I think she just overreacted to things. I mean it was pretty busy when we came, and we were very demanding. We asked for napkins, straws, ranch dressing, separate spoons for desserts, etc. We kept ordering things at different times, but the staff was amazing. They were friendly and got everything we asked for. They were very attentive to our needs. The reason I rated this down a star is because I wished they would've asked me how I wanted my burger. I thought it'd come out rare like it usually does, but it came out medium-rare, so I wished they would've asked me before I ordered it. Also each of my friends had different types of fries, for instance I hand regular french fries, another one of us had potato wedges, another one had something totally different. I wished they would've asked us what kind of fries we wanted or at least indicted what type of fries our entrees came with on the menu. One last thing is that the fish & chips cost like $24, but you only get like 3 pieces of fish & a whole basket full of potatoes, so that was a bit disappointing, but other than that my whole experience was fantastic. This is a great restaurant if you want to hang out with friends, relax, and grab a burger and chill! My recommendations would be to definitely try the desserts and get the Mac & Cheese as a side!
5	Loved it. Great atmosphere,  server, staff, and especially the food!  We had the crab cake appetizer, pulled pork chile verde, and the Double Dog Dare (bacon wrapped, two franks), as well as a tasty IPA they had on tap.  We will definitely stop here again, and plan to visit other Michael Mina establishments in California.
4	We ate here twice over the course of 3 days.  Interesting menu.  Our favorites were the hummus appetizer (it's served with lightly pickled veggies and amazing spiced soft pita) and the crunchy peanut butter/bacon jam burger.Only error was getting the burger cooked to our liking.  We ordered it both days medium well and had to send it back when it came out really bloody.  But they are newly opened so this might get worked out.Only disappointing items were the lobster roll (the one with corn) - the corn overpowered the taste of the lobster.  This made me sad.  I was really looking forward to this one and the Double Dog Dare which was just ok.
5	This place was delicious, but come prepared to eat because the portions might not be huge, but are very filling.We came with a big group and all got burgers. Everything was delicious. We got our burgers medium rare, and they came out perfect. The bun is super soft, the meat is perfectly seasoned and the toppings are delicious. I had half the 1842 burger and 1/2 of the bacon cheeseburger...both were AMAZING. Would definitely come here again. They also have quite the beer selection and if you like (or love..like me) pickles, try their tempura battered pickles. So yummy...the pickle was still crunchy inside, despite being fried.
4	After getting out of a late show we ran across this pub and boy was we surprised! Good Food excellent service what more could you want at midnight? Thanks guys!
3	At first glance 1842 has a nice 'old' pub style to its interior, but upon closer inspection it feels not much better than a glorified Applebee's. There are some neat light fixtures, but lots of hard surfaces, mostly oversized booths and a really odd back bar make this for a strange replacement to the classy interior that was Nobhill. The restaurant is located in the middle of restaurant row and picks up huge crowds from the convention center and MGM Grand Arena, so plan accordingly if you're there during a peak period. I was there on a weekday at noon and was able to get a seat right away, but just 10 minutes later some convention broke for lunch and there was a line out the door. There are way too many items to list on the menu, but many of them sound great. Now that I've gotten a burger out of the way, I'll have to head back for the fried homemade pickles and lobster corn dogs at a minimum.Out of the several burgers they offer, I went with the one that sounded the most interesting, the peanut butter crunch burger with bacon jam and potato chips. Upon first bite I was hit with a fantastic beef and char flavor that instantly brought me back to the Nobhill burger I enjoyed so much, but things changed a bit from there. Don't get me wrong, I really enjoyed this burger but it had some flaws if I'm going to be my nit-picking self. The bun was a bit too thick and dry, which didn't help with a burger that has peanut butter as one of its main toppings. As I said the meat had excellent flavor, was cooked well, but this was not a juicy patty at all. The bacon jam had great flavor, and really paired well with the potato chips even though you can't taste them too well in the mix. Overall this assembly is just naturally not very moist, and loses something for me. The two people I had lunch with both ordered a bacon cheeseburger, and theirs looked so much juicier than mine. I'd love to come back and sample both that one and the 1842 burger in the near future. All of the right flavors are there; I know they can most likely still produce something fantastic.Unfortunately the fries seemed somewhat of the generic frozen variety; they weren't quite as good as before, but had a good rosemary flavor and were cooked well. I really wished for something a little more original when paired with something as odd as a burger with bacon jam, peanut butter and potato chips on it. As for the price, $17 seems way too steep for this burger, with a couple of them at $18 on their menu. I understand that this is a convention centric dining spot, and I get that strategy, but it's still a bit hard to cough up that kind of money for a burger. Plus if you consider that their last restaurant, which was arguably fancier and more intimate served what was possibly a better burger for $15, it makes this a bit more troubling. Regardless, Pub 1842 seems to have quite a good menu, and seems to offer several really good burgers, so if you're at MGM Grand you probably won't find a better offering.
3	Tried the peanutbutter crunch burger. It was very good. Some detracting points on execution: unevenly cooked burger, unevenly spread toppings, and i forgot there was pimento cheese because I couldn't taste it. I ordered a chocolate malt shake and paid $9 for it, but I was never served the accompanying cake that goes with it.  Fix those and it gets another star.
2	It looked like a great place to sit down and have a quick, laid back lunch. Unfortunately, as I should have known... anything Michael Mina is not any of those things.Service was slow, despite coming after the lunch rush around 1pm. Waiter was friendly, but slow about checking up on our table.Ordered the crab cake, which was sad and dry and fairly tasteless. Boyfriend ordered the buffalo drumsticks, which smelled odd and didn't taste great either. They were breaded heavily and were dry!Overall, it just was not a good experience. It was also quite expensive to eat here even though the food was mediocre. I highly advise you eat elsewhere!
4	Went there for drinks after our CSI exhibit, this was a seafood restaurant before, I am glad it's now a Michael Mina casual restaurant and bar. The atmosphere was very casual and relaxing, we sat at the bar, got carded, I asked for a Bloody Mary with extra spicy flavor, bartender made me a very nice one, he blended some onions and pickles to put on top of my drink, it was refreshing and different, he gave me a mini tobacco to add in some extra flavor, wow, one of the best Bloody Mary I have ever had! It was only $10 to my surprise, had a few of those, didn't even bother to try other drinks! Hubby had double shot espresso, he was not in mood for alcohol that afternoon. ;p I see they have good beer selections, samplers, didn't check out food menu, cause we had a big lunch earlier, I was too full to eat more, but I really liked our bar experience, bartenders were very friendly. We had relaxing down times there. Would love to try the food next time!
5	We came here for dinner after it was open 5 days. Michael Mina has never disappointed me with his food selections. We ordered Hot Salted Pretzels, 1842 Burger, Lobster Roll, PB Crunch Burger, Mac & Cheese and Magical Mushrooms. Everything was delicious! My favorites were Lobster Roll and Magical Mushroom. PB Crunch Burger was good but wouldn't order it again with the other options on the menu. Service was great and will be back.
3	Nice atmosphere.Excellent Service.I removed a star due to the food being mediocre. Lots of beer selections and excellent drink specials.  Enjoy!
3	The fried pickles and actually the pickle served with the burgers were awesome so I was really expecting more from the burgers.  My hubby had the bacon cheeseburger and I had the peanut butter one.  The bacon burger had a very strong charcoal/grill taste and mine was just okay, with all the flavors just sort of blending together.  The atmosphere was great however.
5	gastro pub in vegas~
3	I was expecting a lot more from Pub 1842.  I went on a Monday for lunch.  I got right in, and sat in the last booth near the kitchen.  That's fine, since I was alone I don't expect them to give up a prime table for me.  The booth was spacious and comfortable, so that was nice.  I had to wait a bit for a drink order, but after that my water glass was filled very frequently.  I don't know if it got more than halfway empty.  I was trying to decide between the bacon cheeseburger and the lobster roll.  My server advised me to go for the lobster roll, which was $29.  I went with that, and ordered some macaroni and cheese on the side.  I thought I was replacing my French fries (that the lobster roll comes with) by ordering the mac n cheese, but I was brought both.  It was a carb overload, but that's fine, I was able to try more than one dish, but didn't come close to finishing either.The mac n cheese comes with broccoli, which I felt was unnecessary.  I'm all for adding vegetables or other "non-traditional" ingredients to mac n cheese, but the broccoli didn't work for me here.  It was lacking the crusty top that makes many mac n cheeses fantastic.  Also, I would have preferred a sharper cheese flavor.  I had a couple of bites but left most of this dish.  The fries on the other hand were very good, they are thicker, but not quite steak fry thickness.  Very crispy, perfectly fried.  The lobster roll was huge and hot.  It had creamed corn and popcorn on top.  I felt like the popcorn was even more unnecessary to this dish than the broccoli was to the mac n cheese.  When I had bites with popcorn, all I could taste was popcorn.  The bun was fantastic, toasty and buttery.  The filling was warm, so be advised.  But, there certainly was a lot of it and it was good.  I don't think it was $29 good, and I doubt I order it again.It was a cool atmosphere and after the initial waiting period for drinks, the service was solid.  I'll return, but I will order something else next time.
5	Amazing staff. The chef was not only talented, but very accommodating when I substituted my side dish for the salmon entree. The salmon was cooked perfectly. I don't even really like salmon and only order it occasionally, but I am so glad I did. I almost ordered a second salmon just to take home. And here's the kicker: apparently the chef thought the first time it was cooked it was overdone. So he sent out an appetizer (the lettuce wraps with crab - delish!) and his apologies. The manager was gracious and attentive, checking back to make sure when the dish did arrive it was to my liking. I even ordered one of their milkshake-cake desserts. The milkshake was adorable and perfectly sized for the small delicious coconut cake that it accompanied. The cake was a little dry, but not so much that it was ruined. I did mention it to the manager, and she was again very gracious and said she would let the chef know. And the bar? Beautiful. And I mean the staff as well as the ambiance. The essence oils around the bar added a nice effect, and the bar staff was knowledgeable and very friendly. Amanda was a great bartender and seemed to be interacting with her guests well. She made a delicious skinny margarita for me and was a great person to chat with while I sat and enjoyed my meal. They also have those new self-serve beer tap tables where you get an access key from the server and can pour your own drafts at the table. These will be great for football time and I can't wait to reserve my own seat! In a town where celebrity chefs are around every corner, PUB 1842 stands out with it's great bartenders, unpretentious managers, and chefs that truly care about the guest as much as the meal. Can't wait to go back.
5	Great gastropub with a lot of good beers on tap, a diverse menu of delicious food, and excellent and informed waitstaff.  First the precursor: drinks. Even my super picky dad was able to find more interesting-sounding beers on tap that he could consume in one evening.  After deliberating over a few and settling on one to start, our waiter gave him a taste of one of the others he was considering without any prompting - very thoughtful of him.I tried a couple of their specialty cocktails - both were sweeter than I generally prefer but still delicious, and dang, are they strong!  I'm not complaining, but you can't say you weren't warned.  On to the main event: food.We started by ordering the chicken drumsticks - their spin on wings.  They were huge, smothered in a sweet barbecue sauce, and terribly good.  They give you handiwipes so don't be afraid to dig in.My dad had the chili and a wedge salad and seemed pleased.  My mom and I went a little off the wall and split the carne asada taco salad and the beef brisket.  The salad was incredible, and they even separated it into two dishes for us so we didn't have to make a mess of it.  The steak comes out VERY rare, and mine even more than my mom's - it was more than edible and very tender, but if you can't deal with truly red meat, you might want to ask them to cook it a little longer.  I was slightly disappointed with how dry the beef brisket was, but my mom thought it was cooked fine and really enjoyed it, so I think it's just a personal preference thing.  We also got a side of mac & cheese and it was excellent - not so overly cheesy that you feel like you're eating a heart attack, like so many fancy chefs seem to favor, and with a little broccoli mixed in.  We were more than sated so we passed on dessert but they sounded adorable - cake & shake combos. Michael Mina definitely delivers a great dining experience in a casual environment with a classy and tasty take on bar food, while remaining affordable (considering it's in a hotel on the strip).  We'll certainly be back.
4	We heard good things about this place so we wanted to check it out.  We were already fans of Michael Mina and were intrigued to see what he had cooking at this new location.  We had our two kids with us, but one day we'll have to come back for their Value Town - Happy Hour menu.  We were sat immediately by the Hostess and our waiter came by for our drink order and was extremely knowledgeable and friendly.I started with my "what's the best thing on the menu" and he pointed us in the below direction.We started with the Crab Louie Deviled Eggs and the Lobster Corn Dogs.  Both were very good, but slightly heavy apps.  The Lobster Corn Dogs are a MUST try and pairing this with an IPA crushes your taste buds into happiness submission!Looking for a good entree, i was pointed in the direction of the "Peanut Butter Crunch Burger".  My wife ordered the 1842 Burger w/ caramelized onions, mushrooms and truffle aioli.  Her burger was good, mine was better.The bacon jam and crunchy potato chips make the PBCB extremely salty, so if you have an aversion, stay away.  Otherwise, order one up Mid-Rare, grab a beer, and enjoy the Flavor Train!The icing on the cake (knowing the value of a satisfied child) of the meal was the accommodating Chef. My three year old wanted Shrimp.  So the chef made a nice Pasta and Shrimp dish on the fly.  My kid wolfed it down like he was a starving child on a Sally Struthers infomercial and placed another full order.Overall, service was extraordinary, price wasn't too bad, food was great.  Exactly what i expect Chef Mina to produce.
5	This place far exceeded my expectations. Then again I didn't expect much. Nachos are solid pork and chile sauce. Chicken drumsticks! Thanks Mr. Mina it's about time someone stepped up. It's like having buffalo flavor w/orange chicken drumsticks. You only get 4 so don't share. Also I think it's the best fish and chips I've ever had. Well at least fish... Chips are all the same. Great beers and cocktails.
5	During my last trip to Las Vegas I tried out Pub 1842 after a day at the MGM pool.  The whole experience was great!  For food we got some appetizers, the lobster corn dogs, duck spring rolls, and my favorite the 1842 nachos.  The serving sizes were more than enough to feed the 4 of us and the prices are very reasonable for a Las Vegas restaurant.We tried out a couple of cocktails too while we were at the Pub.  The Moscow Mule was done perfectly.  They also make their own version of "Fireball Whiskey" in house.  It had more of the whiskey taste than the sugary Fireball that you buy in the stores. I don't want to leave out the wonderful service that we received.  Our waitress Lindsey was very attentive and a pleasure to have as a server. She made some great recommendations and brought our food and beverages out quickly.Our party loved the experience so much that we returned the following day after our 2nd day at the pool.
5	Okay, here's the deal on this place. Not only is it an amazing pub with great food, beers, drinks, and desserts. It also has some of the best staff of any pub/bar I've been to. My wife and I have been here several times, and we always try to sit at the bar with our favorite bartender Liz. Liz is the best! She knows her beers, understands how to make people feel welcome, and knows how to make some delicious drinks. She'll even make up something new and delicious for you!I always measure the quality of a bar by the people working there, and Liz has definitely made 1842 one of my favorite pubs not just in Vegas, but anywhere! Can't recommend this place highly enough! Get the baked ziti pie! It's delicious!Remember, when you come here, sit at the bat and look for the tall blonde bartender named Liz. She'll give you a great experience!! We love her and basically come back just for her!Good job Pub 1842 on having such awesome staff!!
5	Came here for pre-dinner appetizers!Moscow Mules - Delicious, and delightfully gingery.Duck Spring Rolls -The manager said this was a must, so a must we must have :) I could have eaten about 5 more! Even those who do not like duck....admitted defeat to the tasty spring rolls.Green Chile Verde -Been hunting for this all around town. SO good!1842 Nachos -Too full to try, but I heard, they're the best nacho's someone has had in their life! They also come out in gigantic servings like on a cookie sheet!Coconut Cake -I didn't even get to try this because SOMEONE ate it all and didn't pass it down.
5	I love this place. We've been in Vegas quite a number of times this summer including our wedding, and by FAR, this has been the best gastropub we've set our feet in. 1. Our favorite Bartender: LIZ I love this gal. She was the first person to serve us at the bar when we first visited, and she is AWESOME. She knows everything and anything there is to know about the beers they serve, will make you FANTASTIC cocktails (even come up with something new on the fly based on your mood), offer you just what you're craving, and is sneaky quick about making sure your eating/drink area is clean and pleasant. We easily spend over $100 between the two of us when she's working and keeps us coming back for more. It's nice to have a fav spot to grub and drink where you know the staff makes you feel welcomed.2. The Food.Okay, first off, this is frickin' VEGAS. DUH, everything on the strip is going to be hella expensive. But you know what? For the price point, this place serves, HANDS DOWN, the best food. I put this place down as "good for 'Late Night' and 'Desserts'" because gastropub food only goes so far and if you're expecting "sit-down dinner," this place probably wouldn't cut it. But, if you're out with friends and wanna get some grub before you hit the tables/slots and have a couple beers, this is the place to do it. If you have a party of 4 or more, I recommend sharing the HUGE nacho platter (comes on a frickin' baking sheet) or if you have a small party, get the fried pickles ("frickles!") and an entree to share. The baked ziti is our favorite; between hubby and I, we've ordered it twice within the span of 72hours and it's been awesome every time.3. The AmbianceIt's so relaxing and nice to just be able to come in, sit down, have a beer, get some grub, and zone out watching some sports news. And this pub just gets it right on the money. I have been to many a gastropubs on the strip and I don't quite know what it is that other places don't have. I assume it has something to do with the fact that they have the bar in the center and it really focuses on its forte--being the best beer pub on the street. They also have a dart board and beer pong table in the corner if you're so inclined; for no additional charge (I assume; we weren't charged to play). I also love that EVERYTHING in print (menus, posters, coasters, etc.) at this place is so frickin' beautifully designed. I've gone to many a places where I'm sure they've got some great food, but their menu was soooooo poorly designed it just ruined the whole eating experience for me. 4. The Service.What can I say, this really just reiterates number 1, but I want to make sure the whole restaurant also gets recognition. The food comes piping hot right out of the open kitchen and you can really see the kitchen working it, every moment that it's open. You can really tell the people behind the bar and the kitchen really works as a team. ...Gosh, writing this makes me hungry. Maybe we should get some lunch there. Haven't tried them for lunch yet. Yeah, frickles sound good right about now. Bye guys!
5	We stopped by Pub 1842 mid day for pre-dinner cocktails. The bartenders and manager on staff were great; engaging, perfect with drink recommendations, and quick. We had several cocktails and beers between the four of us and were quite hungry with several hours before dinner reservations. We ordered the soft pretzels with cheese fondue. The cheese has a poached egg in the middle which at first we were a little nervous about, but oh my word! SO GOOD! The cocktails we had were the punch, their take on a manhattan, and an old fashioned. Each one was perfectly balanced. We will certainly be heading back here on our next trip to Vegas for March Madness!!
4	Pretty good place to eat....had the peanut butter burger...interesting...wish it came with some jelly honestly, shake tasting was good just wish it was in bigger quantities.....good place for a quick bite
5	Stopped here on a whim after walking the strip for hours with the plan to get a snack but ended up eating.  OMG, the food was fantastic!!  Sat at the bar, unsure what we were going to do.  Our bartender was very patient and helpful when ordering food and drinks.  He took time to explain a few things ahead of time so we could make educated choices.  For drinks, my husband had a beer and I had Hattori Hanzo, a Japanese whisky infused with vanilla.  it was strong but very nice to sip, not at all sweet.  First we split their California Greens that came with White Balsamic.  The dressing was the perfect blend of vinegar, citrus and sweet.  Then we split an 1842 burger, which had caramelized onions and mushrooms... one of the best ever!  I like simple burgers without all the fixings so as to showcase the meat.  The sweet of the onions and earthiness of the mushrooms... my mouth is watering thinking of it. Such a surprise but the best unplanned meal on our 5 day trip!  I would love to have one of these pubs nearby!!
4	Wife and I are big Mina fans.  Food and drink amazing.  Our server sadly gave us poor service.  The night prior we ate at American Fish amazing service.
5	Great beer, great food, but the best was the little hostess Stacia (?) and the waitress Sara.  Both of these young ladies displayed excellent customer service skills, were quite personable and made you feel like family! Without a doubt I will visit your establishment again! Thank you Stacia and Sara!!
4	Going through my receipts from our MGM Las Vegas stay 9/8-9/11...looks as if we made an appearance here at least once a day.  We ate/drank at the bar each time.  They are hustling behind that bar...busy, busy, but not too busy to be nice.  Our server the first two times was Amanda.  She kept a good eye on us and gave great service. Our third time two different guys waited on us, our receipt says "Bill" - they were great.   I like that they have hooks to hang your purse on at the bar.  My husband liked the multiple televisions with sports on (although his Packers lost...boo!).   He also liked their beer selection. They are happy to put your drink in plastic cup to go if you have to be headed somewhere else.   When I think pub food, I think heavy, greasy, and fried...(nothing against that, but we were there for an event and wanted our evening clothes to fit when we put them on).  We ordered the Crab Louis deviled eggs on 2 different days.  They are delicious and served on little bib lettuce leaves.  They put the eggs on a little bit of the stuffing so that they don't slide around.  That little bit of egg, wrapped up in the bib lettuce, was a nice little bonus.  We shared a wedge salad and had them add steak ($12 extra). The salad was really good.  The big chunks of bacon were to die for!  I asked if they made a BLT w/ that bacon - our server said only on Sunday and Monday brunch - so we had missed out.  A must-try next time.  We ordered a lobster roll to share the next time.  I always thought a lobster roll was on a roll or a hoagie type bread.  This came on toasted, sandwich type bread.  It was really good, just not what I pictured.  They had it split in two for us since they knew we were sharing.  They are attentive on making sure each person has their own plate when sharing, and also attentive making sure there were napkins (cloth) and silverware as needed.  This was a fun place to hang out and I would definitely go back.
2	Bad experience. Specially with the totally uninterested crew. Both the kitchen staff and the waiter. Arriving around 2030 there was a waiting list for 15 minutes. No problem. We put our name down and (upon suggestion from the hostess) tried to have a drink at the bar. But....the bar was crowd and it seemed not to be possible to get attention to order a drink. Probably we looked a little bit desorientated because one of the waiters asked me whether I was looking for the restrooms. No....looking for a place to wait for our table, preferebly with a drink. He appointed us a table and send a waitress over to take our orders So far, so good.Ordering dinner also went well. Big selection of beer and (pub)food. But considering it's pubfood, pricy. (Minus one star.) Our party decided to share two appetizers (drumsticks and duck spring rolls) and to go with the hamburgers and a salad as a main course.First of all: everything arrived at the same time. Hardly fitting the table. Nobody seemed to find that strange. (Minus the second start.) The waiter (very obligatory) asked if everything was good. I answered that we were very dissappointed that every thing was served at the same time. He only nodded and said 'Yeah, that's a bit strange, but I don't know either why THEY did that'. Sorry, I don't like it when staff is blaming each other and is not interested in the guests or in solving the problem. He just walked of. And that was the third star I deducted.Portion are huge, but I rather have a smaller portion, better prices, a little bit more quality and definetly a much much better staff. More interested in the guests. Both the waiters and the kitchen. There someone could also have noticed that it's strange to serve appetizers and main courses, all hot dishes at the same time. I think the waiter wanted us out in a hurry to get the table free for the next fools. And the big portions only leads to high bills and a lot of waist (think about our planet......).Drumsticks and springrolls we're good, hamburgers also. The greek salad was very dissappointing. Dry and salt lamb meatballs, too much dressing, too soon poured over the greens so they were weak. I shalln't deducte an extra star for the poor salad because the MGM deserves an extra star because this (although we had a bad experience) is much better than the former fish restaurant that occupied the spot for years.(Note: I'm no native speaker so excuse all grammar and spelling errors).
2	Waiter was very nice - hence the 2 stars. The menu does not list all the main ingredients of your dish so beware. The music is so incredibly loud that you cannot carry a conversation without shouting. The food was only so so. The beer selection, while large, is disappointing. We would not go back.
5	This place is awesome.  Everything you want in a pub during Monday Night Football.  Cute waitresses, beer and cocktail specials, beer taps at the table, tasty food selection and lots of great Belgian beer.  Hey, since going to Belgium over the summer, I really crave this stuff.  Cool spot.
5	Love this new Michael Mina restaurant. I did not care for it when it was Sea Blue, but this new pub style restaurant is really great. The atmosphere is great and staff is super friendly and quick even on busy fight nights
2	Nice enough place and good food but never saw the server after the food came...all of our party had empty drink glasses for over 10mins.  Automatic gratuity for a party of five?  Also, I expect to get raked over the coals in Vegas but charge $20 for a burger and it doesn't include cheese?  Laughable...and a pretty extensive tap list but only one IPA?  Burger bar smokes this place.
5	Delicious falafel burger
2	The burgers are not very good. The buns have a terrible texture, way too fluffy. The neat was bland and the toppings were nothing special. The deviled eggs were tasty though.
1	Let me first start off by saying that we are huge Michael Mina fans. We were absolutely in love with Sea Blue (every year we looked forward to a Las Vegas trip simply because of Sea Blue - The Chilean Sea Bass dish... when your lady friend is obsessed with a certain dish, you know it's THAT good!).Michael Mina also owned Knobhill Tavern... had one of the best meals of my life there 2 years ago. I remember we even ordered seconds on a full belly. YUM!Unfortunately Sea Blue has now been replaced with Pub 1842. We were extremely excited to try this pub, and even made reservations months before. But, that's pretty much where the excitement wore off; This place was one of the worst dining experiences we've all had, not just in Vegas.First off, the table taps looked pretty sweet, but right out of the gate they were out of Weihenstephaner.For starters we went with some Homemade Frickles, Hot Salted Pretzels with 'Merican beer cheese, poached egg, and an order of Duck Spring Rolls.Our Frickles were extremely bland and no one wanted to finish them. At least they were hot, as our order of Pretzels and Spring Rolls were cold. After we sent them back, we didn't get a poached egg in the cheese when they returned with a new one. Since they were kind of hot, well, lukewarm I'd say, we just shrugged it off. The Spring Rolls were bland as well, but that was only the beginning.For our main entrees, not one person out of the group of six enjoyed theirs.The Wedge Salad featured huge, undercooked, fatty bacon that ended up lining the edges of the bowl. Even a waitress was hard pressed not to notice.The Mac & Cheese was bland and had too much black truffle. When I was younger I use to think, 'How can you screw up a Mac & Cheese?' but in my years I've grown to know that it's the simple dishes that are hard to execute and easy to muck up. Even in a group of 6, we barely ate half of it, and left the rest.After seeing the bacon that accompanied the Wedge salad, we were quite scared at what The Smoked Bacon Burgers would look like. Both of them came out extremely rare after they were ordered as medium rare. Another send back. Fries? Just ok. Lukewarm at best.The Heritage Turkey Burger had so much lettuce on it while The Smoked Bacon Burgers had so little, we all joked that the Turkey Burger ran off with their lettuce. Half of the Turkey Burger was left. Doggie Bag? Ya, right.As it stands, we left the best for last: Magical Mushrooms. The faces each of us made after trying a bite of these was priceless. The Mushrooms had a really foul after taste and almost tasted of burnt meat. Obviously they were extremely overcooked, and it was hard to pinpoint the angle Pub 1842 was going for these. I would have been much happier with some awesome salted, buttery, and fresh herb mushrooms rather than whatever these 'Magical' Mushrooms were put out to be. They were so bad that we had to tell the waitress of how foul they tasted. No joke, all six of us spit them up into our napkins. A sight to behold.Even our pickles were past their expirations and just plain uneatable.Our waitress was super nice, but her attitude completely changed after we sent back some of the items. Since we were in a group of six and had to catch the hockey game after (FROZEN FURY!), we really tried our hardest to stomach most of the dishes since we wouldn't have time to eat anything else before the drop of the puck.Once the time came for the check, the waitress dropped it on the table and literally ran the other direction without making eye contact or saying a word. It was quite clear that she wanted to move on past this experience with a blind eye. I have to admit, so did we.What started out really bad, ended even worse. We all hated the food so much that you couldn't convince any of us to come back, even for a free meal.
1	Really disappointed with the food and service, so mediocre and I expect more from this chef. Seems he sold out. Non memorable hamburgers and chicken. Pretzel appetizer tasted store bought. Mushrooms had a terrible lingering taste I could not put my finger on, like they had been smoked for days on end. Ordered 4 appetiers, 3 came out really cold. Corn on the cob was cold and uninspired. Sad day for us Mina fans. Food lacked flavor and appropriate seasoning. Pickle garnish was wilted and warm and looked too old to be on the plate
1	I'm blown away that people give this place high marks!Service: Just like many others have noted, it's terrible.  The waitress rarely came around and she wasn't friendly.  We came back a second time to watch NFL on a Sunday morning since they have a lot of screens.  They didn't have our game on (even though it was available to them) and they refused to change any of the screens - even though there were plenty of empty seats and plenty of screens left unwatched by current customers.Food: Somewhat decent but very overpriced. The lobster corn dogs sounded interesting but were a joke.  You get three small ones and they're nothing special.  The nachos were on a fairly large platter - but also nothing special.  We ordered ours with pork and we noticed only a couple pieces.Beer: For a place that uses beer as a selling point, they really fail.  First of all, their beer is listed on the menu from "lightest to darkest" which is a complete joke if you know anything about beer.  No mention of beer style or hops... just darkness.  So dumb.  It's clear they know nothing about beer.  They had a couple decent options so I was at least able to drink something.I couldn't have been more underwhelmed.
3	Came here for lunch and was not overly impressed.  My boyfriend and I each had a beer, shared a couple appetizers and one entree and spent about $90.  The food was a great twist on pub food and our waitress was awesome but the price was just too much for what were we ordered. Had it not been so overpriced I would have given it 4 or even 5 stars. The BBQ platter was really good and definitely enough good to share.  The fried pickles and the sauce they came came were delicious as well. If you are looking to grab a quick and inexpensive place to eat then this is not the place for you.  If you are okay spending almost $100 on lunch then go for it!
5	I'm really not into kissing Michael Mina's bootay as we have an RN74 in Seattle and though I've only been there once...I wasn't that impressed with the food. The service, however, was exceptional. So let's talk about Pub 1842. I went there this past week and just as with RN74, the service was outstanding. I'm truly surprised to read reviews blasting the waitstaff, as my experience was quite the opposite. We were attended to in a very timely fashion by folks who really seemed to care about the customers' experience. As for the food - outstanding. It will probably sound silly to rave about a salad in Las Vegas, but the Avocado Kale Caesar is nothing short of amazing. More chefs need to incorporate artichoke chips into their dishes. I ordered the Peanut Butter Crunch burger and it was just as fun as you might imagine based on the menu description. the peanut butter isn't oozing all over the place, but when you get that money bite...well, it's money. What else can I say?! OH - excellent fries and cocktails! I think I've covered everything.
3	This would have easily been 4 stars, maybe 5 if it wasn't for the waitress (Lindsey M). She was great for the first 10 minutes or so until a group of guys came in from a conference and then we didn't see her until she brought the bill. All we saw of her after that was her flirting, talking to the guys and bringing them everything quickly when they ordered. Food runners brought us everything after that. We never got asked if we wanted another drink, we were never checked on when the apps or main meal came. After we were done and just sitting, waiting, with empty water and drink glasses we were asked if we wanted dessert. At this point we just wanted to leave, we got the check and went somewhere else to have a couple more drinks. The drinks were great, frickles and deviled eggs were awesome (wish the frickles were chips, they were a little difficult to eat as the batter comes off when you slice them), the PB crunch burger was very good and lastly, the double dog dare was good BUT, tough to eat. It REALLY needs a top bun so you can pick it up. An open faced hot dog wrapped in bacon is a PITA to eat with a knife and fork. The taste was perfect though
4	ATMOSPHERE: 4 STars-Open concept, with center bar and back visible kitchen and crew.  We sat at the bar, great crowd and 'mood' in this place. SERVICE: 4 Stars- Fast, friendly, funny.  We had one main guy with another joining in when needed.  All the guys kept a good eye on the bar making sure everyone had good service.FOOD: 0 Stars -Many dishes 'caught my eye' but we had eaten before hitting the bar.  I will definitely go back and have some of those yummy looking choices.DRINKS: 4 Stars- My guy had many choices of beer 'dark' on tap and the bartender was quick to give samples, so he could pick his fav.PRICE: 3 Stars (someday...Vegas will have bargains...Nah.. don't think so... cause we keep paying these prices )  two wines, two beers, a delicious mixed drink (Spanish Harlem) and a side of chips and salsa (non-menu) and no hesitation to provide my request...$75I was happy, this was a good night and I think it will be a 'good find' for this local to return to.
4	It's pub food and pretty tasty pub food at that. Oh, and they make a mean margarita too.  We kicked off our meal with the soft pretzels that come with a side of "beer cheese" with a poached egg in the middle. The pretzels were nice and warm and you can really taste the beer in the cheese. The egg made no sense and I avoided it like the plague.  I also reached for and bit into what I thought was fried zucchini, only to discover it was a fried pickle. Once I got over my initial surprise, I really liked it!  For dinner, I ordered the Champ burger, which was big, juicy, and messy. It was really good, and I don't know what it was ... maybe the fourth margarita, but I just got tired of eating. May I add, the bun was super soft, if you care about that. Good fries too. Very attentive service and left full and happy. What more can you ask for?
5	Best burger I have had in 25 years of life. I'm serious. Me and my bf walked by this place and decided to try it and holy sh*t wow the burgers are so freakin amazing. Our server Rick was awesome as well!!
1	meh... the food was not as great as what the reviews rave about. perhaps because i ordered a steak taco salad and it tasted like they smoosh 1million taco shells into it.. meh! the salad dressing tasted like ass. ASS i tell you. and it was pretty pricey. meh!
2	Food here was OK, but the service was AWFUL. We waited a full hour from when we arrived until our first drink order came, then didn't get a food order in for half an hour. I recommend any other place at MGM instead.
4	I should make a meme that says, "I don't usually eat beef burgers, but when I do, it's a $24 beef burger!" cuz it's a true story. I just think if I'm paying that much, I'm less likely to be eating pink slime. Either that, or I'm paying assloads for pink slime. Shudder at the thought. Pub 1842's peanut butter crunch burger is damn tasty, the PB being more savory than peanut buttery. The bacon jam & potato chips just make this thing. I ordered it well-done & it came to my table rare. They'd halved the burger for bf & I to share & he dug right in to the pink (nasty, nasty thoughts.) Five minutes later, I had a completely cooked patty & the grubbin' began. Fries portion: unnecessarily over-generous. Add shrimp cocktail at $18 & a $4 diet coke & booyaw, brokey status! That's Vegas for you, baby! Sweet blonde waitress. Cool beers on tap right at your table (which I recommended to my beer connoisseur buddy...he complained it was $22 of mostly foam in his pitcher. My bad.)
4	spent sunday funday here yesterday... gotta say I'm throwing 4 stars out there for the sole reason that they decided to put beer taps ON THE TABLE.   What a flippin great idea!   I am always fighting the boys to go to Lagasses, but this place 1842 was a bunch of fun.
1	The waiter was horrible. He didn't order my steak! Not a fan.
3	Great sports bar to nurse a hangover. It has multiple TVsThe BLT was a disappointment but the drink "The Meaty" was awesome. It was a meaty bloody mary. The fresh pork rinds were also perfect.Yes i ate a lot of bacon on the day i went to this establishment.  OINKOINK
4	My review is based on their soft opening night which was extremely busy and only their 2nd night in operation.The ambiance was great. It's casual, inviting, but very nice and classy. The atmosphere is very lively - a place you would go with a big group of friends.I ordered 2 drinks from the bar - first was the Soda Popinski. It is their take on the Moscow Mule. This drink was amazing. I would actually go back just for this drink. It was light, refreshing and delicious. I think the second drink was called the Aviation (or something similar) and it was a gin cocktail with Creme de Violette and a maraschino cherry. This drink was also very good. Both drinks looked great and well presented.The food overall was just above average. The presentation was fabulous on all food items but the flavor was not up to Michael Mina's highest standards. The nachos were eh... How can you mess up nachos? The deviled eggs were great though there were only three pieces and I ate 2 so the rest of the table was shit out of luck. The poke was pretty good. I felt like it could use more flavor and there were only 5 shrimp chips. It should definitely come with more! The crab cake was good. There was a lot of crab in there which is good but it wasn't anything spectacular!For the entree I had the salmon done medium well. Again, this was just okay.  Lacking flavor a little. The wasabi mashed potatoes were good.This is a beautiful space with great servers and great drinks. It was their opening night so that may have been why the food was a little off. I will definitely come back and give them another chance. I do want to try the lobster corn dog!!!
2	The food was delicious but the service is very slow and the servers were not comfortable describing the menu items or very attentive in general. We ate here two times recently mid afternoon meals and even giving them some slack for being newly opened, we would hesitate to be back. Work your bugs out and then open your doors, especially at these prices.
3	Great upscale sports bar that provides a large selection of beers on tap and some great barbecue food to pair all those beers with. We had the nachos for an appetizers which came on a big baking sheet, I like the use of pots and pans to serve food. For entrees I went with the Pulled Pork, Brisket, and Spare Rib Platter with a side of Kale Slaw. The kale salad was good but my wife's not a fan of mayo in cole slaw. The spare ribs were a little tough, they didn't fall off the bone like I was expecting. The pulled pork was good but probably no different than Chipolte's Pulled Pork. The brisket was a little dry but the biscuit that came on the side was my favorite. My wife had the burger Medium Well which is a terrible way to eat a burger but that was really tasty and moist so they did well there.My biggest beef would be that the bar seating is what they use for their dining guest. Correct me if I'm wrong but most table within the bar area are first come first serve and not part of the dining room. As you can imagine it's pretty noisy and you have people standing around next to you as you try and have a date with your significant other. All in all the prices I thought were high for what you get, but all of Vegas is over priced so I have to keep that in mind.
5	Decided to try the peanut butter crunch burger and was surprised by how delicious it was! Who would have ever thought!
5	I walked through the door of this establishment and was promptly buttf***ed Good salad though.
5	9 times out of 10 I stay at MGM and am so glad this place is now here.I was fortunate enough to get a LARGE sampling of what they had to offer late one night.  Apps, burgers, desserts, and drinks -they were all awesome.  This place is definitely worth checking out- even if you're not staying at MGM.  Chefs and bartenders are a class act.  So stop reading and do what you came here to do- eat,drink, and drink more!
3	Came back and was disappointed that they have not really improved. Service was still severely lacking. When we showed up there was no hostess at the desk, so we waited... and waited. And the bartenders are not top flight here. At one point a barback asked me what I was drinking, so I told him. It was some craft brew, and it was so obvious that he had no idea what I was talking about, so he just said I think we're all out and walked away. Straight walked away. But the food is a redeeming quality. Maybe if I sit at a table next time I'll have a better experience.
4	This is a great bar while waiting for a concert.  We slipped down a few frosty adult libations and had a wonderful bite to eat.  Fully charged off to the Buffett concert we went.They have these unique tables with built in beer taps that caught my eye.  Interesting until I read they were over a hundred an hour.  Not for me and my wife, but my friends and I might give it a try. Also they carry PBR, was as good as I remember from my youth.
2	Went here twice and last night would be a 3 stars over 2 but service was horrible today . Last night stopped by for a drink before dinner and met a great bartender can't remember his name but he was great. We decided we would try to them for lunch. Came in and asked for a table we were sat in an empty section and told because we wanted lunch we needed to wait  15 min for that to start. No problem but from there seems like we were forgotten about many times after placing our order. The food was good got the ribs but the kale slaw and beans weren't my fave. I just feel if I am paying a lot of money for food the service needs to be up to par and it wasn't.  Too bad the good bartender from the night before wasn't there.
4	I think it's hard to rate a pub like this 5 stars.  But it certainly met my expectations.The theme is pub food but with an upscale twist.We came here for a relatively quiet weekday lunch.  I tried the signature peanut crunch burger and was pleasantly surprised.  There was a lot more food than I could finish ... So good if you like a hearty meal.Service was good, but that was easy at the time we visited.It's a very accessible restaurant with just a touch of uniqueness.  Come here knowing what you are going to get and prepare to be a bit surprised by the quality and ingredients.  But for more adventurous and upscale dining, you'll need to go elsewhere.
5	I was out on a special occasion and decided to choose Michael Mina Pub 1842 for dinner that night.I had an amazing time and it was a great experience.Everything went perfect from start to finish.I was told about this restaurant and had great expectations going in and all of those expectations were fulfilled.My waitress was Marissa. She took such great care of us. She really took the whole experience over the top.She was polite, friendly, out going and always made sure we were happy customers. Ask for Marissa if you want the BEST service and guest experience at the Pub.It was great and when I come back again, i'm definitely asking for her.The atmosphere, the food, and the whole experience that night exceeded was perfect.
4	Asian Chopped Salad, Brisket, Burger, and everything that we ordered including the fried pickles were delicious! I'd definitely come back here to try something new. Our waiter was very helpful and gave us a lot of insight on what to order and what's in what. He came back often to check up on us which was really nice. The price is decent, not cheap but not expensive either. A lot of tvs to watch your sports game and a huge bar area.
4	This is my 3rd time here in 2 weeks time. The food is so yummy! Best fried shrooms I have ever had anywhere. The food is 5 star. I give 4 stars because nothing on the cocktail list catches my fancy and I am not a beer drinker. If I was a beer drinker then I probably would give them 5 stars.I've had the Greek salad- Very flavorful with awesome lamb meat ballsFried mushrooms with scallion sauce- So addictive it was embarrassing how fast I ate them.1842 Hamburger- I am officially voting this as the best burger on the strip.Duck Spring rolls- Wrap them in the lettuce for extra flavor. They are so good!Kale Caesar- Surprisingly goodI will be a regular.
4	Great place to hang with friends and enjoy a meal. Lots of TV monitors so you can watch your favorite game. Not many beers on tap but a decent selection.The food is very good! One friend ordered nachos and I have to say they were a unique, flavorful take on this traditional bar favorite. We also had their Homemade Frickles (fried pickles) and they were good too.I had the Green Chili - Heritage Pork and liked it a lot. Good flavor and not too salty. Some places seem to use salt as their main ingredient for soups and chili, not here!The price is pretty steep for bar food. But you're going to have a great food experience in a nice atmosphere, so the trade off is probably worth it.
4	Oh thank god we stumbled upon this place in the midst of $40-per-plate restaurants. I had an excellent burger cooked perfectly plus you can get a steak there or other random things like spring rolls or lobster corn dogs. My friend had the fish tacos and there were three of them and on full-sized corn tortillas - not the smaller ones like you would expect. Good casual kick-back food at $15-$30, much less than most of the restaurants in this area of the casino.
4	Great setting.   Lots of tvs.  Good beers and some creative cocktails.   Try the nacho libre If you like tequila drinks.   Great place to catch a Monday night game if you can get a seat at the bar...   But I'm sure you could see the tvs from any table there.   Our bartender was awesome.   Never got her name though... Short skinny brunette.   Prices are reasonable.   Happy Hour pricing is great. Food was solid.
4	my boss told me about this place. MAN! probably the best burger i have ever had , PEANUT BUTTER CRUNCH BURGER!!!! plus my girlfriend had the 1842 burger. we were in burger heaven. oh!? we also had the duck spring rolls too.. yummy!!!!this will be one of my spots when i come to sincity....
2	We had dinner for 4 before a show at MGM. Very disappointed after everything I've read.It's a pub.The "champ" burger was blah. The ribs were blah. The lobster corn dog app was blah.Service was alright.Really overpriced and not that good.
4	My husband got pretty drunk playing blackjack, we came here to get some food in his stomach and some alcohol in mine (slot machines don't get you nearly as many free drinks). I had their Jungle Juice, WOW! It has a punch, but tastes amazing! I was so sad they ran out of it after two glasses. (We were there pretty late) My husband had the best nachos ever! I am really not crazy about pork, but these were just amazing. They were more then enough for the two of us. I got a wedge salad which was also delicious, but it is hard to fall in love with a salad when you are also eating nachos.
3	Try to make it to happy hour before six pm. $6 wines (instead of 16) and cocktails (instead of $12) with $4 beers. 1842 Burger was good. Mushrooms were nicely sauteed. Nachos: other than a claim to fame for being utterly ginormous, the toppings were all mushed together with indistinguishable elements. I scraped most of it off and just ate the chips with the melted cheese. my bf enjoyed them a lot more though, and thought they were sloppy goodness. definitely prepare to share this between 3-4 people.
5	Hands down the best turkey burger I've ever had.  Great vibe. What some college football at a burger and the staff chatted and were very attentive. Food came out fast and it was delicious.
3	Had lunch here with the wife while we waited for friends to arrive at MGM Grand.  This time, we split the BBQ "everything" plate.  This comes with beans, kale slaw, roasted squash, 4 ribs, a good amount of pulled pork, and some brisket.  The sides didn't do much for us, I thought the kale slaw was the best of the bunch.  But the meats were all fantastic.  The brisket had good bark on it and was juicy.  The ribs were tender but still adhered to the bone, which is exactly how I like them.  The sauce was sweeter than I usually like, but it worked.  Also, it had a little bit of spice to it.  This is a massive platter at $32, I think sharing is a great option.  I would definitely order this again, not ready to bump 1842 up a star, but it's getting closer to 4 stars certainly.
3	Let's see... Stopped in for happy hour prior to the Justin Timberlake concert at the Grand Garden. The place wasn't terribly busy. My girlfriends and I took seats at the bar.Happy hour drink menu is decent. Cocktails and wine are included, as well as $3 drafts. I selected a drink that is pretty much a Moscow Mule with a fancy-fied name for a gastropub. I got a pinot noir in at the very end of the HH, it was decent, a fairly run of the mill California varietal.Food is not included on the HH menu. O well. I was starving. Ordered the Double Dare Dog for $19. *facepalm* Well what can you expect? I shelled out twenty bucks for two hotdogs, wrapped in bacon, topped with guacamole, salsa (pico de galloesque) and Chicharrones. Came with unimpressive Luke warm fries. Hot dog WAS good. Flavors were playful, different. What you would expect from a gastropub. FYI: I had a serious tummy ache later... I think it was just too rich for my system.Service was laaaah-AME! We were ignored at the bar by the bartender on numerous occasions. My drink sat empty without being asked for a new one. Bartender seemed uninterested... That is until we waved her down. Ambiance is.... Fancy sports bar with expensive bar food. You must get ready to break out monies and just not give a crap about the fact you're paying way too much because you're on the Strip and it's Michael Mina.Chance for return? Highly unlikely but not completely annihilated from my dining options.
5	LOVED this place!  We were craving a burger, and the 1842 Burger did not disappoint - we added Gouda and it was so incredible, and the meat was perfectly done wagyu beef.  The Mac and cheese side dish was decadent.  Great sports pub ambience.
5	OH EM GEE.... This place has literally changed my life!!We had time to kill before the Justin Timberlake concert. Walked to the food court, but neither my husband or I was interested in what was there. I mean, it was the usual...McDonalds, Chinese, pizza, burgers and hotdogs. Since we had 2 hours until the concert, we decided to try this place out. Best decision ever!!At first, it looked like there was a wait. Luckily, a bunch of people were just looking at the menu and asking the hostess questions, so we were actually seated right away in a booth. The first thing I noticed was that water was served in mason jars, which was cool because you don't see that very often. Our server was William, who was very friendly, knowledgeable with the menu and very attentive. The one item on the menu that caught my eye was the Peanut Butter Crunch Burger. Yes, you heard that right. The Peanut Butter Crunch Burger. As crazy and odd as it sounds, it seemed very interesting and I just had to try it. Just an FYI, all of their burgers are 1/2 pound. So come hungry, or agree to share! My husband was going to order The Champ, but after finding out that the burgers were were huge, we decided to share. They were able to cut the burger in half and add an equal amount of fries in each basket for $1.50 more. We also ordered a side of macaroni and cheese. The burger was HEAVEN in my mouth!! I don't even know who Michael Mina is, but he is a fricken GENIUS!! The meat was cooked perfectly, it was hot and juicy. The peanut butter and bacon jam made the burger awesome! It was sweet and salty, which I normally would not want to taste in a burger. But, it was THE BEST BURGER EVER!! Honestly, I'm not really a burger person. There are good burgers, there are bad burgers, and at the end of the day, it's just a damn burger. But, this is the one that I will remember forever! My favorite for sure!! Soooo delicious, my husband loved it as well. Ok, I won't say anymore. Just go and try it! The Mac and cheese was pretty good too, not too salty or rich, and they cut the broccoli into small pieces. I can't wait to come back here! I also don't know if I can order something different next time. Again Michael Mina, you are a genius and thank you so much for your heavenly burger!!! And...if you ever feel like opening another location, can you do one away from the strip? Say Westside or Summerlin area? That would be great. :P
3	Not the best pub in Las Vegas, but cool atmosphere. We had the lobster corn dogs and duck spring rolls, both good but not spectacular. I had "the champ" burger, pretty good and it came with fries so that's a plus. I also had the jungle juice drink which was pretty yummy! I'd recommend this place if your looking for casual bite
4	A little pricey but do take into consideration you are eating on the Vegas strip.The service is good.  Food is great.  Beer and drinks are amazing.  Came here with the bf before a night out and I got the lobster corndogs and the kale cesar salad.  I would get both again!  Bf had a sandwich and friends but I was too concerned with my own food to both on how his was haha.
4	Just when I thought I was done with my hipster beer encounter, we got suckered into claiming the BOGO PBR check-in offer. I had my share of 2 beers but felt absolutely nothing. Our server was awesome. We had lots of questions and requests and he delivered. We tried the hot soft pretzels, 1842 burger, peanut butter crunch burger, a bit of everything BBQ plate and the baked ziti "pie".Hot Soft Pretzels:Pretzels with 'Merican beer cheese and poached egg. We were iffy about the poached egg. One person in our group is not a big fan of eggs and I'm not a fan of egg yolks especially if it's runny. But at the same time, we want to know what it's like to have it the way it was meant to be served. Our server gave us two sauces: one with poached egg and one without. Brilliant! A friend had to mix the poached egg and 'Merican cheese together as I looked away. The egg made the sauce a bit thicker. The pretzels themselves weren't all that great or soft. 3/51842 Burger:Caramelized onions, mushrooms and truffle aioli with a side of fries. I asked for extra truffle aioli for my fries. Medium-rare perfection, natural sweetness from the onions and the flavor and fragrance of truffle aioli. The fries were thin and crispy and sprinkled with chopped parsley. They put pickle spears on top of the bun - no pickle juice touched my meat, yay! 4/5Peanut Butter Crunch Burger:Bacon jam, crushed wavy potato chips and chunky peanut sauce, fries on the side...pimiento on the side per our request. This seemed so interesting so gave it a try. It wasn't exactly peanut butter they slathered on the bun but a peanut sauce with chunks of peanuts. I tried it with and without pimiento. With the pimiento, it was like eating a Thai burger - nutty and slightly spicy. It was good the first few bites but the texture and flavor overload wore me out that I couldn't finish it. 3.5/5A Bit of Everything BBQ Plate:Ribs, brisket and pulled pork. Comes with kale slaw, jalapeno cornbread, baked squash and baked beans on the side. The meats were tender, sweet but vinegary. "This is better than Rollin Smoke." 4/5 I was so full I didn't try the bake ziti "pie" so you'll have to wait for John F's review - if he ever writes one. They have football specials every Sunday, Monday, Thursday and Saturday for beers, shots and burgers. For dessert they have: shakes (with or without alcohol), big chocolate layer cake, warm cookies & shake and butterscotch custard. We had no room for that.
4	Boy does this place have some large beers! My husband loved it. Nothing is more manly than a huge platter of nachos to go with his extra large 32 oz beer. Overall great pub food- was a little pricey but everything was delicious. Nachos- huge! 4 people can share. Has a good kick of spices. Perfect to wash it down with a Blue Moon. Fried pickles- These are pickle spears that are battered and deep fried. I prefer pickle chips, but these are good too. I got the greek salad - served with warm pita bread and lamb meatballs. The meatballs were really well seasoned and the salad was light and refreshing. We really enjoyed everything we ordered- but be prepared to pay strip prices for everything.
3	Came for the burgers. For a pub in Las Vegas, they need to step up their game. A $17 burger should not come served on paper in a basket! That right there wraps up the flavor as well. Too bad... The fries actually were not good!
4	It was a little bittersweet knowing that SEABLUE had closed down and Michael Mina re-imagined the space into Pub 1842, a more casual gastropub.  The bright side is that because the food is more casual fare, it makes it more easy for everyone to come in for some upscale and creative bar food without spending too much.  The best part was that almost everything on the menu came with Michael Mina's famous Duck Fat Fries.I didn't plan on having a big meal this visit, but instead for an afternoon snack.  And the perfect entree for that was the Double Dog Dare.The Double Dog Dare. --  http://bit.ly/1h4zPzJBacon-wrapped "double barrel" wagyu dogs, guacamole, pico de gallo, chicharones This is definitely a knife and fork type of dog because there really isn't any way to eat this with your hands.  And although it may seem too much on paper, it all works together, especially with the guacamole, bacon, and crispy chicharones!!  And yes, it came with the Duck Fat Fries!  Okay, so it's a little too much for an afternoon snack, but it was so good!I also thought it was really cool that they sat me at a table right across from the kitchen so I got to see firsthand how my Double Dog Dare was made (http://bit.ly/1faB6nw).So despite me coming in just for a 'small' meal, my experience at Pub 1842 was pretty enjoyable.  They definitely did a complete 180 turn with the space compared to when it was SEABLUE, but it really is all for the better.  I really want to come back to try more of theie creative bar food, especially the Peanut Butter Crunch Burger!!
4	Great happy hour and food. Relaxed atmosphere with all the sports on TV my husband could wish for!
4	Michael Mina Pub 1842 is located in the MGM.I had lunch here with my sister and our mom.  We ordered the frickles (fried pickles). Me and my sister each ordered their "1842 burger" while our mom had the "classic Italian sausage." The frickles were huge, 4 large, whole, deep fried pickles. Between the 3 of us we only finished off 2. I wouldn't order it again. When our orders came out it was clear that me and my sis should've shared the burger. They were HUGE. Our mom's order was also large. We all liked what we ordered....comfort food with a gastropub twist. It's a great addition to MGM's dining options. Pub 1842 offers generous portions of comfort food at reasonable prices. It fits in between MGM's cheaper food court eateries and its upscale restaurants.
2	This was a good place for us to meet up with family and avoid waiting in the ridiculous MGM buffet line.  The food was just ok for the prices.  With the Michael Mina name I expected a little bit better tasting food, but at the same time it is a pub.  WIth that said I wish it was more pub prices for the quality of food that I had.  I ordered the ahi tuna and brussel sprouts. I also had one of their cocktails I can't remember the name but it had vodka and ginger beer in it.  The Ahi tuna was too creamy and wasn't what I expected.  The brussel sprouts were too greasy.  They had large chunks of bacon in them which would have been good if it wasn't so greasy.  My drink while good was so small!  For $13 I would have expected double the size. My husband had the ribs and fries which he said was ok and my brother had the fish and chips which he liked but for almost $30 a plate they said it wasn't necessarily worth it.  Would I go back?  Yes,  it's convenient to make open table reservations and it's a good location.  However,  I won't be getting what I ordered,  nor will I order one of their specialty cocktails.
4	Great place to relax and enjoy some great food at a reasonable price. I personally recommend the rack of ribs, and the squash. The ribs fell right off the bone and had a great flavor. The squash was caramelized with brown sugar. A great treat. The drink special was a champagne with cognac that was just what you needed. The staff was extremely polite and ensured everything was exactly what we needed.
3	A decent pub located at the MGM.  Cool concept, but the service wasn't what I expected, we'd enjoy our meal, but we barely saw our server, which delayed our indulgence of the place.  At the end of the day, if the service was better I would have guaranteed to have come back; but it wasn't, and so I'm sure there's other places in Vegas to spend my money.
5	24 DIFFERENT TYPES OF (GOOD) BEER ON TAP. Order your beer in a 33 oz. stein and watch yourself get supperrrrr drunk. If you've been drinking already, like I was, I ended up getting too drunk to finish my beer. Our lovely bartender handed me a plastic cup and I took the rest of my beer TO-GO! After all, you are in Vegas and wasting alcohol is blasphemy! I love the decor and vibe of this pub. Service was impeccable from what I remembered.
5	We found Pub 1842 walking thru the District, after having read some of the reviews here.  It did not disappoint!! I had the Champ Burger, that was utterly amazing!  We sat at the bar, and the service was fantastic too.  Jennifer was amazing, had great suggestions and was a fun bartender!!  (thanks again, Jennifer)The atmosphere was great too.  Two big TVs above the bar, great stools, etc.
2	I've only been here once, and it was a rather awkward experience.Whenever I go to Vegas, the friends that I prefer to hang out with will live and die by MGM.  We went here looking for an okay spot for dinner, and it was a really disappointing experience.At first, the service seemed good.  Our hostess was very welcoming as she led us to our booth, and I'll tell you -- in public, me and the guys are quite cool to be around.  But we never saw our server again.I ordered a "Homemade Fireball" because it's a favorite of us back home, but it was horrible.  We had no chase either.  Disgusting.I ordered a rack of ribs, which is usually conservative choice because you can't really grill those wrong, so it was good.  My friend had some nachos to start and those were great, but he didn't enjoy his entree--I think it was tuna.  My other friend didn't enjoy his prime rib either.We don't usually box stuff, but that's what we ended up doing.I see myself coming back for beer... but it's Vegas, I'm rarely ever here to have a beer.  But since I'm getting older, I'll probably hit this spot up on a casual Vegas night.
4	My friend and I thought it would be fun to try Pub 1842 for a "light" lunch, considering all we do is eat when we go to Vegas. I can't say that it was necessarily a "light" lunch, but it was delicious.The ambience is really fun, and we sat in a table toward the back of the restaurant where we had plenty of space to relax and unwind after a morning filled with shopping and walking. Our server suggested the Southside to start, and I was intrigued. They only make 15 large jars per day of this drink, so I decided to take advantage of this special drink. It's just beefeater, fresh lemon juice, and mint. Super delicious. Super refreshing. Of course I ordered a second drink. My friend had the pub's version of a moscow mule, and loved it. We shared the fried pickles, which were perfectly crispy and not greasy at all, and our server recommended the Greek salad and I was requesting "lighter" fare. The delectable lamb meatballs on the salad weren't exactly "light," but I loved them. They definitely made the salad.I'm not sure how it would be for dinner, but everything I tried at lunch was very good.
5	The nachos alone made me make not one, but TWO trips to Pub 1842 on our most recent trip to Vegas. They are DELICIOUS. The rest of the menu is fantastic too. Prices are fair and service is good. In a sea of pretentious Vegas eateries, this place feels like home. A hidden gem, for real. I can't wait to come back!
5	Fate led my wife and I to Michael Mina Pub in back to back nights during a recent trip to Vegas. Each night, we got the nachos. And each night, we were wowed by the nachos. They're just perfect. The pork on there was excellent. The cheese was gooey and perfectly distributed. The mix of hot and cold, soft and crunchy, veg and animal all worked.The markup on food was what you'd expect from a "low food made high"-type place in the middle of a casino, but the quality of the ingredients used really showed that the folks there are serious about the restaurant's concept.Two things to keep in mind are that it is dark and it is loud, even by the standards of a rowdy pub. But it always seems to be possible to grab a table, which is a heck of a thing to have going for you in Vegas.
2	I don't understand the trend of celebrity chefs slapping their names on any establishment. This trend seems particularly prevalent in Vegas. Where is the quality control?Pub 1842 provides an average experience. Everything is edible but not particularly memorable or delicious. The service was fine. I will have to say that of all the restaurants we visited in Vegas, which includes Gordon Ramsay Pub, Mesa Grill, Spago, DOCG and others, the server at Michael Mina Pub was the only one to refold my napkin when I left the table. The servers have been trained here.If you find yourself at MGM with no place to eat, Michael Mina Pub would probably be fine. You'll leave feeling that you overpaid, but that happens almost everywhere in Vegas.
5	Just like the feel of this place. The room has great lighting. Music is perfect. TV's everywhere. The food is so unpretentious but sophisticated simultaneously - if that's possible. Service is good too. My server Sara B as friendly, efficient and attractive. The beverage offerings are both "adventurous" and familiar at the same time - best of both worlds. Great experience here.
3	Pretty typical restaurant/bar food...except the chicken wings are full sized drumsticks.  Yes, I read that on the menu but didn't think each drumstick was 5 inches long, was thinking more of the minis.  Lots of TV to watch football and the bar has a cool look/feel.
4	Came here with the family after the UFC fight on a Saturday night late (!!), luckily this was the type of place bypasses by most of the UFC crowd.  Somewhat randomly chosen but a nice find: sticks right out into the center of the MGM so you feel the open space.  The menu was a mix of comfort food and creative experiments: fun for the foodie and the grubby eater.  I was drawn to the most unusual combination of the burger with peanut butter, bacon jam, and potato chips, which proved to be less obnoxious than it sounds--the taste combo was fairly subtle and unified without too much of the extra ingredients and a nice crunchy, toasty, burnt taste that wasn't too overwhelming.   Great service (except forgetting one person's dish entirely---but then we got it fast and for free).
4	It's Friday night in Vegas and I didn't want to go clubbing hungry. I wasn't feeling like food court food, but I didn't want to pay $$$ since I've lost $$$. So off to Michael Mina's I go. Since I came by myself, I was directed to sit at the bar. The bartender was super friendly and chill. I ordered the:- mushroom burger which was so darn good. Exactly what I was looking for - comforting and full of flavor. This is a must if you love mushrooms and onions. - fried pickles were errrr... Okay I guess. This is my first time having it, but I still prefer regular pickles. You know how they say anything fried would taste better, well this is not the case. - Moscow's Mule was delish! I had to negotiate with the bartender to only put 1/2 the amount of vodka jn there coz I'm a lightweight - he was hesitant in the beginning but I'm glad he listened to me because halfway through the drink, I was tipsy. The bill totalled up to $40 - pretty expensive but hey, you're in Vegas and I walked out a happy *tipsy* girl.
1	Food was ok, but waiter tricked us.  If you use yelp to check in it states free blue moon beer.  The waiter said it was buy one get one free........after we got our check.  But it doesnt state that.  Horrible service.
4	FANTASTIC! That's really all I want to say...but I'll elaborate.Pub 1842 is a no frills restaurant serving pub food, but backed by Michael Mina, so of course it will be delicious!  After a week of eating out for every meal, I just wanted something simple. I was debating between the Organic Half Chicken and Scottish Salmon...both I suppose are equally healthy, right? But why go to a restaurant just to have "banquet chicken"? Well, that's when I looked at what sides they come with and made my final decision.  The Organic Half Chicken came on top of a bed of truffled Mac and Cheese.  How do you say no to that?! So there's a running joke in the hospitality industry (at least the people that I worked with) that if you are not adventurous, you're always safe with getting the chicken.  Every menu will have that "safe" chicken option.  I laughed at myself a bit when I did finally order the chicken. But OMFG! It was DELICIOUS!  Everything about it was amazing! It was well seasoned and juicy! I finished every last morsel of my meal, which I didn't do any other meal during the week! I was amazed with every single bite. I didn't want my meal to end! (And the night before, I had a bone-in ribeye, my fave, but I didn't even finish that!!).I will have to also mention that it was great to find a few San Franciscan items on the menu, including the "San Franciscan" which was Anchor Steam and Fernet Branca. My only response to that is *heart*.
5	The beer selection is weak but o m g the nachos are seriously to die for.  Every bite is perfect and it comes with a lot.  I ended up taking the leftovers to go even though I knew the chips would be all soft and limp.  The next morning just woke up and went straight for them without even heating it up.  Flavor was still delicious cold. Also got the champ burger which was also good but the bun got a little soggy so was a little difficult to hold.  Will for sure be back for those nachos.
4	Four words: peanut butter crunch burger.You can't go wrong with a massive burger with bacon jam, potato chips, and a peanut sauce that tastes like peanut butter but isn't quite that thick. It might sounds weird but it is a must try. Be warned though that it is very filling. I like to think I can eat my fair share but I wasn't able to finish this massive burger. If you aren't totally starving you could probably split this. It comes with fries that were just okay but nothing special. It is somewhat pricey but that's to be expected for a place in a Vegas casino.I'll be back here next time I'm in the area and have a big appetite.
5	Really loved the food here, plus convenient for the room! We didnt feel like dealing with the strip or getting out, so we used yelp to pick a place inside the MGM to eat, glad we did. The reviews on the nachos are right, they are dang good! But way big, so share, even if its for your meal, you can still share! We also got the lobster corndogs. Have to say, wasnt impressed with those..should have stuck more to the BBQ menu or something, but they werent terrible. The waiter was super friendly, telling us other places we could check out, and the atmosphere was good. Wasnt overly loud and crazy, but still upbeat. Would definitely go back here on our next trip and would recommend it to anyone!
2	Spendy, but you pay for the location. Got the soft pretzel appetizer. They were really good. Only lightly salted, and not greasy. My wife got the nachos, which were just O.K. I got the champ burger, which was a good burger, but not $19 good. Add two beers to that and we spent over $60 for a burger and nachos. I do have to say the service was excellent, and if anything got me to go back that would be it.
4	The "A Bit of Everything BBQ Plate" was really satisfying. The weakest link on the plate being the Kale slaw which didn't really taste like anything. The slaw dressing was simply milky and lacked acid - like a weak Ranch dressing. Would've been way better with a vinegar-based formula. I was super impressed by the St. Louis-style BBQ ribs on the Bit of Everything plate. Lean like baby backs, and robust-tasting like Texas beef ribs, I really enjoyed them. I agree with Cathy C - way better than Rollin' Smoke, and even better than the former Las Vegas Grille as well - that's saying a lot, I think! Seriously, if you were to tell me that these were just a large, delicious version of a baby back rib, I would believe it.The brisket was great as well. Pretty smoke ring and great flavor. The fat was totally edible and had a true melt-in-your-mouth quality. Pulled pork was delicious, and the baked beans were served piping hot (which I appreciate) and tasted homemade.I had a dozen oysters on the side - East Coast (Bluepoint, I believe), jumbo-sized and moderately priced at $3/pop. Good luck finding them for less coin on the Strip (at least these ones are huge.)Overall I would put this place a cut above the Todd English and Gordon Ramsay Pubs, and on the same food par as Rx Boiler Room, but I believe Michael Mina 1842 wins on price point. One of the big drags about Gordon Ramsay and Michael Mina is the walking distance from the Self Park deck (about 12-14 mins). Even from the Valet it takes about 10 mins to walk to both places. But I guess a nice walk is good thing after a meal like this?
2	I can't think for the life of me what Michael Mina was thinking attaching his name to this  " pub". This was serviceable food at best and a marginally stocked bar wrapped in the guise of a pub. The food was ok and the service was ok all couched in the exaggerated LV price structure. The solution, mediocre.Want a real LV pub experience? Try Gordon Ramsey's located in Caesar's. GR knows pub food!
2	We made reservations here since we were seeing a concert at the MGM Arena.  I highly recommend making reservations online before coming since there were many people waiting to get a table.  But that being said, I wouldn't recommend the food.  Here it goes...  we started off with the pretzel and cheese appetizer.  Pretzels good but the cheese was not.  Bummer.  I had ordered the nachos off of the appetizer menu.  Honestly I wish he would have told me how huge this was.  I could've been split easily between 4 people.  This jicama relish on top was not very good.  Spending this much on nachos I was hoping was something tastier.  My husband ordered the Champ burger...  a $19 burger.  Was it worth it? Nope.  I had a taste and was disappointed.  The service on the other hand was impeccable.  There were constantly people coming over to refill our drinks.  Our food was out quickly and our waiter was very friendly and professional.  $70 later, you would think it would have been a better meal.  Bummed.
4	Perfect spot for happy hour. I love their cocktails--had the Heist (Bulleit bourbon, passion fruit-lemongrass syrup, vanilla, and fresh lemon juice, with fresh cracked black pepper on top), which was sweeter than I normally go for, but interesting and delicious. They had a special version with strawberry peppercorn syrup as well, and that one was tasty, too. They do barrel-aged cocktails, which is an interesting concept, but the only one I tried was way too sweet for me (Sin City, with Buffalo Trace whiskey, Green Chartreuse, keffir lime syrup, and a gold leaf garnish). The Soda Popinski from the Fizzy-Lifting section of the menu (their version of a Moscow Mule--Grey Goose, fresh lime, ginger beer), was refreshing and balanced.As far as food, the 1842 nachos were fantastic! They're cheaper during happy hour, and a ridiculously large serving--an entire tray of tortilla chips with big chunks of braised pork, cheddar cheese sauce, black bean and jicama relish, with pickled fresno peppers. Super flavorful.Love this place for happy hour!
4	This place was solid!, We stayed at the MGM for a company conference.  This place became our group hang out.  The service was good, The food was good, the table staff was pretty good.  The Bar staff was on top of their game.  The Beer selection was pretty good as well.
3	Stopped in for drinks and appetizers.  The beers were huge and the atmosphere was cool, but 1 - fried pickles were all wrong, don't make them with spears and don't use tempura batter! The batter fell off and they should be like chips to quickly eat.  I had red wine, wasn't in the mood for beer or a mixed drink and they served it cold.  Not cool or room temp, but cold like white wine, um no. :) the people I was with liked their beer the other food smelled good and I would like for it to be good, so I would try it again and steer clear of fried pickles and wine! Lol :)
4	The champ burger was delicious.  Although the description says bacon and bacon, you only get two slices.  The fries are good.  My sister had the shrimp cocktail which she enjoyed.  Service was great!
4	Overall great experience, although a bit pricy for what I would consider bar food. That being said everything we tasted had great flavor and the portions were large. Tempura mushrooms and oysters were delicious. Burgers and BBQ platter were very tasty. Loved the kale slaw! The service was very friendly and attentive. We went on a quiet night so we we're looked after very well. Overall a great experience and I recommend going!
4	Michael Mina has done it again. Located in the space that formerly housed Seablue at MGM Grand, they have retained the lobster corn dogs on the menu. Yay!  The wait staff are very accommodating,  great attitudes. The ribs are fork tender and their burger selection includes salmon and turkey.
5	This was our 3rd time here, first time eating. I had the brisket, which was the absolute best I ever had. It literally melted in my mouth!! My friend had the Champ burger, which again, was pure perfection. To top it off, the bartenders are the most personable on the strip...I just LOVE this place!!
2	Showed up at 5pm on a Sunday night. There was a 30 min wait, so we just went to the bar. Service at the bar was good. Happy hour wine was $5. Qupe Syrah is always wonderful. But let us get to the food.Got the Fish Tacos and Peanut Butter Crunch Burger. Burger was ordered medium, but came out medium well. The edges were charred, the burger slightly cracked and falling apart. The char would have been nice, if the center was a nice pink temp, but it was cooked all through to a muted brown. Flavor was good though. But for $19, there are better burgers to be had in Vegas.The fish tacos came recommended by the bar tender. So we ordered those too. Wrapped in  standard grocery store tortillas, they were room temp and stale. They could not hold up to the filling inside, as they fell apart one bite into the taco. The fish and mushy, not flaky and tender. The soggy breading lacked much seasoning. Chef, these need to be taken off the menu! Or learn how to heat up corn tortillas and keep the fish crispy. At $24 for 3 tacos, look elsewhere.
4	Stopped in for some quick appetizer and drinks. Got the nachos (which are huge and served on a half cookie sheet) and fried pickles which were delicious. Old fashion cocktail is fantastic but wasn't a fan on the Kramer. Service is great and the bartenders are very knowledgable. All in all a great experience and would love to come back to try more of the menu.
4	This place is a really nice new addition to the MGM food corridor with some great comfort food type menu items done with some flair and executed very well.  We had a champ burger, fish and chips, brisket Benedict, and a kids chicken basket.  Everything was tasty especially the brisket Benedict and their fries are nicely seasoned with herbs and cooked just right.  I would definitely revisit to try many of the other tempting menu items like the lobster corn dogs.  Don't expect anything too fancy here but it's all well prepared and a comparable price to other places like it considering the location.  $16 for brisket Benedict, $19 for the champ burger with fries, $26 for fish and chips, and $14 for a salad isn't cheap but that's probably due to location.
4	Nice setup for watching sports. Fish tacos are delicious along with the Cuban Summer mixed drink. PBR tall boys come in a souvenir brown paper bag coozie. Fun place
4	Michael Mina is amazing. Throw his cuisine into an MGM Grand pub with beer, multiple TV's with sports, and strong cocktails and you are set.Start with a Sin City cocktail. Follow it up with frickles (fried pickles!) and DELICIOUS lobster corn dogs - like crab cakes inside a corn dog! We then tried the Peanut Butter Crunch burger - a perfectly grilled patty with peanut butter and potato chips inside hamburger buns. Yum.
3	For what it is it is a great place to get bar food.  For what it should be with Michael Mina's name attached it simply is not.  The nachos were really good the frickles were even better...the lobster corn dogs, blah skip it!The drinks here imo were really small,  I mean it is vegas and drink size shouldn't be an issue but it is here.  Have drinks here and then come eat here.  There were about 5 of us and the bill came out to about 220?  so I guess the prices are a little higher at about 40 pp?  For that you can eat at a buffet or somewhere else.  if you are hungry and don't want to endure a long dinner the this is a place.  The service is a little slow so be prepared.Cheers and happy eats!
5	Great atmosphere, amazing food, huge selection of beer!  This place is MUST every time we go to Vegas... why?  THE NACHOS!  I dream about the nachos they have at Pub1842.  They'll change your life!  Servers are always happy and fun, it's just a great place to eat/drink!
5	REALLY good food. Anything you get here will be a well crafted dish, thoughtfully prepared, carefully delivered. The infamous peanut butter and bacon jelly burger is worth trying, but the peanut butter part gets a little intense and exhausting after a few bites. I loved the breakfast burrito and fried pickles--maybe opt for those and get your friend to order the burger. All said, I walked away being truly impressed with the quality of the whole experience, from the fun drinking "isms" that greeted me on the chalkboard over the bar to the very earnest service from food runners and bussers alike, and all of the deliciousness in between.
5	Went on Valentine's Day and had  Fedex'd cards for wife. They had the first one waiting when we got to the table and then brought another out with each course. Our waiter Jaime was fantastic and so professional. They all made our dinner wonderful! Will make this a regular stop every time we are in Vegas. Thank you so much for a great meal!
4	It is really more like 3.5  stars, the burgers and fries were great but $20 each.  I am also not a big fan of the restaurant  being open to the main walkway of the hotel/mall area it makes me feel like I am eating at a food court.  (I guess that's Vegas).  Do not try the Wagon Wheel it is a sampling of 6 cocktails with a beer chaser and they we mostly awful and barely chilled. The only sample that was drinkable was the Old Fashion. However my husband said his martini was perfect. I also found the tables with your own personal beer tap amusing.
2	Came here on a Sunday evening and sat at the bar. The two bartenders were very friendly but overwhelmed by the volume of drinks being ordered in the restaurant. I ordered the crab cake appetizer and the 8 oz. filet mignon. The crab cake was EXCELLENT and the only good highlight of this visit. However, the kitchen screwed up the cooking of the filet. I ordered medium and it came out rare. Of course, once they try to re-cook it to the proper temperature, it is never the same, and this was no exception. I usually don't take the risk of ordering a $40+ steak in a "pub" vs. a true steakhouse, but I didn't listen to myself this time. The bartender apologized, but it wasn't his fault. The kitchen gave me an extra order of fries, but I don't know what I was supposed to do with a combined pile of fries the size of my head.
4	I was so pleased with Mina's other restaurant, RN74, I wanted to try Pub 1842. Servers were really friendly and I got seated right away for dinner. Wait times during sporting events will probably be longer. I noticed that some tables have a beer draft machine. The server explained that the table pays for a certain amount and can fill their own and pay as you go. What a great idea! The only downside, there are only 2 types of beer at each of these tables and they all serve different kinds of beer. I tried the 1842 burger, which was pretty tasty. It was moist and flavorful. However, the asian salad was a disappointment. It was nothing spectacular and had some weird chipotle flavor. I was able to redeem my Yelp check-in offer. Buy 1 get 1 free beer. Great deal!
4	Nachos and brussel sprouts are good. Thick cuts of bacon were are added to the brussel sprouts and that was packed flavor. 'The Champ" voted as MGM's best burger is juicy and delicious. The "Little of Evertything," was a bit dry side & they provide extra bbq sauce on the side, though jalopeno corn bread was tasty. I'm a fan since this spot seem to be pretty chilled and relaxing, have a wide range of beer on tap, and might be the only place in MGM that have serves gourmet burgers without having the feeling to be dressed up.
4	My husband and I decided to stop in here last night for a casual bite to eat before a show. We were both pleasantly surprised to see that all the reviews we read prior to coming were true. The cuisine is phenomenal!!!! Yes, it is bar food. And no, this is not a place that you'd consider if you're trying to be health conscious.  But EVERYTHING is delicious!!! Its bar food with an exquisite, well executed,  twist. My husband ordered the double bacon burger,  medium well. I had the 1842 burger with blue cheese.  also medium well. Both were cooked to perfection. It was so juicy that it could almost melt in your mouth. We also decided to share an order of nachos.  And I have to say that those were some of the best nachos ive ever had. They were so huge that they could have been eaten as an entree. Also, well executed. The only grievance I had with entire dining experience was with the size of the drinks. For $ 14.00 , your specialty cocktail is served in what appeared to be a 10 ounce mug, filled with 70% ice. Was it delicious? Yes. Worth $14.00? Not so much. Overall, if you're in the mgm looking for an amazing casual meal, I would definitely keep this place mind.
4	Steak was fantasticBeer selection was very good Services was very good. Located in a great casino
4	one of the best eateries we've had in Vegas - and this is from food that was taken to-go and eaten the next 2 days!!!- Lobster corn dog: just ok.  They give you 3 mini dogs, but since it was ok ,aybe because it was to-go?- St. Louis Ribs: Fantastic- 1842 Burger: Fantastic. When a burger is amazing after 1 day, its says alot.  When it is amazing the 2 day after twice heating it up, it speaks to the quality- Double Bacon burger: Good. My daughter liked it. I thought it was a bit dry, but still good. - Rib eye steak: Fantastic!Price - vegas pricing standards.  $17-$20 for the burgers with fries.  The steak was like $45, ribs was $34 for the full stack.  Would I come again? You bet ya!
4	"Was it a dream where you were standing in sort of sun-god robes on top of a pyramid, and there were hundreds of naked women screaming and throwing little pickles at you?" -- Real Genius (1985)I'm a big fan of Michael Mina - having eaten at his establishments in San Francisco and even when this location was called Knob Hill years ago - so when I found out there was another Michael Mina place to check out - I was all in.  I grabbed my girlfriends and quickly made a reservation for us and off we went.I forgot how maze-like MGM Grand can be and they have made so many changes since I was here last time.  Plus, with the Nascar folks in town - it was a zoo. So we were a couple of minutes late for our reservation - but despite our tardiness and how packed they were - they seated us right away in a 6-top booth.We were starving and immediately opted for cocktails and snacks - ordering the frickles (fried pickle spears) and the pretzels with a gooey beer-cheese dip with a fried (maybe poached) egg in the center.  The pretzels were amazing and I will say that the dip was better once someone broke the egg into and swirled it all around - I didn't even realize it was in there until someone else had the guts to break it and mix it all up.  The frickles were also delicious - with a snap to them and a sauce that was to die for - I could have put that stuff on everything!My cocktail was the Soda Popinski.  Not being a fan of sweet cocktails - I tend to go for the tart ones or bourbon laced ones.  This was Grey Goose, Fresh Lime, and Ginger Beer - so perfectly tart and packed a real punch! Loved it!For my entree - I was torn.  I finally gave in and ordered the Double Dog Dare.  This was two bacon-wrapped wagyu hot dogs, topped with guacamole, pico de gallo, and chicharones. So double the pork on top of fancy beef dogs - you cannot go wrong. But damn - this was a LOT of food.  I didn't want the fries it came with, so I asked for a substitute of the Mac and cheese.  I was warned it would cost extra - yeah, I'm in Vegas - I don't care.  So I opted for the smoked gouda mac and cheese with broccoli.  Not too shabby, but I've had better.This is not a hot dog you can eat with your hands - you have to use a knife and fork.  Not that I minded - because it was DAMN good.  Honestly, I don't think it needed the guac and pico - just all that pork goodness and leave it be...maybe a fancy mustard and walk away. But I was happy - and seriously, could not eat it all (such a shame).For "dessert," they had boozy milkshakes.  How can you NOT get a salted caramel shake packed with bourbon?  Especially when they offer to put it in a to-go cup?  Exactly.  It was my birthday, after all.Overall, the service was slow and we had to split up the check ourselves.  Our waitress said it would take her SO long to do it, so we took care of it on our own.  This is from the server who had trouble keeping our water glasses full (we might have ordered extra cocktails from her, but it was taking too long) and my mac and cheese came out late and I had to remind her about it - I still ended up with the fries.  So service loses them a star, but the food keeps them at 4 stars (plus honoring of the reservation despite us being late).Thanks Mr. Mina - you know I will be back again.
4	Drinks were great. Thank god theyvwere on happy hour prices. The food was amazing too. Reasonably priced... For Vegas. Highway robbery elsewhere, but quite tasty.  The beer menu was ok but did not have the variety I would have expected. Lots of choices but all fell into a few categories. No wheats, no ales that I can remember but plenty of IPAs.
3	The happy hour deals at the bar were the best way to go.  Overall neat place but there are plenty of neat places in vegas.
3	My wife and I came here for a late lunch while were staying at the MGM's Signature hotel.  At first we wanted to sit at the bar but most of the seats were taken and the all of the two person high-top tables had "reserved" signs on them which I didn't understand.  We grabbed a beer and a cider (quite expensive at nearly $20) and asked for a sit-down table.We ordered the 1842 (caramelized onions, mushrooms and truffle aioli) and the Bacon burger, both at $19.00 each.  I thought they were good.  I also ordered the "hair of the dog" which was a shot of Jim Beam and a shot of pickle juice.  We call this the "pickle-back" here in San Diego.  At only $8 this was possible one of the better values.  The interior is not terribly huge or decorated in a memorable way.  There's a little outside patio type of area with standing hooks for your jackets or hats which I thought was a nice touch.Overall I wish there was more variety on the menu and wasn't blown-away like I am at some other Vegas restaurants (hence only 3 stars) but I would go back to Pub 1842 try some other things which may get it more stars (especially these lobster corn dogs I keep hearing about).  This is my first Michael Mina restaurant.
4	Good beer specials and big portions on the nachos we ordered. The lobster corn dogs were too fishy and I'd skip that next time. Good happy hour specials, so I'd come back for that. Service was good and wasn't too intrusive. The TVs weren't turned to the active sporting events and seemed like they were just turned to the regular sports news channels instead. Nice ambiance, I'd go back for happy hour only.
4	The happy hour is great! I seriously ordered several drinks prior to the end of happy house (got there at 6:30 and happy hour ended at 7). The drinks were cheap and delicious! The waiter was comical and gave us a wonderful service. If I didn't come here the night before, I would come here over the craft steak across from this place. Much friendlier service and food was a lot more memorable. They do not have a kids menu but everything they have can me accommodated to a kid size. Definitely accommodating with kids. We had the warm spinach salad with salmon and peanut butter crunch burger. I love peanut butter and on a burger was a heavenly combination. The French fries are addicting. I ate so much of it that I couldn't finish the burger!
4	I had a good experience at the Pub 1842. Hunter was our server and did a great job. He was extremely knowledgeable about the beer selection when we asked him about our particular tastes he was able to point out good selections.  I had the peanut butter crunch burger and it was delicious!!  I believe everyone at the table enjoyed their food as well.  We did have an order of the Lobster dogs (I think that is what they are called) for an appetizer.  They left a little more to be desired in my opinion.  Overall the the evening was great and big props to Hunter he did a great job.
2	Terrible Service! Mediocre food. Unexplainable because restaurant was mostly empty. Waited almost an hour for food after ordering and before that waited 20 minutes to put in a drink order.  Ribs were over-done, tasted as though they were microwaved - dry and chewy, did not fall off the bone. If you are at the MGM there are so many other, much better choices! Only reason I give two stars is the Peanut Butter Burger - unique and actual good.
3	Terrible Service. Overpriced Food. Good Beer.Our waitress was really not so good at her job with very frequent interruptions, dropping things, taking away things we needed, and not being around when she was needed. Please don't interrupt my conversation to tell me you'll be right back with something. Just bring it. Don't ask me if it's okay that my burger comes with fries if there is no alternative. Don't ask me if I need another beer while my current one is half-way full every 5 minutes. The burger was pretty good and cooked medium-rare as ordered. It was cooked in a lot of butter though, making it too rich. When paying $19 for a burger and fries (?!!), could you please serve it to me on a plate instead of in a basket? The sauce and juices drip all over the fries, making them soggy. The fries were sub-par. I would expect thicker cut fries, skin on, or something other than what looked like and tasted like McD's fries. And $1.50 sharing fee? No thanks. The beer menu is good with very high prices. It's not easy to find craft beer in Vegas, but this bar has a decent selection. I went back the next day for Happy Hour to get a deal on a pint, but sadly the Happy Hour specials are only on cocktails and tall boy cans of PBR. Really? You're a craft brew pub, but you feature the worst beer in cans as your special? No thanks. The Todd English P.U.B. at the Aria has equally good beer and half-price pints for Happy Hour (3-6). If you are stuck at the MGM Grand and need a bite or a beer, there are worse options. I'm sure most of the food is delicious, but I couldn't afford to try it.
4	Awesome Happy Hour with great crafted cocktails ( barrel aged old fashion, the Heist, the Kramer, their Cuban summer) and delish small plates. We tried the Korean BBQ ribs, the lobster grilled cheese with fries, the duck spring roll, the brisket sliders, and the chopped wedge salad. Fabulous food and prices were great off the happy hour menu which runs 4-7 pm. Soo good I am returning for a 3rd time this visit. Service at the bar on the food is great, cocktail service by the bartenders a bit slow. What a great value!
5	We just stopped here on a whim for lunch and let me tell you, if you like burgers this is a great choice. I indulged in the 1842 Burger with pepper jack cheese and it was bar none one if the best burgers I have eaten. A beautiful friendly waitress was on top if all of our dining needs and my beer was never empty. If your there definitely try it out, you won't be disappointed:-)
2	Expensive and mediocre food.  Too salty for my taste.Staff was unfamiliar with wood and preparation.
3	Food was good but not great.  The peanut butter crunch sounded interesting. And it tasted ok. It's one if those items that you have to try once and once you did, you probably wouldn't ever get it again. Took a bite of the 1842 burger and the double smoked double bacon burger.   Those burgers were good.  Nothing  really that special.  I guess the restuarant being a Michael Minna restuarant I had higher expectations.   However,  the duck fat fries were still on point.   Consistent with some of his other restaurants.   Service is always great at all his restaurants and this one was no exception.  Overall not a bad choice to grab a burger and fries.
4	Has the Little Bit of Everything". That was very good, it was $43 but it was very filling. My son had the Brisket and it was done very nicely. The sauce was a nice compliment. My wife had the Green Salad, large portion dressing not over done and cashew gave it a nice soft crunch. My youngest had the kids cheese burger and it was big enough for an adult portion. We did the fries in Duck Oil with home made ketchup. The fries tasted pretty much like a fry tastes but that home made ketchup was really good. Nice atmosphere, they were plenty busy but we got in and served fairly quickly. We'll come back here for sure.
4	I was in Vegas with some friends who had never been to the U.S. before, and much of our trip was about exposing them to some uniquely American dishes and beers. Among all the hustle and bustle of Vegas, MMP was a lucky find where my friends and I were able to relax in sporty atmosphere and try some fun American foods.   For those of you who have read my other reviews, you will know I am a friend pickle snob, so when I saw them on the menu and wanted to provide my friends with a fun, American-food experience, the friend pickles were an easy decision. Now, I am not a fan of friend pickle spears--indeed dill chips are much superior--but MMP managed a version that was acceptable. Many restaurants fail to properly bread the spear so the breading separates from the spear rendering a warm pickle without the flavor and texture needed to make a good friend pickle. MMP avoided disaster.   On another briney note, the bar also offers pickle back shots (which it calls "hair of the dog), and provided another unique experience for my American culture sponges. I pressured one of my friends into taking a shot with me after which he noted: "I always knew you Americans drank weird sh*t." Nevertheless, he said that he enjoyed it and I assume chalked the experience up to another great American first.     Aside from the food, the beer selection is also notable and should not be overlooked. If you really want a gimmick, MMP has tables that have their own taps so that you can just keep the Vegas fun coming.    Overall, I would say this is a great place for happy hour.
3	Not impressed. We stopped in for an afternoon snack. Ordered two apps...nachos and duck spring rolls. The nachos were plentiful but I didn't like the fake cheese sauce and sour cream that was drizzled over the whole thing. The pickled peppers were really good, though. The spring roll had good flavor but was strange. It wasn't deep fried, more like sauteed and greasy. Beer was good and service was attentive. Will try somewhere else next time.
5	Amazing food and super friendly, helpful and efficient waitresses. Drinks were great (loved the black cherries!) PB&J burger was amazing and Delish duck fat fries.
3	Stopped by to have a few beers on my way back from the pool. I chose to sit at the bar and the bartenders were very welcoming. They provided great service! Enjoyed 2 rounds and watched part of a game on the TV before leaving. Overall it's a cool place with great drinks!
3	Happy Hour is the only draw for me for Michael Mina Pub 1842. Here we sampled Duck Spring Rolls, Lobster Grilled Cheese, and some Pork Sliders.While each dish was tasty, they were somewhat lacking in their primary ingredient - particularly the duck and lobster. When biting into the spring roll, it was a struggle to actually taste any duck. I really wanted to taste it too! Likewise with the lobster mac and cheese, the texture of the lobster was evident, but there was little flavor.We received satisfactory service, but the bar is very busy during happy hour and we were lucky to get a seat. At the same time, the manager offered to allow us to order happy hour at one of the tables even though that's normally not allowed.
3	The food was decent but nothing special. It's basically a pub you will go to for a quick meal before going to the show. I had KA tickets and didn't want to wait for table at another restaurant before the show. It's expensive considering what you get but the food and service was ok. It's basically like eating at the mall for triple the price.
4	We sat at the bar which had about four TVs. But they run the TVs a little strange and had hockey in half of the bar and basketball more in the restaurant.  We wanted to watch basketball so we had to squint a little.The food was spot on. Also they have a very nice beer selection. It is a little pricey but the service and food were exceptional.We shared two orders of chicken wings which are really chicken drumsticks.  They were really good and come with a blue cheese dressing.I had a chop salad, which is really a half a head of iceberg lettuce with quarter inch thick pieces of bacon.  They chilled the head of lettuce so it is very crunchy and fresh and cold.  At $14 I was a little skeptical, but after eating it it was very tasty with quality bacon.
4	The 1842 burger was simply amazing!
4	Husband and I came here to have a nice meal in a non stuffy restaurant. The server we had was very helpful and suggested our meals and cocktails. I had the avocado kale salad and he had the salmon burger. To drink I had the "jungle juice" which was really good. We had a nice dinner and got to watch the dodgers on the tv at the bar. Overall, great food and great experience, but very pricey.
5	The food is amazing! I had the double bacon burger. One of the best burgers I've ever had. My bf had the brisket which he absolutely loved as well. The atmosphere is really enjoyable too. Our server Virginia was great. She was very professional, attentive and knowledgeable. They are also very accommodating to those with gluten sensitivities. Can't wait to go back!
4	This is a great place to watch a game, have a few drinks and get great food.  I have dropped into this place twice now and both times had great service and great food.
4	Good beer bar and burgers. Sat at the bar and had a wagon wheel flyte with my daughter. Wide selection of beer with good explanations of each style. The burger and fries were good. Friendly server. Glad they are at the MGM. This type of place has been needed. Will return when at the MGM.
5	Best burger I've ever had.  The double smoked, double bacon burger.  With bacon, bacon jam & Gouda.  Our server was great.  He was knowledgeable of all the beers and made great uh festoons on the menu.  I will be back every time I'm in Vegas!
3	I'm giving this place 3 stars for the uniqueness of the menu. I enjoy seeing new things on a menu and this place delivered! We came for lunch and were seated automatically.  Our server popped right by for our drink order and seemed irritated that we were only having water. I believe he asked us a total of 5 times if that was all we were having.  We were just relaxing browsing the menu and ordered the lobster corn dogs for an app. They came out quickly and weren't very hot or fresh.  Nothing great about them at all which was a disappointment as we had read other reviews raving about them. There was also a small piece of shell in one of them. The server stopped by twice to see if we were ready to place our entree order yet and once again seemed irritated that we weren't decided. We were simply looking over everything and wanted to try something different, not the usual burgers we can get anywhere. Finally decided on the turkey burger and the peanut butter burger for both of us to share. They once again came out very quick. The peanut butter was interesting,  not my favorite as it was caked on and made my mouth stick together. It overpowered the entire hamburger and other toppings. I tried scraping some off to no avail. Oh well, the point was to try something new so at least now I can say I've had peanut butter and bacon jam on a burger!  The turkey burger was delicious.  Loads of flavor, a tad dry but that's usually the case with turkey and the sauce evened it out. My favorite part of the meal was by far the fries! Hot, crispy,  perfectly seasoned. We tried the string and steak fries and both were great but my favorite were the string. Overall it was a cool place to come but the bland appetizer and the server brought it down a star. Maybe if I could give half a star I'd go to 3 1/2!
4	Waking up at 11am in Vegas leaves little for the imagination when it comes to food. We still wanted breakfast, but also wanted to make it to the pool so we could find lounge chairs! We figured walking through the MGM on the way to the pool we'd find SOMETHING, but to no luck. Pub 1842 was our only option, and even they didn't open until 11:30.We were the second customers to get in, and we sat at the bar for faster service. Although our bartender didn't know a lot about the breakfast menu, we picked something quickly. We ordered the Andouille sausage sandwich, which he told us came with fries.We were very pleasantly surprised. The sandwich was so good! The bread used was like a thin version of Texas toast, without all the carbs. It was delicious, and almost melted in your mouth. The fries served with the sandwich were also amazing! They were heavily seasoned, with something like a general seasoning salt, but they were delish! I would definitely come back for that sandwich. We shared it between the two of us and we couldn't even make a dent in the fries.
5	One of our favorite places to go. We love the duck spring rolls and the drumsticks. Only downside at least for my bf is the only happy hour beer is PBR. He says he's not a fan yet orders it anyways lol. I've yet to have anything I don't like here. Can't wait to be in town in two weeks.
5	The DBBL bacon DBBL smokes burger was awesome! Great beer and whiskey selection, need I say more???
4	I ate here before heading to MGM pool, which is a big mistake. Why? Because this place will leave you walking out like a champ....a fat-belly champ. My date and I went with no reservations, and we were seated immediately. We got the 1842 nachos and Double Smoked Double Bacon burger to share. The nachos portion was huge, like, omg huge. Like, what have I done to myself, huge. The pork in it was so delish and every part of the nacho chips got covered in something, unlike some places where all the bottom nachos are left with no cheese or tomatoes or nada.Then the burger...so juicy and the meat was so good! Definitely should share this though because it is filling, not to mention filled with plenty of goodies. They stack on the fries, of course, very generously. I will be back!
3	Good happy hour fare and an OK selection of beer. Not busy at this time,  food served quickly. Don't get the $$ on Yelp, I'd say that applies only to happy hour.
3	had lunch here before heading out to the pool. mama and i split the avocado kale caesar with salmon. it was a really great salad. very light but still filling, even after we shared it. my buddy also ordered some bbq pork skins that were pretty bomb. the place is true to it's name in the pub sense. booths and low top tables and rustic english decor. mama and i came back for the HH after hitting the pool. the HH was pretty abismal as it related to the drinks. we ended up just ordering a couple Old Fashions since nothing on the HH drink menu sounded enticing at all. oh, and please stop offerring Pabst and passing it off as cool to drink a 16oz tall boy.
5	You must order Brisket benedict!! Always makes us happy after a good tasting meal.  Their brunch menu Lobster corndog was amazingly soft and moist. This place never disappoints us. Their coffee was even good. Will definitely be back again next time we r in Vegas.
2	My wife's food was cold. The baked beans were tasteless.   The service was nice and the waiter was friendly and did make sure my wife's meal was redone and hot.
4	Super juicy, fresh dry aged beef, and allllll the fixings. Great beer and whiskey selection. He's def. got the "theme" restaurants down...
5	This is the best pub I've been too to date. 24 beers on tap. Outstanding food and great customer service.  My wife and I had the pretzels and beer cheese for an appetizer.  We then ordered two orders of the brisket sliders. We both died and went to heaven. If I could fit More food in my belly I would. If I could give this place 6 stars I would. OUTSTANDING!!  Ask for Mark the bartender. Great, friendly and knowledgeable service. We will definitely come here every time we r in Vegas.
4	The double smoked double bacon burger was great.  Also the happy hour drinks were really affordable compared to the regular drinks. The best part was our server Hunter had great product knowledge and we appreciated his menu recommendations.
3	For a Michael Mina restaurant, meh. I was not wowed by the food at all, my friends did not like it as much. we had burgers, fried pickles, and the one thing I liked the most were the lobster corn dogs. The beer selection was pretty decent, that definitely is the highlight of this place.
2	Definitely NOT a destination place. Average food--menu sounds great but execution needs work. Here's all you need to know--cheese on nachos was liquid cheese. Ick.
4	Wide selection of draft and bottled beers at the bar. BBQ ribs were outstanding and service attentive and prompt.
4	After eight hours at the pool in the 110 degree heat, I thought burgers were a good way to end they night. I was right! I tried the lobster corn dogs... they were okay. I liked the mustard sauce, but really, considering how they were, and how much they were, they're probably the least value for your money. I would pass on these again. But the BURGERS were VERY TASTY. Everyone liked theirs, and I enjoyed a bite of my friend's salmon burger, too! I opted for the Peanut Butter Crunch burger, which is a burger with bacon jam and chips (read: Ruffles - the only thing on the burger not made in-house, or fresh). Our server told me it was going to be one of the heavier burgers on the menu, but I still managed to finish it rather quickly and cleanly, surprisingly so. It made me want to put chunky peanut butter on all the things... A friend ordered a shake, but it took forever to come out because they said the shake machine was broken and the dude had to do it by hand. It precluded us from getting any desserts, since most included some sort of shake! If I have a burger craving in Vegas, I will definitely come here. We even go to sit at a booth with good people-watching potential. And Vegas is a good place to people watch! (There was definitely a tweaked-out teenager staring at the sign for the Sugar Factory next door...)
4	Just had our wedding dinner here last Friday (3pm)!!!!  They did a great job accomodating our group of about 20. The service was great.  The food was delicious.  We didn't make a reservation.  Didn't have to wait.  It was perfect!!!I ordered the 1842 burger and my husband got the rib eye. The place is comfortable and not too loud.
5	I LOVED this pub! We had lunch here during a conference in May, and honestly I am STILL raving to people about those nachos!I only had water since it was mid conference day, but my friend had a drink and she said it was delish!We sat at the bar, and the female bartender working was good also. She gave us a bit less attention then the guys on the opposit side of the bar from us, but thats basically to be expected. I will be back here for sure next time I'm at MGM. Dont dare get rid of those nachos!
2	Save your dinero, because this place is no bueno. Most of the restaurants at MGM close for lunch, so we were left with a few options, and Pub 1842 was one of them. I thought it would be just fine since I'm accustomed to bar food, and actually love it. Michael Mina, why did you fail me? You left a lot to be desired.First off, there was nobody at the front to seat us (and it's a sit down style restaurant, so you can't just go in and seat yourself.) After a few minutes, someone finally came to help us out. It wasn't busy at all, maybe half a dozen tables at best. We thumbed through the menu and were aghast at the exorbitant prices for bar food. $30 for fish and chips?! Whatever, I was starving so I ordered it anyway. I paired off my entree with a $4 coca cola. The other person at my table had a $15 salad (just seasoned asparagus), which she had the option of adding chicken for $12 more. Needless to say she did not enjoy her meal and was left starving afterward.Here is the rundown of my dish: Two heavily breaded beer battered flakey fillets on a bed of thick cut fries. I did not enjoy the breading at all. It tasted like Larry the Cable Guy's Beer Batter you can buy at the $.99 Cent Store. The fish was fine, and was flakey with no discoloration. I did not like ANY of the dipping sauces I ordered. They were all watery and gross. The tartar sauce tasted like coleslaw, the BBQ sauce was basically spicy water, and the ranch was watery as well. The fish and chips back home at the Fish Enterprise tastes WAY better and it comes with clam chowder and is HALF the price.The one positive thing about Michael Mina's Pub 1842 is the service. Once seated, the staff was very friendly. Besides that one positive, I don't think I will ever be back to this place again.My suggestion to anybody thinking of dining here is to save your $$$ and eat at the food court across from it!
3	Good beer and great nachos. Friendly staff and nice atmosphere. I will definitely be back when I'm at the MGM.
4	Tried their burger, really tasty, fries nice and crispy. I was happy with it along side an ice cold IPA.
2	Food was great but I'm rating the service. My friend and I sat at the bar. The bar staff was very lack luster. The only time they were engaging was when I asked which they should suggest: ribs or chicken and waffles. Other than that,  we were ignored until we had to flag down for a water refill and the check. The only redeeming bartender was this older bartender that actually noticed my water was empty and refilled it without having to be asked.Other than that, I did not enjoy the bar. If the staff was friendlier and more engaging we definitely would have stayed for a second round. Don't sit at the bar. Sit at the tables. I actually was jealous that the servers were more engaging with their guests than the bartenders were.
5	Wow! We dined at Picasso the night before. I didn't think too much about what we would have for lunch the day afterwards. I found this restaurant on yelp and thought it was worth a try. I have been to many Michael Mina restaurants that I have found less than satisfactory. But, this one was the highlight meal of our weekend in Las Vegas. My wife and I ordered the fried BBQ pork skin, fried chicken and waffles and the Champ burger. Everything was absolutely perfectly executed but so over the top.  The best way I could describe the food is as Paula Dean and Thomas Keller had a love child they would have 1842 pub. For example, their take on the bloody Mary was out of this world (house barrel aged bourbon with two slices of crispy bacon). I wished we could have come back for dinner the next day. But, my heart would have stopped beating from part coronary blockage and part pure joy. Go here if you get a chance.
5	My friend and I went on our last night in Vegas. I can't say enough about the excellent service and food. Servers Juan and Miguel were attentive and friendly. The duck spring rolls were fantastic, as was the mac and cheese. We wanted high quality food in a casual environment, and we got exactly that.  Everything we ordered exceeded expectations. I would absolutely recommend this restaurant and will definitely come back next time I'm in town.
5	This is one if my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas! Everything is amazing from the atmosphere to the employees and of course the food! Jaime, the server is very friendly and knowledgable about the menu. Every question I had was quickly answered and every suggestion he made turned out very good. I had the nachos (suggested by Jaime) to start off with which were literally to die for. I never knew nachos could taste so good, but all the ingredients just mix so well.  For my main course I had the heritage burger (I don't like turkey so the generously substituted the turkey for ground beef) the guacamole burger here was the best burger I've ever had hands down. It's the best burger for me Because the sauce they put in the burger and the guac mix so well... And I have a soft spot for guac and spicy food and that burger had the perfect amount of both. I finished with the 3 milkshakes as my dessert also suggested by Jaime, although I am not really a milkshake kind of person they really amazed me they were so delicious! I killed half of my nachos and ate my whole burger so by the time I got to my milkshakes I was so stuffed after a few sips of each milkshake I finally had enough, let's just say it was very difficult walking back to the car. Oh.... And they probably have the best filtered water in town.
3	Interesting place and selection of food located within the MGM Grand. We were seated and greeted right away by out waitress. We ordered our drinks and were told some specialties. I forget what we ordered (sorry) but everything was really good. It wasn't the best place I've ever eaten in but it was OK. The bar is large and they have tables with beer taps in the center so groups can pour their own beer at their leisure. There were TVs all around. There were food runners aside from the waitresses and everyone was very accommodating.
5	A lot of beers on tap and in bottle to choose from. I didn't have the food, but everything I saw others eating looked great. Bartenders were personable, friendly and responsive. Drinks were made very well. A lot of bars on the strip give weak drinks, not here.  Prices may be a bit high, but overall a very good experience. I plan to come back if my travels lead me to MGM again during my trip.  The bar across the way had few beers on tap and didn't seem to have the same personable atmosphere.
3	Michael Mina's take on upscale bar food at the MGM. Their HH pricing allows you to get a good sample of the menu's food and drinks for a discounted price, available 4-7PM daily including holidays!Also, you're able to order from the HH menu TO-GO, which is unheard of elsewhere- and appreciated. LOBSTER GRILLED CHEESE $9; smallish sandwich served with a veritable mountain of seasoned fries. Combining cheese and seafood is always a little dicey in my book but this dish does it well. Sadly, the fries, though plentiful and visibly seasoned, lacked flavor and crisp. They also do not reheat well, consider yourself warned.KOREAN PORK RIBS: $11, four ribs with gochujang glaze served with peanuts and mint. Or they're supposed to. Mine came sad and lonely on a plate with zero presentation. Admittedly I ordered them right before HH ended but presentation should still be consistent and the additional components likely would have made the dish much better. As it was, I wouldn't rush to order them again but did find them to be a bit meatier than expected. Flavor was one-note, sauce seemed to be sriracha-based, wouldn't order again.CINNAMON HARLOT: $7 George Dickel rye whiskey simple syrup, cinnamon. A simple sipping drink, very strong, ordered on the rocks and got a cool boulder of ice in my glass. Not wanting to be plastered after one drink, I asked for it to be diluted with Sprite, which is apparently fairly common. Decent flavor but not something I'd get again.SANGRIA: $8 red red wine, velvet falernum spiced rum, blackberry liqueur, lemon. It's rare for me to find a sangria I don't like, so I really enjoyed this drink much more than the Harlot. Fruity and strong with bold flavors, decent drink size too.Service bumped up the score higher than the product alone- bartender was attentive and friendly, accommodated my HH order for takeout and fixed my drink to my liking. I'd come back for other apps or a burger in the future.
5	Our reservation was just before it got busy. Only had heard of Michael Mina but never had eaten at his places. The service was beyond impeccable. Offered advice. Very responsive. Explained items in detail. The Peanut Butter burger is a must. If normal size eaters, it is probably ok to split entree. Size is appropriate but still large. Would enjoy coming back next Vegas trip. Decor spot on.
5	Be adventurous and get the pbj burger - best thing ever - same with the duck egg rolls. Everything. Was. Amazing.The service here is also impeccable. The manager who greeted us was friendly and made sure we enjoyed our time at the restaurant. We had two servers during the meal who were always friendly, always refilled my water and (since I'm weird and ask for a million lemons) happily brought me a plate full and refilled it when they realized they were gone. The food is also insanely good. Like I said the PBJ burger sounds so strange but hits my top 3 list of burgers. Food was cooked perfectly and brought out hot and well cooked. If I am ever back in Vegas I will definitely be returning.
5	This is one of the best places I've eaten. There was a long line at most of the other nearby restaurants, but we were able to walk right in here. My husband tried the PB&J burger, which he loved (and he's not a huge fan of cheese or peanut butter). He also tried the around the world beer sampler, which was a great deal and had some good variety.Being gluten free, I was surprised at the number of choices I had! I decided on a wedge salad and a baked potato. The salad - amazing! The bacon was like ham - thick and juicy (but tasted like bacon!). And then the potato - best potato of my life. The skin was crisp and salty. Honestly, the skin was better than the inside, which never happens. Between those two things, I had MORE than enough food, and was totally stuffed. I shared both the salad and potato with my husband, and still had leftovers. We'll be back for sure on our next trip.
1	Maybe I had a bad night but my beer was lukewarm, they didn't charge me and the lobster fritters were ok but not worth $17.  What a shame for what looks like a great place.
4	Yes, this place is worth a visit. It's totally pub food, but done right. Stake frites, I haven't had a steak prepared so tender perfect in a casino ever, even out of a casino. Medium rare, Nailed it. And the sauce was seductive. The fries, we all decided they were way over seasoned. Good margarita, good beer selection. Solid service. This place is date friendly. The lobster fritters make a stellar conversational culinary opener.
4	Michael Mina Pub 1842 was so good that we hit it twice on the the same trip. The beer selection was outstanding and our waiter was a fellow craft beer nut so we hit it off well.  All of his recommendations were right on point.  (Thanks Will!)My wife ordered the PB&J burger and we were both blown away by the complexity of the flavors.  It was a crazy experiment gone incredibly right!  I had the BBQ platter and was very satisfied with my meal.My review was lowered by one star due to the prices being a little on the high side.  This is the new Vegas standard and could go for nearly every restaurant in town.Pub 1842 will be on our list of places to hit again when the gambling goes south.  Expensive or not, I would rather have a full gut and a head full of beer than watch my wallet get bled dry in the casino.
2	Poor selection of beers compared to nearby places.  Ordered fish and chips.  $26 for a big pile of fries and 2 small pieces of fish. Won't be back.
5	Crazy yummy brunch menu!  Great place to hang.  Food was awesome, serves quick, and service was top notch!
4	When I was last in Vegas, we stopped in here for a bite to eat. It looked interesting. We were staying in the MGM and it was close. As everything in Vegas, it's a little expensive. It's also very good. The service was slow, even though it was around noon and there was only about two other groups. That is my only complaint. I had the California greens salad. For only having a few ingredients, it was amazing! The flavors were great, while being light and simplistic. My fiance had fish and chips. They were well cooked. I stole a few fries that were very tasty- not too greasy or salty. Another in our group had their burger and said it was also amazing. It looked delicious!I had a delightful glass of port wine as well. I would recommend and will likely go back next time I am in Vegas!
4	This is a nice place to stop in for drinks, especially if you've been to a show or concert here. The hand crafted cocktails are exquisite. Try the mac and cheese it's excellent. I did also tried the lobster corn dogs, they were ok but not worth the price.
3	Not the greatest food or experience. Food: 5/10 - I had the peanut butter and jelly burger which I thought sounded like a winner but in fact it was kinda' boring.  No real taste of Peanut butter or Jelly.Service: 6/10 - Server was missing in action frequently.  When he was around he would make corny jokes. Cleanliness: 9/10  - No problems with cleanliness.  Things were in order.Restrooms: N/A - Didn't visit.Parking: 7/10 - Lots of parking in the MGM parking garage.Overall: 6/10 - There are so many better options in Vegas that this place. If you want a better burger go to Gordon Ramsay BurGR in the Planet Hollywood nearby.   I left the restaurant uninterested and will not likely return.
3	I ate lunch here yesterday with a large group of people.  The waiters were great.  I wasn't a huge fan of the food as I'm not a great fan of BBQ- like food.  The fries were barbecue flavor.  They were ok but I wasn't a fan.  The grand burger was ok and I'm sure other people liked their meal but I was not impressed.  I would probably not return.
4	My tip, try the Adult Milkshake. 16oz glass of ice cream with 1.3 to 2oz of vodka. Plus the food portions are large so don't bother ordering appetizers unless you can really pack it in.
2	The saving grace for this resturant is they had the best beer special. Other than that my husband and I ordered a salad and mac and cheese and both were barley  edible. Truly wish we hadn't wasted our money here.
3	The Peanut Butter Crunch Burger sounds whack-a-doodle but Yelpers rave so I had to try. I was picturing something along the lines of a Thai peanut sauce-esque burger but nope, it's straight up crunchy peanut butter sauce, served with slightly sweet bacon jam & potato chips for that extra crunch. For a burger cooked medium rare it was rather dry and not at all juicy so I was kind of disappointed. It also came with a boatload of fries that was spiced with barbecue flavoring. That was also unexpected. It was just okay for me. Nothing "wow" about it. I guess it did save me a trip to Potato Corner which was on my to-do list of places to check out but ran out of time. $17 for a burger with fries is rather steep but the portions are huge.Also had the Jungle Juice cocktail since it was only $7 at Happy Hour. I was trying to decide between that or the Soda Popinski. Since Jungle Juice was one of the Happy Hour selections that decision was easily made for me. After a long day traversing the Strip it hit the spot. Service was friendly and excellent but the food has to sing and unfortunately it didn't. Overall this place is just A-Okay for me.Happy Hour is Monday-Thursday from 5 to 7pm according to their website but I've seen their HH's vary so don't quote me on that. Select items are discounted so be sure to inquire. Cool place to catch a game on tv as there are several televisions strategically placed throughout the pub so it can get rather loud at times.Located inside the confines of the MGM Grand which is a challenging casino to navigate. This is one casino where bigger is not necessarily better. You will feel like you walked a mile inside this monolith just getting in and out of this place.TIP: Lunch is served only on the weekends, Friday-Sunday from 11:30 am. Dinner only the rest of the week.
3	I came here for a bachelorette party. The food and service was great until we got our bill. The overcharged us $2 on every item we ordered than what they priced on the menu. We told our server and he told us that there was technical issues with the POS. They were able to fix our bill and apologized. We all were satisfied with our meals here. So if you decide to come here, make sure you double check your bill before paying.
4	Shady rolled in to MMP1842 on a nice sunny sunday to watch some sunday NFL and  prep for the Marcos Esquondolas show at the MGM grand. Great place to catch a game, plenty of tvs, and some good food to boot. Shady tore into the BBQ mixed platter, with some ribs, pulled pork and brisket. All hit the spot. Shadys'partner in crime went with a burger and the mac and cheese and Shady didn't hear a word from him for a solid 20 minutes. Shady and crew rolled out after a nice afternoon spent with about 250 Esquondolas fans and made our way in to the arena for the third show in 3 nights. Great spot to pregame prior to shows at MGM.
1	Was told by hostess that the wait for a table even with our reservation was anywhere between 15 minutes to 2 hours. Totally unacceptable.  Decided to not wait. Hostess had a bitchy attitude.  Fire her.
4	The challenge - to find your way through the maze of the MGM to find Michael Mina Pub 1842The reward - delicious food and drinksAfter finally finding our destination of the pub we took a seat and began to ponder the menu.  Everything in Vegas is so expensive and Michael Mina is no exception.  My friend and I decided to split the large featured burger, I think it was called the Champ or some such.  Of course they charge for split entrees.  I am not a huge burger eater and neither is my friend but both of us loved this one.  We both agreed that it was on our lists of top burgers ever eaten.  The fries were also great, seasoned with bbq seasoning and they gave us a huge portion.  The drinks were also good - both cocktails and beer.  I am always happy when a bar gives you plenty of choices for beer and has local options to pick from.  The service was also very good.
3	Went here Friday night and Sunday morning.  We were amazed Friday night.  Very good service, great food, and atmosphere.  We got the ribs and burger.  We thought it was an amazing meal.  Kale slaw and arugula salad.  Sauce on the side.  Really special.  We wanted to come back for every meal.  Awesome place!  However, the "bacon and bacon" description didn't have much bacon...UGH.   Ice teas were $5...OMG!Then we returned Sunday for brunch.  We were told there was a football game and the wait could be anywhere from 15 minutes to 2 hours!  What the hell kinda of answer was that?  We then reserved on Open Table and were told good luck...depends on availability.  It was available on Open Table, wouldn't they honor that?  OMG   We canceled the reservation and went elsewhere.  Very frustrating...UGH.  Don't go here during a game; otherwise, it's amazing any other time.
4	Michael Mina's Pub 1842 is an amazing pub restaurant. The Peanut Butter Crunch burger is AMAZING!!! The bacon jam mixed with potato chips on the burger is just heavenly. I would highly recommend those whose are staying at the MGM hotel & casino to stop by for a bite to eat. The Lobster Corn Dogs are also equally tasteful and delicious. This is one of my favorite restaurants located in the MGM. I have been a regular several times now when staying at MGM.
4	I have seen a bunch of the bad reviews for here. I don't get it.If you are near the MGM and are looking for easy comfort food, this is a great place.It is comfortable, casual and not expensive. And if you are a sports fan, you will be in heaven! There is not a seat in the house that does not have a TV available. And a 99% chance that it will be sports playing if there is something going on!The burgers are awesome, apps are delish, the service is fun. It is definitely a touristy spot, and gets busy. Make a reservation!For us locals, a great spot to go before a show at the MGM.
4	You know, now being a local, people question why we still venture to eat out on The Strip. But when we find spots like this, it reinforces the fact that there are some great and fun places to experience!We had a BLAST here and really enjoyed our meal! The burgers were AWESOME! So meaty, so tender, so full of flavor. Their apps are equally fun and great! The fries are AWESOME!And if you're a sports fan, they got you covered! The place is LINED with TV's in every angle and position you are seated in. Just keep in mind, if you want a spot to eat and talk and hear the conversation, don't go. But, if you want great burgers, sports TV and a GREAT time? GO!Oh and our service was CRAZY fun and awesome!!!
2	When I think Michael Mina I immediately have high expectations and I'm sad to report this fell way below most of them. Didn't really care for the gourmet bar food. I love lobster but the lobster corn dogs fell flat. I drank a moonshine punch as it was a feature cocktail and it was just ok. Nothing says go through the hassle of parking here to return. Best left for the tourists.
4	Oh, no...Chef Mina, why did you remove your delicious Lobster Corn Dogs from your menu? We returned for lunch with high hopes of once again dining on some Lobster Corn Dogs, great Black Angus burgers and knocking back a couple of cold brews.  Instead, we found that the Lobster Rolls have been replaced by Lobster Fritters.Our "crack" service team, Juan and Miguel, assured us that the fritters were a nice change to the menu, popular, and tasted really good. But, we weren't the only ones who asked for the corn dogs. Our slight disappointment quickly changed as we sloshed down our Kronenbourg beers and dug into our perfectly cooked, hand patted, hand crafted 1/2 pound burgers. I ordered the 1842 Burger which was a 1/2 pound of juicy beefiness topped with caramelized onions, mushrooms and truffle aioli. My husband chose The Champ that was a behemoth with smoked Gouda, American cheese (NOT your typical Kraft slice), crisp thick strips of Applewood-smoked bacon, lettuce and special sauce. Both burgers were served between toasted brioche buns in a seemingly bottomless basket of BBQ French fries.  We enjoyed our return dine as it confirmed the versatility or range of Chef Mina's talent.  He is able to take a simple comfort food like hamburger and transform it into a gastropub delight. Pub 1842 is a comfortable dining atmosphere complete with a full bar, a wide selection of global beers on tap and in bottles and multiple flat-screen televisions tuned into various sports events.
5	Very much enjoyed our meals here.  The BBQ French fries are to die for!  Also love the beer taps in the tables.  Genius.  Quick, friendly and delicious!
3	Grrrr....  Went here a second time and lightning did not strike twice.  My burger was overseasoned--tasted like too much pepper.  Husband had the same, says his was fine.  Do get the fries, they are superb!
4	Happy hour is the best hour.One of the few things Chicago lacks is happy hour. So whenever I travel, I make it a point to hit up all the happy hours I can. Must do:-Lobster grilled cheese-Moonshine cocktail-Sliders-The Cuban cocktailThe Moonshine was especially hella strong and worth every discounted penny. Service was prompt and they even advised us a couple minutes before happy hour ended so we could order more drinks, even before we finished ours. I was only a little disappointed that it was so casual and I looked like a weirdo wearing a skirt in a sea of jerseys and flip flops. It is Vegas and most tourists don't know how to look cute like me so I understand.Thanks for looking out, MM!
5	Hands down the best burger I've ever had, and the kale slaw is the bomb. I can't wait until my next vegas trip.
5	Such an amazing dinner! I ordered the filet and let me tell you that it is hands down the best steak I've ever eaten here in Las Vegas. It literally melted in my mouth and was cooked to perfection. My baked potato was super great and had a wonderful cheese sauce! Next time I'm in Vegas I will be back!
3	Ate hear twice both takeout and both times ordered the same thing with different sides.I have only eaten the Peanut Butter Crunch Burger with the first time being way over cooked and the second time super salty. I can see the concept behind this and if done right can be an excellent burger but sadly both times I tried they were ok at best.I've ordered the Lobster Corn Dogs which sounds good but wasn't a fan of and the Homemade Frickles which were good.Down to try PUB 1842 one more time and while the concept and idea sounds good the execution could be a lot better.
4	Great casual bar with AMAZING food. We checked in around 9:30pm and were starving...did some quick research and since we wanted Burgers, this was apparently the place to check out. The restaurant was pretty quiet which made us weary.... but we sat down anyways because we were just so damn hungry!! Michael the bartender greeted us and started up a conversation - great guy, really cool and knows his shit about Vegas!! We ordered 2 burgers, the 1842 and the famous one that won the burger contest (I forget what its called.) Now, its very rare I'd pay $19 for a burger but these (both) were certainly worth it! The 1842 is a hearty angus burger with grilled onions, mushrooms, and truffle oil. TRUFFLE OIL. The burgers come with either salad or fries on the side, and Michael suggested we get one of each and share, as they are pretty large in portion (which was true.) The fries have this "mystery" seasoning that's sweet and DELICIOUS. Its some combination of paprika, garlic/onion salt AND brown sugar. Definitely a place I'd come back to when craving a good ass burger. =)
5	By far best place we ate at in Vegas.   And for a burger joint that says alot!   Great food and service.  Manager very attentive and you can tell he loves his job.  We ordered mac n cheese, Brussel sprouts, wedge salad with thick cut bacon, burger, and two steaks.  Wow wow wow.   Everything rocked!   Definitely coming back for more!
1	I was highly disappointed in the burgers.  For $20 a burger they can at least serve you a fresh hand-made patty.  They were thin and tasteless.  You are paying just for his  name on the place.  I will not be back!
3	I had the BBQ brisket, and it was pretty good.The bartender was a little snotty, but our waiter was awesome.
3	The service was slow. The beer selection was pretty good if pricey.The burgers were good.  They allowed custom orders too.The BBQ fries did not work for any of us and we were starving.  I  love fries, almost any fries, but these were not good.  If I were forced to eat here again I'd try the fat fries or get the BBQ fries without the BBQ salt. Hated it. B
5	Great customer service here both times I went. Both bartenders were on point with asking for refills on drinks, or if I want any food. I had the hummus plate the first time I went, and the BLT the second time. All drinks were made perfectly. Next time I'm in Vegas and want to watch football again, I'll seek this place out.
5	One of the best meals we've had in Vegas and we've been to Vegas almost 60 times. The kale Caesar salad was bonkers, I had the bbq sampler with a pbr, she had fish and chips. Best fish and chips, ever. Brisket was beautiful and the ribs were fall off the bone. She got a Cosmo in a bottle to drink and loved that too. We will be back.
1	Horrible place. We went there for vacation to Las Vegas. Took 30 min to get a drink. Last place in MGM i would recommend going to. Rude.
2	What a disappointment this place was. The drinks were very weak, service was slow and the waiter spent more time flirting than serving food.Tried the brisket expecting am amazing piece of meat, average at best. On par with Famous Daves at double the price.everyone who got the burger raved about it, so stick with the burger
