4	I entered the new Mandarin Oriental hotel and admired the decor, rode the elevator that has a red velvet bench in it up to the Sky Lobby on the 23rd floor, and sought out the Tea Lounge.  Mandarin Bar was to my right, and Twist restaurant to my left...where is the lounge?  The hostess from Twist graciously walked us to the area next to the lobby check-in.  It is unmarked and just has couches and chairs.The view is great - the expanse of City Center is to the left and forward and on the right is a view of Planet Hollywood and Paris.  My group of 6 sat down and got barraged by servers (there is not a shortage of employees here).  We received both cocktail and tea menus.  The cocktail menus were steep (but what do we expect from a high end place?) - from $18-$22 for signature cocktails, plus "spoons" from the bar for $6 each - a la tuna tartare, etc.We opted for tea (post-Raku dinner schmoozing).  A pot is $12 and has about 3 cups worth.  I ordered matcha, and my friends ordered Mandarin Oriental's black mandarin tea, and other friends got white jasmine tea.  Mine came in an opaque pot, while theirs was served in a clear pot where you can see the tea strainer in the middle, atop a clear base with a tea candle underneath.  It came with sugar, cream, and small biscotti.The waitstaff was very attentive, the tea hot, and the biscotti replenished.  The pastries were out for the day (coming from the 3rd floor patisserie that was closed), but they have a cupcake bento that I will try next time!  This is a nice place to go with friends to unwind.  Afternoon high tea is also available.  Give it a go!  (At this time, there is only valet parking available).
4	We tried the Oriental Tea Lounge on a spur of the moment type thing when we were just checking out the Mandarin Oriental and were in awe at the beautiful views that this place out of the City Center trio offered. The $40 Afternoon Tea is what we went for and was easy to share between 2 people. You get a pot of tea plus mini desserts, scones, and yummy marmalades to go with it. What was really impressive was that they had 2 choices of marmalde..PLUS mascarpone. How cool is that?All in all a great experience..this is great place to just relax and get away from all the strip madness and just chat with your pals over some very good quality teas
5	Love it, fabulous service, drop dead beautiful location, absolutely the best food & drink products. Worth every penny.
5	$12 for a pot of tea is killer but the view and the service are amazing. It's a great place to relax and also get some work done. Mandarin Orange Blend - This is one of their signature blends. It's a black tea and will get rather bitter if you leave the tea leaves in. It lacked a bit of fragrance and taste for me but nonetheless, it was a good tea. I think I'll have to opt for a Jasmine Pearl or a Lychee next time. The tea also comes with very delicious biscotti. What I really like about this place is the knowledge they impart to you about the tea. I learned that the water should be a boiling 212F and the tea leaves should be steeped for 3 minutes. I also like that they check on you every so often and they come by to pour your tea if you cup is empty. Again, impeccable service.
4	Great service, cheerful waitresses and prompt service, with a beautiful view. The tea lounge is located on the 23rd floor of the Mandarin Oriental hotel.  Definitely check out the Amore Patisserie downstairs if you like their jams and would like to purchase some ($2 a small jar). Also the place is more expensive than the Four Seasons for afternoon tea.The place has a nice section of tea, comparable to the Four Seasons, however, the teas are more Asian.  There afternoon tea is daily from 3-5p.  I had the decaf Illy coffee this time around and man was it good.  As for the desserts, I personally like their croissants the best with scones coming in at a close second. I thought their Devonshire cream was only ok, but their strawberry was very, very good.  The portions are somewhat small for the prices but nevertheless it is worth it every once in a while.  Unfortunately wifi is not free but I can still sit there a couple of hours on end just admiring the view.   I would definitely recommend going if you have the time to lounge in Sin City.
4	One of the nicest places in Vegas to sit and relax.  The Tea Lounge is a beautiful, peaceful spot for exotic Asian-influenced teas and light desserts such as scones and tea cakes.  I would have liked more privacy between the tables, as the lounge is basically a wide-open space set aside next to the Sky Lobby, but the intent is obviously for all to enjoy to the view.  Highly recommended.
5	Wonderful views, prompt and chipper service, comfortable surroundings and a lovely pot of tea.Barely made it for last call at 10pm, but the server was still very accommodating.  Unfortunately they don't serve pastries after the Patisserie closes, but they still served some biscotti.  Enjoyed a relaxing blend and some great night views.  The open loungy area is good for people watching.
4	My friend and I did the afternoon tea time one beautiful Saturday afternoon. We were sat at the table by the window side. The scones tasted horrible but the sandwiches were pretty good. We even ordered seconds. We took most of our desserts back to our room since we were pretty full. The tea was quite delicious too.Thanks "Cosmo" for a great girl's weekend!
5	Yessss!  High tea (literally!) in Vegas!  A perfect way to wind down after a day of shopping and recovering from the night before, when you're feeling a bit peckish but don't want to stuff yourself because you have a late dinner reservation.  Views are stunning (even better in the bar at night), though that empty lot next to Planet Hollywood is a bit of an eyesore, but I can't blame it on the tea, or the Mandarin Oriental.  I can't believe no one's thought of high tea on the Strip before.
4	This place...in the words of Usher ..."O O O O O My gosh!" Exquisite! This is just the most tranquil place in Las Vegas. Sitting high up on the 23rd floor next to the hotel lobby with a gorgeous view and excellent service! A great place to have some peace and quiet amongst the craziness of Vegas or to have a little chit chat with friends. No drunkards, no cigarette smoke, no tackiness, not a hint of casino-ness. Only pure class.  The tea and the pastries are great as well! The only downer of this place is that there is not much selection. I'll be back for sure!
3	I hate to bring down the overall rating of the Mandarin Oriental Tea Lounge....but I thought it was a bit of a disappointment...I was told how awesome the views were, but actually the views from any guestroom are just as nice.  You can't see all the way down the Strip, just a couple hotels.  The atmosphere is nice in the lobby for tea service, and it's an eclectic mix of folks, but at the same time it's a bit too quiet for Vegas.  Yes it's high tea, but it's not a library.  I was most disappointed by the cupcake flight!  The cupcakes were really small (like I couldn't even cut it in half to share) and they were dry and barely edible.  The tea was probably the best part; I got the green tea and it was some of the best tea I've ever had.If you are a huge tea fan, come here.  But if you are just looking to have a drink or snacks at a hotel bar with a view, try somewhere else!
4	The Tea Lounge is really more an area set to the side of the lobby and in front of the Mandarin Bar.  For some reason, I was expecting to have a more secluded area.  The lobby does not seem to get too noisy as it is small, so I suppose it is not really an issue unless you have a disgruntled hotel employee.Another interesting logistical note is that they do not really advertise their valet parking, so you might drive right by it.  I am not sure how far you would walk if you decided to self park.  Since this is Vegas, valet charge is only a tip anyways, so unless you don't want someone driving your Bentley, then you should be okay.Due to the recession or that it's location is pretty secluded, this place does not seem like it is too busy.  But enough people seem to know about this place, so you probably should get a reservation, especially if you want to sit by the window.  There are only two small (for two) tables and one medium (for four) tables right by the window.  However, you should get a decent view from the rest of the lounge.Basically, you can either just get a tea for $12 that comes with a couple of biscottis a person or you can go crazy and get the $35-40 sets that have several fancy bites.  Unlike the SLS in LA, everything comes out all at once.  I did not order the set, so I cannot comment on the taste, but I am sure it is just fine.The teas are of good quality, though I actually thought that the bottom of the kettle got a bit coarse for both the Puh Er and the Jasmine.  I guess I should have swirled it before I poured.  Tsk, tsk.Service is top notch and very delicate.  The staff were all very lovely and well trained.  I was caught off guard since I haven't had decent service anyway in a while.  I had forgotten what it was like to be treated well.Also, note that though it says high tea is served at 2:30, if you are not getting the special sets, you can just order tea or whatever if it just after lunch or you are early as I was.In sum, if you love tea, have good company or would like some quiet time to chill and indulge yourself (I did see a solo tea drinker and she seemed to be having a nice relaxing time chilling out by herself), then this is your place.
3	VERY uncomfy window seats, uncomfy couch. Too quiet, scones and cream was horrendous. Finger sandwiches and pastries were decent. OK selection of teas (no Darjeeling), good service and all you can eat.Worth a try if you haven't had high tea, otherwise high tea at Bellagio is alot better.
5	luv luv luv this place... best view... service is excellent... best of all???it's all you can eat !!! can't beat that anywhere... you gotta do the afternoon tea... try any of the floral and fruit teas... most excellent !!
3	Beautiful spot for an afternoon tea. But the tea could be much better. When I asked where it was from they said Canada. Seems strange to get tea from Canada Mandarin can do better. I love the view its a great spot to have a tea and the finger sandwiches were excellent.
4	Very relaxing.  $12/pot to relax and enjoy the view?  Perfect!  and the tea was quite good.
3	The Skinny: pretty good afternoon tea despite the issues with reservations, uncomfortable seating arrangements and the lack of tea in the tea pot (3.5) service - excellent (5) value: not bad for afternoon tea, except I've had better for less (3).I booked the tea lounge reservation for a little bit of post-spa relaxation after a little bachelorette get together.For those who don't know, high tea is a British tradition where you have a nice tuck-in during the early afternoon and have a lighter dinner later in the evening. There is nothing quite like sipping some tea, nibbling on some treats while contemplating the vicissitudes of life with friends. This is the ultimate luxury on a lazy afternoon.I have to say, I'm a little disappointed in the reservation system they have here at the Tea Lounge. For a reservation for 8 - it took 2 days to hear back from reservations for the tea lounge in addition to requiring a faxed form with my signature and credit card. I think the faxed form was a little excessive given that we've reserved more expensive meals in the past without this requirement (just a credit card number over the phone was sufficient).Enough griping - onto the afternoon tea experience. Service was excellent - warm, efficient but not too overwhelming.Our table was set for us and our seats consisted of a long couch and some cushioned chairs. This arrangement was a little uncomfortable due to the height of the table. For those sitting on the couch, the table was a little too high while being too low for those in chairs.We all ordered the afternoon tea set which cost $40. This is basically an all can eat affair - so feel free to indulge.When the tea arrived, I was disappointed that I couldn't see the herbal leaves in the transparent pot. That's kind of a no-no when it comes to a nice cup of tea. Overall, I felt the herbal tea could have steeped a little longer. It was nice that the pots had a small burner underneath to keep the tea warm though.The sandwiches were hit or miss. There was a ham sandwich, a curry chicken sandwich and a smoked salmon sandwich. While the ham and salmon were alright, the curry chicken salad sandwich was full of flavour.The scones came fresh from the oven and piping hot - as they ought to be. Texturally, they were a little on the dry side for my tastes. However this can be easily overlooked with the addition of devonshire cream and lovely preserves (the fig jam is outstanding). If you want more, you'll have to let your server know in advance because they have to bake them fresh from the oven each time.Finally, the sweets. The chocolate cake was luxurious without being too sweet. The berry tart painted with a golden glaze was a nice light touch to the end of the meal. The madelines were lovely and the chocolates divine.If you've never experienced high tea before, then you're certainly in for a treat. If you already love high tea, this place may be a bit of a disappointment if you take into account how they make their tea, their seating arrangements and the hassle to book the lounge if you're in a large group. 3.5 starred review.
2	Great view, tasty food, bad service, mediocre tea.  Waitress was confused and couldn't get our order right.   Tea was weak, and not served hot.  I  didn't send it back because the poor waitress seemed so overwhelmed I didn't want to stress her anymore.  Instead, I enjoyed the view and the company.  But definitely did not get our money's worth.  They were out of scones, so they finally  arrived after the rest of the food.  Wrong tea was served.  An ordered cocktail wasn't delivered.  On the plus side, the beno box was beautiful to behold
2	View - 4Food - 4Service - 1Tea - COLDI booked ahead of time and we were sat at a prime table right by the window so we could enjoy the view. A complete tea (tea, sandwiches, scones and pastries) runs $40/pp but....it includes all you can eat! Not that one intends to stuff oneself with scones, buts its nice to know that you can have another mini sandwich if you're still hungry. My sister tried the cupcake bento box and she liked it. My friend and I also tried some tea cocktails, pricy but good :) All in all, the food was very tasty and the tea would have been good if the water was hot. It wasn't. Also, our server was very confused at all times and mixed up/forgot many of our teas and tea cocktails. I was shocked to receive such poor service at a place like this. It seemed as though she had no idea what we ordered and who ordered what...the chaos was unsettling. Things arrived haphazardly and were piled on our table. I am not sure I would return, but I will miss the yummy ham and horseradish sandwiches. I do not think we got our money's work and I also hate when I actually feel bad for my server and neglect to make a simple request to make their life easier. That's how stressed out she was.
4	If you consider yourself to be a person of leisure you need to acquaint yourself with the ritual of afternoon tea. Specifically English High Tea. I was staying at the Mandarin Oriental and figured the tea lounge was a special feature of the hotel and I do love me some devonshire cream.It was pretty crowded and I didn't have a reservation but was seated at a side table. (I think you have a reservation you are a higher priority for the window seats with the view from the 23rd Floor)I chose some holiday themed tea that had a cider in it and then they brought the scones/sandwiches and desserts on a tired tray. Everything was tiny and cute and DELICIOUS. I read from another Yelper that you can ask for extras this would be my only gripe NO ONE TOLD ME-I would have loved another scone. It was delicious, dignified and more or less out of control.
5	You don't usually think "high tea" when you think of Vegas. You think of showgirls, slot machines & douchbags (at least I do), but since experiencing Mandarin Oriental's Tea Lounge on the 23rd floor of the hotel, Vegas to me now means an afternoon of finger sandwiches & pots of tea. $40 per person buys you a comfy couch with a to-die-for view of The Strip, four finger sandwiches, your own pot of tea, two scones, five mini desserts & this strawberry-chocolate preserve that I could have drank like water. Portions are deceptively petite; you will leave stuffed (especially if you take advantage of their "want seconds? have it!" policy.)Service was phenomenal; so polite & refined & demure. Sidenotes:1) Comedian Louie Anderson was having high tea there. If it's good enough for him, surely it's good enough for you.2) I ordered a lychee green tea, which was light & refreshing but my companion's "Nutcracker" tea (black with hazelnut & vanilla flavors) was so bold, sweet & delicious--I highly recommend it if you like sweet instead of floral.3) Everything was delicious. It wasn't just about presentation here (unlike other high tea joints); the tiny bites were exceptionally tasty.
5	No, they don't have Darjeeling tea, but you know what, am I going to dock off some points off of a restaurant review because my dish didn't come with gold flakes on top?  Please, grow up..But actually, you know what would've been great though?  This doesn't factor into my review, but although I love the view of the south end of the strip, I wish the Mandarin Oriental had built its tea lounge to face the west instead of the north.  That way, during afternoon tea, people could watch the sunset.  Just my fantasy :D oh well.Mandarin Oriental, as you should know, is renowned for their Asian-inspired service.  When I visited, it was nothing short of what I expected.  In fact, it was nothing short of what I expect EVERY time I've been there.Let me tell you, Tea Station, one of the biggest chains of Asian tea, is right up the street.  A drink there costs around $3-6.  At MO, a pot is $12.  A pot is meant to be shared.  Trust me, MO is not known to skip out on quality.  Walk into their bathroom nearby, and you'll see; it's the best bathrooms on the strip.Anyways, the tea was great.  Except for the matcha- I have now established that I hate pure matcha green tea.  They also have condiments upon request, like sugar (cubed or powdered), honey (in tiny jars), milk, and other stuff.  We ordered a bunch of scones and pastries one time, and they were all great.One evening actually, one of the workers told us that the sandwiches were replaced every hour, so if they're not eaten or ordered, they're just going to be thrown away, only to be replaced by a freshly made batch.  Luckily, we came in during the last 30 minutes of the lounge.  We got A LOT of sandwiches and other goodies.. for free.It helps when you're nice to people.  And when you don't act like a stuck-up tourist thinking that you'd be treated like kings.I mean, yes, you will be, but it makes all the difference between receiving amazing service that goes over the top, or a confused waitress who doesn't know what she's doing.Oh and by the way, someone earlier complained about it being too quiet.  That place is GREAT for business meetings and for people to just relax.  Omfg, it's TEA.  You want a lively atmosphere with drinks?  We got plenty- go to Diablos, the Freakin' Frog on the east side, or better yet, Hooters.
4	Was a delightful experiences... I am glad that I didn't acknowledge the dissatisfied reviews that I read... It was relaxing to view the strip from the 23rd floor of the Mandarin Oriental Hotel... I can imagine what it would look like on a clear and beautiful day or night... Today a friend I enjoyed Classic English Afternoon Tea... Reminded me of when I was younger... It consist of freshly brewed loose leaf tea of our choice... I had the Jasmin Green Tea oolong - (it smelled divine )... I can't remember what my friend had but it had a really sweet smell... Our selection of mini treats and sandwiches were as follow: Salmon cucumber & watercress spread - This was my favorite and I don't eat fishEgg salad chives served on brioche - Ok a litt bitterCurried chicken salad sandwich - Had a lil bit to itBlack Forest ham & horseradish cream - Didn't really care for - don't like ham... but it was tastyFresh baked scones,w/ Devonshire cream, chocolate strawberry preserve and a berry preserveChocolate & Passionfruit Delice - very good72% Chocolate Layer Cake - was a little richAlmond Flourless Chocolate Cake - my favoriteMocha Opera Gateau - very goodThe serve was a little slow getting to us to take our order, but once she had taken our order and severed us, she made sure to check on us periodically... The experience was one I would like to experience again and I recommend it to everyone... For some 40.00 a person may seem a lot but I actually think it was a steal... I really enjoyed it...The hotel decor was very simple and tasteful - valet was the best I have encountered in awhile...
4	Really lovely place!  I kind of felt like I was going to this really fancy and secret place...It's definitely fancy...but I think more people are finding out about this hidden gem.  My mom and I read an article in Seven magazine about it....decided to give it a try.  Really elegant, amazing decor, wonderful, 1st class service, and tasty treats.  We ordered the afternoon tea...which normally only serves 1 person but they allowed us to split it.  It comes with 3 different plates with mini treats on each.  The first plate we had were the warm scones with fresh made blueberry jam and also strawberry/chocolate jam.  Hands down...my favorite treat of the day!  Second plate were the afternoon tea sandwiches: chicken curry, ham with horseradish sauce, smoked salmon with cucumber and egg salad.  They were okay...some of the bread seemed a little stale.  Lastly, we had the desert plate.  I can't remember all of the treats on the plate but they were all pretty good.  And of course the tea was good.Without a doubt....this is some of the best service I've ever had in Las Vegas!  Our waitress was so elegant and attentive.  Never made us feel out of place.  The environment is very thoughtful and well designed.  Very peaceful...if you couldn't see the strip, you might forget you were in Las Vegas!  However, the tea room has a beautiful view of the strip!  We ended up parking at Aria in self park...It's a very short walk over to the Mandarian Oriental.  However, you can use their valet.  As with all Vegas valets...it's complimentary (with a tip!).I plan on going again...it'd be a great place to meet up with girlfriends, and my husband wants to try it....However, on my second visit I will only have tea and scones.  Wonderful combo!
5	A perfect respite from the crazies of Las Vegas. A quiet, small, library-like understated elegant atmosphere with 100% real class and customer service. Here, they treat you like you are moneyed, even if you are not. That is the hallmark of good, old school service.The best $60 I've ever spent on champagne, afternoon tea, good conversation and a lovely view. Perfect baby portions of delicate treats and never-ending tea pot refills. I tried the Mandarin tea mix and was pleasantly surprised with the subtle hint of orange spice. Not too overpowering. Watch out for the wasabi peanuts. Come here just before sunset to watch the Strip neon lights wake up.The bathroom has a killer view as well and tiny, entertaining TVs built into the mirrors advertising their hotel & spa. Frankly, if the spa service is anything like their afternoon tea, that's going to be my next review!
4	Came here with some girl friends during a trip to Vegas. LOVED it! It's a nice break from all the noise. The tea was quite great - perfect temperature, great taste. The only thing I didn't care for....having to continuously flag down the wait staff. I'm usually an understanding person when a restaurant's busy BUT there was plenty of staff around to help :/Two Warnings/Tip: 1. Make reservations (they get busy on the weekends)2. If everyone at the table orders the "afternoon tea set" you can get a second helping of sandwiches and tea :)Highly recommended :)
4	the Mandarin Oriental never disappoints, and the interior decoration of this Sin City location lives up to the generally chic luxe feel of the chain.The tea lounge was elegantly appointed (no Vegas garishness here), and was situated in a section adjoining the lobby of the 23rd floor. It's not in its own room and sits outside the Mandarin Bar.It was a perfect afternoon break with the gals during a frenetic Vegas trip.I got the afternoon tea set and the sandwiches were very good, as were the petit fours. A bit disappointed by the scone as it was quite light and soft, but it was plain and without flavor. On the other hand, some people may prefer that traditional version. The devonshire cream and jams served with the tea set were delicious and fresh tasting.So as you can tell, there were many pros! The tea was also quite good and elegantly presented in glass teapots on votive warmers.Cons?- $$$$- your entire party needs to order the afternoon tea in order to receive seconds. I've never had this issue at other teahouses before, so was surprised that they had this policy. -1 star for being stingy at such a high price point.
4	This place is awesome! We had the green tea with scones. It was delicious. If there was one thing I could criticize, it would be the price. One pot of tea with scones ran me 26.00. It was a bit pricy but delicious non the less. There is a nice partial view of the strip as well.
4	We went here for afternoon tea because I am a huuuuge fan of afternoon tea! It is from 2:30-5pm. It's a lounge on the 23rd floor with huge glass walls so you can see the strip. We sat right by the window. For $40 you get a pot of tea of your choice, 5 sandwiches, 2 scones and a plate of petite desserts. We were a little hungry after finishing but we found out you can get a second round! It made the $40 much more acceptable! The scones are more like little biscuits. They come out a lightly crisped on the outside but super warm and moist on the inside - not like scones I am used to. The clotted cream is oh so yummy! All of the sandwhiches were good but not great. I prefer the sandwiches at St. Regis. But we were still very happy with everything. Just a note, it's VERY quiet in there. The service is good, the ladies were very sweet.
4	I can drink tea anytime of the day and feel there aren't enough places that have quality tea let alone have a setting to sit and enjoy tea.I didn't notice til later that the pots are Teavana, but I thought in my head that a few sounds like some I have had from there. They probably are special blends for Mandarin since looking the names up popped up empty. The pu-erh is decent, but it's an earth based tea that isn't for everyone. The service was friendly and unobtrusive in passing by to pour tea.I try French macarons at every venue possible and excited to find that they are served here. Ggreen tea macaron ,I must! Though it was a well made macaron (a sad rarity of LV), I don't think it's worth going up there to get $2 smallish ones when the craving hits. If I'm here for tea, yes, but I rather take home palm sized Bouchon ones. Still, I'm happy to find one other place with decent macarons.  This isn't perfect a venue, but I get that this isn't a tea town. Stowing it into a lobbys excess space makes sense though it could use a little bit more partition. The decor felt upscale enough, but could use a bit more comfort in the padding. Tea is meant for relaxation, but it definitely was a bit library so don't come here to do private talk since you'll probably be heard. After a night of partying, a busy relay at the buffets or just tired feet needing a break somewhere, this is a good place to take in a view and sip peace of mind.
5	5 stars for the AMAZING view. Located just off the 23rd floor lobby, this was a relaxing and peaceful setting to enjoy a mid-afternoon glass of pinot grigio paired with some cupcakes. Wine was fantastic - cupcakes would've tasted better if they didn't cost $22 for 4 minis! Would love to come back to do the whole afternoon tea set but will have to do so with girlfriends - the hubby's Y chromosome causes him to run for cover at the mention of tea cups and scones. We just dropped in and managed to get seated on the last available couch so I would definitely recommend doing reservations as well. If anything, it's worth a ride up the elevator to get a quiet glimpse of crazy Vegas.
5	I love this place. When you need a nice, cozy, little spot to get away and meditate over the sweeping scenes of the strip this definitely is the place to be. I enjoy taking guests here when we need to play catch up and they need a spot to hide from the strip's hustle n bustle. A little pricy for a tea but well worth it when you need some quiet time. And besides, it's in the Mandarin I expect to come outta the pocket a little when I visit any of these upscale environments.I almost wish there was some sort of quaint little stream or water fountain flowing straight through the middle of the lobby of the hotel and into the lounge just to complete the zen effect I feel going on here. Heh, wishful thinking on my part. But hey, you won't find any belligerent daiquiri-wielding drunkards and spring break revelers here. Its just you, your tea and if you want little bites of (decent) pastries. Upon my last visit, me and my then gf's mom visited and we were somewhat disappointed that the main tea room/lounge was full but the bar had just opened up so our hostess offered to seat us at the bar next door with views just as pretty as the tea lounge! Score!
5	Beautiful! A hidden gem. I would never have known about this place if I hadn't seen a photo in Food & Wine magazine. We visited the Tea Lounge and enjoyed a stunning view of the Vegas strip. They have a large selection of loose leaf teas organized by calming, rejuvenating, healing properties, etc.  The tea is brewed for you and served in a personal teapot perched atop a candle warmer. Lemon and honey are served along with various sugars. We ordered pastries to accompany our teas: a German chocolate cupcake, red velvet cupcake, and scones & jam. The tea was purifying, the treats delightful, and the service professional and polite. The hotel decor is so artistic and simple. I found myself taking numerous photos of the lobby wall, our coffee table, the ottomans, etc. We enjoyed every minute. note: we ordered off the a la carte menu, but during 2:30-5:00 you can participate in English tea service with miniature pastries, tea sandwiches for $40.
5	Our first visit to the Tea Lounge was on a brisk February day in 2010. It was serendipity at the time to have found this because we would not have known it was there except for the valet telling us not to miss it and directing us to the 23rd floor. Nice guy to have clued us in because my hubby and I both considered it one of the highlights of that trip. (Another - the Chihuly Exhibit at City Center. Another, tapas at Firefly. Still another, a day at Red Rocks Canyon National Rec Center.) The serenity started the moment we walked into the Tea Lounge. The aroma of tea wafted through the lovely room and we were escorted by a beautiful young woman, one of the servers, dressed in the black skirt and white blouse of the staff, to a table by the window for a view of the hustle and bustle below. At roughly noon on a weekday there were probably only about six people in the lounge. For about $12 we shared a pot of perfectly brewed tea, with two complementary biscotti, and marveled at the number of people scurrying on the streets below us. Enveloped in the peace of the tea room I asked my hubby, "Do you suppose this is what God feels like?" Unfortunately, we are going back to Las Vegas next month. I say unfortunately because it is not a city I like very much and yet I have been there seven times, eight with the upcoming trip, in the last sixteen years. What one does to maintain marital harmony! On this trip we will be meeting some of hubby's New York cousins and one of my cousins in law is looking forward to being in LV even less than am I. I'll take her to the tea room one day. That should make her feel better. Maybe even for high tea service, which starts about 2:30 I think and goes to 5:30. Even at $40 / head for the high tea, it seems like entertainment and sustenance all in one that is a lot bigger bang for the buck than some other LV experiences I can think of. I hope we can get a window seat this time. But looks like the secret is out about this peaceful oasis from LV chaos and tea reservations might be needed.
4	Quiet elegance and incredible service with an outstanding view.  Located just off of the 23rd floor "sky lobby" check-in desk, the Tea Lounge looks out the north side of the tower over Crystals and the Boulevard.  Servers were dressed in gold jackets and attended with the best blend of friendliness and courtesy.  Tea is served after brewing at 200F and kept piping hot over a candle.  Gold-trimmed china cups & saucers are placed on the table as well as a plate for biscotti and a small pitcher of cream.  The Mandarin Oriental blend was delicious (similar to Darjeeling but with more citrus notes).  A great place to relax and, quite literally, be above it all.
3	This is a review of the afternoon tea service - this time with only 2 people instead of 6 the last time.The Skinny: Although a beautiful view, the uncomfortable seating, misses with the food and tea made this place a (3) Service: a little on the slow side, the service was only so-so (3), Value: now only 1 refill of the petit fours, scones and sammys... boo! (3)After a lazy Sunday morning, I decided to treat the hubby to a relaxing afternoon tea at 3 pm. When you're making reservations for 2 people, it's relatively a breeze with Opentable.com compared to my large group experience.There are very few places that serve afternoon tea on the Strip. The Mandarin Oriental gets bonus points because it may be the only one on the Strip that offers spectacular views, operates every day of the week AND won't leave you smelling like you've been cavorting around the casino all day (ie, not smokey!).For our little tete-a-tete, we both ordered the classic afternoon tea set ($40 per person, choice of loose leaf tea, 1 refill each of scones, sandwiches, and petit fours). After being spoiled by the Pennisula in Chicago, their tea service is okay in my books. Pet peeve - I didn't like the fact that their loose leaf tea was served without tea leaves in the teapot. And while my jasmine white pearl tea was quite nice, the matcha tea was overly mild and lacked flavour.There were some issues with the food. The sandwiches had quite nice fillings especially the curried chicken sandwiches (admittedly the ham sammys were a little on the unoriginal side). Unfortunately, the bread was a little too dry which detracted from the overall experience. Scones, served appropriately warm, were a little too mushy on the inside while the devonshire cream lacked that buttery, custardy aroma. The homemade preserves of blueberry and mixed berry were ho-hum and didn't offer something exciting (the fig jam at the previous event was much more intriguing and delicious!).Finally, the petit fours tray. The only dessert I wouldn't have minded a second taste was the almond/marzipan macaroon. Slightly chewy, the almond paste really knocked that cookie out of the park for me. The opera cake chocolate ganache tart and matcha financier were texturally a little dry. The chocolate/caramel tart was overly sweet.The service, considering how much you are paying for an afternoon tea here, was okay but not spectacular. Our server took a long time to bring out our tea and didn't refill our glasses of water. She also forgot to bring out refills of our condiments.Overall, despite it's shortcomings, it was a pleasant afternoon experience and deserves a 3-starred review.
3	Gorgeous atmosphere and view. Really great service. About $40/each. Make reservations!!!The food is ok, the desserts were not on par for the price. The sandwiches were really tasty although the ham sandwich was a little heavy. The egg salad was the best one. For all, the bread was a little hard and slightly dry. The best things here are the scones! They are extremely buttery and delicious!! The strawberry jam was the best of the three. Usually I prefer my Devonshire cream a little lighter, this one was more buttery.Remember to ask for seconds (you get seconds of everything if you want). Especially of the scones!Tea-wise: the tea was OK, the white tea (jasmine pearl) was the best- it is a flowery white tea, delicate in flavor, but rich in aroma. The green teas were decent, the lychee tea was the best of the three. If you prefer milk and sugar in your tea (English style) I would try some other kind of tea since most Asian teas are not made to be served that way.
4	So good.  Seriously good.  If you want to treat yourself like British royalty, join the MO Tea Lounge for High Tea.  The cucumber sandwiches are tasty, the service is impeccable, the Oolong is divine, and the afternoon view is the best in town!
4	More of a 3.5 stars. Got the classic english afternoon tea with the bestie when she was in town. $40/person The food's alright, but nothing to write home about. I have to agree that the seats are kinda uncomfortable.  I would definitely go again though. It was fun.  Definitely get Osmanthus Oolong though. It was one of the best tea I've ever had!
3	Great view of the strip, nice ambiance....Came here for my girl's bachelorette party.  Cute idea if you're looking for something to do in the afternoon with a bunch of your gal pals.  Otherwise, why would anyone have a tea party in Vegas? hahaClassic English Afternoon tea for around $40 bucks.   This includes a pot of tea, a plate of mini sandwiches, scones, and desserts.  Each girl could choose her own tea and I believe you can choose a second tea after?  I can't remember so make sure you ask.  Also you can get seconds of everything, but nothing more (of course I asked!).  I liked the Jasmine pearl and lychee tea.  Sandwiches were good but the desserts and scones were eh tasting.   Our service was nice but they seemed kind of slow sometimes and non existent when we needed someone.They also have a Vegan menu you can ask about ahead of time.The ambiance isn't that typical cutesy tea party room with doilies and hats, but very modern with a clean, calming atmosphere.  There's a great panoramic view of the strip, most of the tables were near the windows so that was nice.  I don't know if this was worth 40 bucks to me, especially since I"ve been to tea lounges in SD and London for less with tastier treats.  But it is Vegas, the view is fabulous, atmosphere is nice and it's cool they have this offered if you feel like having some tea and snacks.  Pinkies up!
3	Gorgeous view, gorgeous interior. Despite this, don't expect much of the afternoon high tea. That's especially if you've had high tea in Britain or Hong Kong. The space itself is very tiny--immediately adjacent the check-in desk, with only a slatted decorative piece separating the two spaces. As a result, the din of the check-in lobby easily floats into the tea lounge. Though the noise might not be jarring, it does become distracting when large waves of groups start checking in... Not the most gentile environment for a serene cup of tea.  The lounge ambiance, apart from the odd placement, was very pleasant. The service was charmingly hospitable. The culinary presentation, top notch. The tea, decent. The sandwiches, sparse and bland. The scones, still in the oven when the rest of our fare had arrived :-/ but well worth the extra wait. All in all, go for the ambiance, service and experience. But foodies, don't get your hopes up.It's tiny and table choices are thin. So I'd advise booking a table for a party of 4 or more, just to be safe.
4	The Mandarin Oriental is part of the City Center Complex that opened in 2009 on the center of the Las Vegas strip.  It offers a five star level of service with a style that seamlessly blends oriental and modern style into a sophisticated yet relaxed environment.j  Red and gold flairs throughout a minimalist scheme.As a fan of afternoon high tea (tea, dessert, and light sandwiches?  Sure, why not?), my curiosity was piqued to check out a different style than what I have had in Vegas.  This follows my disturbingly disappointing experience at Bellagio, the dreamy experience of Four Seasons, (and many others prior to that outside of Vegas such as Grand Floridian in Walt Disney World, three other Four Seasons, Alice's Tea Cup in NYC, Savannah Tea Room, etc, etc...) First thing's first: The view is dynamic.  You must MUST have reservations as there are three different tables next to the window to offer the best view.  The rest of the tables aren't far but don't offer what these three do.Second: The service was excellent.  I only had to nod at a server to have them glide over with a smile and check on the state of our meal.  The young ladies were charming - deceptively.  They were on the ball, making sure everyone was taken care of while making the whole practice seem effortless.  They knew plenty about the Mandarin Oriental, the teas they were offering, as well as their competition.  The Conversation was friendly and not to mention they offered complimentary refills on pastries and other sandwiches.  SCORE.Now, the food: The only reason I didn't reward a 5th star was because while this tea was excellent the food was very good but not EXCELLENT.  The sandwiches were delicious but the pastries didn't quite hit a home run for me.  A little too sweet and didn't contrast well with the tea I was drinking - I wish I was drinking something a little more muted and less sweet.  Next time I'm going to drink a heavier, more traditional tea to compliment the sweet factor of my meal.  ***This place is currently 2nd on my list of Afternoon Tea's to enjoy in Vegas and within the top ten in the country.  I recommend this over the Bellagio Tea and if you have any questions as to why, please check out my review of that location. ***
5	The most civilized location on The Strip.
4	To be fair, I'd give it a 3.5.  A four star would mean I'm a repeat customer.  A three star means it was average.  I'm somewhere in between.Hits:-The view is stellar.  I called ahead to reserve a table by the window for the best view.  When we arrived, we were not disappointed.  This was a treat for my sister's birthday.  And she loved it.-The food.  Some reviewers say that the food is average. I thought it was above average.  I loved the ham sandwich, and the curried chicken sandwich, the scones were warm and buttery, the jam and marmalade were heavenly.  The sweet potato tart was good.  The chocolate bon bon and cake was just okay.  There is room for improvement, but it was better than average.-The design.  I loved the rug, the chairs, the tables, the drift wood chandelier.  Gorgeous pieces here.  Classy and refined, not too girly.Minuses-The tea.  My Earl Grey wasn't as robust as I usually like.  And although it was brewed at the right temperature, it cooled too fast upon pouring.-My server was the worst.  I looked around at all the other tables and noticed everyone else's server was great.  But mine was just checked out.  She didn't take our order for like 8 minutes.  And she never came back to check on us.  We had to flag down the other servers for help.  I was shocked.  I'm used to the most excellent service at MO, but man, she was not living up to the reputation.For $40 pp, it's steep for tea service. (pun totally intended.)  And you can find better tea and food elsewhere.  But for a special occasion, I think many people would enjoy this.
5	Favorite place to hangout! Drinks are pricey though.
4	First off, I am a HUGE high tea/tea fan.  On vacations or at home, my Husband and I like to spend an afternoon having good conversation over tea and scones.  I know it sounds silly, but it's my thing - what can I say.  After doing some pre-trip research, I learned that the Mandarin Oriental does high tea and also has a tea lounge.  Since we didn't really want to plan our whole trip out, I figured we would stop in at some point in our three days and get some tea, and that's exactly what happened.  Though we didn't have a reservation, we were seated quickly around 3pm.  At first a table by the window wasn't open, but right after we sat down the couple by the window left, so we asked to move to the better location and were graciously accommodated!The Hubs and I shared the Mandarin Oriental tea and scones (since we just wanted a light bite).  The tea was light and delicious, as were the scones.  The scones were served warm and were so buttery.  Loved the ginger jam it came with along with the cream.  The view is the real treat for sure.  I could sit on that 23rd floor all day having tea.  It was a very nice afternoon retreat.  I hope to go back soon for the full afternoon tea experience!
5	I've never done high tea, and this was a great experiences. Make a reservation for a window seat and make decisions on life that will make and break your next several years. Its a very reflective time and the hustle and bustle of vegas below is very soothing in a strange way.  Very relaxing and opens your eyes to a unique perspective.  Had the Mandarin Oriental blend, which was very good.  I had eaten a burger for lunch about 2 hours earlier so I opted for the dessert bento. Very large selection and great chocolate decadence, finished maybe 1/3 of that but it was really good. Service was spot on as well.
4	This is a beautiful lounge with an amazing view and excellent service.  The tea is quality and well presented.  There is also a nice cocktail selection.  I haven't tried the food.  It is, however, a bit pricey.  I understand that it caters to a higher level clientele, but if the prices were a tad more reasonable, I'd return far more often (and award it with 5 stars).
4	I had high tea at MO Tea Lounge this past weekend and had an overall nice experience.  You just simply proceed to the 23rd floor sky lobby and the tea room is right next to the check in counter.  The views by the window are simply breathtaking, although lack of wow factor.  The service are on the level of a true 5 stars experience - friendly, knowledgeable about their products yet professional, which is rare in Vegas hospitality industries.  I was pleased to see this level of service in Vegas.  I give 4 stars because the service is 5 stars, however the food is 3 stars, thus 4 stars rating on average.The high tea comes with choice extensive choices of tea and 3 trays of tea pastries (top layer of tea pastries, middle layer scones, and bottom layer with tea sandwiches).   The bottom try sandwich came with Salmon cucumber, Chicken curry, black forest ham, egg salad sandwich.  I was quite underwhelmed with the taste of the sandwhich.  The breads were dry and it taste is either too salty or no taste at all.   Black forest ham was the best of all but still not remarkable. The scones in the middle are the best along with their strawberry ruhburb jam.  Their desserts were disappointing, too.  The macaroon looks nice but the taste (Vanilla & Strawberry) did not impress me at all.  It was just pure sweet, their chocolates were quite average too. Lemon lavender cake was really sweet, I guess that can go with the tea well.  My favorite was the pistacho mousse with strawberry jam, but still that was very sweet at all.  For the name of the MO high tea, they still have quite some way to go.  There is no comparison to their sister property, MO Bangkok High tea.I am also sad to see that they will discontinue with the refill service with their high tea.  Next time when having high tea in Vegas, I will venture out to different options.
3	My friends and I thought we'd do something different while we were in Vegas and booked a reservation for tea the afternoon before we headed back to reality. Kind of a wind down activity. The Mandarin Oriental is beautiful. The afternoon tea is set up in the lounge/waiting area next to the registration table. We were pleased to get a table by the windows. The views were nice but the space wasn't the cozy and intimate tea experience that I was accustomed to. Sandwiches: Egg, Black Forest Ham, Salmon/Cucumber, and Curried Chicken. My friend asked for the Salmon/Cucumber w/o the Salmon and they were able to accomodate since they had some premade for vegetarians. They weren't able to remove the cucumber from the Salmon (my preference). Scones + jams were delicious. Enjoyed the Strawberry Rhubarb jam quite a bit. Lots of chocolates which were rich and diverse in selection.Tea was good. Service was good, though can't call it warm.
2	Las Vegas is known for The Strip, several miles of massive resort casinos that will do just about anything to catch a visitor's attention.  City Center complex is no exception.This ultra modern, sleek design mixed use area is home to the Mandarin Oriental hotel.  Upon entering the MO, guests travel up to the twenty-third floor to the Sky Lobby a refreshingly unique concept.  However the Tea Lounge is just sort of there by the check-in desk.  It has all the charm of a Starbucks kiosk in any lobby in any hotel in any major city in the country.Once seated guests are treated to an amazing view of the city.  The couches are extremely comfortable for lounging, not necessarily ideal for eating.  The tea selections are seemingly endless with different herbal/floral combinations.  The food offerings are meager to put it nicely.  This is after all a high tea experience not a true meal.  One would be advised to skip the full tea spread and opt for scone which are, by far, the best thing on the menu.  The tea sandwiches began life as unimaginative snacks, then they dried out and lost any appeal or zest.  The dessert offerings seemed like a frozen sampler that might be put out in the lobby of a retirement community.  The scones were different, they arrived warm and buttery and were a delightful accompaniment to the many selections of teas on the table.   The mixologist at the MO is also quite creative and one should sample one or more of the unique drink selections on the menu.    There is a feeling of refined class in the City Center complex and the Mandarin Oriental is no exception.  The fixtures and displays are beautiful.  The choices in furnishings and surfaces throughout reek of class and sophistication; however, the servers have soaked in a bit too much class.  During one tea service, there were at least four different servers that touched our table, and I cannot remember one giving our table a genuine smile.  I believe the meter has tipped over to the level of snooty.This experience is one that would be nice for a couple or small group staying in the City Center, as a break from the typical Las Vegas itinerary.  However, it was not particularly memorable.  Unless you are a tea aficionado, and you take high tea daily, save your money and experience some of the truly special experiences Las Vegas has to offer
4	A wonderful place for tea time! The space is very pretty; modern with these large windows that provide a great view. I went for a bridal shower and the staff was very accommodating. We had 2 large tables for our group along with an extra table for gifts. Then we were allowed to stay after we finished our tea service to play games and open gifts. We were probably there for a total of about 3.5 hours but only paid the prix fixe of $36 per person.If you don't want a full tea service you can order coffee, tea, or a tea cocktail by itself. You can also order small desserts separately like scones or cupcakes.
5	"Refined decadence inside a hidden gem, with a breath taking view of the city! ( Mandarin Oriental ) Definitely a place to take someone special!" -If you come, I'll take you here."
5	Amazing view of the Strip from the 23rd floor of the Mandarin hotel. Great decor - modern and slick but comfortable. We went there looking for the Mandarin bar which was closed (Sunday).  Drinks were pricey but you pay for the view. Great service. Ask the servers to reserve a seat by the window once you get there if one is not available, they go fast. We were there at sunset and it was a great way to experience the strip from a different angle.
5	Love the view and quiet atmosphere. Perfect place for catching up with friends. I was not drinking on this evening, but they had a delicious fresca drink that was refreshing. Service is simple but efficient. Seating areas are lovely. We came to the bar earlier in our trip and enjoyed another evening here on Sunday when the bar was closed. My favorite spot in Vegas. Class!
5	Awesome!! Came before tea service, but I loved it! Great view, very comfortable seating. I loved the matcha tea. Would definitely return!!
5	Awesome view, on-point service, elegantly presented goodies and tea, you can't ask for more. My friends and I had a tea party for a dear friend's baby shower.  We were seated next to the window, which I have to say, is understated. Our "window" in fact, was the whole length of the room and it was like sitting on the rooftop of Vegas with beautiful views that lay ahead of us. Our servers were very accommodating and nice to offer to take pictures of us, and not just taking a picture, but making sure if the picture they took was good enough and if the lighting was just right. Who does that nowadays???The teas were varied and came in these glass kettles (??) atop glass burners, and the food was just cute and delish, you can't go wrong. Elegant and just a big kiss for being beautiful inside, this tea lounge gets my vote a million times!
3	After having a spa morning at Aria, we strolled over to Mandarin for Afternoon Tea.  The scones were SO good!  Moist and crumbly at the same time!  That was the best part of the beautiful display we got.  Finger sandwiches were good.  The desserts were a little too sweet for my taste (and I LOVE sweets) but would have been balanced out by the tea which I ran out of because my teapot was half filled when I got it and our bored waitress became absent after delivering our food.  I know everyone raves about the views from this place, if you like to look at other hotels sure it's a great view...but in my opinion, I'd rather look at something pretty (like the Fountains at the Bellagio) while I'm eating something pretty, that cost a pretty penny.Our group agreed the best part of the whole experience was the ride up in the elevator...there was even a reenactment of the Pretty Woman scene..."well color me happy there's a sofa in here for two..." but I digress.I'm glad we went to try it out but probably won't be back!
2	The tea lounge at the Mandarin Oriental has it's high and low points, but for me the low out weigh the high especially considering the price. First of all it's not really a "lounge" in that it is just a little area off of the registration desks in the hotel lobby. The relaxing atmosphere that one would expect from a lounge quickly gives way to rolling luggage and loud parties of tourists.  While there is a beautiful view of the strip, there are only 3 tables that afford you that view. The  majority of the tables are very low and very uncomfortable to sit at with no space for your legs. When we left, both my grandmother and I had aches and pains from being 'squished' into the low uncomfortable chairs. She may be an older lady but I am only 32!I made a reservation weeks in advance and I was still seated at a table with no view inches from a couple of loud women on their laptops who were waiting to check in. On a positive note- the food, while small is very delicious and filling. The scones are fantastic to say the least and the Devonshire cream is perfection. The tea was lovely and beautifully presented, however, we still aren't sure if you only get one serving or refills because the server came and took our pot away never to return. She was very friendly when we did see her - so that's a plus. Overall for the prices (Starting at $36 per person) I would have to say that the whole experience is not worth it.
3	made reservations @3pm tea lounge is on 23rd floor which happens to be the lobby as well. it wasn't too noisy but enough to be a chill environment. small little area about 8-10 tables i think. service was nice waitress came by to refilled our cups.a bit pricey but there's no where else u can drink hot tea n stare at the strip thru a huge window. we hunged around for about an hour just chatting and sipping tea, which is the whole point its a lounge! didnt feel rushed which was nice. Great presentation!! ordered the lychee green tea yummy! nice aroma and the mandarin blossom tea which i thought was ok. the finger food foods/desserts wasn't bad, i do love the scones i wanted more! the clotted cream and jams were very good as well.
4	If you need a place to just relax from the craziness of Vegas and grab some tea to soothe your soul this is the place to be.  Located on the 23rd sky lobby floor of the Mandarin Oriental it's just right next to the check in.  This hotel itself is very tranquil and smoke free (woohoo) which makes this place a hidden gem.  I had a long night before and decided to check this place out.  I ordered the Rejuvenating tea and was seated right next to the window to enjoy the lovely view.  Need I say more?Just a note, if you go before 1pm they don't serve food.  High tea is from 2:30-5pm which I came too early for but I've heard wonderful things about it...I'll have to come back and check it out again sometime.
4	While staying at the Mandarin for a birthday staycation, we visited the tea lounge and spent an awesome, relaxing couple of hours lounging on a comfy couch with tea, cute sandwiches and tiny desserts and an amazing view.We had a window seat, which was fantastic- I did not ask for this but the staff were aware that it was my husband's birthday and I wonder if they put us there to make things extra-special! There was one weird incident when we were asked if another guest could share our table... we declined; it was awkward, but we still enjoyed the rest of our afternoon.The afternoon tea is a bit pricey at around $45/person but you get a lot of tasty treats and my pot was refilled (on request) at no additional charge. (At $12 a pot, if you skip the full afternoon tea spread, this could be a pretty economical way to enjoy a great view in a classy setting on the strip, sans alcohol.)They have a decent selection of basic teas; my husband went for a jasmine green and I had the Mandarin blend, which was black tea flavored subtly with (you guessed it) mandarin orange. The scones were delicious and so was the Devonshire cream and jam that accompanied them. We also had curry chicken, egg salad, black forest ham and smoked salmon sandwiches, as well as some very cute mini desserts (including my favorite, the sparkly purple macaron).I really enjoyed myself and I think my husband did, too! It was super relaxing and I will almost certainly be back.
4	For the thanksgiving long weekend, we went to Las Vegas, and decided to check out the afternoon tea service at Mandarin Oriental.  We love high tea, and we were looking forward to a couple of quiet hours of tea and scones.  We were shown to the window table, which was very nice.  They have a good selection of tea.  For about $45/person ($36+tax+tip) we each got a pot of tea (free refills), and we shared 3 plates of food, finger sandwiches, scones, jam and cream (so awesome, scones were still warm) and desserts.  We were full afterwards, or we would definitely paid another $5 for another plate of scones.  We passed a relaxing 2 hours from the 23rd floor lobby of Mandarin Oriental, overlooking the strip.  The next time we are in Vegas, we will definitely do this again.
5	loved my afternoon tea service at the Mandarin Oriental Tea Lounge! came here during my bachelorette party weekend and our group of 8 was treated so well! first off the tea lounge is located on the 23rd floor with spectacular views of the strip with floor to ceiling windows. the decor of the entire lounge and hotel is amazing and loved the way it was sort of asian/modern. our server, Nancy (i think that was her name? sorry!) was super professional and knowledgable about the menu and on top of that, she was more than gracious to take group pictures for us and even recommended on where to stand for the best lighting too haha. afternoon tea is $40ish a person which is prob more than most tea lounges but the quality of everything is top notch and the best i've ever had. all the sandwiches were so good - my favorites were the egg salad and the chicken curry ones. and omg the scones! apparently the head chef has served them to the queen of england if they are good enough for her then they are def good enoughf or me haha. if anything, i think our group was a bit letdown by the desserts and at that it was only a 'letdown' b/c we had enjoyed everything else so much haha. they do have a full bar at the tea lounge as well and i ordered one of their holiday season cocktails that was like an almond martini - so good! my gfs and i had such a wonderful and positive experience here - def come check out the tea lounge if you have a chance when in vegas.
1	The service was terrible, for two cups of tea it was $100 bucks and we saw our server once.  They include the gratuity right in the bill; probably because of this. Also the hostess was rude and unwelcoming. We made the reservation a month in advance and they set us in the middle with the most uncomfortable chair I have ever sat in.  Avoid this place.
1	During my recent trip to Vegas over the Christmas holiday, my best friend and I decided to visit the Mandarin Oriental Tea Lounge for a relaxing late afternoon away from the fanny packs and liquor slushies. I'll start with the good...The hotel itself is very chic as is the Tea Lounge. Beautiful Asian decor with a view of the strip you could find on a postcard in a hotel gift shop. A clean and upscale environment but without a pretentious air that frequent accompanies "high tea".  The hostesses were elegantly dressed and had us seated almost instantly.In terms of food, I was impressed with the spread. The scones were delicious especially when accompanied by strawberry rhubarb compote and clotted cream. The selection of tea was lovely. My favorite being the matcha. Now, the bad...The sandwich selection they offer includes a curried chicken salad, which contains nuts. However, nowhere on the menu did it specify the use of nuts in any of the offerings. The waitress also gave an extremely detailed run down of the types of sandwiches, scone toppings, and desserts yet failed to mention nuts being in any of the food aside from a pistachio cake. For the record, I am deathly allergic to peanuts and cashews to the point that I carry around multiple Epi pens in my purse everywhere I go. When I bit into the sandwich, I started to feel sick and I took a closer look, only to see a small piece of nut that I couldn't identify off the bat. When I flagged down a waitress to ask about what kind of nuts were in the items, she panicked and left to ask the chef. When she returned, she kept firmly insisting that I was fine because it was "just walnuts" but ANYONE who knows ANYTHING about nuts knows that almost all tree nuts are processed in the same facilities. When I tried to ask about nuts being in any of the other desserts, she acted annoyed to be bothered by me again. I was appalled by how it was handled and I felt ill for the remainder of the day because of that ONE bite of sandwich. I was almost offended to see that they automatically included 18% gratuity to the bill because I would have left $0 if given the opportunity.I admit it was irresponsible on my part not to ask but the waitress had given such a precise account of ingredients used in other items (ie: eggnog truffles, bubblegum flavored French macarons, black forest ham sandwiches etc.) that I thought I was in the clear. I suppose it was my error to expect such a highly regarded establishment would care about their customer's dietary restrictions. I REALLY REALLY REALLY don't enjoy writing bad reviews (as you can tell from my profile) but it's necessary in this case to warn other people with severe nut allergies! I'm lucky that all I left with was a bad stomach ache. I really hope in the future the Mandarin Tea Lounge is more consequent of their patrons' needs.
4	We took the elevator up the 23rd floor and arrived at the Mandarin Oriental Tea Lounge (in the lobby of the hotel). With a nice view of the city and parts of the strip (You can see the Eiffel Tower) we were greeted by the hostess and taken to our seat. Unfortunately the 3 seats by the window were already taken but our view was still nice.We ordered 1 tea service and 1 ala carte tea (we just wanted a light snack as we already hand lunch). The ambiance is quite nice and mostly peaceful (until this large group arrived toward the latter part of our tea-this group was staying at the hotel and just using the lobby lounge for drinks but they did not use their library voice-this is one of the reasons I can't give it a 5 star). The scones were delicious, the sandwiches were o.k., and the sweet treats were yummy. I liked the casius bubblegum macaron and the fig cake the best.It was my birthday weekend and I mentioned that in the Opentable reservation so our waitress was wonderful enough to provide me with a birthday cupcake! That was a nice touch. 18% gratuity is already included and I thought our server (I think her name was Amansha?) was delightful.As someone who loves afternoon tea, I can recommend this as a nice way to enjoy the afternoon =)
5	Excellent! Next time I'm in Vegas I'll definitely stop by this place again. The first thing I noticed when I first stepped into the Mandarin Oriental is that it is definitely a sanctuary of peace and calm in the midst of a bustling tourist city full of lights and noise. Definitely a great place just to relax and enjoy the company of your friends, tea, and good food.Two of us went here on a Sunday afternoon and made a reservation, which I'm glad about because it was pretty much to full capacity by the time we got there at 2pm. We both got the classic afternoon tea, mine with lychee green tea and his with oolong. The thing I liked about the tea was that it was served at the right temperature, and that they didn't leave the leaves in the pot. The flavor was also unique; it definitely had that hint of sweetness from the lychee.As for the food, it was very nice. The afternoon tea comes with three plates of food: sandwiches, scones, and desserts. The scones are AMAZING! Probably not the healthiest for you, but they were mouthwatering, melt-in-your-mouth awesome. They came with different types of jams and Devonshire cream which were a great complement to the warm, flakiness of the scones. I also really liked the little sandwich platter, which comes with a variety of fillings like egg salad and curry chicken. The dessert plate was also quite good; my favorite from that were the macaroons, chocolate balls, and the nut nougat. I wasn't a huge fan of one of the desserts because it was chalky though.In terms of the service, it was a bit slow at first; I think it took a while just to get our tea out (probably around 15 minutes) and probably another 15 minutes after that to get our food. I wasn't in a hurry, though, and I suppose this lends to the very relaxed atmosphere of the tea lounge. Our servers were nice though and attentive.One thing to note: they do include gratuity regardless of party size, which I thought was a bit odd, but whatever. Overall, a nice, relaxing experience with tasty tea and snacks.
4	5 stars for the really amazing scones, clotted cream and preserves. Plus this place is just right next to the 23rd floor lobby of the amazing Mandarin Oriental hotel.However, we went a little bit late (around 4:30pm) when they close at 5pm. Service seemed to have suffered as a result -- it took forever for someone to take our order, and she wasn't very nice. It left a bad taste in my mouth...that is, until the scones arrived. It also took forever to get the check.This is a great place for high tea (food-wise), but maybe next time I'll come here slightly earlier and get a seat next to the gigantic windows :)
4	Lovely place for tea and light snacks. Definitely high on the price scale but great for business meetings and/or just a nice afternoon visit. Service could've been a bit better on my visits but overall a nice visit.
5	Made a reservation for a large party (14) and they accommodated us in a private area.  I thought that was really stellar of them.  I did get a glimpse of the tea area itself and I thought maybe if I wasn't in a private area I wouldn't do the tea.  It was basically a nice couch and table area off to the side of check-in so there really isn't much privacy or "high tea" experience.The hotel itself is not that easy to find.  My group had a hard time finding the entrance, so take a cab if you opt to go.It has great views and is nice and quiet.  A good option if you're looking to recover from a long night out.
4	As part of my bachelorette weekend, my friends surprised with a classy afternoon for some tea and a TINY TINY lunch. =]   I wish they would have more scones and the mini sandwiches and less dessert but everything was pretty delicious.
3	Made a reservation for afternoon tea during our stay in Vegas.  My request on OpenTable for a window seat was not granted so we were seated right next to the busy check-in desk which sort of hampered the experience.The lounge was busy with ladies chatting and having their tea--no big deal, but between that and the check-in process going on behind me, it wasn't a very relaxing experience like I thought it would be.  I didn't know that the lounge was completely open to the lobby of the hotel.But the tea was nice, the sandwiches great and the scones out of this world.  I got the more expensive peach white tea which was very light and delicate.The desserts were pretty but didn't taste very good.  I only took a bite of each one.  But it didn't matter because I was stuffed anyway.Bill for two tea services and tip was $91.  And like previous posters have mentioned, the tip is included. Service could be thought of as unattentive, but I think the servers leave you alone to enjoy your experience--once they bring you everything, there isn't much more they need to do.Overall, it was very nice and now that I know what to expect, if I go back with my mom or a girlfriend, I'd probably still do it again after a spa day or something.
5	I love the tea lounge at Mandarin! I have several friends who live in the residences at Mandarin Oriental and tea lounge is the perfect place to meet for a drink and catch up. It is quiet, intimate and has great ambiance. The velvet couches are perfect to lounge in and enjoy the gorgeous view. They have speciality cocktails that are fun and you can order a la carte for snacks to munch on. Afternoon tea is a flat, fixed rate per person if you opt for that and you can add Veuve Clicquot champagne too for an extra charge.
3	I must say that I have had afternoon tea as well as high tea in many different cities. I wasn't impressed with what is served for $36 per person. Actually $42 because they include 18% gratuity even for 2 people! Kind of annoying...the portions are tiny and I am not a big eater. I am aware that part of the reason that they are overpriced is you are paying for the view. Yes the ambiance of the restaurant and the view is 5 stars..With that said, they are very chintzy with their tea sandwiches 1 finger sandwich each? Anyway...the presentation of the food is very nice. But the quality of the sandwiches were disappointing as well as the desserts. The scones were very good. However I would not return to this place again.
1	My husband and I experienced tea service for mothers day. We enjoy tea service and have been to many different tea rooms. We were so excited to try The Mandarin Oriental Tea Room assuming that it was going to be outstanding. I am sorry to let you know that this experience was extremely disappointing. It started when I called to make a reservation and asked about the Mothers Day menu because it was more expensive than the everyday menu. The woman on the phone informed me that they would be having something special for mother's day but she couldn't confirm exactly what it was yet. Satisfied with her answer, we went ahead and made a reservation. When we arrived at the tea room we asked the waitress the difference between the regular menu and the mother's day menu, she responded by saying that the menu was exactly the same but they just up-charge for the holiday. Nice...That's why I called ahead in the first place. Her response made me feel completely ripped off. For a tea room, the tea selection was quite small and even worse was that the staff was virtually unable to answer any of our questions about each of the tea choices. They didn't know anything about the menu and seemed annoyed that we were asking questions at all. As a tea room, we had assumed that the staff would have some knowledge about different kind of tea's, herbs etc. All of the other tea rooms that we have been to, the staff is very knowledgeable about tea and are happy to explain the benefits of each etc. Not at the Mandarin... I found this surprising! While the food was tasty the portion sizes were a joke. 4 tiny ( and I mean TINY) sandwiches, teeny, tiny scones and tiny desserts. Having been to many tea services we were not expecting a full meal, but these portion sizes were so much smaller than anything else we have ever seen that we were literally laughing and left hungry. I had a question about one of the sandwiches and yet again, the server could not answer my question.When the bill arrived were were again surprised by the fact that gratuity had already been added. Really? for 2 people? I was less than thrilled to leave so much gratuity for a staff that was uninformed, unhelpful and clearly annoyed with us. Our bill was $113. We are not cheap and willing to pay premium prices for these kinds of things but this experience was so sub-par that I left feeling gauged. We live here in Las Vegas and had hoped that we were going to find one of our new favorite spots at the Mandarin but I guess next time we'll try The Four Seasons for tea service.
2	First thing I have to say is that the pictures of this place on their website are flattering. Very flattering. It's basically an area in the lobby of the hotel where they charge you an arm and a leg for tea. Just to be clear I'm being literal when I say the lobby as we sat about 20ft from the wonderful hotel staff that checked us into the hotel.It was about $15 for a small pot of tea. Were I not on vacation I'd have laughed and walked out, but we figured it would be an experience. After paying nearly $50 additional for a few tiny crust-less sandwich halves, a scone, and a few pieces of chocolate I can now relate to a certain teen mom who recently broke into the "movie" scene (you might have to google that one if this is a few years old). If you've money to burn or enjoy being bent over a charming asian inspired couch then you've come to the right place. Service was outstanding though.
3	A few of my girlfriends and I went to an afternoon tea at the Mandarin after a fun weekend in Vegas.The Tea Lounge is located on the 23rd floor and we were seated next to the floor length windows with a view of the City Center.  The decor in the lounge was a lacking and felt outdated.  There are only a small amount of tables for tea service...probably about 8 or so.  The area is open and is shared with the reception desks.  Our seating area was two couches and a table which was a bit higher than a coffee table.  The seating was not the most comfortable arrangement and the table was small for the amount of pots, plates and cups.For $36 a person (not including tax and gratuity), we had three tiers of delightful scones, tea sandwiches and desserts.  The scones were my favorite because they were light, buttery and served with homemade jams and the best Devonshire cream.  The desserts were small bite sized chocolates, cakes/tarts, macarons which were beautiful.  The finger sandwiches were ok but the presentation was very pretty.  I ordered the Monkey Picked Oolong tea because it sounded interesting.  Supposedly monkeys were trained to pick the choicest leaves from wild tea trees, which were enjoyed exclusively by the Imperial Court.The service was great.  All the staff are very informative on the different types of teas and can suggest one to your liking.All in all, an afternoon tea with the girls is always a fun way to end your trip in Vegas!
5	Today I am a Queen. I went to the Mandarin Oriental for "afternoon tea". Oh the serenity, oh the view, oh the comfort of fine tea & tiny delightful food. The Tea Lounge has now been added to my favorite things to do in Vegas list. The magic of a tea party! Not for girls only, however, the appeal is deep seated towards the feminine or highly refined gentlemen.
5	Went here for high tea with my wife, and we absolutely devoured the high tea platter. From the finger sandwiches, to the buttery scones, to the assortment of sweets, we loved every last bit. Every bite had an amazing interplay of flavors and textures, and everything was fresh and delightful to look at. The 23rd floor also provides an amazing view of the strip while you sip on some relaxing tea (each guest gets their own pot, or glass if it's a cold drink). The waitresses are very friendly, and helpful with any questions/concerns.Although some other reviews have complained about the location (an area just off of the check-in counter), we found the lounge to be quite relaxing and not loud at all (we could hear each other across the table with indoor voices just fine, I'd equate noise levels to a nice romantic 5* restaurant).
4	With the exception of a check-in snafu caused by the very "green" & inexperieced hostess, I'd have to say I had a pretty good experience at the tea lounge at the Mandarin Oriental.  I just have one point of advice, check your reservation with the hostess at least three times. By then, it may sink in for her.Ok, let's carry on shall we?Located adjacent to registration above the 23rd floor, you'd think the Tea Lounge was part of the lobby. But make no mistake, these premium seats come at a lofty price tag and a reservation to boot.  Luckily, we were seated by the panoramic window as I requested and service, albeit a bit slow, was paced nicely and lent to the whole relaxing afternoon tea experience.  With that in mind, the tea selection was fairly limited but adequate for my needs. There were a host of green teas and herbal teas to accommodate most individual preferences and tastes IMO. Since I just arrived from a massage session, I went with the introspective herbal relaxation tea. The tea service runs from 2-5 pm daily and reservations are highly recommended as there are only a few tables in the lounge.  The views can be quite spectacular if you're seated by the window. We had a perfect view of the strip and City Center and the natural lighting was equally relaxing and calming.  The food selections included a selection of finger sandwiches inspired by English afternoon "high tea" traditions, but where was the cucumber cream cheese?In any case, the selections included a savory smoked salmon cucumber and watercress spread sandwich (my favorite of the bunch) egg salad & chives on brioche, curried chicken salad, and black forest ham. The tea service also included the best scones I've ever had in my life! These were buttery, light, flaky and irresistibly good. They came out nice and warm, served with some fresh berry jam, marmalade and an imported Devonshire clotted cream (extremely smooth and very addictive.) So addictive, in fact,  I found myself wanting to spread it on practically everything!  Lastly, our afternoon tea service was completed with a selection of small bite sized desserts and pastries, which included macarons, tarts and chocolates.By the end of the meal, I felt nicely sated and totally relaxed. I would definitely return on my next trip to Vegas but im going to have to put that hostess on check!Happy Eats!
4	I love the Mandarian Oriental because it is classy, beautiful, and the epitome of upscale. The same applies to their Tea Lounge. The view is awesome and the decor is gorgeous. The tea selection is fun - we chose the Jasmine Pearl White Tea (from Teavana, which I love) and it was prepared in a cool teapot from Teavana as well. We also ordered their Signature Scones with imported Devonshire clotted cream and Chef Gianni's housemade marmalades and jams. Really great! We heard that their savory options aren't as good, so we didn't venture. It's a great spot for a little intimate gathering with your girlfriends instead of going somewhere for happy hour. And you can feel fancy while doing it!
5	Loved the afternoon tea here!The view is spectacular, the service was great. The tea selection was very good. Scones, pastries and sandwiches were more then enough for one or two. Defiitely a quiet retreat off the vegas madness and makes for a good place to take a breather.
4	We partook in the Classic afternoon tea. All in our party (sister, cousin, husband) loved it. The view is stellar and the whole vibe suggests relaxation. We called ahead to let them know we were vegetarian and they were extremely accommodating. I ordered the Chai tea (Assam i think) which was so flavorful and aromatic. Lovely pot. The sandwiches were delicious and the scones were melt in the mouth gorgeous with some pretty great preserves and clotted cream. The dessert platter was sinful with plenty of options that tasted stellar. Pricing is rather steep. Runs around $35-40 per person. But for a wonderful luxurious afternoon, this place really does the trick!Highly recommended.
5	Went here one afternoon with my husband while on vacation. It was a relaxing, and quiet break from the hustle and bustle of the strip. We had requested a seat by the window, and had a spectacular view. The waitress was very attentive and made sure our teapots were always full, as well as gave us advice to eat the scones first while they were still hot and fresh. We really enjoyed the jams and devonsbire cream made in house, as well as the selection of pastries. The sandwich and pastry platters had a decent selection. I was really impressed with the selection and freshness of the pastries. At the local afternoon tea place, they aren't as creative with the dessert platter and its often just fruit and store bought cookies. Afternoon tea at the mandarin oriental was deifnitely worth every penny, and they definitely delivered a pleasant and relaxing afternoon.
5	The prime view!Our first time walking into Mandarin Oriental and this place is nothing short of spectacular. The entrance is through a cozy elevator ride in connection to MO's valet. We walked in there nervous, out of place, and without a reservation. Certain that the host was going to turn us away, I wouldn't leave coming here to enjoy Afternoon Tea to chance. Thankfully,  for us it payed off in a big way. We were granted one of the tables with floor-to-ceiling window views as long as we had it available at 3:45 for their next reservation. (That translated to more than an hour stay for us.) We each enjoyed Classic English Afternoon Tea. We loved each of our tea choices, most of the sandwiches, only two of the desserts and couldn't get enough of the scones!   The atmosphere is relaxing, the service amazing and the wide-sweeping views of the Las Vegas are worth enjoying because they are definitely not gratuitous. *It's also worth noting that Afternoon Tea is best enjoyed when a well-balanced meal has been had! We're glad we strolled in here after a meal....and  on to the absurd, the attention to detail continues all the way to the restroom facilities! Probably the best in Vegas.
1	Where do I start?The Tea Room is an open area between the bar and the front desk. The "tables" are about the same height as an end table, so I feel like I am sitting at a kids table. They should have the tea served in the bar using real adult sized tables.The tea is not steeped at the table, they just bring it out (one pot)  already made. How can you have a high tea without cucumber sandwiches?After the tea was served the waitress never came back.The food was very good but the portion size was tiny, we ate here as a late lunch and were still very hungry when we left. There is an automatic gratuity added to the bill, cannot remember how much it was. What incentive do they have to provide decent service when they know up front they are getting a good tip?Overall it was not really a relaxing and lush experience as it should be.
5	If you're somebody who likes to relax, enjoy and appreciate both the civility of a proper tea service AND a top-shelf view of Las Vegas, then you've found your joint.  Meditative music plays overhead, elegant uniformed people bring you lovely tea, you breath in, you breath out, everybody wins. As a local, this is very nearly my favorite respite to steal away a quiet moment or inspire an engaging conversation. Never disappoints. Even as I write this I'm sort of wishing I was there. But that's just me.
4	We made reservations for my sister's bridal shower here and I was expecting some sort of large restaurant so I was a bit disappointed that the tea lounge is just located at the hotel's guest lobby. However, I soon realize that this is a perfect spot for a small bridal shower or a quaint afternoon tea party. The lounge is just gorgeous with views of the Strip. My party of 8 ladies sat comfortably in lounge chairs and a couch surrounding a coffee table. Our tea came in these lovely white teapots and the small cold sandwiches and assorted pastries were nicely displayed in multi-layered trays beside us. The food is not extravagant and probably won't fill you up but it's a good pairing for the teas. Our servers were attentive and the experience was charming. The prices aren't outrageous if you consider the novelty of the experience. If you're looking for a different way to celebrate with your girls, I'd recommend giving the Mandarin Oriental Tea Lounge a whirl.
4	Made reservations for here at 2 PM on Saturday. We went to the hotel and had a little bit of trouble trying to finding the place but eventually found it. We were a couple hours early But they seated us anyway. The atmosphere of the place is awesome and the views are great. It's located right next to the lobby which was kind of weird but there is a barrier so wasn't that bad. The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars was because it was sooooooo expensive. 90$ for tea for two is a bit much. We had the monkey oolong and the white pearl tea, and both were really good. The food that came with the tea was also really good. The scones were amazing with the three dips. I also liked the salmon sandwich. The presentation of the food was cute and holiday themed. It was a great experience but I think it's way too expensive to do this again when there is so much else to do on the strip!
5	WHO: Bring your boyfriends, girlfriends, nieces, and mamas for an amazing Tea Time!WHERE: Located at the top of the Mandarin Oriental in the City Center. WHEN: They are open from 10am-10pm, but Tea Service is from 2-5pm daily.WHAT: In all of my 24 years of being alive, I have never gotten the pleasure of having a TEA PARTY. So apparently my friend loves having tea parties, and decided to make reservations for my first tea party EVER! As we walked towards the Mandarin Oriental, went inside and sat in the elevator rising up towards the Tea Lounge, my heart skipped 10 beats due to excitement. I was definitely an excited girl that day!We were seated by the window overlooking the strip (that day they had part of the strip closed off for a while because the Nascar were doing a pre-show... Randomly we got to see the Nascar drift and all that jazz! Lol). Mary Anne was our server, and she actually recognized my friend since he comes here so much, Lol. He is definitely popular! Hahaha! She was such a sweetheart and explained the new temporary additions to the menu for winter. We ended up getting the Classic English Afternoon Tea set up, which came with several wonderful snacks and the choice of any tea in the menu.I chose the Lychee Organic Green Tea, and my friend chose the Peach Tea, which were both very calm and soothing! Mary Anne brought us honey and milk for our tea, along with our small little treats!About the treats, they were all really amazing, but I never knew how much the scones at starbucks and any other coffee shop were INCOMPARABLE to their scones here! They were fresh out of the over, and tasted absolutely WONDERFUL with the jellies they brought out!! I NEED MORE SCONES!!TREATS:Smoked salmon & cucumber with watercress spread- YES!Creamy deviled egg in a shell with Paleta Iberico & lavashTartlet of mango with foie gras mousse & spice bread crisp- YES!Black forest ham sandwich- YES!Signature scones with imported Devonshire clotted cream and Chef Philippe's house made marmalades and jams- YES!Random assortment of Tea pastries- YES!The rest of the goodies were on point! I ordered an extra Passion Fruit Macaron... BEST I'VE EVER HAD! They change some of the treats every 2 weeks to a month, so I will definitely come back next month! YES!!RANDOM NOTE: Make reservations just incase! =)I wish and hope you all have the experience of your first Tea Party! PINKY'S UP!
5	Would have 4 stars if not for the view! Came in at 4:30 right as they opened the blinds and let us have that gorgeous view of the strip and the mountains! The tea was fantastic and the food was even better. Each piece was a work of art, and we're perfect snacks to enjoy with a cup of tea on those wonderful couches. I definitely plan on coming back! Great prices to boot.
4	Outstanding service, and a beautiful location. I came for a bridal shower, so we had a private room with the most amazing view of the Las Vegas strip. It was a classic English tea, beautifully extinguished in a lovely location.  It was a really nice experience and I'd come back. The mini sandwiches, the scones and the Devonshire cream were to die for. The desserts were just ok. There are so many types of tea: jasmine, green, black. All were very aromatic and light.
4	Excellent service!  Finger foods are delicious and filling.  The tea is divine! You also enjoy the beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower & City Center
4	I had been wanting to visit the Tea Lounge for a while, and for my birthday, my best friend made a reservation. We did not arrive for tea service (we got there at 8 pm), so it was busy, but not crowded and we had the best seats in the house. We sat right next to he window overlooking the Strip. It was breathtaking, and that's coming from someone who's been to Foundation Room at Mandalay Bay. I can't imagine the view getting any better. This I will say though- my first impression was... "This is it...?" It's beautiful, but the size is small. It really is just a small seated area outside of the bar and next to the lobby. We asked the front desk where it was, because we completely overlooked the lounge. It looks like a waiting area, really. A very beautiful one, though!In any case, we were promptly given menus. Interesting drink menu, great variety of premium liquor. Had the Cucumber French 75: perfect, light and refreshing. Highly recommended, especially for summer. Members of our party also had some Old Fashioneds, and were impressed (one of them being a bartender, both of them being self-professed whiskey snobs). We snacked on the some Satay chicken skewers and sliders as recommended from our server. She did not disappoint. The chicken was wonderfully seasoned with just a touch of heat, and they weren't dry. The sliders, which I tend to never order because I find them generally unimpressive, were probably the best I've ever had. Perfect sauce/meat ratio, meat higher quality than what you'd usually get. I'd order them again and again and again.Service was personalized. Our server was kind and personable. She joked with us and generally seemed interested in making sure we had a great time. She did disappear for a little bit leaving us waiting to order. However, these servers seem to also tend to the Mandarin Bar, so they are probably stretched a little thin. This is the only reason I did not offer all five stars.Will definitely return, and definitely recommend to my local friends and my out-of-towners.
3	Service: Disappointing.  My boyfriend, his brother, and I decided this restaurant would be a nice mid day snack kind of place to continue my boyfriend's birthday celebration. As we walked in, there were 3 girls at the hostess counter, and seemed like they were in a serious gossiping conversation. Unfortunately,  declined to greet us until they were done speaking to each other. Needless to say, we decided to stay and our sever was excellent. Thank Goodness. The food and drinks were great and the view throughout the hotel was excellent.
4	I've yet to experience 5-star afternoon tea service.  No place I've gone to has knocked it out of the ballpark on each of these: tea, sandwiches, scones, dessert, ambiance, and service.  All the tea places I've gone to are really good in a few or most of these areas and just "meh" on the others; the Mandarin Oriental Tea Lounge is no exception.  The sandwiches just weren't appetizing to me, and me being more into the food than the tea (I march to the beat of my own drummer lol), I found that to be very disappointing.  However, there were some pretty good things about this place.First of all, tea is tea to me, and theirs was just fine.  I've yet to come across tea that I've wanted to spit out lol.  (I usually stick with green teas/light fruity teas.)  I've already mentioned how I wasn't crazy at all about their sandwiches.  Their scones, though, were pretty good, and while I usually find desserts at afternoon tea to be pretty bad, theirs were a-ok.  What makes this place great is the ambiance.  Relaxing and quiet with an amazing view of the Strip.  My sister and I were able to get a table for two right by the window :)  Service was good, too.  And guys, you won't feel out of place here.  You usually think "girly outing" when you think afternoon tea, but quite a few couples were having afternoon dates over tea on our visit.  If only we could combine the sandwiches from the Petrossian Bar at Bellagio with everything else here!  I would not hesitate to come back!  There are some other things to enjoy though about the Mandarin Oriental Tea Lounge so I would consider coming back anyway.  Four stars :)
3	Let's not forget that a 3 star review still means A-ok. I didn't hate the place but it also didn't completely wow me. I made reservations and even called them to confirm that I could add another person. When I arrived they had not corrected the reservation and seemed confused, but they went ahead and sat us right away. The place is very small. Great view but small. There are only 3 or 4 tables by the window and those were taken already, even for our early 2:30 reservation. They do have gluten free options and they had almond milk which was nice. It was the beginning Chinese New Year and they had special touches like a chocolate Buddha, homemade fortune cookie and a little card with candy after. The tea pots were huge and I cant imagine being able to take advantage of the "complimentary second pot refill". The service started out nicely but then they got sort of busy and we sat and waited for them to come back for a while. They ended up mistakenly charging my friend and I twice and never told us that they did that. I am still waiting to see if it will be corrected.
4	The fanciest Afternoon Tea i've had so far!Awesome view-= can see the strip from the 23rd floor of the Mandarin Oriental hotel near the Aria and Vdara Hotels. We came to our reservation a bit early and luckily being the first ones there, we got the best seat in the house, on a couch right in front of the windows! The lounge is not very big and it's right next to the check in desk lobby, so it's not a ideal place to come with a big group. Three of us got the Classic English Afternoon tea set at $36.00. Tea service is daily 2-5pm. You get a choice of tea, 4 tea sandwiches (smoked salmon, egg salad, curried chicken salad sandwich, and black forest ham), 2 small scones served with a very thick cream cheese like Devonshire Cream, pineapple marmalade and strawberry jam, and a selection of petit desserts. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mandarin-oriental-tea-lounge-las-vegas?select=7s7p5TgVV9CTlWjWQMcgtQ#7s7p5TgVV9CTlWjWQMcgtQPresentation was superb. Although everything was petit, i thought it was very filling. The sandwiches were yummy. (They are flexible with the sandwiches if you have food restrictions). I didn't love the salmon one, as it had a strong herby flavor. The teas were my least favorite. From the last 4-5 afternoon tea experiences, I have loved my tropical black tea choices. When i saw mandarin orange black tea, i was excited. However, when i drank it, it has a strong chinese herbal flavor to it, which i wasn't expecting and kind of clashed with the sweet desserts and sandwiches in my taste... We tried the monkey picked oolong and white tea, and none of them really had us craving to have more. Despite not loving the tea flavors, the experience was great and we enjoyed the view. The lounge itself is pretty gorgeous with all the colors. Check it: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mandarin-oriental-tea-lounge-las-vegas?select=65joKJBgDCMDFsAg-wahcA#65joKJBgDCMDFsAg-wahcA
4	I had a wonderful surprise to have tea here on Valentines day. I absolutely loved the atmosphere and the view. The colors were vibrant and the staff seemed friendly too. I did not like how 2 minutes after I received the menu if we were ready to order. And then another 2 minutes after that again. I didn't get to read even half the tea options because I felt rushed to order. The tea I did chose was delicious and all of the items we had to eat were just beautiful. They were intricately made and tasted yummy. This visit definitely filled me up. I do not think this is a place to go to catch up with someone as I did feel rushed. Coming from the service industry I recognize the hints to finish, pay, and leave. I would definitely like to come back though despite that just because it was such a nice experience and something of a change of pace in Las Vegas.
5	First time here...I had the lychee green tea, it was light but just right with the sweets :)I'm in love with their raspberry jam that goes with the scone.Pricy but worth it. Will be back!
4	One the last day of our Vegas trip, I wanted to do something a little different and class up the usual debauchery of Sin City. Situated on the 23rd floor, the Tea Lounge boasts amazing views of the middle of the strip with enough seating for about 8-10 parties, keeping the affair intimate and relaxed. The lady and I decided to go with Afternoon Tea service, which consists of two tea selections from a variety of choices, along with an assortment of eats including finger sandwiches, freshly baked scones and a platter of desserts. Luck would have it that the two types of tea we were looking for were not available so we opted for our second choice consisting of the Osmanthus and Mandarin Orange. Both were light, warm and refreshing with notes of fruit and floral essence. Our waitress, dressed in traditional Asian garb, provided us with a jar of honey which went great with my tea. We started our meal with fresh from the oven scones which were soft and delectable, especially with the Devonshire cream and tart, sweet cranberry jam. We then moved onto the savory portion of our meal, with the highlight being the deviled eggs and the smoked salmon wrapped in cucumber. The former was creamy, rich and flavorful while the cucumber wrap was refreshing and light. Lastly, we had a tray of desserts with a particular chocolate shaped like a bag. While not a huge fan of the desserts (I prefer having two savory dishes or another round of scones), the overall experience was great. Make sure to make an appointment before you go as the hours of operations can be confusing. Looking forward to visiting again the next time we are in town.
4	The dessert platter here is phenomenal! When it comes to the actual tea and sandwiches though it was average. Would definitely go back though...the dessert alone is worth it!
4	I was taken here for my bridal shower and have to say it was perfect!!! From the service, the view and of course, the food. The flavors were intense and the teas were a great selection.
4	The service is fabulous.  It is different and food is beautiful.  Taste is different but that's okay I love new experiences and you don't know what you will like till you try it. Tea was good but smelled bad. It put me off a little bit sorry don't remember the name. I would highly reccomend this place!
3	The scones are good and the view is really beautiful up there. But I think other deserts are not as good as the rate shows
5	What a classy experience! I pretended to be a white British gal coming to enjoy some classy high tea with her girlfriends. Key word being pretendedI've been to plenty of tea spots all over LA and the OC, but this is by far the most awesome tea experience I've had to date. The tea  room itself is pretty small, so definitely make a reservation. I had a reservation for 7 girls as part of a bachelorette weekend. The bride and I always enjoy high tea, so I thought this would be a great afternoon activity.We sat at a table that had couches and chairs. The seating was seriously so comfortable, we all could have easily taken naps. Service was impeccable- someone was always there refilling our tea cups or bringing us a newly brewed pot of tea.Now, the food! Not everything tasted the best, but they definitely get an A+ for presentation alone. Everything was so perfectly sized and perfectly prepared. Their deviled egg was super creamy and served inside an egg shell! There was a tart with goat cheese, we all kind of agreed it tasted good separate but not altogether. The sandwiches were very light and tasty, the salmon one was the best. We also all agreed that the chocolate and peanut butter dessert was the best! I really adored their scones though- so warm and delicious. For $35/person, we all thought this place was excellent. It's ruined all other afternoon tea places for me!Parking: Mandarin only has valet, you have to go down the strip and make a right into the hotel, before you hit the CVS
2	Disappointed. Ordered the preset package. The tea is served in a clear pot. Was cheap looking and not even half full.  It wasn't hot enough either.   The rum cake was absolutely awful in smell taste and texture.  Only 3 items were decent, the scone, deviled egg and the hazelnut tart.  I like the pineapple jam and clotted cream. It was a good thing we only ordered one set for the both of us.  We would have ordered another pot of tea but we were so turned of by the food items.  I've had better afternoon tea elsewhere for cheaper even.
5	I've been looking for a tea room that had an actual sit down afternoon tea. And after looking around I decided to try the tea lounge. And I am so glad I did. I went with a girlfriend and he baby (very well behaved. We wouldn't have taken him if he wasn't ). The staff was amazing from valet helping my friend with her stroller to the servers making sure we had everything we needed & more. The scones are amazing. Hot & freshly baked. The cream for the scones is refrigerated & came out hard so I wish they let it sit out prior to serving to soften up. The savory dishes were amazing. They had a whipped deviled egg mouse thing that they served in an egg shell that was so delicious. The pastries were good too but I could have opted for less pastries & more savory dishes. The presentation is amazing & the view is great. Such a nice place to go have high tea and relax in The afternoon. I am already planning on going back in a couple weeks! Love it!!!
5	Loved this unique experience!A nice comfy lounge overlooking the strip where you can just chill out with some pals. My hubby brought my here knowing I love to try new things, even though this type of thing (hot beverage in the desert?) isn't really his cup of tea. We ordered the earl gray jasmine, which was highly praised by past guests and our server. Also added a fruit plate. I highly recommend both.  The tea came steeped in a large ceramic pot and since it is a black tea I asked for milk. Did not need it. The flavor is mild and refreshing. Only $12/ pot we ordered the matcha green tea too. This is a strong tea so get it with milk/ sugar if you're not used to it. Afternoon tea will be a must for me on all future Vegas trips.
4	I've been wanting to do the high tea experience here for awhile, so we finally got to do that this past weekend. We tried to reserve it the same day but was put on a wait list. By 1pm that same day, we got a call saying that a spot open up for us. It was me, my husband and my parents-in-law (along with my kids) for tea. The classic english tea experience is for one person only  (at $40) but if you would like to share it, it's $5 a plate so my husband did that for us to share. The food is really small so I can see why it's for one person only. I was there for the tea more than anything else. For my daughter, I ordered unfiltered apple juice (probably the best apple juice she's ever had) and a croissant that she shared with her sister. The view of the strip down below really adds to the ambiance, let me tell you. I got a pot of tea to share with my husband, it was the organic white tea? I'm trying to remember the name...A couple I met the night before raved about the tea place here so I had to check it out. It was a lovely experience shared with good company so I enjoyed it.It lost a star because of these reasons:-right by the lobby (which makes it hard to just enjoy without people looking over)-no options for honey for the tea-the rum cake in the desert section was dense and lacked flavorOverall, a nice experience for tea in Vegas.
4	Just took my mom out here for Mother's day. Before I came I took a look at their menu online but when I got their they had the Mother's Day special for $50 per person which suprised me so I had to get it . Additionally it had everything that is included during regualr high set menu, but it also included champagne and a lovely rose for my mother. The view was excellent, enviroment was perfect, and the service was astonishing. As for the seating it was not as comfy as I would had thought, I sat on a chair with a pillow on my back while my mom sat on a couch, although she complained it was to far from the table. As for the food  their high tea pastries where delicious and I love their scones. As well as the wonderful dessert plate it was just yum! I will defiantly be coming back next time with my girlfriend. Wonderful place for a romantic date.
5	For us, tea at the Mandarin Oriental has become a cornerstone of every trip to Vegas. The Tea Lounge on the 23rd floot provides a bit of relief from the manic pace below. There is no casino here, the pace is tranquil, kind of spa/zen like.... Excellent tea, sandwiches and sweets (not to mention the over-the-top can't resist scones). Great view, get a table by the windows. Reservations are a must. Relax and savor.
3	hmmm...where to begin.Mandarin Oriental in LV is such a lovely hotel, indeed. Great service all around from the moment you step out of the cab to the doors opening into the lobby and riding up the clean elevator (with comfy seating couch). The hostess at the tea lounge was sweet, pretty and helpful. Led us to our table by the huge windows. Perfect setting and views of the strip/Aria next door. Very much opposite of what Vegas usually entails inside a hotel, this was peaceful and serene. We each ordered the $36 Classic Afternoon Tea Set, had the Jasmine Peal, White Tip Darjeeling, Organic Lychee Green and Imperial Spring Dragonwell. All the tea smelled really good! The presentation was awesome, colorful, decedant. So why the 3stars only? Aside from the Smoked Salmon Cucumber Watercress sandwich and the cute egg shell holding the yummy Devilled Eggs...nothing else appealled to me, either bland or too sweet. The scone with the buttery spread was the best from the numerous pastries and dessert selections. Everything looked really good but tastewise...hmmm. Maybe I just didn't have a sweet tooth that day cuz it was just ridiculously sweet, too over the top. The tea help washed everything down...so that was good. Kinda.
4	This was my first time attending high tea anywhere and it was a lovely experience. This was the Mandarin Oriental, so of course it wasn't cheap -- it was $36/person for high tea. There were six of us, so we decided to get three high teas and split between us. Of course, since the food you receive is actually meant for one person, it wasn't really enough, so we ended up ordering a couple more plates of sandwiches and scones. The food was absolutely beautiful in presentation. I liked all the savory foods, but the desserts were hit or miss. I wish I could remember everything that was served but I do remember the rum cake was a bit of a dud. It was a bit bland to me and had an extremely chewy/rubbery texture. I also did not care for the chocolate ball on a stick with orange-flavored filling. The scones were by far the best part. They were fantastic served with the raspberry preserves and clotted cream. It reminded me of my days in England.The teas were also fantastic. We got the organic lychee green tea, the English breakfast tea and the third one eludes me but I didn't get to try it, anyway.Service was great. The views couldn't be beat. Overall, I loved the experience and it was a sweet finish to the weekend.
4	Lovely gem tucked away from the hustle and bustle of the casinos. I was quite surprised to see how small of a space it actually was, but since we were looking for a more intimate place to gather, it was perfect. It over looks the strip and no matter where you sit, there's a great view.We had a group of 8 ladies, so I made reservations over the phone and they accommodated us without any problems. Our server explained to us how the menu worked and we all ordered our own teas and shared them with each other.The dishes were yummy...except the salmon caper sandwich bite thing. If you don't like capers, stay away. I actually had to spit it out because I hated the taste. The capers were very overpowering. BUT!! If you enjoy capers, then perhaps you'll like it. My absolute favorite were the scones, clotted cream, and pineapple and cherry preserves. So yummy!!!! Even though the dishes were small, it filled us up. So much, that we barely made it through the dessert plates.It's a lovely place to go on a date. Beautiful atmosphere & very affordable. I'd love to go again. But I'll pass on the salmon caper sandwich thing.
1	My husband had been begging me to go to this place to check out with him for months! So, after seeing pictures and reading a few reviews, I decided to go. Mind you, this was the first time for the both of us, and I was pretty excited to try something different in Vegas!As we walked in, it was quite smaller than what I had imagined... Which, I loved! ( I felt like it was more intimate) after ordering, they brought out teas, which were out of this world! Then came the food. Tea sandwiches were good, and the different flavors definitely played with your taste buds in such a way, I can't even begin to explain. So... We moved on to the next plate, egh didn't care for the scones, a bit under cooked..jellies were good, though. Finally, the desserts! I was so incredibly excited , as they all looked delicious! Unfortunately, out of the 5, one was just "okay". Everything else was too bitter and has a funny taste as it touched your tongue.Here comes the bad part, as my husband and I were sitting there, all of a sudden I get a sudden urge to vomit, as does he. I barely make it to the bathroom, for 5 minutes I'm throwing every thing up. I come out, and then it's my husbands turn!Cold sweat, bitter stomach, bad food. Such a let down for such a beautiful place. For the price (95, which tip is automatically included) totally not worth it.
4	The tea lounge was on the 23rd floor which I wasn't expecting. It's a nice view of the strip and is located right next to the front desk. It's a lot smaller than I had initially imagined and the seating is a bit uncomfortable for tea time. I felt like I was getting ready for a nap rather than having tea and pastries. The dessert pastries were a little too sweet- I couldn't finish them whatsoever and neither could anyone else in my group. I would suggest sharing one tea set for two people if you aren't very hungry but if you have more than two people then you definitely need multiple tea sets.
3	I've always been a sucker for finger sandwiches. Perfectly cut and how aesthetically appealing to the eye, it really pleases my OCD :) I have been to High Tea at Petrossian as well as Four Seasons, and had been looking forward to trying MO version, since only passing by the area, the view alone was worth a trip back. Served daily from 1p-5p, we had made a reservation not knowing how busy they get, upon arriving, there were a few open tables, but ours was right up against the window and offered amazing views from the 23rd floor. Looking over the tea menu, I chose the Organic Lychee Green and my friend chose the Mandarin Orange Blend. Neither one of these teas were anything special, I've had better tea at Starbucks, and I think Paymon's Mediterranean Cafe has a WAY better tea selection. The tower of food followed, and after a brief explanation from our waitress, we dove in. Starting with the creamy deviled egg (in a shell) with Paleta Iberico & lavash. This was the best deviled egg I've ever had, and I love how it as served in the shell. Up next was the smoked salmon & cucumber with watercress spread. This was my second favorite. Black Forest ham sandwich and the goat cheese tartlet with apricot jelly rounded out our savory portion, but the last two didn't impress me. The dessert plate was made of a selection of the assorted pastries, and the only one I really liked was the Yuzu shortbread. The others were way too sweet, a lemon chocolate cake pop, a rum cake cannelle  a blueberry creme puff.The scones were probably one of the best I've had, but I love clotted cream, so smother any kind of biscuit with clotted cream and jam and you can't go wrong. For $90 for two people (they do auto-grat), I just can't recommend this. It was okay, but nothing spectacular.
1	Poor service, no sugar cubes, the tea was fine and the little side dishes are a hit and miss (more misses). Quite disappointed with the overall experience and expensive for what it offers. The seating arrangements are interesting and the venue tries to give off a faux posh atmosphere. They should look at Alice's Mad Teahouse in NYC for inspiration. Do not go here or proceed at your own risk.
3	Compared to Clipper Lounge in MO Hong Kong and Mo Bar in Landmark MO Hong Kong, Tea Lounge in MO Las Vegas had room in improvement. Why did I give Tea Lounge three stars? 1) The view was spectacular - My friend and I were able to see Aria and Cosmopolitan from the lounge.2) The service was good for Vegas standard  - Since I am allergic to melons, I requested to only have berries in my fruit platter. The waiter quickly fulfilled my request.3) The food was decent - Both my apple juice and my fruit platter were fresh.What could Tea Lounge do to get my other two stars?1) Easy access to reservation - Since I was not able to make a reservation via Opentable, I called MO and was transferred four times before I was able to make my reservation. 2) Increase the quality of the service - The waiter forgot my request for hot water. I had to remind her for it. It also took her a long time to stop by our table for the check. 3) Improve the quality of the food - My matcha latte with soy milk barely had any green tea flavor. At the same time, my friend's Danish was relatively bland. The pastries do not seem to be on par with those in MO HK and Landmark MO HK. Despite of these minor flaws, Mandarin Oriental Tea Lounge is my favorite place for high tea in Vegas due to its tranquil atmosphere. I hope that the quality of the food and the service would meet the five star standard during my next visit.
5	Wonderful view and great service!  Came here with a few friends to wind down a quick jaunt to Vegas.  It's great to be able to decompress and leisurely sip a nice cup of tea.  I had the green matcha with milk - very good and just about finished the entire cup.  There was a deviled egg that was served on a dish with a magnetic spoon that was to die for!  The service was very attentive and I didn't feel rushed at all.  I'd definitely return and would someday love to stay in that hotel!  It looked very nice.
3	I expected a much larger venue, but it is just a small section in which you can directly see the lobby, no closed spaces or walls etc. We had booked a reservation online without seeing the actual place. Well, I'll make this short and easy:PROS:-beautiful view- delicious teas- very fancy, elegant- waitresses are very asian inspired dress and high etiquette- quite and elegant hotelCONS:As a person who doesn't normally have fancy tea time ever- waitress could have explained options better or asked if it was our first time- priceyI thought i was ordering a cup of tea but it was actually a kettle. I wish I would have known as there are no prices on the menu. We ordered a kettle each, so there was no way we could drink soo much tea. I would have rather ordered one tea and had more food, I didn't know we could share the food since it looked like a coursed snack or something per person. I was obviously confused i just wish that the waitress would have asked the simple and generic question "have you been here before", would have made my time more enjoyable.Not to mention the waitress failed to check up on us and we were sitting there for awhile waiting for her to come by for the check. Theres not that many people at all..Aside from that,Order one tea for 2 or 3 people and then the little snack dessert thing to share and you shall be happy and give this place 4 or 5 stars.
4	When my friend suggested we go to MO for tea, I accepted the fact that I would be sitting at the table drinking tea while all of my friends ate their delicious glutenous scones. Little did I know, but when I asked the wonderful server about gluten free options she said, "I will bring you special dishes. You will enjoy."I had the full Classic English Tea for only $36, and it was worth every penny. I also splurged and got a Teatini, which was delicious - just a little sweetness but a slight bitterness like tea itself. Crazy...just like tea!Gluten free bread? Check. Creamy deviled egg whipped and served in an egg balancing on a stone egg topped with micro-greens and Iberico ham. Next, a smoked salmon and watercress sandwich, a black forest ham sandwich, a delicious fruit plate Add on several gluten free pastries, including a macaroon that was to die for, and you can call me MO biggest fan.I tried several teas since all of my friends tried different ones, and each one was beautiful, and you could tell by the taste that these were high quality teas. The server knew which tea my friend would love when she told her what she felt like drinking that day. There are decaffeinated, caffeinated, herbal and medicinal teas, each one appealing in its own way. Absolutely lovely,  The Sky Lounge is stunning and has one of the best views of Vegas, and everything about Mandarin Oriental screams sophistication, beauty, and elegance with a contemporary flare, For goodness sakes, there's a couch in the elevator that I may or may not have laid down on while going to the wrong floor twice. Dress fabulously and stop in for afternoon tea. I recommend a reservation in advance too!
4	My daughter recently got married at the Mandarian Oriental and since she had seen their afternoon tea service was highly rated we decided to host afternoon tea for a number of the ladies attending the wedding (25 to be exact).  Angela De Cosmo is an amazing event co-coordinator.  The couple had been conversing with Angela over the past  7 months regarding their wedding and when we decided to have a tea party I just emailed Angela and she organized it.  Since we were having so many, she arranged for us to use the Bar room on the 23rd floor for our event which just happened to be where the wedding reception the next evenig was being held. It's almost as gorgeous during the day as it is at night.  The views are staggering. We opted for scones with Devon cream and jam and a variety of pastries with our tea (hot and cold). They were all a big hit and plenty was provided.  At the last minute (same day), I found out two guests only ate glueten-free foods and once again Angela came through.  I only have two issues: the two gluten-free guests were provided with their own plate of only 3 pastries each.  I think there should have been little more and if other guests chose to try one, all the better.  Secondly, I expected the tea to be served in tea pots but instead a variety of tea packets were provided and hot water and guests served themselves. Perhaps this was only because of our numbers but I expected a little more service for the price. All in all, the guests were thrilled with the event and all wished we had dressed up with gloves and hats.  It was a great getting to know you event especially since many were from cities mostly from all over North America but a couple from Europe.  I would recommend afternoon tea at the MO to any brides bringing  a number women together for the first time.  I think it helped make the wedding reception more pleasurable as we had already had an opportunity to meet.  Angela made it so easy to arrange.
3	My only complain is if you are going to add 18% gratuity please inform the guest first. I used to be a server I always inform the guest verbally or written on the check. It's really shady especially comes from an international hotel chain.
3	I am struggling with how to correctly rate this place. This is the 2nd time I've been here and it was just as nice as the first. The view is great, the service is excellent, the tea is good, and the crumpets are fine, but I've experienced better.In terms of crumpets, I've definitely had and seen better presentation and pickings. Not that MO's was not good and pretty, but I really think they should kick it up a few notches.In terms of tea, the selection isn't too bad. It has a little of everything to soothe everyone's taste buds, but presentation is very basic. I've had tea over at Petrossian at Bellagio and they give you the fancy DIY tea sets. A little fancier, but hey, it's hitea after all. In terms of service, they are very solid. No buts there.In terms of view, it hands down beat out Petrossian.So why the 3 stars? It just doesn't feel like a true hitea. Maybe MO should take some pointers from The Peninsula in Beverly Hills. Now that my friend, is hitea!!
5	Really nice place to drink some tea and catch up. I love that they give you a variety of things to eat because they all have their unique tastes. It is almost like an adventure because you never know whether you'll taste something tangy, sweet, or savory. Afternoon Tea service for two with all the sandwhiches, scones, and desserts will add up to $95.66 and that includes the $13 gratuity. We didn't get to sit next to the window because it was always on reserve for someone. I recommend making a reservation for a window table because there are only three. Next time I bring a friend I plan on making a reservation for one of those seats. Each person will get to choose a tea of their own. One pot of tea actually is really reasonable though. We had two tea pots and could not finish them both. We just had to choose two teas because we purchased two sets of the afternoon tea bundle.It really is a nice place, very relaxed. I tried the Lychee green tea and the dragonwell green tea. Both were so smooth and tasted amazing! I almost wanted to ask if they could put it in a to-go cup for me. There are also champagne packages for large parties. I don't remember exactly the price but they are over 100. I thought the tea lounge would be in a room, but it actually is in an open space at the top of the mandarin hotel. It is right next to the front check-out. They call it a sky lobby because the actual check-in lobby is at the 23rd floor. A little hard to find with all the different buildings in city center, but if you ask anyone of the workers they can point you in the right direction. Great first time experience. I am looking forward to trying out other tea service joints around the strip.
5	Fantastic tea service. Personally, I find some teas are too sweet or flowery for my taste. Not only were these flavors tempered, but the temperature was perfect. The height of warmth without burning. The Matcha was my favorite green tea. The brunch itself was classic and filling. A thorough menu and experience.Also, it was my girlfriend's birthday on our visit. Though I did not make any special requests in advance or upon our arrival, the waitress was wise enough to see that we were celebrating a special occasion. After she inquired if it was someone's birthday, she brought a special red velvet cupcake to mark the occasion.
4	Impressive... A bit on the pricey side plus the 18% gratuity doesn't sit too well with me however the Petit pors are #OUTSTANDING!! And the view is the BONUS!!
4	Elegance, service and scenic view are the highlights of our trip to the Mandarin Oriental Las Vegas. The entrance is tucked away inside City Center and is void of smoke or gambling noises. Hooray! The lobby is small and quiet and you know immediately you have stepped off The Strip. We then take an elevator to the top floor to reveal an amazing view. And this is where you sit and enjoy being served high tea on comfy couches by very professional and attentive servers. And again it is quiet and without smoke or slot machines.This hotel is a true resort for relaxation and decadence. The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because we did not get to enjoy all that the hotel offers. This was not our first high tea experience, but it was the first high tea experience for us in Las Vegas. And we will be back!
5	This is the first tea lounge I have visited in Las Vegas, and I really enjoyed my experience.  Once you arrived to the main entrance of the hotel, you will find the elevators to the right to bring you up to the 23rd floor.  The tea lounge isn't exactly named, but it's the only "lounge" area you will see once you step out of the elevator. The staff was busy when I arrived, so I just waited at the podium and was greeted shortly after. Our server, I forgot her name but she had the most beautiful long black hair in a pony tail, was so nice and hospitable.  The treats from the $36 per person tea set are delicious; I liked every one of them.  You may think $36 cost a lot and that you deserve more than 3 tiny plates of food, but trust me, it's plenty of food.  They are also generous on the tea; it's free re-fill.  I had the jasmine pearl, and that was good.  My mom had the matcha latte, and I LOVED it.  She liked mine more, so it was the perfect switch! We weren't seated by the window, but that was ok.  Maybe I will request to be seated by the window next time if I feel like it.  It was fun and definitely recommend it and will be returning soon!
5	Just realized I never reviewed this place.  One of the best afternoon tea sets I have had the pleasure of consuming! If it weren't so pricey (but hey--it is the mandarin oriental, what do you expect?) I would definitely make this a more regular thing.All the little sandwiches were delish and I love how they let us substitute the meat ones with smoked salmon since we are pescatarian.I'm not much of a sweets person so the fiance ate most of the desserts from what I recall. However, the scones were amazing and the jams / cream (?) they came with equally superb so I definitely remember those as they were the most memorable part along with the mini smoked salmon sandwiches.Excuse the lack of details but it has been a few months since I visited...pictures are worth a thousand words though so just check them out :)
3	I came here a while back but I am writing today as I just joined yelp about three months ago. We came to our reservation a bit early and and the hostess was going to seat us that was not near the window. So I requested and got the best seat in the house, on a couch right in front of the windows! Beautiful view of the stip! The lounge is not very big and it's right next to the check in desk lobby. I did not like that and wished it was in a separate room. It is not an ideal place to come with a big group. I had the Gong Fu Cha and tea ceremony, not sure if they offer the tea ceremony anymore. Anyways, the lady did a great job with the tea presentation however she spoke so softly that I could not hear her. The tea sandwiches were good. In my opinion, the picture looked better and the menu was pricey.
4	Very pleased...have always wanted to try afternoon tea. Scones with cream and currant jam os fantastic. Since it was quite warm... we went for their cold drinks -- coke and orange black tea. The tea lounge is certainly a place to get away from the smoky casinos and street noises. It would have been perfect if the hotel lobby is not right next to the tea lounge. The only other disappointment was losing our reservation. Thank goodness there was available space for us, otherwise the long walk woud have been moot.
4	My first time to have afternoon tea here...I love the view and the scones were my favorite!! So good! The selection of tea was ok. It is pricey but most places usually run about the same. 30-40 per person. I was expecting the place to be a little bigger and have more of a "wow" factor but it's really just a lounge. Service was good and the hotel itself is very classy. I recommend to make a reservation in advance because the area is small.
5	The lounge is located in the open space in the lobby area on the 23rd floor between the desk and the bar. Make reservations as there is limited seating and very popular. The view is really nice and even better as the sun is setting and the Strip lights begin to turn on.Available from 1-5 PMGong Fu Cha Service: ($15) Traditional Chinese activity that showcases the art, elegance and harmony of enjoying a special blend of Dragonwell tea. 3 person minClassic English Afternoon Tea: $38+Choice of Tea+Smoked salmon & cucumber w/ watercress spread+Creamy devilled egg in a shell w/ Paleta Iberico and lavash+Goat cheese tartlet w/ apricot jelly, dried fruits & spice bread crisp+Black Forest ham sandwich+Scones w/ Devonshire clotted cream and Chef Philippe's house-made marmalades & jams+Chef's selection of assorted tea pastries Menu 11/23/2014~~ Loose Leaf Tea ~~ $12-- Black Tea --+Mandarin Orange Blend: Custom black tea blend (specifically for Mandarin Oriental LV) of orange & mandarin flavors w/ light vanilla undertones+Pu-Erh Tou Cha: Characterized by succulent leaves which have been pressed into small bowl shapes called Tou cha and is prized for its distinct earthy flavor+White Tip Darjeeling: This tea, treasured for its ripe, complex flavor and floral bouquet is a clear favorite for lovers of Darjeeling's distinct muscatel character. This tea is a well-defined cup infusion from the first flush of golden-tipped leaves+Golden Assam: This second flush, large-leaf golden-tipped Assam produces a full-bodied cup with a deep copper liquor, noted for its lively character and distinctly malty flavor-- Green Tea --+Mandarin Blossoms: High grown estate China green tea, perfumed with the essence of fresh mandarin oranges+Organic Lychee Green: Perfumed in the traditional Chinese manner with a sweet and complex bouquet of lychee+Matcha: High quality Japanese green tea freshly ground into a powder+Imperial Spring Dragonwell: The Dragonwell is praised for its jade colour,vegetative aroma, mellow chestnut-like flavor and singular shape. This tea is pan-fired, which gives it an inviting and toasty aroma, and also has a sweet,rounded flavor. Full, nutty and pleasantly dry finish-- White Tea --+Jasmine Pearl: The finest fragrant leaves are selected and rolled into a tight pearl, sealing in a sweet scent deep within. When submerged in hot water, these hand-rolled fragrant pearls unfurl seductively in your cup releasing an enchanting Jasmine perfume-- Artisan Blend --+Jasmine Earl Grey: Blend of black and green tea leaves, perfumed with Jasmine and accented with blue cornflower petals. Noted for its seductive, citrusy, bergamot flavor and uplifting aromas-- Oolong --+Jasmine Green Oolong: Aroma of night blooming jasmine perfumes this blend of fancy oolong and green tea leaves with a rich body+Osmanthus Oolong: Top grade oolong tea from Formosa delicately scented with rare Osmanthus flowers. Highly coveted and prized for its champagne aroma and deep rich flavors+Monkey Picked Oolong: Legend has it that monkeys were trained to pick the choicest leaves from wild tea trees, which were enjoyed exclusively by the Imperial Court. It has a fresh orchid aroma, a bold fruit flavor and a sweet, lingering finish-- Health and Wellness --+Introspection - Herbal Blends: Mint and chamomile, accented by allspice and cloves+Life Through Water - Rejuvenating Tea: Green tea, organic peppermint, organic yerba mate and lemongrass+Peace Through Water - Calming Herbal Tea: Caffeine-free. Chamomile, lavender and lemon balm+Cold and Flu Blend - Comforting Herbal Tea: Boneset, hyssop, yarrow and elderflowers are blended w/ peppermint, ginger root, lemongrass, lemon peel and thyme for an infusion that eases aches and pains, congestion, lowers fever, and helps make you feel betterBlooming Tea: ($16) Peach Artisan Tea - Peach-scented and hand-tied w/ a crown of chrysanthemums and jasmine flowersIced Tea: ($7) Mandarin Orange Black Tea - Custom infused black tea leaves w/ a hint of mandarin orangesCame here on our last day in Vegas since the BF had always wanted to come here and it was a great way to relax and kill some time before our flight. We both opted for the Classic English Afternoon Tea as we didn't want any alcohol before our flight (there are tea service options that come with champagne). My BF chose the Jasmine Earl Grey while I had Monkey Picked Oolong. The teapots are enormous! I felt just like a little kid again pouring tea into the cups. Everything looked beautiful and tasted delicious. The BF had a fun time playing with the creamy deviled eggs holder and spoon since they're magnetic. We had a late lunch and was still full so we weren't able to finish all the desserts. Service was prompt and not over bearing. Great relaxing environment. I highly recommend doing a tea service here. I would like to see what the Gong Fu Cha Service looks like next time if I have more people joining me.
5	Best Afternoon Tea!Their tea lounge was the perfect place to get together a cozy group of girls for my friend's bridal shower. They were super accomodating when I asked the day of, if we could push back the reservation an hour later. The lounge was smaller than I imagined. We had the best space in the place-- up by the window with two loveseats. Great views overlooking the strip. I'd highly recommend you request this spot when reserving. Beautiful array of bites with an extensive tea list. "Monkey-picked Oolong"-- um, yes please. Totally worth the splurge-- pinky up!
5	Love this for a fun and fancy daytime activity with girlfriends or mom. I have had so much fun both times that I have been.  I love the mini food items and delicious desserts. Great cocktails too!! The service is fabulous, view is amazing and just a peaceful spot, and great experience.
2	My husband and I both had the Classic English Afternoon Tea, which came with 4 sandwiches, scones, dessert pastries and our choice of tea.Unfortunately, whoever designed the dishes clearly only cared about presentation (which, to be fair, was beautiful). Our Black Forest ham sandwiches was slathered with too much mayo and there was a goat cheese with caramel wafer combination that was inedible. The desserts were adorably decorated, but turned out to be insanely sugary in the toothache/assault on your senses kind of way, and we didn't finish a single pastry.The highlight of our meal was the tea, which was good, but not great. Nothing else was notable in the positive sense.We left the place hungry and grumpy.Skip this unless you don't particularly want to enjoy food with your tea service and value appearance over function.
4	This was my first time doing the tea time and so glad I popped my cherry at this place. Totally swanky tea lounge on the 23rd floor of the Mandarin Oriental hotel. Very quiet, relaxing and peaceful environment (keep in mind I went on a Monday afternoon though. I am sure it's busier on the weekends!)We got the English Tea set and I ordered the Green tea w/ lychee flavors. The tea was quite good but it got lukewarm after a few minutes which is my pet peeve - I love my teas pipin' hot! The finger foods were very high quality but most of the items contained items I am not a huge fan of (e.g. smoked salmon, curry chicken, etc). I actually was hoping for more simple cucumber/ham sandwiches since they go so well with the tea and are easy to eat!The dessert was a total miss for me. Way too sugary and sweet for my palate and I barely touched them. I would prefer more finger sandwiches in place of the sweets! Overall, service was great too and the server was very attentive.
5	This place was absolutely delightful. I took my niece here and we had the afternoon tea with the cute little pastries. It was almost like a prix fixe style. We ordered the jasmine pearl and lychee green tea. We sat right by the window and we got the best table over looking the strip. The lounge is on the 23rd floor right next to front desk. A small tea lounge and great decor very cozy. The menu seemed a bit overpriced,  but it was worth it because the mini sandwiches and desserts were scrumptious. I believe afternoon tea is only from 1pm-5pm.  We had some fresh buttermilk scones, tea sandwiches (smoked salmon with cucumber was so yummy!) , and finished with dessert.  Our server was friendly and attentive. I can't wait to return!
5	Wonderful afternoon tea! Went here for afternoon tea. Beautiful and peaceful ambiance. The tea selection is good. Friends and I got 2 pots of tea, the macha green and peach herbal. Both were lovely. The peach tea was a flower, and lovely  to watch bloom once the hot water was added to it. Service was second to none. Very attentive. Also loved the fact that they offer a vegetarian menu as well! Loved the goat cheese tart, and the scones were amazing. A definite treat to go here!
4	This is a great place to have a relaxing afternoon tea on the Strip. It is easy to get to (good location), but far enough to escape the Vegas chaos. I would recommend calling and making a reservation. We weren't smart enough to do so, and had to wait around 30 minutes Sunday afternoon.They had two options for afternoon tea with tasting: the classic ($38) and a special holiday edition ($45 with proceeds benefiting the Nevada Ballet Theater). Both include a pot of tea. We went with the classic: I had the Mandarin Orange blend (the house special) and the BF had the Monkey Picked Oolong. Both were really good. We are avid tea drinkers (especially of the Chinese variety) and really impressed by the quality of the tea. You can also request milk, sugar, and honey to go with it.The food was very good too. The tea comes with 10 bite-sized snacks: 4 appetizers, 2 scones, and 4 desserts. My favorites were the curry chicken with Asian pear and the scones. The desserts were almost too cute to eat! All in all, one of the best afternoon teas I have had. Oh, also, if I were to do it again, I would request one of the tables by the window (floor to ceiling windows) so that you can have a really nice view while you enjoy.
5	Amazing Experience!I made a reservation for my Boyfriends 21st Birthday, and I'm so happy I did!Tea is a big part of our life, so having this in Vegas is fantastic. We came around 3pm for afternoon tea, and choose "Classic English Afternoon Tea" Just for 1 because I know the food served with it would be enough for both of us. Then ordered another pot of tea. We both choice "Monkey Picked Oolong" because it my absolute favorite. Our sever was young, and very nice at explaining everything to us on how the afternoon tea works. The other customers were business professionals, and older wealthy looking women. So it is defiantly an upscale event. The tea was brewed perfectly, and the pot of tea they give you last a good 4-5 cups. The snacks with it is presented 5 star, and the tastes are unique. My boyfriend was very surprised and was very pleased with the whole experience. Overall, yes I would recommend this for anyone who loves tea.
1	I'm a native Las Vegan and went to the Mandarin tea room on Dec. 28, 2014.  Believe me I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE AT ALL!!!!   Highly overpriced, uncomfortable seating and I've had better tasting food at every other tea room I've visited in several years.  The Children's Holiday tea was not available and we were not told when we confirmed the reservations that very day.  There was no substitution for tea sandwiches for the children.  We couldn't even get them to remove the turkey from the turkey and cheese roll-ups (which were STALE). We did remove the turkey but the roll-ups tasted so bad no one would eat them.  I'm sorry to write such a bad review and I doubt it will get posted; however, I would not want the many wonderful people who visit our city to be taken in by this farce of a tea room.
4	Great experience for a first timer doing English Tea Time ... at the Mandarin "Oriental" Hotel of all places :)Service was top notch, love the Jasmine White tea I chose to go with my Classic English Tea Set.  Really enjoyed the curry chicken and loved the cucumber sandwich w/the salmon on top.  Scones were good but I thought the desserts were way too sweet and that's coming from me.Love to visit again, this time I'm just getting all cucumber sandwiches hahaha
5	This place looks amazing and the views are spectacular! I booked a table for 7 a few months in advance because i knew a reservation would be needed. We came here for my sister's bachelorette recovery day and it was well deserved! I got the matcha green tea and it was a beautiful forest green color! The china here is very pretty- all of us girls were commenting on how gorgeous the china is.The food is hit or miss. There was a goat cheese dish that a lot of ppl did not like and few of the desserts were a bit too sweet. I loved the chicken curry drum stick and the smoked salmon dish.I would definitely come here again and would recommend it for bridal showers!
4	Visited on a Friday night, Dec 26, 2014.This is an upscale spot, with a live jazz band that wasn't so loud you couldn't hold a conversation (we were seated at the bar).  The bartender was friendly, and made my buddy one happy camper with the suggestion of visiting Top Shelf to purchase the rum he was looking for.This is a spot to take a date for an intimate conversation, where the drinks are priced to keep the riff-raff out.I've actually been here for High Tea too, which was enjoyable.  My biggest complaint is that they are going for a tranquil atmosphere, but what barely constitutes a wall-divider separates the lounge from the front desk... so a lot of foot traffic is a bit distracting.  Good for a place to see and be seen, but not ideal for tea.
