5	Perched atop the Stratosphere, 1,149 feet into the Vegas skyline, are one-of- a-kind thrills that will have your heart racing for days after you experience them. The Stratosphere roof is home to the Big Shot which launches passengers 160 into the air in just 2.5 seconds to experience 4 Gs of force, then drops them back down to the launching pad to 0 Gs.  I can't speak to the other two rides -- X-Scream and Insanity as they've opened in recent years.  But, they look freaking SCARY!!!  Check out photos of them at: http://www.lasvegashotels-online.com/resorts/stratosphere-hotel-casino-tower/?ggle=stratosphere&gclid=CIq34JC8vJICFQP_iAodF2odqwThe last time I was on top of the Stratosphere,  a rollercoaster rimmed its outer edge and the Big Shot was new.  It was exciting though!For those just looking to enjoy the view, there is plenty to take in from the Stratosphere observation deck. Set at 869 feet high with a 360-view of the city, the Stratosphere's outdoor observation deck is the tallest of its kind in the country.
5	WOW! I am a big fan of thrill rides and I got totally freaked out once I saw the ones here.I rode the X-Scream and it was like a rollercoaster car on a see-saw. It kept tipping out over the edge of the building, then our car would roll down to the very end. All we could see were the buildings way, way below us and it seemed like there was nothing between us and them.The Big Shot is one of the scariest rides I've ever seen. Since I was riding alone I couldn't bring myself to ride it. But think the Superman ride from 6-flags, but that starts way up in the air and takes you up higher.
5	I did all three of the current rides - Insanity, X-Scream and Big Shot - on my birthday a couple years ago.  They aren't as bad when you're actually on them, and it probably helps that I'm blind as a bat without my glasses that i wasn't allowed to wear on the rides.  Seriously though it doesn't seem like you're up that high when you're actually riding on the ride.  Insanity was downright pleasant, you get to see people eating in the Top of the World restaurant and wave to them while you're flying past.  It's when you get back OFF the ride and see other people going on the ride you just got off, that you go "OMG I went on THAT?!"  Also while you are waiting in line and have to see the rides going round and round umpty frat times it will scare you worse than your actual turn on the ride.
4	Love roller coasters - long or short ride!!! I went here a few years back and got on all three rides! It was a great thrill for such short rides. Plus, you forget that you are so high up! There are also great views of Las Vegas up here. I love my keepsake photo from here and would definitely go again soon!
5	These rides were awesome!!!I saw this place on TV right before my hubby and I hit Vegas. Being an amusement park freak, I had to go on these rides. So I told my hubby, this is the only thing I MUST do. So we went.First we on the big shot. It is so high up there and you really do get an amazing view. First they drop you, then you kind of linger up there going up and down. Since the structure supporting the ride is on top of a ridiculously tall building and the structure itself isn't that tall, the actual distance that big shot drops you isn't that long. So no need to freak out.X-Scream wasn't too bad. You can feel the brakes kick in before you reach the end of the rod. It really isn't too scary and you feel supported by all the safety features of the seats. Insanity was actually scarier then what I expected, because it takes such a long time to get on and off and the anticipation kills you. They slowly take you away from the building and back. When you are dangling up there, don't look down between the seats. It scares the heck out of you. Overall, it was very very sunny up there, but I also got a nice breeze so it's all good. Remember to lose all the loose objects on you, like sunglasses and stuff. Rides aren't as scary as you get in amusement parks.Oh, one last note. The instant photo box at the observatory takes the worst pictures ever. Don't make a mistake of spending 5 bucks for photos that will hit trash straight.
5	LIke cheap thrills?  Vegas is full of them and this one is well worth the $15 bucks or whatever they hit you for.  After all, the entire thing takes place over 100 stories above the ground.Picture this...you travel up an elevator to the 110th story of the building to access these rides.  From there, they have a few different options.  One ride lets you hang over the edge on a roller coaster car.  Ths is called the X Scream.  I hear the front seats are the best.  Another ride takes you over the edge and spins you around.  I cannot think of the name of this ride.  My favorite, and the only one I have done (five times), is the Big Shot.  This is a ride that shoots you straight up and drops you down a few times.  It is the glowing red pole on the top of the Stratosphere that everybody in Las Vegas can see.Once, while riding the Big Shot, I sat next to a Japanese businessman who was wearing a collared shirt and tie.  When the ride took off, he apparently forgot to secure the money he had stuffed in his front pocket.  It went flying and he screamed out, "My Moneeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!"  I felt bad for him, but happy for the folks that live and walk around the Stratosphere who clearly benefitted from this mishap.If you don't want to ride anything, they have plenty of space to walk around indoors and outdoors.  They have coin-operated binoculars to play with, a place to eat, a gift shop, and numerous places to take photos in front of the famed Las Vegas Strip.  Good for all ages.
5	5 stars man. All day long. There's 3 rides that they operate. -Big Shot - this ride just shoots you up and brings you down quicker than you can say, "Cat in a hat". -Scream - is the scariest one of them all... it freakn tilts you off the side of the building and it does it 3 times. I'll admit it... I was scared. :-( -Insanity - this basically mixes the contents of your stomach. Jk. This ride, after it boards, swings out off the bldg and basically spins you at about 10mph (or maybe more) for about 3-4 minutes. This is a WILD one at night. IF you're gonna visit... go here at night for obvious reasons. Enjoy! Price for the 1st ride is about $21 and $15/ride additinal thereafter. My friend is a wuss... she tired it and LOVED it... scale it for yourself!
4	Didn't ride on any of the attractions but our fam paid to go up to the tower and see the sites. Great views. :)PARKING: Self park - walk thru the casino, up the escalator, thru the ticky, tacky mall and after a security screening you're taken by elevator up to the top. WALK TIME: 15 min walk - 15 min wait.
3	This thing is far from the strip. But it does give you a great view of vegas, so its worth the trip.Now they have a couple of rides, if you're into that stuff and aren't afraid of heights then go right ahead and enjoy yourself. Its always fun to watch the people scream as they realize what they've done.Take pictures and be amused. I didn't ride any of the rides, I just took pics of the view. It looks like everyone had fun.
5	If you are creating a bucket list these are these rides for you. I enjoyed all of them -eventhough I had my eyes closed. At least I can say I did it! These are a must do and well worth the money!!!!
5	5 stars because its unique... not the tower itself but because they have 3 basic thrill attractions on top of this huge tower. I know some people may not understand why they charge $10+ for rides, but its the experience your paying for. We did all 3 rides after a couple of shots and one very bad Bud Light Lime. Soooo much fun. Its hard to decide which ride i wouldnt do again. Not because Im cared, simply because it may be something you only need to do once. I know it sounds way lame... but this was one of the "coolest" things I've done ina while.
4	First and foremost I did not get on the rides, but the boys did and I'm basing my review on their reactions.(And because I didn't go on the rides though, I can't possibly give it a 5 yelp rating, cause I don't think that's fair).The guys had fun on all the rides, and I thought the prices were actually pretty fair...especially the 3 ride deal.  You do have to pay to go up to the observatory area (the areas on the sides of the rides), so I wasn't too appreciative with that...but at least that also meant I would be able to get some good pics. The guys definitely enjoyed their time being a bit surprised at the X-scream (the see-saw like one), The Big Shot (the straight shot up and free fall down), and the Insanity (the Swing ride over the side of the hotel).Their favorite unanimously was The Big Shot, followed by the Insanity.  Judging by the looks of all their faces (from the pics they bought), the Big Shot definitely was the one that scared them the most.  I give it 4 stars simply for that image alone.
4	What an amazing view! We didn't ride any of the rides, but came here solely to get a bird's-eye-view of the strip and the sunset over the Vegas mountains. We spent about an hour here, taking pictures and going "oooh" and "ahhh." This place is a must for tourists, and I would love to experience it again.
5	Went on the big shot and the roller coaster - wow -- a one of a kind experience.
5	I went on all three rides.  Insanity was first.  It's a machine that dangles you three football fields above Las Vegas and then spins you around for a little.  Then next was X-Scream, which simulates a roller coaster pitching over the side of the building (perhaps an homage to their older roller coaster?).  Both are "exhilarating", similar to narrowly avoiding an errant dumptruck when riding your bicycle, or having a guy with his gun out give you a lot of trouble then leave.  There is also a freefall ride, which is totally limp-dicked compared to the other two.Five stars because two of the rides are just shockingly frightening.  State of the art.
5	Ever since I was a small child I have loved scary rides.  Or perhaps I should say I have searched for the scariest rides and have always enjoyed myself but never truly found a ride that took me to that next level of totally pissing my pants.So it's with great pleasure that I can finally say I have met my match.  I rode Insanity at midnight to ring in my 30th Birthday. Insanity changed me. The ride is absolutely terrifying.  If you've ever wondered what it's like to be dangled and spun around 109-stories above the ground, I suggest you fly to Vegas right now because Insanity is waiting for you.  I screamed my head off, and prayed for it to end, but it was awesome, and likely something I will never ever repeat.X-Scream, the second ride we hopped on plunges you head first down the side of the Stratosphere, only far enough to wonder if the brakes are going to to fail. Again, completely terrifyingly awesome.The Big Shot is a free-fall ride, a la Tower of Terror, it was cool, but paled in comparison to the other two rides.The three ride package is the way to go with these amusements, unless you are totally nuts enough to get the unlimited ride pass, in which case you're bolder than I.
2	For the price, this was a big disappointment.  The biggest issue we had was it was windy, and the ticket agents just took our money and never said anything about rides being closed.  Then you wait in line to go up there in some seriously stinky elevators.  You get up there and half of the outside observation deck is closed off so you can't walk all the way around the tower.  I felt short changed.  The rides were very brief for the money too.
5	I've been there twice - once at night, and another time at sunset for a breathtaking panoramic view of Las Vegas both in the day and at night. Of course, Vegas is always prettier at night. Still, watching the sunset is always a beautiful experience....As for the rides - I've always been a fan of thrill rides... now pair that with hanging off the edge of a building as you see the city below you or being shot 160 feet in the air at 45 miles per hour as you overlook the city.I personally think it's well worth the $30.
5	OMG! Once is enough for me in this lifetime.  I honestly was terrified!  Everyone should do this at least once!!!!!
4	The stratosphere as a casino or hotel or hot spot is not happening, don't try it. But, you can't miss it when flying in or outta this town since it's the tallest thing going on. So my tallest friend (6'2") and I (6') being curious and sometimes territorial or defensive around other tall ladies thought it appropriate for our long-tall-drinks-a-water to try this one out for size. We went after day 6 of a 10 day driving cross country road trip and it was the first thing we hit up after checking into our hotel.  We got there around 8:30 or 9pm so it was dark by the time it was our turn. And even though vegas is hot as blazes in June it was cold and windy way up there. We just got in line, and got on the ride, both getting more nervous as we allowed ourselves to enjoy the amazing view. Then we were buckeled in, and shot up, straight up so fast then free falled for a few seconds before we were able to get a scream out. Then the loudness rang in our ears of eachothers screams. and flash, our terror was caught on film. We agreed afterwards we each had atleast 1 second of being convinced we were somehow going to die. Very scary being that high up but very beautiful and highly recommended if you haven't done it. I probably won't venture that way again - those were my college days, I prefer to keep my time in more swanky establishments these days preferably with my feet somewhat on the ground. But I'm glad I've got the memories.
3	Its pricey, your up high and my kid is a thrill seeker.i couldnt go on it but everyone who got off the ride loved it! im scared!!
3	While staying in Las Vegas last summer, my parents and I decided to check out the rides at the Stratosphere. We walked ALL the way to the other end of the strip just to get there (very bad idea, but oh well!).  We finally got there and headed up to the top to get the tickets.  My mom and I are total roller coaster fanatics, so we were excited to check out these rides.The first one we went on was the drop zone like ride.  This is a little different though however because instead of taking you to the top and dropping you, they instead just shoot you up really fast and let you fall.  It was pretty scary and gave me an instant rush.  The next ride we went on was Insanity.  I'm not too afraid of heights, but if you are, don't go on this ride!  You are sitting in circle and strapped in and the ride dangles you over the side of the building and spins you around in a circle.  I loved it, just because I love rides that spin and let you get a lot of air.  But you are at the very top of the building so if you have a serious height problem then this ride isn't for you.The last and final ride was called X-Scream.  I am so GLAD that my mom and I didn't sit in the very front.  Before I sat down in this ride I hadn't seen it go so I had no idea what to expect.  It looked as though there was just a piece of track hanging over the side of the building and we were in the only car.  Basically, you're strapped in and the car shoots forward VERY fast, giving you the feeling that you're about to shoot off the side of the building.  But at the last second the brakes slam and basically keep you from falling off.  I was SO scared.  I kept thinking the brakes were going to go out!  Anyways, after about 5 minutes of that agony, we were finished with the rides.I think these rides were worth the try but next time I visit Vegas I won't make a point to ride them again.  They were just great to try for the fun and I'm glad I can cross them off my list!
3	The design of the rides is well-executed, in that you get a fantastic view of the city and they are incorporated into the structure of the hotel. They work well conceptually. I had a few issues with the overall experience that make me glad that I don't want to go back. The rides are extremely short, especially Big Shot. Luckily, I hated that one only because I felt so helpless and near-death (too sober maybe?). Second, the lines were long and boring. Typical for an amusement "park", but something I could have done without in Las Vegas. Just to go on one ride, I had to wait in five lines. (Ticketing, admittance to elevator area, elevator wait, second elevator wait, line-specific ride.) Third, way too many people continue deliberating whether they'll do the ride even after they're strapped in. It's frustrating to watch someone hold up the ride for so long. The operators don't take it upon themselves to keep things moving. They'll let an idiot kvetch about it for 5-10 minutes because, hey, they get paid by the hour, what do they care.
5	Although I give these rides 5 stars...I will prob not ride them again!lol...I'm glad I got these thrill rides out of my system!  I went on X-scream and the other one that twirls u ...Insanity?  I did not go on Big Shot.... I think I had a pass to go on them for free cause I was staying @ the hotel...prob wouldn't of done it otherwise....but I'm glad I did it.   I like insanity better than the one that just drops u...the whole time I was thinking...OMG, what if it just broke off!  Insanity is cool cause it  literally just hangs over the tower and twirls u and opens u up and u r just looking down at the city below u ...kind of freak, but so cool...like I said...glad I did it, but prob won't do it again!  I went in the day time...no lines at all for me!  If u want to choose between Xscream or Insanity and u had to pay, I would say go for Insanity!
2	The Stratosphere has three rides they offer and during my visit only two were open. One has the built of a roller coaster and shoots you off the building (really lame and short). The second ride is 10 better. A crane like hand, hangs you over the side of the building and spins you.  I imagine kids would love them but I wouldn't recommend them to any adrenaline junkie. $12 per ride.
4	Came here and rode 2 of the rides, the xscream & insanity. I enjoyed them both very much but the insanity (the swing) was way more fun! It just swung you around & around while you dangled off the side of the Strato. Awesome!I came at night so the view of the city was amazing.A great pit-stop for the night that gets your blood pressure up!I will for sure ride them again some day..
4	I came there and rode all 3 rides. I got the wristband and we did it at 2am. I think the rides are thrilling and it's awesome seeing the Vegas strip while on the ride. I think it's a bit expensive but it was worth it. It's much prettier at night and I would go back especially to see someone else on it
4	I LOVE roller coasters and thrill rides. The Stratosphere offers 3: 1) Insanity: 2nd highest thrill ride in the world; it dangles you over the edge of the tower and then spins in a circular pattern at around 40 mph2) X-Scream: 3rd highest thrill ride in the world3) Big Shot: highest thrill ride in the worldThe Big Shot is by far my favorite: it shoots you up at a speed of 4 G's and you drop down at 0 G's. After the first "shot" though, the rest aren't as scary because they involve less distance. Insanity was not scary at all, unless you're super afraid of heights. I kinda just sat there twiddling my thumbs until the ride was over. You get an AWESOME view of Vegas though, since it's basically right below your feet with no barrier like glass to get in the way. X-Scream was slightly scary because of the acceleration which threatens to take you over the edge.
2	I actually expected a lot more than what I got, especially for the $36 unlimited ride band.  First up was the X-Scream.  This is the gay little car that pretends to shoot you off the building.  Since the track felt like it shot us only 10 feet, I was not scared one bit.  I thought the thrill would be more exciting, but it was really a dud.  Thank God there was no line on the day we went.  I would have been thoroughly disappointed for this short ride.  Next we went on Insanity.  Who was the genius that designed the black seats in Vegas?  Maybe it's good for killing genital crabs from a fun-filled night in Vegas, but most of us don't need that level of disinfection.  We had to ask the ride operators to cool off the seats with water.  They looked at us like we were the first ones to request this.  How can you possibly sit on a black vinyl seat in 107+ degree heat in the blazing sun without scorching your legs and ass especially when you're wearing shorts?  Once we finally got the seat cooled down, we were brought back to homebase when the other dude in the adjacent seat decided to whip out his camera as we pulled away and started to dangle over the building.  That's a big no-no.  I guess you can accidentally drop it and kill someone below.  Finally, the ride resumed and we were on our way to spinning off the ledge.  It was somewhat cool, but still didn't really thrill me at all.  Last was the Big Shot.  This was most like the "Drop Zone" at Great America.  It launched you up and dropped you and gave you a split second of weightlessness.  Wasn't really long enough to scare you, but it felt really cool.  Wish the drop was higher.  Again...I was very grateful there was no wait otherwise I would have been pissed.  All in all, these three rides wasn't thrilling at all and not worth the $36.  I only rode each ride once.
5	If you love the feeling of dropping from great heights,  these rides are for you!!!  Incredible.  The euphoria of dangling over the edge of a 109 story building is indescribable.....
5	Wow just wow. Here for $40 you can enjoy being shot from a base and have a zero g's  falling experience with an awesome view. A roller coaster like ride which take you off the edge and drops down simulating a free fall. And a spinning car ride which takes you 45' out from the tower and spins you angled at the ground. Really a good time.Plus for $100 + jumping off the tower and keeping a dvd of the experience is priceless if these rides don't rattle your nerves too much.
2	The rides are WAY too expensive.  And you have to pay for the visit up to the observation deck, just to get to the rides.  The X-Scream is WORTHLESS.  It pretends to drop you off the side of the building, but it doesn't extend very far and you can totally tell it's REALLY safe, so there's absolutely no fear.  You can get a better thrill imagining jumping over the guard barrier and falling to your death.  The Insanity attraction is relatively fun.  It feels like it will cause your shoes to fall off, and it's definitely creepy at night.  I highly recommend this ride, especially if it's your first time to Vegas.  Now, the only truly worthwhile ride, in my humble opinion, is the Big Shot.  That ride ROCKS.  Imagine how mad I was when I went there the other night, and it was the only ride that was SHUT DOWN because of high winds.  I'd have ridden it anyway, even with the high winds.  So dumb.  High prices + one worthless ride + one OK ride + one awesome ride (shut down) = 2 stars.  And the Stratosphere should be grateful for those two stars.
4	After seeing that the stratosphere was the view from my hotel room (we stayed at Hilton Grande Vacations on the strip) and a friend had told me about the spectacular view, I dragged my brother's family to see this "spectacular view". We went on Thanksgiving night and the line was not too bad. Also, it was a bonus that they have a military discount for children and adults; they were nice enough to include me. So right away I was like all-right. Riding in the elevator is a little uneasy, but it's quick enough. Once you're up there it's quite a view. And they have a nightclub/lounge that I may have taken advantage of if I wasn't hanging with my 9 and 4 year old nephews. We saw a guy bungee jump and that was simply ridiculously amazing, just to see his face when he came up was priceless. The other ride they have is a little unnerving, it's a roller coaster that is on top of the building that goes back and forth, each time it goes further and further off the building - talk about stomach in your throat.  While inside in the observation deck/area you can see the edge of the rollercoaster each time and hear the screams. All and all it's an awesome view and if I were you I'd take advantage of it.
4	I'm not going to mince words...it's kinda expensive for what it is...until you think about all that you're getting in the price.In the interest of full disclosure, I'm a roller coaster wimp.  I love them, but I'm so terrified of them that it takes me forever to work up the nerve to go on even one ride (yet, I will skydive out of a plane without pausing...yeah, let's all ponder on that conundrum for a moment).  So when my brother and my husband wanted to go on the rides here, I was both excited and terrified.First, to get to the Thrills (which is on the rooftop of the Stratosphere), you need to purchase your ride tickets (~$40 for the unlimited ride band) and go through security (which is awesome because the guards have such a great sense of humor and good humoredly "frisked" me for the cameras.  Hey, I'm Asian, we do weird pictures...it's cultural!).Then you take the elevator up to the top.  As all of this is outside, I recommend that you do this on a nice day (I personally prefer night), it'll make the rides more pleasurable.  I know that everyone complains that the X-Scream is too short.  It's a ride that pretends to shoot you off the side of the building.  And while most people complain that it doesn't shoot you out really far - I would like to point out one thing...the thing that stops your cart from going off the track and plunging to your death is a 5" little rubber stopper.  These machines look like they were last served in 1987.  Think about that for a minute.  NOW tell me that that ride isn't scary as all bejeezus!Then there is the Insanity which goes around the ledge of the Stratosphere.  Personally, I thought it was exhilarating and definitely curled my toes up in excitement/terror!  Also...magnificent view of Vegas...if you can stop screaming long enough to appreciate it.Finally, my favorite of all the rides - the Big Shot.  It's like the "Tower or Terror" in DisneyWorld, or "Drop Zone" at Six-Flags.  Basically you are strapped in a seat and shot up, before you are dropped.  Again, magnificent view of Vegas...if you can stop screaming long enough to appreciate it.Now, I know the majority of you are like, eh, 3 rides for $36?  Even unlimited that's just "OK"...but here's what makes this so awesome: standing at the rails, and staring at the twinkling lights of magnificent Vegas.  It's the only place that I've been able to find where I can take in the entire Strip all at once.  Also, with a good telephoto lens, you can get some awesome pictures.
5	I can't come to Vegas without heading to the top of the Stratosphere for their "thrills".They are up to four now - Sky Jump, Insanity, X-Scream, and Bigshot.Sky Jump - This is relatively new and I've yet to try it out...  They boast it is a 108 story free fall, but you're on a zip-line and go a bit slower than what an actual free fall would be.  Having said that, I'm still sure I will poop my pants a little when I finally muster the courage and money to do it.  At $99 a jump, I don't see myself doing it regularly.The following three rides you can buy an unlimited wrist band for, which I recommend!!! It's only $34.  So worth it if you love thrill rides.Insanity - This one is, as the name promises, insanity!!  About 5 two-seaters hang from an arm, facing inside to each other.  The arm moves out to over the edge of the Stratosphere, with NOTHING below you and only a lap bar.  A LAP BAR.  No shoulder harness.  No.  Ok, you're in a seated position, no problem, BUT then you start to spin.  As you spin, the dangling seats you are in start to fan out i guess.  You go from seated position to belly facing the floor!  WTF?!?!!!!?  Yeah.  It's awesome.X-Scream - Meh.  Somehow it is dull compared to the others, but that is just my opinion.  You might love it.  Try it!  Basically you are in a little car on a short track.  It tips down and the car moves forward, and you feel as if you are going to fall right off the side.  Of course you don't.  The track tips back and forth a few more times.  Worth trying.  :)Big Shot - the BIG BOY!  Or as my brother would say....  "its called the ba-ba-buoy."  This right is THE BEST.  Simple in the fact that it only goes straight up, but holy @#%$ it is exhilarating.  You get blasted up - once you hit the top, you have a bit of a free fall which makes your insides turn.  I always intend to take in the view when I'm up there, but I'm always busy screaming my head off.  Or looking at the airplanes that are eye level.  So yeah - if you like thrill rides, you probably should swing by.  :)
2	Don't understand why people love the Stratosphere Thrills.  The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because you get to see a nice view of Las Vegas.PROS:- Nice view of Las VegasCONS:- Expensive (Both rides and esclator going up)- Rides are mediocre and will close if weather is badThey only had 3 "thrills" when I was there: Insanity, X-Scream and Bigshot.  Insanity was closed when I visited and I decided to just ride on X-Scream since I have done "thrills" similar to Bigshot before.All I can say is that X-Scream was LAME!  Total waste of my money.  Heard that they added a new one called Sky Jump recently, but I rather put my money in the slots than waste it coming up here again.
2	The 2 stars instead of one is for the view....now the rest:INSANELY EXPENSIVE TOURIST TRAP, don't be a sucker!Sky Jump - extremely over-priced 100 ft fall, then you get jerked hard by your harness and fall the rest of the way just kind of waiting for it to be over and feeling sick... about how much money you've just spent on this crap.Insanity - Kind of fun, but lasted literally 20 seconds.  Most of the time you're looking at the stratosphere also, not Vegas.X-Scream - over in 5 seconds and doesn't go over the edge unless you unbuckle your seatbelt and jump... which I don't recommend.Big Shot - the only remotely cool ride, it gives you some serious G's on the way up!  Then you come down.  Big Shot is only ONE shot, keep that in mind.If you like thrill rides, these are not thrill rides.  These are tourist traps to take your money and leave you feeling robbed.  New York New York has an ok roller coaster, and the NASCAR cafe's is pretty long.  If you want the only ride worth your money though head way south of Vegas to Buffalo Bill's Casino and ride the Desperado all day with no line for like $20, or once for $8.
5	First of all, I enjoyed the amazing view. Second of all, I yacked on a ride. Lastly, I would do it all over again.  Five stars because that's what happens in Vegas.
4	As a person who barely gambles, I considered the stratosphere the highlight of my most recent Vegas trip. I went with a friend who lives there with a car (I'd have never bothered otherwise since it's way off the main strip) and the rides were super fun. We bought the 3 ride deal, which cost a pretty penny. One ride was closed due to wind, but oh well what can you do. I wanted to be safe! It was exciting to watch the free fallers and watch other people on the rides. It was a very fun experience cause I'd never felt quite as death and danger defying on regular amusement park rides. The stratosphere had that whole new level of scary thrill being 108 stories up gives. When you do the tower of terror-esque ride, it feels like you are literally in the middle of the sky. Very fun and scary!
4	More like 3.5 stars, but generously rounded up.Cost was $26 for tower admission + 2 rides. That's pretty expensive for rides that lasted maybe 2-4 minutes each? But it seems normal to milk tourists for what they're worth :(...especially at the Stratosphere Tower, where they take any opportunity they can to snap photos of you and sell them back to you for 10x what they're worth. It was pretty annoying.Nonetheless, the employees were nice and friendly. My friend and I were too scared to ride Insanity sitting by ourselves because nobody else was there, so as we were waiting, we chatted with one of the ride operators. It was soooooo hot that afternoon of May 12 that it felt like we had been waiting forever -- more like 10 minutes in reality though. The man we had been talking to said the ride lasted about 5 minutes because it takes time to move it over the edge of the tower. The spinning itself lasted probably 2 minutes though. It was thrilling, but not as terrifying as some people would lead you to believe.X-scream was *ok*. We sat in the second row 'cause I was a pansy. But still, it wasn't shit-in-your-pants scary. Maybe at night? IDK. But DAMN the seats were burning my ass. Stupid sun.All in all, was it worth it? Probably. Would I pay that much to do it again? No. It was one of those things you only need to do once in your life.
5	Jumping out at 855 was scary but so amazing . Very nice staff they r helpful with any needs u have. Get the DVD and picture package. It was great.
4	Last year when we went to Vegas, I kept these Stratosphere rides (and all other coasters in Vegas) a secret from Travel Chica. I wanted to avoid any reason to throw up other than a possible hangover. Haha. Well, I told her I owed her a ride or two this time around, so I was prepping myself to get on a ride with her. However, we were running low on time so she said just don't worry bout the rides. "I've got season passes to Six Flags anyway," she said. Well, Deus Ex Machina... we were granted free tickets from God. We were in the elevator and the guy operating the elevator asked if anyone wants to ride one of the scary rides. I just HAD to open my big fat mouth, and said "she does!" pointing to Travel Chica. Next thing you know, we were both holding tickets in our hands for the Insanity ride. "Now don't chicken out!" the elevator guy said. Aww shiet. I tried giving it away to a friend of ours but he made me keep my ticket! Damnit!So we finally get on the ride. I'm cool, I'm cool.. Until the ride moves us all a million stories high. Great. I found myself looking down into oblivion. Hm... well it's not so bad after all. Next thing I know, the ride starts moving. And suddenly the Frozen Hot Chocolate I got from Serendipity made me feel even more un-serendipity-ous. I have a strong stomach, but not this time. I felt like I was going to make it rain in Vegas, but with spew, not cash! So I shifted my focus to the people standing on the Stratosphere, but not much better. So for the 3 minutes or so we were on the ride, I think I opened my eyes for 30 seconds or so. Maybe less. It wasn't so much the speed as it was the height and the motion combined. If that was 3G it was pretty slow. On the ground, that ride would have been a piece of cake even for scaredy-cats like me. My friend was disappointed by the ride, but turns out I made her day. I spent the entire ride singing "I believe I can fly" at the top of my lungs, trying to calm my nerves down. It was the only way I knew to avoid throwing up!Yes, this scaredy cat would do it all over again, but I'll make sure I go on an empty stomach and maybe this time I'll open my eyes for the rest of the 2 minutes and 30 seconds.
4	Okay, I don't know if other people were forced to sit in the FRONT of the X-Scream or not, but I found it freaking terrifying! Before heading to Vegas I had looked up the rides and decided that if there was 1 ride I could handle it was Big Shot, and if there was 1 I could NOT do it was X-Scream.Well the night we went to Stratosphere there were crazy winds, and for some reason they were only running X-Scream. So thankfully we had just gone downtown and drank 2 footballs full of frozen drink, so the liquid courage in us managed to convince us to go for the X-Scream anyway. We were the only people at the time, so they made us sit in the very front. If you're one of those people that overthinks rollercoasters and other rides, this is a great way to freak yourself out. It's not like it goes that fast, and we only got dipped over the edge twice, but it really freaked me out to be that high up hanging over the edge!Also, I had to buy the photo after cuz it was so hilarious how terrified I look in it!!!
5	chillin' in Vegas and looking for shit-your-pants thrill rides?  head over to the Stratosphere and pack a few diapers.Insanity is definitely insane- you're hanging over the edge AND spinning at about 3G's.  take in the scenery and notice all the lil swimming pools while you spin.i had the chance to sit front-row on the X-Scream but pussed out.  come on i'm not that hard core!  i had fun with the pseudo drop off the edge of the building, but i don't want to watch my possible death happen.Big Shot was just a glorified free fall in both directions but still a must thrill ride for novelty's sake.i'm pretty butt hurt they didn't have the SkyJump when i was there, but for $100+ i'll just go sky diving.
1	THERE ARE NO SCREAMERS ON THIS RIDE!I tried getting on the XSCREAM ride in the past 2 years and  when I did, it was a total let down. It's not thrilling OR scary. I was literally bored! This was not worth the trip, money and effort .  This ride resembles a teeter  tot  as it tilts back and forth off the roof of the Stratosphere Hotel.  I think to have an ounce of fear you will need to take the first row, closest to the edge of the building but even then there were no screamers.Background history of my crazed determination to ride the XScream:Previous times when I was in Vegas,  I was unable to go to the Stratosphere because I didnt have enough time to include this in my trip with the girls, the ride was closed due to high winds, or I missed the last elevator due to long cab lines getting there.  Total disapointment!ADMISSION:$22 per person which includes the ride and tower fee
4	For about $30 you can ride each ride once - $34 and you have an all day pass. No these aren't the longest rides in the world - and probably not the most state-of-the-art. I will say that it was a lot of  fun and certainly thrilling from 11,000 ft in the air! We had to wait due to some lightening and were pleasantly surprised that the gift shop had 2 beers for $7 - great price! They aren't trying to nickle and dime you once you get up to the top so sit back and enjoy the view!
4	You head up to the top of this already tall tower and then you can head outside at the top.Been twice - both times windy as hell which was scary in its own right.We went on the X-Scream(?) which shoots you off the edge of the building with a slight drop. We sat at the front and they made me take off my specs which made it even more terrifying as I saw everything in blur. Would have like to enjoy the views and with things in focus it may have made me poo my pants!The other was the one that shoots you up in the air and lets you free fall a little with the ride and then shoots you up again. That was fun and the views at dusk are amazing. I love that you can look out and see all the lights and then you look a bit further and there's nothing - darkness reigns.At the time we went, it wasn't too busy at all. Quite pricey though mind you.
4	This is definitely a "gotta do it (at least) once" Vegas thing.The Stratosphere is a novel concept--like none that I've ever seen.  It's intriguing and unique.  Only problem is, it's probably too expensive, like everything else in Vegas.  If you're going to do it, I'd go in the morning, get the unlimited pass, and bring your camera.  I'd ride all the rides, get some good pictures, and then come back at night and get more good pictures.Breaking these down, one at a time:1 - The X-Scream - Not all that thrilling or exciting.  If you have an unlimited pass, do this one first as a warm-up.  It's a neat concept, but not that cool.  Neat view, though.2 - Big Shot - Great ride, especially because there's a perfect blend of "terror" and "fun."  Not to scary, but really high, and definitely has an edge.  On this ride, you are on top of Vegas, no doubt about that.  Just for the view, this makes the unlimited pass worth it--you can ride it a number of times in a row, looking in different directions every time.3 - Insanity - Holy s**t.  I actually thought this one may be the least unsettling out of all the ones on top of the Stratosphere.  Boy, was I wrong.  This is AWESOME.  Though, this isn't a good mix of terror and fun.  This is WAY more terror.  It starts off like a regular carnival ride.  And then you're over the side of the Stratosphere, feeling the G-force, FORCED TO LOOK DOWN.  Holy CRAP.  Insanity is a great word for it.  You start to see your life flash before your eyes, and it starts to hit you when you see the curvature of the actual tower from the angle that you're spinning.  Yikes.  There's  something about that view that just GETS you.  Wheeew.Anyhow, definitely worth the trip, at least once.
4	Worth it... to see the nice view of Vegas and the landscape. The ride was okay, but definitely unique. Most people wouldn't go on the rides, but it was fun. I admitted I scream. But who wouldn't if you're facing down towards the street and you feel like you're going to fall out the seat. Great for pictures and perfect place to visit for family. Tickets were about 25$
3	OMG for YEARS I was soo scared to go on these rides and finally went on 2 of the 3 on my last trip: Insanity and X-Scream.  First of all, we were there in August, so waiting in line in the hot sun was not part of the fun.  Secondly, I didn't know that they would take a picture of us during the ride!First was Insanity (the one that extends over the Stratosphere and spins) and that was a little freaky, but not as scary as I thought it was.  I didn't raise my hands very high, maybe only 5 inches off the handle bar, but it was a big step for me!  X-Scream (The one that propels you downward & upward over the Stratosphere) was less intense than I thought it was going to be - we were 3rd from the front, so it might have been worse if we were first!  I think I raised my hands higher (just a little) than on Insanity & I totally spocked the camera during the ride, so on our way down I looked straight at the camera with the biggest freakin' smile I could give!  It's a great experience, and at least I can finally say that I rode 2 of the rides!  Once is enough, but if someone else pays again - I'd do it!  And in much cooler weather too!
4	Its a must do once....................tighten your pants, bring a second pair for the oppps when doing there rides(Check photos out) .........Buffet is good and I win there in the casino, 3 card, slots.
3	Yeah, super scary hanging over the side of the Stratosphere! The only ride I liked was Big Shot. The other two rides aren't really "big" friendly because the lap bars wouldn't latch over me. And it's not like I'm 300 lbs or anything! SUPER embarrassing to say the least.
5	I'm terrified of heights, I cant stand them and I've been on 2 of the 3 rides. I've ridden the Big Shot about 5 times. The feeling of weightlessness at the top is awesome. But half of the appeal of this ride and it adds to the terror is that you don't feel like your strapped in properly. Insanity, I recently went on this. You have no choice but to look down, in fact attempted to look up makes it worst because you realize all thats preventing you from falling to your death is a crane like arm attached to a tower 1000 feet above the ground. I didn't scream but clutched for dear life and focused on the ground like it was some sort of special effect. You have the option of paying for tower admission + price of rides or paying for an unlimited wristband. Insanity and Big Shot are worth re riding if you have the guts to afterwards.
5	This review is for the Insanity thrill ride. A thrill it is I must say. Never rode anything like this in my life. You get on the ride, on the tower, then it extends over the edge and spins. It tilts you at an angle where you are pretty much looking over a hundred stories down. Kinda scary but so fun. :) Will def ride again.Not for the weak stomachs lol Visited Aug 2011
5	I am a total adrenaline junkie so I figured this would be perfect!  I rode the roller coaster at New York New York so when my boyfriends sister suggested  Stratosphere I thought I had this in the bag.  I was actually surprised the price of the thrills were not "elevation inflated."  $31 got me a fabulous ride up 108 floors and 3 rides.  Up at the there is a nice gift shop, Airbar (a plus for those who are afraid of heights), multiple observation decks of which one has a designated smoking area, multiple eateries and 4 thrill rides.  The package I purchased was for x scream, big shot and insanity. First ride up was x scream.  Hmmm fear of heights kicks in and I cried like a little girl.  Yes, of course this was caught on a lovely picture my boyfriend purchased.  Ok so enough of that.  The ride was actually cool once I calmed down.  You sit in a jet looking thing and it takes you off the edge and you are forced to look straight down which is about 900+ feet.   Finally I'm off this one and insanity is next.  You sit in a chair and your lap is strapped in and a seat belt for extra comfort.  The ride moves off the side of the building, again about 900+ feet above the strip.  The ride found you around in a circle.  I did not cry this time.  It was quite relaxing.  Next we went to big shot.  A huge tower and seats on all sides of the tower.  This is the worlds highest ride.  You shoot up 1150 feet.  Look around and you are eye level with helicopters...ohhhhh crap I just free fell back down!  Weeeeeeeeeeee!  Nerves shot but on a high from adrenaline I am ready to go back to my hotel to explore more of Vegas!  Great experience!
4	I made my way up here after a recommendation from my sister during a weekend trip to Vegas.  I had to call and thank my sister for that!  I had just finished up the roller coaster ride at New York New York, which was fun, but does not compare to the Stratosphere.  The pricing at Stratosphere is also superior to the coaster at NY NY.  $31 dollars gets you tickets up to the 108th floor observation deck as well as passes for the 3 "standard" thrill rides.  You have X Scream, Insanity, and Big Shot.  In Vegas, that's some great pricing!  The staff at Stratosphere were all very friendly and helpful.  They also freely offer their opinions on which ride(s) they prefer which is really nice to hear.  Everyone has a different take on things so it's cool to get their perspective.Once you arrive at the 108th, you walk out to see the 360 degree observation deck.  While walking around being blown away by the amazing view of ALL of Las Vegas, you notice how spotless everything is.  Not so much as a smudge on any of the metal railings.  There is some serious pride taken in the appearance here!  There are a few different cafe style eateries to choose from if you need to snack.  (Though I'd wait until after riding to eat.  Think about your fellow riders after all...  LOL)  Also, for those of you who need some liquid courage there is Air Bar for your libation requirements.  After enjoying the sites, food, booze, you walk into the gift shop to find yet another set of elevators that take you up to the 109th floor to begin the fun (or terror if you are an acrophobe).First in the queue for us was X Scream.  It looks like a roller coaster type of car with a simple lap restraint system.  We were lucky enough to get the very front seats for this one.  Interestingly enough the track seemed very short and I wasn't quite able to figure out what I was in for.  Once the ride starts the railings fall away from the sides of the platform and the fun begins...  (I can't give the best part away now can I?)2nd ride up was Insanity.  The standard circular chair spin ride with a twist.  That twist is the fact you're suspended off the side of the Stratosphere tower 983ft above Las Vegas Blvd.  As the ride speeds up the centrifugal force pushes the chairs out so your focus is shifted straight down.  What a surprisingly pleasant and relaxing ride!  Or maybe I really am just that unbalanced.  Hmmmm....3rd and final ride for the night was the Big Shot.  Almost your standard "strap in, shoot up, free fall back down" ride.  EXCEPT!!!!  You are 1149ft above the pavement of Las Vegas Blvd.  At the peak of the ride I happened to notice that I was looking straight across to see a helicopter tour AT EYE LEVEL with me.  Yeah, that will get your attention to be sure!  You are able to purchase pictures from any/all of the 3 rides if you want proof of how bad ass you are.  Or how funny you look screaming and crying like a little girl...  There is a new addition to the thrill rides here that I didn't get a chance to sample.  It's a type of zip line.  But it zips straight down nearly 600ft.  I wanted to ride this, but between being late for a dinner reservation and the ride having a $110 ticket fee I had to wait for my next trip out.  Be sure to check back as I WILL review that ride after I get back to Vegas.  The lack of advertising for this ride and the somewhat pricey ride fee are the ONLY reasons this is a 4 star review instead of a 5 star review.
5	AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!that was me on the Big Shot screaming my freaking guts out. What a thrill ride. Only thing that worried me was that I would pee my pants but I was a trooper and held it in.  Loved it so much I wanted to go on again right after. Take a gamble and let yourself get shot up to the stars way above the strip and if you can keep your eyes open it is quite the view. What a sensation!!!!
4	I'm not even sure if I can write a review for this place lol....  I bought my tickets and headed up with much anticipation for a near death experience on my birthday week just to be asked to wait up to an hour before getting on a ride due to high winds...  :,/  "awwww...  Okaaaaaay...."   Long story short, never got on a ride...  However getting a refund was quickly issued and the staff were polite.  The view was still nothing short of amazing.  :)  Bright side?  ...  This means I HAVE to come back to Vegas and try again!
5	Alright, I have had this review unfinished for too long. I only have been on the X scream, but wanted to go on the other rides before I write anymore..When my relative told me about X scream, I wanted to check it out. its a roller coaster that is hanging over the edge of the Stratosphere. 3 slides over the edge and a surprise "drop" on one of those.. .it is pretty scarey to look down and see nothing but the parking lot.Pretty dope ride.
2	I couldn't find the page for Insanity, so I decided to use this to write about it as well as sum up my thoughts for the other thrills.  I've already written full reviews on the other thrills, hence they're short and sweet here.SkyJump - Kinda boring. It's much slower than I'd need for a true thrill and it's pretty much a vertical zipline that's not as thrilling as a decent horizontal zipline. I was paying a  lot of money for anticipation and hype as opposed to true thrill.   It's a 4 on the scale of 1-10.X-Scream- Nice concept of psychological torture but bad execution.  It's a 5 on the scale of 1-10.Big Shot- Nice ride with good thrills. Too bad that they shorten the following bounces by a significant amount and it could always be bigger and faster, lol. It's still a 7 on a scale of 1-10.Insanity-Very boring! It is a glorified merry-go-round! The creators rely way too much on the fact that you're up nearly a thousand ft in the air to make it any more interesting than a modified and glorified merry-go-round for children. The angle that you're at when the "claw" spreads out is not even steep enough for you to really face the ground all that much; it feels like a weak teaser than anything else.  Plus, whether it's merely 200 ft from the ground like some ground level amusement park rides or 1000  ft from ground shouldn't matter much at all as you're still likely to face the same or similar enough chance of death or other malfunctions at either height if something does happen *if* that is the only thing that worries you.  It is a 2 on the scale of 1-10.
5	FLEW OUT FROM SAN FRANCISCO FOR THE DAY JUST FOR THESE RIDES. Call me crazy, but I literally spent 15 hours in Vegas to ride these rides! Got a $29 RT flight, so it was completely worth it, and i had fun meeting people and riding with different folks from around the country. Rode the rides and found all the rides to be fun. I'm not scared of heights, i would have jumped off the tower, but im not 18, and the rides made me laugh because i was having too much fun at one time. The ride that only made me scream was X-scream which dangles you off the edge-and of course i put my hands up!Great rides, definately get the unlimited wristband. I went on each ride about 15 times, and spent 6 hours on the top level.
4	These rides are so much fun! And have great views! I've gone both times that I've been to Vegas and will probably keep going when I'm done. The only thing I don't like about the rides is the location. The hotel is in a far, sketchy area and is dirty. But the bar next to the rides is fun and the views are great. Just  know that you're only going to the Stratosphere for the rides and don't expect any more than that.
5	No argument this experience is a very personal one, what's thrilling for me might bore you to death. I think you cannot argue though, that this is a unique venue and a unique experience.I tried Big Shot and was really amazed. You believe you fly and it's hard to describe the mixture between fright, excitement and amusement while you are shot up and down with the whole of Vegas below you (we've been there at noon with the view at the Strip).I also tried Insanity which was nice, but didn't really thrill me. Mainly because the movement is predictable.Which was also the reason (besides the queue) why I didn't dare the X-Scream :-)
5	My husband and sister really enjoyed this place, I didn't ride any of them, but I enjoyed the bar. The prices are really fair, you can ride all the rides for like 30$ for a unlimited pass. I've never been here with long lines, elevators run all the time, and very quickly. The rides look thrilling, my husband LOVES them, he wants to come up here like once a week!
2	Only really worth it if you get the unlimited pass as each ride is only a few seconds long. But then you shouldn't do the rides multiple times - I'm not even 30 and I developed herniated discs after doing them.
5	The best feeling ever = INSANITY!
5	I love coasters, so I was excited to go visit the Stratosphere. I had seen all three rides on the travel channel. I got the unlimited ride pass for $34.The pass pays for the tower elevator ride and unlimited rides on Big Shot, X-Scream, and Insanity. This is the best deal, if you are riding more than one ride. There was a little wait to get to the top of the Stratosphere. The elevator ride to the top lasted a couple of minutes. I went during the week. The lines weren't very long. The Big Shot doesn't last very long but the free fall is pretty cool.Being so high up is insane. I really liked X-Scream. X-Scream has the best effect when you ride in the front seat. Being in the front seat feels like you will fall off of the Stratosphere. Insanity was my favorite ride. The ride spins off the tower at an angle. The ride has pretty good speed.This is a cool concept. All three rides have a great view of Las Vegas. The staff takes your picture on each ride. You can sky jump from the Stratosphere. Its basically bungee jumping off the top.You couldn't pay me to sky jump but it looked realy cool. If you are in Las Vegas, I highly recommend going to the Stratosphere Thrills.
3	Before reading, know that I have been spoiled by awesome rides and coasters in other places like Magic Mountain in Valencia, CA.I went on all 3 rides here. The only one really worth it is the Big Shot at the tip of the tower. There is no need to go on any of the other rides except maybe the one that makes you feel like you're going to fall off the tracks. The green spinning one doesn't need to exist.I did the rides during the day but I would have preferred doing them at night because the view of the main Vegas strip would have been more awesome. During the day the view all around the tower is pretty nice but if I had to choose, I'd choose nighttime.Since I stayed in the hotel for a night we got a lower price for tower entrance and the rides.
2	I bought a all day ride pass and only used it once on each ride. It was not what I expected it to be.
5	Went here with the boo and some friends on our weekend excursion in Vegas, and I loved the experience! If you have a fear or heights this will make you shit your pants.The cost is average, but it's worth every penny. I recommend you get the pass that let's you ride all three rides. All three attractions are excellent, and they really push you to the edge both physically and psychologically. There's not much else to say except that if you ever visit Vegas and have thought of visiting the Stratosphere, do these rides, you won't regret it!
4	Normally rides do not scare me, but these definitely got my heart going! We went at night, which I'd definitely recommend. Its so dark and there are so many lights, it just adds to the disorientation of it all. We skipped Big Shot because it seemed like any other ride that went up and down - but now I kind of feel like we should have gone. We went on X-Scream and Insanity, though, and I'm so glad we did! In looking at Insanity, you don't think its going to be that bad (doesn't spin too fast), but you don't realize just how crazy it is until you are on it and slowly being pushed out over the edge of a building standing nearly 1,000 feet in the air! I'm not even afraid of heights, really, I'm always leaning over the edges of roller coasters and love being up high, but this is a completely different experience. I think it has a lot to do with the fact that you barely feel secure (but you definitely are). We couldn't really see X-Scream run before we were on it and I think that added to the surprise of how many times they'd shoot us over the edge and added to the fun. Not as crazy as Insanity, but still worth it. It seems over-priced, but for the view and the fact that its Vegas, it really isn't. I'd recommend this to anyone looking for a thrill in the Vegas area - one of my favorite things that we did while there!
4	$18 to go to the observation deck and another $16 gets you unlimited rides.  Great value.  Was there early evening in mid November.  Great night time view of the city.  My son (age 25) rode the rides. One time each for tilting ride and spinning ride and 4 times for the tower -Big shot ride.  The spinning ride left him feeling queasy.  He enjoyed all of the rides though especially the Big Shot.  The jump off the tower "ride" was over a $100, did not try that. Have to go thru a metal detector, security point to go up the tower.
4	Went here in May. Getting up the tower was interesting - there was a metal detector, Stratosphere peeps that forced you to take corny, touristy pictures with whoever you were with, and various elevators to get on. There might even have been an escalator somewhere in that mix. I'm not sure how, but we managed to get to the top. I guess it was confusing because it was noontime on a weekday and not a lot of people were around - thus no crowd to follow. Elevator attendants were helpful, friendly, and we chatted with all of them (one was surprised we were from NJ - and I was surprised how far and deep the cringe-worthy Jersey Shore stereotype runs).We only bought tickets for Insanity and were almost pissing ourselves on our way to it. After a few pictures, we went outside for the ride. The guys running it were sociable and funny. They didn't rush us to get situated because it was only myself and 2 friends. In fact, we were kind of just hanging out with them for 10 minutes until we finally got going. The seat they put me in was burning hot as it was directly exposed to the Las Vegas sun and I had shorts on. They were nice enough to cool it down with some water and found some tissues to place down for me. I felt like a diva but it would have been severely uncomfortable if I didn't say anything. Insanity turned out to not be that scary, but it still got my heart racing as I found myself almost parallel to the Vegas streets below. Awesome experience and the view from both the Stratosphere and Insanity is almost unreal.I'd recommend Insanity to people, but it's probably the least extreme of the 3 rides. There's a nice gift shop in the center. There is also a small lounge setup called the Level 107 Lounge (see my review of that). Add the Stratosphere to your list of places to go in Vegas. It's probably even better at night.Oh, and we ended up buying those forced tourist trap pictures they took of us. Because you only li-- alright, I won't say it.
5	This will be the best $30 you spend in Las Vegas!I don't want to spoil it for you, but you might shit yourself on X-Scream.And make sure you get a good seat facing the Strip on Big Shot. Otherwise, you'll be looking at the trailer homes behind the Strasophere.
4	FUN!! I love a crazy adrenaline rush and this is totally what you're in for up top the Stratosphere. I did the bungee thing which was fantastic but my very favorite was the ride that drops you off the side and then dangles you over the edge. If you're going to do it, go all the way and sit in the front row. Half the thrill is not knowing when you are about to be tossed over the edge. I was screaming along with everyone else in anticipation. The pictures they take are hilarious to look at after, while still shaking in your boots.
4	If you are a scared of heights avoid this place like the plaque. With that said the view at the top of this place is amazing. In every direction you look all you see are mountains which are all red from a distance. Beautiful. Now as for the rides. If your into thrills then this place is a must. all the ride are edgy and over the tops in your face. This is as close as you can come to falling without really falling. Loved it! didn't get to try them out at night which looks crazy by pics that i have seen but we were happy with the overall exp. Next time we will do this at night. Well at least I will because my wife is to scared!
5	Most crazy thing to do in Vegas and best View.Vary fun great thrills..Jump do it do it.
3	I'll start of by saying that it's not a true free fall, it's pretty controlled and you're well harnessed in, so no one need fear for their life.  The harness is pretty snug and is checked multiple times by different staff members to ensure safety.  The view of the strip from the platform you jump off of is spectacular and I suggest jumping at night just for the view.  Overall I wouldn't say that it's really worth the cost if you're into any sort of thrill activities, but I'm sure that it's terrifying and worth it for some.  Be sure to let the cashier know if you are military and you will receive a pretty good discount.
1	we always stay here as the rooms are so nice and pleasant but for some reason our last visit was not a good one.we waited hours just to check in and staff was not that friendly. Our room was not all that with no view besides the fact of paying so much for the room. Bathroom was extremely tight and small that u can hardly move in there. the wash basin was clogged and on and on goes the list... Many hotels give u a discount on their buffet but this one charged double of what other hotels charge their guests. not a good experience.
5	You cannot MISS the rides atop the Stratosphere!!!! AMAZING! Worth every cent! Id pay 100$ a ticket to ride the Big Shot! Really like no other =]
1	Stratosphere thrill rides were such a horrible experience, I don't even know where to begin! I'll try not to ramble and keep it to the point. GOOD:- Big Shot is the ONLY ride worth mentioning. My gf and I rode it a good handful of times 'cuz it really gets your adrenaline going. It's especially scary because you're already really high up...then it just catapults you up even higher and you see all of Vegas! BAD:- Insanity was a complete headache. Yes, it was creepy rotating that high up, but it's not an adrenaline rush. It's just a stressful slow experience. I had to close my eyes 'cuz I was getting bad vertigo and felt like I might get sick. Not fun at all. More like a torture ride. - X-Scream is completely lame. It tries to be scary and completely fails. Everyone just started having conversations with their significant others while on the ride...'cuz it wasn't scary at all. Might as well have just been on a bumpy tram.OTHER BAD THINGS:- Parking lot left me feeling very very uneasy about my car. After I parked my car, I noticed a space with a lot of broken glass. The type of broken glass that looked like someone's car had been broken into...in the middle of the day. - The casino itself is dark, dank, and ghetto. - The staff are unprofessional...and really seem like a bunch of high school kids who couldn't get jobs elsewhere, just goofing off everywhere.- The elevator to get up to the tower took forever! I don't know what they're doing, but we had to wait about 20 minutes for the elevator to come down. Very bad organization.-  Ghetto, ghetto, ghetto! I know Stratosphere is technically considered part of the strip, but I really don't think it's even up to par with Downtown Vegas...let alone, the Strip.
4	Maybe I'm too much of an adrenaline junkie to appreciate the Stratosphere Thrill Rides (considering I thought skydiving was a rather peaceful float thru the atmosphere). Or maybe my 3-year eager anticipation of the rides left me with an expectation that was impossible to meet, much less exceed (especially after watching them on Travel Channel's Top 10 Most Extreme Rides).  The Insanity was closed due to high wind (which was extremely disappointing for me because I love spinning), but I was able to ride the X-Scream and the Big Shot (my husband, on the other hand, observed from the skywalk).I thought about staying at the Stratosphere just so I could do an unlimited rides pass but after going on the rides (which weren't as thrilling as I'd hoped), seeing the ghetto that the hotel/casino is located in, and walking through what just felt like a dark, dingy building, I was glad we decided to stay high rent at the MGM and actually be near the action.As for the rides: the X-Scream shoots you over the edge of the tower and teeters you back and forth a few times (and by few, I mean like 3... it's almost over before it starts).  It's fun... but maybe because it catches you about a foot before you lose sight of the track that it wasn't really scary.  (At least that's what my new buddy and I thought while sitting in the front seats... we had a whole conversation about it while on the ride actually).  I really thought it was going to feel more "oh-crap-we're-going-over!!" than it did.  Don't get me wrong, the drops back and forth will make your stomach drop a bit... but it's definitely not piss-yourself-scary... it's not fast enough and doesn't get enough momentum for that.  Now if the car ever comes off the track it will be a long flight to the pavement below, but when you know, realistically, you're not actually going over, it's not that bad.  If you're afraid of heights, however, you'll probably be screaming in terror.The Big Shot, on the other hand, shoots you straight up, hangs you in this weird zero-gravity suspense for a bit, before dropping you down.  The anticipation of having no idea when exactly the launch is coming is probably the scariest moment.  Like skydiving, I enjoyed the gravity-free suspense of floating in space.  This one was definitely fun.  I could definitely kill some time just riding it over and over again for the adrenaline rush and the prime view of the Vegas skyline (get a seat on the front of the ride for the best vantage point).  I found it kind of tranquil... high above the bustle, way up in the sky, dangling in the air.  This was also when I wished I'd come at night to see the skyline all lit-up in its neon glory.The SkyJump, while I didn't do it (way too expensive), was probably the best for a truly heart-pumping ride.  Unlike skydiving, you're close enough to the ground to actually have a sense for how fast your falling which will give you the ultimate "heart-in-throat" sensation.  And, unlike bungee jumping, you won't have the jarring whip-lash at the end.  All of the thrill, none of the pain.  Win!!  Maybe next time I'm back I'll cough up the money for that one.
5	The observation deck at the top is the most stunning view in Las Vegas, and you can stay there as long as you want.  The windows are angled outward, so you can actually looked down below and see the base of the tower.  If you get a chance to jump off the top with a tethered cable, do it.  It's not really that scary, and it's an awesome thrill going down.  Well worth the $110.  If you pay for a jump, you also get 2 discounted tickets to the observation deck.
4	$18 to enter the tower. $15 for one ride. A little pricey for just one ride, but the ride was fun. Wished it would have lasted a little longer since we did pay $33 to get to the top and ride it.
5	The Big Shot was easily worth the extra $5 after paying for the tour.
3	I liked it.i was not allowed to use chest mount gopro camera, but all other people were using handheld phones!!!!  during the ride!!!, very unfair and stupid.
3	What an idiotically organized heap of confusion.The ticket kiosks require that you choose which ride you want by name. The names make no sense and all kind o' sound the same so first you have to figure out the name of the goofy thing you want to ride . The kiosks and an unused ticket area on the same level post adult ticket prices to go to the viewing area but not kids prices. There's no mention of kids at all. So kids are free?? That doesn't sound very Vegas but...Nope, they charge for kids too but kids tickets can't be purchased at the kiosks. They have to be purchased at the desk one floor below and it's only there that we learn that tickets for any ride are good for any other ride. Then why do we have to purchase them by name??UGGHHSo finally after befuddlement, frustration, trips to three different purchasing areas and counting on our fingers and toes to try to figure out how deep onto debt we'll have to get in order to get everyone up top we finally make it into line. And then they want to take another $20 out of our pockets for goofy photos.The rides are cool and are genuinely scary but the hassle to get up there diminishes the fun.2013 #152 / 365
2	Good poker room and great structured tournaments. Some of the wait staff is a little ride. They carded my friend for a bottle of water. Yes, water.
4	This is a review for the Big Shot ride.The ride on a beautiful warm clear October night? Amazing. The view of Vegas and the feeling of weightlessness made this a great experience for me. I could have gone on the ride several times; alas, I just had one ticket, and a fairly pricey one at that ($18). Yes, it is scary, but in a pleasant way.The observation deck is also worth a visit. Had we not been heading out for other activities, I would have loved staying a while. The building had a bit of a rundown feel. The process of getting to the top of the tower was unnecessarily complicated. Get on that elevator, then go up; get off; get on another one; no, not this one; no not that one either. Oh, those people aren't going on the ride? They have to get off here. Etc. etc. etc. It took about 10 minutes to get up to the right floor and probably 15 to get back down!They don't need an MBA to come in and analyze their organization. Just grab anyone coming down and ask about the elevator situation and figure out a way to get people up and down efficiently. It's not that hard. Great ride, though.
5	The worthiest money we spent in Las Vegas, only $30. The view is awesome on the top of the tower. You'll feel you are flying when you're riding! A good place for young people.
4	The rides here are amazing but very short (around 20 secs). I was worried if it would be cold on the tower as we went there in Dec, 2013. It was not that cold! We were the first few people to go in. The view from the tower was breath taking. Though the rides look scary, they are not. I was more thrilled to see others go on the ride than going in it myself. Guess should have bought the multiple pass tickets. We were not sure whether we would go for a second time and thus bought single time passes. As for the hotel itself, it looked old and dirty. Also a bit smelly. The area was a bit isolated (when compared to the strip). It took us about 1.5 hours to do all the rides and enjoy the view in leisure.
4	Loved Stratosphere Thrills!  There was a lot of debate over whether we should come here at night or during the day, and we ended up going at night.  Now I obviously don't have any experience riding in the daytime, but I'm almost certain that night is best!  Such a great view of the lights of the city and the strip!  My companion and I paid $34 each for an "all you can ride" pass because it wasn't that much more than the "admission + x-number of rides" passes and we figured that we'd stay up there awhile.  Totally worth it.  At 11:00 p.m. on a Saturday night, the top of the Stratosphere was almost deserted, and we got several rides in.Our favorite ride was The Big Shot.  We rode it three times in a row! It's at the top of the tower and is a freefall ride. It was very exciting.  My next favorite ride was Insanity, which swings you out over the side of the building and spins you around for a few minutes.  My friend could only ride once because the spinning nauseated him, but if you're like me and love that stuff, you'll be fine!  The third ride, X-Scream was also great.  It, too, shoots you out over the side of the building, lets you hang there for a minute, then reels you back in.  I definitely recommend the front row for X-Scream, as it was by far the most terrifying seat on the ride.I would go back to the Stratosphere to ride the rides!  It definitely met and even exceeded my expectations.
4	We rode the X-Scream. What a rush. The wind was so bad, they had the other two rides closed. Bummer. Would have liked to have rode them too. The view from the Tower is amazing. Although the location is a bit too far down the strip for me. And the building itself looks really run-down. But, we would probably go back again.
5	I came here with my dad despite my allergies. . . To high places. I realize it's not actually an allergy, but my heart rate goes up and I sweat like I'm having a reaction even just at the thought of being at such a height, so it may as well be. It literally took me about an hour, maybe two to muster up enough courage to get on a damned ride as we were there killing time at the bar, but I managed to do it.In general, I don't like the sensation of falling so Big Shot and SkyJump were immediately crossed off my list. Spinning makes me sick, as if the height wasn't doing that to me already, so Insanity was also out. That left the X-Scream ride, which is almost like being on a roller-coaster mounted onto a seesaw, the only thing I could barely be persuaded to do.I was on the Stratosphere's observation deck watching group after group of people ride the ride, and even had some alcohol, but nothing I saw made me feel any better. I even watched my dad get on the ride. All I could do was do my best to hold back tears. It was THAT bad. The only thing worse was the guilt of having my dad wait so long to see me ride it, so that's when I finally climbed up those fateful steps to the boarding platform and hold tight onto something. ANYTHING.The girl who strapped me in was talking me through it the whole time, but I had to tell her I didn't want to talk. I was too petrified. And what's worse, I had waited so long to board the X-Scream that by the time I did, I was literally the only person on it. It was now or never, so I just surrendered to my fate.The platform tilted forward. Then backward. Forward again. Then backward. Then forward again one more time. Before I knew it, I was already back at the terminal standing on solid but still hollow ground. When I saw the same girl again, I just gave her a hug and apologized for earlier.Vegas is a place to really enjoy yourself, but I had no idea I'd also be conquering one of my fears. Fortunately, logic told me that the statistical odds of an accident occurring while I was on the ride was incredibly miniscule considering the number of times this ride is operated on a daily basis, so that may have ultimately been my comfort. I don't think I'll ever do it again, but for all you thrill seekers out there with a much more solid stomach than mine, I highly recommend getting the $34 Tower Admission and All Day Unlimited Rides package. Individually, the rides are $15 plus the required tower admission.Check out their website for details and up-to-date prices for the rides here: http://www.stratospherehotel.com/Tower/Rides
3	After youve navigated the labyrinth of elevators to get to the top, the rides are not that bad. My only complaint is they are all way to short, especially the Big Shot. Wayyyyy to short. The Big Shot felt like it was 30 seconds tops. Insanity was enjoyed by all, and it also lasted the longest. X-Scream I enjoyed, but it was to 'jerky' for a straight track. Everyone else on it seemed terrified. The Big Shot was an intense feeling, when it went from positive to negative Gs, a great feeling. It also had the all around safest feel, if that plays any part in your decision. It was just way to short.The tower is worth a trip at least once, id suggest at night. Its literally a buck more for unlimited rides, worth it if you come at a slow time to  negate the fairly short ride times.
5	I remember watching a thrill-ride review tv show on these rides probably nine years ago and have wanted to experience them ever since. I'm a huge adrenaline junkie so the idea of hanging off the edge of a 1,000ft building sounds like a dream. Let me just say, these did not disappoint. I payed the $36 for unlimited rides so I was able to ride both in the day and night. Both were cool but I would say that the night rides were just a bit better - I mean, it's Vegas. The lights! Unfortunately one of the rides was closed due to high winds but I didn't mind as much because it was the one that spins and spinning doesn't go to well with me. I loved both the Big Shot and the X-Scream. The XS made me more nervous but just bite the bullet and ride in the front. You'll feel very secure and safe and it's just something you can't experience anywhere else. Lastly, all the employees were really great and friendly.  I'm recommending it to everyone.
4	"Best View In Vegas!"Hands Down!! If you are looking for the best view in vegas and you aren't afraid of heights go ahead and do yourself a favor and get on the elevator all the way up to the top! If you are feeling even more daring purchase a ticket for the rides on top!
4	Ride the Big Shot, it's amazing and super fun!  line moves fast here too.The other 2 rides just basically hang you or spin you over the edge, it'd be more fun if I had a greater fear of heights. also waiting for the other 2 in the hot sun is horrible, even when the line is seemingly short, it will take a long time because it can only hold 10 people per round.If you are going in the daytime, don't wear short shorts because the seats will burn you.  also prepare to get sunburned waiting in line in the daytime.  I would recommend going at night so you get a night view and don't have to suffer in a hot line
2	I purchased unlimited and I should've brought the one use pass the rides were ok. Great view however, the rides wasn't scary I'm and adrenaline junky and I love roller coasters but these rides didn't do it for me
3	My sister and I came in the evening, just in time to watch the sunset. The views were awesome. However, be warned, the rides are much scarier once you make it to the top. Hell, even the extra long elevator ride freaked me out!I did conquer my fears and tried the "Big Shot". I thought it'd be much more intense, but it's just like any other drop ride. It just comes with a great view. Also, its only about 30 seconds of fun for $15. I would've settled for the $20 elevator ride and stopped there. I'd say give the Stratosphere a try, at least once, during your Vegas visits. It's expensive for what it is, as everything is in Vegas, but it's fun and is something different.
3	There are three rides on the top of the Stratosphere, Big Shot, Ex-scream, and Insanity. You can buy a variety of ticket packages for these 3 rides. I opted for the $36 unlimited package.Big Shot: This is a free-fall style ride that involves sitting in a seat that is raised very quickly to the top of the tower and then  drops back suddently to the loading platform, giving you about 1 second of free fall. It repeats this procedure with a slightly less drastic fall a second time and then the ride is over. At least the line moves quick! I rode the ride 3 times in about 10 minutes.Exscream: The ride was malfunctioning the day I was there, but even if it was working correctly, I have to imagine this line would take forever. The ride essentially involves sitting in a chair that is jerked to to the edge of a platform making you think you are about to fall off the edge of the tower, repeated a few times. The ride only makes sense from the front two seats.Insanity: This is a standard spinner ride, that just happens to be on the top of a very high tower. It is kind of boring actually, but the views are incredible.In general I think Big Shot is the only ride worth doing unless you are insanely scared of heights. All the rides suffer from poor line management though. It's an OK way to spend an afternoon.
4	The all day pass is worth it. It was cold and windy but the lines are fast. Big shot is really fun but crazy. Yikes! And we also went on the roller coaster that shoots you out over the strip and drops you. Only negative was that we went back later to get pictures from an earlier ride and were told it was a hassle to go back... It was late at night and nobody else was riding or buying pictures... Poor service on his part.
4	The view was spectacular! We went up on a clear night and it was amazing. There is so much to do while up there too. I rode the X-Scream and it was a blast! I will absolutely visit again on my next trip to Las Vegas.
