4	Let me start off by saying I really don't like seafood... so I'm not very qualified to review this place. However, my friend invited some of us to stop by here Friday to celebrate her just-received and hard-earned master's degree from ASU. So I went. We ate in the oyster bar area. The place is really cute. Sure, it looks kind of corporate, but in a nice way. It's definitely the kind of place I would want to stop by for drinks with my friends. The wine list was OK, and they had some nice sake and martinis. Our waitress was great and really friendly. The seafood platter they ordered smelled good.. and everyone who ate it said it was tasty.It's definitely a bit pricey, but if the seafood is really that fresh, I guess it's worth it. I'll probably bring my parents here when they visit and then I'll try something off the menu. The choices (aside from the sushi and seafood platters) range from pricey things like $20+  for the trout or the macadamia-nut crusted halibut to $12 tuna melts. In the meantime, I have a good opinion of this place.Oh, and it's actually in the parking lot area of Tempe Marketplace, not in that annoying pedestrian part dubbed "The District." So that earns it some points, too.
4	Our first visit here was mostly a pleasant experience.  I had the Yellow Tail Tuna, spinach, and rosemary potatoes.  My gf had Fish and Chips.  We shared a bottle of Riesling.  It was very busy on the Saturday night we went, so instead of sitting out the one hour wait we decided on eating at the bar.  The fish was terrific and fresh--I understand it's shipped in same day from Los Angeles.  I felt the "chips" part of the Fish and Chips were kinda lame given the price of the meal.  Also, occasionally a really nasty odor wafted in--I think maybe a sewer smell from outdoors coming in through the open windows.  That only happened a couple of times & I wouldn't expect that to be the general experience for people eating here.  Altogether a good eating experience.
4	I'm no seafood aficionado, but this place seemed pretty good to me, and I hope it sticks around because fresh seafood like this (and at these prices) is fairly unusual here in the desert. Our table tried the fish and chips, swordfish, seafood kebab and catfish -- and all were satisfied. As noted in other reviews, the staff is jovial and the atmosphere is pleasant. Whew -- saves me a trip to Boston!
4	Almost any place that has Stone Pale Ale can get 4 stars with me...  I've started taking visitors here regularly, especially if they want fish.  They print their menus new every day to reflect the fresh fish.  The garlic roasted asparagus appetizer is the best I've ever had.  Sometimes, I just want this for lunch all to myself.  I keep experimenting with the fish, and I've been both pleased and disappointed.  Had dry Thresher Shark once, and I don't really like their blackening seasoning.  And their side items suck.  But if you're looking some good fish or oysters, and hate side items, check it out...
5	Hands down the best place for bivalves. I've dropped about about two hundred bucks on oysters there and have never been disappointed with one of them. Sitting at the bar (go figure) I like to start with a Stella and a dozen huge slurpers with some hot sauce. When a few friends show up we move on to the crabcakes and crab legs.  After a few more Stellas and few more friends we do oyster shooters till Lindsey cuts us off. Of the oysters, I mean.  Apparently their labor costs were getting a little out of hand with our group ordering so many. I love this place for the food and the good service. A definite must at the Marketplace.
5	Great atomosphere, great food, great service. At our table we had the salmon, yellowtail, sand dabs, and scallops. Scallops & Sand dabs were out of this world. We're all on diets so we passed on the big yummy looking load of sourdough bread. (ahhh bread). Our server was cute, he offered to bring us Rye because I told him we were all on diets.  I dont usually get geeked up about salad dressing, but the basil vingeratte was really good! The sand dabs looked more like Patrole sole & had a yummy lemon caper sauce & my scallops were perfect.
4	Super-nice staff... our server was attentive and friendly. The decor/ambiance... well, it looks nice. As we walked up to it, we noticed a very fishy smell - that's never a good sign at a fish restaurant. However, we noticed on our way in that they had some oysters sitting on some ice at the bar and we decided to believe that's where the odor was coming from and not the actual entrees. Our menus were even fancy and clean and had today's date printed on them, so we knew we were getting some fresh shit. Overall, we were pretty impressed. Now, I'm usually at a loss at fish restaurants since I'm more of a deep-fried cod and chips sort of guy. Most foo-foo fish places think the fish doesn't need any sauces or spices. To me, most fish tastes about the same - like not much. It's all about texture basically. Anyway - I had the Halibut and it was tasty - although a bit dry. It was also pretty expensive for a restaurant located in a mall built mainly for college kids at 26 bucks - though it did come with two "sidekicks" (which i assume refers to the fact that they will feel like a baby in your belly kicking your sides and squirming for the rest of the night).They brought us some bread to snack on and it was great sourdough (the butter pats looked like 6 pack abs). The mac and cheese sidekick was very tasty and the fries weren't so bad. I mean, there's really not much else to say - I got great service and ate my food until I was bursting. The only drawbacks were the price and the Halibut was a tiny bit dry (but still good). I tasted the Salmon as well and that was prepared perfectly (but I don't like salmon). I like this place better than Wildfish simply because this joint lacks the pretension you get with the type of patron it attracts. King's is very nearly a 5 star... I look forward to hitting this place up for a happy hour sometime to save some bucks. I'm also looking forward to getting some shrimp or scallop dish.
4	I had lunch here and enjoyed it very much.  The menu is very diverse and loaded with good fish and other seafood.  The atmosphere was nice and the service was quick...although a little over attentive.  I will definitely try dinner her.
4	Tried this for the first time Saturday night.We got there around 9pm and it was still really busy - we waited in the bar and enjoyed bloody marys and popcorn shrimp. Both were excellent.Once we got seated (about :30min later) we ordered the breaded halibut and the crab legs. I was impressed by the excellent service and overall food quality. I will definitely return and recommend Kings Fish House.
3	One word comes to mind: overpriced. Then again, I'm no fish expert and can't really fathom why a pasta dish would reach $30 or why their appetizers can be $12. The prices for oysters are reasonable. The ones I had just weren't shucked properly. Every one I slurped came with an unexpected piece of shell. It was really a bummer. This place does have a helluva lot of sauces to choose from, though, if you're adventurous. Their Happy Hour menu isn't anything impressive. Not at all. Yucky American beer, like Bud, counts toward the $3.25 pint. Nothing else does. They do have a great Honey Ale and also offer Moose Drool here, as well as Orion, the best Japanese beer you'll find. And it costs $7.50 for the 22 oz, whereas you'll pay $9.00 for the same at Kabuki.They also have a short sushi menu. It's not too impressive, but it's enough to pique your interest. I really loved their Rainbow Roll. Maybe it's b/c we sat at the bar, but we barely got any service. And it began to annoy me. We had to ask for water. We had to ask to order. We had to ask for another 'round. We had to ask for soy sauce trays. We had to ask for just about everything, in fact. The atmosphere is ordinary - what you might expect from a place called a "Fish House." Nothing really stood out to me. Would I be back? Uhm, maybe, since they do have a couple good beers available, they serve fresh fish and they have a pretty wide selection of oysters to pick from... I just hope next time they're shucked properly. I would like to try their King Crab/Shrimp appetizer. It was served to the gentleman beside us. It sounded good on the menu. It looked even better in person. All in all, an okay place. But again, I think it's overpriced. You can easily walk out of there having spent $40 on a beer, a sushi roll and oysters.
2	I drove by this place a bunch of times going to Tempe Marketplace and from the outside it looked like a cool place that was worth a try. I went with a work group and we got crab cakes and calamari as an appetizer that were decent. I ordered the trout, which was just okay, it was quite plain tasting, not much flavor. I can't really say too much good about this place, its nothing special, it acts like a step up from Red Lobster, but its really not. At least Red Lobster has great smoothies and cheddary biscuits.
1	It's rare that I take the time to write a review but my experience here was so bad I felt compelled to alert anyone who is considering dining here. My husband and I had a night out and were looking forward to good food and conversation-we had spotted this seafood restaurant and thought we would give it a try. We went in and immediately it was clear that we just seated ourselves. Then a friendly waiter came by and took our drink order. However, it was at least 15 minutes until the drinks returned. Looking over the menu, we quickly realized that it was more expensive than anticipated (most dishes running between $15.00-30.00)But we rationalized that it's worth paying the difference for quality seafood. So, we placed our orders.When the food came out and we glimpsed the plates-immediately we were concerned. The presentation was awful and the portions small. My meal consisted of overcooked Talipia, with a small, sad pile of potatoes and coleslaw. I don't consider myself much of a cook but I can tell you that I've made far better fish and potatoes at home. My husband took one bite of his shrimp and pushed the plate away. His shrrimp, also overcooked, was completely unappealing and repulsive. We discussed the situation and both decided the last thing we wanted to do was spend roughly $70.00 on a horrible meal. We agreed that we'd had far better at Red Lobster. The price rivaled one of my favorite seafood restaurants The Chart House (where I can guarantee you, you won't be disappointed). We flagged the waiter and asked him to remove the meals from our ticket and that we'd go elsewhere for dinner. Something my husband and I had never, ever done before.  The one good thing I can say, is that both the waiter (and the Manager who came by) were very apologetic and accomodating. They were the one bright spot in a truly awful experience.
4	4 Fabulous stars! My mom and her boyfriend were in town and I have heard good things about this place so we decided to check it out. My spring mix salad was good, but standard. Let's face it, we did NOT go for the salad anyway. I ordered the Parmesan crusted Sand Dabs with my two choices as garlic mashed potatoes and steamed veggies. My Sand Dabs were fabulous! I had only had them one other time at McCormick & Schmicks and I think these were just a tad bit better. They were perfectly fried. I must admit the sides were a tad bit lacking. My husband ordered the Mexican coconut shrimp and they were quite good as well. Mom's boyfriend ordered Halibut Almondine and was in love at first bite. My mom had a salmon dish and she was also quite pleased with her choice. Now. I can over look the standard salad and the slightly ordinary sides but this place gets -1 solid star for the dessert. I ordered creme brule... one of my favorites. It tasted like it was from a box. A standard custard... Blech! I held out on dessert every other night we went out to dinner and this place was quite a disappointment. Now on the other hand my husband and mom both devoured their bread pudding with out complaint and the mom's boyfriend claimed his key lime pie was only second to one and that's saying A LOT. Now. This place COULD have been 3 stars but they got the bump up for the following reasons: -Fresh fish flown in with menus printed daily -I caught a buzz off two martinis. -We were all happy with our selections which is quite a feat. Should have been 3 stars because: -price is on the higher side... I'd rather go to McCormick & Schmicks for the price -crappy desserts. I admit I am a little surprised to see some of the reviews at 1 or 2 stars. We had great service and our food came out in a timely manner, as did our drinks.
4	This place was really good. For seafood in the middle of the desert this is the place to go. Great clam chowder, good bread and calamari, fresh fish and good service. The interior was very comfortable and the beers were good. This place isn't cheap, but it also isnt too expensive. I like to go here for dinner and a movie.
1	If you live near fresh water (San Francisco, Seattle) don't eat fish here. Everything - EVERYTHING is frozen. Sand dab, no, - scallops - no, prawns eh, no- even frying it didn't help. just don't eat fish in AZ. Veggies are good Wait staff is goodMojito was GREAT - not a mix
3	Hungry ? Want something to eat , like maybe fish?  Well this place has fish. This is the kind of place to go when you want food but not really caring how good it COULD be .  Service was great and very prompt. The host  , bartender, and wait staff seemed very into their jobs.  But the fish itself was not memorable.    A bit pricey , but offered many kinds of fish which seemed to be flown in?   I wouldn't go back unless a group of people were meeting there and it was what everybody else wanted. Enough said.
3	Went here for a friend's b-day. The food was ok, service was mediocre, had to ask the waiter for water about 4 times, before actually getting it. They serve a variety of seafood, which really isnt that memorable, when I say memorable, I mean you can find better seafood at another place. Prices are ridiculously expensive, I understand its seafood, but come on! I wont be returning unless I get a gift card from someone, even then I'll consider re-gifting it!
3	3.5 starsAfter a failed attempt to dine elsewhere, we ended up at King's.  Unlike Maria Maria, King's was more than happy to promptly seat us without an unnecessary wait.There is quite an extensive menu, and a lot of complaints on Yelp about price.  I didn't think it was all that expensive.  Most of the entrees were under $20 and that includes two sides.I had the crab cakes with french fries and mac 'n cheese.  The crab cakes were good even if not the best I've had.  Mac 'n cheese fell a little short for me.  Not much cheese.  More like mac 'n bread crumbs.  My husband had the king crab legs.  Expensive ($43) but 1 1/2 lbs and tons of crab meat.  I tried and it was delicious.We had excellent service.  Could not have asked for better!  My one suggestion would be to serve the sourdough bread warm!  At least until June!
4	After meandering around the vast Tempe Market Place at noon I was ready to settle for Red Robin until I noticed a large free standing King's Fish House. I parked and looked up to notice it had been established in 1945 and thought the name had a familiar ring.  After being seated in a large booth I discovered why the name had a familiar ring. The waitress told me the original was in Long Beach and then remembered I had celebrated one of my birthdays in Long Beach with the CA crew.  As I recall I had some very good wild king salmon on that birthday.It was a little warm so asked for a center booth to look around the inside. Picking a draft beer was made especially easy with Kiltlifter on tap. On the far upper right of the large menu of the day I spotted about a dozen types of "fresh" fish on the lunch menu varying from $13 to $20.  I asked how fresh the fish was and was told it was shipped in daily from CA. One that stood out was Australian "Tasmanian Trout" for $16 and asked what it was. The waitress said it was like a salmon and recommended the plank version highlighted in the center of the menu.  I made a quick decision and asked for the farm raised "Tasmanian Trout" with sides of spinach and steamed vegetables plus a cup of clam chowder.  The clam chowder was very tasty with some actual clams but a fairly small portion.  When the plank arrived it was equally divided with hot wilted spinach with olive oil, hot steamed carrots, zucchini, broccoli, green beans and a nice hot lunch portion of what looked like red salmon with a similar texture.  The combination was excellent and can see King's will augment and/or replace Red Robin for cod fish and chips and Red Lobster for fire grilled Atlantic salmon.
2	On our first trip to Tempe Marketplace we decided to dine at King's Fish House as me and my wife rarely get to eat fish with an 8 year old in tow, but their kids menu seemed adequate, so we decided to say. We started with the Clam Chowder which was flavorful, but the portion was small, which turned out to be a theme throughout the night. My wife and I split the Blackened Mahi Mahi with Mango salsa along with Jasmine rice and Glazed carrots. I won't argue with the price of a good meal, but our portions were really small for the price. The rice had only a hit of Jasmine, and the carrots were underdone. The fish was very good, but again I was put off by the portion size. For dessert we had Strawberry Shortcake, and while the "cake" was good, size was again a problem as the shortcake wasn't much larger than a half-dollar. Our waiter was inattentive as we had to ask for drinks and bread several times, and he didn't seem very knowledgeable about the menu. Overall the food was good, but there was nothing special about the experience at all, and there is not much value based on the portion size. I would not recommend this restaurant.
4	Think Cedar Plank...Now think hand rubbed red spice British Columbia Rockfish...Now think Northwest Vegetables... baby carrots, peas and onionsNow think wilted Spinach with bits of garlic...Now sit in an air conditioned  booth underneath a 50 pound plus stuffed Chinook (King) SalmonNow savor the moment for in a few minutes you will be out in the 100 plus degree heat and wishing you were in the Northwest next to the sea shore or river or forest or any cool green and blue location
4	Great place, for some reason i don't think it is ever really that busy though which i guess is a good thing if you are trying to snag a table quick. The wait staff were really helpful and friendly and knowledgeable on everything they offered up.  The only reason they don't get Five stars is because we ordered the Thresher Shark and they were out, so he offered another dish in place of it, but he pulled a sneaky quick one when the meal we got in place of it was more than double the price of the shark.... lol
3	King's Fish House is the incarnation of "average" in my book.  I ended up here for lunch with a handful of co-workers last week because we put the lunch option up to a vote, and this was the compromise spot.This place isn't great, but it isn't horrible.  I'd never come here again of my own volition, but if I ended up here for some reason beyond my control, I'd find something on the menu that wouldn't suck.  As far as chain fish joints in Phoenix go, this is not nearly as good as say ... Kincaid's ... but it's far better than Joe's Crab Shack.  And that, in a nutshell, is why I give this place three stars.
5	An upgrade to five stars is necessary after weekly fish lunches for the past several months.  I have managed to cycle thru the various seasonal "wild" salmon plus a portion of the other fish.  For me it is hard not to order salmon but will be forced to make a change in the fall at the end of the season.  Today was the Wild Kuskokwim River Coho Salmon summer salad with asparagus, tomatoes, blue cheese and fennel in an orange-soy vinaigrette.  An excellent recommendation by the waitress versus my standard cedar plank roasted salmon that masks the rich mild salmon flavor.  This time simply grilled and very, very tasty.What I am really beginning to like about King's Fish House is excellent service in the center section under my favorite fish.  The mighty AK Chinook King Salmon...I remember catching a similar King 20 years ago on the Kenai River in AK.  My dad and I each caught Kenai King Salmon on separate days.  Each fish was 42 inches long but mine had 27 inch girth and my dad's fish had a 26 inch girth.  The scale was broken so never knew what they actually weighed (40 to 45 #).  My dad claimed his fish was larger so there you go.  The photo of us holding the fish at sunset with a background river shot is proof of their size but not of their quality.  As I recall they were the best tasting fish ever but 20 years is a long time to try to remember taste.As far as service goes either waitress knows that I start with a Kiltlifter  but not the size - sometimes 16 oz and sometimes 22 oz.  Both waitresses know I like salmon but if the same type of salmon is on the menu I have switched to sea bass or rock fish.  Hard to believe but sometimes change is good but I almost always remember to go back to salmon the next time.
4	Was going to another restaurant in Tempe, but because of the UA vs ASU game we changed restaurants. We've eaten here before, but haven't rated it since I joined YELP. Katie was our waitress and she must have come from the South because when she checked on my wife,  she always ended her sentence with "Darlin'". Katie mentioned her name twice, had good command of the menu and was very attentive.My wife ordered the White Clam Chowder and crab cakes. The clam chowder could have been hotter; the crab cakes where light and cooked nicely.  I had the Wild Hawaiian Ono which was grilled with sides of baked potato and Roasted Ratatouille which I thought was better than the Garden Vegetables. It had squash, zuchini, tomatos and onions. The fish was okay and a little dry. The baked potato only came with sour cream and chives.
3	I tried this place for lunch a few days ago.  Their lunch menu is HUGE and is probably about the same as their dinner selections except for the prices.  I wasn't in the mood for a $50 lunch so I opted for the Caesar with wild bay shrimp.  The size and price was reasonable but it was just "eh".  My buddy got the Louie salad with crab and shrimp and it looked "eh" as well.The service was excellent.  The diet cokes almost came faster than I could drink them.Their fish and oyster selection look great so I will definitely be back because there really aren't that many places in Tempe with decent seafood.
1	Fishhouses in Arizona... why do you foresake me???King's was a major bummer.  I've yet to have any revelatory seafood since moving to Arizona... and this was just a plain disappointment.Thanks for being totally subpar and completely over-priced... even with your tacky "Easy Hour" luring me and my friend in for our Monday evening dinner, we still managed to spend too much and leave feeling completely unsatisfied and slightly illed-out.Complaint #1:  My caesar salad.  Obviously, I judge restaurants by their caesars.  Be it right or wrong, it's a personal standard.  They clearly dumped out some lettuce, some dressing out of a jar, threw on a couple of croutons that were most definitely out of a bag and a couple of fake-parmesan flakes (not shaved... not classy...) and charged me seven bucks for it.  Not a good start to the meal.Complaint #2: My friend's ceviche.  She's an aficianado for that sort of thing, and hers was lumpy, prepared incorrectly and cheaply... and served in a tawdry bar glass.  It was not presented nicely, given the atmosphere that King's is trying to go for.Complaint #3:  What the hell were they drowning my shrimp in?  Was it DILL?  I don't even know at this point, because I got through a solid two of my shrimp before pushing them aside.  Not good.  Why did I pay eleven dollars for shrimp cocktail here?? I could have just gone to the good old Fresh and Easy, where I know fresh cooked shrimp is on sale, and sat my happy ass on the couch, dipping my delicious four dollar thirty-count shrimp in my cheap-ass jar of cocktail sauce.  It would have been a better use of my money... Saving grace (of my not complaining to management): Cactus Pear Margarita.  Pretty delicious, and a lovely shade of lavender.  Ha.There is no way I would go back.
1	I went here with my best friend recently. Her fish was dried out and full of bones and the waitress acted incredibly rude and pious to us. I ordered a quesadilla, and it came in a little basket cut up and stacked, was incredibly thin and tiny, and tasted funky and gave me a bad aftertaste that lasted all night. We're never coming back to Tempe Markeplace, let alone King's Fish House.
1	A restaurant with "fish" as part of it's name should know how to cook fish perfectly.  I ate there twice because I wanted to give them a second chance...mistake.  The fish was overcooked and dry (both times) and the lobster was rubbery.  It was such a let down.  The lobster bisque that Costco sells is far better than the bland version at Kings.  They did have a decent California roll though.  I was disappointed and will avoid this place in the future.
4	My mom came to my side of town for us to have lunch and proclaimed she wanted lobster bisque. We both searched via our tech routes, her on her GPS, me on my phone via Yelp and I found this place first. The reviews seemed to be mixed but Mom was paying so if she wanted lobster bisque, I was going to appease her. The place looked dead from the outside and hardly any cars in the lot behind the restaurant didn't bode well. But they were open and just in the lull between lunch and dinner. Mom got her lobster bisque and I decided to give it a whirl too. It was quite tasty and I didn't find it bland at all, unlike what one of the Yelpers said. I found it to have a nice little kick and loved the large chunks of lobster that are usually lacking at other places I've tried it. Sourdough bread was served with our bisque and it was a very good sourdough. Our server, Ismael, was very helpful with the large menu. About the only fault I could find with the service is that he seemed to be in a rush to leave the table while my mom was still talking to him. Granted, she was rambling a little about things not related to the menu but it was still a bit rude. The place wasn't busy so I don't think he had to rush off to help another table. I'm going to chalk this up to possible inexperience since Ismael's name tag was handwritten so maybe he was new? We both decided to try a po' boy sandwich. The menu lists a shrimp po' boy but says to ask your server about other po' boys. We did ask and decided to try the oysters. The oysters in the sandwich were so tender and delicious. The sandwich came with fries and coleslaw. The fries were hot, thin and yummy. Coleslaw isn't my favorite but I didn't think to ask for something else. The sandwich had coleslaw inside too and that was okay but on its own I wasn't a fan. Dessert was creme brulee, as usual. It was great with a large, sweet strawberry on top. Going to take my fiance to try the oyster bar. Can't wait!
4	I have driven by King's so many times and wondered how the food was.   I finally went in for dinner Saturday after a movie and was pleasantly surprised.   I had grilled catfish, rosemary potatoes and spinach.   It was great.  My friend had the trout and he loved it.  It is a little pricey though.    BTW, the movie..... Shatter Island... HATED it.    I know hate is a strong word But I really HATED it.
4	I dined at KIng's Fish House last night after happy hour.  King's has ample indoor and outdoor seating and was crowded. I ordered the char broiled Swordfish with mashed potatoes, brocoli and a diet coke. Carol was my server and did a great job of refreshing my water and diet coke. The Swordfish was cooked to perfection and delicious as well as my sides. My bill was $28 before tip; kind of pricey but what can you do during lent?Excuse me while I rant a little,  I was seated in one of those benches with the two chairs on the other side (seating for 4) instead of seating me in a booth for two.This seems to be the logic employed at many restaurants when there is a single diner; it's like being put at the kid's table during Thanksgiving. It didn't help that there was this 2 year old next to me that would emit these shrill strident yelps every few minutes. The mother finally got a clue when she was starred down by a grandmotherly type at an adjoining table and went outside when her kid was acting up again.
4	Perfect Sunday lunch.  That's not a bad way to start a review I think.  We went here last Sunday right before going to the movies.  We ordered the Cold Seafood Combo; it was crab legs, peel-n-eat shrimp, clams and oysters. Plenty of food for 2 people.  It was a really slow there but that's fine by me.  The beer was very good and cold. For the meal for 2, plus we each had 2 beers...it was only about $50.   We spoke to the manager and he gave us a coupon for next months Lobsterfest, buy one lobster get one free.  So of course we'll be back.
3	My wife and I have gone to this place twice. The first time the service was mediocre, but the food was excellent. Today, we went back because we wanted to try their sushi. Overall it was a good visit, the service was OK, the sushi was good, but they didn't do a very good wrapping for the sashimi. I don't think we'll go back I'm just not sure it was worth the bucks.
2	Ok, so we've been here  a total of two times... the first was a pretty good experience... not memorable, but ok. Then we went again, last night for Mothers Day. My Dad wanted the Trout so bad, so us Mothers gave in. The only positive thing to say about them is how nice they were, we called to see if we could get in at for dinner at 8:30pm, (they closed at 9pm) they said not a problem. I was kinda impressed cuz we've called other restaraunts and they have turned us down in the same senario.... when we sat down, we ordered right away, it took awhile for us to get our food, i finally had to flag our waitress down and ask her to bring whatever was ready whenever it was ready. My salad was probably the best thing I had that night next to the water. Come on tho, how hard is it to mess up salad and a water! My Dad had the trout, he finished it but said it wasnt the best, my Mom had the Chicken Parmesean. She picked around the stuff she didn't like. I ordered a coconut shrimp apetizer, it arrived cold. The bill for two adult entrees and one appetizer a small ceaser salad and one childs meal was $80....  we still tipped $20, but $100 for one of the worst meals in a long time wasn't worth it. We won't be back at least for awhile.
3	I had the live Maine lobster, she had the Mahi Mahi.  Lobster not bad (though not the best), and the Mahi Mahi was a little overcooked and dry.  Nothing terrible, and - unfortunately - just what you'd expect at an upscale "Mall-oriented / Chain" operation.  Overall, the place is OK but I doubt we'll be back.
3	I've been here a few times.  The service is good.  The side items are great.  But the last two occasions I went there the fish was just average.The prices are a little high for similar restaurants, but, if you need seafood and are at Tempe Marketplace, it's not a bad option.
2	My wife and I went here a while back and wont go again! She had a burger that was OK. I was the one that had all the problem! I ordered the fish with the side of mac. and the oyster sampler. The oysters were good but way over priced for the 8. My food got there at last and the fish was around a 3 oz portion which the waitress pointed out that I had a bigger portion coming! Why the hell would they even send it out if it wasn't right? I at my two bites of fish and while I was waiting for the rest of my missing fish I try ed the mac. I was old and dried out. I sent it and they brought me another portion that was nearly as bad. By this time my wife was finished with her food and I still waited.I finely got the attention of one of the wait staff (I hadn't seen my waitress for a while) and asked when the rest of my fish was coming? No one knew what I was yalking about. They hunted down my waitress, the girl who brought me the skimpy order and the manager. By the time it was all straightened out we were ready to leave. They comped the fish but for the burger and the oysters and a couple of beers the bill was still over fifty! I wont be back! I have to now give praise to the Fish House! I first posted my thoughts on a food blog and never had a response. Once I posted on Yelp I received several e-mails all from different individuals voicing their concern about my experience at Kings! I have to say that my opinion has changed drastically about this establishment! If I get a response of concern like this from just my complaint I feel that they really do care about everything related to their establishment and have to give them cu dos and high marks! I will continue.....
4	They have fish, a good selection of it and decent quality.I have been to other locations of this chain, was was not expecting too much for my lunch.We starked with the ahi poke which was decent, could have used a little wasbi to enhance the flavors.I shared a bit of the grilled artichoke appetizer, which for being healthy was great.For my main I had the Seared Ahi Tuna $16.95 with 2 sides. The tuna was surprisingly great, thick, no sinuousness at all great color and flavor. The sides selection is also quite impressive and one can even have a small salad as one of the sides.You can't avoid some of the chain quirks, like why am i given tartar sauce with seared ahi, and not soy and wasabi / gingerService was decent given our large group, and the ambiance is a notch above family casual, I would call it business casual. Overall it is not a cheap meal, but good fish rarely is.
4	King's is a great experience.  The food is fresh, well prepared, comes in a good portion size, and is served by attentive staff.  I even enjoy the decor of the restaurant; it fits the bill quite well.  I'm not saying it's the best fish house ever, but considering the somewhat reasonable prices, it's a safe bet.
2	Overpriced is the first word that comes to mind.  And the word that dominates my feelings toward this place.  They never mentioned that the "KING" in the name actually  means you have to be as RICH as a REAL KING to afford to eat here.$13.95 for a ( relatively forgettable ) simple oyster Po' Boy with 5 oysters on it and a side of fries?  Yep.Who's dumber - me for paying it, or them for charging it?  I think Me.  When I saw the price, I should have just closed the menu and left.I also had a $6.95 "Cajun Bloody Mary" which had nothing Cajun about it, as far as I could tell.It was mostly ice, served in a 16-oz glass.  So maybe about 6 ounces of "drink material" inside.  It lasted about as long as it took me to take 5 drinks out of it.Let's do the math:  At $6.95, with 6 ounces of substance, that comes to $148.26 per gallon.  So at least I can say I had a Bloody Mary which came in at around $148 a gallon.I will never, EVER go back to that place.  And if you do go, bring the credit card with the highest available balance, because you are gonna need it.P.S.  A manager attempted to contact me after seeing this review, trying to make things right for me.  I understand their prices reflect the "going rate" for fresh seafood in the desert.  I've upped the star from 1 to 2 to reflect the respect for management for trying to contact me and make things right.  Kudos for that.P.S.P.S.  I had Pete's Fish and Chips the other day, and I realized that their fried oysters are the EXACT SAME ONES which are served at King's Fish House.  So if you want to know what these fried oysters taste like, eat at Pete's.  You can get about 15 oysters there for the King's price.
3	I'm not a fish fan, but the group I was with was, so as long as there's some non-fish on the menu, I'm fine with it.It's a nice place, and the service was friendly and attentive. The cocktail napkins with incredibly corny fish jokes (where do fish borrow money? a loan shark) was kind of a fun addition.I ordered a pasta dish which included chicken, peppers, and a creamy tomato-based sauce. It was good, but I don't know if it was $14 good. Prices went up from there for the various fish dishes, but I can't really judge those without trying them.I've got no complaints, and I'd probably go back if I'm with people that want to go, but I think I can find similar quality food for me at about 4 or 5 dollars less for lunch.
2	Oysters were amazing.  Nice selection and they had both Kumamoto and Beau Solieil on the menu.  That being said, unless you can't shuck them properly or get old oysters, it's not right to judge a place on the oysters alone.  My fish came extremely undercooked.  This would be fine if I ordered Ahi, but for a fatty cut of Vietnamese Cobia, undercooking is a sin and left the fish rubbery and cold.  Unfortunately, after eating a couple of bites my appetite was gone and I didn't bother to send it back.  I'll pass on a return visit.
4	I ate their sushi on 3/22 and found that it was fresh. Service was pleasant and not hurried.
3	This place is "aight".  It's not a fancy seafood place, but its not Long John Silver's either.  I actually found it to be a bit pricey for the type of fare, even though understandably seafood tends to be more expensive.  I felt like they were charging more just because they could, but not because they deserved it.  I've had dinner here and a few happy hour events.  Everytime I leave like I enjoyed the food, but was slightly ripped off.If I were to recommend something:  The calamari and fish tacos were good.
1	Sorry, after 4 days of horrid food poisoning I need to drop them to 1 star... or actually no stars.  I'm confident it was the improperly prepared Cobia that left me hunkered down in the bathroom for nearly a week.  I suggest they stick to fish that is easy to prepare and turns quickly... salmon, tuna, etc...
2	I seriously considered giving King's Fish House 1 star, but our waitress was helpful and tried to accommodate us as best they could.  However, my oysters on the half shell were small and served with some weird shaved horseradish, my steamed shrimp was rather boring, and my wife disliked her fish so much that she couldn't finish it and asked for it to be sent back.  She said it was over-cooked and flavorless.  To be fair to the staff, the waitress and chef both came out to our table and offered to re-cook the fish or make something else entirely for her, but by then, my wife was too turned off to have anything else.I would never try King's Fish House again.  For a guy originally from Maryland who's had some pretty amazing seafood, there was just too much wrong here to be given a second chance.For what it's worth, my brother-in-law had the New England clam chowder that night with us and said it was the best he had ever had.
4	My girlfriend and I were there on Sunday the 22, we were the only people sitting at the bar, got a dozen oyesters, a poboy some tacos.  The food was good, the oyesters were fresh and the bartender was awesome.  We did some Peppar vodka and oyester shots, had some nice cold brews and enjoyed the day.  I wanted to thank the bartender also for getting my girlfriend addicted to 3 Olives Dude vodka.  You were right about the sprite mixer hahaha
4	My family and I had a wonderful dining experience. The food was very tasty and fresh. The waitstaff/ manager were very friendly and informative. The oysters were AWESOME!!!! The prices were fare. I will definitely return!!
2	My boyfriend and I have been here a couple of times and we loved it.  I continually ordered the shrimp po'boy and it was great.  There mac and cheese is definiately good!!  We enjoyed this place so much that we decided to bring some friends for dinner because they had never been to this resturant.  Our dinner was expensive and was not worth the money.  I do not mind spending money if the meal is worth it.  I ordered a rare filet with lobster.  The filet was extremely rare, it was as if they left it on the grill just to brown the outsides.  The inside was cold it was so rare.  The lobster was chewy and difficult to eat.  It was later at night so idk if they stopped putting effort in cooking and wanted to get out of work or what.  Our wait staff was very friendly though.  On a good note, there sourdough bread is very good.
1	Horrible service and my food was cold. If they had been busy, I MIGHT understand, seeing as I used to be a server myself. But we were the only people in the place. And considering that I've had such great experiences at other King's locations, I was very disappointed.
4	On a Sunday after church, we decided to dine out for seafood. My friend remembered the building and sign while visiting Tempe Marketplace, so we decided to visit. Accidently walking in the bar side entrance we were pleasantly greeted and suggested to sit wherever we would like. Choosing a spacious private seating area offside the bar and restaurant allowed us to enjoy ourselves with tons of room to spread out and without the worry of disturbing others with loud laughter. A refreshing Desert Pear Margarita for happy hour made it hard to have just one! We ordered a great Coho Salmon dish which was fresh, juicy, and seasoned wonderfully and an awesome Lobster Crunch Roll as well. Friendly service from Paul the manager and Anthony the bartender; loved the special touch of meeting the chef tableside too!
3	Decided to try this place when our first choice the Salt Cellar had a 3 hour wait.We arrived about 6 on a Saturday night to find the place virtually empty, greeted by 2 people at the door, they were pleasant and sat us right away. Waiter greeted us almost immediately with a loaf of sourdough bread. Bread was fresh but cold..would have been so, so much better if it would have been warm. Husband ordered a lobster crunch roll and a salad to start his meal. The crunch roll was awesome, so very tasty. The salad was one word..meh. Way too much dressing that left the romaine lettuce wilted and soggy, plus the $4.95 price tag was a little excessive for a cup of lettuce, one small tomato wedge and a couple croutons.Our entrees took FOREVER. The waiter came by several times to fill our drinks and tell us that our food would be out shortly. The couple across from us were seated probably a  good 10 minutes after us, had the same waiter and received their food a good 10 minutes before us. We both ordered the petite filet medium with spiny lobster tail. When our dinner finally arrived my filet was more like medium well and his was medium rare, both lobsters were over cooked slightly. All of the food was tasty just not prepared to our liking. One of my sides was fresh sauteed spinach and it was awesome, garlicky but not to much, the other was a standard baked potato. Husband chose the mac & cheese and coleslaw. Coleslaw was standard deli style, nothing to write home about..neither of us tasted the mac but it did look good, a little on the dry side with a light brown crust.The meal as a whole was enjoyable taste wise but in all honesty it's just a step up from Red Lobster with a very expensive price tag. For the appetizer, salad,  the 2 entrees and 2 non-alcoholic beverages our tab was $128. Service was good, he refilled our drinks several times and asked if everything was ok..and it was just ok. Restaurant and restrooms were very clean.I would make a visit back to King's if we were in the area just for that lobster crunch roll, it really was the best part of our meal, but we would probably not make a special trip to go back.A solid 3.5 stars.
2	Usually I try restaurants based off yelp, but thought I would give them a shot. The place looked nice on the outside and inside. They have a large menu selection. Our server was Chris. We arrived before the dinner rush, the place was pretty empty.  I ordered the coconut shrimp with the grilled zucchini the mac and cheese. My meal was good. My cousin's chicken sandwich was tasteless. Our server was nice and took it off the bill and offered to get my cousin another item off the menu. We were all done with our meal so my cousin just got another beer. I thought service between our apps and main course was slow. The price of the food is a little high for what it is.
1	My husband and I love seafood! we had been wanting to check this place out....we finally did and were really dissapointed! totally overpriced! We had a bowl of clam chowder to start off and it had maybe one clam in it and super salty. We decided to go with the cold sea food plate(not sure what its called) the description said for 2 or more ppl. They made it sound like a very large plate with shrimp, crab, oysters and clams ($27).finally got our food and were surprised to see a big plate full of ice! Only 4oysters 4shrimp 4 small clams and 3very small crab legs! This was not even enough as an appetizer for 1 person! Our server was very distracted, even though it wasnt busy at all. deff wont be coming back to waste money on something that is not worth it at all.
1	I was delighted when I was contacted by Sarah (manager) through Yelp to elaborate a little more about my negative experience at King's Fish House 2-3 weeks ago. I sent her a message back through Yelp giving her my personal email so Danny the GM could contact me but I have never heard anything back since. Maybe they dont check Yelp that often.. I am not sure what the reasoning is..  :o(
4	Very impressed with the attention they give to kids menu, ect.  The food is great - I have taken company there twice now and haven't been embarrassed at all by the choice.  Not too expensive but it's not cheap (ambiance, decor) or cheesy looking.  Very nice ( but not over the top) wine list and a good selection of beers and specialty cocktails.  Patio seating is very nice as well.
3	This place is OK. I ordered broiled Oregon Red Rock fish, which, the first time it was brought to me, was WAY over cooked.. The nice thing about this place is their service. They were very accomodating, they had no problem redoing my fish. In fact, they brought me a whole new plate! and offered free dessert! (thank you Chris, our server) The second fish, was ok, probably more my mistake for ordering a bland fish (I wanted to try something different) then their cooking methods. But,at least it was not over cooked the second time, but definitly needed salt (and maybe a sauce on the side??)My husband, however, loved his meal. He had swordfish picatta, which he throughly enjoyed. For the prices on the menu, I did expect more...presentation wasn't exactly bon appetit worthy....If I'm paying so much for a fish, it would be nice to see a little creativity...I did think it was nice that they print a new menu everyday (check the top right hand corner for the day's date), kind of a nice touch. To sum up, I give 2 stars for food, 4 stars for service (so I put it in the middle for the rating of this review).
5	Was VERY pleasantly surprised with King's Fish House! I was expecting this place to be very mediocre BUT I was in the mood for SEAFOOD so we wandered in...We went later in the evening, around 8 o'clock or so and we could basically have our pick of the place. For your reading enjoyment, we settled on a booth :)We ordered a sushi roll, the Rainbow Roll to be specific, and it was hands down the best Rainbow Roll I've ever had (and I've been around the block a couple times when it comes to sushi...). I usually put a touch of ginger on every roll I normally consume. This dining experience-ZERO ginger was used! There was no 'fishiness' to the fish and everything tasted so fresh.We got the Clam Chowder too. AMAZING. I got the Cioppino. Definitely a GREAT value for the money. The boyfriend got the Fish-n-Chips. The Fish-n-Chips were a little pricey for what was presented, but no real complaints.  For drinks I got a glass of red and the BF had two on-tap brews. The waiter clued us into a special that was going on at the time. Buy a $100 gift certificate and you received a $20 gift certificate complementary.  We were able to cover all that food, drink and tip with the $100 AND we have TWENTY dollars to go back again.It's like they want to pay me to stuff my face. Thank you Mr. King Fish house :)
4	I come here for the oysters and a cadillac margarita.  And it is awesome, every time.They have possibly the best oysters in Phoenix (shhh!).  The kids gets fish and chips when we visit, and from what i've sampled, that is good too.  As for the rest of the menu?  Who knows.   The options are plentiful, but nothing inspires me to stray from my usual.For whatever reason this place is not very popular, which means you can get a nice booth to yourself.  Steep prices, location, or fade-into-the-background vibe could be a factor for keeping others away...  but personally, I like that it isn't too crowded.  Sometimes you want  a spot to get away from noise and this fits the bill.
5	our family stopped in at 8pm on february 10th.  there was no wait and a few folks eating in the restaurant.  we were sat very quickly.our server, cody, was awesome.  we ordered coconut crusted wild ecuadorian mahi mahi, wild baja californian yellowtail, wild alaskan red king crab and southwest salad.  we loved all our meals!  we did not have any problems with our order.  our meal for 2 adults and 1 child was around $41.the restaurant is very nice inside but it was disturbing to see so few people inside.  so we had a great quiet dinner.for the record parking and traffic sucks real bad at this restaurant location in the tempe market place.
5	King's Fish House has become one of my favourite places for seafood.  Seattle is one of my homes away from home, so I am picky when it comes to my seafood preferences.  I want things to be fresh from the ocean and deliciously prepared.  The first time I went to King's, was after an afternoon of running errands.  I had seen it and been uncertain of what to think.  I was seated quickly and given sour dough bread quickly.The lemondrop martini was perfect.  Many bars get this simple drink wrong, but not King's--it had the sugar rim and perfect balance of lemon juice, vodka, and other ingredents that I wanted. The raw oysters were delicious and presented appetizingly.  My trout almondine was flaky and fresh, served with a wonderful side of rosemary new potatoes.  I felt completely spoilt and decadent when I left. My other visits have been equally stellar.  One time, the server offered to get me an item not on the regular menu: salmon served on a cedar plank.  The salmon was covered with a delicious assortment of spices and carmelized brown sugar.  It makes me want to get my own cedar plank for cooking.  I can't wait to go back!  The selection and freshness of the raw oysters alone are reasons to check it out, along with the retro decor.  KUDOS!
1	It started with the waiter- horrible, then went downhill from there.  The sea bass was brown inside, the filet was tough and had a horrible taste,  the crab cakes were served with tartar sauce and were bland.  The waiter rarely came around and when he did, it was like he was forced to and doing us a favor.  Do yourself a favor, DO NOT come here, there are much better seafood restaurants to go to that also treat you better.
4	I went here a few days ago and I have to say it was pretty good. The angel hair with shrimp was good. The only complaint is that there wasn't enough of it. They used really shrimp, not the frozen stuff you get at most restaurants. The clam chowder was also very good. The ciopinno was good also. The amount and variety of seafood was good and the sauce it was cooked in was really good. I have had some good, and not so good ciopinno. I have to say this was pretty good. My waiter was really nice and the atmosphere was great. The only reason I am giving them a four star is because the portion for the angel hair and shrimp was small for the price. They could have also give a couple more pieces of garlic bread with the ciopinno.
2	WOW... being from New England area "Mass-hole" , i usually am pretty lenient to places since we are "land locked"..Sourdough bread to start.. hard exterior, did not taste anything close to fresh,, anyways,, looking over the menu, and was a little shocked.. prices higher than "pappadeaux" n thinking the food quality better match..Appetizer PEI mussels - decent flavor , but 1/3 look over dehydrated, almost as if they were dead way before cooking time. or recooked or something,, those we un-edible.Wife got the clam chowder which was actually really good..  hence 2 starsI thought, 22 bucks for some scallops,, hmm, let me try that out.. huge plate came out with these little marble sized scallops, 12 of them.. thats almost 2 dollars a piece for each lil scallop, Side zuchini was ok, but the cole slaw definitely not great,, some bites had that sour weird rubberband taste,,Waitress, awesome, always smiling, refilling our drinks,, Finished with a $60 bill,, not even close to satisfied and never going back..If you want seafood on the east valley, go ahead n hit up red lobster, if you want some great seafood, hit up n. phoenix to pappadeaux(worth the drive and time, will never be dissatisfied)Lesson Learned. :-(
3	Nothing wrong with it.  Not a whole right either.  Poorly shucked oysters, over cooked scallops and frozen butter. No one got hurt.
5	I went in on a whim, out shopping, saw sign, & "fish" sounded good. A Monday, late afternoon, I was recommended that the bar had Monday specials. Ordered house Chardonnay, expected "ok", it was delicious! Unexpectedly sour dough bread appeared & I took a taste & it was exquisite! I told the bartender I felt I was in San Francisco, & she said it is flown in DAILY for them! The fish tacos were a great choice, they were delicious & even though I was really hungry, I couldn't finish them!  I can't understand the negative postings here, surely having everything much better than I even expected can't be just an accident!  I am a picky eater and only expected to "grab a bite to eat" & was very pleasantly surprised!
2	Let's say you're driving down the road with an extra twenty bucks you don't know what to do with. You're hungry, it's lunchtime, and you come here. King's Fish HouseWhere you can get an entire glob of tuna fish smeared between two slices of whole wheat bread. An artful creation resembling something your eight year-old niece would throw together, this along with a fistful of french fries and some bitter-as-gall deli slaw, and all for surrendering that dirty twenty!Actually it's 10.95 but with the diet coke and the tip, you're now up around twenty. Other delights our party sampled were from the "Fried" section. The menu description only reading Farm Raised Mexican Shrimp.It didn't say how these little Mexican Shrimp numbered only four. Or how they must've been raised in one of the Kennedy's swimming holes in the Hampton's where they were fed fois gras and cavear, sipped champagne from gold-rimmed flutes, and had their own nanny, wistfully lulling them to sleep each night with old Raffi tunes. Because at 13.95 for four of these little bastards, they must've led one pampered life on that farm!Three of us.Two tuna fish sandwiches.And one small school of Mexican Shrimp, a water, a diet coke and an iced tea....48.95, with ten bucks for the tip, almost sixty bucks.Unless you're dining on the company expense account, or someone else is picking up the tab, theres no reason on earth to pay twenty bucks for a tuna fish sandwich and a diet coke. Or for that matter,  watch your friend eat  four of the Kennedy's prized pets.
3	I have been to this place twice and I have had both extremes.  The Good: Shannon, California Sea Bass, Michelle (Manager's) Customer ServiceThe Bad: Fried Calamari, Our last waiter's breathThe first visit to this establishment was our encounter with Shannon.  Shannon was a pure delight as our waitress.  She made our first visit absolutely fun.  My wife had a tilapia dish that she was less than enamored with but I had the California Sea Bass and that tasted very good.  In fact, it was so good that I regretted not getting a glass of Chardonnay to go with it.  The fish had a very nice texture and taste.Our second visit was our first encounter with the fried calamari.  As our guest so eloquently said, "If this was my first impression of fried calamari, I would not have liked it."  The calamari was overcooked and there was so much oil running on the plate.  We called this issue to Michelle's attention and she agreed 100% that the dish was not prepared properly.  She gave us a coupon to come back there and eat at any time.  However, our waiter's breath was another story. Whenever he spoke, I could smell his pungent (trust me, a lot better than what I really wanted to say) breath to the point I almost donned a gas mask.  There are very few things that would cause me to lose my appetite.  His malodorous breath and the calamari with more grease than a Jiffy Lube accomplished the feat.
5	Had a great experience here last night. The cedar plank salmon was wonderful. Had a chance to taste the halibut, one encrusted in hazel nut and one simply grilled, both were top notch. Add to all this fine food, a fantastic server, Ash and you have a great night out. As a visitor to Temper Arizona, I was pleasantly surprised to find such a good  seafood restaurant.
3	Nice place and a good staff. But the food prep falls short. My scallops we're on the overdone side. Kumumotos were a bit skinny. I'll go back another night. May have just been a tad off.
5	I am not the biggest fan of seafood, but I happened to visit here and Nicole (bartender) took very good care of us. She was definitely pleasant and had a lot of suggestions for our likings. She is an excellent server!
4	I ate dinner here with a friend and her parents. Everything on the menu looked fantastic but I decided to be good and order trout with glazed carrots instead of pasta or fried fish with fries. My friend's mom ordered crab cakes before her meal and offered me a bite. I was impressed it was all crab and lightly breaded on the outside just the way I like em! I enjoyed my trout and tried my friend's halibut and her mom's Alaskan Sanddab. Both were equally delicious. We finished our meal with key lime pie and creme brulee. I am extremely picky about what seafood restaurants I will eat at and I give King's Fish House two thumbs up!
3	Surprisingly decent variety and quality of seafood for a chain restaurant. I've had several business lunches here and it hit the mark. The service tends to be substandard similar to what you'd expect from a chili's waiter making near the poverty line and being forced to wear anobnoxious amount of flair.
2	I'm really troubled about this review!  My darling and I decided to give it a go in lieu of "The Thirsty Lion" as I had not been there before.The place was not real busy and we sat at the bar in order to watcha bit of NFL action and were immediately greeted by our bar tender/waiter staff and he was great.  Really great !We ordered a couple of adult beverages and started to review their menu which is extensive to say the least. They also have a separate shushi menu and you know I'm checking that out. So we ended up trying a couple of shushi rolls and ordered a couple more drinks.  The rolls came along pretty quick and folks, they were off the hook good.  I was surprised.We order one more roll and one entree and again, the food quality was great, and the service was fast and friendly.Then the kiss of death jumped up a bit this place in the arse ....I excused myself to use the restroom and upon entering, thought I had stepped back in time.....  And not a good time.  The restroom was filthy and not just dirty but that "Oh my God" kinda of filthy!We finished and the check with a tip was very fair and reasonable so what am I supposed to say?I like the place ....  The food was great as was the service ..... The cost factor was good ........... But I have to wonder what the kitchen looks like if a public area is that dirty??I will give it one more try to try and be fair and determine if this was a fluke but as of today, this is "strike one"
5	I love this place. I have been going to it since it first open. I had my first oyster there and love them.  Great service and great food! Huge menu that includes a sushi. They serve sough dough bread while you wait for your order. The have huge booths. They have great take home kid cups and a very nice kids menu that even comes with tattoos. The house wine is also pretty good. I highly recommend it.
5	My wife and I loved this place!  The menu was outstanding - thoroughly impressed with the wide variety.  I had the New England Clam Bake - delicious lobster, clams and mussels... the clam chowder was delicious as well.  My wife had the ono, which she thoroughly enjoyed, too.  Highly recommend the oyster sampler as an appetizer.  We took home some bread pudding for a late night dessert too.  Service was great, lots of good recommendations from our waitress.  We went to Wildfish near Fashion Square not long ago, and I'd have to say we'd return to King's way before going back to Wildfish.  Much more reasonable, price-wise, as well.  No complaints - they made a great first impression on us!
5	Best seafood in the East Valley by far!!!! The fish is really fresh and incredibly delicious. The service is excellent. And the ambience/decor is lovely. The problem is that this restaurant is not cheap. This is not a $$ restaurant. More like a $$$$ restaurant.  But the food is so good, it's worth the splurge every now and then.
3	Nice big booths that are very comfy so sit in with a date! The Bread they bring before the meal is fresh and tasty. My date had 1.5 lbs lobster and loved it. I had sea bass with garlic mashers and vegi. Yes, it is a notch below pappadeax, and 2 notches below Salt Cellar - but for the price and convenience, Kings Fish is a place we like to return to and enjoy a nice meal. The bar is spacious, and has booths in there also. Sit in there, catch a game on the HD tv's, and enjoy your fantastic dinner. A big plus is when you are done with dinner, you can walk the Tempe market place mall.
5	We had our anniversary dinner there, we wanted top notch sea food and boy did we get it!! Our service  was fantastic and our night was topped off with the manager delivering us our desert. She asked how our meal was as well as congratulating us on our special night. I give five stars to the food the staff especially the manager "Kari" it showed great hospitality. Good job Kings Fish House we will be back:)
5	It's that time of year.... time to figure out what overly priced restaurant to pick out for my office holiday party. Hey, the boss is buyin' not me. :-)We settled on King's Fish House, and I am glad we did. We had a reservation for 6pm for 8 people, figuring we would show up early and get our much needed drink on at the bar. They were very slow when we arrived so we has the bar to ourselves. ***Incoming - Reason for the 5 starts*** The bar chairs are the best! Big, cushy and have backs, AND they have hooks under the bar top for my bad. Honestly, this is such a small touch, but some places fail so miserably at these two key elements that I never go back. Seriously though, if you are in the market for a bar with awesome bar seats, you have to go here! It's genius! If your seats suck I wont stay as long, if they are nice I wont want to move, duh!Back to the matter at hand, we had a drink then sat down for dinner, Chris was our server and we were very pleased with him. *high five to Chris* He went thought the menu very well and explained everything we were unsure about. We started off with a handful of appetizers, a few oyster shooters, the combo plate with calamari and shrimp and crab cakes, and some salads. The shooters were shooters, decent quality, can't really screw them up. The fried stuff was good, but nothing to gloat about. Their ramoulade sauce was awesome though! Even ordered an extra side to go with my dinner. The salads looked ehh underwhelming. The Danish Blue that I got was ok, the highlight was the huge slice of blue cheese it came with, the rest was an after thought. Everyone got something different for the entrees and I am pretty sure everyone was happy because the chatter was to a minimum while we stuffer our faces. I got the Grilled Salmon with mac'n'cheese and grilled zucchini, excellent all around!We topped off the nigh with some Creme Brulee..... not too bad. I prefer it thinner then they serve it but I was still in creme heaven. We were all very happy, great place!Enjoy if you make it in!
2	I was really disappointed with King's unfortunately.The food was bland for the most part. I had the coconut crusted mahi mahi and boyfriend had the Greek swordfish. His yogurt sauce was the only thing with any flavor to the whole meal. Sure, mine LOOKED like it had coconut and lemon sauce on it, but no taste at all. Garlic potatoes seemed like instant potatoes, zucchini was grilled to the point of tastelessness. The creme brulee was the only decent part, and it was so "I don't give a fuhhh" in presentation, it was painful - it had one single strawberry on top in a white crock. At least it was enough sugar to alleviate the boredom of the meal.The service was super slow. It was a Monday night and I think there were maybe 5 tables of people with at least 2 servers. Come on guys, step it up. We waited 10 minutes to order drinks, I sat with an empty glass for another 15 at one point, and the waiter never checked back on us during the meal. Atmosphere was way, way, way too bright. It was like a diner. This is not what I expect out of $20 a plate for undersized portions of fish. Funny, it doesn't look like this from the outside at all - it looks very romantic from the outside.I would have preferred Red Lobster.Edit: Like many of the previous low-star reviewers, a manager contacted me to set things right... I now have $50 towards a second chance for King's. We'll see if they manage to get something right this time.
4	Had the Mahi Mahi with spinach and carrots. Their southwest salad is incredible. Corn, tortilla chips, beans with a chipotle based dressing was a meal by itself.
4	We wanted lobster and remembered this restaurant from Southern California so thought to give it a try. We were seated promptly and served warm sour dough bread very quickly. The oysters were fresh but very small and at $13 for a half dozen not a great value. But the main event, we loved the steamed lobster. It was fun and our professional friendly server let our 9 y/o pick our fresh lobster. The bar was nice and it seemed like a fun place to gather after work.
4	Much better this time around.The GM, Kari, sent us gift certificates after my negative review, with an apology. We gave King's a second chance on Saturday night.This time, we were seated in the bar area, which had a lot more pleasant atmosphere (less diner-y and loud, with a view through the bar window of the Tempe Marketplace fountain). Our server, Nicole, was much more attentive and pleasant than our last server. She even brought bread out before we even ordered - yay!The food was greatly improved as well - we didn't order the same things, but usually if a place sucks, it sucks all the way around. Boyfriend did the Captain's Platter (fried scallops and fish) and really liked it; fried without the meat being overcooked, still juicy. I did the Seafood Cobb Salad, and it was really excellent - the shrimp were so flavorful and the salad was HUGE. They did not skimp on any of the ingredients. I'd definitely get it again.The bread pudding was... different. My other half really liked it (it's drowning in Jack Daniels sauce, of course he did) but the texture was strange to me; reminded me of French toast, it was mostly bread in sauce, not really "pudding" to me. It was very good though.I'm glad to be able to re-write my review positively :)
1	Went to this place for lunch several times after I moved into the area.  Good food and experience the first couple times, BUT ordered the sushi (a California roll) the last time, and had symptoms of FOOD POISONING an hour or so later.  Was sick for a week.  Had to take two hot showers overnight just to stop the violent shivering I had afterwards (this was during the first night).  Had diarrhea for a week, too.  Won't be going there again for a LONG, LONG time!  (Then a week later after, I got bronchitis and a bad sinus infection that lasted a month; I suspect the food poisoning weakened my immune system and caused me to get sick even more.)  Eat there at your own risk.
2	I have been going to King's for a little over a year and normally the overall experience is quite pleasant. Unfortunately my last two visits have been less than ideal. The food was great, the service was good, what was wrong?The sulfuric odor that managed to fill the entire place. Two visits ago I figured they were having a sewage backup problem which seems to be common in Tempe. I gave it a couple weeks and went back with my family. The problem seemed to be a bit worse, we even tried changing tables to see if it would help. No luck.We mentioned the smell to the waiter, he hesitated nervously and explained that he couldn't smell anything.I figure I'll give them a few months and try again.
1	We are restaurant connoisseurs...we try all different types of places and have our favorites...mostly seafood fares.  So we were excited to learn of the Kings Fish House and the wonderful menu.We decided to try dinner last Saturday and to make a long story short, we were disappointed.  We rate restaurants for our overall experience, not just the food. And unfortunately, this place delivered neither.Our server, to put it mildly, was very curt and not helpful with understanding the menu. It seemed like we were a bother to him, eating at his station. Awful service.Now to the meals...everything was was over cooked...for a seafood restaurant, you would figure they would know how to cook it...not the case. It was a shame to have over cooked clams, King Crab legs and lobster...chewy, ALL of it. Even the rice was over cooked...really?!Again, too bad...giving this place 1 star for convenience of location....that's it.
4	I am rather picky about my seafood and was surprised by some of the negative reviews of this place; so I decided to give it a try. The ambiance inside was a bit cold so we ate outside (pleasant) and the service was excellent. The food did not disappoint. The grilled artichoke and crab cakes were wonderful appetizers and our group ordered the Mahi Mahi, Tilapia and sea bass. All were flavorful, cooked perfectly and included pretty good accompaniments (i.e. fresh spinach, cheesy grits, garlic mashed, etc.). Their menu offers a huge variety including fresh oysters, a nice selection of salads, and lobster. And for the non fish eater, there are sandwiches, chicken, pasta and steaks. They also offer a very nice list of beer and wine. For a restaurant in Arizona that specializes in fish, King's is a pretty good place. I would go again.
4	Met a client here for lunch yesterday. We were seated promptly and our server, Katie, was great. My client had a burger and I ordered the scallops. Our lunches were out within 15 minutes and we snacked on the warm bread and butter while we chatted about business. This is a nice, little more upscale place to meet for lunch if you want an upgrade over the normal fast food type establishments. The scallops were cooked perfectly and the grilled zucchini was especially nice with a seasoning that I was not typical in other places that I have been. I also had the mac n cheese and it was obvious that it was freshly made. My client said that she really enjoyed her burger and sweet potato fries also. (maybe it was a little extra good because I was paying ;O)
5	I was recently in the area visiting a friend who recommended King's Fish House. Being a wee bit scepticale of fresh seafood in the desert, I reluctantly took her advice. I was quickly impressed by the restaurant shortly after walking in. Our server gave us great recommendations and the Parmesan crusted sand dabs were seasoned very well and cooked flawlessly along with the sauteed spinach and grilled zucchihi. I never miss an opportunity to try signature martini's when I am at a new locale and at King's the blood orange martini was DELISH! It wasn't too sweet or sour. It was juuuust right.Needless to say, you can get great seafood in the desert, as long as it's at King's!
3	Had the Parmesan Crusted British Columbia Sanddabs.  Eh.  Too much parmesan crust that I couldn't really taste the actual fish itself.  Had cheesy grits as a side - bleh.  From the taste of it - the cheese was somekind of processed velveeta like cheese.  Yuck.  What I thought was really good was the grilled zucchini.  Perfectly cooked and seasoned.  The highlight of the meal.
5	My husband, parents and I went to Kings Fish House at the beginning of March for my husbands birthday.  He is from Oregon, and a little bit of a seafood snob.  He really wanted seafood for his birthday meal.  We checked out places on Yelp but couldn't find any place that had great reviews and was in our price range.  We decided to take a chance on King's Fish House, and to be honest we were a little skeptical of a chain restaurant.   Not to mention my husband and his family goes clamming off of the Oregon coast several times a year, so he has high expectations for fresh clams. We were absolutely blown away by everything about this restaurant. Our server for the night was Chris G, and he gave us some amazing recommendations.  He really listened to what flavors each of like individually and made individualized his recommendations for each of us.  Even pairing it with some wine and side dish recommendations.  Not to mention his recommendations for clams were spot on!!  Each of us had a different dish, and each of us swore we had the best dish at the restaurant.  In April we celebrated my fathers birthday, and he requested we go back to King's Fish House.  As soon as we walked in, we saw Chris. We requested him to be our server again.  Not only did he remember us, but he remembered what we had ordered a month earlier.  AMAZING!!  He gave us some new recommendations, and again his service was incredible!!My personal recommendation... go to the Kings Fish House and sit in Chris' section.  Get some of the Skookum clams if they are in, and definitely try the Macadamia Nut Crusted Halibut.  Delicious!!  We will be back again very soon!!
3	We stopped here for a drink and wanted to share a cold seafood platter.  Although everything looked very fresh and our service was very good, the cook who prepared our platter (in front of us, as we were sitting at the bar) completely mutilated our clams and oysters and the crab claws we got were pathetic.  We were there during a shift change and watched the next cook prepare the same platter and I really wish I had been the people getting that one......
5	We had a Five Star experience at King's Fish House in Tempe Marketplace last night.  We wanted a special dinner for our wedding anniversary, and we had heard good things about KFH.Waiter Chris was almost immediately on hand after we were seated.  We mentioned in passing it was our anniversary - just as a matter of conversation, not intending to score any freebies.  King's Fish House menus are printed daily, Chris said, to allow for daily specials and price fluctuations based on fish availability.  Chris later appeared with our own menu, "Happy Anniversary - Mr. and Mrs. Johnson!" across the menu masthead. Nice touch!Everything we ordered - from crab cakes appetizers, to desserts -- arrived perfectly timed, and every item was as delicious as could be.  Wifey and I, marvelously of like minds, both ordered the salmon.  Hers was macadamia nut-encrusted; mine was the blackened.  Chris warned that it's a bit spicy.  I sd, "Bring it!"  He sd, "Don't worry, if there's anything you don't like, let us know and we'll bring you what you do like."As we were leaving, I noticed the live lobster tank, and a particularly large specimen.  Right in the middle was, what we were told was a 10 lb lobster - truly the largest I've ever seen anywhere.  All the other lobsters were so intimidated by this guy (gal?) they had fled to the far ends of the tank, with this monster by himself in the middle.  Just then a cook nonchalantly fished him out -- I thought to throw him in a boiling pot, pursuant to some customer's order.  No, he had pulled out the lobster and plopped him on a large oval service tray, just for us to view up close, outside the tank (said lobster's appendages extended slightly beyond the edges of the large oval tray). We observed upon leaving how well-maintained all their facilities were (immaculate!) but most important, how all the staff appear to be superbly trained along the lines of, "anticipate the customers' needs, and provide impeccable service.  You are empowered to answer any customer service request in the affirmative. Whatever it takes for our customers to have an outstanding visit with us."We are already looking forward to our next visit!
5	We try to come here on every vist to AZ. I like this location way better than the one in Long Beach. And I live in Long Beach and used to work at that location. LOL. The service was prompt and friendly. The server asked if we would like the kid's food with the appetizers which is always nice. He answered all of our questions and gave suggestions. The food was hot and tasty. Everyone enjoyed their meals. We had a good time.
2	This was my 2nd time to this restaurant and will be our last. Our waiter Cody spent more time "chatting" with his fellow co-workers. Salad was late and only brought when we asked about it. Iceberg lettuce for $4.95! Food was immediately brought after salad. Food was luke warm. Ordered scallops and paid $25.00 for them. 8 1" fishy tasting. Worst scallops ever, especially for the price. We ordered a bottle of wine and Cody put in a bucket at the end of our table. Not once did he come back and pour for us. Very sub-par for the money. Won't return!
5	Hi, I just wanted to let you know that I have been returning over and over to Kings Fish House.  One of my fav meals:I had a half dozen oysters - which are always the finest in the valley in my opinion.I told the oyster shucker, the waitress, and the manager that I always totally enjoy the oysters at your Kings Fish House.  The best there is!I also had the grilled swordfish, rice, and spinich - with 2 glasses of chardonnay.The warm sour dough bread and butter was also incredible tasty with my wine!One of my fav meals for sure.  I love King's Fish House.Also I asked the bartender to turn on the stanley cup game andthey promptly took care of it.  I sat at the oyster bar which I like to do so I can watch them prepare the oysters!  It was an excellent meal. See you next week!
5	I love this place. It is so much better than Red Lobster. Menus are printed twice per day so the information is up-to-date and you never have anything run out.  The seafood is as fresh as it can be, seeing that we are nowhere near the ocean, and the variety of options is tremendous.  It isn't just your classic steamed with lemon or fried with tartar sauce.  Every experience here has been top notch. I highly recommend this place to anyone in the mood for seafood.
5	Started with oysters and Chardonnay - then grilled Tilapia, rice, and zucchini - a perfect meal!    All recommended by our beautiful bartender who looked exactly like Thandie Newton!  Then - walk the mall at tempe mkt place. Very nice!!!!
1	$90 for a deep fried hot combo and a couple of crab legs? I feel like I could have purchased a couple of frozen bags of fried shrimp and it would have been $10, way overpriced.
3	Love this place, but my last visit was a little sub-par. Server was a little standoffish, and the food preperation was not what I was expecting, especially when the bill rises above $40-50 after tip. Probably go back again, but I'm hoping for a much better experience when I do.
4	We came here for dinner recently. It was a horrible hot day. So I wanted to go out after being out of town all week.We went in the bar entrance. The bartender sat us in the restaurant ,but where he could see us in the bar.He was our waiter,which was fine until he got busy.M's Fish dinner had to be sent back because it was just not that good and incredibly salty. They did make him another one which came out much better.It was not the worst fish I have ever had, but not the best either. Maybe because, it is Phoenix and I am comparing it with other cities.But, sad to say I am not a fan. However, the corn was really good. I am not a corn eater normally, but it was cut fresh off the corn and was really good.The reason I am giving 5 stars is the dessert.It was such good Key lime Pie! I mean really good. They say they make it right there in the restaurant! It tasted just like what I had in The Keys!Who would ever think that you would go for fish and love the dessert instead, but it happened.This is a place I would go to in the future for dessert for sure, the seafood is better than Red Lobster, but that is not saying much. Because, I cannot say I would ever go to a Red Lobster ever again. I might go back here though. Maybe we just need to give it another try. I thought the cocktail napkins were really cute. The menus are printed up every day so that would indicate they maybe just had a bad fish day.Bathrooms were clean and the parking is easy.
5	Just had one of the best meals of the year! Everything was delicious; from the starter bread to the last bite. The side of coleslaw was absolutely perfect, and would've been a better meal than most places by itself. Lump crab - Amazing, Caesar salad - fresh and crisp. Main course was everything we were hoping for and some. Service was a delight and the atmosphere was alive and well, without being too loud. Can't wait til our next visit.
1	Over cooked lobster and very fishy mussels and clams. This is the not the first time we've been let down here. We will not be coming back.
1	I had read a review that King's was an over priced Red Lobster. Unfortunately the food didn't even measure up to that. Over cooked fishy tasting salmon that wasn't fresh, soft shell crab was horrible, and for the price point we were expecting much more.
4	I am a fan of King'sI had the beer battered fish and chips and it was pretty goodThe fish was cooked well and the chips (fries) were freshI also chose a Mac n cheese as a side And it too was scrumptious, reminded me of Sauce's Mac n cheeseThey have a pretty good beer selectionI went for the King's blonde ale and again, another good choiceOn my next trip I plan on trying the sushi!
4	I was taken to King's Fish House for my birthday by my wife and daughter.  We were wanting to try a place we had not been before.  Since we live in NW Glendale we were hoping King's would be better than average.  It was.  Oysters were great... not too fishy and a great assortment of sides with it.  Even tried some tuna sushi.  Courses went from scallops to macadamia crusted halibut to N'awlins shrimp.  5 drinks between us and a couple appetizers as well as a couple of deserts.We requested to be seated outside (it was really nice outside) but no one was out there and it was a Wednesday night... makings for disastrous wait staff problems.  But we had a great waiter who came just the perfect amount of times even though we were "out of the way".So... It's a 30 mile trek for us... and we won't go back all the time but we will go back when we want a great seafood restaurant!
4	Service: 5/5 server was friendly, honest and very helpfulFood: 4/5 food was good but too expensive for what you were getting. All together we ate ciopinno, grilled salmon with sides, and med pasta with swordfish
4	It is too bad that this location is so far way from home. I have been to several King's Fish House both in AZ and in CA. And have always been very happy. I am not a fan of the Tempe Market Place area. It is a little difficult to get in and out of.  But I do like the setting.  We were able to sit outdoors and watch people go by which was enjoyable. We had Salmon for both orders. Very well prepared. Just a nice piece of fish well cooked. Service was very good.This is always a go to if we are in the area for a nice piece of fish.
3	Went there for a company outing and we found out that the appetizers are better than the main dish...The Mediterranean dish was good enough...The waiter was very friendly and helpful when deciding what to order since it was the first time there...
5	Great place for fresh seafood or at least many of the choices are fresh daily. We had a very attentive server. The swordfish was excellent as was my sea bass.  Easy to get to from the Casa Grande area, just about a 40 minute drive fro here.
2	Totally average quality and taste... over-priced chain. Service is always lacking. I don't go here by my own choice.
4	I've been driving by this place for a long time every time I go into Tempe Marketplace and was always curious about this place. So today I decided at the last minute to give this place a try. The place is very modern looking and my son commented that it was something like a boat house. I could somewhat see that with lots of wood and pictures of fish. Anyways, they started us off with  sour dough bread and butter. I always love sour dough bread and it was very good. For appetizers we had fried calamari and a few cups of clam chowder. The calamari were huge pieces with a very flakey batter on it. Excellent. Really enjoyed it. The clam chowder was gobbled up by my wife without no complaints. I tried it and was pretty good. For our main course, I had the Ono fish with rosemary potatoes and mac and cheese. Ono fish is somewhat like the swordfish which is a little dry so overall I thought my meal was good. Loved the Mac and cheese with the rosemary potatoes. My wife had the Mahi-Mahi with spinach and carrots. Her meal was really good. This fish was very tender and juicy. Cooked perfect. She enjoyed it. My son had the linguini with clams and he gobbled it up so he really enjoyed it. My mom ordered the full fried catfish and when they say full. They mean full. Head and tail included. Huge catfish which was bigger than the plate but she ate it all and thought it was really good. So overall, we had a good meal. Service was good. Our server kept filling our water cups up all the time and the food came out in a timely manner. All I can say is huge portions, good food, good service and we will be back again. Enjoy.
3	A decent dinner. Nothing especially stood out, but nothing was wrong, either.The restaurant was quite crowded; we didn't realize there was a major sporting event the next morning and 100,000 people were carb loading for the marathon. The wait was still only 10 minutes and service was quite good. My biggest issue was that a lot of the space smelled like fish. Husband said, "It's a fish house," but no, it shouldn't have a fishy smell!Husband ordered a hazelnut encrusted salmon and I had the trout amadine. The fish was perfectly cooked. His was sweet in a sort of surprising way. My fish didn't have a lot of flavor, except what came from the sauce. Sadly, there was not enough sauce to cover the ends of the fish. I like that you can choose your sides. I had mashed potatoes (good) and spinach (they give you a lot but it's not really seasoned; should have used salt and lemon). Didn't taste husband's but he had zucchini and ratatouille.There's a lot to get into at this place. Like I said, quite decent.
4	Atmosphere was good.  Had shrimp angel hair pasta and oysters. Food was great.  Want to try sushi next time.  Service was decent.  Wasn't busy and service was still really slow. If service was better I would give this place a 5 star
2	Dined here on Wednesday (1/22/2014) with my daughter for dinner. Service was very good but our waiter was not up to speed on their menu or seafood. Daughter had the sea bass that was not fresh but should have been for the price. My sea scallops were not sea scallops but appeared to be small bay scallops and were definitely frozen and chewy.  Will write this place off the list as a good place to eat.
5	I came here today with my mom for our mother-daughter shopping day. I saw the prices and kind of freaked. Not gonna lie, I was a little worried. I ordered the lemon nut sea bass with the Mac n cheese and garlic mashed potatoes. My mom got the clam linguine. We both fell in love. The Mac and cheese... I can't even describe it. It was amazing. Even my mom was blown away. We left there with full tummies, and a little buzzed. Would definitely come back. Maybe I'll bring the boyfriend here soon. Either way, I'm getting the sea bass.
5	Dined here and had another phenomenal experience. Service was great and it seemed like the entire wait staff/server staff/busser staff was in synch. I always appreciate it when staff at restaurants are all willing to help, regardless of their "job". It's not often that I crave a fish dinner, but when I do, I can count on King's Fish House to hit the spot. The food is good, the service is good, and the atmosphere is great. I would highly recommend it to anyone.
1	We have dined at King's Fish House in Southern California, have had  good experiences there, so, thought we would try it in Tempe with some friends.Boy we were disappointed with the entire dining experience! ...  with the exception of the sourdough bread. The Server that asked for our drinks was dull, & when asked how late they were open, was happy her shift would be over soon  --  the Server who brought our food - seemed bothered that she had to wait on her customers, no smiles anywhere & when we asked questions about the menu the answers were short & curt. The wild shrimp was not fresh,  sauteed spinach too much garlic.  When asked our friends how their meals were one said he enjoyed the trout almondine, others were so, so - disappointed the scallops were small - which our Server told us was because they were not in season. We had to flag a server down to ask for something  - seems all held their heads up in the sky instead of looking around for their customers inquiries or needs.When we inquired about  the salted caramel ice cream for dessert, we were informed that it is only available in the summer and had to coax our Server to tell us what else was available, again she seemed very bothered.We will not be back - not any of us, will visit this place only on our trips to Southern California.Perhaps they should have the Employees in Calif. train the Servers & Chefs in Tempe.
2	We came here for our wedding anniversary last Fall and were very disappointed. My parents love this place in Southern CA, so they recommended we eat here in Tempe. The waiter didn't seem to know much about the menu and wasn't able to offer really good advice. He just would say everything was "really good." He also seemed to take occasional smoke breaks, because he would come back to our table wreaking of cigarettes and stink up the whole area. It was extremely unappetizing to smell that odor throughout our dinner. Every time he'd come back to the table, the smell of like wet musty cigs just kind of lingered in the air and my husband and I would look at each other. In addition to that, the food was bland. I ordered steamed mussels and they really didn't offer any kind of good broth. I also ordered a white fish off their most popular menu thinking that I couldn't go wrong and it was completely bland. My husband thought his meal was decent. We both agreed we would never go back to King's Fish House when we want to eat a nice seafood meal.
5	I can eat salmon almost every day, so when I had the hazelnut crusted salmon I was in heaven!  The sides are fresh and the server was pleasant.  I will definitely be back for my salmon fix!!!!
5	Love dis place. Ashley P in the bar is fabulous. She a redhead after my own heart. Come wine and dine. You will be happy you did.
5	Food was great, service was fast & the atmosphere was nice. We are surely enjoyed our first time here.I recommend trying the HOT n' SPICY POKE TUNA !! so BOMB !!
3	I came here for "easy hour" a while back with my ladies and what can I say...At 5pm on a Friday, business was crazy busy!  We waited around for about 30 minutes before we were seated.  The wait time isn't so bad when you're guzzling pina colados and bloody marys with great company.  When we finally were seated, we ordered two oyster samplers, the baja ceviche fish cocktail, a garden salad with Caesar dressing on the side[my friend is quirky like that], a hot seafood combo, and the macadamia nut crusted Alaskan halibut.  The oysters were delicious and the ceviche was refreshing.  The salad had ranch dressing poured all over it even though we had asked for Caesar dressing on the side.  When we asked our waitress about this, she apologized and said she'll bring us a new salad in 5mins which actually came out 20mins later after a reminder from my friend.  Oh well.  It's just salad and it *was* pretty busy.  The seafood combo was very flavorful and delicious but the biggest disappointment was the overcooked halibut.  I was most excited for the halibut so when I ate a fork full of dried fish, I was pretty sullen.My overall experience with King's Fish House wasn't too bad but I think I'll just stick with drinks and oysters the next time I stop by.
4	I go to Tempe about once every five years. It's just not convenient for me and, other than ASU, there's nothing there that I can't find closer to home.On the way home from an awesome car show at Falcon Field in Mesa my wife wanted to pop into Tempe Marketplace. It was lunchtime so we stopped in at King's.The service was terrific. The ambiance is great and the New Orleans jazz is easy on the ear. But, I came here to eat and I wasn't disappointed.I had rainbow trout with a side of rice and corn on the cob (which they cut off the cob). My wife had Mexican shrimp on a skewer with a mixed veggie side and rosemary potatoes. Both dishes were excellent. I may have to come to Tempe more often.
1	Awful service, mediocre food, will not return. For a lunch that cost us $111.00 we would have fared better at Panda Express or Chick Fil-A....skip this place, not worth it.
1	Four of us went to dinner here and two of us had to send our cold dinner back. The menu has changed from what it was before. They used to have a better selection and now the food had much to be desired . Too bad...the coconut shrimp they used to have was great.  We won't be going back soon at those prices.J and K
4	It's more like 3 1/2 stars. Not a fan but wasn't turned-off either.I guess if the service was quicker the experience would have been more enjoyable ~ That is where I am not a fan. It took FOREVER to get our appetizer...then an eon to get our entrees. It wasn't busy, as there were only 4 occupied tables present (small parties of 2-4). It took 25 minutes for us to receive our Cold Seafood Platter appetizer. Possibly another 10-15 minutes for our entrees after we finished our appetizer. Not sure where the service failure originated, if it was the kitchen or our server. But they were slower than a herd of turtles. I did enjoy my meal. It was definitely enough so fill me up. The quality was good. The taste satisfying. Presentation appealing. I ordered the King Crab Legs that come along with 2 side. I chose the Grilled Zucchini and Caesar Salad. The zucchini was grilled to perfection. The caesar salad was a liitle dry. It could have had a little more dressing added to it. This wasn't my first time here. It won't be the last time either. There are few places in the Phoenix Valley to get select fresh seafood at lunch time. This place beats the socks off of Seafood Market off of Baseline in the Dana Park Plaza. The prices are a little higher but much worth it as the quality of the fish and seafood is exceptional for being in the desert.
5	Finding a FRESH Seafood Restaurant in Arizona can almost always be a chore so we were delighted when they presented us with a menu printed daily with a great selection of fish - shellfish etc.  We immediately got the party started with a selection of several oyster types harvested from Canada to Mexico and were amazed when they arrived super fresh and prepared correctly.  Very uncommon to get them so fresh without grit or shell pieces.  Without doubt the best we've have had in Arizona.  Im a Clam Chowder fanatic and I cant believe I'm saying this but this place had the best of anything I've tasted on either coast.  The chowder was filled with fresh clams not chunks of potato filler much appreciated!  Seems like we ordered one of everything and all of it was fantastic never experience a fishy smell or taste the entire meal the way fresh fish should be.  Nice atmosphere and a cool little pub area makes this place my favorite Fish House.  Prices are fair for this type of meal possibly a little steep for the Tempe Mall I would imagine they could triple their ROI with a location in North Scottsdale hint hint.  Anyway this place is well worth the 30 minute trip from our home and we will be back again soon.Forgot to mention they have great craft packets to keep the kids busy at the table better than any other restaurant - our six and eight year old girls loved it.
5	Yes this is the place. Creative with all the dishes. Excellent presentation. Very clean. Restrooms clean. Staff very professional
3	The fish tacos were delish.   The lobster bisque was awful.   It had a poor after taste, too sweet, and was missing any noticeable lobster.  We splurged on the diets with the sourdough bread and while I feel guilty on one hand the other was happy because the bread was yummy.
3	Eaten at their location in long-beach, CA on many occasions this location I would say to be slightly better I like the blue cheese candied walnut salad (on a diet) the shrimp cocktail was excellent (ok I was a little bad with my diet) I had to have the key lime pie (it's tart, but oh so sweet!)
2	It was ok seafood. Real unimpressed by chewy calamari overly fried with dipping sauce that is ketchup with a bit of cayenne pepper- gross. Calamari best cooked is lightly fried, with a butter garlic sauce, porchini pepper rings, and a zesty marinara sauce. It also shouldn't be tough or chewy it should melt in your mouth. I had a shrimp in marinara and it didn't have much flavor. This isn't one of the better chains at Tempe Markerplace. I won't be coming back here. I'm from New England so maybe I'm picky....
4	This is the first time my husband and I ate inside the restaurant.  The last two times my husband ordered takeout.  We usually order the fish and chips.  My only complaint is the fish is soggy by the time he gets home.  We live about 12 miles away.  So we decided to see if it would still be soggy if we ate there.  Unfortunately it was still soggy but still very good.  We will probably go back and order another 2.5 lbs lobster.  That was yummy!
4	It seems that when we are looking for fresh fish, King's is the go-to place. I think we've been to King's at least five times this year and have tried several of their selections. Always have a great variety of fresh oysters on the half shell....some of our favorites are always on the menu. The menu changes daily, depending on the fresh deliveries of fish. The sushi menu is surprisingly extensive....the ahi poke is expertly prepared and delicious.We like to try other seafood restaurants around the valley, but when we don't want to take a chance.....King's is always dependable.
3	Granted with a seafood menu that changes daily, due to availability, it certainly is a fine find for Phoenix.  However we had some mixed reviews.We both had the spicy seafood chowder.  It was extremely good with plenty of seafood, had a nice favorful taste but not necessarily "spicy", but that's our taste and we would most definitely order it again.  Just don't be put off by the "spicy" label.  The bread is awesome.I had the Ahi tuna and my partner had the whaoo.  Perhaps it was simply an off day but the tuna they served me was full of membrane (grizzle).  Out waiter saw the piece after he served it and was very quick to remove and replace it.  The sauce that accompanied it was tasteless and couldn't figure out what it was or suppose to be.  I had to request wasabi which typically always comes with ahi. The garlic mashed potato's were a garlic lovers dream.  Now to the wahoo.  We were surprised to see it offered in the desert as we always order it when on the Yucatan.  If you haven't had the pleasure it is a firm white fish with a distinct taste.  Unfortunately, this piece was overcooked and thus dry.  So perhaps an off day for the kitchen and with that much fresh fish combined with the length of time they have been in operation, we will definitely give it another try.
2	The only reason I don't give them a single star is because I'm hoping one day they get back to form. My family has been going to the Salt Cellar for many many years and this place stole our business. They always made amazing seafood, fish, and believe it or not had the best wings hands down! Now its just not the same. I heard they switched or lost their main chef, I don't know if thats true. But I bragged this place up for years and finally got my entire girlfriends family to try it as they're big seafood fans. Absolutely terrible the last couple viists. Nobody finished their plate. The staff is still excellent and extremely knowledable about the menu. The cook needs to go! I feel bad because I know it hurts their tips. To say the least after paying for the whole meal and about $200+ later I was upset and won't be back. Salt Cellar is a farther drive but if I'm dropping that much money in a restaurant I want my money's worth.
1	We've been here several times and always experienced great service and food. However, we walked out about a week ago due to awful service. We asked for a booth and were seated in the bar area. Maybe we had bar staff waiting on us and that explained the service, but there shouldn't be any difference from the main room. We ordered two salads, I had soup and appetizer, and we got a kids meal. The service was fine at first, with the kids meal coming out first, then my soup....then my appetizer....then nothing. Had to ask for more bread. About 45 min after waiting, we asked the front staff to tell the manager to get us some service. A few min later, our waiter came back, no apology, no eye contact, very sullen. He took a couple dishes away and said the food would be coming soon. Fifteen minutes later, still nothing, the waiter couldn't even be bothered to come by again. An hour after we had arrived and my husband still hadn't gotten anything to eat except the bread. We decided to leave and talked to the manager who apologized, comped what we had ordered and gave us a gift card. We'll obviously come back since this is clearly not normal for a restaurant like this, but was very surprised at such poor service on this night.
1	$21.00 for 3 shrimps and 2 scalops. Very disappointed in the serving size. See photos!
1	Highly over priced for Red Lodster style food.I paid $22.00 for 3 shrimp and 2 scallops. Serously better food Joes crab Shack.
5	Went in for the first time and I must say I am FIVE star impressed. Went in alone and sat at the bar and a delightful gentleman named Chris G helped me. Since I wasn't familiar with the menu, he suggested a bunch of different options. Went with a sushi roll which was delicious. I was hankering for something else light, and Chris recommended the grilled zucchini. BEST decision ever! Soooo good. I sincerely appreciate Chris and his great personality and way he guided me through the experience. And the menu, yes please! I'll definitely be back, especially to see Chris! Thank you thank you!!
1	Came here and were seated quickly. The waiter was prompt and the bread we received was great. After that it went down hill. It took the waiter another 10-15 minutes to come back and get our order. Two of us ordered the hot seafood platter and my dad ordered one of their specials (I greatly apologize that for the life of me I cannot remember what it was). All I can remember is that it was their most expensive fish special. Our food took a while to arrive, and at $25 for the fish and $30 for the platter, we were getting hungry and expected everything to be delicious. Here is where things keep going down hill. Every thing on our seafood platter was fried which was no big deal. What was a big deal was that it was dripping oil. And everything was so salty we could not possibly finish it. The crab cakes were deep fried and definitely did my taste like crab. I had a crab cake at Golden Corral and they tasted the exact same (actually golden corrals was better). The fish mg dad ordered was also abysmal. The taste itself wasn't too bad (but also nothing special) it was the fish itself. I don't know if it was a bad quality fish or bad preparation but it was awful in texture. We all tried some and agreed that it was incredibly dry and chewy. The $2 swai fillets from Walmart were higher quality than that. The sides were okay but again, nothing special. If this were your average seafood restaurant I would give it two stars, but for $60 for three people, it was definitely not worth it.
3	I was meeting two of my employees to have a lunch meeting, and this place was recommended by a colleague.  Anyways as soon as I walk in I got ignore, I have to ask if I needed to seat my self then she said "oh you are waiting" (with bad attitude) I almost say no I just here for decoration, duh of course I was waiting. So she took my name down, less than one minute after few people walk in and she greet them with a smile and ask of two or more, so they got a table.  We got our table, thing change here our server was nice, attentive and give us recommendations.  The 3 starts is for the first people when you walk in, customer service needs to improve or I do I need to change the color on my skin.  God we are in 2014!! Our server was nice, food was good.
1	I have been going here for years and I really have to write that it CONTINUES to have HORRIBLE service.  Also, they have not changed their side menu items since they opened.  My friend had a crab salad that came out with WHOLE CARROTS and 2 inch chunks of cucumber. Ridiculous...and for the $26 cost.  Bought a $30 entree of Halibut that came out dry and cold. The whole plate was cold. They apologized one hundred times, but seriously, this restaurant will close soon.  The only thing we had that was worth it were the Kumomoto oysters.  Going to find another place that serves them and NEVER going back to Kings. I'm done.. This was Saturday night and when we left, I looked back and the place was really empty.  Save your cash and mostly EXASPERATION with the clueless who work here.
4	This Review is for the General Manager at Kings. She got in touch with me (I'm sure, after verifying research on my history with Kings.) She promised changes coming and has sent me a pass for another dining experience.  I will try Kings again and re-post my next experience.My conversation with her was very professional and she is very sweet. I hope to have a nice meal there soon...like it was when they first opened and had me hooked (no pun). So 10/21/14 I went back for LUNCH at the bar  and I had oysters, fish and chips that was fresh and fluffy and paired it with a tasty craft IPA. Seriously, the raw bar is excellent, and the food is good, service was slow, but very pleasant as they checked in after lunch was served.  I did not see any new sides of the menu yet, but I was told they were coming so I just had tavern fare. The restaurant did really try to accommodate the lousy experience I had with the previous review.  What else can you ask for really? This is a real fish restaurant in Tempe aiming to please.
5	We decided to try King's again and were very glad we did. The ahi was absolutely delicious. Husband loved the crab legs. Mac and cheese was exceptional.  The sourdough bread compares with that in San Francisco. Service was awesome. He brought half bottle of wine in ice and knew how often to check back. We will definitely be returning.
4	King's is somewhat reminiscent of New Orleans to me.  It's like a Disney version of New Orleans, not in a bad way but just similar is how Disney takes the best of place and magnifies them while removing the gritty reality that defines them just as much.I actually really like King's, I wish it were closer to my house because I'd probably eat here everyday for lunch.What would make this place perfect would be live Jazz and a packed house of half drunk people enjoying themselves.
1	Way too expensive for what they give you, and they will get your order wrong.I had a craving for clam chowder and called around, found out they had it, and placed an order for pick-up. I asked for crackers with my chowder, just to be sure, and they assured me that they'd put that with my order. My husband asked for fish and chips.When I get there to pick it up and got a look at the receipt I almost fainted. They charged $18 for the fish and chips; the cup of clam chowder was $7 and when I got the bag home and opened it up, it was on the small side for a cup. There were also NO crackers for my clam chowder. The pieces of fish were rather big, but not big enough to warrant spending $18.
3	I had dinner and drinks there tonight with friends. I had the ahi tuna which was very good and everyone seemed to enjoy their meals as well. The cosmopolitans were fabulous. The only downside was that they had the bar window wide open and it was freezing in the restaurant tonight.  $100 for the 3 off us.
1	So we've come here multiple times trying to give it the benefit of the doubt, after tonight we will not be returning. We ordered the Tilapia with Mac and cheese and fries. After the first bite I told my husband, "This tastes like..." And he finished "How our wet dog smells" which is exactly what it smelled and tasted like. It was horrible! I ate three bites but could not stomach it anymore. We waited for the server to come ask us how it was (usually they do that) but he never bothered to ask and barely even stopped at our table again. You think he would have noticed the barely touched fish on my plate. The fries were also over cooked and the Mac and cheese wasn't good either. We took the leftovers home intending to give it to the dogs and not waste it. But on the way home we both started feeling queasy. He ate more than I did so he felt it more, I'm pretty sure it gave us a small dose of food poisoning, but thankfully we didn't eat much of it. We decided to throw it all away instead of getting the dogs sick as well. We will not be returning to this establishment.
5	Always a great experience at kings! Amazing food and the service is excellent! I love to sit at the bar with Ashley P, she is so sweet and always gives the best suggestions! So many great things to choose from and always so fresh, I love the rotating menu! Keep it up Kings, I love to come visit!!!
4	I was there 2 days ago for 630 dinner on a Friday. Tempe Market very busy because of Xmas shopping. I had a crab Louie salad and a local beer on tap. Others ordered the Ono and crab cakes and rock fish. Dishes were nicely made. Fish tasted fresh. Could actually carry on a conversation, which I always greatly value.
5	I've tried several times to eat oysters and it has ended poorly each time. My dad is a huge fan and he prefers to fry them. Still, I'd heard that some people eat them raw and have wanted to try them that way for a while. It was an adventure for both of us, but my dad and I shared an order of raw oysters. That is some of the best food the sea has to offer. In addition to the oysters of which we ordered another plate, I also tried the clam chowder and loved that as well. This place is pretty pricey, but good seafood in Arizona is hard to come by. I will return for another plate of raw oysters as soon as I can.
5	I have been to King's a few times in the past. Every time I go here I am never disappointed. My colleagues were very impressed with their first time here so, after that experience, I had to write a review. I took my colleagues to lunch at King's and I went against my normal order of Ahi and went for another type of Tuna. Albacore. I had the "World Class" Tuna Melt and the Oysters Rock. Everyone knows that I make the best tuna melt on this planet but I would have to say that King's makes the second best, bar none :) The bread was perfectly toasted and very hot when it arrived. The Tuna was the perfect temperature and it was served with a smile. The Oysters were fresh and the tasty. The rest of my party had some sushi rolls, Salmon cakes, Swordfish, and the jumbo white shrimp. They all devoured their meals, like I did. Service was fantastic. We had a party of six and we started at the bar. We ordered the food and had a drink but then we decided to move to a table to be more comfortable. I noticed it was busy and I felt a little bad for asking the bartender to move us but it didn't even phase her. I could tell she was busy but she didn't once flinch like it was a big deal. In fact she kept going above and beyond. Her sharp attentiveness to our table aside, she served all of our food without "auctioning" the food at the table, which I can't stand. Remember I told you we moved to a table after ordering from the bar and the fact that she was busy to begin with. Trust me when I tell you that this is no easy feat. Most people wouldn't even notice this type of service; It's called "seamless service". Drinks were always full and the table was maintained very neatly. I was impressed.I've always been a fan of King's but this experience changed me to an advocate.
4	I went on a local seafood restaurant kick over the holidays, including serving King Crab for Christmas Dinner. Check out all my current reviews. Everyone knows it's thin picking when it comes to "fresh seafood" in Phoenix, but Kings Fish House at Tempe Marketplace is the standout IMO. Kings is actually a wholesale fish distributer out of Santa Ana, CA. This allows their Fish House's to have one of the largest seafood selections in Southern Cal. Been coming to the Tempe location since it opened, a solid 4 star seafood "eating" experience. Their selections are extensive, I suggest you check out the online menu to prepare yourself before you visit. While the decor is modern and clean, to be honest, its just a tad boring for me. The oyster bar should be just jumping ... but they have a totally clueless happy hour, the place just lacks excitement!The quality of the seafood and large selection of fresh oysters at Kings Fish House puts Pappadeaux to shame, but the low energy keeps Kings from being more popular IMO. Rarely is the bar or restaurant over half full, I guess that good or bad depending on your viewpoint or philosophy.  A much more creative happy hour experience and late night "live local Jazz" would really put this place on the map ... yet still fit their theme. The potential of Kings Fish House is off the chart ... if only they could light a fire under the local management.
