3	On a boys trip to Vegas, in addition to gambling and drinking we decided to add machine guns to the list of things to do. Fairly close to the strip, this is a clean, friendly and fairly busy place. The only fully automatic machine guns that they rent are in pistol calibers 9mm etc and they were a bit pricey. We deciced to go with rifles and a 22 pistol. Well, we got an auto rifle anyway. The bushmaster .223 we rented had a habit of multi-shot bursts that concerned the range staff but they let us keep at it. They gave a curious explanation, but the rifle most likely had a few worn out parts, letting it do that. All in all a fun place,  much better that The Gun Store, where they are all-round...
4	This place was pretty cool. It was my first time ever shooting a gun or going to a range so at first I gotta admit I was a tad bit intimidated with the machine guns and shot gun blasts going off in the next rooms. I decided to start off small, I used my friend's Glock 9mm. We bought ammo from Wal-Mart before going, so that saved us some money rather than paying at at the range. I gotta admit after a few rounds, I'm addicted! I don't own a gun yet, but I'm going to be in vegas next week and I plan on visiting this place while I'm there. There were even chicks there and I think a couple of them probably shot better than me. Shooting a real gun is a whole lot different from GTA! Have fun! PS ALWAYS wear your goggles. ALWAYS wear your hearing protection and Ladies. DO NOT WEAR v-necks, as very hot shell casings could go in places undesirable.
4	This is the second time I've gone to this place on my yearly trek to Vegas.  The BF likes to shoot the fully auto's here seeing as California is too wimpy to allow the good stuff.  So we rented a Thompson and the other one was a HK MP5 PDW.It was pretty cool even though I killed a few rafters on my first spray.  You have to hold those babies steady!  LOL!  But after that it was all good.  So if you want a good selection of guns to pick from this place has it.  But it can add up!  We spent about $140 for both guns and a box of rounds for each, plus only one lane.  It's not cheap.
5	went here for the first time with my uncle to shoot. liked my uncle's pistol so much, i had to have one for myself. went back to them to get mine. luckily they had the one i wanted, in stock. but the guy told me if they didn't have it, they could have had it in 48 hours or less. went through the whole paperwork process, then the back round check thing (which takes 72 hours to clear) then went back and picked it up. not only did they go over everything on the gun for me again, but they a card for a free day on the range. sure its only like a 15/20 dollar value, but hey, at least they give ya something. the store has TONS of toys in it. the range is really nice too and the lane marshalls keep the place clean(sweeping up shells) and make sure everyone is paying attention on the range. for those who dint have guns, they have quite the selection of firearms to rent. i watched a couple get a lesson in how to use a 9mm. the guy was very patient and explained all necessary steps in handling a gun. when they got the range, they looked like they knew what they were doing. if your ever in the market for a gun, this a great place to go, their staff is very knowledgeable and help-full.
5	I've been here a couple times in the past and decided to put up a review after driving past it this morning.This has got to be the most professional, cleanest and the best shooting range I have been to in my life. Everywhere else sucks! The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Their rifles are well maintained, I  shoot ar-15's and glock19. My only gripe is that the rifle range is only 50 yards (too easy to put a round through the same hole) as I am used to shooting at outdoor ranges up to 400 yards. I stay away from the fully auto weapons as those are more of a tourist thing or for people that have never shot a fully automatic rifle before. I believe all the automatics they have available are in pistol calibers. If you are looking to shoot an automatic ar-15, you will have to go somewhere else.
3	Like a kid in an overpriced candy store!!Well, first of all I would like to say that I used to go here almost every other weekend and it is one of the cleanest and modern looking gun stores/indoor shooting ranges in Vegas. The staff is really great and friendly and helpful in answering your questions. The store area and the shooting range was remodeled not too long ago and the place looks awesome. They have a wide range of firearms, accessories and gear for all (most) of your shooting needs.HOWEVER, the reason that I only gave it 3 stars is because of their pricing.. I understand that they are a business and are here to make money and that they have to recoup the money they spent to modernize the place, so they have to get that money back somehow. The prices for range use have gone up. I could not tell you if they have gone back down since the last time I shot there but that was well over 6 months ago. It used to be $10 per person but was jacked up to $15. Not too much but significant enough for me to want to patronize other facilities especially if going with a group, that money can add up really quickly!! But one thing that never ceases to amaze me is how much they mark up the prices on most of their firearms! Alot of the time you will pay$100 to $200+ for the same weapon you could get a lot less from somewhere else in the valley.Nice facilities, Nice staff, Bad prices!!
4	the range is free and open for lady day wednesday! how can i complain?!american shooters is clean, the staff is friendly and professional, and it's where I bond with pops to be the son he never had.so why not 5 stars?? my cousin pointed out my possible doppleganger that works at the asian massage parlor a few doors down. what are the odds. EGH
4	I shoot their range frequently. Best quality indoor range I have shot at in town. State of the art electronic target holders, etc. The range master keeps a good eye out for people doing stupid stuff. No! The barrel goes down range..  5 Stars for the rangeThe retail side has a very good selection but prices are high. Customer service is lacking. You have to track them down sometimes to buy something. Not the personal service you get elsewhere. 3 stars for the shop.
4	So I'm from Cali and gun laws are a little different here in my new home here in Vegas. Which means you get the chance to pop off a fully automatics. What a great chance for us helpless civilian folk to practice shooting at paper for a few hours to pass the time. Did some homework on a couple of the nearby ranges and decided to grab a membership here nearly half a year ago and have definitely shot my moneys worth of guns n ammo to make the difference, especially when you have the homies stroll into town, it gives us something else to do when we have some downtime in between coming off our hangover and hitting up the strip. On top of that I plan to eventually purchase a handgun so what better way than to try out the bevy of guns they have on the rack for rental? Which by the way is free with membership. When you get the chance hop over to the other side to check out their FFL retail store so when you do figure out what it is you want on gun broker you can have that bad boy shipped over to them. If you can stand the occasional group of drunktards and d bags, spotty customer service, busy weekends, and the dude with the questionable tattoos (-1 star) then by all means getcha itchy trigger finger over here already.
1	Save your money and go somewhere else to shoot or buy a gun.I have been a member here and have shot here for years and have watched them slowly fill this range with every rude douche in Las Vegas. I brought the family here for some family range time and was belittled by the staff and watched them consistently interupt and belittle others in lanes next to ours. On top on this the prices have gone through the roof. I will never return and most certainly never buy a firearm here.
4	First of all I don't like guns, but I do believe in respecting them.  That's why I shoot from time to time.  American Shooters is a great place to do so. The staff is very knowledgeable and helpful.  A tip; if you have someone in the Military go with you it's like 20% off or something close to that.  When I went it cost 4 people around $30 each which included glasses, ear protection, gun rental and a box or rounds each.  So if you have itch to go shooting I would recommend American Shooters.
5	This place is great! The price was great and the shooting range had a perfect layout. Everything from fully auto to semi-auto to your standard 9 mm! I even saw people bringing in there own guns and the cost to use the range seems minimal for personal use. ~Gives priority to Military personnel, which is nice to see.
4	Shooting my guns can immidiately make me feel better. It's great to know there is a place to go where I can safely and legally discharge my wepon. God knows how many shells I left in the desert. If you come with your own ammo, eyes, ears, targets, guns. Then all you need is a lane rental and thats cheap. Now if you have to rent guns buy ammo, rent ear, and eye protection, buy their targets the event can all add up quick. But let me tell you its worth every penny to fire a 357 at a paper target. You can also buy you guns here. They are well stocked and run market price on most items. Military and law enforcement dicounts are available. The place is clean the staff is friendly and you can hang out here for hours just talking gun. My wife also enjoys the rentals she switches from gun to gun as her calibers of ammo run out. A far cry from the local range I grew up with.
4	So I should probably say that I have only recently gotten into shooting. Also, I have not yet been to other ranges. With that said, I have had a great few experiences here. It costs 15 bucks to use a lane and I'm not sure if that's pricey compared to other places. However, I don't find it bad. I bought eye and ear protection along with targets elsewhere. If you don't, they are a dollar a piece for the rental and for the target. Now I went in there never in my life firing a firearm previously. The first time I was there I shot my box of 50 rounds in one target and went home. Nothing bad to say about the place and nothing that great either. But the second time I had a great experience. There was a wait which kinda sucked. But when I was up, there were two awesome Safety Officers or whatever they call them that came up to me and gave me great advice and pointers. They even shot one of my guns to help see how they were sighted. That made me love this place. I wasn't too bad off the bat, but it helped my shooting.  I will shoot here regularly.
4	ive enjoyed this place everytime ive been in it on the shop side. the range side however ive only used once.the range is clean and well ventilated. they also host a wide variety of classes and events which is nice. their prices are high though.on the store side im always greeted, and i enjoy seeing what new stocks theyve got in. they give out military/law enforcement discounts which is awesome! and keeps me returning there.like they say, serving those who serve America
5	Tired of sight-seeing on the strip? Gambling? Drinking? Eating? Well... GO SHOOTING! My trip here was completely random, but honestly, it was spontaneity at it's finest and worth the experience. I have alwayssss wanted to go to a shooting range just because I love feeling the adrenaline rush of doing something dangerous, new, and exciting, and overall, I enjoy taking risks. After feeling hesitant from hearing the loudddd gun shots and seeing people do it live looking from the outside into the range, I decided to give it a go at shooting a rifle. Why? Cause it's VEGAS! My boyfriend and I decided to do this together, but were complete noobs. For all you first timers like us, have no fear! If you don't know what you're doing, the people that work here are super helpful and won't just give you guns and bullets to play with, they'll teach you everything you need to know so you don't kill yourself!! Mind you, I am quite the little person standing at a little above 5 feet, my 3 worries were: 1. the shot of the gun being so strong that it'll push me back and up against the wall (you know, just like you see in the movies) 2. accidentally shooting the wall, myself, or someone else (yeah, I'm pretty clumsy.....) & 3. my thumbs & hand getting chopped off from holding the gun wrong. So even after all of this, my turn came up to shoot and let me tell you.....I felt pretty damn bad ass yet scared/excited/nervous/hyped all at the same time. After going twice, it was such a huge stress reliever to shoot a real gun and experience that sense of danger and rush from doing something so out of the ordinary. It's not every day you're gonna go, "hey guys, let's go shoot some guns!!!" SO, if you need to get your mind off of something, relieve some tension, do something crazyyyyy/different from all your other Vegas trips, and you wanna feel like James Bond for a few minutes, come check this place out. The people are knowledgeable and helpful, it's a short distance from the strip, the prices may have been a little high, but it's just pure FUN and cool. Just don't shoot yourself.
5	Best range in town..  Clean, efficient and very helpful staff.
5	I came here as part of an 8 person group for a bachelor party. I'm a bit apprehensive about guns in general, and nobody in our group had really shot before. The staff here were super friendly and patiently took the time to explain our different options and the safety details of how to operate our firearms. Everyone in our group had a great experience and felt it was definitely worth the time and money to come out here.The facility was very bright, clean and well maintained. It definitely feels "safe".I can't comment on how the price or facility compares to other ranges, but it was a great experience for me and I'd highly recommend American Shooters to anyone that wants a safe, clean atmosphere to try shooting, even if it's your first time.
5	I'm a pretty experienced shooter, and I generally don't like indoor, square ranges, but American Shooters is a great range (and store) for two reasons: a wide selection of really amazing weapons, and great staff.On the weapons front, they have a wide (20-30?) selection of title II automatic weapons, including M4/M16s, the Kriss V "recoilless" submachine gun, and some medium machine guns (M60, etc.).  Each of these is $10-20k at least, and difficult to purchase (since they're made after 1986).  While the range charges a lot to use them, it's actually not a bad deal for what they are.  Still, burning through $50 in 5 minutes is not something I do lightly.They also have a wide selection of handguns and other semi-automatic weapons, at fairly normal ($10) rental rates -- ironically they were selling 1000 round 9mm for $249, about $20 more than discounted online prices; a lot of ranges would sell the same thing for $400+.They also have a cool prism system for doing tactical simulations (basically, video screens that run scenarios, which you can shoot); a bit pricey since it requires 2 staff to operate, but probably worth it.  Range fees otherwise are fairly normal.The staff at the range were all helpful; I was with a group of people with varying levels of shooting experience, and the range officers helped make sure everyone was safe (which let the more experienced people enjoy themselves without babysitting the others the whole time).The store is great too, although only accessories, ammunition, and apparel can be easily purchased by non-Nevada residents (state law changed for rifles and shotguns on 1 July 2011, but no one has updated their procedures to sell to out of state residents yet).  They have a great selection of weapons and accessories (including sound suppressors!), and helpful staff.This would definitely be my choice for a Las Vegas range and store; the only alternative is driving outside Clark County, or the Internet.
5	BEST shooting range in Las Vegas. Being a local I have the luxury of going to try all the ranges in town. Do not waste your time going to the one on Blue Diamond road. They are rude, only care about taking your money and it's an old outdated small ghetto range.I am an experienced female shooter (that's right, I'm from TEXAS) and this range and store is awesome for some many reasons listed below1. Great friendly knowledgable staff2. Awesome large shooting range with very helpful range masters3. Ladies shoot free on Wednesdays4. Ammo is standard pricing they don't overcharge you5. They don't babysit you if they see you know what you are doing6. Very helpful if you need assistance and questions7. Awesome large varity of guns to rent from Shotguns to Pistols 8. Not ridiculously over priced-lots of Glocks in stock9. Lots of fun accessories; holsters, grips, lazers, cuffs, sprays, loaders etc great retail store10. They treat me nice :) everytime
5	My boyfriend and his dad got the chance to shoot at the American Shooters facility this past weekend thru a package with Dig This. The care and amazing customer service that was provided not only to Chris and Curt, but also to his mother and myself cannot be described in words. They went out of there way to make this a special experience for Chris and his dad. They stepped in to take pictures for us that are simply priceless.This was an amazing experience and I can't wait to come back! Thank you guys for truly making this a memory we will never forget!
4	Not that I know a whole lot about how to evaluate shooting ranges that accommodate groups of 10 dudes who want to shoot machine guns just for the heck of it, but all in all, I was very happy with this place.I've been to another range in Vegas that had a much more slapped together feel than this place, so from that perspective, this place seemed a little more organized and professional.  I guess that is a good thing when you are talking about shooting M-60s for fun.  Unlike the other range I went to, this place has lots of regulars who practice their shooting here.I cannot recall the name of a gentleman who helped us select our guns and arrange for our lines, but he did give us a great deal that was far cheaper than the published rate.  Not sure if he did this because they always give a good deal, or because our group was 10 people...who will then each tell 10 more people what a great deal it was etc etc.  Either way, we spent way less than we thought we would.After waiting for a while for some lanes to open up, we got to select our three guns.  I chose an old Thomson Machine Gun, and an M-60 (basically the largest one available).  I asked the person helping us what he would recommend and without hesitation he chose the H&K54 because it was really loud and had a nice flame burst at the barrel when shot.   We each got to shoot 20-25 rounds of each gun and it only cost about $85 per person.  The H&K WAS really loud and we got to shoot the M-60 from a lying position.  It also had a laser scope which was pretty cool.The location was great, only about 5 minutes from the strip.  For those of you not used to being around guns (myself definitely included) it is a little unsettling at first because of all the guns and ammo walking around the place, but it never for a moment felt dangerous.
4	American Shooters was a BLAST!I went with a group of friends in Vegas who were all pretty much novices. A few of us had shot a handful of times in our lives, but even that was something like shooting a 22 rifle when we were kids. The staff was patient and helpful, explaining their pricing policies and helping us all choose weapons. I found it interesting that while the place wasn't crowded, I could tell that there are three types of clientele here. Tourists like us who think "hey, I'm in Vegas, I need to do something I've never done before". Other tourists who are regular shooters - especially foreigners who shoot with rifles but don't get a chance to shoot handguns often. Finally, they have a good amount of locals who use this as their regular range. I think it says a lot about a business that they can easily balance those three audiences without making newbies feel stupid or drive away their local regulars. I credit this to the professionalism, friendliness, and courtesy of the staff. I can't comment on the pricing or selection at the range, because I have no real point of comparison. I have no complaints about either. I got to shoot a few different weapons that had different feels, and I didn't feel ripped off. I felt welcome at American Shooters, and didn't feel rushed. Not sure if shooting would be a big priority for me on a return trip to Vegas, but if it were I would definitely come back to American Shooters.
4	I really don't know why this place has 3 $'s for the price.  It's way cheaper than The Gun Store.This past weekend was my first time shooting any gun.  The guy at the front desk was more than helpful, showing me how to load a clip, how to properly hold the Glock, foot positioning and hand positioning, hand/eye coordination, etc.  There was quite a bit of a wait time, that's really my only complaint.  I'm hoping the next time I go, I'll try out an AK-47.  I'd like for them to carry the Barrett .50 M107, but it may cost too much.Highly recommend this place over any other in Vegas.
5	I shoot all the time in California, but when in Nevada, you have to shoot the fully auto.We rolled up Saturday around 2PM and surprisingly their was no line. The staff was amazing and helpful. The breakdown was this...$15 - entry per person$15 - average rental price per gunSo renting four guns added up to about $100 for both of us. Some key take aways, the more people that come the cheaper it gets. Guns range from about $20 - $60 to rent. Two people shooting that's about $10 - $30 per gun. 5 people would be $4 - $15 per gun. The more people, the cheaper it gets.You have to use their ammo but they are actually quite fair. They basically charge you to use American Eagle ammo and tack on maybe 10% which kills the local ranges here. Box of 9mm (50 rounds) was $13. Even at walmart a box of Federal now days runs about $12... so all in all ammo wasn't too bad.Once you pay entry you can come back as many times during that day.Once you rent one gun, you can rent it over and over that day to your hearts content. We went back to a few rifles over the day.Since I asked to shoot stuff we couldn't get in CA, the staff brought all all SBR guns. Not all guns were maintained well. We shot an HK and the first one kept stove piping, the second had the barrel all shot out so the bullets tumbled when hitting paper and couldn't reach out to 25 yards even on semi.They have a 25 yard range for all pistol calibers including 223/556. Anything bigger such as 308 you have to go to the 50 yard rifle range.The whole time a staff member supervised us, I assume because they were worried we shoot up the place. In his defense I noticed gun holes in the roof. Guess they had experience with us out-of-towners.AK74 (Arsenal) - Wasn't that exciting. Muzzle climbs like no ones business. If you've never shot one go for it.  Arsenal I believe is down the street so they had tons of them.Tommy gun - Piece of history. I always dreamed of shooting this bad boy, and man was it freaking cool. Heavy as hell and the stock didn't fit well with me, but regardless super happy to shoot it.HK in 556 - Amazing gun. The thing had literally no recoil while bursting. However one of them had the barrel all shot out and wasn't as nice.S&W in 50 Cal - BOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMM. I'm sure we have this revolver in California but it looked so bad ass.... $13 dollars for 5 rounds though.Guns they had but we ran out of time to shoot:M60 - So bad assSCAR - always wanted to go al capone in 308.UZI - I asked if I could one hand shoot. He said as long as bullets hit paper.... maybe next year...Loved this place.
5	Outstanding experience taking my girls shooting for the first time (ages 8,13,17,17). We all had a blast! Unbelievable how much fun we had and how patient the staff was.
4	My boyfriend and I hit up this range from word of mouth from his friend, who said it's not as touristy as the other ranges. We went on our last day of vacation on November 11 along with 2 of my cousins. It's best to go to the range as soon as it opens instead of later since it can get busy. (Bachelor parties and what not). We had partied the night before, so we came around/before noon. Mr. Foote (I believe) was very nice and patient when helping us and other customers. He was short on staff so he was doing his best to help everyone coming in AND answering the phone. My boyfriend and I are from Hawaii where it is illegal to shoot automatics, so you can imagine how stoked my boyfriend was to play with the M60. One of the range guys, (who also happened to be from Hawaii. Kudos!) gave a crash course on the M60 with my boyfriend. (Can I say that my boyfriend looked HOT when he was in the prone position and his bubble butt in the air?) Wear ear plugs WITH the ear muffs. My boyfriend went in with just earplugs and I went in with the just the ear muffs and we were kinda shocked and jumpy. Even with double ear protection it was still loud in there. I'm giving 4 stars since this is my first indoor range experience with this company and can't compare it to any other. My cousins had a "blast" as well. BANG!
5	This place is awesome. the staff is really cool and helpful. they let u do everything by your self while a range master watches. they have a wide range of guns to rent from hand guns to machine guns. while i was there i rented a SAW M249 and was bad ass. the prices are reasonable. bring your family for a all around good time. A must visit when coming to Vegas
4	High quality place; very comfortable range, shopping environment. Shot on both the long rife side and pistol sides of the range.
2	American Shooters is the nicest gun place in town with the best gun displays and beautiful firing ranges.  However, their guns are overpriced and the range fees are ridiculous.  I took some coworkers there to show off some of my toys.  Each person had to pay $35, just for range fees!  ($15 for pistol range, plus $20 for rifle range)  That is ridiculous!  Why doesn't $15 pay for both?  Because I'm stupid enough to pay for both?  Well, never again.  Why pay your exorbitant fee when we can shoot in the desert for free?  Moreover, their range rules are overly restrictive: you have to stay seated while firing on the rifle range & you can not shoot the head on your paper target because they are afraid that you will destroy their pulley system.  I like to take people here when we are just looking.  But, we go somewhere else when we are spending money.
2	Overprice on everything. Try double tapping and you'll see how fast they come to you. A place for tourist.
5	I would definitely come back here and shoot. Great prices, great staff. I wanted to try a few different handguns on for size, and they didn't charge me per, but just for one, and let me swap as long as I paid for the ammo of course. Also they were quite helpful with questions and advice. The range is very clean, and the rangemaster was doing his job well.  Great selection of handgun rental, some rifles, plenty of full auto options.
4	Nice, clean shooting range with friendly staff.Shooting guns isn't my hobby or anything, but we do like to take people to go shoot guns when they visit Las Vegas (not sure why, but that's one thing our visitors always like to do!)Anyway, this place is much cheaper that a lot of the advertised places that you'll see on top of cabs on the strip (like the Gun Store or the Las Vegas Gun Range [where the workers are rude])There were three of us when I went and I think in total we paid just over a hundred bucks.  We each shot a few rounds.  I don't know price points for stuff like shooting guns and ammo, but I do know that I've paid more elsewhere.  I shot a sig sauer which had some loading problems.  The worker guy in the range was really helpful though and didn't give me the "your probably just loading the gun wrong because your a girl" look..American Shooters is definitely a place to try out, especially if your visiting LV!
4	This is one of the better shooting ranges here in Las Vegas.  The staff is friendly and professional, it is clean and the lane fee is reasonable.  I also appreciate the fact that you can bring in your own ammo.  The only down side from my experience is they REALLY frown upon you trying for a head shot. I got yelled at for trying .... boo!  Other then that minor detail, when looking for a good indoor range to shoot at this is a good one to go too.
5	I guess you can call me a gun nut and what's the first thing I do when I moved from California to Nevada?  If you guessed looked for a gun shop you're right!  Of course I used the knowledge and opinion of my fellow Yelpers and found American Shooters.  I actually was just here to browse but ended picking up a new toy or two ;).  American Shooters is actually an in door range on one side and a store in the other.  I prefer outdoor ranges so I didn't spend much time in there but from my quick glance they had a good selection of firearms and from what I saw it looked like they had a pistol and rifle range there too.I was more interested in the store anyways :p.  They had a good selection of pistols most of the big names were on display Glock, Springfield Armory, Sig Sauer, H&K etc.  They have a good selection of rifles too and if you're building an AR they have a lot of parts on display.  Also they have some shooting apparel in the back and if you look carefully they have some bulk ammo for sale too.  The customer service is top notch the associate who helped was very knowledgeable and wasn't pushy at all, I think his name was Kirk.  I was there to browse but ended up buying a Springfield Armory XDM9 3.8 for maybe conceal carry and that it's 19+1! THAT'S RIGHT! F U! CALI! lol.  Anyways I could have waited and got the pistol the same day but the background check was taking a little longer than expected cause there was a few people ahead of me so I came back the next day.   The next day picked up a pistol and started looking at the rifles I was maybe shopping for a Springfield Armory M1A1 but they didn't have one but a cool thing happened they were actually willing to contact there vendors and see if anybody had one.  Sadly no luck so instead picked up an L1A1 :).
5	Pew PEw PEW !!!#remember, what gets shot in vegas, stays in vegas. youknowwhatimsayin?!?!?
4	Being german and all I was taught that guns are bad. Just like republicans are bad. In general all americans are bad.. you know, thats what they teach us over there.Anyways, I did my citizenship, became Republican, joined the NRA and started shooting prairiedogs. Now, since living in LV I LOVE this range! Wendsday is ladies night meaning free range fee for women, which was nice. I will be bringing my german visitors here, to this horrible sport, but.. i kinda feel they will like it :)
5	Intimidating at first, but it became really fun.I'm kinda of new to shooting, any firearms let alone my own.Came here with hubby and our handy dandy 9mm. Learned how to lock, load, and fire. ...and above all, look at the safety,lol  no joke,really it's too easy to kill someone accidentally.This is only the second time I've been shooting, and I'd say for new timers, you must at least go with friends who are seasoned as I did, or you will be doing everything wrong. Each dance has an etiquette on what not to do there-at American shooters its "no head shots",so respect to rules.I finally got courage to fire my gun after some dude with what i swear was a cannon next to me, finished unloading. a shot gun was going off down the way and i have this little handgun,lol.Anyway I got good at it, and now I'm not worried about home invasions anymore, knowing how to quickly load and discharge accurately :)If you don't bring your own gun, ammo, earmuffs, or goggles, you can rent them all there. PS: they have a store too.
4	Nice selection of full automatics. Good ventilation. The guns were a bit on the finicky side. The two that we shot were not able to shoot single shot mode and both jammed when milking the trigger. No BAR (Big Azz Rifle) !The place we shoot in Reno has much better guns in a much finer state of tune.Still a nice place to spray!
4	This is my first shooting range ever, so my review can be a bit biased as I have nothing to compare it to.  But from my friends who are huge gun enthusiasts rave that this place has the best indoor shooting range.  I literally and figuratively had a blast here!  I didn't know I can shoot guns for 2 hours, but apparently I had so much adrenaline doing so that the time went by so fast.  We purchased 5 different targets, with one of them being a zombie target.  The zombie target is good, but you can't really tell where you're shooting and if you've actually shot where you're aiming.  I learned how to load my ammo, load the gun, check safety, point, aim, and shoot.  It's a bit scary, but after awhile, you kind of get real focused on shooting your best.  They have a wide range of things to rent here, and ammo can get really expensive if you're shooting for awhile.  It's best to purchase  your own ammo, and just pay for the rental space and targets.  I came here with 2 of my friends so I was able to use their guns and ammos.  They are serious about their safety here.  There's a man that walks the range to ensure you're not making head shots or shooting the railings.  I got yelled at twice for both.  You also have to wear ear, and eye protections.  Girls, I suggest, no v-necks, or low neck tops because the gun caps will fly in there, and they get pretty hot!  Oops!  This place is fun!  I suggest you go here to relieve stress, or practice your aim.  Also, I saw quite a few kids here practicing their shooting skills as well.  So good for kids too, but they have to be good kids!Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (60/365).
5	A friend of mine is considering getting a concealed carry permit and she wanted me to take her to a range to try out several handguns.Jess, the employee who helped us out at the front desk, was excellent; he spent a lot of time with my friend going over what guns to try, what she needs to do to pick out a handgun that works for her, etc. Overall, the front-desk experience was excellent and we ended up trying several different handguns over a two hour period.The range itself is very clean and well-lighted and the target holders and pulley system worked well (I've been to ranges where the target trolley/holder is all shot up and jury rigged with wire ties). The ammo price and range prices were reasonable for an indoor range. I know people complain that you can't bring your own ammo, but there are too many buffoons who bring crap reloads and metal core .223 ammo so I totally understand why they want you to use their ammo. It's there guns; their rules.The only negative is sort of funny... I'm 45yo and my friend is 48yo. We went on Mother's day and the person who checked us out told me that it was really nice that I took my mother to the range. The guy who said that was probably around 30 and should have known better than to say something like that.Overall, a very nice day at the range and I'd definitely go back there again.
2	I had to go here to qualify on the range for a job. Its easy enough to get to and in an OK part of town at the east entrance to the China Town Area. The Facility is nice enough & features an open glass veiw to shooters on the range from the gun sales part of the store. However, the deal killer for me was the attitude of the clerk. If you dont like your job QUIT!! If you dont like dealing with the public and have a decent attitude - Then DONT!!.....Maybe I caught this guy on a bad day, but after mentioning to others I got the same response from them as well wt people saying "Yeah, they do have a bad attitude there". The clerk even accussed me of taking/not returning a plastic numbered card he had given me & it turned out I had given it back to him & he had it the entire time. No "I'm sorry" or anything, just silence as he completed my paperwork. Whatever, its NOT my business BUT it was a major factor in me taking my business elsewhere when it was my money I was spending. At least if I get sent here again by an employer I know what I'm going to be dealing with. Thats the only reason I will go back.
5	Very friendly and helpful staff. Prices age very good. Close to the strip. It's a rather small place but a nice one. Not crowded at all when I went.. Prices seem good. Very good experience as a tourist and as a customer.  A good place to visit if you're in town and want to shoot some guns. Maybe a miss for you. But a hit for me.They share a a parking lot with other businesses, parking won't be an issue.
4	THIS...is what I was looking for!I can to Vegas to let loose and go CRAZY with all my guns, and some of theirs. I went full auto, got to use high capacity mags, fire the MP-5, and an old WWII grease-gun! The business, is located in a cool Chinatown area, everyone was very professional, they knew their stuff, and even gave me a professional discount on ammo, and range time. They offer CCW classes (very useful) if I end up doing a job in LV. American shooters features a wide range of not just firearms, but accessories, tools, cleaning equipment. I was made to feel very much at home, as they showed me around their facility. They have both a rifle/ shotgun range, and a separate high powered rifle room. Coming here was a dream, and I look forward to coming back, as well as competing in some shooting matches!
5	After reading a few reviews and people trying to decide whether they like coming here, I decided to write one. First off let's start out by saying, American Shooters is a great place to Shoot, Secondly imagine how many idiots are out there with guns and these guys get tired of dealing with them, If you want a great place to shoot this is the place, Jerry or Josh are great guys, they treat you like one of their own, so I just wanted to stand up for American Shooters,, if you wanna act like an idiot stay home, if you wanna shoot in a safe place Go to Shooters !!
5	I went to American Shooters for the first time this week. I was greeted by a young female and I explained to her I wanted a revolver for myself for home and personal protection. She walked me right over to the display case, opened it up and started explaining the different Smith & Wesson revolvers she had in stock. She asked me if I wanted to shoot one and I told her yes. She walked me back to the range and handed me over to Jerry at the rental counter.Jerry was beyond helpful. He started me off with a .22, explained how to unload and load, even took me out to the range, positioned my hands correctly, showed me how to stand and made sure I was comfortable before he left me.My husband wanted to try a semi-automatic so he spoke with Darius at the same counter. Darius, also helpful and patient went out to the range also and showed how to load, unload and fire the Glock 9mm.The Glock made me uncomfortable so after I finished my box of .22 ammo, I returned to Jerry and explained I was more comfortable with the revolver. He then showed me a Ruger GP100 and let me try that one out.Through the guidance and help of these two men, I learned that a revolver is a better choice for me over a semi.At no time was I ever ignored, mistreated or taken advantage of. These men took plenty of time to answer all of my questions and even explained Ladies Day on Wednesdays to me.I will be back often and I will recommend American Shooters to anyone that asks me where a good range / retail shop is. Thank you Jerry and Darius, see you again next week.
5	Man, oh man do I love this place. I went there for the first time a couple weeks ago. The guy helping my party was super friendly - explained all the guns to us, recommended some that he thought we might be comfortable shooting with. It can get a little pricey, but I don't care. When I want to shoot a gun, price isn't really an issue. Wednesday is ladies day, so there is no range fee ($15), so you can save yourself a little money. All in all, a great place. Friendly people. Lots of guns to choose from. A lot of lanes to shoot in, as well as a lot of different targets to shoot at, including a zombie one, for those of you who are so inclined to think that the zombie apocalypse is near.
5	For my bachelor party in Vegas I desperately wanted to shoot some big guns while we were in town.  After a lot of back and forth, I decided to go with American Shooters and I couldn't have been any happier with that decision.  They have a great selection of rental guns, a helpful and informative staff, a well-maintained facility as well as outstanding rental gun and ammunition prices.  They always have a range supervisor who is always cleaning the lanes, ready to help when needed but is otherwise unobtrusive and let's you do your thing, unless of course you are being irresponsible.  We had so much fun we actually went back a second time before we flew back home.  If you are on the fence with where to go to shoot some guns while in Vegas, forget about the other more cheesy looking places with ads splashed all over taxi cabs and the airports. Go with American Shooters, you will not regret it.  Also, a special thank you to Nepha for making my bachelor party awesome!
5	I'm used to gun stores that are ghetto as hell - but American Shooters on Arville provide the consumer a clean, friendly, and well-inventoried show-floor. I've purchased several firearms from this location and have always received prompt and knowledgeable service. The prices are usually higher than most local retailers - but the selection of firearms and accessories are hard to beat. I have no issues paying more for the service and the well-kept environment.They provide LE discounts that extend to the EMT/Security fields as well, so good stuff there. I work part-time for an armed security company, and it's awesome to have a one stop shop location for uniforms (with tailoring services), firearms (with associated discounts), and accessories under one roof. It's a life saver when you need to get stuff together at the last minute for a trade-show or on-call job.They have a couple of ranges open for the general public - usual tourist trap on the weekends. Decent pricing and selection for those looking to try their hand at that full-auto SMG. Classes range from the usual CCW courses to the more interesting Zombie Eradication Response Team stuff. Braaaiiins!
5	This place is such a great place to come to shoot... a lil bit on the expensive side, but i think thats because they cater mostly to military and police who get a 10-20% discount anyways. Customer service 9/10 times is awesome. you can walk in ask to check out any kind of firearm they have and be told any kind of info you want to know about that weapon your holding.  The range is clean, awesome people, great fun. I use to go to their shooting competitions on tuesdays at like 7 or 8pm. cant remember, its been a while, but those were very fun, and very affordable. I would reccommend this place to anyone at any level of training.
5	I've visited this store about four times and have had four very positive experiences. The first time I went I was completely unsure of what type of gun I wanted to buy. The staff was super friendly, especially the guy at the shooting range. He let me rent several guns and didn't charge me for the rental of every single one. I decided the Glock shot the smoothest but didn't buy it that day. I came back a month later and a girl there was super friendly and answered all my questions. She was so sweet and not at all like the macho type of guys you find at other gun stores that act all tough. This day however I didn't buy a gun either. On my third stop I finally purchased a Glock . Once again the guy helping me was friendly and answered all my questions without any pressure. I bought the gun and today went to pick it up. The manager helped me and answered a bunch of questions I had about rifles. What I liked the most is that he wasn't just selling the most expensive one but genuinely giving me great advice. I'll definitely be back to buy a rifle once I save up some more money.  In a nutshell I'm so happy with this place. I just hope I dont get flagged for writing such a positive review.
4	Good selection and nice range!
5	I'm a local and had a group of girls coming in for a bachelorette party.  The girls were from out of the country and no one had shot a gun before so I was a bit nervous.  I figured they would just hand us everything, do a quick "how to" and send us in for shooting.  American Shooters went above and beyond to make every girl feel comfortable before and during shooting.  We were walked through each step and someone was with us the whole time to help load and give us tips on how to aim the gun.  It was a great experience and I will be going back on my own.  I've found a new hobby!
5	This is my go to range when I want to shoot indoors (i.e.: when it's hot out). The range is one of the nicest I've seen in Vegas and it's not as overcrowded with tourists as some of the other ranges close to the strip. Shooting lanes are clean and range masters come around quite often to clear brass away from the lanes. Law Enforcement/Military also receive discounts on range fees and in the pro shop. Employees are helpful and knowledgeable and they have a wide selection of firearms and accessories on hand. Pricing is typically on par or sometimes lower than other ranges.
1	Well I usually buy my guns off the Internet and ship them to discount fire arms and they are cool to work with there but I heard a lot about this place having good prices. So I decide to go and purchase a gun from them and I got a XDM compact 3.8. Well I was dumb enough not to break it down and inspect it and just got it and walked. Well after going home and looking at it there was multiple things wrong with the pistol on the slide. So I took it back the next day expecting a repair for free no issues. Well they said no thats normal wear and tear on the gun and it's fine. (just got the gun yesterday). And that if any issues were to happen just let them know and they will ship it back to the manufacture. Well I contacted Springfield my self and the repaired it no issues thank you Springfield and screw you American shooters
5	I have been to every gun store/ range in town... All of the other stores (with the exception of lock n load) have terrible customer service.  Some commando's that think people that aren't extremely knowledgeable about guns are lesser of a human being.  I was helped by a girl Nippha who showed me a bunch of guns (I am looking for a handgun for CCW and also an AR-15 for fun) and gave me some great advice.  So then she told me that the exact gun that I want to purchase is available to try on the range.  The guy RJ showed me a few other guns to try, and I even got to shoot a sniper rifle and some fully automatic guns.  I shot the M60 from Call of duty and had my world rocked.  Long story short... the only place I will purchase or shoot guns!  Thanks for the help American Shooters and thank you Nippha and RJ! can't wait to pick up my first gun
5	Like everyone else, i'm so happy that there is a shooting range with a clean and safe facility. Of the dozen shooting ranges i've been to across the US, this is by-far the best one i've been to.The fact that they haven't jacked up their prices to match the quality of their range, only shows how great their service is.
3	Decent if you get LE pricing. Insanely overpriced if you don't.
5	After going to The Gun Store and not getting any service from them, I was annoyed and decided to head over to American Shooters. What a change! The people here were way nicer and much more helpful. I already knew the gun I wanted, so it was a quick, easy sell. After purchasing my gun, I was given a free voucher to their shooting range next door. I gladly accepted and used it right away. The staff here is very knowledgable. I have been here before and will continue to come back!
4	First time shooting at this shooting range!Shooting here was cheap and very safe. I loved the fact that I could just pick and choose whatever guns I want to try out. Big parking lot in the back was good too.The only reasons why this place is missing one star are:1. Safety staff in the shooting range should smile a bit. She looked very angry. 2. There should be labels of names of the guns hanging on the wall. I do not know the name of the gun I want to try when I am asked which gun I want.
4	The folks at American Shooters Supply are courteous, helpful and most important, they do not subscribe to the usual gun shop ethos that you must either beg them to sell your what you're looking for or wrestle them for it. I'm familiar with other gun stores that seem to have as their mission statement that they're doing the customer the greatest favor and bestowing the highest honor by waiting on him. Not these guys. For one thing, there are enough employees on duty that you don't have to wait very long to speak with someone. They also do not engage in that other usual tactic of gun salesmen; showing you how much more they know and how woefully ingnorant you are.
4	Good, well-lit range, excellent selection of guns, ammunition, and accessories, and they let me bring my kids to let them practice shooting, too. Awesomesauce.
5	American Shooters is a great place to purchase a firearm or shoot at the range. Very helpful and friendly staff. Made me feel very comfortable and confident in selecting a firearm. The range is very nice and clean, you can even shoot your own ammo.
5	Outstanding facility. Clean, organized, and plenty of help from the desk or on the range whenever you need it. Came once with my family of 7, ranging from 18 to 85, and they were extremely accommodating, walking us through all of the safety protocols and the operation of each gun we rented. The rates for rental and ammo are very reasonable, and there's no time limit once you book a lane. Between all of our first time shooters, we were probably shooting a round every minute or so, and at no point did we feel rushed to clear out or anything. The range officer even came by every so often to give us advice. I even came back the next day by myself, and Joey was super helpful in recommending guns to rent and explaining the differences between each. Will definitely be coming back whenever I'm in town. Avoid the touristy ranges with unfriendly staff and outrageous markups, come here instead. They have an equally huge selection, and the service is impeccable. Thanks Joey!
4	2nd AMENDMENT BABY!!! Remember your right to bear arms!!! With that said...Because of the mayhem, the walls of their store was bare. Hardly any firearms were available for sale. The friendly staff did mention that their stock would slowly come back to life. Only time will tell. Gas is going down, however firearms and ammo is going up. STOP THE MADNESS!!!We strolled into their gun range to test out my new sub compact. We also rented one of their pistols that we were interested in. Renting one of their pistols before purchasing is a great way to pick which firearm is right for you. $10 a pistol. Not a bad deal. Range ammo was very reasonable. $20 for a box of 50 rounds in .40 S&W. Not bad.  We purchased range time at $15 a person and some target silhouettes. I really like their range. One of my favorite ranges when I'm not shooting up the desert. Very simple. You can move your targets from 3 to I think 20 yards. I kept mine at 7ish. We saw two range masters working the range. Very friendly and not shadowing you. I loved hearing the fully autos popping off from a couple of stalls away.  A good crowd of law-abiding citizens shooting for fun and relieving stress. Our rounds eventually deplenish and our silhouettes are now looking like swiss cheese.  I'm very happy with my new sub compact. EYE LIKA!!! Not too sure about the rental. They do offer a Carrying a Concealed Weapons license (CCW) class.  Grant is the range master who instructs the class. Very knowledgeable with Nevada gun laws. Also American Shooters offer the Utah CCW license if you need to carry in our neighbor's hood.Great deals on renting pistols. Their fully autos is a different story.  CCW class is offered for knowledge in gun etiquette and safety.American Shooters...EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!
4	This is a fun place to go shooting!It is clean and safe, just wish they weren't so pricey.  Range fees are $15pp, except for Wednesdays where ladies are free!  They have fair prices on ammo and equip, and I think most handgun rentals are around $10 + ammo, last time I checked anyways.Great place to come during the winter, when it is too cold or the sun goes down too early.Check it out!
5	Very clean - nicely organized, well-managed, well-run and well-staffed store. Not full of cranky old men and gun snobs. They will answer your questions and welcome anyone to their range. Some of the other places in town are sleazy tourist traps where folks just go to shoot machine guns. This is a real gun shop with lots of accessories, a well-designed range and friendly people. Look no further.
4	I was staying at the Embassy Suites Hotel on Swenson in Las Vegas on business. One evening our group of 6 colleagues decided to go out to a gun shooting range. American Shooters is an indoor gun shooting range about 10 minutes from our hotel and the strip. The Embassy Suites arranged their complimentary shuttle to take us there and pick us up on the return, which was very nice and convenient.American Shooters offers a wide arrange of firearms including pistols and rifles as well as automatics. Some gun shooting ranges do not allow the use of automatic weapons and some ranges even limit the frequency of firing non-automatic guns. American Shooters is operated by a military veteran. We decided to rent their 45 caliber Bonnie and Clyde Thompson submachine gun and two 38 Specials including a Rhino revolver, which I really liked among the pistols. I also liked firing the Thompson submachine gun because it had a lot of history, was quite unique and created a lot of noise. When we were done our complimentary shuttle had arrived to return us back to the hotel.
4	Awesome gun range.  Huge selection of fully auto guns to shoot.  Store front also has a good selection of guns considering today's climate.  The facilities are AMAZING compared to places i've been in SF bay area.  Everything looks new and high tech.  I guess the ranges I usually goto are really old... and ghetto.  They have a private room that you can rent.  Which is what we did with my buddies.  Highly recommend.
5	American Shooters is, by far, the best indoor gun range in Las Vegas.Why? Glad you asked.Friendly, knowledgeable staff who help you to be safe without being overbearing or patronizing. If you need help, they're there. If you don't, they back off and let you do your own thing.A large selection of rental guns that are clean and in good condition, as rental guns go. These range from .22 pistols to belt-fed MGs. If you've never shot a submachine gun, I recommend it. It's a fantastic way to turn money into noise.A clean, well-maintained, well-lit range with STRONG VENTILATION. Oh boy. You don't know fun until you've hacked up a bunch of gray crap from shooting in a poorly ventilated range.Reasonable prices, not tourist-trap prices (I'm looking at you, The Gun Store). They have an ammo stockpile that they will only sell to people who are shooting there. In other words, they have ammo in stock, even during Panic Buying Season like we're in right now. A 50 round box of 9mm runs $15 at the time I write this. Most other places, if you can even find 9mm, are charging much more. American Shooters doesn't gouge. Heck, even their guns for sale over in the store are comparable to internet pricing, and that's saying a lot.No political garbage. No casual racism. No "gun people." You know exactly who I'm talking about, too. Don't pretend you haven't met That Guy at least once, probably at some other, lesser establishment.This is also maybe the only gun range on earth where someone didn't talk down to my wife while I was standing there watching. Big ups for that.
5	I recently bought my first gun, & wanted to get some practice in. I took my brother & sister along with me. The staff was GREAT! Mainly Darius who gave both me & my younger sister pointers on how to shoot! I will definitely be returning to get in some more practice. I also plan on taking a CCW class soon as well. I appreciate a place that won't act like women are too prissy to shoot a gun! Kudos to u American Shooter, I'll be a customer for life!
5	Very good range facility. Excellent selection of guns and rifles to choose from. It's a great way to try a few guns that you might be shopping for. The staff is knowledgeable, although not always super friendly. The range officers do a good job supervising safety of the shooters, as well as sweeping the brass off the floors when needed. Ammo prices are fairly reasonable and not a total rip off. Other than early afternoon peak periods on Saturdays and Sundays when all the tourists come in, they usually do not have a very long waiting time.
5	Amazing facility, very clean.  Staff is amazingly helpful both in the retail store and on the range.  I've never had a problem getting a lane to shoot on, no matter what time of day I go.  I pass at least three or four other ranges on my way to American Shooters.
2	If you are a tourist and you don't usually shoot, this seems a very good place.  he behind the counter staff seemed very patient and helpful to know nothings.  If, on the other hand, you are an experienced shooter, there are some problems.  The physical range itself is above average and well maintained.  But the range officers suck. Way way too much attitude and seem the polar opposites of the counter staff. I understand they need to keep a close eye on all the noobs but they are just not user friendly.  They are awful quick with the brooms scooping up 9mm brass as if it were 100 dollar chips. I was shooting some pretty expensive handloaded 38 Supers (and I clearly marked the cases) and a beligerant RSO with a tattooed shaved head (!) stopped me from retrieving my own brass that was directly behind me (about 3 feet).  When I told him that I was only picking up my own brass and I showed him the Sharpie markings it made no difference.  "This is a lost brass range," he said. He means lost customer.  If u want a MUCH better experience drive a few mins out of town to the Clark Counting Shooting Complex where the staff treats you like you are king.
1	I used to shoot at this place all of the time until I had a poor experience there and felt I was treated unfairly. Let me start off by saying this, I have a strong military and law enforcement background and I had recently returned from a deployment in afghanistan when this incident occured. I was on the rifle range zeroing my rifle with a new optic I had purchased. I confirmed my iron sights were at zero, then mounted my optic. I BZ'd the optic to my iron sights, flipped down the rear sight and squeezed off three rounds. I attempted to bring back the target with no success. A range safety guy eventually showed up and told me that one of my rounds hit the cable holding the target. The range guy then said to see him at the checkout counter when I was done. He didn't offer me another lane or anything. So, I packed up my gear, go to the counter and the range guys says that it costs $150.00 to fix the broken cable. So I'm thinking, and I ask him "are you serious"? Unfortunately, he was serious. So I paid the $150.00 to "fix the cable" and never returned again. The reason I felt I was treated unfairly was an incident that occured at their rifle range prior to my deployment. I was all set up getting ready to shoot when the guys two lanes down to my right started shooting an SKS/AK type of rifle at a fast rate of fire. Next thing I know, their weapon goes full auto. I saw rounds hitting the gound from their lane then the rounds started making their way into my lane, then the rounds hit the ceiling downrange and the shooter ended up on his a$$ laughing. During the incident, I noticed the cable holding their target snap and fall to the ground. I looked over to the range safety officer, and he gives me the palms up shoulder shrug. Kinda of like the "oh well, it happens" gesture. They were never taken off of the lane, and when they left, I did not see them get charged. Does that sound right? Maybe it was because I was not of the same ethnic origin of the those guys, if you know what I mean. Who knows, but all I can say is I will not go there again after my experience and I encourage others to not go there. After my incident where I was forced to pay the $150.00 I email John Velasquez and explain to him both of the situations I experienced and I left him a voicemail message. I have yet to hear from him and it's been about a year from the incident. Who knows, but all I can say is I will not go there again after my experience and I encourage others to not go there. DISLIKED - The way my situation was handled (inconsistent with another situation). After leaving a professional emailed and voicemail message I did not receive a follow up call/email. It seemed like they just wanted my money and did not care about how the situation was handled at all.
5	I really like this store, despite the heavy catering to the Strip visitors.  A nice assortment of guns, ammo assortment is  improving, lots of gear to select, including LE gear.  Always received great service, friendly, they introduce themselves, shake your hand.  Quite welcoming except when they are slammed...the hazard of shopping near the Strip.  The Strip aside, it is worth the trip if looking for guns or gear, an enthusiast will usually find something or things of interest, at reasonable and fair prices.The gun range is huge, but I have avoided it .... For me somebody shooting a machine gun indoors is distracting for my practice time...unless I am shooting the machine gun, of course.  Might go there to shoot a machine gun, been about two years.  Pardon me if I am a bit distracting for your own experience.....Nice place, part of my regular circuit. check it out.
5	60 rounds through an MK-46.  All I can say is... I hope it was as good for it as it was for me.
4	This visit focused on work gear and apparel only.  They have a nice inventory of Under Armour apparel and shoes. It's also priced less than other uniform and sporting good shops around the valley. Ten to twenty dollars less! Plus if your law enforcement agency contracts with them, they will give you an additional 15% discount.  Sales staff is always knowledgeable,friendly and helpful.  They did have a good inventory on guns this time around  and found some priced up to $50 below some of the places we go to. But like I said I kept Mr. B's focus on just shopping for work gear this time since he has enough toys already.
5	Here in Vegas for 1 year wedding anniversary. I put shootin' on the list of things to do while here. I found American Shooters on Yelp, and glad we came here.  Staff was very helpful and friendly to us first time customers. We bought package 1 for $165 pp which included 2 different machine guns for each person, a UMP45, M5, and I cant remember the other 2 we fired. 2 clips with 20 rounds for each gun, 4 targets, ear and eye protection and a t-shirt after our time on the range. Instructor was cool relaxed and I guess we did pretty good because we didn't get yelled at. We had a lot of fun. Definitely be back. I regret not remembering the instructors name, a female brunette. My wife complimented her on her nails. She was very helpful. We will definitely be back, hell, maybe tommorow.
4	While a bunch of us were in Vegas we wanted to go shooting (I've never been) and Joe L found this place on Yelp. It's way off the beaten path, which turned out to be a good thing. It was more of a real local experience: clean, professional, no-nonsense,  reasonably priced, and no long lines! Since it was my first time out I just decided to shoot some handguns; first a a 9mm and then a .38 special. The counter person took me through the safety basics and pointed me to my lane. Thank goodness I was with friends with some experience, though, it was unnerving handling guns! And the first time I pulled the trigger I had no idea where the bullet went--the kickback and speed of the bullet was a total surprise to me. After a few rounds though I became more comfortable and got pretty good with my aim. A person would come by and sweep up the spent shells periodically and if you had any questions there was help readily available. It was an eye-opening experience; I left with much more respect and fear for guns, and I'm pretty sure I never need to shoot one again. If you're looking for substance over style in your shooting experience, this is your place.
5	First time at a shooting range and it was a lot of fun. 60 bucks for two on one lane, one pack of bullets, a hand gun, and two posters. It was a thrill, especially when it's your first time and someone next to you is shooting with a rifle.
3	Me and my friend went here to shoot our guns here this morning. The staffs are friendly. I wanted to shoot my mosin here but I couldn't because my mosin Uses a steel case ammo so I ended up shooting my Beretta instead. I wish their price was the same as the "Clark County shooting Range"though. Clark County Shooting Range charge $9. American Shooters charge $15. The only time I'll come here if its windy & rainy outside to shoot, other then that I'll stick with "Clark County Shooting Range". Don't get me wrong this place is very nice and a clean Facility.
4	Clean and professional is the best way I can explain this place. They take u through a safety talk and then let u go to your lane. We didnt get rushed or pushed into buying more and they were very helpful if any one had questions.
5	Another trip to Vegas, another trip to American Shooters.  This time, since I'm a Breaking Bad fan, [SPOILER ALERT!!!!] I decided to rent an M-60 (aka the Junk in Heisenberg's trunk) just to see if it would really do the job.  I definitely think it would.  I also rented a Krink AK-47, which was also fun but so far I'd have to say my favorite gun I've ever rented there is the MK-46 (they also call it a SAW 249), which I had rented the previous time (I pretty much only rent guns I can't shoot in California). The people who work there are VERY, VERY good about making the whole shooting experience a great and memorable one.  They are patient about explaining how to shoot the guns, setting the guns up, waiting while you take tons of pictures with the guns, etc.  Machine gun rentals are not cheap, but so much more fun than throwing money away at a casino.  Both times I've gone have been on Wednesdays.  It hasn't been at all crowded and best of all, no range fees for ladies!
3	Three stars despite all the other good reviews, an older guy who signed me up was not friendly at all. This was my first time shooting a handgun and being at a range and I let him know that, I was expecting some encouragement and reassurance but it was plain absent. He rattled off directions in under three minutes and I asked him if someone would assist me at the lane, he said yes and went away, when he came back he looked at me incredulously like what are you waiting for (I had never loaded rounds into a clip before and the last ones were very hard till I got a rhythm working in the third clip). Earlier, I asked him if the gun was in perfect shape, to which he replied 'its a machine' (read rental machine) and right enough it seemed to have issues when he was clicking blankly and then he gave a a different gun. Nonetheless, I winged it and it was an awesome experience, especially the crisp pops, what you hear in the movies is not even close. A guy next to me was shooting something that I thought was a high powered rifle and it was deafening even with the ear muffs on, at one point after a lull, the neighbor's shot just startled me. It is quite a sobering experience and a solemn realization of what this piece of equipment can do (at that even a 9mm).Another minor downside was the protective eye glasses steamed up after a while making it hard to see if you were hitting the target at all.
5	American Shooters is an excellent indoor gun range for new and experienced shooters alike.A little about my background before my long review; I am a nobody.  I am not x-marines or have an uncle's cousin's nephew's roommate that was in Special Forces.  I am just your average US civilian gun enthusiast.  I've been shooting for a little over 10 years at the not so gun happy state of California.The range and store itself was very clean, tidy, and well organized.  The store has a very unique way of displaying their firearms.  You can see it for yourself on the yelp pictures.  A range officer will consistently brush off shells from the gun range floor for you.  They have 25 and 50 yard lanes available (50 yards is new for me for an indoor range).  The gun range has a wide selection of firearms for rental from handguns, shotguns, and rifles.  However, make sure you do not leave without trying out one of their fully automatic sub-machine guns, assault rifles, or light machine guns.  Additionally, most of their long guns are customized with Eotechs, red dots, fore-grips, and scopes.And now for why this range receives 5 stars; their customer service.  We had contacted the range manager previously to make a reservation for 7 shooters.  The manager returned my emails in a timely manner and answered all of my numerous questions on multiple emails.  My group came in on a Saturday afternoon so it was somewhat crowded.  Their store and range facilities had an impressive number of staff available.  We were greeted and helped right away when we walked in.  Range officer # 1 helped us get setup and made great suggestions for our selections of firearms to try out.  He was very patient with our indecisive group.  Range officer # 2 helped brief us on safety rules and assisted with running our guns.  He was very knowledgeable, friendly, and open minded (a big plus for me).  He didn't have the "Oh!  I was a marine for so and so years so you should listen to me" or  "It's my way or the high way" attitude, despite the fact that he did come from a military background.  My group felt very safe with him around and he was perfect for our new shooters.  We only paid for a 1 hour of shooting session, but since our group bought so much ammo to shoot with, the staff was understanding and nice enough to let us take our time and finish shooting all of our ammo without charging us for the extra time we racked up.  They could have easily told us to pay for the extra time we stayed, but they didn't.  The whole time we were there, it felt like they were there to make sure we had fun first before they made sure they made money.So there you have it.  American Shooters easily earns 5 stars from me.  I would definitely go there again and highly recommend anyone to pay them a visit.  Check them out and have a blast!
3	This place is great on selection and options. If you're military or law enforcement, they have great prices for purchasing firearms. The staff is extremely friendly and ready to serve. They thoroughly answer questions and helped with every request. For an indoor range, this place is really good. (I'd prefer to shoot at an outdoor range). It was clean, everything in working order, and plenty of space at each station. The range fee was "normal" for shooting ranges. So why three stars? Because they are communistic when it comes to gun rentals. I've shot at some nice places that rent guns in 3 or 4 different states. All of them require you to purchase their ammunition when renting a gun. That is fine. Your gun, your ammo, and your rules = makes cents ;)But the good ones, knowing you have to buy their ammo, will let you trade guns in and out without charging you $10 more per gun. YES that's right. There are great gun ranges out there with flexibility and will let you rent a gun and exchange the gun. After all, you have to buy the ammo . . . which of course is marked up about $5 more than any retail store. My other complaint with them is they will not order a gun for you when you want to purchase it if it isn't in stock. Finally, I'm not sure I can trust a gun salesman who has not seen this video, I'm mad now: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xIpLd0WQKCYEnjoy it!
5	Hands down one of the best ranges in Las Vegas, highly recommended.
4	Shot a handgun for the first time on Christmas Eve at American Shooters.  The staff was excellent.  They are very safety conscious, which I liked.  They answered all my questions and were ready to help during my time there.  I'll definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas!
5	Have been coming here for several years as a local. Well ran and operated. Keith was also one of the most helpful, knowledgeable, and enthusiastic staff members I've come across yet.
4	Years ago, another time - a former life, American Shooters is where I practiced, qualified and bought most of my work gear. I competed in different shoots and I even brought a date or two here to experience shooting a firearm. Skip to today - a different life, no more badge nor reason to carry - I found myself at American Shooters, not for reasons of nostalgia, but because I needed some parts and it's still one place I know I can go and find exactly what I need.. The firing range allowed me to test the new parts and I didn't even have to worry about gear, because you can rent anything and everything you need right on the spot. Though it's different faces, the staff is very helpful, not condescending like I've experienced at other shops. Years ago, it was the place to go. Looks like some things never change.
3	Came here for the first time with a co-worker who is a regular at this place. He convinced me this was far better than the Gun Store, and he was correct.Considering it was a Saturday at 2 pm, we did not have to wait for a lane. We brought our own firearms, so we did not utilize their rentals, but from what I could tell, they had a great selection. The lobby is beautiful, spacious, and very clean. The staff up front was friendly and knowledgeable. I really appreciate that they had the shotgun range separate. If you aren't shooting a shotgun, it can be quite annoying to be in a lane next to someone who is. I did have a problem with one of my own firearms. The manager was very very friendly and quick to help and remedy the situation, and had everything fixed in a jiffy, so we could continue practicing. All around, I really appreciated the professionalism and attentiveness of the staff. Giving this place 3 stars because they are more expensive than some of the other gun stores. For example, the firearm I wanted to purchase was "on sale" for three days. They claimed this was an amazing deal. However, I went to two other gun stores that had this firearm for that price all the time.
5	Keith at the range was great. The store has something for everyone... Like their advertisements say, thousands of feet of store space. If you like full auto rifles, they have a good selection too. They have a range at 25 yards and another at 50 yards.
5	Best indoor shooting range in LV. They got hundreds firearms for pickups. Well custom service and fine shooting environments also!
4	I have purchase my firearms here, taken the CCW training and frequented the shooting range  Employees and other shooters are always helpful and friendly.  Today I was looking at a .357 revolver and as it turns out another shooter had it so I purchased the bullets and gave it a try.  Thankfully I did because I like a 6" barrel better than 3" and the flash was more than I expected.Still went through hundreds of rounds with my faithful companion Glock.
4	Wonderful range and store with some really standout staff members. Jeremy, you're a superstar, even though you let my boyfriend keep buying things! Prices are fair and the staff (like Jeremy) are very knowledgeable, from the products they are selling down to the process to transfer the registration of a firearm, other businesses in town that can help with upgrades or service, and more. Plus, the prices on their used firearms are UNBEATABLE. If you're looking for a smoking deal on a used firearm, you need to come by frequently and check out the store.The store changed its hours recently and is now open seven days per week - a very appreciated change by customers even if it's not really appreciated by staff! However, parking in this lot SUCKS on weekends - it sometimes gets so full, you have to go park over at Macy's and cross the street. Plus, their storefront spaces are painted backwards and are a pain in the ass to park in.One thing - guns are an expensive habit to pick up. Friends of mine have dropped a LOT of cash in this place on firearms, ammo, accessories and more - and yet, no incentive to keep coming back outside of the friendly smile who's calling in your background check. The management desperately needs to come up with some sort of loyalty program or punch card here, because after you spend so much money here, you don't want to be losing us to Bass Pro Shops just because they have the Outdoor Rewards card! Just food for thought...A few notes on the range - it's always clean, the separate rifle range and pistol range is great because it helps separate the noise into the loud room for rifles and the less loud room for pistols. Sometimes it gets a little shell-crazy in there; for the most part the guys are great about coming in and sweeping up, but sometimes you just have to grab the broom yourself. Getting a range card is well worth it if you shoot frequently!
4	American Shooters has come a long way since the last time I shot here way back 7 years ago.  The retail store up front is very nice and has grown considerably.  They have a lot of different merchandise from handgun cases, to rifle cases to clothing and accessories.  A nice thing about the store is how spread out all the gear is.  It is not all packed in a tiny place like some other ranges I have been too.  The firearm display cases are akin to museum displays.  It is a beautiful site to behold.  All the different handguns on one wall, old fashinoned looking rifles and shotguns on another and some very large and pricey rifles on a third are really something.  They have a .50 caliber Barret for I think it was $12K.  Amazing to see but a bit out of my price range at this time.  The staff is great in the retail store.  At least three reps made themselves available and were willing to talk about their merchandise as well as hear stories of ones own collection.The range is nice too.  They make the rules clear to you before entering down to the sequence of opening the two doors leading into the live firing range.  The staff in the range section is not the friendiest bunch.  I get the impression they are in there for nothing more than business.  They may not be a chatty group but they are professional.I like American Shooters.  I always have.  What gets me is the $15 range fee.  For how quickly I am in an out of a range it is too much.  The prices for firearm rentals seem solid though.  Probably one of the more affordable rentals I've come across.
4	They had the ak we were looking for the paperwork processes not as up to date as other places but they had good customer service I haven't taken advantage of their range so I cant comment on that
4	Four stars for the nice patrons that helped us, minus one star for the unhelpful worker!Something I've always wanted to try was a shooting range. When we walked it, we felt pretty lost. The person at the counter did a quick run through of how to work the gun, load it, shoot it, etc. However, there was just so much to remember, I'm not going to lie I may have spaced a little. We walked in, and my friend decided that I should go first. Well, the person next to us, had a HUGE gun that made such a loud noise that my friend and I thought I shot the gun, but it was really just the guy next to us. It literally made my heart jump and I got scared to shoot the gun. Anyways, the gun kept getting stuck and we couldn't even shoot it. We looked like chickens running around with our heads cut off. Some nice guys walking by saw our desperation and helped us out! I'm so glad they did! They walked us through everything and we finally got started.Halfway through, our gun got jammed and we couldn't fix it. Some other nice guy saw us struggling through the window and came in the range to help us! The people who come here are the nicest! We did ask one staff member to help us near the end. He came out, gave us some tips. He even felt our gun and oiled it up for our last couple of rounds. He's the reason I decided to not give this place a 3! Now that I learned the basics, I think I'd be down to come here again for a little excitement and take a little break from food adventures!Another plus? If you want to make it a little more exciting you can get a zombie target!
4	Still my favorite range even if (like everyone else) they are low on 9mm.Now that I have a gun safe I'm shopping for a few new weapons so while I spent most of my time exploring a revolver still without making a decision, I think I'm going to go back and get educated on a shotgun simply because every A one admits it's the best for home defense even if longer and a bit unwieldy.  I'm dying to try skeet shooting and I think you use a shotgun for that. (honestly don't know but I'll find out) so what the heck.One of the best things about American Shooters is first time, seasoned pro and everything in between, they make you feel comfortable.
2	This is always my last resort gun shop.  I usually have 2-3 others that I go to first and if I can't find the gun or equipment I want then I'll go to AS. I'm not that excited about this place bc they are a little over priced and they LIE! So many times I've been on a "wait list" for a certain firearm, ammo, or magazines and they NEVER CALL. I needed magazines ASAP and after 8months I finally called them. When I asked them about it they tried to say that they called and no one answered. Do they think my Smartphone doesn't show someone called, or since their number is stored in my phone that I wouldn't know it was them?! This isn't the 90s. When suddenly the magazine's were in stock within a day after I called they were $10 MORE than competitors. I honestly think they have a wait list but hook up WHO THEY WANT first, whether friends or family. In the end AS never really comes through for me based on MY experience. I've never shot at their range so I couldn't tell you my experience with that. The only thing I like is their variety of items within the store. Its a tactical girls dream. Oh yeah.....parking sucks. I always make sure my insurance is on point before parking there. CRU-NCH.
4	Pretty fun range and a nice selection of retail firearms.  They get a lot of security & police officers buying job related gear here, so that helps reinforce to me that this place is the real deal.  I even saw Sheriff Gillespie shopping in here one day.I've bought a shotgun, a rifle, and two handguns from American Shooters.  Pricing is a bit on the high side, but it is a retail shop and their sales staff very knowledgeable, so I don't mind paying a premium to buy from someone knowledgeable enough to help me find the right gun for me.I always buy ammo off the internet so can't comment on their selection or pricing.  But they do have tons of gear like holsters and rail attached accessories.
5	I have used American Shooters for a gun range for a while now. The staff is friendly and they know their products. The store is well stocked but ammo availability is spotty like all stores lately. The range is clean and safe. I have my own gear but if you want, they can rent you everything you need plus give you safety classes. The classes are important if you are new to shooting or want to concealed carry. All in all, I make this my first stop when I look for gun related purchases.
3	The staff is usually friendly.  They will occasionally let you pick up your own brass if you reload but the safety officer makes it a point to sweep the brass out of reach.  It is either freezing cold or blazing hot on the range.  Mind your surroundings because there are some people that don't seem to understand firearm safety.  Their gun prices are outrageous but they have a giant selection.  Equipment and accessories are plentiful while being reasonably priced.  A decent place to shoot but a terrible place to find a new gun.
4	Front of the store:  Store selling guns, rifles, ammunition, gun parts, cases etcRear of store:  Gun range:  Fully autoIn Las Vegas there are many ranges that appeal toward the tourists. This range is less crowded then the other ones and have a nice selection of guns ranging from handguns, shotguns, semiautos, to fully autos... anything you like... you just pay for the daily range fee, plus per gun, and then buy the ammo... which I didn't ask if you can bring your own ammo which can cut costs in the long run.  But if you're there just to shoot a gun you will never own once this is the place to go.  Or even if youre interested in buying a gun, the staff working in the front portion of the store are very knowledgeable in all areas.
1	They called me SEVEN MONTHS LATER (June) to let me know my magazines and ammo was in stock. Unbelievable.
2	If you plan on coming here to shooting range there are cheaper places with better customer service! Not sure how the sales side is here but the people who work behind the counter renting the guns for the range are very rude. Here's a too don't go too late before the shooting range closes because they kick everybody out 10mins before and still will charge you full price to use the range even if you only have 10 mins to shoot! Most ranges I have been to will at least give you half price towards the last 30-45 min before they close! One night a friend and I wanted to shoot and arrived 45 min to closing they had a waiting list and were taking names and calling people in the order they came. Well about 10 mins before they close they say oh well we aren't letting anyone else in! Complete BS of that's the case you shouldn't sign anybody in after a certain period of time having the customer anticipate they will be able to shoot! I wouldn't spend another penny at this place! Ever! And to the girl who works behind that counter you need to check that attitude!
5	I came here with my brother some time back, and have been wanting to go again every time I get to Vegas. Where else can you rent a 50-cal sniper rifle and unload a few clips? I'm not aware of any in California, and I haven't been to any others in NV, so this is as good as it gets in my book. The staff were very knowledgeable and helpful. They offered us tips on rentals, and were more than willing to shoot the gip with us about firearms. Cool place!
5	I love this place. Me and my bro go here all the time for practice and for fun. It is pretty inexpensive too for being close by. $20 will get you a lane, eye&ear protection and 3 targets. However, buy your ammo ahead of time, haha! 7.62x39 $20 for 20 bullets, when you can get it at anywhere else for $5. But they are a range, what do you expect. The staff is the best part. Honestly a very helpful bunch of people. Everyone is there to assist you if you need help, in the range, and in the shop. I have had issues with my rifle and shotgun in the range and a rangemaster comes and helps me. He not only fixed our issues, he helped me realize how to prevent them. Another time I was in the shop and was wondering if I could fit a side saddle on my rock island m5, an older man in the shop was very helpful, looked up the shotgun and tried to find out if I could, I couldn't sadly, however I wanted to say he went the extra mile to find out and help me, that is good service. Overall, fantastic place. Just not the $1 per bullet ammo LOL.
5	This place is great, this is the closest indoor range to my house came here about a month a half ago to teach my girl how to shoot and try out my new .40, a bearded guy who worked there I wish I could remember his name and I were talking about sighting in the pistol and he came out to my lane to teach me how to shoot the gun better than I ever had before, he went through all the basics a few tactical tips and even hooked my girl up with a small 9mm rental so she could get used to pulling the trigger, great safe place highly recommended.
3	Excellent customer service and fairly large selection. Only issue is price. Markup is way to high.
5	My favorite place to shoot in Vegas! Friendly staff, wide selection of guns, and clean. Safety is their primary concern and they do a good job of making you feel comfortable.
4	Nice indoor range with fairly competitive range prices. At 15 dollars for range fee it's 5 dollars cheaper than most places around the strip. They offer discounts to locals and ladies on different days of the week. Targets are a dollar each and ammo is pricey. I'd bring in my own ammo or stop by walmart and grab targets and ammo before coming here. Also bring your own ear plugs and eye protection since buying your own will be cheaper in the long run than renting.  Although hearing and eye protection are only a dollar each.The range itself is clean and offers a pistol and rifle range. If you are debating on purchasing a firearm they also offer rentals so you may test it out before purchasing.  Rifle range goes to a max of 50 yards. Pistol range goes up to 25 yards. For tourists or those having an itchy trigger finger they offer shooting packages and opportunities to shoot machine guns. Definitely will have a good time here!However the store and gear they sell is pretty pricey. You'll be well off buying online and transferring to an ffl of your choice. They're transfer fees are pricey as well.Staff is very friendly and approachable. This place is definitely my favorite indoor range. They also have weekly deals for locals to get half off on Tuesdays and ladies shoot free on Wednesdays. Memberships are available, at $435 a year or maybe you'll get lucky and score a 1 year membership for $100 during one of their epic sales!!! 4 stars, great service
3	Great looking range but a bit over priced as most ranges in Vegas are. Their merchandise is really over priced!
4	Great CCW training.The instructor is very serious and dedicated not like other places where they just sign the papers off and you are own your way.
4	GREAT GREAT GREAT GREAT selection!!!!  Seriously killer gun selection!   They need more staff for gun sales for the size of the store but I highly recommend going into the store to handle and try all the guns before you make a purchase...even if it is somewhere else!!!
5	5 stars.  Good clean range.  Rental prices are on par with other vegas locations.  Everyone was friendly even when busy.  The new gun showroom is outstanding, best selection of guns I have seen in a long time.  Prices are basic retail, with some sale items, but they carry a lot of items you don't see other places.  Eric on the showroom floor is extremely knowledgeable, I have talked with him a few times.  He always helps the customer with what they want, he doesn't simply try and get you to buy a certain brand to make a sale.
