5	My new favorite Peruvian restaurant. I had the tallarines verdes with the bistek on the side (for my carnivorous husband) because I don't eat meat and they were more than accommodating and did not seem to judge me for doing that (which most places do). The tallarines verdes is the best I've had in Arizona and I will only go to El Chullo to have it. You know how you grab on to your bed sheets because the feeling is so glorious and out of this world? Yes, it's like that! I can't wait to try the other entrees, specifically, the vegetarian options. The alfajores is also delicious; flaky but held it's form and not overwhelmingly sweet - it definitely quieted my sweet tooth. The chicha morada is also quenching - not bitter and too sweet, just right - be sure to order the pitcher because you will drink it like water.It's a quaint place to eat. They have lunch specials/combo. The parking situation is a little challenging, but I would like to go there at least once a week to satisfy my Peruvian food cravings. I hope you check out this place because although it's easy to miss (because of location), you'll be sorry if you don't go.
5	Incredible flavors and great service. As an individual who spent a lot of years in Peru I can appreciate what has been the best Peruvian food I've had in Phoenix - at El Chullo! Highly recommend the anticuchos, lomo saltado, and an alfajor for dessert. I look forward to my next dining experience here! (Probably tomorrow!)
5	Can't believe they've only been open a couple days! The meal was fantastic from start to finish. Tried the anticuchos, carapulcra, and alfajores for dessert. Everything tasted fresh, well seasoned, and home made. Great portions too! Will be back for more soon!
5	5 WELL-DESERVED STARS!!!! El Chullo is a small and unassuming hidden gem so we ended up passing it and having to turn around, but it was so worth it! Honestly, we had reservations and a Living Social deal at another Peruvian restaurant but ditched that place to come here because of the great Yelp reviews and SO GLAD WE DID! This place has both the best Peruvian food and the friendliest service of any Peruvian restaurant there has been in the valley for at least the last 20 years. We've tried them all (including some out of state) and by far this place has the best alfajores we've ever had- luscious creamy dulce de leche sandwiched between delicate creamy colored disks of flaky, buttery, goodness- oh my!  I'm still dreaming about them. The lucuma ice cream and chicha morada are also must tries. The chicha morada was refreshingly smooth and light- almost like a fine wine. We also had the appetizer sampler, the tamal, the aji de gallina, the jalea mixta, and the bistek and tallarines verdes. Next time we'll order the papa rellena and/or the yucca on their own (the sampler sizes were pretty small) and skip the tamal. The warm welcoming friendliness of the family/staff made our experience such an exceptional one that we ended up ordering a lot more than we planned and enjoying ourselves immensely. We love supporting family-owned businesses and Esperanza and Chef Omar and his cute sisters are so nice they make you want to come back again and again- well for them and the Alfajores :). I only wish it wasn't 30 mins. away, but so good it's worth the drive.
5	Finally, a Peruvian restaurant we can actually go to in Phoenix!  The food was absolutely delicious.  The ceviche is outstanding and we'll be ordering that every time.  Everything we ordered was delicious and even my 1 year old enjoyed the food and she's a picky eater.  Our waitress was Maria and she was great and gave great recommendations.  We're definitely coming back.
5	Incredible service and authentic, fresh, flavorful Peruvian food. So happy this place is open! Amazing job so far. Love family spots!
5	The food and service here was excellent. The portion sizes were very large. Everything was extremely flavorful. Dessert was wonderful too. The prices were reasonable. I can't wait until the bar opens there. We will definitely be back.
5	Hidden gem. It has some minor work to do but it earned the five starts. Service was excellent, half the food from our big group came out fast, the other half not so fast, but it was still worth the wait. Appetizers were fast and held us through. Very authentic Peruvian food. I had the Chaufa, its Chinese/Peruvian food and excellent!I can't say enough about the Pisco Sour. The best I've ever had including in Peru!!! Well return for more. Cheat day restaurant for my family.
5	Excellent food and service. Large portions that were delicious. Staff was friendly and informative. Omar is the chef and he took time to explain the different dishes. This is my new favorite spot!
5	Best restaurant in Phoenix! The Food was amazing. it is run by a Peruvian family.  Our server so genuinely enjoyed his work.  The food was delicious and artistically plated.
4	Food was delicious!!!  Authentic!!!  Restaurant seems to be worked by the family that owns it. The sons who basically does everything except cook, is very personable and has great people skills. His mother is sweet but does not speak English. If you go when it is busy be prepared to wait. What they need to do is designate each one in the family a duty. Son waits tables, mother gets waters and canchitas, father clears and sets tables and helps with bringing out food. Anyways if you have time it is definitely worth the wait. We will go back for sure!!  Oh and the pisco sours are awesome!! Along with the anticuchos and aji de gallina. Yum
4	Really enjoyed our dinner here. We weren't sure what to expect, and as the cuisine was unfamiliar the help from our waiter was much appreciated! I really love when people take the time to explain the food their serving with knowledge and passion. The food was interesting and very tasty. Come here for a not too out there adventure and a departure from the regular burger and fries!
5	Just like mamma makes! Thank you, Omar! We loved the food and the amazing service! We'll be back!!! The Lomo Saltado was just like home!
5	I am so in love with this little place! I have lived in the Coronado neighborhood about 5 years and have seen many things go in and out of this location...i have a feeling El Chullo will be sticking around. Everything i've had so far has been AMAZING. The Chupe De Camarones soup and Tacu Tacu De Marisco were seriously out of this world. The service is also excellent. They are so genuinely friendly and make you feel right at home. Can't say enough good stuff about this little gem...and i am beyond picky with restaurants, especially in Phoenix. It is the best restaurant on 7th st. by far in my opinion.
4	I had the pleasure to go to El Chullo this morning for 'breakfast' (the quotes are because it was closer to lunch time and their breakfast foods are more like American lunch/dinner foods). This place is incredibly authentic. Our waiter (and possibly an owner?) is from a town just outside of Lima, so ya... pretty legit. The way their breakfast works is they have 3 choices that feed two people, each for 20$. The choices are chicharrones with a tamal, bread, and two coffees or a tenderloin sautee with bread and two coffees, or an egg dish with a tamal, bread and two coffees. We decided to get the tenderloin and add a tamal (cuz I wanted to try it). The tamal is large, delicious, and just like the ones I had when I was in Peru last summer... this is the real deal and very distinct from the typical Mexican tamale you may have elsewhere in Phoenix. The tamal has a little hard boiled egg (which obviously I ate and the husband didn't), some meat, some olives, and some hot peppers and served with an onion/citrus salad.... so good. I could just eat those tamals and be happy.  The tenderloin came in a sauce of sorts with onion and tomato and we ate it with the giant rolls given to us. The meat was soooo tender and flavorful. Their coffee was even good and we drank it black. The service is great. This place beats all of the other Peruvian restaurants that I have tried in town hands down and really took me back to when I was in Peru....like a little slice of vacation in my own neighborhood. I will certainly be back, I want to try dinner for sure and the chicharrones breakfast.... I think this place has serious 5 star potential, so we will see!
4	Stopped in for bunch on a Saturday. The place is small, but cozy. The menu is small, but offers quite a bit of variety.We decided to split a platter for two. It came with fried sweet potatoes, fried pork, and tamales. All were very good. The sweet potatoes on the bottom did get a bit salty. We also threw in a Peruvian version of torta. Unfortunately, I can't actually remember the name of it. All in all, the place was excellent. Great service and great food. Definitely a winning combination.N*joy...
3	We decided to live up to our hype of being open-minded and try something unique to Phoenix (i.e., not Mexican; not Vietnamese; not Chinese; etc.).  And that's how we ended up at El Chullo; though, to be fair, we almost DIDN'T end up at El Chullo's.  A previous reviewers comment about parking being limited is like saying Marlon Brando was slightly overweight towards the end.  Let's just say, the parking lot is shared with other businesses; the "lot" is about one car wide; and one has to do fancy gyrations to park and withdraw one's car IF one can get a spot.  After driving around three times, we parked in the printing shop's lot across the street (which, I'm sure, will thrill them to no end when/if they read this).  Go during the standard 9 to 5 business hours and you may find yourself outta luck or risking a tow.Alas, the parking spots are not the only thing small about El Chullo.  In fact, "small" pretty much describes it all:  the parking. the restaurant, the portions.  I was rather amused (bemused) by the comment from one of the reviewers that the portions are "very large".  Really?  VERY large?  Perhaps for someone who survived  internment at Sherrif Joe's Tent City or who usually dines on those diet programs' pre-packaged food (served in upscale concentration camps).  Granted, this is not to say that the portions were pretentiously small like a la carte francais food; they were perfectly acceptably sized for people, who eat like they're supposed to  (translation:  non-Americans).  We, however, are of the MOO crowd, so for us, all of dinner was something akin to "snack".  (Hey, I workout, get off my case!).We started out with the appetizer platter for $14.95 and chose the Chicken Causa Rell; the Papa Rellena; and the Papa ala Huancaina.  Presented very artistically, I would not say it was an appetizer for two AMERICANS.  Taste was quite good and unique, though the standout taste was potato (hardly a surprise since "papa" means 'potato').I had a very spicy cerviche mixto and my other half, the escabeche de pollo.  Both very good -- the latter served with rice and a small portion of cold, sweet potato -- but we weren't exactly unbuckling our belts at meal's end.  Again, like I said:  not small, but not big by the usual, middle-class American standards, where the men are men, eat like men, and doctors buy brand new cars every month with all the money they get from bypass and pacemaker surgeries.  Nuff said.The diet Inka Cola, colored like Mountain Dew but tasting like cream soda, is good, but $2.00 a can?  For both of us, the bill came to $46.41 without tip.  Not tragic, but a bit overboard for the quantity.  Maybe reasonable considering the uniqueness of the food.  The 20% tip for Omar, however, was well in line.  Attentive service without being overbearing and very accommodating.  That's one thing I really can't make any complaints about (and as you see, I have no issue complaining).While I agree with the other, previous 17 reviewers that this is a very nice restaurant, I am not wowed enough to give it 5 Stars.  Those who read my reviews know I'm not generous with my highest rating and you've got to earn it.  For those looking for something different, tasty and served with good attitude, this restaurant is just fine.  If you're a big eater, don't expect to come here and not want something more afterwards.  No one there looked unhappy and we weren't either ... just not full.
5	Great atmosphere.  Very well done, traditional style, anticuchos were legit.
5	Parking is a little hard, they have limited space in front but have a parking lot in the back via an alley. The place is very clean and quant, I loved the decor! The menu is very easy to understand with descriptive and have a variety  of options.  The server was very nice and answered all out questions, he told me they make the meals with a medium spice but can request it to be more spicy. I would def recommend this place it's very good!
5	I don't know where to begin, so let me say this - El Chullo's food is TO DIE FOR. A Peruvian friend had told us about the place two years ago, but somehow we got around to trying it only last night. It's a small, homey, family-run restaurant. The people running the place and running around the place are genuinely friendly, as if they've invited you to be a part of their home, food and lives. We waited near the bar for about five minutes while our table of six was getting ready. I ordered a pisco sour which was amazing. Then there was the food. You know how a server walks past you with a plate of food that turns heads? That was happening with every single plate of food that came out of El Chullo's kitchen. Everything looked so delicious that it was hard to make up our minds about what to order.I am a vegetarian, so I was pleased to see a vegetarian section on their menu. Our group ordered appetizer platters, fries, tacu tacu (vegetarian and seafood versions), ceviche, deep fried sea food platter, frijoles con seco a nortena, and the veggie version of peruvian-chinese fried rice.OH. MY. GOD.We worked on the installments of food for about two hours. Everyone shared, laughed and loved every single bit of it. Of course, I had to stick to vegetarian food but let me tell you, it wasn't a compromise at all. In fact, my meat-eating husband loved the veg tacu tacu and fried rice so much that we are still fighting about who gets to eat the leftovers.The portion size of the entrees was BIG (I'm not sure what dish the guy, who says portions were small, ordered). Appetizers were just that, appetizers, so that you can save space for the delicious food. The food was spicy without being hot, not that we would have minded that. Pricing was reasonable and at par with other similar dining places. Parking is available in the back.But wait! I forgot to tell you about dessert. Of course there's the delicious Leche Asada and Crema Volteada, but the husband ordered Alfajores, which is a layer of caramel between two cookies. I think we died and went to heaven because tasting that thing was an out of body experience.It has been a while since our friend circle has come together and bonded over some delicious food. It has also been a while since we discovered a new cuisine. I now count Peruvian food and El Chullo among my favorites cuisines and restaurants.
4	I loved this place! What a nice surprise. I feel like I should always try these tiny places with "foreign" food but I never really do because I'm afraid most would be misses rather than hits. This was a hit and has inspired to try more places like this! Our friends had heard good things about this place so we gave it a shot and I will keep going back!We ordered a few apps to share: Anticucho, Papa Rellena, and Yuca Frita. We loved them all! The Anticucho and Yuca Fritas were so good I will definitely order them every time I go!Then each of us order an entree. I got the Arroz con Mariscos, Jess got the Arroz con Pollo, my fiance the Ceviche and Josh the Lomo Saltado. To be honest I was pretty disappointed with my dish because it was more like a plate of rice with 4 pieces of seafood. However, Jess' Pollo tasted amazing, it had great seasoning. Mike's cveiche and Josh's Lomo were great too. We all left stuffed and happy!We will definitely be going back. Love the vibe of a family restaurant. We also recommend the Pisco Sours!It is a tiny place so if it's full you may have to wait. It'll be worth it!
5	We loved the food at El Chullo always looking for food that reminds us of our child hood Peruvian favorite foods . The Lomp Saltado was amazing, Thank you We'll be back soonJoni Navarro
5	We ended up in this restaurant with a search in yelp. This is a great place overall: customer service, cleanliness, nice environment.The food is fresh and the portions are huge! My mom and I will be sharing next time; had a lot of left overs.I really want to go back to have some pisco sour :)Parking is hard as the store is facing 7th st and there are only 5 to 6 spots in the front; so park in the back and come in. Main cross roads are 7th st and McDowell. Head north on 7th street and it will be in the corner of Virginia - NE corner.
5	This restaurant need not spend any money on advertisement. The food speaks for itself..loud and clear. I am not familiar with Peruvian food but if this is as close to authentic as it gets, I am a fan. Me and friends tried the Tacu tacu ( how can something that sounds so cute not taste good) and the fried rice. The food is well seasoned and flavorful. The service is very good and the portions are very generous. For desert we had the  Leche asada and alfajores. I did not think i could like caramel before i had the alfajores. For drinks, try the pisco mango. This place deserves a first visit and then a repeat visit with those who havent been here ( thats how i was initiated!) .
5	My cousin and I had just finished up a tour of the Heard museum and was starving. So we browsed yelp and found this little gem. There is limited parking in the front, so we drove around the back where an ally way led to the restaurant's back parking lot, it was a tight squeeze to get to the parking lot so if your in an SUV or full size truck it's going to be tricky. We went in and sat down and was greeted by the chief who was very accommodating and upbeat. The restaurant is clean an cozy the way a ma and pop place should feel. We ordered an appetizer of fried yucca that came with two sauces that were amazing! For drinks we ordered Chicha morada a Peruvian drink made with corn and spices, it was one of the best drinks I have ever had. In fact we had four glasses of the stuff, unfortunately there were no refills for Chicha but the chef gave us our last glass free! Regardless it's worth it. For our entree we both got the ceviche. OMG, I kid you not it was the best ceviche I have ever had. The ceviche was bass seasoned with red onions lime and Peruvian chilis. There was a side of inca corn and sweet potatoes, the potatoes added a refreshing sweet to the tangy ceviche. My cousin who lived in Mexico for two years said he ate ceviche regularly and said that Peruvian ceviche was the best you could get.  Please give this place a try you won't regret it!!
5	I love this place, my favorite cuisine first of all is peruvian, and I am so happy to say that El Chullo has become my favorite peruvian restaurant (thus far in my culinary journey). The ceviche here is perfectly spiced, the texture of the fish is great, and the sweet potatoes and the canchas (salted corn nuts) offset the spiciness, wow just typing this review makes my mouth water. I literally cannot wait to go back for more! The entree size of the ceviche isn't enough if you are starved, but its a perfect portion for someone who isn't too hungry. My boyfriend and I ordered one ceviche each and then we also ordered a lomo saltado to share. The lomo El Chulo serves is great, delicious thin fries, with nicely seasoned juicy pieces of steak topped off with onions, red onions and tomatoes. Order this if you are a steak and potatoes type of person. For dessert we shared an alfajor, 2 fine light cookies with dulce de leche stuffed between the two, finished off with a slight dusting of powdered sugar and chocolate on the side. To be perfectly honest I was so full already from eating a ceviche and sharing a lomo saltado that I felt that I didn't have any room for dessert, but when the cookie came I HAD to have a taste, so I ate a bite and we ended up packing that bad boy up to go. All in all this place was great, people might think its expensive, but its 100% worth it to me. The flavours I get from peruvian cuisine is so unique and unmatched that I am more than happy to pay for it. Oh and did I mention our server Manny, *unsure if this is the right spelling* but man he was the best!!! He made us feel right at home, and even told us a little bit of himself and Peru as we were eating our dinner.  All in all it was a great time and a great meal! I can't wait to go back.. perhaps I'll stop in for lunch and or dinner tonight because honestly I just can't get enough.
1	We went for Friday lunch.The food was of mixed quality. Agreed it;s a different cuisine but not worth the two hours( yes you read that right )  wait we had to do.
3	Food was decent. Good cerviche. Fried fish was a bit heavy. Place didn't run their a/c. Checked their thermostat next to the bathroom and it was 91 degrees in the place. Towards the end of the meal it was difficult to even be in there anymore. It's 105 outside today, there is no excuse for not running the a/c. Won't be coming back.
5	Great food and biggest glass of wine EVER.  Very nice people.  And the lunch special is enough for two!
4	Let's start by getting the 4 stars out of the way.  The place was HOT, like really hot, like maybe no AC hot.  This made for a slightly uncomfortable setting.  Besides the temperature, I loved the place.  Seemed like a mom and pop shop which I always like.  So lets change it up and  talk food.  Wow....  It was tasty!  Got the Papa a La Huancaina for an appetizer and it was amazing.  I was disappointed at first because it looked so plain, just boiled potatoes cut in half smothered in a sauce.  However, after that first bite I was hooked.  These were amazing.  Got a couple of their drinks, and they were pretty tasty as well, however I wouldn't get those again.  My wife got Tallarines Verdes and it was amazing.  The pasta was a great pesto green color, which had initially concerned me it would have too strong of a pesto flavor.  It did not.  The pasta was actually nice and creamy with a perfect amount of flavor.  I got the Ceviche Mixto.  This was outstanding.  The assortment of seafood was great, the presentation was pretty, and the sauce was amazing.  Packed full of a nice lime-kick with some spice.  The waiter talked me out of going 'spicy' and went for 'medium' instead, which was probably a good idea.  Medium had a nice amount of spice that built up, but was never too spicy to ruin or mask flavors.  I would love to go back and try some other options the food was very good.
2	Service was nice, but as a Peruvian I tried there lomo saltaldo and I was very disappointed. Too many fries, everything was soggy and the rice was pretty bad too
5	(Lyrics - Restless Heart - When She Cries)The place I have traveled inIs Yelped with good reviewsIt's littered with several starsThat only quite came trueWhen all of my peers were drinkingHer food kept me tryingShe does her best to cookThe meal that Bo Bites been throughEl Chullo's tonightAnd I really think that I should taste itIt can't hideAll the meals they make insideEl Chullo serves up some authentic Peruvian style food!I just got back from Peru and unfortunately they don't serve Cuy! Now that would be authentic! In any case, my foodie friends and I ordered individually but different dishes. I went with the Tallarin Saltado, a spaghetti like dish with beef. Overall, it was pretty solid. Salty and just a tad bit of spice, with the crunch of the raw onions giving this dish a savory bite!However, my 2 favorites of the night were the beef heart and the fried rice! Beef heart anyone!? Yeah, it came a super spicy sauce you can add and when I say be careful.....BE CAREFUL! Youch! Spicy indeed, but the heart was so tender....uh yummy! The fried rice...I thought my mama made good fried rice; sorry mom! Overall, one of the best bite of fried rice I had in a while. It was a blend of Peruvian and Chinese style so I totally appreciate the fusion and so will you!The service was spot on with our large group plus no mix up with our checks, which is totally awesome. The place is very tiny so be sure to make your reservations! - Enjoy!
5	This restaurant is a "must" for any lover of Latin A,Erica's cuisine.  I had the Frijoles con Seco a la Nortena (stewed beef with rice and beans) all I can say is "wow"! The beef was super tender and the dish had a great range of flavors and seasonings, very well prepared. It was enough to share if you also get an appetizer, as are some of the other dishes. Service was quick and pleasant, definitely a return visit on the agenda, although I'll make sure to share so that we can try the deserts too!
5	pretty bomb
4	I love El Chullo! I grew up in Peru and I've had a hard time finding good Peruvian food in Phoenix but boy, El Chullo gets it just right! I would go more often if it weren't that pricey. I mean, considering it's a "hole-in-the-wall" type of restaurant, I think their dishes are a little overpriced. But it's delicious for sure!
5	Pros:  Food, service, price.Cons: Smaller sized restaurant (may be occasional waits), parking (park across the street - see parking section below).The food here is amazing.  I had the Tacu Tacu Con Lomo Saltado, which is rice and beans topped with strips of marinated sirloin steak.  The rice must be cooked in a small cast iron skillet and flipped over, because it has a seriously delicious exterior with a slight crunch.  The beans and lomo saltado are equally excellent.  Portion sizes are large, and they have a small selection of wine.  Really delicious and highly recommend.  Parking: After business hours (ie: 6:00pm) you can park either across 7th street at the auto shop, or across Virginia street, just south of El Chullo, in the parking lot behind the 3 story building (Techniprint).
5	Had a great dining experience here.  Papa a la huanca was ok.  The lomo saltado however was excellent.  Well cooked, well seasoned with a hint of Garlic.  I posted some pics below.  The arroz con pollo was excellent as well, the cilantro was prominent throughout the rice and was well seasoned.  I have been to many peruvian restaurants across the country, and this one is the best in AZ hands down.
5	Excellent food!!!!  We had ceviche which was fantastic (especially with the included cold sweet potatoes) and Tacu Tacu Con Lomo Saltado which was also very good.  We did not have any parking or waiting problems since we arrived at 11:30 a.m. on Saturday.  It is a small restaurant with only about 8 tables but well worth any wait or parking issues.I will return soon.
5	My favorite Peruvian restaurant in AZ! Peruvian food is probably the best in the world imo and this place sure does demonstrate that. Small restaurant but that makes it one of the best hidden gems in Phoenix.  Ceviche, anticuchos and lomo saltado are a must! If you want to introduce someone to this kind of food, start here!
4	Tiny spot with limited parking but worth it for some tasty food that is likely different than anything you have had before. The Papa a La Huancaina looks meh but the taste is fabulous! The fried rice dish was so tasty and plenty for me to have lunch the next day. It's a little expensive for an ethnic hole in the wall but the food is good enough that I'm sure Ill be back for more. They are super friendly too!
5	All I can say is "WOW" the ceviche was super delish. I've tried a few peruvian places in the past and El Chullo wins in my book. I tried both the ceviche mixto & the ceviche with fish and they are both amazing dishes. I really liked the flavors. I also had lomo saltado and same thing the flavors were soooo good. This is my new favorite restaurant. Enjoy!
5	Hole in the wall exterior. Parking lot is super small. Don't let that discourage though!! The food is worth it! Our First time here we found the quality of the food rivals Peruvian restaurants in Sonoma and New York. The recipes are spot on. Even the seafood was great. Will definitely be back again and again. No lunch menu so be prepared to share or go home with leftovers.
5	Great, great little restaurant. Having traveled Latin America for a while I was excited to try some Peruvian food. And it was great. The beef cuts I had were one of the best marinated pieces of meat I have had. And for desert I had this Argentinean cookie called alfajore... It was great. I love small places like this that do good right and are simple. Will go back for sure.
4	I've had my fair share of Peruvian food here in the valley. I'm surprised that there actually are so many to choose from. Out of all of them, I believe that El Chullo has the best food of them all. I've had their ceviche, lomo saltado, and jalea. All of which were excellent. I would give it 5 stars if ratings were based only on the food! Not only does it taste great, it even is presented beautifully.Now, what brings this place down is the location. My biggest gripe is the A/C seems to not always be running cool. Not to mention it isn't the nicest looking of restaurants. For the price I expect a bit more class. Not super fancy, just a touch more.And yes, it's central Phoenix. So parking is tight.
5	Tasty Peruvian cuisine and very attentive staff.  We had great soup, fried fish, and the lomo saltado was scrumptious. I will definitely be going again to explore more Peruvian dishes.
5	I am sorry I hadn't been here before. From the outside you have no idea what hidden treasures are inside. Everything we had as appetizers and our meals were great.  I love the new variety to our palettes. I highly recommend you come here.
5	Food was so good I had lomo saltado and arroz com mariscos yummy and amazing people who work here they sang me happy birthday :)
5	Delicious and reasonable.  A hidden treasure.
4	We were excited to find a Peruvian restaurant with vegetarian options, so decided to try it. I was pleasantly surprised to learn that it is family run. They were extremely warm and hospitable and the food was freshly prepared home style! Even the piscos were thoughtfully made :) We enjoyed our evening and would definitely go back.
1	We got fooled by the rating of this restaurant. This is certainly not the best peruvian food we have had. In fact, it was below average. Never going back again!I have had so much better peruvian food in Jersey. This was not worth the money they charge you.
4	Arroz con pollo was good as well as the purple corn drink. Sorry dont remember the name of it  service was great. It wasnt too busy so may be the reason why others have given bad reviews. But overall pleasant experience with good food
