2	Just scroll down and read Jackie S.'s review.  I experienced the same service.  There's just better places to go for sushi; don't waste your time with this one.It's on a lame and fast street corner, too, and the view / activity is non-existent.You've got better things to do than sushi @ Pearl...Seriously.
2	This is not that great of a place.  It's very upscale but the folks behind the sushi bar don't really seem to know what they are doing.  It took forever to get a beer and a sake here.  The worst part was the sashimi yellowtail.  It looked like it was purple on the edges.  If you want to play it safe and get a tuna roll, it will be safeway quality but nothing too special.  This place is more about atmosphere and where to eat if you have a glittery scottsdale shirt you need to show off.
2	I'm always looking for a new sushi restaurant to try out so I was excited to see Pearl on the list of 1/2 off gift certificates available through the radio station. Not only did I buy one for myself, but I forwarded the info to my friends so we could all try out a new place together-- at a discounted price. Unfortunately, we should have clarified their policy before we all bought our own gift certificates. Pearl does not do split checks so therefore, we weren't able to use more than 1 gift certificate per table. I respect their policy and that disappointment is NOT reflected in my rating. Now on with the review----- I had plans to meet with some friends for drinks in Old Town on a Saturday night so I figured that'd be the perfect night for my friend & I to try out Pearl. I called to see if reservations were necessary and the hostess said they don't accept reservations for small parties and assured us that we shouldn't have a problem getting seated around 9pm. OK, so when we arrive, there is a large party on the patio and the inside is crowded. There is a small table for two available inside and a group of 3 are leaving a table next to the open table for two. The host says we could wait at the small table while they clear off the larger table for us. Once it's cleared, we scooch over and peruse the menu. Shortly after, the host comes over again and informs us that both tables are reserved. OK?!?! WTF. I thought they don't take reservations for small groups?! He says the sushi bar is open; otherwise, we'll have to wait for another table to clear up. Irritated, we move over to the sushi bar since we were pressed for time and had to get dinner started already. After a few minutes, we handed our check list over to the friendly sushi chef. He quickly whips out our rolls one after another each one presented beatifully. Unfortunately, looks were very deceiving.Sizzle Yellow Tail (pico de gallo and a roasted jalapeno miso vinaigrette drizzled w/ hot extra virgin olive oil): no flavor; just tasted like oily hamachi. Big disappointment since hamachi is one of my favorite sashimis. Napoleon Dynamite roll (tempura shrimp and cucumber rolled and topped with baked lobster dynamite, green onions and drizzled with a sweet soy glaze): waaaaay too much mayo in the "lobster" (it's really crawfish.. I hate when sushi restaurants misrepresent items!) dynamite. I couldn't stomach it. Surf & Turf roll (shrimp tempura, grilled king mushrooms and cucumber rolled and topped with seared beef tenderloin and a sesame oil vinaigrette): the beef tenderloin was flavorless. Didn't notice any mushrooms in the roll. Sunset Strip roll (spicy yellowtail, cream cheese, cucumber, avocado and daikon sprouts rolled and topped with salmon, thinly sliced lemon, ponzu sauce and a wasabi lime aioli): spicy yellowtail lacked heat. Couldn't really pinpoint what else was lacking, but it was just really flavorless. All in all, we put down a good majority of what we ordered. Not because it tasted good, but because we wanted a full belly so we could handle more drinks later that night. =) They have some really good promotions so I might be willing to give them another shot. I'd stay away from the rolls and sizzling sashimi.. and just order the sushi/regular sashimi since those rely solely on the quality and flavor of the fish itself. I would not pay full price here though.
4	My husband and I went there during their progressive happy hour (50% off 5-6pm, 40% off 6-7pm, 30% off 7-8pm) where EVERY ITEM on the menu are discounted.  What a great deal!  We loved everything we had- especially the tuna taco- so much that we ordered that item twice!  It was topped with buck wheat soba noodles that has been infused in lemon so it was very zesty- delicious!  We enjoyed our dinner immensely.  The best part?  It was on a Saturday night!
4	Wow!  I can't believe the reviews for Pearl that I'm seeing.  I originally stopped by this fine establishment due to it's proximity to where I work and the advertisement of ridiculous specials; but I have found it to be one of my favorite happy hour spots in Scottsdale.  First, the progressive percent off idea is excellent and cheap simultaneously.  Plus, it's 50% off from 10-12 on Saturday nights!  The sushi I've had has been up to par, and the service from Tammy - the lead bartender behind the counter - and her associates has always been excellent.  The only thing that I would change would be the amount of space inside; but now that the weather is getting better it is much less of an issue.  If you like sushi, and are in a pinch for cash, definitely check this place out!
4	My friend Megan took me here for a belated birthday gift. We started out with the lemon blueberry freeze martini's. delicious. The rims of the glasses were covered with orange flavored pop rocks. So fun! We ordered random rolls and they were all delicious. The service was great, and our waiter was very down to earth and fun. The atmosphere is very classy... although the half naked women with pearl underwear posters was a little odd, it fit in with the youthful/modern appearance of the place. I will be coming here again.I took my boyfriend to Sushi Ko tonight and will NEVER be returning there. (see review) Pearl is my new sushi hot spot.
5	I love this place!! The deja blue martini is FANTASTIC!! The happy hour cannot be beat. It is 50% off EVERYTHING from 4pm-5pm 40% from 5pm-6pm and 30% from 6pm-7pm.  The bartender/owner is great. I always sit at the bar, I have not experienced bad service like mentioned in other reviews. The salmon nigri is the best in town. It is so fresh.
4	Pearl for Happy Hour last night!The Beautiful Carin and I met our friend Cathy for drinks, small plates and sushi at Pearl last night, and we had a great time!We have been to Pearl a couple of times before, but not in the past 2-3 months, so time to review on Yelp!We sat out on the patio and had dinner the way dinner is supposed to be, we had several small plates, several different kinds of sushi and several martinis and sake bombs, and spent the better part of 3 1/2 hours doing it!The patio is the way to go at Pearl. The weather was great, the sound levels allowed for conversation, we got to people watch as the night went on (always fun to see everybody tuning up for a night on the town!).It was really a nice experience. The service was excellent! Pearl has brought on some new serving staff that clearly know what they are doing and how to work their stations, as well as bond with customers. And, one of the owners was part of our service team last night and that shows me they are clearly working to make sure that service is good, and improving.We had several different martini's...my standard vodka marti with a twist...well prepared, ice cold...yum! Carin tried the Deja Blue, and really liked that as well as the Cherry Bombs, and Cathy did the regular Sapporo Sake bombs (don't worry, kids, we were walking not driving last night;) ).The small plates were really good...we had coconut shrimp(2), bottle rockets, fish schticks(2), gyoza, karaage (2), as well as spicy tuna rolls, fake and bake, pearl necklace and captain crunch. All of the dishes were good...some of the sushi selections were more successful than others, but that is pretty much always the case, and everything got eaten! So, the $74 question is how much did all this gustatory excess cost? Well...that's right! $74! Pearl now has happy hour prices on a bunch of stuff all night long, and that makes happy hour into a happy night!Finally, the decor is pleasant, modern and comfortable, and we really like the girl in the pearls artwork...and not just because the girl in the artwork is the friend that we had dinner with, Cathy (yes, seriously...yes, for realz...no, I won't give you her number).Pearl is a comfortable and affordable place with friendly staff and good food. Give them a try!
3	So I finally got a chance to get back to my favorite sushi place in Scottsdale. I was disappointed. The "happy hour" has changed. They now have it all day, but in reality they just slightly lowered the prices on a few menu items. The overall vibe of the place has seemed to change. The crowd was a bit different. Too many punk guys with gold chains and sideways hats acting like they are "G's". Really? We are in a sushi bar in Scottsdale, that does NOT make you "hard". Anyway... ;) The new bar outside is nice and the food is still very good. The bathroom floor needs a good scrub down. There were a few sanitation issues behind the bar... The experience may have been better if Tammy (the owner) was there.I hope things are back to normal next time...
3	I met a friend for some late dinner at Pearl on Friday night at 9:15 thinking we would beat the dinner rush.  We were so wrong.  I walked in and tried to locate a hostess to get a table but there was no one around.  The place was packed so I did a lap to check for a place on the patio or at the bar.  Nothing.  Still no sign of a host.  I finally had to ask a table if they had sat themselves.  They pointed out a host and I chased him around the restaurant until I could finally get his attention.  There was a 45 minute wait at 9:30 so we sat at the sushi bar.  I actually saw 2 parties come in, wait for a host and then leave when no one showed up to seat them.I waited over 10 minutes for our server to greet me and offer me menus.  My friend arrived and we mulled over if we should order from the sushi chefs or if our server would be back.  It took more than 15 minutes to get my bomber, our server apologized for the wait but disappeared for another 15 minutes.  I understand the place was busy but our server was definitely MIA for most of the time we were there.We finally ordered and our food beat our first round of drinks by a long shot.  The food was good and the rolls were unique, I was just disappointed there were so many rolls with spicy in them.  The chefs must love spicy tuna, spicy crab and spicy yellow tail because they are in 8 of the 12 specialty rolls on the menu.  I ordered the Bottle Rocket Appetizer, awesome plating but they didn't mention on the menu that they had any sort of spice in them.  My mouth was on fire after the first egg roll.  I am a spice wuss.We ended up ordering 2 appetizers, 3 specialty rolls, 4 martinis and a bomber and had more food than we knew what to do with.  Plus the bill was around $60 which isn't bad but add $14 for 2 valets (ALL spots are blocked off in their parking lot for valet so you have no choice) and it gets a little pricey. The food and extensive drink list as well as all day happy hour deserve 4 stars but I have to give Pearl 3 because of their staff.  God knows how much business walked out the door on Friday from the level of service.
4	Pearl has quickly become a favorite of mine in Old Town. They have a never-ending happy hour which can't really be beaten. Great sushi at a very reasonable price. Try the Fake and Bake roll with a saki bomber before you head out to the other Old Town bars.
3	I recently went here.  It sounded like a very cool place, and I really wanted to like it, but I left rather disappointed.I love that on Sun and Mon nights you can roll the dice to get a discount to your meal.  At least 10% guaranteed, unless you risk it all and go for the 50% discount.The chocolate caramel crunch martini was *nom*.  I think this is the only reason I would go back.  Some others in my party got some interesting martinis, too, which I would love to check out.  Avoid the draft sake.  No, stop, I see you considering trying it just to see how bad it is.  Stop that.  Avoid it at all costs.  Fine, if you really want to try it, throw a dash of cheap sake in some tap water.  There, you've experienced the draft sake.  Move on with your life.The sushi was fine.  The tuna and salmon were fresh, the eel was okay but not the best I've ever had.  What was a true disappointment was the yellowtail scallion roll.  Maybe I'm a fool for expecting there to be *scallions* in a "yellowtail scallion" roll, but there were none to be found.  The hamachi wasn't even chopped up like I've always seen it everywhere else.  Even worse, they put cucumber in it.  Again, never seen that anywhere else.  Maybe that's what I should expect from a restaurant that lists their sushi only in English.Service was okay.  We got great and friendly service before about 7:30, at which point in time, we got friendly but sparse service.  Moral of the story, go early.I give it three stars because it's a fun and different experience, but if you want SUSHI and not atmosphere, check out Sushi Ken in Ahwatukee, which is better than every sushi restaurant I've ever eaten at in Seattle.
5	Wow.  What can I say, we love this place.  Tammy rocks.  This is the only place we eat sushi.  Fresh and delicious.  We love the Napolean Dynamite.  FABULOUS.  Drinks are really good. I'm hooked on the Atomic Tea (and I hate lemon in my tea).  That's how good it is.  Go and experience.
4	Not bad. Not the best sushi I've ever had, but they have some creative options on the rolls and some kind of taco appetizer, like little mini taco shells with raw tuna and mango chunks in there. Tastes better than expected! They have now updated their nightly menu to reflect the happy hour prices they have changed on some of their menu items. Happy hour prices apply to all hours, every day, so that's kinda cool. It's not overly expensive to eat here and they have some tasty girly flavored martinis, too. The outdoor patio is nicely shaded with misters and the staff is all very friendly and attentive.
2	When you go out to dinner, you want good food and sometimes, good service and a pleasantly friendly staff just are not enough.  The sushi at Pearl is not really good.  I was disappointed at the rolls - the accompanying sauces were colorful although boring and tasteless.  I tried a roll with a slice of tuna on the top and the tuna was a little warm - NOT what you want when eating sush.  I had the yellowfin - and was not impressed.  The quality of the fish was off.  I also tried the calamari which was fried in a funky batter which over powered the taste of the calamari.  I have to admit that after two rolls, calamari and yellowfin tuna, I stopped ordering bc the food did not taste good.  The one great thing about Pearl is the service and the staff.  They are friendly, but not in an annoying way.  They tried very hard to please my party and I liked it.  When they found out we would be writing a review for yelp - the free shots came - and that was a nice BONUS. ;) I recommended to the my server and a woman he introduced as a manager that the place needed some sushi quality aspects to it, i.e. fresh warm towels prior to the meal as any self respecting sushi eater, eats with their hands. The manager replied, "that was not a good idea because this is an asian restaurant."  Yikes, right?  She was friendly and kind but her ignorance was pretty disappointing.I unfortuantely will not be going back to Pearl to eat again - however, I would go back for the drinks and the fun service!
4	I really enjoy this spot. I love the decor and overall vibe. The waiters have always been very nice and the food comes out fast. The garlic soy edamame is incredible and addicting. The bottle rocket rolls have this tangy cream cheese inside mixed with crab and it is so very delicious. I have found the items on the happy hour menu to be quite delicious. I've been three times and every time has been great!
3	Why 3 stars... lemme explain. First off, it didn't live up to the hype my friends all raved about. Maybe it was a bad day, but I only have what they gave me to go on. The waitress was nice as can be, very helpful with the menu and giving recommendations, which I am a huge fan of when I go to a new place. Starting off with 3 stars off the bat. We ordered their specialty martini of the day and it was out of this world yummy! For sure adding another star! The biggest, and probably only reason I would go back. If you like a good martini, fruity ones, new and different ones, or your run'of'the'mill martini, they have you covered. But, the entire reason for going here was I heard the sushi was beyond amazing, especially for the price. I must say their prices are good, with their all day every day happy hour menu, which I don't really get anyhow, why not just have cheap sushi, call it what it is. Happy hour is 4-7, lets not spoil a good thing and make is all the time. Anyway, I digress. The sushi itself was sub-par. I should take two stars away for this, but I have to remember that martini, so only one. The seaweed was tough, the tuna quality was a bit fatty and hard to eat, and it seemed that all of their "specialty" rolls were made with fake crab. Basically all California rolls with some kinda of twist, like deep fried, or with avo or presented in a pretty bowl with some type of cream sauce on top. I was also told that their rolls were 15+ pieces big, i counted what we got several times and I only saw 8 pieces, so unless someone ate the other 8 on the way out to my table, my friend must have been getting the hook up or something. It must just be a personal preference, but when I eat sushi, I actually want sushi, as in raw fish, not fake crab and fried and smothered in some type of mayo sauce. Maybe it was an off day for them and this was the reason for my dissatisfaction and everyone else I have talked to loving it. But even still..... consistency is a big thing in running a good sushi place, well any place for the matter. Thank you for the recommendation friends, but I will only ever be back for the martinis.
4	Pearl is a hip sushi spot that advertises an happy hour menu all day every day! I was skeptical about it at first but now I am hooked! They have $7 martini's, $4 bombers, and cheap novelty rolls. Drinks were awesome and the sushi was tasty. I think advertising an all day happy hour is genius.
4	Pearl hits the spot.  They have an all day happy hour menu with $2 beers, $4 rolls (CA roll, spicy tuna roll, etc) and $6 specialty rolls.  The sushi is good, not spectacular, but for the price its a great sushi restaurant.
2	Went to Pearl tonight with my roommate after hearing rave reviews from a few people....Walking up you can clearly tell it's a hot spot.  It looked busy, and when we walked through the door it was obvious as to why--it's very small.  The tables are super close together so if you're anything bigger than a 6 ladies...go somewhere else, seriously. I had to interrupt the next table at least 3 times in first sitting down in my seat, going to the restroom once/coming back and then leaving for the night.  It was just awkward. They also first sat us outside without even asking which we preferred (inside/out that is) We had looked at the menu before arriving and was very excited to try a few different things. We got the cucumber salad (very good) and seaweed salad (equally as good-and they dont add lettuce to it to make it look like more), shrimp tempura roll (good) spicy tuna (chunks of tuna were way too big and it just wasn't good), Pearl necklace (far from impressed) and the napolean dynamite (pretty good).....All in all the sushi filled my stomach but i didn't finish either of my rolls (which is not like me).  I could see coming to this place for drinks and maybe a small plate, but definitely not for a respectable sushi dinner.
5	we had a new years package with pearl this year and we weren't disappointed. first off, we could walk there (and home at the end of the night), so that was a big factor in choosing this as our starting point. our waitress, christy, was a delight. she was super friendly and helpful, and made sure we had plenty to eat and drink to end the year off right. since it was a set menu, my girlfriend picked one selection, and i the other, and we shared. the sashimi was so smooth and buttery, i had to hardly chew...it just melted. and the two rolls we received were big and filling. weren't too keen on the bottle rockets because they were fried, but they tasted pretty good. the cold sake that came with the deal was our first foray into the cold sake world as we are not conossuers (sp?). however, we thought it was mighty tasty and since we are lightweights, it got us good and buzzing by the end of the bottle. the owner/manager tammy, was there and she had made our reservations over the phone. she was extremely friendly and nice, which surprised me considering this is scottsdale. she talked to us as if she'd known us forever. we use to love RA's happy hour, but they've gotten to the point where the waitresses and staff are kinda "skanky" and the music is way, way, way too loud...it's like a freaking club even at 4 in the afternoon. so i think we have found our new sushi happy hour spot in Pearl! from what i understand, they have a great happy hour! happy new year!
2	Ok...My parents (including the legendary Don S. himself) love this place. They see a certain server who I must admit is awesome! Very helpful and super happy. I wish I could give him a shout out, but my parents will have to tell you his name. Sorry awesome Pearl server... This review is aimed at EVERYONE else...I have great service when I'm with my folks (they must be celebrities). But every time I went with my friends,and we have really bad service and ok food and drinks. What can I say im a glutton for pain I guess. I think the servers and bartenders must have selective sight because we always get over passed for food and drinks. Longest time waited for a drink...20minutes! If it wasn't for my friends I would have left. They too are gluttons for pain and thirst. The worst part is I feel like I'm inconveniencing them for sitting there. I have to say food isn't too bad. Their rolls can be found at any trendy sushi place. But the spring rolls blew me away. The spicy dipping sauce really was great! But not enough to give this place 3 stars and not enough food to feed any one with a decent appetite. The drinks...hmmm...pretty good bomber list but do not order any Alcohol with a mixer. their bartenders are so light handed I doubt there is even a full shot in there. I recommend asking for the shot on the side to make sure you get what you pay for. It has a huge patio and great for people watching but if you're not going with my parents...you might want to skip this trendy old town spot.
1	Saturday night and Pearl was turning customers away. They actually refused service to any more customers. Not because there was a wait, not because they ran out of sushi, but because they were short a bar-back and the bartender was slammed.The place was probably 75% full and the bartender was standing around, she didn't look even close to being slammed. I have never in my life been turned away from a restaurant because they were too busy, especially when they were not at capacity. I've been a waitress, a hostess, and my father owned a bar and restaurant that got so packed on Saturday nights that the cocktail waitresses could barely move through the crowd. I thought it was a horrible decision to turn people away. I've been overwhelmed by customers before, so I think I have the right to call bullshit on this. I worked at a bakery and coffee shop when I was 17 and constantly found myself alone during the morning rush. I took the order, made the order and brought it to the customers. I didn't turn people away!  I worked my ass off hustling and apologized sweetly if there was a delay. In fact, I even got complimented on how hard I was working by the customers themselves. The point, I didn't see one damn person hustling in there. If you are going to turn people away because the staff is overwhelmed, then I would expect to see some people hustling. I am so confused as to how being short a bar-back equals turning away customers.I will never go back to this poorly managed restaurant in my life. Just to be clear, I wasn't rude to the sweet little girl who turned me away because I knew it wasn't her decision, but the manager should have been out there explaining the problem with a little more diplomacy. If you are going to turn people away, then figure out the right way to say it so that they will actually come back. If I was the owner or manager, I would have done every job in the place trying to lend an extra hand so that I didn't have to turn customers away. I would buss tables and wash dishes if I had to. Maybe I'm a bitch, but I'm a bitch that knows how to get shit done. Whoever manages/owns Pearl- you do not. This message is for you:  Don't send your little baby workers to turn away customers. They don't know how to do it without pissing people off. Also, telling people that you are not going to give them service because you want them to get the service they deserve is a crap thing to say. You are not a fine dining establishment and according to some of your reviews your service isn't all that great. I guess I'm never getting the service I deserve because I'm never going back. What a disaster.
4	I've been to Pearl a few times & love the all day happy hour which is hard to come by in Scottsdale! I try to get something new each time I go, but can't get enough of the "Pearl Necklace" roll! The food is always good & reasonably priced!A friend of mine & I went in Saturday night right before they got slammed & although it took a while for the server to get to us & our food to come out, they were happy to fix the problem by comping 2 of our rolls for us. That really is the only time I have not had great service but was happy they were able to fix it.
1	This place blows.  The only reason I have gone is to meet friends.  They happen to know the owner, who is a woman who works there, and eventually one of our friends started working there.  I would never actually order sushi at a place like this, if you do then it is just your fault for the result.  It is not a restaurant, it is a bar folks.  I have snagged a piece of a roll or two off a friends plate and I can say that those little rolls at the grocery store are much better.  I would really like to emphasize that if you are going to a bar for sushi, you get what you deserve.I never order anything fancy, usually a beer or some gin but damn they are slow as hell getting the order done.  There have never been more than 10 people there (even on a Saturday at midnight), yet they are so slow you would think they were swamped.  Hell, for the group I was with being on speaking terms and official regulars you would think we could get some damn service.  Guess not.  This place has been dead every time I go.  You would think the club next door with a line would give them some overflow.  Parking is a disaster because valet takes everything.  In fact, the last time I tried to valet they told me they were full, but took the car behind me!  Apparently my Honda is not baller enough for them.  I wound up finding a free spot very close anyway, but that area is such a nightmare.  I will never suggest anyone go to Pearl because there really isn't anything positive about the experience.  bad service, bad food, bad parking, Scottsdale pricing = no bueno!
4	we stopped by here again last night coming back from the airport. since we are now big fans of sashimi, we ordered 2 of the salmon (which is so freaking good), and a couple of their happy hour rolls. what's so great about sushi is that it's difficult to really stuff yourself. you order a few rolls and by the time you think you may want more, you're stomach starts catching up to your brain (or is it the other way around?) and you realize you're full....again, good happy hour prices for excellent service and great people watching.
3	12/17/09After a satisfying happy hour spent at 5th and Wine, a few new Twitter friends and I meandered our way to Pearl Sushi.  A "twitterer" (as penned by Dave Letterman) and I shared a Funkin A- a martini made w/ apple vodka, citrus liqueur, Funkin apple puree, Sobe green tea, lime juice, and sweet and sour.  Pretty tasty!  If only I hadn't already consumed three glasses of wine...  We also shared a Mango summer roll and a Sunset strip (check out their descriptions here... http://www.pearlsushi.net/Pearl/Home_files/pearl%20happy%20hour.pdf)  Both are very good, w/ the latter made very spicy w/ jalapenos.  (While I love spicy foods, my digestive system does not.)  I'd recommend these to anyone!Nice space.  There's a patio that begs to be occupied... I hope to bring Mom and friends here soon!p.s.  If you visit here on Thursdays, be sure to wear something purple- you'll get martinis at half-price!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/O_2VEWa6ExYX5HpF3GW5yg?select=1MvW7owNmtFIwSTuidqOUw
3	Great place to grab a drink and sushi, all day happy hour menu is awesome, good service really friendly staff, great for pre drinking before going out, ten million times better than ra or stingray.
3	Went to Pearl last night to try a new sushi place, and it's soso. The happy hour is pretty good since they do it all day. I went with my vegan friend who ordered the mango rice wrap the same time everyone else ordered and for some reason or another all our food showed up while she waited. 10 min. later she asked our typical "snobsdale" server about it and she said, "the mango wrap takes longer b/c it's hand rolled." which made us all wonder if that meant ours were pre rolled or what... anyway 20 min. later her roll shows up and it was 2 pathetic pieces thata weren't worth $6. lame. But I got the Pearl Necklace and that was pretty good.
3	This post is certified #glutenfree! I came to Pearl after a post-work meeting with coworkers. My party included a free-spirit eater, a gluten-free weirdo (that's me), a health-conscious eater, and the pickiest eater I know (besides me). We went to Pearl because we heard they have an ALL-HAPPY HOUR-ALL-THE-TIME kind of attitude, and you can get decent sushi for very cheap. This is all true. AND to make my #glutenfree day, they have gluten-free (wheat-free) soy sauce in the back, and can easily sub snow crab for the imitation crab in any roll. I had a great meal for cheap. The others tried the Fish Schticks (or some other witty way of writing it), and some chicken appetizers and the spring rolls. They all enjoyed their meal, although the picky eater didn't like the chicken appetizer and apparently is now prejudice against all aioli sauces.GREAT for happy hour for coworkers. Not as upscale or snooty as the over-hyped sushi restaurants right downtown, but better sushi than RA Sushi.
1	Very underwhelmed. So I met a friend here for dinner the other night and I have to admit I went somewhere else after we left to get something to eat. I ordered the garlic and soy edamame which was ok, the salmon sashimi which was not so good, and a cucumber roll which was the best thing I ate there (pretty sad to say). The place is definitely a bar and not a real sushi restaurant.... nice atmosphere though. The waiter was a little over the top and we waited for 40 minutes for the check after asking twice. I think I will have to be pretty drunk before going here again LOL...
5	Pearl is an anomaly in Scottsdale- a reasonably-priced quality bar/sushi place that doesn't discriminate.  I can head here for a pre-bar on Saturday night and feel fine, and I can even come here in jeans and a t-shirt for happy hour and not feel out of place.The Sushi menu isn't the most extravagant- no varieties of fish or shellfish that you can't find elsewhere- but what they do, they do well.The drinks?  $5 Sake Bombers.  All I need with my rolls is an "Asahi and Cold, please".  Apparently the Martinis and Bombers are big crowd favorites, but I can't testify to that.The sevrice?  Not fast.  If you're coming in at 5:00 and trying to get a roll and a beer before heading to a 5:30 show at Fashion Square, you're probably not going to make it.  Personally, I don't understand when I'm sitting next to someone at the rail ordering a dragon roll and a martini while constantly looking at his or her watch while griping about the time.  You want something from the sea in a hurry?  Go eat a Filet-'o'-Fish.  I like to relax and savor, and Pearl is comforatble enough that I can do that.Prices?  Best I've seen for Sushi.  Their "always happy hour" promotion is great- I can walk in with a friend, have a couple beers and sake, split a few rolls, and walk out full and content for under $60... for BOTH of us.  That's amazing.  On Sundays, they actually have even more promotions, where they let you roll dice for even more off your bill.I highly suggest Sunday or early weeknights if you're exploring it for the first time.  Weekend evenings can get tight for seating.Pearl isn't the end-all, be-all of Japanese cuisine.  It's Pearl, and that's fine by me.
4	Great sushi/happy hour. Fun patio and atmosphere. Great place to watch a game as well.
1	So, I have been to Pearl a few times now. The first time, it was ok, nothing spectacular but I liked the prices. The 2nd time- horrible. The spicy tuna roll tasted very strong, like fish that was NOT fresh at all. The other rolls we got were falling apart. The service was crappy.Welllll, I decided to give it another try because I had a certificate from restaurants.com for there. So, I grab 2 of my friends and we head that way. We sit down, one friend goes to the restroom. I am sitting with a friend from Chicago who has never been there so she has no idea what they are about. A girl walks over with the 3 menus they have (sushi, appetizers, and drink menus). This girl HAS TO BE either drunk or stoned... She asks if we have been there before and I let her know I had but my friend was new. She then says that she is just helping, not our waitress, and if our waitress doesn't explain the menu, I can....what???! So, she wants ME to explain the menu to my friend??? Weird. Anyway, finally our server comes, we order 2 miso soups and an edaname. The stoned girl who is "helping" brings 1 soup and the edaname. I politely say that we had an extra soup when she had a chance...She then looks at me strangely and asks "Did you order it with your server?"....Really??? So, we order our food, one friend orders a beer. The beer comes out with ice in it?? The food comes....horrible. The fish is very strong again. I got yellowtail and it was very mushy and tasted suuuper fishy. My friend had a shrimp tempura roll that fell apart everytime she dipped in soy. I couldn't even eat mine... finally we want the bill. Server is no where to be found until we see her chatting with another table. Fine, thats her job to be friendly...15 minutes later we ask the bartender if we can get our tab and he acts like we are being jerks. Moral of the story...Pearl Sushi, I gave u 3 chances... thats enough. Get some fresh fish... I know your menu is cheap, but I'd rather pay more for good fish. Also, get some servers who are a little more professional and experienced. And do some drug tests while you are at it.
5	WHATEVER YOU DO...GO TO PEARL!!!!Sushi, Drinks, Good Looking people are just the start. Ask steve for the secret handshake. Ask Tammy for the discounted shots and martini (which she will put in a rocks glass for you so you dont feel like a chick). Ask server Kelly for a smile...she never runs out!!!!Seriously, best value, food, fun, drinks and quality food in all of Scottsdale...maybe Arizona.I recommend only eating when Kelly is working and if her section is full, WAAIITT..it will be worth it. BEST SERVICE EVERRRRRRR
3	Great atmosphere and great food and specials.. service is a little horrible at times but the owners are great!
5	My wife and I went to pearl Thursday night, 5/20, for dinner and had a great experience. Our waiter, jonny, was awesome. Very knowledgeable of the menu, great enthusiasm for the food and drinks and the Scottsdale area.  I would recommend pearl for anyone looking to get great sushi, great drinks and a fun night on the town.Nice meeting you jonny
4	i usually write about happy hours. and this place has an all day happy hour. so ill recommend it. im not a big sushi/seafood fan. but i do like $5 sake bombers w/cold sake. the korean pork tacos were awesome as well for 6 bucks. check it out. thats all.
3	Went here for happy hour with the missus after work today and it was good enough that I'd go back but not the best that I've had. We ordered the tuna sashimi, spicy tuna roll, soft shell crap roll and at the recommendation of the waiter, the fake and bake roll.sashimi - Good, not great. Could of been a bit colder.spicy tuna roll - better than the sashimi but not epic.soft shell crab roll - this was actually my favourite tonite. It had the right amount of texture and flavour.fake and bake - they must of used some sort of torch to brown the top, probably powered by lighter fluid as all I could taste was the burnt part on top. Would of been fabulous if they didn't try to set the food on fire.Close to work, I'll be back again. Prices and the all day happy hour are both great.
3	The happy hour prices here are affordable. Atmosphere is trendy and the sushi is good.
3	This is another Ra-like east meets west sushi place where they put all kinds of mayo concoctions and cream cheese into something that was supposed to be healthy.  That being said, I thought the rolls were pretty creative and none all too bad.  They didn't seem very healthy at all, but we all die sometime and a little fish isn't going to save us anymore than a "practical" meal of a hamburger and small fries at McDonald's.  The all day happy hour is all the rave, and such a gimmick because most of the rolls and drinks cost 6 bucks.  I guess its cuz they're "specialty" drinks and rolls so 6 bucks is a steal for them?  Not that much of a thrifty deal.  Seemed like a couple of the rolls were variations of the same thing because they tasted very similar.  Or maybe its just the "soy glaze" that's laid on kinda thick..All in all, I wouldn't dig in my heels not to go to this place (which I would for Ra), but I wouldn't go there to be a cheap date either.
1	I used to be a fan of Pearl until my birthday this year. I called a week early to set up a time that would work for the restaurant since we had a large party and never got a call back. Not once in an entire week. In fact, when I called for the 5th time to double-check that everything was set up, no one even knew what I was talking about even after I had called both the restaurant twice and Tammy (who I can only presume to by the owner) twice. In fact, rather than admitting they were the ones that dropped the ball, when I called the restaurtant the day of my bday (and also the bday dinner), I asked to speak directly to Tammy after attempting to get ahold of her for a week and she started off by screaming like an absolute lunatic into the phone. She called me a liar and said I had never called and completely cut me off when I attempted to say anything to her. Talk about knowing how to run a business...wow.Even still, I understand she probably had a lot  going on and we had a very large party, but that doesn't excuse her lack of professionalism or the complete disregard for any of my attempts to get ahold of her. The least she could have done was call me back to tell me one way or the other if they could accommodate us or not. She was beyond disrespectful to not just me, but also my mother who attempted to calm her down after she laid into me. She told her that because I didn't text her, she had no idea about my dinner plans. Really Tammy? After talking to your employees and giving them specific details in the beginning of the week and then personally leaving voicemails with you twice before calling your restaurant again? And not only that, but TEXTING you?! That's the most pathetic, asinine excuse for first off, telling me I never called and secondly, for running a business professionally. Bottom line: don't count on Pearl for any big events and don't expect Tammy to go the extra mile or even be enough of a decent human being to admit fault and try to fix the situation. Way to lose nearly 30 patrons in one night.
2	It's great that they have an all day happy hour but that is pretty much it. They take sushi to a whole new low... By totally bastardizing it and making it appealing to the average 'American' who is afraid of eating anything that is raw and is not covered with a sweet or tangy sauce. Pearl deep fries everything!! And covers their rolls with sauce after sauce. Go to Pearl for drinks but don't go there to eat.
3	I've been to Pearl more times than i can count over the past couple years... I've tried most all of the martinis, specialty rolls, apps and even some of the shots. The food is fairly consistent, with the exception of one visit where the fake and bake was drowning in eel sauce instead of the spicy stuff they normally use and one time where the calamari was just blah. I'd also skip the Chicken Karaage as it was all breading and really had no taste.  I am a BiG fan of the garlic-soy edamame. The Captain Crunch is a fun twist with the addition of sweet potato to a sushi roll. The Hamachi Popper remains one of my faves since it arrived on their menu. The Rice Crispy is good and the Sunset Strip has a thin slice of lemon on top that adds a nice bright flavor to the roll.  My current fave martini is the Atomic Tea which is the sweet tea vodka w/lemonade and fresh lemon.  Oh! And they have maraschino cherries soaked in 151 if you desire something sweet with a kick!Also gotta note that they have a ladies night on Thursdays and if you wear purple or pearls, you get 50% off any signature martini. $4 martinis = Bonus!
4	Ooooooooooo Emmm GGGGGG.. Gotta say The best  sushi place in Az.. love it .. Their sush is the one of  the best  in town.. Great  for groups ,first dates, etc... Service was awesome servers wore friendly and made sure we had everything we needed and our and food arrived quick.. :D The place is always packed , they  have a great  full bar and some unique drinks ..
5	Outstanding!Fun Vibe. Cool Staff. Great Sushi. Quality Sushi. Won't break the bank. I think $74 for 4 people drinks included. Thats pretty good if you ask me. More than one round of drinks too. Great sounds, great food. What more can you ask for?
5	Why does this place NOT have a high rating? What's wrong with everyone? Pearl is my addiction. I've been a devoted customer for over a year. The staff, the vibe, the service, the atmosphere, the martinis, the flavored sake, and umm.. the SUSHI is delicious.I crave the Fake and Bake roll regularly, and at $6.00 it's ridiculously reasonable. I went last night and can't believe I've never indulged before, but the Garlic Edamame is orgasmic.Yep, I just related an orgasm to Pearl. It's pretty damn amazing.I don't understand why anyone would not leave Pearl satisfied. I mean, the staff, especially the management are all super friendly, upbeat, down to earth, and fun. What more can you ask for? I'm excited to visit their new location downtown Phoenix when it opens!!!Five stars... well deserved.
1	I am pretty sure the only reason this place doesn't have a one star rating is because there are so many Scottsdale you know whats that go here that they keep the rating up. My husband and I had the worst dining experience here I have ever had. We were crammed into a small table adjoining a large party after a 45 minute wait and watching countless other groups sit down before us. If you want the real Scottsdale scum experience- it's here. A bunch of idiots walked in and basically claimed to be some big shots in Scottsdale (aka 30K millionaires) and sat down before us. When we finally got to our cramped booth the large party we sat by was so rude we could barely get through dinner. The man sitting at the table with a group of trashy girls was claiming he was shooting heroine in the bathroom at Pearl. Nice, right? He was sweating profusely all over the place. Our food took way too long and let me just say, you get what you pay for. The bottle rockets were pretty good but there was nothing special about anything else on the menu. After waiting 40 min for our food, our drinks finally arrived. I would definitely never come here again and would not suggest it to anyone unless you were the cast of Jersey Shore.
1	I will not choose to go back to this place. I had a martini, it was ok, other people had the suishi, again they said it was 'ok.' Mostly the customer service here is AWFUL! Don't go in with a group, they force everyone at a table to be one 1 ticket. THEY WILL NOT SPLIT A TICKET! WILL NOT! I even talked to a manager and they refused to do this. I felt like I was imposing on them for bringing them business. Don't go here. There are plenty of good suishi places around that will actually appreciate you business. Don't do it.
5	The sushi is pretty good, not excellent but good.  The only reason all my friends and myself come her is the all day happy hr.  Where else in Scottsdale can you get 3 sake bombs for UNDER $25??? NO WHERE!!!
4	Nice, hip ambiance... good for people watching... Go on Tuesday for special happy hour prices on Tuna (tuna tuesday)... Drinks are unique and good.
3	I found myself headed down to Old Town (reside in N. Scottsdale) tonight to visit a friend.  Since we were both in the mood for sushi I consulted the wisdom of yelp to help me figure out where to go.  All I asked for was halfway decent sushi (no RA) and a happy hour; voila Pearl Sushi.  So we meandered over and here's what I found...First off, it took a little to find it.  I thought it would be visible from Drinkwater but either I missed it or it's not.  Either way, I found it after a drive around the block so no big deal.  We arrived around 8:30pm and pretty much what I suspected, very busy.  Now this is Old Town Scottsdale so I pretty much knew what kind of crowd was going to be waiting inside and it certainly wasn't the Coach house regulars.  Pearl is a pretty small joint trying too hard to be current and hip.  I'm cool with small, matter of fact some of the swankiest joints I've been in were small and cozy but where Pearl has gone wrong is with their approach of cramming in as many table as they can.  When you have to ask people to move so you can cram into the seat on your two top and then have to deal with their chair rocking your table every time they move something is wrong.The food- it was good.  It wasn't mind blowing but it was a heck of lot more palatable than RA.  I don't recall the names of what we ordered outside of the fishsticks (that was on recommendation of the waiter so I said sure, had I know they were fried or whatever they were I would have passed), a spicy tuna and then a few other rolls and the garlic edamame.  I'm not a fan of cream cheese in sushi so guess what people, I ordered it without.  Gasp!  One thing I see a lot of on yelp are people complaining about cream cheese in their sushi.  Order it without people.  Like I said, the food was pretty good for sure.  3 starsService - what can I say, it was prompt and good.  Within 30 seconds of walking in a hostess greeted us and sat us and then our waiter (I wish I remembered his name) brought water over and dropped the menu within a few minutes.  I didn't expect that based on the reviews here and the fact that it was packed so nice surprise.  Our waiter who's name I still don't remember was great.  He kept the mood light cracking jokes about his weight and the tightness of our table, kept the drinks coming and was on top of everything all night.  He gets 5 stars for sure.Atmosphere- this is where I give really low ratings but like I said, I expected it.  I'm not a fan of the "scottsdale crowd" and the deep v-necks were out in full force.  For the 45 minutes we were there we got to overhear the Jersey Shore brahs next to us go on and on about strippers.  For once I found myself wishing the music were actually louder so I couldn't hear anyone talk.  Pearl definitely is not a douchebag free zone.  1 starSo in summary-Food- 3 starsService- 5 starsAtmosphere- 1 douchebag star
4	Went here with a girlfriend of mine and it was great! Compared to other sushi place I go to often this place was kind of expensive. Apparently there is happy hour ALL DAY which is SCHWEET! I ordered the calamari and it was 'ok'. I'm a huge fan of squid and I was dissapointed that this calamari was cooked a little too long which made it kind of chewy. Edamame is delicious!I had my first sashimi here (tuna) and it was like an ORGASM in my mouth. It was absolutely delicious and totally worth the outrageous price. We also split a couple of different rolls that were HUGE, each one of them were delicious although a little too 'American"-ized for my tastes :) I would definatley come back here for drinks or as a date night if you go early. It's a very good place, I only give it 4 stars because it's in DouchebagLand aka Scottsdale.
1	Owners are JERKS!! Service sucks! Plan on waiting a really long time unless you have the owners number to text her...she says "baby, unless you text me, YOU WAIT!!! The sushi isn't that great and the drinks are over priced...Stingray is better!
1	I am disappointed.  I wanted to like this place.  My husband and I decided to give this place a try.  Big mistake.  What a waste of a "date night".  It was very busy, so we decided to sit at the bar.  Not a minute after we sat down one of the girls behind the bar broke a glass and shards flew in our direction.  My husband was hit in the face and even pieces of glass were in his hair.  What did this girl do?  Nothing, lifted her head and asked "did I hit you?" my response was, "I think you can see glass all over his hair and in front of him".  Under her breath she said "sorry" and turned around to take care of other people.  I asked someone else at the bar if this is the way they welcome their patrons, because I might be missing something.  Eventually one of the managers came and apologized and bought us a round of drinks.  The sushi is not great, is your typical load of mayonnaise to mask everything.  There are better places for sushi.
5	Had a great time at happy hour this week. Had the sparkling sake, always a good choice. Awesome specialty martinis, but I went with my fav of sparkling sake. It was Tuna Tuesday and I had the poke tuna roll, which was awesome. Also tried the beef tacos which were beyond amazing with a bit of pineapple on top, yummers. Would definitely recommend this place for happy hour or anytime. Great bartenders, awesome atmosphere, and just a cool spot to hang!
4	Happy hour 24-7... can't get better than that and they have a better sushi selection than RA sushi. I wish the place was bigger. They finally have gift cards and a Pearl Reviews point card  SCORE!
5	Man I wish I lived closer to this place because I always end up lit and full when I leave. First of all I don't even want to rave about their Tuesday special because I do not want to show up and ever wait for a seat but I guess they deserve the props. The $5 tuna with avocado and spicy sauce kicks AZZ and the garlic and ginger edamame is AMAZING! Don't leave with out trying the bottle rockets and a bomber! I love the presentation of their food, its like modern art. The place is cool and the servers are fun, friendly, and down to earth. (High five Lindsay- you're great!) Ahhh now I'm craving all of that. Looks like I know where I'll be tomorrow night after work.
4	All day happy hour for Sushi, need I say more?Okay, I will, I went to Pearl about a month ago with a few friends. We ordered a bunch of dishes of the happy hour menu, everything coming in at $6.Calamari, good, but a little too small. Rock Shrimp Amazing! The sushi rolls, Rice Crispy, Fish Stix and another I can't remember, All very good. Actually the Fish Stix was so good that we ordered another.Jason B. and I decided to go back and see if the food held up to a second visit. The Rock Shrimp were just as wonderful as they were the first time, Fish Stix still one of the top rolls I have had, and don't forget the Rice Crispy roll!If you are looking for good quality sushi for a good low price, I highly recommend Pearl!
5	My favorite sushi in ALL of Scottsdale.  The pricing is excellent.  The sushi is of incredible quality.  I have been here hundreds of times and have never had anything that I didn't like and I have tried almost the whole menu!  The service is excellent.  The cocktails are unique and tasty.  I have never had to wait for a table.  Excellent rating across the board.
4	I went here for a birthday party it was a group of 9 and everyone got good service. It was good in taste but more expensive than some of the ones that were closer to me in Mesa. I would go back but only as a group. If you are closer to this place than say Sushi Ave go here you wont be dissappointed.
4	I am going to give this place 4 stars purely because the hostess was so incredibly nice and helpful. I arrived at around 6:30 and tables were filling up fast. I told the hostess that 1) I don't know how many people would be joining me, 2) I don't know how long it will be before they all arrive and 3) I wanted a table by a TV so I could watch the Sugar Bowl. She told me to relax, grab a beer at the bar and she'll take care of everything.  Sure enough about 5 minutes later she came over and grabbed me, told me that a 4-top just left and I should sit there and hold on to that spot before someone else gets it.  Long story short, 2 friends showed up 5 minutes later and we had a decent meal. The sushi is interesting, most of it could probably pass for soft candy as everything was covered in a syrupy sauce but also full of flavor. And apparently they have happy hour 24-7 so the drinks were a very good value. As long as they keep hiring friendly people to man the joint I am comfortable recommending this place. Fair warning - the whole atmosphere is 100%  pure Scottsdale. Walls of leather and suede covered in various shades of purples and pinks complete with hand blown pendant lights, so if that kind of ambiance bothers you, you might want to go somewhere else.
5	Upon first look Pearl does not look like my type of place.  Trendy location/atmosphere often equals mediocre  food. Pearl is an exception to the rule. The sushi is creative and tasty and the drink specials rock. I love that they have different flavors for edamame, cheap bombers and did I mention the fish sticks are way to good. All of that would equal four stars in my book, fifth star is given to the staff. Steve is the type of bartender that others should aspire to be like. Knowledgeable and observant without being intrusive. Always goes the extra mile, I really appreciate how he makes my husband and I feel so comfortable. Overall great value and relaxed attitude.
2	My experience - five of us gathered for dinner around 6pm. I rate the food 3.5 / 5 and service 1.5 / 5. Please please check your final tabs because we discovered a 20% gratuity included (not mentioned by our server) because we had a party of five. After pointing out the fact that our fifth did not order a single item, the server then lied to us saying he mistakenly added it to our bill instead of another table. This dishonesty was a major red flag as there was only one other table of three ladies and one couple sitting at the sushi bar. Eddie was a very nice guy but was definitely rushed. This was confirmed as he asked for a rewards card as we closed our tab and forgot to hand it back. It was obvious he had too many tables to keep up with the demand. (Slightly) above average sushi + dishonest service = 2 stars at best. For future reference, please inform me if gratuity is going to be included in our final bill. I do not wish to say my entire experience was ruined by one individual, however, I do want to give a heads up to others and what they may face. This weekend was a very busy and important weekend to Scottsdale and the surrounding area, please maintain adequate service to prevent negative reviews from fellow patrons.
2	I am not from Arizona and had flown in to visit my boyfriend. We decided to get sushi on a Saturday night around 7. The restaurant was pretty packed. We were greeted by someone who shouted across the room and then ushered to the bar area outside. I must say, the decor and vibe of the place was one of a kind. However, so was the bartender. He came over after we had just sat down to get our drink orders. Even before I uttered out the name of the martini I wanted, he's got his hands out for our IDs. He did show us how to do a saki bomb and my sex on the peach martini was quite strong. The food we ordered trickled to us slowly. However, we did not have any plates or forks or anything of that matter. After I asked a server to bring us silverwear/chop sticks, I watched him return to the sushi bar and completely forgot about us. My boyfriend had to hunt down the bartender so we could actually eat instead of sitting there and staring at our food. Seaweed salad was lacking vinegar, it was a bit bland. The potstickers were ok, after you dip it in the extremely spicey sauce you mask any kind of taste anyways. We got the dragon roll and the captai crunch rolls and the spicey tuna. They were mediocre and yes, they were pretty much loaded with sweet sauce and deep fried; except for the spicey tuna. We were never asked if we wanted dessert. Instead, we just received our bill.The entire time we were there though, I could hear all the drama between the servers. It was like a catfight and I had front row seats to the show. Definitely not very professional. My biggest complain is the service, this place would be 1000X better if the servers actually did their jobs.
5	Very nice and friendly staff, and reasonably priced.  There are a many items on the menu and they seem to add new ones often. I have eaten in many sushi bars in D.C., Vegas, and Miami and the atmosphere here is just as good. The sushi is good enough that it seems to be what RA sushi wants to be.
5	coming from a place known for the best sushi I've had a hard time adjusting. Pearl has helped tremendously with that. Tuna Tuesdays are where its at! I've spent a lot of time and money there. The staff is great, they become your friends more than your servers and they're all a good time. The owner is a great guy. Its always busy for a reason. They have bangin specialty rolls, and if you want to do yourself a favor have the bottle rockets, its the best advice I could give you. Haven't had anything bad here yet. The garlic and soy edamame is just delightful and I really enjoy the mango lettuce wrap things. Saki bombs are encouraged, loud obnoxious groups of alchoholics are not only tolerated but welcomed. How do you go wrong.
4	Great non-stop happy hour!  I firstly love Pearl because I work RIGHT across the street and there is nothing better than convenient sushi/drinks. Secondly, Pearl has a great outdoor/patio area and I will always opt for outdoor seating! Thirdly, I think I want to name my future dog Pearl  (although that name list is exponentially growing).Their 'Bombers' selection is great and FUN! $4 you can get this funky little glass 'shot' of interesting drink concoctions.  As usual, I asked the bartender what she recommended and she basically made one up that wasn't on the menu (whipped cream vodka with root beer) and it was AWESOME! Also always $5 Sake Bombs!  The sushi at pearl is really quite good... lots of 'specialty' rolls aka lots of fried rolls etc.  Probably a good place if someone in the group is afraid of hardcore sushi/sashimi.  The only reason it gets four instead of five stars is for the crowd it attracts.  Ed Hardy shirt designs glitter in the bar lights and Louis Vuitton purses hang from the bar hooks.  Not my cup of tea but the cute little 'Bomber' drinks make up for the douch vibe :)
1	If you're visiting Pearl for a low cost and decent quality sushi, be prepared for the horrible customer service that comes with it. For starters the food is not "great" and the prices definitely fit the quality of it's food. As a resident of PHX we have visited Pearl on several occasions. However, every time we have visited, we have had a horrible experience with the staff and owner. We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well. She claims to be an owner of Sushi bars for over 18 years but it is VERY apparent that she lacks the education of hospitality. We officially stopped attending and have spread the word of her horrible management.  For a little more money I would definitely recommend RAW sushi or Stingray.
4	Walked in the door and was greeted numerous times by the super helpful staff. Everyone who works here is super friendly and makes great menu recommendations. After being seated and given the run down of the days happy hour specials, we selected a number of sushi items. The most important thing about sushi is the fish quality, and i can say I was impressed. Good color/flavor/texture of all the fish meats we ordered. Three glasses of wine and enough sushi to stuff two hungry eaters for $65, pretty standard. I must say I am a bit surprised by the few negative reviews, I am not doubting them, I simply had a totally different and positive experience.
2	So I had this $25 gift certificate from restaurant.com that clearly stated "NO EXPIRATION DATE" and what happens? They won't take it. So yeah, I've had it forever and always forgot to bring it with me but that's beside the point - it says "NO EXPIRATION"!!! So starting off on the wrong foot, we stood in the doorway for a while until I chased down a waitress to ask where we could sit. The patio and bar were full and only one table was available inside. We sat and were quickly attended to by a great server (Eddie) who was obviously super busy but never once ignored us. The food was so-so; I remember it being better in the past when this place was not nearly as busy. The calamari was a bit soggy but decent tasting and the rock shrimp tempura was slightly soggy as well but OUT OF THIS WORLD in flavor! All of the sushi rolls on the special menu were either deep fried or covered in spicy mayo. You think I kid; I don't. And honestly, something tasted off, not super fishy but like the Hamachi had been previously frozen for a month and wasn't fresh? Unfortunately Tammy wasn't behind the bar so I didn't stop to piss and moan and make a scene but had she been there and had a moment to chat (like she has in the past) I probably would have said something. Even though I really want to give this place 1 star for tonight's several moments of WTF, Eddie was a killer attentive server, the food was expeditiously prepared, I think Tammy is a cool chick, and the all-day happy hour and sushi costs can't be beat anywhere in this state. I used to think Pearl was a underrated, hidden gem but apparently some of the quality has suffered with the increase in business. Too bad, now it's just a place you can say "you get what you pay for" and that is truly unfortunate.
4	If I came here just for the Sushi, I'd give it three stars, but since I came here for more, I'm giving it four.Had a friend in town from out of town, and she said "I want Sushi and Martinis". I said...."Who am I to turn down a lady?"The sushi is above average, but not fantastic. The one big bonus is that they ALWAYS have a happy hour menu. You can do some damage here. I had a spicy tuna roll which wasn't bad. $4. I also had a Peanut Butter and Jelly Roll. Basically it was a Crab Mix and Jellyfish roll with a peanut sauce. It was ok, a bit curious more than anything.My friend got the rainbow roll and devoured it. It was kind of amazing to watch. Only because she was starving after sitting in an airport and a delayed flight.My rum and diet was as stiff as a teenager at his first strip club. The martini's were flavorful and creative. Didn't venture much into the Bombers menu, but it looked like trouble. In the good way.They play good music. Fun crowd for a Sunday night. I'd come back. Only gripe is it shuts down at 11, so we had to take ourselves over to the Lodge.
3	Fun place for friends. I have been here a couple times and always go back to the bottle rockets and fish sticks. Sushi is good with some good creative options. The servers have always been attentive and fun. Tuna Tuesdays get packed so make a reservation.
3	Sushi is absolutely nothing to write home about. They have happy hour all day everyday, which is a great way to start your night. The Korean pork tacos are bomb! Great location in Old Town Snottsdale. Love the staff and atmosphere!
1	It doesn't help that the evening ended with me telling the manager/owner exactly what was wrong with all the food that I had tried there and him walking back in shaking his head in a surprisingly unprofessional manner.  He tried to tell me this food wins awards every year somewhere...  I definitely did not get anything that would win awards.  Oh, and although I pointed out specific problems in technique, he blew my issues off as being just "a matter of taste".  Mind you, I was the only asian in that establishment - kitchen, and otherwise.Korean tacos - there is NOTHING Korean about these tacos.  We don't use shredded meat for one, its way too salty and all I tasted that had a Korean link was Soy Sauce (maybe some brown sugar?).  Owner/manager guy said of course its Korean, it has Korean spices in it.  I don't think he knows anything about Korean cuisine....California rolls - how do you mess these up?  I guess by not putting anything but crabmeat and a tiny bit of cucumber that was poorly matchsticked.  These were so bland, I ended up putting some of the Korean taco meat filling on top and added some of the shell crumbled up for texture.Eel/Dragon roll - the Dragon roll had one thick slice of avocado across 3 pieces of the roll.  The eel was over done in sauce that tasted almost burnt - its either not seasoned right or over caramelized.  Of course this same sauce is found on the Eel sushi.The Peanut butter Jellyfish roll - this was actually not too bad.  Nothing to write home about, but not completely wrong like everything else.I put pretty much all the wasabi we received into about half the saucer of soy sauce and could barely taste it.  Is it fake?  The rolls were also sliced unevenly, which is a fine detail that you appreciate at good sushi restaurants.  They were also not rolled tightly enough, so everything fell apart pretty much as soon as you grabbed it.All in all, never again.
4	Always great sushi at a FANTASTIC price. Great place to go out on a date or a group of friends. Relaxed atmosphere will ensure a no pressure, easy going evening.
3	While on vacation in Scottsdale i couldn't help but notice how many sushi restaurants they had. They were on every corner!! So I Yelp'd 'sushi' and this place was one of the firsts to pop up around our location in Old Town Scottsdale. From the moment we walked in we were greeted with smiling faces, which is a huge bonus for me, right then you can tell service is going to be good. And it was, it was really great! Friendly, informative, accommodating waiters was my experience. The Sushi was definitely up to par and tasting delicious, plus the prices are excellent!! A full plate of Sashimi for less than 10$ - yes please! Lastly, i thought it was adorable they had a themed night going on, in our case it was 50's night. Guys dressed like rock-a-billies and girls dressed retro with red lipstick, super cute!
5	We go here every friday!!! Great food! Great drinks and hot staff!This place is a party every time we go to eat.  Any plain outting becomes one of the funnest nights of the week.  The sushi is amazing!  The rolls are amazingly, creative and refreshing to have something beyond the ordinary.  Even better when you get the bill and it is half of what you expected.
3	If you're looking for traditional sushi, this may not be your place. However, for a group of friends looking for an affordable spot with interesting, fun sushi... it's perfect. They don't skimp on fish and know how to get creative with the food - you can get tiki torched rolls, jellyfish rolls, salmon sashimi with key lime sauce and roe, and rice-less cucumber wrapped rolls appropriately named, "Skinny Bitch".I'd give this place 5 stars if the scene wasn't always filled with (pardon the medical terminology) douche bags. It takes away from the food when you're being hit on by drunken bros that are twice your age or listening to Snookie's twin loudly explain last night's drunken hook up, but generally they're too busy watching the game outside to encroach on your good time anyway.
2	Came here during happy hour to have some nosh.  My server, Stephanie was very attentive and offered suggestions for sushi and drink.  The svedka cherry limeade cocktail was good as suggested but most of the food fell short of even bein ok.  My first dish of tuna in ponzu with togarashi was good but the tuna hand roll was klunky and unseasoned.  I took the server's other reccomendation and tried the Blarney, but once again not very seasoned and the mango sauce was sticky and just not good.  I will say however the garlic soy edamame were pretty tasty.  All in all the service was what stopped me from giving Pearl a one star rating, she was bubbly and attentive as a good server should be.  I will be back for happy hour but not for the food.
4	The good thing about Pearl is their all-day everyday Happy Hour menu.  There are about 5-6 specialty rolls on there for $7 (regular price is about $10+).  I highly recommend the Fish Shticks - imitation crab rolled & fried in tempura batter, topped w/ spicy tuna and a sweet aioli.  There are also the basics like California roll or Spicy Tuna roll for $4.  I love their Happy Hour mini bomber menu.  Get the Fruit Bomb! - vodka w/ a guava juice chaser.Anyway, I finally got a chance to eat there on a Sunday and take advantage of their Viva Las Vegas promotion - you get 10% off and get to roll a dice and get an additional discount or other prizes.  WELL, after my cousin & I finished our dinner of Fish Shticks and the Deep V roll, we asked about the Vegas promotion.  Of course they would tell me that they don't do any promotions in the months of July & August.  Um, that would've been a good a disclaimer to have on your website!  This would've dropped 1 star from my rating, but I give it 4 stars for the food, mini bombers, & daily happy hour menu.Beware of service on Friday nights though.  They are terrible!  They forget your food orders & are super slow to get drinks.  I understand that the place is super busy on a Friday night, but that's no excuse for the waitresses to take their time flirting with guys rather than coming to check on your table.
3	sushi is better presented than it tastes.if you want to mingle with douchebags and douchebaguettes, sit outside. yes, ed hardy is worn en masse out there.it's a good deal during happy hour tuesday or with a gift certificate from www.localdines.com. remember, you can use those gc's on sun. through thurs. ONLY!
1	My experience at Pearl was absolutely atrocious. The staff was rude, the food took forever, and the food was of mediocre quality.My first impression wasn't negative. I thought the place looked like a decent sushi joint. The bar looked nicely decorated. Finding a table on Friday night required a miracle of biblical scale, so my friends and I sat at the bar. That was understandable given the location and day of the week.Ten minutes later we were asked if we wanted any drinks. Seeing that the place was busy I decided to order as soon as possible. I ordered two rolls and miso soup. The soup took 15 minutes, which was pretty fast for this joint. Forty-five minutes later I finally received the rest of my rolls. I wanted to enjoy my food, but felt inclined to wait as the rest of my party did not receive their food for another twenty minutes. I raised the issue with a lady who apparently manages this place, to which she responded, "this is what it's like when any restaurant is busy". She showed absolutely no care or interest our satisfaction. So to summarize, I'd rather get a root canal then visit this place again. I don't have high expectations when I dine, all I care about is for the food to be decent and timely. That was clearly too much to ask for at Pearl Sushi Lounge.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with Pearl. Their sushi is usually pretty good, and they are by far the cheapest place around for it. The fish is almost always very fresh and it just tastes pretty darn good. Nothing here is super authentic, so I wouldn't go here if you are a die hard sushi snob or grew up in the East, as you will most likely be disappointed. They also have the cheapest drinks in old town. I think the sake bombs are $5! So cheap! Ok, so that was the love part. Now onto the hate...The most obnoxious douche bags in the world come here. Always. Sometimes I think that maybe it will be slow, or maybe the douche bags will be sick of sushi ad not be there. But nope. Always full of yelling bro douches. It also seems like the 17 year olds that come here have really good fake id's... Or maybe it helps that they all somehow seem to be really good friends with the entire staff. Typical shady old town... Any who! I come here because it's cheap, but I must say... Worst crowd ever.Ps everyone that works here is pretty nice, except for one guy that looks like a strung out frat boy, is always wearing a pookah shell necklace, and has a popped collar. He's super grumpy!
1	I have not left a dining establishment as upset as I was when I left Pearl. The experience I had as absolutely horrible. I am not one to make a big deal about nothing and I, more often than not, give people the benefit of the doubt, but I can honestly say I was shocked and EXTREMELY furious after my visit. I bought a localdines certificate to go to Pearl and have been dying to try the place out. They have a great menu and it is in a fun location. The terms on the localdine clearly state that it is ONLY VALID MON-THURS. We went on Tuesday at 7pm, sat down,  I pulled out the coupon and was promptly told by the bartender "we dont accept those on tuesdays" then he walked off. Let me also clarify that while it was 7pm it was not crowded or busy. There was NO ONE else sitting at the bar with us. I waited for him to come back so I could show him that it clearly says on there that it is Valid ONLY MON-THURS. He then notified me that it was in fact NOT valid on Tues or Thurs because they have specials. I explained to him that we drove more than 30 minutes to get there and we could order off the main menu and not get any of the specials if that would be ok....He said it was out of his hands and he couldnt do anything and walked off. A female server chimed in that "there's nothing we can do to help you, its just how it is" then she also just walked away. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?? Not a SINGLE person was willing to talk to us and explain things or give us 2 minutes of their time. The customer service was absolutely ridiculous. I have NEVER been treated so rudely in a situation that I clearly had a right for clarification. Today 10/5/2011 I see that Localdines is featuring Pearl with the SAME coupon that clearly states VALID ONLY MON-THURS. Needless to say, I am making it a point to write a very appropriately rude review about this place. The menu looks amazing, many people have written reviews about the great food....I however, never had a chance to try the food because I couldnt get past the servers who made us feel like we weren't worth their time. Save yourself the snotty Scottsdale attitude and go to Ra, Stingray, Sapporo or Sushi Brokers....they will not only serve you good sushi, they will also be polite.
4	This review is long overdue.. for me anyway. Came here Labor Day weekend, we were itching for some sushi and stumbled across this via the Yelp App. We were NOT disappointed. Sushi rolls were unique and delicious.. we had ; Red Zeppelin (good but not my fave), The Deep V (fantastic) and Peanut Butter and Jellyfish. The PB & J was ridiculously good and could easily be considered dessert sushi. The place was hip and fun and great to people watch. Lot's of 20 somethings wearing nothing but black attire, its like  watching a casting call for Jersey Shore. LOL  But it was fun, not overpriced, good portions and unique rolls. Definitely will return to try some of the other rolls!
4	Let me just start by saying that we frequent this establishment because the sushi is amazing. We always order the sunset strip and sometimes the pearl necklace (spicy jalepenos!) and sometimes the red zeppelin. The pork tacos are pretty freaking amazing, too. The guy who bartends often (I think maybe his name is Steve, but I honestly am not sure if he's ever told us?) is so awesome. Great customer service, always remembers us and chats us up. The owner, however, has been rude to us on several occasions. One time she brought us the wrong beer and wouldn't take it off our bill because she had already opened it and couldn't resell it. I hardly see how that is our fault, but whatever. We let it slide because overall, we always have a good time and the food never disappoints. Also try the sparkling sake, it's a treat. They have a discount card and specials throughout the week as well (Tuna Tuesday, etc.). Parking is never an issue, which is nice in Old Town.
3	The sushi is ok... I have been here 3 times because the price is nice. Tuna Tuesday is cheap too!The fake n bake is the best roll I've had there.
4	Love this place. Hands down my favorite sushi place in old town. Prices are great and the staff is amazing. The rice crispy roll is my favorite.
4	As a person on a budget, this place gets an extra star for their prices. Their constant Happy Hour menu is great. $7 for some tasty rolls? Sold. I'm not much of a sushi snob either, so they can probably get away with being somewhat mediocre and I probably won't even notice. I don't notice much anyway except for shiny objects.Anyway, I went here last night for the 4th time and finally am giving it a review. Particularly because they're doing this neat thing for Christmas - the amount of money you donate to a family you receive back in a giftcard for Pearl Sushi. Donate $5, get $5 to spend there. Good concept, I dig that type of generosity. I don't think their food is outstanding, hence the rating. Particularly their Mango Summer roll was bland. The dipping sauce was good, but the rice paper and noodles were a little dry. This is really the only dish I can truly complain about though. The staff is very very friendly and you'll always win points with me for that no matter what. I can easily get my cheap sushi fix here without spending very much. So I'm all like Hell yeah! To Pearl Sushi.
5	This was some of the best sushi we've ever had! Its was so fresh & they had really unique rolls. The service was outstanding! We got a lot of personal attention and we will definitely go back! Great ambiance, fantastic food, amazing service!
3	We've been here a few times. The decor is very pretty and they offer happy hour "all day every day". There were some special Tuesday night deals which we took advantage of. The escobar sashimi was the best. Flavorful and beautifully prepared. The salmon sashimi tasted like we were eating it on the last possible day, not very fresh tasting, and the tuna sashimi tasted very good but wasn't cut as well. Maybe that's why it was a happy hour special? The knife skills were somewhat lacking and the poor fish looked a little hacked. We initially tried two of the "mantinis" which were $3 each. However we sent them back as they tasted a little medicinal and very bland/watered down. We stuck with the sake bombs for $5, and draft sake for $2. The music they played was great. Our server was lackluster, although our food runner was more personable. We seemed to get better service once two of our friends showed up and our party grew from two to four. Water was refilled once. I could've use more.When our check arrived our server didn't remove the two drinks we sent back. I still gave this place 3 stars as this was probably our worst experience. We've had better dining experiences here in the past.
3	the tuesday night started out slow but the place filled up slowly. this go around, i wasn't all too impressed with our dining experience at Pearl. our server seemed overly rushed and didn't really make eye contact with us the whole evening (even though when we made our first order, there were only maybe 8 people in the restaurant). our food runner was much more friendly and outgoing. we ordered 2 mantinis off their happy hour menu and sent them back. tasted a bit like watered down robitussin. they still wound up on our check. i know, it's only 6 bucks for 2 of them, but they could've just taken them off the check.the food was actually not that great this night. the spring rolls were loosely packed and feel apart immediately. the salmon sashimi was drenched in so much sauce, but still didn't mask that "last day on the menu" cut of fish. the rest of the sashimi was a bit tastier, but cut really ragged for a sushi place. their happy hour is not a bad deal and i like the music of this place. maybe we'll have better luck next time.
4	The sushi was good I enjoy the Half Baked roll. They only thing that was kinda of weird is the owner was our waiter. I feels weird tipping the owner.  But, I guess its hard times for some.
5	Great sushi great bombs! always a good time before heading out!!
5	They happily took in my large group on short notice. The food was good and the bombers are great!
4	Perfect walking distance in Old Town.Overall, a unique sushi place. They have a lot of fun names for their sushi rolls and a lot are spicy. Great for some people, and not for others. The whole happy hour all the time is a bit ridiculous. Prices aren't cheap even with their 24/7 happy hour.Good place to drink and get sushi, though you will find better places for better prices in Old Town.
4	This place is small and rockin', the bar tenders are friendly and quick. The food is delicious and easy for sharing (portions are a great size). I especially like the bomers, the selection of drinks is very unique. The ladies with me also enjoyed a "ladies night" discount. I will defiantly be back for more!
4	Been to Pearl a few times now. And it's always been during their happy hour. I have to say that their happy hour is pretty great. I think I've had a good few items off their happy hour menu and they were delicious. The Korean pork tacos were yummy along with their signature rolls. I particularly like their fish shtick.  And their bombers are pretty delish too. My favorite is cluster bomb.The vibe of the place is pretty awesome and it's a good place to go out to whether is be for happy hour or a place to go to before a night out. It is in Old Town and in the same area as Jackrabbit.
5	At first glance, this place looks like a place you might want to avoid if you're looking for good food--  loud, party-style bar / club atmosphere, full of well groomed, young party people and Maxim magazine subscribers.After being seated at the bar the first night, right off the bat I noticed a very cool, jovial, highly functional working relationship among the employees and a tremendous amount of helpfulness from everybody regarding menu and drink suggestions, etc.  The bartenders mixed up some great concoctions, and they had a nice selection of sakes and beers... in particular an outstanding bottle of cold sake I can't remember the name of, different types of Asahi I had never seen, as well as yummy after dinner inventive "bomber" shot-type drinks, to top off your good mood.The new-style sashimi choices on the menu were so good, we repeated the entire list (excluding only one item)  three times the first night, and three times again the following night.   EXCELLENT FLAVORS-- A true delight to the palate!  So good, in fact, we decided to forgo any nigiri, tatakis, rolls or anything like that..  Good location in downtown Scottsdale from which to go out afterwards, with a belly full of yummy fish, sake, beer, and a couple of bombers under your belt.GREAT FOOD, GREAT SERVICE, FRIENDLY STAFF.  CAN'T WAIT TO COME BACK!!!
4	Garlic Soy Edamame and Steve! Yup two favorites right off the bat. I met a friend of mine for birthday sushi and drinks as we both wanted to try someplace new. Pearl sushi it is as they have Sushi Gone wild on Tuesdays where if you have a Pearl card, you are able to order from a special sushi menu and have $3 Svedka martini's all night. The card is $5 but you earn points every time you eat there with double points on certain nights. Once you reach 500 points they give you $25 in Pearl Cash to use on food and drinks. Sign me up!! The Garlic Soy Edamame was the BOMB! We smelled it as it was being brought out to other diners and we both were like, we want that. I really need to know how to make it as it was VERY good. Steve was a great bartender and he kept our drinks coming. I am telling you, they tasted like fruit punch but those suckers sure had a kick. I woke up this morning with a slight hangover lol. The sushi was pretty good as well and I introduced my friend to some sushi that also had jalapeno in it. Needless to say, he is now a fan of spicy sushi dishes lol. The company, the food, the drinks and the serve was fabulous and I can't wait to come back again. ( I need the points lol)
3	If you are coming for Happy Hour, this place is alright, but there are definitely better Sushi Happy Hour places in Old Town. If you want quality sushi, don't come here. If you want alcohol, this place is alright. As far as service goes, I've had better. And placing orders to-go is not fun here because they usually will ask you for your credit card info over the phone. Not too many places in Old Town do that.
5	BEST SUSHI IN SCOTTSDALE!!! Great Drinks! The owner Tami is the best, remebers all her guests and what they like to drink! It's hip, sexy and atmosphere is awesome, Can go for an intimate dinner or with a group of friends. Or just go to watch a Laker game! Ok, suns game. lol. They food is fresh and I've been coming here since day one! Now that I live in Los Angeles, i still make at least a couplle trips a year to this place! I miss my Pearl Sushi! This place is the best!
5	We love Tammy!
5	I love Pearl and it is by far my favorite place to go for Sushi in all of Scottsdale. The drinks are amazing and the fish is always fresh not to mention the staff is very friendly and I always feel welcomed. I love their calamari salad it is the best. I also like on their happy hour menu their sashimi and have tried them all and have not been disappointed!
1	This is THE FIRST place in my life that has insulted me... There food isn't that good and the bartender Steve had the audacity to tell me I ordered TOO MUCH. WTF? Even though I expressed to him I would take it home if I had to. The interesting part is that through another conversation he gathered that I started going to the gym...therefore HE DECIDED I didn't need more food...hhhmmmm who the hell is he? I spoke to the owner, tammy, on the phone, to try and express the incident...SHE HUNG UP ON ME... after she called another employee back I found out, she commented that she couldn't speak to me bc I was in"bitch mode" Never will I EVER RECOMMEND this place.... They suck are are discriminating and unprofessional and there is nothing left to say.
2	the bottle rockets are amazing, sushi was "ok" -I've had better.they will charge you for hot sauce which I wasn't aware of til the bill was handed out- it's like mcdonalds charging you for ketchup- ridiculous.the only reason I'm giving them more than 1 star is because if their bottle rocketsI will go back again, but only because of the bottle rockets
5	This was a great place in old town to go out and grab a snack and a drink before the night begun. Staff was friendly and nice. Everyone welcomed us as we entered the restaurant. The sushi rolls were also fabulous.
1	Probably the worst sushi in Old Town.  I've lived across the street from Pearl for 4 years and every time I go because of convenience I regret it.  I've even tried ordering take-out but they always seem to miss something in my order which means I have to wait another 10-15 minutes or come back.
4	The atmosphere is laid back without a doubt. Fair prices and deliciousness all over the joint. The servers were great and so were the drink specials. Did someone say, Circus in my mouth?Bravo
3	This is a cute little spot with above average food for the prices. I've been three times now and I have had a good experience each time. Service really seems to depend on which server is helping you. Try the bottle rockets and the pot stickers.
3	Great great happy hour! Fun atmosphere! Great decor and best garlic edamame in the valley!
5	Pearl donated a dinner for 2 to a local nonprofit called Bent But Not Broken. My boyfriend and I went to dinner there and has an absolute blast! Our server was hilarious and really made the night (Nick). We had an awesome 3 hour dinner with tons of apps followed by sashimi and a few martinis. We had fun with the tables on either side of us and laughed a bunch. We are so grateful for Pearl's donation to this nonprofit! We wouldn't have tried as many things as we did had we not had the certificate. But now that we have we will definitely be going back!!! The atmosphere is a blast and the service is great! highly recommend.
4	this place is always fun,cheap and good! honestly you dont go wrong, they play good music and the staff is always nice.
5	I will never go anywhere else for sushi or amazing people. Best sushi bar I have ever been to BY FAR! Everyone I have taken (20+) LOVES the Fish Sticks roll. It is impossible to dislike. I wouldn't go with the Blarney roll just because it is my least favorite thing there. Good, but not great. The Red Zeppelin is fabulous, but ask for it Ryan Style, or just ask them to add pico de gallo. If you can, go on a Tuesday to see Steve Cuomo. Best guy ever. Will do magic tricks at the bar that blow your mind! Great show with the meal, but you will have to sit at the bar. For drinks, I recommend a white cran and cold sake. On Tuesdays, they have buy one round of sake, and the rest are free. Just make sure to sign up with them on FB to get the secret word. If they forget to post it, just remind them that they can only charge you for the first sake!
1	Positive: Nice trendying atmosphere, happy hour specials but not all that great.  Sauces good.Negative: Sushi was low grade, seared Ahi-Tuna was really fish tasting.  Overall - great for drinks but if your looking for quality sushi I do not recommend; save time and money and go to RA or Geisha a GoGo.
2	It says they're open until midnight, so we went at 9:30 tonight.  When we walked in the waiter told us they were on last call.  Their hours are printed on the door, they are open from 4p - CLOSED.   They close at closed.  What the fuck am I supposed to do with that?  The bottle rockets are really good, one star for that.
4	Every employee that we interacted with was extremely friendly and outgoing and get this..... SMILING! who does that anymore???  Anyways-  they all were really fun and made our dining experience so much more comfortable than other snobby places in Scottsdale.  For example: Bungalow Bar and Grill.  I LITERALLY walked into the place and greeted the employees... Isn't that THEIR job?? Ok- I'm getting off topic.  PEARL sushi is good sushi for a tolerable price and has great employees that look happy to be there. SHOUT OUT to our server/bartender Christina Lee.  That girl was so funny!!
3	Okay.. I loved this place so much when I visited last year that I planned my Besties' birthday bash here in August this year. I flew in specifically for this event. There were 10 of us at 8pm. Called to put our name on the list a few hours before as instructed. They were so unorganized it was horrible. We didnt get seated until about 10 pm and by then 2 people had left because they were starving.. By the time we were seated our service finally came together and I have to say we LOVED the unique shots and had almost every one on the menu. As for the food. The Hamachi Popper was by far my favorite. The HUGE disappointment other than the horrible service in the first 2 hours, was the elimination of the PB & Jelly roll. It was the ENTIRE reason I chose this place and they no longer have it! WTF? Had I not had 10 shots I would have been furious. Management was gracious enough to take off a couple shots from our bill for the chaos we had endured. It was appreciated. All in all we had a good time even though it took  forever to get to that point.
1	So here is an updated review. After being served with a nasty message on Yelp from one of the server's friends, manager's kids, or what ever, I have decided that this place isn't even worth the two starts I had originally gave it. Her message goes as follows:"Why can't you just enjoy the food and drinks and stop worrying about the drama (amongst the servers which was clearly apparent). This is Scottsdale, what did you expect? If you want less drama, got to Chandler."First off, the professionalism is beyond lacking. Obviously, she was sticking up for either the restaurant or the servers (either way, I don't care). This restaurant is not worth a damn especially if customers who pay well over $100 have to sit there and listen to all (and I do mean all) the servers gripe about some petty drama. I didn't complain to the manager, because we could barely flag down our server to get utensils let alone find the ringleader. My intentions are not for free food, because frankly nothing could make me go back there. SO BE WARNED ABOUT THIS PLACE! And, if you write an honest review that may be negative, watch out for this nasty little girl shooting everyone messages here on Yelp.
4	I'd been craving sushi for what felt like years so when a friend and I decided to grab dinner I already knew what I wanted.  We typically go to Geisha or Ra but felt like something different so we picked Pearl.  We got there around 7:00 and were able to get seated right away.We started with the Sweet Chili Sambal Edamame which was DELICIOUS!!  It's going to be tough to eat just plain old regular Edamame from this point forward.  Then for our actual sushi we ordered the Crab Daddy, the Fake and Bake and the Spicy Salmon roll.  Two of the rolls came out pretty quickly but then it took about 5-10 minutes for the third to get to us.  The Fake and Bake was definitely the winner of the three, the flavors just blended very well together and the sauces on it were great.  The Spicy Salmon was good, but as it's a pretty standard, not too exciting roll there isn't much to say about that.  I personally wouldn't order the Crab Daddy again because I felt like the asparagus in it was too tough for the delicate sushi around it, my friend liked it though so I would just call that a personal preference.One thing that I definitely loved was that my glass of water never got below half full because our server/bartender (who we later found out was actually the owner!) always made sure to fill it up once it started getting low.  I will definitely be adding Pearl to my frequented sushi locations from this point forward.
3	I went here with a few friends looking to get some appetizers, sushi, and saki bombs. When we walked in, it was pretty packed so we asked the hostess how long it might take to get a table for five. She basically said she had no idea and to just wait until something opened up. Not exactly the best customer service. They don't have a waiting area so we just hung out by the bar and watched some basketball until a table opened up about twenty minutes later. From there on out it was very good. All the food ranged from above average to great and our server was very nice and sarcastic (which I like). Overall, a pretty good experience.
4	My husband and I went here last night for dinner and we LOVED it! We almost didn't go because I read such terrible reviews, but it was nothing like I thought it was going to be. Everyone there was really nice and the food was AMAZING! I highly recommend the rice crispy roll, sooooo delicious. Even my husband loved it and he doesn't like sushi! Everything we got was off the happy hour menu, so needless to say, our bill was pretty inexpensive.The only reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because they forgot one of our rolls, so we had to tell our server, but it was out soon after we told him. Can't wait to go back again!
5	You have to try the edamame Sambal - it's edamame that is soaked in a spicy garlic sauce that is delicious!  Go on a Sunday for the Industry Night specials and it is quite affordable!
4	Favorite sushi in old town. Thursday night is ladies night with half off martinis and certain rolls.
5	Love the sushi atmosphere and prices!
5	Ok I've been here about 10 times and I've never had a bad time! Yes it may be small, for now until they expand (which is in the works), but that actually helps the place with social interaction. The staff is really friendly, they always have specials on drinks, and the sushi is amazing. I personally get a pocket rocket.. sweet and spicy and the iggy pop..  which actually has pop rocks in it! On sundays they have a live DJ and you can get a pbr bomber for $3.. thats a pbr and saki. So super cheap, great atmosphere, nice people, great food.. what else do you need?
1	You know, I have been here before and the sushi was good. BUT EVERYTIME I ORDER TAKEOUT, MY FOOD IS RIDICULOUSLY HORRIBLE.The first time I ordered takeout, it was okay. Nothing to go nuts about. The second time, my California roll literally tasted like soap and it was warm. Yuck. I decided to give them the benefit of the doubt and order once more (only because Stingray sucks and RA has terrible service)...okay, my rice was soo sticky on the rolls that I choked on it...like they put superglue on my rice and it didn't finish drying... and my spicy tuna was literally dark brown. Totally unacceptable.C'mon Pearl...I thought you were better than that.
5	We almost did not go because of the 3 star yelp rating. It was awesome! And happy hour had great deals!! Fun cool vibe... Great sushi
2	Cindy 's review is spot on. They just lack class at this establishment. Our server told us they were closed and the bar tender had to remind him what time they served food until. So the two stars are for the bartender. There are just too many sushi places in the area to be treated poorly. The food was decent, the price was fine, I am just too old for bad service by a waiter who sniffles and talks rapidly without ever making eye contact. Grow up, clearly you still want to be in college, but you're not.
4	I'm a fan of Pearl but your new hostess sucks. Love love love Pearls food and drinks, been going for almost 4 years, however the last time I was in the hostess was AWFUL! Our party of 7 almost left cause she was so rude and would not help us out and also continued to talk to another server about us shielding her face behind a menu... Hello middle school. Thankfully the rest of our experience was good thanks to our server and food! (Server had blonde hair and happy to help attitude). Check your hostess at the door- not a fan.
5	I hate how much I love this place. I am always here, and I am always embarrassed by how HAPPY I get at Happy "Hour" (quotes because it's always happy hour prices at Pearl). Now since I've adequately exaggerated about how in love I am with Pearl.. the details: The atmosphere is kinda out-datedly trendy. Something I'd imagine to see in the favorite spot for the cast of "Real World: Scottsdale" if it were set in 2005. Not really a complaint so much as an observation. Also, and not at all that it's important, purple is my least favorite color, and literally the whole theme of this spot. I digress.Food is amazing for the price. I don't go here to get my fix on the freshest sashimi in town.. I go here for fish, deep fried and covered in some sort of spicy mayo or sweet sauce.. nontraditional rolls. Favorites include: Fish Shticks, Pocket Rocket, Rice Crispy. For appetizers: Rock Shrimp, and Bottle Rockets. nom nom nom nom.. amazing.For drinks, saki bombs. Kirin Light and hot saki.. *love*.. I think there's some kind of foursquare check in offer for free saki. My friends used it last time, but even without it the prices here are totally reasonable so it doesn't really matter. Finally, I have to say H-E-L-L-O to the bearded bartender, whose name I should probably know. He smiled at me real friendly like last time I was in, which makes me think I probably hit on him or did something shameful on my previous visit, but he is really pretty and a damn good bartender. The rest of the staff is pretty great too. Christina, waitress, adorable, so nice, so good, asks your name and actually remembers it next time you come in. The down to earth waitress with the curly hair couldn't be nicer. The overly excited waitress who is always overly excited.. I mean the point is, the staff is great. I think the hostess with the permanent frown could be done without, but I'm not so concerned since I deal with her for about 15 seconds before being well on my way to the best happy hour in town!
1	This is literally the worst dining experiences have ever had. Pearl was recommended to us by a few friends n the menu looked pretty good. We stopped in about 6:30 on a Saturday night and were going to have dinner but within the first five minutes of being there changed our plans to drinks and just a roll or two. The reason being two things - the people who were dining there and the service.  The people at the table next o us had clearly come in much MUCH earlier in the day or "all day happy hour" and were feeling the effects. They probably should have been cut off but were still going, much to the dismay of the rest of the diners. Then the service. Really so many issues here, first, the host greeting us and then just walking away from us, I assumed she was taking us to our table, but she didn't communicate that and stopped to chat with some f the servers while we awkwardly stood behind her. Then she snapped when we didn't follow her as she started walking again. It took us forever to get drinks once at our table,and once we did order we watched the sit at the bar or at least 20 minutes because our server didn't pick them up. It wasn't because she was slammed either, we watched her chatting with the other waitstaff,nine if whom could've bothered with their tables. We also were witness to the host going off about giving her two weeks notice and how much she hated this place, that explains her attitude. On top of all of this there was no manager at all, makes sens why there was such bad service.From reading other reviews it doesn't seem like our experience was all that unique, it seems like the people who OMG LOOOOVE this place love that they can get drunk on the cheap. If you want Anything beyond a failing bar with mediocre food I'd go elsewhere.
5	Love Tuna Tuesdays!!
1	RUDE RUDE RUDE! Did I mention rude? First off we we not "allowed" to sit at the bar to wait for our table and were told 3 times very rudely that it would be just one second. Our waitress was nice and attentive, at first. We had a party of 8 and they will not split the check, that's OK. Well it took a minute to split the check correctly, and the waitress came over 3 different times to see if "we were done yet". Once we settled our $250+ bill we were in the midst of gathering our things to leave and the waitress came over again to tell us that we needed to leave because other people were waiting for the table. Will not be back even after they expand. Very pretentious, drinks were not very good, although sushi was good.
5	This was the first place that I ever ate at in Scottsdale and let me tell you it definitely has the best sushi in town. Amazing seaweed salad, servers are nice, and the bombers are awesome! I love going here to pregame and get dinner before a night out!
4	Great tasting food, great drinks, and great service!
1	Not a fan of this place AT ALL. The moment i walked in i knew i was going to hate this place.The outdoor patio is dated and needs a good power wash. Our waitress (Jennifer) was really really really hyper. Tone it down honey. She offered us the drink special, which was red or white sangria for $4 each; both my friend and I ordered the white. It was NOT sangria it was more like fruit juice and no fruit in the drink. LAME. I then ordered this "sex on the peach" and it was by far the worst drink I've ever had in my life, it was the strongest, almost undrinkable synthetic peach flavored drink on this earth. I took two sips and didn't touch it again. It sat on the table for 20 mins. I asked the waitress to take it off the bill and the management refused. Ticked me off. Spent $90 bucks on sh*t food.The sushi was flavorless and unexciting. The pork tacos tasted like wet dog, how they managed that was beyond me. Luckily I live clear across the country and I never have to go here again.
1	We have been to Pearl many times and always found mediocre service but the food has always been pretty good. Tonight was the last time I will ever go to Pearl. We received 3/5 rolls and then nothing for about 30 minutes. We were patient and finally asked that if they weren't being made, we would just take the check and skip the other two. Tracy (male) our server had no idea what we had even ordered. He then asked why our el diablo roll was half eaten. We said we did not really like it. He returned a while later with the check, no discount applied for half of our dinner missing or the food we didn't like. We put a card down right away and he continued to flirt with the table next to us. Needless to say we won't be back. There is better sushi in Old Town with much better service. Very disappointing night.
5	Amazing! I have no idea what is up with all these negative reviews !!! I've been going here for many years and I can honestly say I've never tried better especially for the prices they offer and quality of the sushi !  Let you be the judge for yoursel. Some people just rate because one bad thing happened and rate so poorly
1	Awe I hate writing bad reviews.... I know they hurt :(I am writing because I REALLY wanted to like this place. I have heard good things from a good friend of mine.Went here on a date with my lovely girlfriend for a girls night out. Light sushi fare and cocktails. Ordered the Porn Star martini, love the name... hated the drink... was there any vodka in it? NO... it was watermelon juice.Our waitress left us hanging high and dry when it came to ordering food and new cocktails....She seemed off of her meds. The runner brought us the wrong food TWO times... and took 45 minutes for the right ones to be served.Again, I am sorry for the bummer review but I wont be returning for slow service or bad food and cocktails.
2	I was a little disappointed in Pearl.  The sushi was outstanding but the presentation, service and environment left much to be desired.  First, the good.  They had a very large selection of sushi and all day happy hour.  Our food was excellent.  However, the resultant was so hot, we almost felt nauseous by the time we were finished eating.  The plates that our food arrived on were badly chipped.  The waiter kept touching us (patting on back/brushing against us) which was uncomfortable.   The last issue was that our soup was served after we received our entrees which was very odd.  Over all, I probably won't be back to Pearl.
1	Terrible sushi and the drinks have no alcohol in them.  It's cheap, and somehow you still manage to get less than what you paid for.
1	I'll start with the end of our evening to save you some time. Me: "We came outside because a roach crawled across my shoulder, and now we're talking because another roach scurried across my girlfriend's feet." "Owner"/manager lady: "You're trying to get free food and it's not going to happen."   Despite the apparent bug problem and the Owner, whom is obviously omniscient, this place is still the worst excuse of a sushi bar. Perhaps it was my confrontation with an ignorant owner that ruined everything else, but you have MUCH BETTER OPTIONS in Old Town. Perhaps pre-gaming in a trash can will get your night rolling better.
4	Great martinis and sushi. A little small although it doesnt bother me if you don't like to sit inside they have a patio as well. The sushi is fresh and they have a great happy Hour! The bartenders are fantastic!
1	If I could give zero stars I would. The staff is rude and inappropriate, they insulted our friend repeatedly and made sexual remarks that were just wrong. Tammy, the manager, is rumored to prey on young guys and treats customers who complain with disrespect. They're no good and overpriced.
1	I have heard great things about Pearl Sushi and have wanted to check it out for quite some time. So I finally went there and was very very disappointed. When I first arrived was not greeted or directed where to go, I went and sat at a high top that was the only one open besides a table that was dirty from the previous guests. When I sat down they asked if it was just the 2 of us and told us it was reserved for bigger groups. So we asked to sit at the dirty high top and they Said that would be fine and would clean it off. We stood at the bar for 10 minutes before they got around to clean it off. The table was left wet. When we finally sat down our server didn't greet us and was extremely rude when taking our order. She was the worst waitress I have ever had and couldn't Believe she even have a job as a serving because she had the worst attitude and obviously wasn't happy to be there. The sushi was average and slow service. Finally we left and were bombarded by people coming in and had a hard a hard time getting out the door because of the way the restaurant was set up. All in all was this place had the worst service, worst set up, and was not worth the money.
3	I will give this place three stars because I've always enjoyed it - but I think that is because I came in with the right expectations.  This is a loud, boisterous, social type atmosphere that is perfect for a fun night out with friends.  The quality of the food and drinks is above average.  The service can be a bit frustrating at times.  I have never sat in the main dining room and have always opted for sitting at the bar because I was looking for a fun, relaxed night out filled with drinks and nibbles of food.  They have a VERY reasonably priced happy hour and reverse happy hour.  It is a great place for gathering friends to get a little rowdy before going out in Scottsdale.  However, I think this place would be HORRIBLE for a romantic date, children, etc.  And I would recommend sitting at the bar and ordering food because you are in their direct line of vision and I think it improves the service.
2	When we drove up to Pearl for the first time, it appeared very upscale, lighting, high ceilings, modern furniture. However, not so much. The decor tries to be upscale, but the plastic dishes and junk cluttering the walkway to the patio brings it down. Service is excellent, but there is no gluten free menu, and staff is not aware of gluten free items, except for gluten free soy sauce. Food was fine. Lots of fun drinks. If they are trying to appeal to the average working non-celiac patron, they've succeeded.
1	This place has been closed for over a year! Yelp, you need to update your website more often.
