3	The location/ambiance: It's located somewhat between the financial district and the old port, so if you're there for sightseeing or business it's a decent choice for a nice meal out. The place is classy (lots of warm tones - brown, copper) without being too pretentious. It's not too cramped, but we were there on a Monday night so the crowd was sparse anyhow.The food: I enjoyed the food for the most part, some dishes definitely were better than others and there were a few disappointments along the way. The warm potato salad with marinated octopus was out of this world. It was bursting with flavor and was more octopus than potato salad in the end. The goat cheese starter was also very nice, though quite rich. For entrees, we had the lobster ravioli and the fish & chips. The ravioli was fine, but nothing special. I didn't care for the presentation or the mass of onions in the dish. The fish was nicely done and melted in your mouth. Dessert was a brownie with chocolate ice cream and some sort of raspberry sauce. This was the worst part of the meal and it really lacked a deep chocolate flavor. The service: This is where the whole experiences goes a bit awry. We're seated promptly by a stiff maitre d' and then wait for 20 minutes for anyone to come take a drink order or tell us about the specials. Finally the maitre d' comes over and says something off-putting like, "Looks like you're anxious to order" and takes our orders without telling us the specials. The food comes promptly and was true to the menu. We receive no other service until halfway through our entrees I finally flag down a waiter to order another drink. Apparently, he was our waiter but this was the first time he spoke to us, as he was busy flirting with other patrons. One of the drinks was delayed until our entrees were nearly completed. For dessert, he reeled off a long list instead of giving us a menu. Only during dessert were we ever asked how the food was. The waiter was jovial but he was not good at his job service wise.  This is hard to rate because the food was overall very good but the rest of the experience I would never want to re-live.  Average.
4	Went here on a Thursday  night after walking past a lot of the restaurants along the port street.  Holder was much bigger, busier, and had more life that many of the places (and was slightly recommended).  My experience was a little bit mixed.  They are obviously quite busy, so you aren't going to get the most personalized service here.  The food is solid and everyone is running around busy, and the place has a bustle about it.  I had the buffalo mozzarella and tomato salad which was excellent.  The main course, a "stew" dish was a little boring, but filling at least.  Our desserts were pretty good.  Nothing over-the-top impressive.  Wasn't blown away or anything, but its a good place to go to be around a lot of people in a big open and modern warm space.
4	This was my second visit to Holder, but my first review.  The temp outside was a wonderful 18 degrees as we strolled from our hotel to the restaurant only a block up the street (thank goodness).  The dining room was warm and inviting as we hung our parkas in the coat room.  There is a good variety of banket, center table and bar seating.  There are wonderful copper accents in the room and the lighting is an interesting pattern of iridescent glass and metal. My choices from the menu were simple and rustic which fit my desire for comfort food due to the cold weather.   I started with a Grey Goose dirty martini, and my normal 3 olives...the olives were not the usual gigantor ones served locally here in NOVA, these were quite petite and as I bit into my first one off the skewer I realized it was not pitted!  I don't mind, but it helps to know ahead...and let's face it spitting those out in your hand isn't too graceful in public.  But the bartender did my drink justice...dry and oh so dirty, and the glass was full...yummm.My starter was a vegetable soup with a great beefy tomato broth as the base, nice touch of sage in the background, salted and peppered to perfection.  The veggies were rough chopped including scallions, zucchini, chunks of tomato, petite lima beans and julienne mushrooms. The steaming bowl was topped with fresh shaved parmesean.Main course consisted of beef cheeks (no, not the ones you sit on silly) bourguignon style.  This is classic French cooking...this method slowly simmers the beef in wine which tenderizes cuts of meat that would have been too tough to cook any other way.  The flavor of carrots, garlic and onions came shining through in the wonderful sauce that draped over the mashed potatoes like a velvet sheath.  Simply paired with the beef and mashers were haricovert....green beans folks!  I tried to figure out if the chef had actually used a burgundy, as the rich sauce could have been done with a good cabernet instead.All in all the meal was everything I wanted that evening and since I'm headed to Montreal on a regular basis I will probably go again.  The nice thing here is that the staff instantly recognizes us Americans and quickly opts out your French menu for one in English....Merci!
5	This place ranks highly on our list of great dining experiences for my boyfriend and I. We came here on a Sunday evening and were seated immediately next to the window. The restaurant is spacious and beautiful. The server was excellent and he was very helpful. We began our meals with two amazing appetizers. Both the foie gras with gingerbread and beef tar-tare were out of this world GOOD! It was culinary bliss and we haven't even reached our entrees yet. For the main course, we ordered the halibut (not on the menu, but was on the chalkboard) as well as the pappardelle with mushrooms. They were so delicious - it makes my mouth water just describing it.  We also had coffee at the end of our meal and the final tab was surprisingly low for what we thought we were going to pay.  Overall, Holders is a great place to enjoy what Montreal has to offer.
1	As Lisa N points out, the Foie Gras with gingerbread was executed well.  Unfortunately, any sous chef should be able to execute this dish and the pairing is practically a standard.  The warm potato and octopus salad was meh.  Tender octopus was muted by an ocean of mustard sauce.The meal went downhill from there.For main courses we ordered the Lobster ravioli and the Roasted Scallops.The ravioli were edible though they tasted as though they were purchased from a distributor rather than made fresh.The scallops were a complete disaster.  Listed on the menu as "Roasted scallops, saffron sauce, leek "confits", spinach" they were served wrapped in bacon.  While that's not a crime in and of itself, it is problematic when patrons may not eat pork products and that is not listed on the menu.We're not helpless or zealots - so we cut the bacon off and began to eat but the scallops were cooked past well done and rubbery.  We left the plate practically untouched.For dessert we ordered the fruit salad with sherbert and the runny butterscotch cake in order to hedge our bets and I'm glad we did.The cake was fine if not good but the fruit salad was a disgrace to chefs everywhere.A plate of day old cut fruit replete with the juice that had leaked out of them as they died a slow death.  The plating was that of a school cafeteria - slopped on the plate.  If one eats with their eyes first, my eyes were disgusted.I would not recommend this place, nor trust the opinions of those who do.
5	Such a shame Yelp does not have Canadian presence yet... I'm sure the locals have lots to say about this gem amidst their city.Knock. My. Socks. Off.  That is what Holders did to me.I started with a roast vegetable gazpacho topped with goat cheese- heaven!  (Although my sister found it too similar to salsa)Next up was lobster ravioli with a truffle oil sauce while my sister had her usual steak-frites.A bottle of Brouilly and we walked out the door with a bill under $100!  How fantastic to be able to eat in such luxury without paying too much money!
5	Had lunch here yesterday and was really impressed.Atmosphere: Really warm and welcoming...with slight illusions of grandeur without going nuts. Essentially, my kind of place!Food: Everything on the menu looked amazing...so I decided to order based on, what I like to call, food window shopping.  Aka...I'll have what that guy's having.  I went with the daily soup to start - a tasty carrot and sweet potato bisque, then had the grilled salmon for main. That salmon was made to perfection...one of the best I'd ever had...the word scrumptious comes to mind.  And the mashed potatoes and the citrusy butter drizzle was delish as well.Service: We were seated promptly and out waiter was super attentive...he even took the time to explain each special in French and English - which I said wasn't necessary but he said he didn't mind since it would help me (since I can only catch every other word or so). It was a very busy lunch hour but he also took the time to come back and check on us more than I would've expected given the number of people there.Verdict: Would definitely come back again!
4	Excellent French food for my first visit to Montreal!
3	Very brisk for Christmas lunch. I strongly recommend reservations. It is very humourous that they would turn us away when the place was empty when we walked in (see picture). But clearly a popular place and by the time we left every table in the place was full. Without a reservation in busy Christmas lunch season I would recommend a reservation for anything more than 2 people. We sat at the bar.Expensive lunch:$10 soupLunch special $19 soup and pastaFood was ok.... one of my colleagues had to send the lunch special back and the meat was raw. To their their credit they did check shortly after the first bite and were quick to bring a new plate out.I have great respect for restaurants that have staff that can recognize a problem quickly. I think this was reflected in the tip.
3	Pretty good place.  I would probably give it 3.5 stars if I could.  Busy atmosphere.   I had the salmon tartare with french fries and was pleased with the meal, but not blown away.  Not overly expensive, but I would not consider this place to be a good deal.
4	Great atmosphere, friendly staff, hot french canadian chicks littering the joint, and most of all, great food.I wish I had something funny to say about this place, but I was pretty buzzed.  The foie gras on gingerbread was super good though - which is all I can remember.Would I eat here again, absolutely.
4	Second time here and it still ranks right up there! This is a really great experience for those of you looking for a lively place with great French food! Unfortunately, I will not return, but it's not because I don't like to food! It's because there are too many other places to eat!
3	I ordered moules frites (mussels and fries), but unfortunately they were out, so I got the lobster ravioli. It tasted fine, but a forgettable dish. I had the creme brulee for dessert. Also tasted nice, but forgettable. My dining companions really liked their dishes. I snagged a few fries from a friend and the fries were indeed very crispy, tender, and delicious. *sigh* It just made me wish I could have had my moules frites. The restaurant has a lovely old-fashioned moneyed old boys' club feel. I think it's all the big heavy food and impressively large bar. The service was pretty good overall, especially considering how large our party was.
3	this place was alright. The staff seemed alright for the most part. The food we got was ok. I had an issue with the fish being a bit rubbery, but the rest of the stuff was ok. I would go back again, but it would have to be when its quieter cause we could hardly hear each other over all the people talking so loudly
5	Food and service were rock-solid the night we were there. Serves a big menu of bistro/brasserie fare. Prices are reasonable for what you get. More importantly, the food is expertly prepared and served.Located in a huge space with lots of tables so it was a bit on the loud side. But it seems like a great place to meet friends.
3	Beautiful restaurant in an equally beautiful building. Came with 3 coworkers on a Weds. night around 7 and was glad to have a reservation - the place was pretty crowded.We all started off with some Canadian beer and decided to skip appetizers. 3 of us ordered the T-bone & pommefrites, another ordered tilapia. No sooner had I sipped my beer, my entree was set down in front of me. A little too quick, I felt like there was no time to relax.T-bone was so-so....cut very thin. Since I asked for mine rare, it was barely cooked (obviously) and not hot, the butter they put on top wouldn't really melt.Pommefrites were also nothing special...flavor was there but they were more soggy than crispy.Overall, fun/nice atmosphere with mediocre food; I think you can do better.
5	Went here for lunch and the food was absolutely great! The server was very nice and honest with his suggestions. The main courses were about $20 each. The taste, presentation and first class service were top notch for such a great price.
4	Came here last Friday night around 8pm with a group of 10.  Hopping with people and a great atmosphere.  Not the place to go for a quiet dinner as it was quiet noisy but maybe that was our group making all the noise!  Food was good although I found it pricey for what I got.  I had the Lamb special which was great but not good enough for $30.  Service was surprisingly attentive given how busy they were.  We were settling in for a 20-30 minute wait at the bar (yes, we showed up w/o a reservation) when our table came up after only a 5 minute wait!Tried my friends Talapia and it was quite nice and more reasonably priced that the Lamb special.  Steaks were reportedly good as well.I will definitely return next time I am in town.
4	Came here on a Friday for lunch while on a business trip to Montreal. Given that it's in the financial district (Old Montreal), the crowd felt appropriately corporate. The ambiance was lively and the service was prompt and accurate.I had the Beef Cheek, which was excellent. It was served on a bed of mashed potatoes and haricots. The sauce was a bit too savory, but didn't overpower the meat, which was so tender that I didn't even need to use my knife. Overall, my palate was pleased.This is a good venue for business meetings and casual meals, but wouldn't be my first pick for a romantic night out.
4	Came out the snowy cold to the most delicious moule frites (mussels and fries).  The mussels were delicious!  Be sure to ask for some bread to help soak it up.  Mmmm.  The frites were perfectly cooked, but not quite crispy enough.  Maybe cooked a little while ago?  Served with mayonaise, of course.  About $16.  I also had a nice, but small, glass of semillion-chardonay for $6.  I did not leave hungry.  I only wich I had room for creme brulee.The restaurant is very nice with colorful, subdued lighting.  The bilingual staff was excellent and friendly.
4	Fantastic! I enjoy visiting this place when I'm in Montreal!
4	Restaurant Holder in Montreal (via www.halifood.com)During my recent birthday weekend, spent in beautiful Montreal, I managed to have a somewhat impromptu celebratory dinner at one of the city's trendier bistros: Holder. Being one of the restaurants that I had stumbled upon during my pre-trip online research, I was excited to physically stumble upon it as well, while taking a snowy stroll through Old Montreal on the Saturday night of our long weekend. The frigid temperature and proximity of Holder to our accommodations, the W Montreal, might have also played a part in our quick decision to jump in and try Holder - that, and the fact that a customer just leaving the restaurant, who eyed us eyeing the menu, excitedly approached us to vouch for the bistro as a must-try. We were sold.We entered Holder with cautious anticipation, it was eerily quiet on the streets of the city and it wasn't exactly tourist season, even in Montreal - we weren't sure what kind of atmosphere awaited us behind those doors. Once through the entrance, the loud bustle and conversations of an absolutely packed restaurant erupted in our ears. We walked into a full-on, middle-of-a-Saturday-night rush, in downtown Montreal - and there wasn't a seat in the house. Actually, there was ONE left... a high-top for two on the bar side that we happily accepted. The menu was very French, which was absolutely fine because I had a desire to try salmon tartar for the first time on this trip, and Holder was one of several bistros I noticed had it on their menu in downtown Montreal. My mind was made up on that pretty quickly. To begin the meal, I chose the salad of new potatoes and marinated octopus. (Pardon the photos - all done on my trusty iPhone).My dinner date started with Holder's take on insalata capresa, throwing in arugula and figs for good measure - a very nice addition. My potato and octopus salad featured a surprisingly nice grainy mustard vinaigrette with lots of tang; enough to balance the rich texture and flavour of the octopus, as well as the starchy potatoes.The salmon tartar was done with yogurt and Mujjol caviar, and served with a lovely baguette crisp and micro greens. The flavour was decadent and rich, the perfect match for the crisp bread.  I love the texture of raw fish and the essence of salmon, so I also had no troubles eating it straight from my fork with no accompaniment. My date opted for a very French beef cheek bourguignon with mashed potato and mini green beans. Our server had assured him the beef cheeks were actually a Holder specialty, a dish that had been helping them to earn their reputation. I don't think a bite was left on the plate when he was done.As you know, I'm not easily sold on dessert. To be completely truthful, I couldn't even finish my tartar, however, it was my birthday dinner and so I was talked into splitting something sweet. We ordered the chocolate mousse with coffee ice cream, and were presented with a very cute dish - the perfect size in my opinion. The mousse actually wasn't a mousse at all, and after asking our server about this he explained that there isn't quite a direct translation from english to french for the word mousse. This was more of a ganache, the texture being much more dense than a real mousse, and the flavour very decadent. The house made coffee ice cream was very nice, and the tiny chocolate-covered coffee bean on top an adorable touch. I suppose I was happy after all that we finished off the meal with a little something sweet.Back out into the frigid streets of Old Montreal, softened by wine consumption, full bellies and the sight of that beautiful drifting white snow against the frozen cobblestone sidewalks.(photos on www.halifood.com)
5	I spent the past weekend in Montreal on a girls' getaway weekend, hoping for only 2 things: good food and good times. Thanks in part to Holder Restaurant Bar, those wishes were granted. We stumbled upon this gem on our search for a Saturday brunch spot that could accommodate our group of 7. The menu was a nice size - a decent selection without being overwhelmed by choices, and the wait-staff was attentive. (I should also note that we had a gluten-free diner in our midst and they were very helpful in meeting her dietary needs and restrictions.) I had one of the omelets, served with choice of croissant, baguette or fresh bread and homemade preserves, a ramekin of fresh fruit and a portion of potato au gratin. The omelet was huge - fluffy and delicious, the fruit was fresh, the homemade preserves were a delight, and the potato au gratin was to die for - potatoey/cheesey/salty goodness... a fabulous way to start any day. All that plus coffee and tip came to under $20. The entire group (that's 7/7) was SO impressed with the quality and value of the food, and we all hope to be back sometime soon.
5	Can't wait to go back to Montreal so I can spend another night at Holder.  Love the place.  Was a perfect night with perfect dish after dish.  Especially loved the Salmon tartare with yogourt and Mujjol caviar, great to chase with the Lobster ravioli, beurre blanc and truffle oil.
4	Came here for brunch - the eggs benny are to die for (although I'll ask them to go a bit heavier on the hollandaise next time).  Just delish!  My friends ordered the omelettes and frittatas - both delish also.  Can't go wrong!
4	In town only for two nights, wearing shorts and tshirts like typical American tourists but were treated just fine by the nice staff at Holders.  Visited about 7pm on a Sunday night.  Full English staff and menu.  Wife got the lobster ravioli ($21).  Portion was on the small side, but tasty.  I got the mussels and frites.  Outstanding!  Some might complain that the frites were a little on the soggy side however, I prefer them that way.  Also got the mozzarela, tomato, arugula and fig salad to split ($11).  Extensive wine and bar, but didn't order adult beverages.  I observed most other patrons either ordered the mussels as well, or got the steak and frites.   This seems to be in the business/banking district and I assume popular at lunch.  I found it far enough from the Old Montreal tourist area to weed out the other Ugly Americans like ourselves  ha ha!  For a quasi-upscale French/Canadian restaurant, this was great without breaking the bank.
5	Holder Restaurant is an awesome bistro in Old Montreal. The menus come in either English or French and the server will determine by looking at you which menu to give you :p.Our waiter was quite knowledgeable about the menu and the wine list but we balked at the expensive Burgundy and went with the Chateau de Cedres instead but the waitress gave us a pretty sour look about that.Nonetheless, that didn't impact the quality of our food - awesome steak tartare, carpaccio, lobster ravioli and beef cheeks. Great dessert too - I had the Sucre a la creme, which is basically fudge and nuts. I've heard it can get really noisy. I'd just say it was lively. I would definitely come back.
5	We were staying at the trendy Place d'Armes hotel in the Vieux Port/Old Montreal and only had one night in the city. We asked the concierge for recommendations for a semi-casual French cuisine restaurant in the area (we weren't in the mood for over-the-top dining at Club Chasse et Peche, Toque, etc). She recommended Holder. Absolutely fantastic! Food was delicious, all wait staff were very attentive, and price was extremely reasonable ($120 for 2, including $40 bottle of champagne, tax & tip). We ordered cream of asparagus soup with crab and ham (great depth of flavor), beef cheek bourguinon (amazingly flavorful and tender), duck confit on a bed of arugula with potatoes, and fish soup (the only disappointment, since it was too fishy---think anchovy taste instead of a delicate fish soup). The waiter recommended a butterscotch tart/ice cream dessert---delicious combo of hot and cold!We will definitely return on our next trip back Montreal.
3	Nice ambience, good (not great) food.  So the biggest caveat is that in its yelp posting, it says "Good for kids: Yes."  I believe that I need to clarify that this is right only if your child is potty trained.  There is no changing table in their bathroom. The hostess was kind enough and told us to use the banquette we were sitting on to change our daughter's poopie diaper.  She was obviously being accomodating, and stated that she let people do that all the time.  I'm not sure how many customers would like to smell poop during dinner, but we had to do it anyway.  So I apologize to all of those who were there the night we ate there.Another interesting note is that they seated those of us with kids in the back area.  Every single table in our section had a child with them. It seemed odd but somewhat understandable.  That way, the kidless could "enjoy' their meal without being interrupted, I suppose.I ordered the braised short rib. It was ok. I probably ordered the "wrong" thing because I could have done it better myself at home. However the steak tartare was quite tasty and a good portion size!  My daughter had the salmon which was perfectly cooked and the haricot verts were al dente!Probably won't be back but it was a good meal, but not outstanding.Thank you to the kind hostess who let us change her in the open... but this may not make your patrons happy.
3	Decent place for lunch.  Lively environment. Friendly, professional staff.
2	Very disappointed. I went several years ago and it was good. I went last night and it was nothing close to the same experience. Our waiter was useless. He wasn't present at all. I asked for rum & coke, he brings me apple juice. Tired of waiting for him I actually get up and walk over to the back for some coke. The food was fair. Nothing special. The owners were nowhere to be seen and it showed. There appeared to be some kind of a manager lurking around. But he clearly was not concerned about the professionalism and efficiency of his staff. I gave a 2 star review because the first time I went it was 4. But last night was a 1. Good luck.
5	Holder is a large Bistro style restaurant with great service and even better food. Not terribly expensive either. We had a $28 bottle of wine! I had the caprese salad and the steak tartar. Both were exceptional; the tomatoes delicious and flavorful, the tartar was traditionally seasoned but the egg was already mixed in (which is fine by me). A really nice variety of desserts too. I only tried the lemon tart and it was wonderful.
5	my buddy and i came here for dinner recently since it was close by to our conference hotel.. we were seated promptly despite not having reservations and it was relatively packed house.. service was prompt and friendly.. my buddy got the duck confit and i got the beef cheek bourguignon.. the execution was spot.. the duck confit was crispy, ducky and beautifully prepared... my beef cheek bourguignon was phenomenal.. really a simple dish.. but the beef was ridiculously tender.. the braise was rich and hearty.. all this was washed down with beer.. if i'm back in montreal.. i'd definitely head back here.. it seems like it was packed with locals
3	LOUD! good spot for wine and appetizers
5	This has to be one of my top fav meals ever.Started with the french onion soup.  (it's not just called onion soup in Montreal...?)  Wasn't served scalding, which is good, who wants to stare at their food in front of them for 5 minutes so they don't burn themselves?  Traditional serving with a top layer of bread below the cheese...  cheeze wasn't super stringy, broth wasn't overly salty.Salmon tartar was amazing.  I could eat a bowlful of this.  Could have included more croustini, but bread is included with service anyway.Lobster ravioli as the main.  So buttery and delicious, I felt guilty eating it.  My stomach was fighting a battle of being full yet still wanting more.
4	Lobster ravioli and gnocchi (special) are great treats. They do beef tartar very well here. Great staff and service.
4	We popped in on a rainy night and were able to find a table. It appears they seat their customers by language-- French in one section, English in another. No big deal- just an observation. The food is good and is served quickly. The grilled vegetable couscous with merguez is delicious! Holder is very generous with the amount of merguez they serve. mmmmm!
4	Awesome brasserie with good value. Would eat here again. Good for a first date or on a romantic weekend to Montreal without being overly soppy.It's certainly got that 'French' feel to it and the food was very nice too...
3	Steak on a Sunday! Took our reservations and upon arrival we were seated promptly. Great appetizers, and we both ordered a steak each. Unfortunately they were overcooked, and the floor manager came over and apologized profusely, agreeing with the fact and didn't charge us for the meal. Based on the fact that I had been there in previous years and always had great food and service, I'll easily go back!
2	We were visiting Montreal from and went to Holder for our belated Valentines day dinner on February 18/12. We ordered a nice bottle of wine, a steak tartare appetizer, and salmon dish and a mahi mahi special for mains. The food was fresh. However, it was busy, so sometimes empty plates waited on our tables and wine glasses sat empty while our waiter was MIA... Not a deal breaker though. However - partway through our meal a waiter that was refilling water glasses tipped a full glass over and it landed in my lap. Staff were quick to respond and give us a new table cloth/chair etc... The waiter who spilled it, of course, sincerely apologized for the accident and directed me to the washroom where they had hand dryers so I could try and dry myself off. I was not impressed that they did not offer to comp us anything for this. Even a drink, dessert or the appetizer we had already enjoyed being deducted from our bill would have been an appreciative gesture. I instead had to spend the rest of the evening with wet jeans and we were left not feeling overly impressed.We enjoyed the food, but we would probably try another restaurant before returning to Holder again.
4	Beautiful place for brunch with a French bistro feel, like Balthazar in NYC.  The servers are ethereally beautiful and the breakfast options are congruent with most brunch places.  They serve soft boiled eggs on egg cups which add a novel and nostalgic touch.  I had the Eggs Benny, which were textbook good and my boyfriend had eggs with bacon and he raved about how the bacon was wonderfully smoked.  He also had cafe au lait, which he enjoyed so much that he was contemplating ordering a few more but he had the temerity to stop himself.  All in all, it was a very nice and relaxing place to enjoy yourself and people-watch since there was a high number of very good-looking patrons while I was there.
5	Holder has great atmosphere and a great menu, fantastic service. Definitely call ahead for reservations, ideally not the same day. We called earlier on a Saturday and the earliest available was 9:30pm.The salad with parmesan flakes is great. For cold appetizers, highly recommend the gravlax with yellow beets. For a hot appetizer, try the warm goat cheese dish, or the calamari. The tilapia entree was perfectly cooked and well seasoned. For dessert, the Bulgarian yogurt with honey and nuts is different but  a good choice of something new.
4	The food at Holder was definitely above par. I really enjoyed my beef cheek bourguignon and my friends enjoyed their tartare and steak. The atmosphere was exactly the type we were looking for, a relatively louder bistro. Service was great and extremely helpful although it was very busy.
4	Really nice restaurant in old Montreal.  This is a really nice place to take a date.  The wine selection is wonderful.  For me, the beer selection is pretty weak, but that's pretty much what I find all over Montreal, so it's hard to ding the place on that.  Food was great, and I'd go back here any day.  The free wifi was nice too.
5	Just order what your server recommends.  I had the warm goat cheese on a crispy cracker with olive tapanade for an appetizer and the butterscotch/ caramel dessert and they were out of this world.  I insisted on the lobster ravioli which was fine but not in the same planetary orbit as the others.  Service was about the best ever...it was the Fourth of July and the waiter brought my dessert with a sparkler on it...all the waiters came by to wish me happy birthday!I know some people consider it "noisy" but it's such a happy noise.  It's the sound of  people having a wonderful time over wonderful food.  It made me absurdly happy just to sit there and observe all the little scenes playing out around me.  And then they fed me too!  I just floated back to Le Petit Hotel.
5	My wife and I were looking for a brunch place on Sunday. Nothing was open except for Holder and I can see why -- nothing can compete with this place! The service is top notch and the only thing better is the food. I had the goat cheese and roasted tomato omelet and can't remember the last omelet I ate that even came close to this. This place has set a whole new level on what brunch should be.
5	A perfect brasserie!  Full and active on a rainy Sunday night. It's easy to walk past the entrance from the street.  You hang your coats and umbrellas the the cloakroom. The room is enormous yet so bustling it seems warm and inviting, but not too loud.   Around the columns are chalkboard menu specialsChicken liver pate and beef tartare were excellent. The pate was served in a deep cup along with toasted bread.One entree was calf's liver served with a generous helping of richly decadent mashed potatoes and a heap of caramelized onions.  The other was a Shepard's pie: perfect shredded lamb over superb mashed potatoes.  We ended with an Armagnac - a nice way to top off such a heavy meal. Holder offers a very good selection of reasonably priced digestives.Service was excellent - the wine list offered a very good range of choices.The menu offers may good choices. Bring a hearty appetite.
5	This place was recommended by a friend, who has never been but it was recommended by her friend. And for a good reason.We almost walked right past it, because it is very classy and discrete like that. The interior was is very classical and slightly Italian-influenced. Think a good mixture of long tables for families, booths for groups of four and of course the tables of two along the windows. The lighting is very incandescent and warm, which makes everything nice and cozy.I ordered the duck confit and my company had the steak and fries. The duck confit was the clear winner of the night. They only have a few, selected items on their menu and it's obvious that it's really all they need. Both items are well done. I highly recommend the duck confit. Trust me! We also had the pate and the salmon tartare as appetizers and the vanilla bean creme brulee for dessert. Sound delicious? They were!! I don't remember the exact prices, however it would be considered expensive to most. But I assure you: very high quality and very much worth it. Service was great. Food took a little longer to come, but it was a busier night with lots of big parties so that was understandable. Servers were friendly but not pushy and constantly hovering. Dress code is business-casual, I would say. Do not wear a suit but do not wear a graphic tee.It's a very versatile place. It can be intimate and romantic if you so desire or it can be wonderful for a big family gathering. Definitely a place to bring someone you need to impress. Not exactly blow their minds, but it will most certainly leave a nice memory in their mind.
4	Holder was picked after about an hour of reading reviews and looking up menus. The atmosphere was warm and inviting. We came on a Sunday night and it was slow. Our waiter was very friendly, and very handsome! We started off with the warm goat cheese appetizer, DELISH!I ordered the duck confit which came with an arugula salad and roasted potatoes. The duck was perfectly cooked and not too salty as duck confit often can be. I was slightly disappointed with the very small amount of potatoes, I think there were 3 half small potatoes on my plate. My friend ordered the lobster ravioli and enjoyed it.With splitting the appetizer between the two checks and a glass of wine, my check ended up being about $40 before tip.
4	I'm always down for the fish 'n' chips!
4	We were a little weary of the front of the restaurant, which seemed a bit stuffy as it is located in the hallway of a corporate building.....we were wrong. The tablecloths were actually white paper not linen and the prices were reasonable. We ordered the mussels which were appropriately sized and were happy to have tried the creamy pastis, plus the beef cheek which FELL apart, it was so tender. The beef cheek was well balanced with sauteed pearl onions and exotic mushrooms. Try the local beer in the red varietal which had a nice spice for the winter months. You could tell locals were the majority, but the menu was english and we felt welcome.
5	Sept 2012 - ducked into this place while walking the street and hungry.  What luck!  Nice restaurant ambiance, we sat at the window and watched people walk by....  FOOD:  Hanger Steak was incredible and it was my friend's choice but I couldn't stop eating her meal.   I had the Lobster ravioli.  It was good but so loaded with butter sauce...it is French after all but I really needed to walk off that butter after that dish!   The endive salad was also flavorful and fresh.  Highly recommend.  No CONS.  Would go back if I visit again.
4	Holder was recommended by our hotel, Place d'Armes, so I wasn't quite sure what to expect (Place D'Armes is very good hotel, btw) .  It was a Saturday brunch, and most tables by the windows were filled. We were two and the only tables even near the windows were for four.  He said that he had to ask the manager - and we were quickly ushered to the last table near the windows which was for four.  Our service was excellent.  The waiter was always nearby when needed and the busboys made sure we had water always filled.  I ordered the sundried tomato, spinach, and gruyere cheese frittata with baby arugula salad.  It was spectacular.   The Frittata was very flavorful, and the salad was beautifully dressed and actually a salad and not just a reminder of a salad.   My wife ordered the eggs benedict which comes with potatoes.  She asked to substitute the potatoes and they said no substitution but the waiter added that the potatoes were terrific and we should try them.  Well, the eggs benedict were good, and the waiter was spot on - the potatoes were fantastic - somewhat akin to scalloped potatoes, but lighter and tastier.  We complimented the manager on the way out, and he, Guiseppe Giampiccolo, gave us his card and was very friendly and asked that we call him to let him know when we would be returning.  Highly recommend Holder for Brunch, and look forward to returning to Montreal and trying for dinner.  I give it four stars for excellent Brasserie food - but for Brasserie food, it is  five star fare.
4	We ate here on our last night in Montreal.  Food was excellent.  Service was a bit slow but fairly typical for a French restaurant. A good splurge meal.
5	Daniel and I decide to go into the old city because we want something good, french, and tasty.  We planned nothing.  We park, we walked across to a hotel and asked for a recommendation and we got this place.  What  a wonderful little bistro.  Now I'm sure it's not the best place ever, but there was nothing I did not like.  I ordered the creamy vegetable soup and the salmon and holy cow my taste buds were happy.  Daniel order the gravlax (oy so Jewish) and the veggie couscous with anise sauce and he was doing a little dance at the table.  He had a very nice red wine and I had probably the best Tanqueray and Tonic ever.  For desert I nearly died - I had this mouse-like ganache cake thing that was so rich!  Daniel and the creme de la sucre - sugar creamed with maple I think - whatever it was so good, and came with a side of nuts that he loved - we had to order another to take home with us.  The bar are is huge and the service was wonderful.  They even knew how to speak English so I didn't seem like a total jackass.  I would so go back here.
4	We ate at Holder on New Year's Eve, and really liked it.  There are a few tables near the bar, where they seated us for a drink while we waited for our "real" table, but the spot was so good, with a great "people-watching" view of the entire room, so we stayed there and had our meal too.  My GF speaks French, but I don't, and the waiter was really accommodating to both of us, despite the fact that he was so busy and the place was packed.  Very stylish crowd and good looking waitstaff... I think both me and my GF had to try to avoid starring at a few of them, ESP after a few glasses of wine.  Ok, now that its established that Holder is a scene, what else did I like?  Well, the food was great, but one goat cheese appetizer was just ok and that's where they lose a star.  Holder is not cheap, but it's way more affordable than some of the more formal French bistros.  Holder is a brasserie, which is basically one big room with a bar, so it's not tiny and intimate like a bistro, but we expected that and liked it.  Definitely a good choice for a nice meal in Montreal.
4	Good service and good food.  I had the mussels and the serving size was enough for two.  The flavor was outstanding.
5	I went there on a sunday morning for brunch, and I have to say I was amazed. Prices (at least for brunch) are reasonable, food is delicious, and the service is beyond perfection.Behind us was a large table with families, and it seemed to be a very kids-friendly place.
4	love eating here... atmosphere is amazing too!!
4	What a pleasant place.  From start to finish everything was spot on and pleasant.  The service was attentive without being over the top, the food was very good and high quality.  Great place for a family meal.
1	Pleasant service, decent cooking, nothing to be overly upset about, but nothingto be excited about either. While the pricing appears reasonable, in lightof the above, Holder seems somewhat overpriced.
2	Came here to grab dinner on a Saturday nightAtmosphere:- French bistro trendy- Got a nice table by the street, indoorsService: - Lacking - waiter was inattentive and not friendly.  I'd say he was your typical Quebecois waiter- Specials were not offered up, had to ask him if there were anyFood:- For an app we got the Gravlax and yellow beet carpaccio, orange and dill vinaigrette.  This was ok. Nothing special- Lady got the Pappardelle with mushrooms, pine nuts and pancetta.  This was in a cream sauce.  It was not very good. It was not that warm (had been sitting in the kitchen too long) and it was more cream/oily that one would want- I got the Braised beef cheek which was edible and served over mashed potatoes and hericot vert.  The dish was not very warm (had been sitting in the kitchen too long), the wine they used to braise the meat was cheap and you could taste it in the sauce.  Overall, I wasn't that excited about this- We passed on desertOther:- Prices are too high for the quality - Didn't like the vibe of the place- Overall wish we didn't waste a night out here
5	An Old Montreal favorite, Holder is a beautiful French bistro that is always perfectly crowded. One of my faves is the Duck Confit with the truffle oil arugula salad. My friends are huge fans of the Steak tartar. This place is perfect for a big or small group gathering with friends. It's casual but trendy, so feel free to wear jeans with heels or your pretty little black dress.
4	Holder is worth going out of your way for. I returned for my second trip here and was reminded that its an excellent, albeit really large pub. The wine list is fantastic, and they'll make you any cocktail you'd like (check out the beauty of a scotch list). What sets this place apart is the food - I still try to recreate the endive, blue cheese and walnut oil salad I enjoyed here. Though we didn't indulge, the brunch plates coming out of the kitchen looked (and smelled) beyond words.Staff are kind and service is quick. If you're in Old Montreal, this is a great pick for a casual yet refined dinner option.In three words - HAVE BRUNCH HERE!
5	Excellent food, a little pricey but amazing.
5	Holder is a wonderful place with simply delicious food and great service. The space is a bit loud, but not unbearably so. The decor is a nice blend of old world style and sharp modern lines.In giving the place five stars, I must admit that I had recently eaten meals featuring duck hearts, sea snails, and bone marrow, so I was ready for a hearty, more classic bistro meal.First, I ordered the Country Seasonal Vegetable soup (around 8$). It was the best vegetable soup I have ever eaten at a restaurant- perfectly balanced flavour that was not too salty, spicy, or bland.For my main course I had the steak and frites (around 21$). The steak was perfectly cooked and flavourful. The frites were blessedly not overcooked or oversalted.Dessert featured several options. I chose a butterscotch dessert (around 9$) that had ice cream and an individually cooked cream filled butterscotch cake. It was pure deliciousness.The service here was great. Food came in a timely manner, and my group never waited for water refills or plates to be cleared. I would return to eat at Holder's tomorrow. It is great particularly for those looking for a straightforward French bistro meal.
4	I eat here pretty much twice a month. The tartare is very good and they have some hidden gems in the wine list. I'm always served by the same waitress, who remembers my preferences in both food and wine. It's my local joint and I always enjoy myself.
5	Great Food, great ambience, warm staff. Anything in the menu except the liver is bomb. Ive had the duck which was incredibly succulent, hanger steak is a bit small but makes up in quality. Creme brulee is simply phenomenal
5	Great food, excellent wine selection, and wonderful ambiance.  Our host and server were personable and detailed oriented.  They made sure our food and drinks were satisfactory.  I enjoyed the mussels (enough to share!), while my family had the beef cheeks, paperdelle pasta and hangar steak.  Everything was done to perfection.  I highly recommend Holder Restaurant and Bar, and I would definitely return to this wonderful establishment again in the future.
3	I'm really not sure what I think of this place. On one hand, it's got nice decor, the food is reasonably good, and the service is fine. On the other hand, it feels a bit artificial, and for the prices, I'd expect a better experience.On the food, it is supposed to be a french bistro and the food sort of reflects that. I had a salmon tartare, which was very good. But, the menu was littered with other options like fish and chips and pasta primavera. To me, that's a dead giveaway of a place that is going for a theme but wants to stay mainstreamed and broad. I think the other dishes people had, including the lamb and the fish and chips (I recognize the irony) were all fine. The desserts were obnoxiously large and were generally odd, gaudy takes on French dessert.The service was fine. Nothing bad, nothing especially good. It was fine; I have almost no reaction at all.The interior is both nice and revealing of the restaurant's underbelly. It has all the trappings of a classic French bistro, done in a modern, large space. But, the consequence is a feeling of almost corporate design. It's consistent with the menu, I think.
5	Really loved this restaurant, as the perfect french bistro. We had a french onion soup, and seared foie gras, gingerbread, red wine reduction, and dried fruit for appetizers. For entrees, we did the salmon tartare (as a main), and the lamb shepherd's pie. All dishes were delicious, with the foie gras and the salmon tartare outstanding. The restaurant was roomy and had a lively vibe. Would definitely come again.
5	This place is outstanding. The foie gras on gingerbread was phenomenal, the atmosphere delightful. I must also say that the service was what really makes this place special. We were a large group and they really did a fantastic job - getting our table organized before we arrived (we called ahead), being patient during the ordering process as everyone consulted over wines and appetizers, food coming out all together and being delivered to the correct person with confidence, and automatically splitting everyone's bill (remembering who split wine with whom, etc). I was hugely impressed.
5	Definitely one of the best meals in Montreal!!We were traveling from Toronto, with our 11-month-old baby, but we wanted to eat well.  We were reluctant to bring the baby somewhere *nice*, so we called Holder in advance to get the okay.  I should mention that it was a Monday night, so I don't know if this is always the case, but they were welcoming and gracious.  The staff were incredibly friendly, and made a point of acknowledging the baby and giving her lots of attention.  They provided a booster chair with tray for us, which was a huge plus (those are definitely way better than the wooden highchairs, which allow baby to reach the table, and clear it of any food, hot drinks, and sharp knives, haha...).  As for the meal - mmmm!!!  Hubby had the steak frites, and calamari to start.  I opted for 2 apps for my meal - shaved parmesan salad and the French Onion soup.  Both of us would HIGHLY recommend our meal.Awesome food, welcoming atmosphere, friendly staff, great vibe.Thank you Holder!
3	I really wanted to like this restaurant, but it just did not live up to expectations. The place is a large, boisterous French restaurant, which is cool. The atmosphere is upscale casual, which is great for most occasions. The food however is where we are lacking. We started with the salmon tartare, which actually was quite tasty. It has fresh, light and well seasoned. For the main, I had the duck confit which was dry and tasteless. The skin was quite juicy. However, when you got to the meat, it was very dry and bland. The braised beef cheeks looked quite good. The portion size was large and the meat very tender. However, the flavour was still lacking. Once you got over how tender it was, you realized that it really didn't have much flavour. The tilapia was one dimensional in flavour. The lobster ravioli was actually quite tasty, but beware, the portion size is quite small. For dessert we had the Chocolate Mousse with mocha ice cream. This is actually VERY good, but VERY dense. The coffee ice cream balances if quite well. The service is good, but kind of rushed. We felt like they were trying to hurry us out, even though we weren't there long.  Overall the ambiance is nice, food is meh and prices are steep. I'd think twice before returning.
5	I am from the NYC area, so I am used to pretentious, overpriced restaurants where the consistently amazing food is served up by rushed, disgruntled, and generally unfriendly waitstaff. I expected something like this at Holder, simply because it is a fancy restaurant in a cosmopolitan city. Coming in with that experience, I was absolutely blown away at Holder. I came with a bachelorette party of 12 and was shocked when the waitstaff told us we could easily split up our bills 12 ways. No problem. Such a request could easily get your food served with a healthy dosage of spit in a NYC restaurant. The waitstaff was so friendly. The bus boy came over to fill up our water glasses every 2 or 3 minutes. Our two waiters happily chatted with us, giving us bar recommendations for the rest of the night. Even on a fairly busy Saturday night, we never felt that they were rushed, and more importantly we did not feel rushed. As for the food, it was not only fantastic, but very reasonably priced. I had the French Onion soup and Buffalo Mozzerella Salad. I wasn't that hungry, and I figured I would be getting an average salad - what can you really do to add to a Buffalo Mozzerella salad? Well, it was easily the best I've ever had. It was served with fantastic balsamic drizzle, really high quality olive oil, arugula, pine nuts and figs. Delicious. The French Onion Soup was crusted with a hearty serving of browned gruyere, just as it should be. Overall I would highly recommend this place. The prices are fair, the staff is friendly, and the food is great.
2	Disappointing dinner. Pre-circus outing with my 17 year old daughter. Service was excellent, but steak frites and fish and chips were super bland. Fish tasted like the frozen kind baked in the oven. Steak was tough and tasteless. Appetizers - octopus salad and buffalo mozzarella were good. Room is very nice, but ambience is only half the battle.
4	Recommended by the concierge at the Marriott Chateau (which is lovely, and 4 stars). Holders was lovely, warm and inviting. Staff was as well. Friend and I stopped for lunch, and were lucky to get there just before the lunch rush. Service was prompt, courteous and efficient without being overbearing. Menu was interesting and very varied. My friend had the Braised beef cheek, which he liked very much, and I had the seafood soup and the warm octopus and new potato salad. Octopus is a favorite of mine, but you take your chances, as it can be very rubbery if cooked poorly. Luckily, the chef at Holders knew EXACTLY how to cook it, and it was wonderful. The contrast of the octopus and the potatoes, highlighted by the sauce was delectable. Will definitely go again when in Montreal.
4	Not a huge menu but good and delicious. Nice, clean and very good service. It was lunch and not that busy so the atmosphere was not my favorite. Maybe next time for dinner:))
5	The restaurant's decor is very fancy, so we initially felt underdressed in our casual clothing. However, the service was friendly and completely unpretentious. Our server offered great suggestions for food and wine pairings throughout the meal. We ordered the lobster ravioli and duck confit and paired them with the wines our server recommended.Overall a wonderful experience for a surprisingly good price!
5	We have for a starter foie gras. For main dish classic beef tartare and lamb shepherd's pie. The food was amaaaassing....  The service was excellent. The decor stylish. This is a place to return and eat the a same dishes again (and if you can to try other dishes as well).
4	Appetizer and dinner were outstanding.  I had the cold Foie Gras, which was perfectly paired with a pear chutney and a wine that was recommended by my waiter (do not recall what hte wine was).  Then had the lobster ravioli with truffle cream sauce, fantastic.  Dessert was creme brulee which was pretty standard, nothing too exciting.  took a star off to the not-exceptional dessert and service at times was a bit lacking, but the waiter was quite busy.
5	We came here for a meal with my grandparents and had a lovely time. The staff were attentive but not bothersome. They kept the water and wine glasses filled so we could enjoy our evening together. We managed to sample a good chunk of the menu between all of us and it was absolutely delightful. It was an enjoyable evening, with great ambiance, courteous and unobtrusive service, and tasty food--everything I could ask for when taking my grandparents out in Montreal.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. Food and service was impeccable. We started with the mixed greens & warm octopus salad. Both were delicious. I needed a redemption meal consisting of moules-frites since the one I had in QC was horrible. Holder definitely more than made up for it. The white wine sauce was flavorful and worthy of bread dipping (lucked out with the last portion of the night). My bf ordered the tilapia and it was full of seasoning and accompanied with a delicious side made of veggies with pine nuts. The staff was very attentive, but in a ninja-like fashion. Voila! All of a sudden you have a full glass of water that was just empty and a clean bowl for the 2nd half of your mussel shells. We were driving for quite some time prior to getting to Montreal and just wanted a good meal so we were in our "driving clothes" and sneakers. I don't normally go out to dine anywhere looking like this, but Holder is a classy yet unpretentious establishment so I felt comfortable enough to enjoy my delish meal. I can speak the same for their staff. We spent about the same, if not more, on a meal during our travels to Canada and it was def worth every cent & all 5 stars.
5	Trip advisor was definitely right about this place. I loved the fact that it is placed in Old Montreal and we came on a thursday night , it was packed yet the waiters found us a table right away. We ordered the frise salad which was great for an appetizer. We followed with mussels and lobster ravioli as entrees. The food literally melts in your mouth to how good and fresh it is. The staff is very attentive , place is great and the food is delciious - what can more can you want ? Will be back again for sure !
5	Excellent service and excellent food even at the end of the day. They serve food and drinks right up until closing which is very convenient. The steak tartare was excellent and the pappardelle was very rich and tasty ( a little too decadent but very good). I ended the night with the lemon cream and mascarpone mousse, which was the highlight for me. This was one of the best desserts I've had. Have it with a side of honey and tea.
5	Wife had fritata I had french toast with apples and syrup. Wow wow wow. Awesomely good. Service was great an attentive, despite my american idiocy of not understanding english in a french accent.....chedaaaaaa meant cheddar and the rest i didnt understand either, but was irrelevant because my taste buds comprends just fine.
4	A neat spot and a menu that makes it hard to choice just one entree! The host was a lovely addition to attentive service, delivering our wine himself. We went early (6:30p) on a Sunday and were sat right away, one of only a few tables. But they sat tables continuously after ours, filling up by the time left around 8:30. Faves were the duck confit, chevre chaud and chocolat cremeux! Lobster ravioli was excellent, too (not overbearing).
1	We stopped in for drinks and an appetizer.  The calamari was just okay - borderline rubbery.  For a bar of this size, the bourbon selection was slim.  The waitress appeared bothered by us right from the start.  While ordering, she just exuded attitude.  The icing on the cake was the bill.  She simply tossed it on the table as she walked by.  I expected better - a lot better.
5	Westin recommended this restaurant for lunch so we didn't hesitate to walk a mile from the hotel to try it. We were seated right away and the lady manager cheerfully told us the specials. I definitely enjoyed the duck confit and washed it down with their yummy lemon drop martini. Even the starter bread was fantastic ! Service was great for a bustling lunch hour. Highly recommended!
4	i love this place. in the last few montreal visits, i've made an effort to return to this restaurant for a great dinner. staff are very polite, food is on-time, delicious and the menu changes. the restaurant facility is very cool, in old montreal with lots to do and see afterwards.
5	Fantastic food!!! The duck confit was the best I ever had!! Ever!!! Fish and chips was light and delicious!! The pineapple dessert was amazing!!! Dominic our bartender was helpful friendly and overworked!! Thank you Holder for our best meal while honeymooning in Montreal!!
1	We are sitting here for almost 2 hours with no food!  i guess something is amiss in the kitchen.  I would not recommend this restaurant currently.  good luck!
4	A lovely lunch with a very nice wine list. We ordered off the quick lunch menu and had a good steak and amazing shrimp ravioli. Very flavorful. Ordered chocolate truffles for dessert and they were so rich, I couldn't finish them.
2	Service was good.However, the food was just okay. We went here on late Saturday afternoon and they only have lunch/brunch menu.I ordered Veal Steak Frites, it was just okay. Sauce was okay, no flavor and under seasoned.They do have good ambiance and decor.I would only go here if there is no other place to go or when you are in a pinch and extremely hungry.
4	Came here for lunch and first off I'd like to say the service was excellent! The host and waiters were checking up on our table a few times to see if everything was ok. I really appreciated that, considering the place was quite busy. The ambiance was definitely more high end and fancy but hey, food was delicious so the restaurant definitely delivered. I had salmon tartare with caviar and fries, the portion was generous for sure. Gotta love raw food! The fries were really tasty too. It was probably an expensive lunch, but I think it was worth it. Would recommend reserving for even brunch/lunch because when I got there (which was 11 AM on a Sunday) it was already pretty packed. Will come again one day to try their dinner menu!
4	I went to this restaurant last night, the second time in a year.I must say this is an absolutely delightful restaurant. It is a fancy place, but where you won't feel burdened by form or rigidity.Both times I have come I have absolutely enjoyed their beef tartar. It is quite outstanding actually. I suggest you get it very spicy! It goes just perfectly with the crisp bread crackers they bring!They also serve delicious oysters and have a nice selection of both appetizers as well as main courses. Last year I had their flank steak, which was very good, but this year I opted for one of the night's specials, a ribeye steak with truffle and rustic potato mash.Absolutely delicious! The people I was with had a delicious looking dessert, however I settled for a glass of Chivas Regal!Try the beef tartar spicy!
4	I had the veal flank steak here and it is one of the best I've ever had. Got recommended to come here and it was worth it.Food: 4/5, juicy veal with great sauce. The duck confit was very good as well.Service: 3.5/5, a little slow but very nice stuff that is attentiveAmbience: 4/5, cool decor and very fun atmosphere for dinner.Price: 3/5, a little pricy $30/person
3	Solid as I recall it to be. Both my fiance and I had the hangar steaks with shallots on sat evening. Simply Devine.  I could not ask more of a hangar steak. Service was professional, respectful and very knowledgeable. Highly recommend to any in search of a classic french bistro in montreal!
4	Really tasty place with warm ambiance.  My family got the French onion soup, pasta, duck and salmon.  All of us were very pleased with our choices.  We ended the meal with a pineapple turnover which was fantastic.
5	Fun bistro with great food. Great service. The place is dim without being overly dark, casual but festive. The menu had so many delicious looking choices that if we lived in Montreal we would have to come back to try more! Here's the run down of what we ordered:Buffala mozzarella salad: YES. A wonderful twist on a caprese. The arugula is in the most wonderful balsamic, the cheese is soft and salty, the proscuitto is prosciutto. Vegetable soup: spectacular. Similar to minestrone and just fantastically flavored.Salmon tartare: really good. The yogurt is a nice compliment. It's a lot so I would recommend getting the appetizer portion.Salmon: didn't try but my mother really enjoyed Warm goat cheese: good, but the only thing that didn't amaze us. Pretty simple goat cheese without too much flavor. Would skip this next time.Hope you enjoy this as much as we did!
5	Excellent!!! Came here for dinner on New Year's Eve, and had the beef cheek. Food was excellent, and service quite attentive, for such a busy night.
5	Our NYE dinner...amazing service! It seemed like a choreographed event with severs dropping in and out from our table, seamlessly. This was with 2 young children mind you. We went as a recommendation before the big party at Old Port and we were not disappointed. The food was delicious...just enough French for these Chicagoans.
5	We had a fantastic experience here on New Year's Eve. We were seated promptly which was impressive for a busy holiday evening. We both ordered specials - shelled lobster over ravioli and filet. Both dishes were beautiful and delicious. We shared profiteroles for dessert. The restaurant is beautiful inside and reminiscent of bistros in Paris. It's a touch noisy on busy evenings but it wasn't bothersome. Can't say enough about our waiter-he answered our questions and provided honest input. It was a wonderful meal!
5	Dined here in the recommendation of a co-worker in Montreal. Location was right outside Old Montreal on Rue McGill. We walked through the underground from downtown to Victoria and only had to walk 5 minutes outside in the December weather. Atmosphere of the restaurant was nice. It was a large restaurant and tables were close but never had any hearing problems but at the time it was only half full. My wife ordered the mussels and thought they were fantastic. I had the beef bourgagoin and also thought it was great. mine came with mashed potatoes which were great with the sauce. Hers came with fries that we both thought were great. We thought this was the best food we had in our short Montreal and Quebec city jaunt. The two entrees plus tax and tip was $49 USD.
5	This was my second experience here.  The first was a Saturday night dinner in March 2012.  I can't remember much detail but it was good enough that we came back to it again a few days ago for brunch.Canada's 18% tax on food kills me every time but I guess the slightly stronger USD cancels that out.  I say this because the brunch for three people before tip came out to $96 CAD, which seems like a lot for brunch, but we did get two desserts and cappuccinos all around so maybe not.  Price aside, the meal was excellent.  I had the duck confit and it was nice and salty as it should be.  It came with finger potatoes and arugula.  It's nearing lunchtime here and just thinking about it made my mouth water.  The vanilla creme brulee was on point.  The marzapan-type thing was good, too.  The waiters are very attentive and friendly, the place is well-lit and comfortable.  (Also while I was in the bathroom I heard the cooks yell, "Yes, chef!" in unison which I took as a good sign that they care deeply about what they serve.)This place is in Old Montreal, which you know, has a lot of charm.  If you don't mind opening the wallet a little bit, you should eat here while in the area.
