4	A Liquor store and a wine bar, all rolled into one!The place looks like a run-of-the-mill booze-shop from the outside with a desert-colored paint job, an aging asphalt parking lot, and a drive-thru window to the right.  But step inside and you'll find a surprisingly upscale liquor store with a wine selection that's nothing short of outstanding.My sidekick from Mesa stopped by on her way home to grab some wine, and noticed the sound of conversation and laughter coming from the back.  She investigated, and found a small stairway leading  to a perfectly charming wine bar.  She'd been to several cantinas in the Mesa area....and found them all to be pretty dreadful.  After moving from San Francisco, she'd pined for the memory of her neighborhood watering holes, and finding Sun Devil's wine bar was like a breath of fresh air. She's been back several times, and we stopped by on my last visit.  The whole tasting room consists  a tiny bar that won't seat more than six people along with several additional tables.  A cozy feel along with friendly staff and an interesting clientele makes for the ONLY drinking establishment in the Mesa area that we've found and liked, let alone deemed worthy of a second visit.We decided to grab a bottle  on the way out, and asked one of the staff to pick us out something white, not too sweet, and priced at around ten bucks.  The clerk's eyes opened wide as he sprouted an ear-to-ear grin while darting across the display area with his index finger in the air.  He came back with a $12 Chardonnay from a winery we'd never heard of.  When the cork was pulled an hour later, we both agreed....these people know their stuff.Excellent wine selection.  Friendly, helpful staff.  A drinking establishment that's a cut above anything in the surrounding area  Check it out people....It's a little slice of Scottsdale located smack-dab in the middle of Mesa.
4	It's hard to not feel like a wino at Sun Devil Liquors.  But it's hard for me to not feel like a wino wherever I am. I digress. It's not quite like drinking at Sportsmen's, where you feel like it's a wine bar posing as a wine store.  Sun Devil feels more like a liquor store trying to be a liquor store, and oh yeah, we have a cozy little wine bar and outstanding wine selection downstairs.  Don't get me wrong.  I dig it. It's just different from all your typical wine bar/liquor stores...if there is a typical one.Bonnie and I rolled up on a recent Friday night.  At 10 pm, it was just us, another couple, the bartender and another couple who arrived when we left. After walking around this wine cellar (complete with a bar and two cocktail tables) and spotting a few very impressive California bottles including: Caymus, Cakebread and Silver Oak - (which are out of my league at this moment) we bellied up to the corner bar and had a couple of beers.  I had some Salvadorean lager, which was very good and worth the chump change ($1.50).  We entertained ourselves with the usual: witty banter, stream-of-consciousness blather, interpretive dance, complimentary Dove chocolate morsels and a horseshoe wrought iron puzzle.  That's how we roll. This is a perfect place if you want quiet, low-key conversation in Mesa...but it might be a forgettable place if this were in a different part of Scottsdale or Phoenix.
5	Wow! I never would have known about this place if I hadn't read about it on Yelp, and I'm really glad I did.My coworkers and I have been trying to find a decent place near downtown Mesa to have a drink after work - and we finally found it.Pulling up to Sun Devil, I was a little worried -- it looks pretty ghetto from the outside, and it's surrounded by the typical Mesa trashy stuff - run down strip malls, etc.But it's totally a hidden gem! Walk in the store and you smell that "liquor store smell" that always reminds me of pretzels. And walk downstairs and you see this cozy little bar with a few tables, surrounded by rows and rows of wines (you can buy them and drink them there, for a cork fee). A chalkboard shows the list of wines they offer -and they have some great ones! Not pricey, either. The bartender was super-friendly and the clientele was, too -- It was so informal, I felt like I was drinking in my uncle's basement in Milwaukee or something -- if my uncle had really great taste in wine, that is.
5	This place is very interesting.  From the outside it doesn't look like much and definitely a bit sketchy.  I would have never went here if it wasn't highly recommended.  Our party of 5 didn't come here for the large liquor selection upstairs, but rather the bar/lounge/tasting room they have downstairs.  They converted their basement into a cozy little bar area with 4 or 5 small tables surrounded by shelves and coolers of wines and beers.  You are free to peruse their many different bottles then bring your selection to the bar where the bartender will open and pour it for you.We went on a Saturday night and there were probably never more than 4 or 5 other people down there at any one time.  It is a perfect place to go with friends and try new beers and wines.  I do hear that it gets crowded down there when they do wine tastings though.The service is friendly, the prices are reasonable and the selection is fantastic so I will definitely be back!
5	The rating may be a little toney for hole in the wall flea market meets iquor store....but when you're a vodka snob trying to get your drink on, this is the place. You roll up to the oddly colored yet unmarked building and many things go through your head: 1) I drove WHERE to get some booze?  2) Should I be heading to a "meeting" instead? 3) Is someone going to come up in a trench coat and offer me watches, guns, or drugs?  My first step through the door 2007 near New Year's Eve, was nirvana and my enlightenment only continues. It's to believe what you see - wall to wall, floor to ceiling, nook to cranny libations for what seems like miles crammed into 750 square feet. Odd liquors that you have never heard of but sound interesting - check! Bottles and cans of beers from around the world - check! Glass objects like AK47s and walking canes filled with vodka - double check!Oh but wait, not a lot of wine at first glance but if you find the secret staircase and are willing to take the plunge to the basement you will discover paradise, or another circle of hell depending on how well you can control your desires. I have never had the pleasure of sitting at the tiny 2 seat bar for a drink, partially due to it being busy and having no time, but mostly due to the fact that I would likely spend eternity walking the circle of wine racks and chillers..never to be seen again. Sigh....if you've traveled the world and found tasty beverages  you thought you would never see again you need to head here. There is nothing better than discovering a nice bottle of German beer covered in dust...Run, don't walk to Sun Devil and prepared to spend a couple hours perusing this alcohol mecca!
3	Great overall selection, friendly help, and just an overall good vibe here.  Only downsides are that so many beers are stored at room temperature and I've had a few expired beer issues.  It's also not exactly a nice location as far as safety goes, and I've had issues with homeless people outside in the small parking lot.Don't be turned away by the exterior - they have good stuff on the inside.
4	I pulled up to the store, and my wife (disgustedly) asked "Are you sure this is it." I told her to be patient and have an open mind.After entering the store part, I was pretty impressed. They had probably one of the largest beer selections I'd seen. And their website stated that if they didn't have it, they could probably get it for you. Nice!Then, we went downstairs to the wine bar. That sold us right there. Cozy, friendly, good selection... I want to go back. Soon!
4	This place is a liquor store with associated wine and beer bar in the basement. They have an excellent and changing selection wines and beers. The prices are reasonable and the glasses are filled very well. The atmosphere is casual and friendly. The second time we went there they had a wine tasting going on. A piano player sang sickly sweet tunes. He looked like Kevin Spacey's lost brother and tried hard to make friends with the audience. The wines were interesting. The crowd was a mix between ASU students and wrinkly desert bats. Summary: This is a great place to discover some new drink. Enjoy!
4	Wow, this place is awesome. I was walking down the street back to the crappy motel feeling frustrated and I saw this place was still open which was cool since it was after 10pm I thought they kept good hours. Not wanting to go to bed without a drink I walked in.Great selection of booze at pretty good prices. They had Belgians, Euros, all the big Mexican beers and the cheaper stuff too. Lots of liquor and some wine too. Me, I wanted beer. So I bought a microbrew and then bought a six pack of O.G. Shlitz for $2.99 a six pack. I didn't feel like spending a lot so this worked out okay. Awesome I spent less than $6 at the register! You guys in the 'zona are so lucky to have dirt cheap alcohol. Hell, I might considering moving there just because the alcohol is generally cheaper.
5	How I live 1 block from this gorgeous shrine of booze, and haven't turned into a gutter drunk, is beyond me! It's SOOO wonderful, and their prices are fantastic!!!! For the past several months, cases of Fat Tire (yes.. case.. 24!!! TWENTY FOUR BEERS) COLD are SOLD for $11.99-14.99 (depending on.. ???? I'm not sure.. but still that's sooooooooo LOW!!)  and that's just one little example of the amazingness cuz there's SO MUCH MOAAAARRR amazingness at Sun Devil Liquors!!! They also have like.. EVERYTHING THAT IS ALCOHOLIC. Sun Devil's makes those korporate HOARS at  bevmo look like an effing Circle K.. :)The staff always knows the answers to any questions, too! Amazing! :D And the basement bar is sooo cool :DAnd it's probably quite apparrent from my typing that I rolled up in there tonight :D
5	Oh wow! This place is a surprisingly unexpected treat!! One of my besties and I went here last night to meet up with some of his coworkers. We didn't really know what to expect, so we dug our heels in for a night of randomness...and they did not disappoint! The outside just looks like a regular liquor store, if you drove past it you wouldn't even notice it. But once you walk through the doors, the alcohol heavens open up and little drunken angels start singing 'If you want it, we got it! la la la la la!!!' I was amazed at the selection and had barely been there 30 seconds when I noticed the sign directing us downstairs to the cellar and pub area...and even more choices!!! Every microbrew, macrobrew, and everything in between that you have ever (or never) heard of is down there. We opted for the $5 wine tasting to start...and didn't regret a second of it! There were (I think) 6 types ranging from riesling to shiraz. Each one better than the last. Then we purchased several other bottles of delicious wines, including a very strange cabernet sauvignon named 'Giani'. It is a chillable red wine that is EXTREEEEEEEEEEEMELY sweet. Not in the way that people say 'Oh this red wine isn't as dry as this other one' NO! It was actually sweeter than grandma's coffee. So if you are someone who thinks you don't like red wine because it's not sweet, try this stuff, it will make you a believer.
5	OMG OMG, I love this place! A friend of mine took me to the wine tasting last week and this week I am returning with a couple of my other friends to introduce them to the wine tasting! I am so pumped to go back! I have to agree with a couple of the comments below, you pull up and you think, this is a liquor store, there is no way there is a wine tasting here. Plus it is in kind of a crazy looking area. But then you go in, you head to the back, you go down the spiral stair case and walk into a wine cellar room of glory! You get your wine glass and pay $5 at the first bar then walk around to the back right of the cellar and find yourself entering another room with music, comfy couches and mood lighting. I am going to slowly but surely introduce everyone I know to this place! On top of all of this, we tried 5 or 6 different wines and in the mix, I think I found and purchased a new favorite! Very excited to know about this place and can't wait for this Thursday! I also need to try the beer tasting on Friday...I might save that for party time with my guy friends, we'll see.
4	Sun Devil Liquors is a really interesting place because the upstairs is a really large liquor store and the basement is a great lounge and beer/wine bar.Wine Bar- They serve everything downstairs that they sell upstairs plus you can open any bottle of wine you buy or buy beer by the bottle from the fridges down there. They also recently installed 8 beer taps where they constantly switch out great craft beers (but be careful because some of them have high alcohol contents).Price- The prices are good for any drinks purchased by the glass or bottle.  Any of the craft beers on tap might seem somewhat expensive but remember that most of them are pretty strong and are all really great beers. Normal prices for beer on tap are normally from $5 to $7 for a pint.Lounge Area- In the basement next to the wine bar is a great lounge where they have art shows for local artists every few months. Great area to relax on the plush couches and to see some great art. Art Shows- Every time they have a new art opening, they do great drink specials (which change each time) and sometimes will have bands play.  Make sure to stop by on these nights for some great drinks at good prices.Come to Sun Devil and go downstairs to get some really good beer on tap plus great specials on wine pours and flights of craft beer. Also, get on their mailing list so you know when the new art shows are happening.
5	I was going to write a long, glowing review for Sun Devil, but then realized that they realistically don't need my help!!..........and that it might look like I know entirely too much about the details of their inventory.That being said, I have heard that Sun Devil is one of- if not THE coolest places in the EV to peruse and buy hard-to-find beers from all over the country, and around the world....and I am mostly aware that there are over 1,000 different beers on hand, or that the "Iron curtain" is a tucked away niche- adorned with razor wire- where you can discover some awesome and authentic brews from  Russia and Eastern Europe.There is also a respectable wine bar downstairs that people seem to like- but I'm just not a huge fan because of the way the space feels. They have also recently stopped carrying Bohemia altogether. Sketchy.........
5	Quaint place and Friendly, what a selection of beer and wine and cast of characters. Every time i go there i enjoy every bit of my time and tasting experience. Want a cool place to entertain some friends with a variety unmatched, here it is.
5	love that I can drink and shop!!!  even at a little premium, ok by me.  Great selection and we can always count on them to find something for us if they do not carry!!
5	I found my new favorite liquor store. I've been wanting to come here for a while, but I just never mad it out there. Well, I wanted a keg for my Super Bowl party and I gave this place a call. They not only had the cheapest keg around, but they also had the cheapest deposit too.This will probably be the only place I go from now on when I'm hunting for a unique beer AND when I hit the bars. Oh yeah... there is a bar in the basement. Cool, huh?
5	A while back, I was looking for Rodenbach Grand Cru. I couldn't think of where to go, so I asked a couple of my former co-workers. They recommended this spot.I timidly asked the person at the front of the store if they had it. I was assuming he would have to look it up, then have to find it. Not the case at all. (See what I did there? Case? Beer?)The guy said, "Follow me". Not only did he know what I was talking about, he knew exactly where it was, and he even offered up some alternatives for me to try as well.The import and craft section at Sun Devil is phenomenal. If you are a beer guy, THIS is where you should go.  The staff knows their stuff. Also...check out "The Iron Curtain"...a whole section filled with Russian beers.
5	This place is awesome.  My brother-in-law and I found some great beers that we can't find back at home (we are from out of state).  The prices were reasonable and the workers were friendly as well.  I was just impressed to be honest with their selection of craft and micro brews.  Good place!
5	Love this place! the people are great to speak with and friendly. Its a great place to find wine and drink it! I love taking friends there for the first time, its surprising and fun.
5	Went to the bar downstairs. It's bitchin'. They tap stuff you can't normally get at a normal bar. The ambiance stellar. You're literally in a wine cellar. Like I said, this place is bitchin'
5	What a gem! Any beer lover MUST go to Sun Devil. My life would be a better place if I had this place closer to my home, but alas, I only make it to Mesa once a year. DO NOT PASS UP the opportunity to go to the bar in the basement- an absolutely BRILLIANT use of a space which could have been simply storage but now hosts a beautiful bar with room after room of over sized and ridiculously comfortable furniture in a cool (as in "escape the AZ heat") and relaxing environment.I have to say it again- if you like beer- go to Sun Devil- the selection is truly mind boggling.  Oh and PS- they have a drive though.....freaking awesome.
5	Excellent selection of Belgian biers, one of the best I have run across.  It even beats John's grocery in Iowa City, Iowa which is tough to do.  The store is a bit cramped and crowded, but that is part of its charm rather than an impediment.  Excellent selection of micro beers from around the country and I have always found everything to be fresh and tasty.  Definitely a great beer store, especdially for Arizona.  Knowledgeable store help who are friendly and beer advocates is a welcome change.
5	Amazing selection of liquors, beers, and wines joyously unencumbered by Virginia-style socialist ABC monopoly. Other reviewers point out some great details.  I only browsed and had a craft beer with friendly bartenders downstairs in the wine/beer bar-lounge. Great selection on about 8 taps. Check schedule for frequent live music.
4	Weekly wine tastings and art/music shows??? What's not to like? And the fact it is in a hidden away (but yet no so secret) basement makes this place full of character and curiousity.I have gone to craft shows and wine tastings and felt like the intimate space was purely a gathering of friends inside someone's house. the wine selection to me is that of a book worm in a library, I could spend hours down there reading the bottles.Like them on facebook, check out the website. The character and ambience of the place is refreshing and conversations are always stimulating.
5	If you're looking for a great selection of spirits, beer and wine that you were not expecting to find, SDL is a wonderful place where you can easily spend over an hour browsing their selection. Since it is locally owned an operated, their prices are slightly higher than if you were to shop at chain stores. However, as previously mentioned, it's worth to pay a little extra for rare and limited edition things that you would not find anywhere else in Arizona. The staff is extremely helpful and knowledgeable. If you do not find what you are looking for, they can special order almost anything for you. Many people still do not know about the cozy little bar underground with a great selection of beer and wine. I recommend anyone to check out the weekly beer and wine tastings that they put on; for a great cover price you get to try drinks you would have never tried. This place is easily one of the best jewels that downtown Mesa has to offer.
5	WOW!!! What a surprise this place was. A friend of ours invited us to go to some wine tasting over on Country Club and University and I couldn't think of a great place that you might go to do a wine tasting. When they told me Sun Devil Liquor, I was taken back, thinking what a dive it might be.....Well What a surprise when we went in and then down in the basement. Everything about this place is just cool. John on the keyboard/piano on Thursday is unbelievably awesome and has a great following as well. If I am looking for a fun place in Mesa(I know I just said fun place in Mesa)this has to be at the top of the list. Very inviting place inside and helpful staff. Would recommend this place to anyone looking to buy liquor, beer, wine or go to beer or wine tastings that they have.
4	There is a crazy cool little pub in the basement of this HUGE liquor store. They only offer beer and wine unfortunately. They could also use some tunes. Worth checking out if your in da hood (oh yea, it is a hood - lock your doors).
5	Wine bar in A basement . Cheers would be proud !Easy to make friends , Staff , every one was really nice to me .I love this place .
5	not only does this place have an amazing selection of beer, wine, and liquor it also has one of the comfiest, friendliest, fantastic bars down stairs. let's start with the upstairs: basically if you want to drink, they have it. i have found random and unknown beers here at reasonable prices. their wine selection is ginormous but the staff has created personal reviews that they display which really does help. normally i go by which bottle has the prettiest label but that doesn't always result in success. they also have over 100 different kegs available at prices lower than bevmo. people that work here are really friendly and knowledgeable and provide great recommendations on stuff to try.downstairs: its like rolling into your friends living room and having a drink. i have missed my local bar ever since i moved to arizona and had really never been able to find a place like it until i walked downstairs. its kind of a two parter.. theres the main area when you first walk down. it also serves as a wine cellar. there's a larger room off to the side where you can listen to live music and have a little more space to stretch out. i prefer the cellar area since its close to the bar and i like staring at a ton of wine in one place. you can order anything thats on tap or walk up stairs and grab something out of the freezers (like you're at a friends place...except you have to pay) and bring it back down. normally there is only one guy on duty so you have to be patient when it comes to ordering from the bar or getting your tab but they are so damn friendly that it doesn't bother you. have i found my local bar? yes. am i slightly concerned about becoming an alcoholic? hell no, i dont go to meetings :).
5	Beer heaven!  What don't they have?  The staff has a taste for heavy body beer so if that isn't your ONLY criteria for great beer.  I would just go with your gut.  Their staff does know their stuff.
5	They do have an amazing selection of alcohol, but I love that they fill kegs with whatever you want, including rootbeer for those who don't drink. Awesome!!!
5	I'm picky when it comes to a quality, diverse, craft/micro beer selection. This store is undeniably one of the best I've ever stepped foot into. The staff is very friendly, knowledgeable, and are great about making suggestions of brews similar to my favorites. My only wish is that some of the great smaller breweries of the Midwest would get distributed out here in AZ.(No 3Floyds here unfortunately...yet), but this place has a ridiculous selection, and the added bonus...head downstairs for some great beers on tap, and one from the cask(changing every few days). If you love good beer,(and I'm not a wine guy, but their wine selection looks pretty large, especially downstairs around the small sipping bar), then you have to stop here. Period. ***They also allow mix and match six/four packs,... as every great store with this vast a selection should.Grab one you haven't heard of, and enjoy!
5	Walking in I felt like a kid in a delicious adult candy store! Although I've seen most of the beers before there were definitely a few new and interesting ones. They had  nice little selection of Utah beers, which are great if you've never had the pleasure. We bought some Flagstaff Lumberyard IPA, Abita Pecan Harvest, and a Bear Republic IPA. Now on to the good part: the downstairs! The setting is perfect. The beer selection is perfect. The prices are even pretty damn good. There was nothing on tap too tempting to me that night so I spent the night back and forth to the fridge choosing  bottles and presenting them to Frank, the awesome bartender. The bartender will open your beer and pour it into a glass. Overall, one of the best ways I can think of to spend a Saturday night. Cool people too, but the crowd was really small. As in, me, my husband, and two other couples. However, with  bartender as awesome as ours, you definitely don't need a crowd to keep you happy!
5	I have been to Sun Devil Liquors twice since moving here to Arizona, and have been impressed each time. Every Thursday they have an amazing $5.00 wine tasting event that consist of trying 5 different types of amazing wines.  Sun Devil Liquors is an amazing family owned wine, spirits, and beer store (with extensive products in each category), and a wine and beer bar downstairs. The only draw back is that they do not serve food, but they will allow your to bring your food into their establishment to then enjoy their Thursday Wine Tasting and Friday Beer Tasting events.  There is also live entertainment by an amazing local artists who plays smooth jazz related tunes, which pairs really well with the lush wine!! Bring a Designated Driver, because the wine expert always has a heavy pour and you will end up getting much more than a taste of the 5 amazing wines that will be picked for the evening, once again for only $5.00!!
5	Best beer selection in the valley!  If you are an explorer perpetually looking for the best beer man can brew, this is place you may find a new beer.  I am a fan of live beer.  Non pasteurized foods including beers.   If you want  beer you don't get everyday, this place, for those who need a laboratory for beer inquiry and investigation.  Same owners and Topps Liquors in Tempe.
5	I love this place! It is a truly hidden gem. I also love Taste of Tops in Tempe. I have a few friends that call this our "secret bar" and bring anyone we deem ready for the awesomeness that is within.  However, I had one experience here that I'm hoping was an isolated incident.  Normally we have had the middle aged male bartender (I forget his name). He is so friendly and accommodating. He is probably more than half the reason I love this bar. However tonight we went in (on a Saturday night) a little before 9 and a young woman was there bar-tending. She made a point of telling us right away that they were closing in an hour. Then as we were enjoying our beverages, we paid out and continued to finish our drinks in a timely fashion (it was just before ten at this point). As we were talking, the bartender came back to the room where we were sitting, turned off almost all of the lights, except for the ones directly above us, and locked the bathroom doors. A male customer told her he needed to use the restroom and she seemed annoyed as she unlocked the door for him. We promptly left and all agreed that if we were to go back and see this same female bartender, we would not stay. She is doing a disservice to the reputation and feel of this wonderful and friendly bar.
5	For someone like me that likes to get his drink on, Sun Devil Liquors is heaven on earth.  They have an excellent selection of beers including some hard to find labels that I find really impressive.  The store can get crowded with people but I find that's just part of the experience.  The staff are great too.  Really helpful and friendly.  If you're in the area I highly recommend you stop in and check it out!
1	All I can say is WOW!!  I live in North PHX, and my father is visiting from the east coast.  We had tickets for DBacks/Cubs Spring Training game in Mesa.  Before I left the house I decided to find a place for us to have some food and a beer before the game.  I found Sun Devil Liquors and the reviews sounded great.  Nice pub with good beer, no food but i was assured by Yelpers that I could bring my own food.  Just what I was looking for.  My son was hungry, so when we arrived we decided to go to George's Gyros next door.  All 5 of us ordered food to-go and we carried it over to Sun Devil to eat and enjoy some brews.  The very moment I walked in to the place, I noticed that it was a liquor store.  I asked the hostess where the pub was located.  She looked me up and down,  looked at the bag of to-go food in my hand, and RUDELY told me that it was downstairs, as if I was too stupid to know where it was.  I'VE NEVER BEEN HERE BEFORE!!!   I immediately apologized for the inconvenience and told her that I had never been there before and that I was just looking for the pub.  I, and my 4 family members, (wife, 2 kids, & dad) proceeded to walk downstairs.  The bar looked inviting and we were looking forward to enjoying our gyros with some suds.  We sat down at one of 3 total tables and waited for a bartender.  It was about 12:00 pm. (March 1st, Friday) The same rude blonde lady that greeted us walked down the stairs, told us that the BAR WAS CLOSED, and that "we couldn't just sit there and eat."  We didn't even open our to-go boxes yet!!    I said, "I'll gladly leave this BULLSHIT ESTABLISHMENT, and never return."   She told, me "good luck with your life!!"  and "thanks for the attitude!"  right in front of my 12 year old that saw this whole fiasco.  Attitude was given to ME the MOMENT i entered the establishment, and she thanked ME for my attitude?  WOW!!   Glad i live in NoPho and wont have to worry about coming here ever again.  the Yelpers were wrong apparently....... Not sure why she told me it was downstairs if it wasn't open in the first place.  I wasn't planning on coming in there JUST TO EAT.  She's all, "you can't just come down here and EAT!!!"   Well that wasn't my intention,  I wanted to drink their BEER!!  We went back to George's to eat and WHADDYA KNOW?  They have a bar there too.  Thanks George,  we enjoyed your hospitality and your beer!!!
5	Stopped here even though I'm way against anything to do with "Sun Devils".lol.  Great beer selection of super hard to find brews. Even better wine selection downstairs and a laid back lounge. We stopped by and the wife had a glass of wine and I had a pint of Beer Republic beer. Great bartender downstairs with knowledge of beer and wine. I would totally come here to shop and have a drink downstairs in the lounge.
5	Best place to come get a beer in Mesa in my opinion. Great little place to even stop in to get some hard to find beers. If you have some extra time definitely check out the downstairs bar and wine cellar. They usually have beer/wine tastings. Amazing beers on tap. I'm lucky to work across the street ;)
5	So you will stop when the GPS tells you to, and you will instantly double check the address. You will question yourself, because this just CANNOT be it. You expect a wine cellar and what you have is this dinky liquor store. You enter the dinky liquor store and it couldn't be more anonymous, but if you just stay true (Navy term I believe) there is a staircase that leads down. Normally this is a bad sign, never go downstairs in a dinky liquor store - this one is the exception. I find the experience to be a little Narnia-like. But it isn't Narnia; it's a really cool looking wine bar. And this would be cool if this was it - but wait, there's more.There is also a lounge area where people can relax and hang out and the rumor says that they play live music down here. I have totally missed it every time, but I cannot blame the establishment for my failure to plan. They have a nice wine selection, and a limited but eclectic beer selection.I have not been here for the live music, so I cannot say much about the clientele.. but the establishment is really nice. First I was put off by the way I came here (through the dinky liquor store) but now I feel that belongs in a speakeasy kind of way.
5	The liquor store has a great selection and the staff is very knowledgable. But the real gem here is the wine cellar. You can purchase any bottle there and enjoy it in the cellar. If you don't like wine, they have beer on tap too. It's under new management too, so now there is food available. The bartendars are always friendly and full of suggestions too. It's a really neat area with plenty of tables and couches hidden even further in the back. Enjoy the added bonus of no cell phone reception to fully participate in a conversation or lose yourself in a good book.
4	You might drive by and think this is just another average liquor store, but no! My co workers wanted to go here after work and I was very surprised and pleased with this place. Awesome selection upstairs, but go down into the cellar to enjoy a drink yourself.  Staff was very friendly and attentive. Great selection. They even have a little room in the back for gatherings.But one thing...GO wildcats :) ... I had to.
5	without a doubt, my favorite place in the world. This is where you will find me during the zombie apocalypse. When you are pulling up you are telling yourself, hell no! But once you walk in side you are saying hell yes! It is the coolest little spot in the worst neighborhood. And when you walk in the cellar downstairs its like you own the place. Feels like walking in the back of a restaurant like the mafia guys in the 50's movies. The best beers in the world and some you have never heard of, and always have great new drafts on tap. Its the only place I have seen Ska Decadent on tap outside of Ska Bewing. May we drink in peace :)
4	What a pleasant surprise! I've driven by for years and never knew they had a cool, in temperature and ambiance, wine cellar with a little bar serving several quality beers on tap.
4	They always have what we want! Great customer service
4	Great place to hang out with a few friends.  Huge selection of beer and wine.  Reasonably priced and delicious! Our bartender was great!  She even played cards against humanity with us, well until more people came then she had to serve them.  She didn't miss a beat though.  Kept the waters topped off and the draft beer flowing.  Only thing is they need to change their hours so people know the bartender is not there until 5pm on Saturday.  I will go back.
5	Four years ago my future husband and I pulled into a somewhat sketchy-looking parking lot. He wanted to end date with a drink... at the drive-thru liquor store. Really? He assured me that there were exciting things to come, but I was more than a little skeptical. Walking in, it's pretty much what you would expect in a liquor store- beer, wine, liquor. Don't get me wrong, they have a great selection of hard-to-find brews, but it didn't seem promising for a romantic interlude. He directed me towards the back and down a little staircase. When we reached the bottom, expectations were defied. Who knew that below this random liquor store there was a cute bar and wine cellar?We've been back many times and really love this place. The beer selection above is excellent and well-priced. The cellar has various wines by the glass and interesting beer on tap. They only have about 6 beers on tap, but you can always choose something from the hundreds in the fridge.
4	This place has the coolest basement bar.  And now the have a menu from the Blue Adobe Grill across the street.   Very very cool.
1	Nice selection...horrible service. Asked to use bathroom, guy just said no. I said seriously?? He said no...that's it. So instead of spending my money on craft beer in this place, I left. Not coming back..ever.
1	Patronized this business for 5 years buying 6-8 kegs per year.  Approached them this morning for assistance for a non profit organization and did not even get so much as an offer to sell a keg to us at cost, just a lame excuse of being at the end of their donation year.  I thought they were a community friendly business but guess I was mistaken.  Guess I will take my business elsewhere from now on.
5	My pops is a Corona fan, and unfortunately the limes we purchased were old and sour.. just like my old man. KIDDING! It actually ruined the taste of the Corona, and as I find Corona barely tolerable as it is.. this verified I won't be having another one anytime soon.We'd seen Sun Devil Liquors previously while driving to our hotel and decided to give it a go. Walking in we knew.. this was the spot for some brewskies, I tell ya!! From IPA's to Creams to Browns to White's.. Canadian, Japanese, German and so on. I could easily get lost here. Just about ANY beer you could think of is on premise, shelved or in a refrigerator. Oh wait.. they didn't have Labatt's Blue or Molson's.. My dad wanted Labatt's blue and oddly enough it wasn't in stock nor was Molson's. They offered to order the beer for us but because we were only there for a few days it was really pointless, however, it showed they wanted to help a customer out. Thanks.What struck me by surprise was their basement pub / cellar. Wine lined walls and a neat little bar surrounded by stools and a few two tops, dim lights and a friendly bartender made this underground haven a nice little spot to tuck away for a few and a have a cold one with my ol' man. They have a small selection on tap varying by season along with a plethora of choices of wine by glass. You can also bring down a refrigerated beer if the selection downstairs isn't to your liking! A truly knowledgeable staff, great selections across the board and fair prices. Add in a basement pub and you have a winner. Kind of wish I knew of low key spot like this within the Los Angeles area!
5	What a pleasant surprise... a place in a not-so-great area of Mesa that looks like a hole-in-the-wall liquor store at first glance with a great selection of alcohol and a really cool little wine cellar and craft beer bar in the basement.I came here for a special event recently... as part of the Arizona rollout of craft beers from Ninkasi Brewing Company and when I pulled up I wasn't sure what to expect.However, when I walked in, they directed me downstairs and when I went down I found an amazing little underground bar and lounge. The bar is small, with seats for about 6 people, but the room is huge and full of different wines and beers. However, when you walk back further, you find two other rooms with comfortable chairs and couches. Somebody said that it looked like a place where you would find belly dancers and I had to agree, what with the red couches and drapes hanging from the ceilings.Having worked in Mesa for several years some time ago, I think its fair to say that there aren't a lot of places with "character" to get a drink in that city, so I was happy to find that Sun Devil Liquors is there to fill the void. I'm just bummed that I didn't know about it when I was still working in that part of the Valley.
