3	Really good food. Ordered two items took about 20 mins. Worth the wait, really fresh and high quality. The only problem I incurred was when I ordered the chicken fried steak it was actually made with chicken lol. Waitress told me its how they made it but the menu says its made with ground beef. Even though there was a slight hiccup in my order I will be back. I have faith in the egg, would recommend for breakfast.
2	Driven by a few times - used to be pop's grilled cheese- nice layout inside.We walk in around 10:30 am on a sunday - the place is empty... That's not good.GF orders a steak fajita omelet ( something like that ) interestingly she asks for no bell pepper, no onion and asks to add spinach and i believe mushroom.  She's told they have to add .75 cents for each item.  I advise the server that the items she's removing from the omelet  are .75 cents when ordered within the "make your own"' omelet option so isn't fair not to charge for the add on's since she's subtracting two items..." yeah ... I guess so ... ok ."  of course, later those two items will showed up on the bill. I went with the country fried steak and three eggs, hash browns and a pancake.  I've attached a pic of the menu ( so you can see the prices) and pics of the food.after order and getting coffee and water. several other parties came in - sized from one person to 8 so business started picking up.  Unfortunately, this is not good since there is one cook, one server .  eventually one couple left after waiting several minutes to even be acknowledged.The food did take some time to reach us, but i tell ya - the food will keep us coming back with the hope service will improve.The gravy on the country fried steak had good flavor, chunks of bacon and sausage.  The hash browns were seasoned well and the pancake was decent sized and had a slight sweetness to my liking.  You'll notice the menu has several specialty pancakes ala babystack's so that might also garner another visit from me.The omelet was decent - it was 4-egg sized - could've used some more cheese but overall, tasty stuff.prior to ordering we were told that the meal is capped off with some free banana fritters - after asking the now frazzled server for the fritters several times over a 15 minute time span - we opted to leave ...sad this place has potential but the service kinks need serious massaging
5	Wonderful food, wonderful service...everything made from scratch...the meat pies and mediterranean foods are the best!!!!!  Small, personable establishment, just opened month ago..  Kuddos to danny the chef & owner!!!!
5	In a word: DELICIOUS. The service was great, they were all very personable and friendly. We ordered their breakfast. The "famous pancakes" (as opposed to the buttermilk, which we didn't get to try) were mouthwateringly scrumptious. The prices were great as well, perfect fir our budget. Best of all, it's right across from our timeshare! A+ Can't wait to go again. I want to emphasize the generous and sweet staff that they have there. It really felt like a family environment. If you're ever in this area, GO! It's FAR cheaper than any buffet, and most likely more delicious, too. The icing on the cake though, was getting a complimentary plate of banana fritters. Wow, what a perfect way to top off a breakfast! :9
5	This place was amazing! I ordered the crunchy French toast and it was delicious! I will definitely be going back soon!
1	AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL!!!!!!  Waitress was friendly and prompt, but after our order was put in it took over 30 min for the food to reach the table.  I ordered pineapple upside down pancakes.  I don't know how you can mess up pancakes but they did.  The pancakes were so bland and the pineapple was sour.  Terrible!  The country fried steak and gravy was good though.  Between the wait and the awful pancake experience turned me off.  I'll go elsewhere.
4	pancakes yummy!!!!!!!!! next mission to try everything else on the menu (: must come for breakfast or brunch
4	Stayed 4 days in Vegas. [Spring Break week]Hubby checked out local breakfast place on yelp and came across Daily Egg. Inspite of some negative reviews we decided to give it a try, passed by it and saw their sign Grand Opening. The place is nicely decorated very clean and uncluttered looking. The servers were helpful and accomodating. Dany the cook and owner made sure that we were attended to and asked us how everything was. We came here everyday for breakfast/brunch for the 4 days we where in Vegas.Food was made from scratch like the yummy hashbrowns. These were made fresh every order topped with fresh parsley. I tried the mediterranean breakfast twice ask Chef Dany or the servers to help you out with this one since there are many combinations to choose from.These were also good! We tried the buttermilk pancakes (oh so fluffy), Chef Dany's omelet (hubby's fav) and fennel omelet, mediterranean pie-meat (oven baked so not greasy), Daily Egg burger (love the fried egg with the burger). Chef Dany gave us the banana fritters as desert for free. Yummy and crunchy!for our last day we ordered to go Breakfast Sliders came in 4 buns super good and easy to eat while on the road.The cafe is still new and staff and cook are still being trained but service and food cannot compare to your fast food chains and breakfas buffet. Try Daily Egg when you are craving for gourmet food and good service.(Check out food photos)
5	What can I say, the food is delicious. What to expect:European style service. They're attentive, but not bugging you. The environment is comfortable and inviting. They promptly filled our drinks as needed. Expect a bit of a wait for the food, but obviously good food takes time. It's not your slap-together American style restaurant. There were customers coming in and out and it was steadily busy.We ordered the Daily Egg Burger, which was HUGE, and also delicious. The meat was thick and seasoned with garlic. They cook it however you want it. Served on European style baguette. My Chicken Shawarma was DELICIOUS and authentic. The best one I've had in a long time. Chicken was tender with sauces and seasoning that complimented the whole wrap. We also had some Baklava that was delicious and not too gooey, just right. I will come back again, it was a great experience with great food.
3	Alright, first the bad part....if you get there during peak breakfast time, you'll be left waiting for over 45 min. to 1 hour here for your food...and its not even complicated food. Asked the hostess why the long wait and she said there's only 1 cook in the back. Anyways, the good part is the food is somewhat good. Ordered the meat lovers omelet and it was tasty, portion was big, and the pancakes that come with it were large also. If this restaurant would get its orders out faster this 3 star restaurant would turn into a 5 star!
3	I work right up the street so I was really excited to see The Daily Egg open up. My boss wanted to order breakfast for the office recently, so I suggested we give them a try. We ordered 5 meals for takeout, so this review is not taking service into account at all... If I was basing my review on what my coworkers had, I'd go 4 stars. The two omelets and the classic three egg breakfast that three of my coworkers had were all good, they had no complaints.(And they know I Yelp everything we eat so if there is anything to complain about, they do, haha) Another coworker had the croissant breakfast sandwich which was good but he said he has had better for cheaper. If I was basing my review on only what I had, I'd go with a 2. I had the breakfast sliders and they were rather disappointing. You get 4 with your choice of ham, bacon or sausage. And no, you can not mix and match, which I wanted to. Lame. So I ended up getting sausage ones, and I wouldn't do that again.The sliders are served on the yummy little Hawaiian rolls, but that's the only thing I can say good about them. All four buns were connected, it would have been nice if they were separated from each other, like sliders should be. The sausage was not patties like I had assumed but rather links cut into pieces and cooked with the eggs. The cheese was MIA. Basically I got an omelet between 4 connected buns. Not what I was hoping for and not easy to eat either, who expects to need a knife to eat sliders?! So... 4 stars based on coworkers.... 2 stars based on my own food. 3 star review it is!It's pretty likely we will order from them again at some point, I won't get the sliders though.
5	Very excellent build my own omelet.  Will definitely visit again when I'm here!
5	Truly excellent breakfast.  We liked it so much we went back the next day.The second day I had the Lemon Poppy Pancakes, which were a sight to behold.  They had to be 12" in diameter, they covered the entire plate.Cannot recommend enough.
5	They have Shwarma!  The Avengers would have loved it.We came here because of the Yelp reviews.  From outside it looked kind of iffy.  Inside, the place was empty at 8am.  What's wrong with this place?  Nothing!  Food was great!  Shwarma lean and tasty.  Best pancakes I've ever had in a restaurant!  Service was thoughtful and prompt.  Place was clean.  Prices were very good.  If this place was in Seattle, it would have had a line at the door.
5	I eat here every week, everything I've tried on the menu is delicious, plus the baklava is amazing. I can't recommend them higher. No way to improve
4	Mom and pop shop, that has that cozy feeling and friendly wait staff. There was a period where i went here one week in a row, and sampled what they have to offer. I Love this place!Beef Schwarma: 3.5/5I just got done watching The Avengers so for some reason I was craving schwarma as I never had one before. When I came home I found a new flyer on my door for the Daily Egg and noticed they had schwarma! Sweet!The meal came with fries which were amazing. The schwarma is like a Mediterranean burrito, is the best way to describe it. Good amounts of meat and vegetables, warm bread and had a sauce on it. It was good, but didnt think it was Omg nom nom nom nom!Chicken Tenders: 3/5Its good, but not bad. Its made a little differently but its nothing to write home about.Chicken and Waffles: 4/5Has the chicken tenders as above, but the waffle is awesome! Homemade with powdered sugar on top.Nutella Crepe: 5/5Nutella, bananas, chocolate syrup and whip cream. It would be a crime to mess that up.Sliders: 5/5Sweet hawaiian rolls, made with a good sized portion of ground beef with their delicious fries! I LOVE their sliders!Wait staff: 3/5 This one older lady with an accent is great! Then you have this younger one where I tested her by putting my empty glass at the edge of the table, to where one touch it would fall off the side. And still nothing, she just stood there with a blank stare, ugh! The owner is nice enough, but can work on his people skills. Over all the place is great. The wait staff is rocky, but they're still new so i can give them a pass for now. Next time they better have their A game.
5	Was in vegas for 1 days too many. Our last day there we had to check out of our hotel at 12 and our flight didn't leave till 10pm. We wanted to get the hell away from the caos of the strip and eat somewhere we didn't hear any slot machines. We rented a car and ended up here. We wanted the chill cafe type of place. We walk in and Im assuming the 2 their were the owners not positive. We were greeted by an older gentleman who was very kind and let us sit where we wanted. The woman helping us was just as nice and cute as the man. She was very friendly and helpful. My friend ordered the breakfast sliders. Looked super good, I ordered the chicken tenders. I imagined the norm like fried chicked strips but these were almost like friend wings type. Not sure how to explain them. But they were still good. Loved the flavor and they were very attentive and it was just a really comfortable enviroment there
5	Wow!!! My boyfriend and I were a little worried when we walked into an empty restaurant. I guess 9 is early for Vegas time. I had the steak and eggs. Ordered it medium and it was cooked perfectly. My boyfriend had chicken fried steak and what's. Each meal comes with 2 sides as well. One of the sides was pancakes (wow) we both had fresh fruit ( cantaloupe, watermelon and red apple) and hash browns. They were very thin almost like spaghetti squash. Everything was cooked perfectly. To top it off we got complimentary backlava!! So tasty!!!
5	Awesome breakfast place. We found this place based on Yelp reviews, after deciding we didn't want to spend $30/breakfast at one of the Vegas brunches. We definitely made the right choice. We were waited on by a somewhat older couple who might be the owners, and they were very friendly and attentive--we never had to worry about the coffee getting low. The food was delicious. This is one of those great places that does the basics right--pancakes, eggs, etc.--while ALSO having some unique things on the menu (like a fennel omlette) that you won't find elsewhere, and which taste super delicious. Plus, the servings were very generous, and we could pick from several really delicious sides to go with our eggs. I was very pleased with my meal--the eggs were perfectly cooked and the pancake was awesome; not at all heavy, and the perfect treat before our drive to, and short hike in, the Mojave. I like the basics for breakfast and am picky about them, and the food here was spot on. I was surprised when I went in and saw that it was not too crowded. While I was glad we didn't have to wait to be seated, this is definitely the kind of place that deserves a long line. It was only an 8-minute drive from our hotel, and totally worth it.
3	big portions, the 'side' pancake is HUGE. everything was good.
4	This place rocks!  I only haven't given it 5 stars because I've only been there once, and want to try it again before I can give it an absolute thumbs way up.  For those of you who love egg white omelets, this place has a "snow white" omelet (vegetarian) that comes "pancake" style cooked hard, just the way I like it.  It comes with a bowl of fruit (watermelon, cantaloupe, apple, and pineapple), and hash browns which are awesome - cut really really think, with a nice crisp on top.  One thing I really loved about their eggs was that they didn't cook them in butter or drench them in oil, so if you're picky about overly buttered/oiled eggs, then you can rest easy at the daily egg. My breakfast-mate ordered the chicken schwarma, which was pretty tasty.  It comes with four fluffy eggs (and yes, they are really fluffy), wrapped in a taco-like pita that is bursting at the seams, hash browns, and your choice of toast/english muffin.  The flavor of the schwarma wasn't out of this world, but it was pretty tasty as far as schwarma goes.They also serve lunch, and have some pretty delicious looking pancakes on the menu, and a gyro omelet that I'm going to put on my to-eat list.  To summarize, this place knows how to cook a mean egg, and it's got some interesting mediterranean-ish options on the menu to keep it interesting.  The service was also unobtrusive but attentive - I think it's a husband and wife team who own it, and they're really nice but don't bug you too much when you're eating.  **Also, this place has free wifi.
4	Ive been here twice, for breakfast.  Service can be a bit slow, and it's weird how there aren't more customers.  $9 got me a pancake the size of a dinner plate (this is a side), plus a large omelete, and a side of fruit.  High quality homecooking.  If you can be patient, you'll like this place.
1	This review is for the customer service and management. I purchase a yelp deal ($10 for $15) and the manager or owner basically did everything possible to stop me from using the deal. We first arrived on a sunday morning, and after showing our yelp deal, the owner claimed the deal was only valid on weekdays. No where on the details of the deal does it state that the deal would only be applicable on weekdays, however, I still decided to give it a try. We asked the waitress what else we needed to know about the deal and she said as long as we came in on a weekday, we would be able to show the deal and use it. The second time we came back, the waitress claimed we couldn't use the deal because we didn't print out the offer......ok, no where on the deal does it state we have to print this offer, it says to show them the redemption code (as with all other yelp deals). We asked to speak to the manager and the waitress came back saying "oh he's busy right now." We asked if we could wait because we're from LA so we don't have every opportunity to come out here. She came back saying "he says you cannot use the deal. There's nothing I can do about this..." we turn around and clearly see the manager just standing in the kitchen not doing anything. We asked one more time if we could speak to him and she came back and said "he's too busy to talk to you, you cannot use the deal..." Honestly, he couldn't even come out and tell us himself? He had to pretend he was "busy" and send her saying the same thing each time. WORST customer service ever - it's not even about the deal, the fact is he couldn't event take 2 minutes of his time to come talk to a customer. If they really dont want you to use the deal - why offer one? Obviously, the deal is no longer on yelp. I will never return, and I highly advise you do the same as the food was nothing to rage about and customer service seems to be  non existent.
5	We loved this place for breakfast! Our Pancakes were HUGE and so tasty.  The Snow White omelet (egg white omelet) was fantastic and a MUST try is the Crispy French Toast.  Whenever in Vegas this will be a definite stop!  Yuta (spelling?) is a wonderful, sweet lady that showed us nothing but LOVE xoxoox ps we were even given baklava as an after breakfast treat... ;)
5	We ordered two breakfast specials for $6.99 which consisted of two eggs, choice of bacon or sausage and choice of toast and hash browns.  Everything was cooked perfectly and the hash browns were really scrumptious.  They were made from scratch and tasted yummy.  We also ordered the peanut butter and banana waffle which was really great.  Coffee was also very good.  We were very satisfied with the entire experience and overall taste and portion size.  The owner also brought us some baklava with our check.  Homemade and yummy.  A very cute restaurant and very clean with a nice atmosphere.  Yet to be discovered.  Give it a try, you will love it!
3	I didnt have the best time but it wasnt bad the french toast was awsome yeah boy
4	Hey Now!gotta try the Gyro!!!awesome!!
5	I don't normally make an effort to do a review on a restaurant, but felt like this cafe needed a five star rating. Visiting Vegas from out of town, searched yelp and found this cute little place a few minutes from Strip. We ended up eating there again before we left. Hash browns are amazing! Delicious fluffy pancakes, both buttermilk and lemon poppyseed. Seems to be a family operated business and the service is exceptional. Great place for kids too. Our kids were given crayons to entertain them and the kids meals are well priced and portions are huge. I wish I could eat here every weekend!
4	Great food,big portions, slow service...I would go back
5	mom and pop place for breakfast.  It was delicious.
4	Great breakfast and wonderful baklava!
4	Good food and service from owners. Friendly and accommodating to some degrees.
4	The 6.99 Yelp special is no longer valid. They have a 7.99 special now.OK now to the good part. The pancakes were huge! If you been to Hash House a Go Go, thats how big they are. We ordered the pancake combo and our waiter Danny, brought us The Daily Egg Famous Pancake and the Banana Chocolate Chip Pancakes. We were only supposed to pick one flavor, but he was nice to give us two different flavors without charging us extra. We also ordered the Classic Three Egg Breakfast with 2 slices of bacon and hash brown. Now that I think of it, he forgot to bring me my wheat toast, but whatever. They were nice and I was already full. At the end of our meal, they gave us two small pieces of baklava. That was really good. I cant wait to go back there again to try other items on their menu.
4	A breakfast place WITH MEDITERRANEAN FOOD?! Did I just die and go to heaven. Delicious food, large portions. The owners were obviously very proud of what they were serving, which I thought was awesome. All the food was made from scratch. Will definitely go again.Also has free delivery!
3	Dear Daily Egg.. your customer service is horrible. The servers are clueless. I mean it is really bad! Let me explain. On our first visit my friend asked what was in the specific omelet, and the server grabbed the menu and read right off it??? My friend wanted to know specifically what one item in the omelet was. Then the server says you will like our omelets they are better than other places and so we asked what makes them better, and he said we season them different, so you guessed it, we asked what do they season them with... answer... "Seasoning". So based on a cheesecake picture on yelp I ordered the cheesecake. Bill comes out and no cheesecake. So I politely remind them they didn't get my cheesecake. He leaves to what I assume is, to get the cheesecake. Nope he goes and serves another table. So finally I have to get up and ask him for my cheesecake. I visibly see him take it out of the fridge and take the saranwrap of and wallah cheesecake. IT LOOKS NOTHING LIKE THE YELP PHOTO.. it looks like a slice of cheesecake you buy at Albertsons. Second visit, same server.. Lord Help US!! We tell him we want separate checks. He acknowledges with no problem. Bill comes, no separate checks. So we ask the on-duty manager for separate checks and she asks us what we each had. After we tell her.. I kid you not, she goes around the table and I quote, she says to each of us " Ok you owe 12 to 13 dollars, you owe 9 to 11 dollars" WHEEEEAAAT??? So we figured out how much each of meals was for her with drinks, exact amount and tip to cover our bill. Train your staff or higher better help!!!The food is actually really good though! So the food get's 4-5 stars and the service get 0-1 star so it averages out to 3.
5	This is the place to eat breakfast!! Not far off the strip, but far from strip prices! Fresh food and friendly folks! The classic gyro omelet was delish and comes with 2 sides. I chose fresh fruit and a giant pancake. So much food! Boyfriend got the check-in special. 3 eggs, hash browns, and bacon for $6.99! Don't miss this place!
4	Good, fresh breakfast. Had the meat Lover omelette. Would return.
2	The customer service here is an abhorrence. Which makes me feel a little bad actually, because the owner himself seems like such a sweetheart. So I hope he reads some of the reviews on here - and make some changes to his restaurant staff. The servers are slow, disinterested, and not very friendly. The food is typical diner food, nothing special imo. The turkey sausage I had tasted frozen - extremely dry and possibly freezer-burned. The "chef's special" chicken and waffle which the waitress pushed was actually a waffle with fried chicken tenders on the side. Yeah, chicken tenders... go figure. The only thing I kind of liked was the buttermilk pancake, which was nothing special but reminded me of the pancakes I'd eat as a kid at IHOP or something.So I think it's safe to say you will never catch me back here again. Ever. Are you people who give this place glowing 5 star reviews on crack? Wait, my pancakes didn't come with a side of crack...
5	The pancake here is unreal!!!! They just earned a loyal customer from one visit.  I will be back at every trip I make to Vegas.  Outstanding homemade pancake.
4	Be sure to try their BAKLAVA - A+
5	I'm reading a couple reviews on the bad waitresses which I can understand. But you are going to get bad waitresses anywhere it's all a crap-shoot. You can't let something like that overpower your appreciation for what in my opinion, is probably the best breakfast in Las Vegas!!!As for the food, I grew up in NY and really appreciate mom n pop/private owners who care about their food and put their heart into it and dont  just focus on cutting corners to make a few extra bucks. I was absolutely amazed at how great this food was here.I ordered an egg-white spinach omelette with onions, peppers, tomatoes,  and a pinch of cheese, which came with an unbelievably perfectly cooked MASSIVE pancake, and a side of fresh fruit.  Honestly, I work out and try to eat somewhat healthy, so I had only planned on taking a few bites of the pancake but was dominated by it and caved with a result of an empty plate when the buzzer went off.The presentation of the food was immaculate, the omelette was outstanding. One of the best pancakes I've ever eaten. The fruit was as fresh as it could be in Las Vegas.I sound like a family member I know, I promise I am not lol.But for people who appreciate great food and live in Las Vegas, there is no way you can go eat here and not be satisfied with, because I am the toughest food critic in the world.The owner was there and was also my waiter, and he even gave me a free piece of baklava (there's probably a 1% chance I spelled that right lol), which was  delicious and an awesome close to my meal.I left stuffed as a turkey.I am all about pride and appreciation for their own food when I go to a family establishment, and this place is 100% dedicated to great food.If this guy could ever get a better location (Not exactly a busy plaza where it's at), I could see him making quite a name for his place in the future.
1	Nothing special, other than orange juice taste like poo. The waiter refuse to redeem the YELP checkin offer , she said I have to print it out ! Its ridiculous,  what a scam! Yelp shoule take them down.
4	Went to the daily egg this morning and I had the gyros sandwich and it was delicious.  My friend had the shawarma sandwich and he said that was delicious also.  There was only 1 waitress but she was pretty fast for being by herself.  Will definitely go again.
5	Was in town to visit a relative and decided to come here for our departing meal. Breakfast was fantastic. Food was fresh and tasty. Service was friendly. Nothing fancy but that is not what you would come here for anyway. We had a great experience.
2	I really wanted to like this place. Unfortunately, I didn't try out their Mediterranean dishes, was feeling more Chicken and Waffles route. My chicken was over friend, extra crispy and bone dry. My brother got the chicken fried steak which was doused in gravy, it was also sub par and lacked something special. Wanted to order an espresso, but their machine was broken. All in all, service was mildly helpful and friendly, but the food wasn't amazing. I prefer Egg Works for breakfast. To be brutally honest, my brother and I both wished we had just stuck to our normal breakfast place that always delivers consistent service and quality food. We were in the adventurous mood to try something new. Sorry, all, but this place was a bit of a dud.
5	Dude! This place rocks! Don't let the strip mall exterior fool you - the food is delicious, cooked to perfection + excellently priced. Pancakes = perfectly chewy. Omelette = awesomely decadent. Biscuits + Gravy = perfect hangover cure ^_^ They don't skimp on anything here! Highly recommended!!
5	Service was very friendly and fast. The food, though, was excellent. The omelette is served "pancake" style but one of the better omelettes I have had. I doubt I will ever eat breakfast in one of the casinos again. As hard as it is to screw up breakfast, most casino restaurants find a way. Since my guys and I are in Vegas twice a year for trade shows, we decided this is our new breakfast spot.
3	3.5 stars Place is smallish but newish lol we came on a tuesday morning didn't have enough servers, agree service her was slow. food is good and prices are fair so not bad at all. Not out of the way but you need a car to get here from the strip. Located in a strip mall so either you're local or about to hit the road back to where ever you came  from.Solid place no major issues!
5	We loved it. Large portions and good home cookin food.
2	Seriously? How are you gonna mess up my eggs when the name of your restaurant is the Daily Egg? I ordered the breakfast sandwich with bacon. I was expecting a nice fluffy egg, a couple strips of bacon, and a slice of cheese on a soft flaky croissant. Instead I received a burnt omelet on a flavorless piece of cardboard. I could barely eat this ridiculous excuse of a sandwich. However, it is a good thing my order came with 2 sides. I figured the hash browns had to be better than what I just tried to eat. WRONG! These hash browns were just as awful! Is there anyone in charge of quality control on the orders going out? Someone with any sense would have known to not serve these burnt  potatoes. At this point, i was getting pissed off. But wait, I still had a gigantic pancake to eat. Ahhhhhh, that's more like it. A nice sized fluffy pancake --second to only Du-par's in my book. Was that a hint of lemon zest? A dusting of powdered sugar? Too bad I wasted  most of my appetite on that slop earlier. This meal was a major disappointment for me as I really wanted to like this place. The only thing saving this place from 0 stars is the heavenly pancakes. Perhaps a name change to " The Daily Pancake" would be more appropriate.
4	Before our Vegas trip, I had bookmarked Hash House a Go Go, but I was a little afraid of their giant portions.  Since The Daily Egg was right near where we were staying, we came here instead.Thanks to Yelp, I knew they had some Mediterranean options, along with lots of good ol' American breakfast items.  I ordered the gyro omelet.  Breakfast dishes come with two sides, so I went with hash browns and fruit (yeah, I was trying to be a LITTLE healthy!).  The omelet was delicious, but so big I couldn't finish it.My husband tried the oatmeal pancakes, and my daughter had the plain buttermilk pancakes.  These might have been the tastiest pancakes I've ever tried.  I don't know what they put in them, but they are definitely doing something right!  Unfortunately, the portions were so large, the two of them could have split a single order and been completely satisfied.Service was a tad slow and not particularly friendly, but the great food made up for that.  On our visit, the lone TV was tuned to Fox News, which made it a little hard to digest my food.  Still, everything was great, so if I'm ever in the area again, I'll be back.
3	Typed "breakfast" into Yelp, this place popped up. We came on a Mon morning, so it was mostly empty. Sat down and ordered a couple waters and my gf got a coffee. Waters came, no coffee. Finally had to flag the waitress down to remind her, and when it came my gf swears she gave her a sneer when she dropped it off. I didn't see it, but the waitress did seem a little perturbed that we had to remind her. I ordered the Western omelet with light cheese. Historically, anytime I get an omelet with cheese on it they slather than damn thing. It also came with fresh fruit and a pancake. Anyway, my food came out, but my gf's didn't. Then her omelet came out. A few minutes later, her hash brown came out. Then later still, her fruit was brought to her. Uh, that sure is a weird way to serve your customers. Considering there were 5 or 6 other people in here, I'm not sure what was up with the staggered delivery. Omelet was good, but they cook them in butter, so they taste fatty and buttery. Too bad because otherwise it was a picture perfect omelet. Fat, pillowy, full of tasty stuff... it had everything I require. The side of pancake was one really big, thin pancake, coated in powdered sugar. Tasted pretty good; nothing too noteworthy. Decent breakfast, moderately priced, acceptable service. Can't say I see much of a reason to go back.
3	Located in a strip Mall. Was suprised at the first appearance for the place. Nice and clean. Register is on the right when you enter next to one o those large Fridges you see at Coffee and Bakery places in the casinos filled with muffins and drinks. Sat down at a booth table with my husband and 2 kids. My husband aske what came with the Pineapple Upsode Down Cake Pancakes and she sai nothing. Mind you, for 3 pancakes it cost over $9. So I was thinking, I hope these pancakes speak for themselves and be worth the price. He ordered the Pancake Combo which came with Pancakes and a choice of 2 sides for $9.49 "Hmm... Odd that the price was almost the same" I asked for the Nutella and Banana Crepe. And this is what she said "Let me check with the chef because I think I sold the last one", then she comes back an says "Yes we don't have any crepes, Indid sell the last one" In my head I was thinking "Last time I checked, a crepe is something that you make fresh per order" I wasn't buying a bottle of water, it was a crepe. Ok so I asked for the Crunchy French Toast and my kids both wanted the silver dollar pancakes for $6 it would be $3 more if we wanted to add eggs or sausage, etc... Time passes by and it seems like it has been over 20min before receiving our food. My husband started getting hot as well as my 4 year old daughter. I realized it felt like no air was on. It was really stuffy in there. My husbands pancakes came out and were huge and looked like someone three a few maraschino cherries and canned pineapple chunks on top. Not a pleasant first impression. GE said it tasted *ok but nothing like his Fav dessert. He said definitly not worth over $9. My French toast actually tasted quite delicious. Be warned. The kids silver dollar pancakes are huge. Not at all the size of a silver dollar pancake. Our kids couldn't finish their food. One of those orders could have fed both of them. Pros:-My Crispy French Toast was delicious -Our server seemed nice and came by to ask if we needed anything -Clean and Bright place -Cons:-Food took a long time-Out of Crepes. Umm... So make some. Or if you were out of batter, then say that not "I sold the last crepe. No crepes are made ready" -Consider making the silver dollar pancakes actually silver dollar size and lessening the price. Why do we have to pay extra for one egg and a slice of bacon for the kids? I mean $7 for pancakes and no sides for the kids? -Pineapple Upside Down Pancake was a flop :-/-What would make it better:-More variety to choose from the breakfast menu. Not everyone wants 3 pancakes with a side of sausage. Some may want one pancake, 2 eggs, and sausage. If I were to ask for this, it would have cost me so much. -The temperature was at least in the mid to high 80s. Please monitor your building temperature -Consider using real Pineapple juice in the pineapple pancake batter, have real slices of Pineapple to accompany the pancake instead of throwing chunk can pineapples on top of it. A Brown Sugar Whipped Butter would go delicious with this as well
1	I wanted to like this place! I was expecting at least on par with The Cracked Egg (our usual breakfast joint) or Egg & I or even the awesome Babystacks in Summerlin. Wanted to try something new, but Daily Egg was not at all what I had hoped. With a 4-star Yelp rating, you come to have a certain expectation. Feeling misled here. And it was the "last morning in Vegas" breakfast with my BFF. :-(Service: she spent more time on her phone than paying attention to the two seated tables in the place. Would disappear for extended periods, leaving us looking at our empty coffee cups. Odd to notice there were no spoons at any of the table settings throughout the entire resto. Ok, I can stir my coffee with a knife, but goes to show... Snow White Omelet: watery, no flavor. Hash browns: no other flavor besides the food industry grease they use. Huge pancake (paid $1 extra for the lemon poppyseed) - tasted nothing of lemon, and in fact had no discernable flavor - it is a thin disc of gummy white flour nothingness. Tennis ball sized scoop of butter atop the flour frisbee: also *no flavor!* - not even the butter tasted like anything. Worst of all, the coffee. I had such a bad taste in my mouth by the time this breakfast was over, I reached for my Altoids tin first thing after getting in my car. Guessing their whole menu's stock comes from a commercial food industry supplier - easily-supplied mass packaged "food product" chosen over quality and flavor. Ick. I mean, this wasn't even greasy-spoon-diner "good."My BFF had eggs and hash, he finished it, also hated the coffee, and took one bite of his pancake, and left it.$30 for this lame breakfast, when we could have had a memorable breakfast at any of the other three stellar places mentioned above. This is one of those times when trying a new place didn't pan out. Breakfast bummer.
2	Probably one of the worst all-around experiences I've had in a while. Came here a few Sundays agoMistake #1Our waitress either:a) hates her job.b) hates life in general.c) Both.I have no idea why this girl would be hired in the first place. The only words that were exchanged between her and uswere "What are you having" and "Here".  And to be honest, the way she was with her other customers, we were treated the best. She didn't crack a smile- she didn't even look at us. She just seemed as though she was miserable and did not want to be there.Mistake #2Out of pancakes by 9 am on a Saturday????!!!!!Luckily, my husband must have ordered the very last one but we heard her tell the people sat behind us - "We are out of pancakes". There wasn't a "I'm sorry we are out of pancakes" or "We don't have pancakes now but we will in 20 minutes" -- it was just a cold, matter-of-fact, unapologetic "We are out of pancakes".  Mistake #3The food presentation. My Chicken Fried Steak was so-so, but I must mention that the picture posted here does not look  ANYTHING like what  was handed to me. My hubby ordered chicken and waffles.. when he got his order he got a plate of 2 chicken fingers & ranch placed next a plate of a waffle. The expectation of the order was Chicken and waffles but it seemed like it was 2 separate orders. Plus it took over 7 minutes (i counted) for her to put syrup on the table. And despite getting the last order of pancakes ---- they were cold.... cold enough that the huge glob of butter that they put on top didn't even melt at all.So why two stars instead of 1? The food was okay. The expectations were high because of the reviews, but all in all, the food (other than the cold pancakes) was standard. I'd like to think that this breakfast place has potential to be better if they hire better servers and order more pancake mix.... but until then, I'm sticking to Mr. Mama's - it's just down the street from here.
4	I enjoyed a very good breakfast here today.  The "fresh fruit" side is excellent including melons, pineapple, strawberries and kiwi.  I only wish it was a little larger serving.  My biggest complaint is that water is served in plastic glasses and therefore just doesn't taste nearly as good as if real glass glasses were used.
2	The food was excellent. I really enjoyed the Crunchy French Toast that I had. I felt that I couldn't give them only one start when the food was really good.But my visit was very disappointing. We visited on the afternoon of 4/21/13. This was my last day of vacation and I wanted a late breakfast. Nearby yelp search showed that this and Mr. Mama's was nearby. The Daily Egg had a half a star lesser rating, but we decided to go here because they had a yelp check-in special for the Breakfast Special for $6.99.When we showed them the check in special on my phone they simply stated "You had to of printed it out." We explained that that's a little difficult to do when your checking-in to a place on a mobile phone. The waitress explained that it wasn't her rule that it was the establishment's. Besides that, I wasn't impressed with the service as we hardly saw the waitress much and only ever got one refill on our drinks.They should not be listing a check-in special if they aren't going to honor it. Two problems:1. People checking-in on a mobile app are not going to be carrying around a printer.2. There is no print option from the app. So I have to take a screenshot of the deal, send it to my PC and have it printed from there? You're average user isn't going to know how to do that.
5	Not enough stars!  Better than 5!
4	I had the Spanish omelette,  Very good I'd come back.  Hash browns were nice & stringy !!!
1	This place use to be our go to place for shawarma but has since changed hands and currently does not offer anything on the Mediterranean menu anymore. The quality of their ingredients have also been lowered  (freezer fries for "fresh cut fries").
4	I was here this morning and really liked it.  I ordered the biscuits and gravy. It was delicious. I did wish the biscuits were bigger. We all loved our food and finished it all.  The decor is great. Nice and clean.I've read other reviews and they say service is bad however, I had good service. The waiters were nice, speaking with my 10 month old. I do admit it took a while to get our food when there weren't that many people there. Only 2 other tables.
4	Pancakes were ginormous and they have an awesome Vegetarian menu. Staff was SUPER friendly.
3	The waiter was attentive and helpful.  The omelet was good.  But holy fatoosh don't order the grape leaves.  Yikes...it had some sort of reddish goo spread over one of the pieces, almost like the others had it scraped off.  Took one bite and sent it back.  The decor was like a yellow mausoleum with small cubby holes surrounding the dining room, like a place for an urn of ashes.  I guess the food would be hit and miss.  Thank goodness the omelet was good.
1	Food is decent, nothing great. However I have done to-go 2 times and both times found a hair in my food. The first time was a long grey beard hair in my omelet and again today was a brown hair in my potatoes. That kind of food handling is not acceptable.
4	Due to having badly sprained my ankle I was unable to go out and get food for my niece & I. I decided to order food. Problem was I only had a $100 bill. After being told by a few of the pizza joints in my area that they could not break change I found The Daily Egg here on Yelp! I called in and was told they weren't delivering BUT the person on the phone told me he would be happy to deliver my order to me AND would be able to make change!! This totally made my day as we were starving and trying to get a place to deliver. We ordered the Buttermilk Pancakes, Belign Waffle combo, & I ordered an omelette but he must've misheard and put in hummus. The food was delicious! Big giant pancakes we couldn't finish but still very good. Also even though it wasn't what I originally ordered the hummus was great! Glad because now I can snack on that later when I get hungry before my fiance is home for dinner plans. After I paid in which the gentleman who delivered had already taken out my check when giving me change and I didn't know I paid him for the order plus tip. He could've left with a $30 tip but instead did the right thing and came back to knock on my door and tell me he had already taken it out and the money I gave him was way too much! Its very hard to find honest people in this world but the gentleman who also was the MANAGER who delivered my order is an outright honest & amazing person. I feel bad because I forgot his name but he is the manager at The Daily Egg and wears glasses. I will most definitely be ordering and going to The Daily Egg to support this business just based on the managers actions alone! Thank you so much for delivering when no one else would!!
5	Exceptional service, friendly staff! I had the Snow White Omelet and it was amazing-egg whites were so light and fluffy! My husband had the French Toast Combo and he really enjoyed it. Try the Home Fries-mmmmm! Upon paying for our meal, our waiter gave us 2 free muffins to take with us. We definitely have an excellent breakfast stop when we are in town!!!
1	It was horrible food and service but atleast my OJ was good lolI should've held out til lunch :( for somewhere else.
1	I checked out yelp review before I decided to go to Daily Egg.  I went there the place looked nice and clean.  Food horrible and service wasn't bad because of attitudes or anything.  It was mostly lack of knowing what a craft of orange juice is.  Screwed up the order for 3 people.  They only had 4 other parties in the whole place.  This one is worth passing up.  Mr. Mamas is right down the street and taste better.  I will not be returning to this place ever again.
5	We are not from the area and just drove down Decatur and ran across "The Daily Egg". We thought we would go ahead and give it a try. I am surprised by the feedback on yelp because our meal was excellent and the service was excellent! Our order did take a while to come out but the food made the little extra wait well worth it.  I highly recommend!
5	We're in town from California, for a soccer tournament and happened to find this diamond in the rough. Outstanding food, and even better service. A definite must to visit if your in las Vegas. Ito and staff from front to back,  made this a great experience for my family. Thank you .Patrick tyler
5	Great service.  They said the chairs move, not at all sure what that means...ordered steak and eggs and the yelp special.  Very honey vibe, which is surprising considering its right off the street.  Our server giggled....super underrated, love a good giggle.  Food was great and not expensive.  Great find to hide away from kids.
1	We went here on a Tuesday morning for either breakfast, lunch or dinner. Well.... I ordered the special which was a tuna melt. I traditional tuna melt is tuna salad with cheese melted on top and its warm.  My friend ordered steak & eggs. My tuna melt came out as fried tuna without mayo and it was fishy!So..... about 15 minutes goes by and someone comes over to my table who appears to be the owner and said we don't have any more steak would you like something else?What's wrong with this picture? WOW REALLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Oh and did I forgot to mention our waiter was clueless! He stood behind us while we were ordering, he didn't even make eye contact. He also has no clue on how to be a server. First and Last Time at this place!
4	Delicious food, quick service, and super friendly staff! The crispy french toast was delicious when topped with strawberries. I'm definitely coming back the next time I'm in town.
1	This was our 3rd time here. The first two times where good but this time it was the worst. There was only 1 other table with two women who raved about there food and kept saying how it was the best in town (which makes me think they have zero taste buds and think Mcdonalds is gourmet food). The first thing that bothered me was the health department rating placed at eye level at the front door. As someone who works in the restaurant business, the only time you make it really clear your an A rating is if the health department dinged you and you want to show that your back to an A. My wife ordered the chicken fried steak and eggs (her favorite breakfast thing)  which came with 3 cold eggs and canned brown gravy (there was zero doubt that this was canned gravy). I had the breakfast croissant sandwich which consisted of two eggs, 2 slices of processed American cheese (even thought I asked for Swiss cheese) and 2 slices of processed water ham on a  "home made" croissant which was the same kind you can buy from your local grocery store . The waitress apologized for the cheese mix up and got me two pieces of "Swiss" cheese which was the processed white cheese kind. Both of us ordered home fries that turned out to be the same kind you can buy in a bag from a grocery store and the only seasoning you can taste is from an unclean grill. The only thing we are all of was the toast. Even thought my sandwich cost $7.99 on the check it said $8.49. I wasn't in the mood to argue cause after eating a small portion of my meal I just wanted to get out and find a restroom. If your thinking bout going to this place just keep driving.
1	Terrible. Came here because of all the reviews and had a terrible experience. I ordered the protein pancakes and their was no nuts in the pancake and it was just on top. They were dense and chewy, very unappetizing. My friend got the lemon poppy pancakes and their was no lemon flavor, just poppy seeds and the same dense texture. The lady kept asking if we had had enough to eat as if the portion was massive ( may I add that the portion was only big because of the dense cake). The waitress was clueless about the menu and and bussed our table and took 10 mins to take the check after, but gave us the check two minutes after we got our pancakes. This was a terrible experience, I would not recommend this place to anyone.
5	I haven't even gotten my food yet and this place deserves 5 stars. It smelled delicious when we walked in. The service is amazing. My Carmel macchiato is better than Starbucks and cheap. Their menu is unique and has lots of options. They let my bf sample (a large sample) their oj because he's picky about his juice. They also let him have an extra side at no charge cause he thought his breakfast came with two. The food was excellent. And our waiter was great. Overall great experience here and will deff come back!
2	Sunday afternoon with the family, my mom decided to introduce me to her favorite brunch place. I was stoked it was a mom and pop place.The gentleman/owner recognized my mother and sat us in a booth. We ordered out beverages and hen he disappeared for a good solid 5 minutes, then another server came over and asked if we'd been helped. This place is tiny, so this was a bit bizarre. No big deal. Our drinks came shortly after and then we ordered.My sister ordered the cornbeef hash and eggs and it was rather bland. She got a side of home fries, which didn't have onion or peppers or any real seasoning, they were cut potatoes fried in a pan. My mother had the meat lovers omelet which was nothing special. I ordered the crunchy French toast and it was delightful. My mother didn't her her biscuits and gravy that she had ordered and I had to remind them of my side of bacon. It took 2x me asking to get it.All in all, the food was 2.5 stars worthy and, but the piss poor service dinged that right off. Although our waiter was friendly, he was inconsistent and we were the only patrons in the establishment.
4	I had their daily chicken and waffles. The chicken is hand battered and the waffle is crunchy! They serve a tasty cup of coffee in large mug, and their toast is perfect; I had sour dough. Nice breakfast spot if you're in the area
2	Ended up here as Mr. Mama's had a 45 minute wait.  This place was just ok.We both ordered the 2 egg special with our eggs "over medium"- they came sunny side up.  While the cook may have been at fault, the server should notice and take it back.  Their home fries are weak and mine were cold.  Service was friendly.  Saw a couple just up and leave when their order arrived, incorrectly.
1	Wish i had negative stars to give!!!! i am furious right now. Spend your time and money elsewhere. Walked in for Sunday brunch and the lack of patrons should've been my cue to walk the other way. We spent 50 minutes waiting for our breakfast. I could've cooked a better meal , fed my family and cleaned up in less than 50 min! Ordered corned beef hash with three scrambled eggs, a fruit plate and home fries to share w/ the kiddos, hubs ordered a Spanish omelet. I think they only have one skillet to cook with. The servers were nice and I feel bad that their tips were compromised because of the garbage we ate. My corned beef was straight out of a can, tasted disgustingly salty, the "home fries" should have just been called unevenly chopped soggy potatoes, and it looked like I was served 1 1/2 eggs instead of three. my fruit plate was supposed to have bananas, cantaloupe, grapes and strawberries only had a few pieces of under ripe melon, one grape and one chopped, rotting strawberry!! I would never feed this to my family. On my husband's plate, the avocados topped on the omelette were turning black and they flipped the black part down so we couldn't see. The contents of the omelette were also obviously canned. I can't believe I paid $25 for that meal. GAG!!
5	I love the hospitality and food at this place!! The food was delicious and abundant. For less than $8, I had a good size breakfast sandwich with cottage cheese and fresh fruit. My boyfriend had a 3 meat omelet with  also the same sides. The restaurant is clean and quiet. The manager brought us the bill and asked how we found them.I told them yelp and he kindly gave us an extra 10% off!! I highly recommend this place if your are traveling and don't want to spend $20 or more the same kind of breakfast on the strip!!
5	Breakfast was delicious and the staff really makes you feel at home.  You know it's a great place to eat when customers bring the host a hand knit Afghan as a late Christmas present.
5	This was the BEST breakfast I've had in a long time!! Food was excellent and staff is very friendly. If you're looking for a great, comfortable place to relax and eat breakfast this is the place to go!!
5	Great breakfast -- twice the food at half the cost of the casino!
1	I took a coworker to lunch, it was my turn to pay and when I saw the Daily Egg...I thought, yup...why not give my business to a small business?The answer... Because they know not what they do!Both breakfasts were awkward to say the least. Dry toast requested by both of us was of course slathered with some form of icky butter flavor.The coffee were horrible and should anyone wait a true 8 minutes for the waiter to get you creamer after 3 requests?Our breakfasts were not terrible but they weren't enough to overcome the other irritations of this dive.Seek breakfast elsewhere!
1	I would've given them 4 stars for decent food and great service. But the 1 star is because as I'm eating my fruit bowl I find a long black hair in it. Gross so I called and they offered to remake it but who wants to eat another meal after that!?
4	Great hidden gem for a breakfast spot. The customer service was exceptional and the staff were very friendly. The pancakes and French toast melted in my mouth. The southwestern omelette was incredible and the hash browns were some of the best I've ever had. Truly an great spot to eat breakfast. This is more of a family spot as there were a lot of kids but the kids all seemed to be occupied as well. The assortment of omelets was overwhelming. I will be going back here often so that I can try out everything. Hope you enjoy this hidden breakfast spot.
1	I am sitting in the restaurant as I type this review and there were only 4 filled tables when I walked in with my boyfriend. It took almost 10 minutes to get a coffee & ice tea not to mention almost 30 minutes & finish 1 large mug of coffee before we received our meals. How long does it take to make eggs & bacon plus do you really need to use a half of a stick of butter on each meal?! I could have made the same thing at home in less time and less grease. Never again will this place get my business or money.
2	My husband and I came here for breakfast on Monday morning when we were having trip to Las Vegas. We waited at least 25 mins to get the food. I ordered a waffle, guess what, it is cold when it come to me. Then I asked the waiter if this suppose to be cold, he said no. He wanted to offer me another one, but I can't wait for another 25 mins for my breakfast! Then I asked them to microwave it. I have to finish eating ASAP and then drive to Death Valley. Messed up my day;( won't recommend this place.
2	Some awful, awful service. After an incorrect order, the replacement order took 20 minutes to come out. It was a waffle... Server was also rude when we asked about that replacement waffle.Nobody stopped by asking if we'd like anything, no coffee refills. The food was the one redeeming quality; it was all tasty. If you dare to brave the (lack of) service, get the crunchy French toast.
4	First off, my experience was no where near as horrible as others. I actually enjoyed this mom and pop place.A coworker and I went for lunch and I ordered the snowflake omelet with fruit and potatoes. Those potatoes were extremely delicious. They were well seasoned and I almost wanted to order just a side of those spuds. They were that good. My omelet was cooked well too. I'm funny about omelette's - they can be too thin, too fluffy, still runny, too dry, but ironically enough I felt like Goldilocks and it was just right. The food did take a while to come out. Our server was attentive and nice, just a little slow at times.
4	Very friendly staff. I've been here about 5-10 times as it's becoming our new go-to for breakfast on weekends. Only one experience was bad. Super slow that day. I go eat when I'm hungry, not 45-min before I'm hungry, so waiting in lines is no bueno. This place gets busy, but not waiting-line style. Also, very nice to kids, though they're not really geared up for kids - no dedicated kids menu.
5	Was looking for a place to get some good breakfast. Saw this while I was driving by and decided to stop. The hostess seated us right away, and took our drink orders. The waitress was very friendly and helpful. We got our food in a relatively short time! The food portions were just right and it all tasted really good! When the manager came by, he asked where we were all from, when we said local, he gave us a 10% discount!!Highly recommended!
5	I liked it ... Very cute good food good service ..we are  visiting from Colorado it was a nice place to eat breakfast
5	Okay so...This place was yummy and delicious.  We had made other plans for breakfast (Mr.Mama) but it was going to be a long wait and there wasn't a table to seat 9 of us all together (boo).  The Daily Egg had a table to fit our big group (yay).The food: Lemon poppy seed pancakes!  ABiscuits and gravy (I talked me daughter into getting them) BCoffee with hazelnut cream AServices: Friendly and free balloons for the kids at the end. Yay!There was problem with the checks at the end but we stood and talked to the owner, Ito while we waited and he was super duper nice!Will we go back? Yes!!!
5	Such a great place. Great service and everyone was super nice. LOVE! The food was delicious!!
5	Yum yum yum!!! Great breakfast place, family owned business highly recommended! Really nice owner and the food was delicious. A great breakfast stop as we were leaving Las Vegas!!
5	Great food and family atmosphere.Highly recommended with no wait. Feeling happy I passed mr mama with a45min wait.
2	Menu claims "home made corner beef hash"  when my order arrived it was obviously canned,  I asked the server is this home made she replied well it's canned and they add to it. Bull@"!'"  meh lots of other places to eat around here. Service meh
5	They had excellent customer service. The food was delicious. A very nice place to have breakfast. The staff was warm and friendly. We would recommend this place.
1	Food is lacking flavor, had to ask for refill because they never came around, and they had a repo program on tv (fighting and trash talking) with kids watching.
4	Went here over the weekend due to the fact that Mr. Mama's was way overcrowded.I'm super glad we did, because I'll def. be coming in here again!I felt like the breakfast menu (and overall menu) had a ton of offerings: from traditional (Spinach Omelet) to more fun (EG: Pineapple Upside Down Pancakes), to healthy (eg: The Snow White Omelet). There were only about 4 other customers seated when we came in around 9:30 am; it gradually got a bit more busy after that, but no long wait. We got: The breakfast burrito (not on the menu, but on their specials board), order of fruit, and order of biscuits and gravy. The breakfast burrito was very fresh! It was not overly oily or heavily seasoned and they didn't attempt to overfill it with cheese and cheap products. The eggs inside were nice and fluffy! For $3.00, I would've liked a bit more fruit. The plate was a bit small - only a few bites. Although, I understand this is Vegas and nothing grows here =)I love coffee as well, and it was nice that they had GIANT COFFEE MUGS! No hunting down the waitress for a refill. The wait staff here was super nice and friendly. The owner came out and thanked us for our business and made small talk. You get 10% off your bill if you're a local.
5	Awesome awesome service I can't remember the last time I went to a restaurant and the servers were so upbeat and friendly. They have delicious $5 mojitios as the food was just as enjoyable. Defiantly a good off the strip place for breakfast and lunch.
5	Read this review...wonderful food wonderful service.  Here's whats really funny. We're avid watchers of restaurant impossible this would be a perfect place for Robert Irvine only because they don't know what they are. They have American Mediterranean and Caribbean cuisine. The choices are wonderful.  But the restaurant name is confusing.  Eat here if you want a wonderful variety of foods!!!!!
2	Coworker and I stopped in here for breakfast. While the meal was satisfying, and the coffee WAS very good (also like the mugs that others have commented on), I'm less than impressed with the rest of the experience.1) There was one pesky fly that kept buzzing around us before and after the meal (strangely, it disappeared while the food was served us??).  Probably didn't help we were the only ones in the place for it to "bug".2) Coworker ordered bacon "extra crispy".  He ate it, but I've not seen bacon that fatty and undercooked before.  IF I ever come back, certainly won't be ordering bacon here.3) I ordered the Corned Beef Hash and Eggs.  The menu plainly states, "Homemade corned beef hash..."  NOT.  Unless it was made in Mr Hormel's home (canned).  The diner I regularly go to back home serves the same, and I'm not saying I don't like it, but I've had REAL homemade corned beef hash back in Texas in another cafe, and was really looking forward to it here.  Again, not bad, but a big disappointment and false advertising.The staff was friendly enough, and food otherwise okay, but think we'll be checking out Denny's tomorrow.
5	Great Food at a great Price. I recommend this place for breakfast the reasons are two good quality food and great prices. All the food is under $10 which is great and the portions are good as well. The food is good great place for breakfast anytime of the day.  Try the items with chef hats next to them also they have a couple of mix Caribbean items in there.
5	Food here is great. I was afraid first because the place was almost empty. Originally we were heading to another place and we couldn't get in. However, we don't regret it. Food was delicious. We tried the western omelette with fresh fruit and home fries. Also an old fashion french toast.
5	My husband and I had breakfast here on Sunday only because Mr. Mama's was overcrowded and the wait was ridiculous. We were so glad we found this place though, my mom had already been here and had mentioned it, but we had not tried it out. The menu had the perfect combination of food choices. We ordered a Strawberry waffle, steak and eggs and a croissant sandwich. My sandwich was truly the best croissant sandwich I've ever had, and just like the steak and eggs you get to choice 2 sides for it. The staff was super friendly and attentive. We will definitely be coming back for breakfast every Sunday from now on.
1	Crepes advertised on the window, not in the menu...garlic aolili supposed to be on a sandwich but not, then when the wait staff asked the 'cook' for it we got a cup of no ranchmelted butter with garlic chunks in it...onion rings were not fresh, sausage not fresh.  The burger was made well but that was about it.  The waitress kept apologizing. No ranch dressing to be found. The mug was cracked and stained. Even the wait staff look like customers. Sorry, I won't return until Robert Irvine steps into help.
2	I ordered from this place a few different times, the food is okay but i always have issues with them getting my order wrong, last time they forgot a drink and my eggs were wrong so the guy who works there was nice enough to bring me a Complimentary Piece of STALE CAKE and bad coffee, so today when i ordered from a lady Cynthia she said wow its been a while since you have ordered from us? and they wonder why! there customer service is awful its been over an hour and our food finally arrived the order was wrong again and cold. the guy who delivered was there cook i guess they do not have a delivery driver. that's what took so long. &  they gave me sausage instead of turkey bacon, whatever we paid but no tip! Never ordering from them again!
4	Food was good, the service was friendly, and the place was clean.  The amount of time for the food to arrive seemed a little long based on the amount of people in the store.  They were not busy, but could have been faster.  Next time ill try the $6.99 special.
1	What a shame. Breakfast was a disaster!  Eggs way undercooked, home fries cold and paper thin ham served. The only upside was the coffee which was quite good.  Give this place 3 months and they'll be gone.
5	A gem off the beaten path. This is an oasis in the desert city where everything costs you 5x what it should. The Daily Egg had an amazing deal for $7 where I was fed like a king. And the service was so great that I almost expected them to bring the leaf fans!Personally, I came by to quickly find a place to work (free wifi is an absolute must) and ended up having a great meal and feeling really at home. Having been in the city for only a couple of days, it's nice to find such a welcoming group.Great food, great service, great price! Stop by!
4	Appears to be a branch off of eggworks but not as good.  Prices are comparable.  Service is slow.  Order was wrong 2x.  If your hungry it'll serve the purpose.
5	New owner!!! Food quality and service are 5 star now, the new owner Ito is really outstanding.
3	Tried this place for 1st time & wasn't that impressed - French toast was ok quesadilla ok burger ok - average at best :/Slightly disappointed after reading the other reviews - was expecting a better experience
2	Food was good, but we were there at nine in the morning and there were only two other tables and we waited forever just for coffee and water. The waitresses were in the back and were nice, but just not attentive. Several people complained
3	Not bad but could use work!  If hash browns are not served anymore than take them off the menu and the cover of the menu and the sign on the window of the restaurant.  The English Muffins were not toasted and served cold.On the other hand the Crusty French Toast was amazing but I had to wait forever for the server to bring the syrup.  I liked that I could order a Bloody Mary but it was very bland even with the bacon garnish!  The service was pleasant and they took 15 percent off for forgetting some of our order.  They served French Vanilla Cream with the coffee which is great.Sorry butI would go across the street to Mr  Mamas again like we did yesterday!
5	Awesome breakfast and great waitress.
4	I ordered online so I could quickly grab breakfast for me and my co worker on my way to work. I didn't expect to much from this little restaurant but Patricia was super friendly and made my morning a little sweeter! My co worker and I absolutely loved the food that we were disappointed when we got to full to finish the huge portions. For under 10 bucks I got SO MUCH. My only complaint is that I got the egg chess bacon crossiant sandwich and it was pretty soggy. Even tho', I'll still come back for more!
2	I'm sorry. The only thing I liked was the coffee.
4	Taste: 3.5Creativity/Authenticity: 3Atmosphere: 3Service: 5Bang for your buck: 3.5Ive been in Vegas for 2 weeks now (on vacation) and have gone to every popular breakfast spot from Mr mamas to the Egg and I; and both being very trendy spots the daily egg is super under rated but super good. Got the breakfast sliders and the country fried steak and eggs. The breakfast sliders were so good oh my goodness, the biscuit where so fresh and buttery. The country fried steak was nice and crispy with very flavorful gravy on top. The place is pretty easy to find, in a parking lot the atmosphere of the place is nothing special but you cant beat the prices under $10 for a full breakfast. Overall I like this place better than the egg and I just has better flavor and more breakfast choices and not over the top omelets. I will be back
4	Las Vegas has changed in the years since my family has moved here. Finding a cheap steak is hard to come by and even harder on the west side of town. Many days when I get out of the gym all I want is a protein laden meal so I used my yelp app trying to find a place with Steak and Eggs. Sure I found a bunch but good grief sometimes I just want to spend $12 bucks. Going through several restaurants, I saw that this wasn't far so I figured I'd give it a shot and I'm glad I did.I went into a very diver diner restaurant and took a booth on the wall. The server, who was very very friendly, took my order for coffee and water, while I looked through the menu even though I was pretty sure what I wanted. I ordered Steak, 3 eggs, Cottage Cheese, and some toast. She brought out the cottage cheese early so I could start eating. I must have had that "I just lifted heavy stuff for 45 minutes and might eat my hand soon" look on my face but I was super grateful! The steak and eggs came out pretty quickly. I have to say for a quick $12 steak I was very pleased. At places like this I might be apt to order steak sauce but really this was cooked a perfect rare and was darn tasty. The eggs were cooked perfectly and season just right. The server was prompt and kept the coffee coming. All in all I will walked out happy and will definitely be going back after another long gym sessions or if I just need something at work.My only issue with the place was (1) The decor was HORRIBLE. Like bad bad bad. Not just divy, but unnecessary fake flowers and junk. (2) They had some idiotic women's daytime talk show on the tv and the sound turned way up. I know the staff gets bored but good grief I almost asked them to turn it off. I decided to be nice and let them have it. The only reason I don't give 5 is that it wasn't GREAT but pretty darn good
