4	In Las Vegas, there is a secret rotation of clubs and basically on any given day, there is a place you should be... on Sundays, Light is where EVERYONE and their momma will be trying to get in and join in on the fun, on Mondays, there is only one place, Foundation Room at the Mandalay Bay... I won't drop all the beans but on the right weekday, Tangerine is the place to be. The decor is superb and the drinks are cheap.. the cover isn't too bad and the view on the patio is a great place to smooze and meet.
4	This was by far my favorite clubbing experience in Vegas. It doesnt' have the hype that Pure has, and without the hype you don't get the attitude from the crowd. I think this place is actually underrated and can be alot of fun. The fact that they have bars outdoors makes it easy to get your drinks  quickly. The barenders are friendly, and usually on a Friday nite in Vegas, you're bound to have a good time.
3	Kind of nice, but what it is ultimately is best summed up by my roommate's friend: essentially an "orange shower curtain."
3	we went on a wed night b/c a local said that it was the place to be... hello, college-crowd-gross-people anyone?  way to crowded for the just ok music and the just ok scene... we left after 20 min of trying to wade thru the throngs of just ok ppl.there's better in SF.
2	This club sucks. The club is cramped. There is no room for dancing, sitting, resting. There is an outside patio/deck, but that's the only thing. The music is played through a computer and they do not finish all the songs. The kind of play them as if you were using that Winamp extension where you fade in and out of songs. Crappy.
3	Tangerine is small... but there is room for dancing, and pretty good music to do so. The small outside patio is OK, the only thing that wins it points is that you can see the Treasure Island pirate show.... and no I am not a big fan of the show, but it does add something unique to the ambiance.
1	This small place forced me to go back to the room to put on dress shoes (instead of nice sandals) only to close the outdoor patio (there were still plenty of people out there, i just wanted to see the view).  they had two roped off areas (private parties?  "Double" VIP rooms?) fairly weak music for a friday night, and you're not allowed to leave the way you came.  sorely disappointed, but at least you're close to the tables when you exit.
3	This is not a night club as they advertise it to be.  This is a lounge, a small one i might add.  It is pretty nice inside with some cool views in front of TI.  However, nothign special compared to the other venues you could go to in vegas.  If you dont have to pay cover, this is a place to drop by and grab a drink first.
4	Something about the name and the color of this club just makes me want to go in.  The music definitely helps too!  By far this club has the best music.  Though the club is small the crowd isn't as large as many other places.  I went to the club immediately after seeing Mystere at TI.  There was a guy handing out club passes right outside the theatre.  The passes got me in for just $5!  Can't beat that!  They also offer some live music and dancing girls!
1	this place sucks its waaaaaay overcrowded the patrons are rude probably because they're disgruntled from being squished into this kinda small club like sardines. I spent the whole night flinching away from peoples cigarettes that place has rogue drunk person cigarette burn written all over it
4	5-stars because my buddy knows the manager and we always go VIP.  -1 star because certain nights suck.The music mostly rocks and the staff are really cool to us even though we're fake VIPers (fake as in, we only spend $1200 instead of $2400)I never really get to dance because I'm mostly there with guys (I'm the defacto co-worker babysitter) or because I'm feeling too uptight (also due to the former issue).  Sometimes I'm just not drunk enough to get my groove on.Last time it was the wrong night and they had wierd live music and hardly any people were there so I couldn't exactly start dancing with the 7 girls or random guys.Next time we'll go on a Tuesday or Friday.. not a Wednesday or Thursday.Don't be discouraged by this review.  Like Andew W. says below, there is a secret rotation and just hit the wrong night.  It's rocked before and it will rock again.  VIP doesn't hurt.[-]
3	It's a cool venue. Extremely pricey drinks and the Maxim Girls that were supposed to be there werent! Or at least we didn't see them. There was a dancer that got down to her knickers.
3	You know you're into a questionable evening of fun when they let just about anyone in at 9:30 without any cover.  It seemed like people, old enough to be my parents were filing in.  I was not expecting much after that.  In actuality, the club is not bad.  It's a nice space.  The staff look great.  They have a little burlesque type show that interrupts the dance music every hour or so, which kinda irks me.  For free, what do you expect?  Watching them try to fill their VIP lounge area can be funny at times.  The music jumps around fast between hip-hop, dance, pop, 80's-90's.  I guess I'm glad I didn't pay...
4	Apparently this is the place to be on Wednesday nights. I didn't arrive there until 230 and it was still hot and busy!! Kind of insane trying to just get your ass to the bar, but once you've had a couple drinks in you, you're good to go. I was definitely equipped after some alcohol to shove away the fools who enjoy trying to dance all big... you know, jumping around, flailing their arms, the whole nine yards. This place is pretty small, but it's really fun. It has a younger crowd than some of the other big clubs in Vegas, and a definitely younger feel to it. The patio is a nice place to take a breather and enjoy the night air with a view of the Strip, and VIP is definitely room enough to dance. I thought the music was great, hiphop and top 40 the whole time I was there. I want to go back!!
4	Tangerine is not a big, millions of people on an open dance floor kind of nightclub, it is small with lots of bar space and an outside balcony overlooking Siren's Cove. Don't get me wrong though, there is lots of room to dance (especially if you're already drunk and will basically dance anywhere). They have a cute little mini burlesque show every hour or so also. And no the girl doesn't get naked though she does get down to her undies. I liked the place a lot and it is one of the few places I've been to in Vegas that I would definitely go back to over and over again. Also the cover is cheaper then a lot of clubs in Vegas.
4	Tangerine is fun. But only a Wednesday. Not a Tuesday, not a Thursday, just on Wednesday. Good mix of locals and out-of-towners. The only downer is that it's in Treasure Island.
2	I was sooo disappointed in Tangerine!  Luckily I didn't have to pay a cover charge since I was on the guest list, nor wait in line but it still wasn't a good scene that I would recommend to anyone.  LOTS of older folks (talking 40+) and a lot of people that crowd the dance floor by not dancing and just standing there.  Seriously, move the fuck out of the way so there's more room for those of us who came to dance.  The mash up DJ sucked and we all joked that perhaps he was paid by the song because nothing flowed together and he played the briefest snippets of songs with no rhyme, reason or rhythm.  The outside house music was a lot better but it was soooo friggin' cold even with very efficient heat lamps.  However, the premixed daquiris are a STEAL at $8 since they're tasty and heavily alcoholic.  There's better places in Vegas to go to, bottom line.
1	Mediocre club. Only worth going if you're actually staying at TI. Music was bad, the floors were sticky, the dance floor was crowded, and most of the guys at the club were dirty. The place was probably 75% dudes. The odds are good ladies, but the goods were odd. The only way I would go back is if I was staying at TI again and there was a snow storm in LV that trapped me inside the hotel.
4	Since I go to college out here in Vegas, I am technically a local. And this nightclub is one of my favorites on the strip. The decor is nice. And the dance floor is small in comparison to like Tao @ the Venetian, Pure @ Caesar's Palace, and RA @ the Luxor. But on a Friday or Saturday night it has a pretty good crowd. Most of the crowd in there 20's and early 30's. Yes they have go- go dancers who pop up from time to time. The bartenders are nice, and all of the times I have been, my friend's have given me one of their VIP passes so we didn't have to pay cover.
3	The thing with Tangerine is definitely the size. There is one way in...through the front, and then you exit through the side. With the opening of Social House you can come in from the upstairs Social House area to the Tangerine Patio. Good Ambiance with the Sirens show. Even though I miss the pirate show. It's cool to have such an upclose and personal view. So yea back to size. So people don't like places like Tao or Pure because of the lack of space and being overcrowded. Ok Tangerine is like a 1/4 the size of those places... So there is limited space. It's not hard to get lost but to find people can sometimes suck. It does house some great Bartenders like Toby Ellis and there's Dennis Rodman who comes often. Overall it's not my favorite club. I only go for Open Bars of if I know it's not gonna be too crowded.
4	Arrrrrrrrrrrgh! There is a deck with plexiglass walls overlooking the show at Treasure Island. You can have your pear martini AND see shirtless men in spandex on a pirate boat. YEAH!The space is smaller than other clubs around, but it never got too packed when we were though, so I really enjoyed it.There is a white bench seat that pretty much wraps the whole perimeter so it was easy to grab a seat and really fun to watch everyone else. The bartenders were nice and it was easy to grab a drink. The Tangerine girls that wandered in their orange fringe skirts were refreshingly nice and we had fun talking with some of them. The atmosphere is a but lacking. Shockingly its white with orange curtains. The music was great, but there wasn't much of a dance floor besides just shakin your ass in the middle of the place. Which can be fun sometimes.
3	Went there on a Sunday night of a long weekend. Crowd was not that great but the music was good. Sat outside during the summer night. Good place to be. Not sure if the crowd ever changes, if it gets better, I'd recommend Tangerine. If not, then you might want to check out some other place.
3	We went here on a Wednesday morning at 2am, and the place was jumpin. Crawling with hookers after about 3am. They are everywhere. One of them pick-pocketed my boss. We knew which one it was, and we saw her the next night at Tao, but we didn't want to make a scene with a prostitute so he sucked up the $300 loss from her stealing his wallet. nowhere near as cool as tao.
2	Eh.  I'm not a big fan of nightclubs in general, and I wasn't a big fan of this place either.  I even went for a private event, and even then the sheer crowding put me off enough.Located in the TI - you know, what used to be known as the Treasure Island - Tangerine does have a pretty spectacular view from the balcony in the back.  The balcony looks over the water the TI boat sits in and onto the Strip.  It was fun seeing everything from another angle, and I spent a while taking it in.  Other than that, there was nothing special.  There were shadow dancers behind the bar - but it's been done before, and better.  The design wasn't interesting at all, and the short bar was just plain annoying.  If I had to pay to get in here, I'd be pretty darned mad.
4	One of the best places we partied at, while in Vegas for a bachelorette party! Loved it!It was nice to party outside about the sirens cove, and the music was great!  Staff members where hot.I deducted a point due to the bathroom situation, which is a pain to get to and back into the club.
5	a great experience partying here. the bottle services were crazy-awesome... the VP of Treasure Island came down and partied with us... plus- comp'ed us bottles and bottles of Grey Goose and Patron. my friends and i had the VIP section to ourselves for 2 hours. it was 3 of my friends' birthday. everyone stared at us like we were celebrities. i guess they thought we were having a blast and wanted to be partying with us. it's not huge- but it's a lounge. as a matter of fact, it's a nice lounge. it overlooks the water and the strip- the neon orange is enticing, people from outside can watch you partying/drinking. i think the concept is great. i think Treasure Island is one of my favorite places to bar hop and chill with friends. it's less drama. the gogo dancers are HOT!!!!! i took so many pictures with them. haha. everyone is pretty friendly and the glasses of liquor never went empty. it was fast and friendly service.
1	Don't go here if you don't have cash only, because apparently they DON'T TAKE CC!! The guy at the door was completely RUDE.. couldn't even tell us where the ATM machine was. Definitely not worth it! Bad customer service can totally ruin a night!
3	Came here for a friend's birthday.  The great thing besides being a local girl and being free on a Saturday night is that you can find someone giving out free passes when you first walk into TI.  These passes are great for two people, so the guys in our group were free!  (Yay!)The line wasn't ridiculously long, a small line.  I'm still not sure what the line is really for when it's not even that busy inside.  The music was okay, sometimes better than others.I did like the easy access to outside so you can face the strip.  It's nice to be able to grab some fresh air once in awhile.  However, if you need to use the restroom, you have to leave the club.  This part isn't so nice.  They make you exit out this side door though, which is a bit annoying.Overall, Tangerine is a small club.  Not as glamorous as some of the other clubs on the strip.  But it works if you want something more low key than Tao or Pure.
3	EXTREMELY crowded (not sure if they really kept the 400max capacity under control).  lots of places to get free passes in vegas.. for some reason I had to pay $10, not sure if it's because I was a guy, or because they knew I was with my wife.  It was literally  sardine dancing all night, drinks are $11 (most places in vegas are expensive unless your gambling).  About the only reason why I give this place 3 stars is because there's ladies dancing on platforms, and the DJ that night was playing some amazing music.. kept it going smooth with transitions, kept each song a short 2 minutes, did some digital scratching on a mac, very impressive.
5	Tangerine is one of my fav spots on the Strip. I had my 31st birthday party here this past NYEve and it was incredible. Table and Bottle service outside on the patio for 6 was absolutely badass. Our waitress was beautiful and the service was fabulous for it being probably one of the most insane nights of the year in Vegas. We got any and everything we wants. We were totally able to bring ladies back into our area as well and the rope guys were absolutely top notch about it. Because it was my birthday also the GM came back thru the night and constantly made sure we were taken care of (a true sign of hosting) even on a night with Dave Navarro in the house. Ive never had a bad experience at Tangerine (or Social House for that matter upstairs) and would recommend it to anyone.
1	Our mission was to all meet up in Vegas to properly inaugurate a Bachelorette party. Upon minutes of our check- in at Treasure Island, we were given VIP passes to Tangerine.  As we were scanning the long lines, one of the Tangerine hostesses swiftly approached us and invited us to bypass the line with our passes.  Her invitation was quickly retracted when she glanced at one of our lesbian friends.  According to her, "only females were allowed to come into the club".  She then tried to recover her bigoted statement by inviting us to come back at a later hour.  No thanks.It is really sad to see that anti-lesbian and anti-gay male discrimination is very much still an issue, even in Sin City, and specifically at Tangerine Lounge & Nightclub. This slander has given pause to those of us who think that acceptance of gay persons have been progressing.  I strongly discourage anyone, straight or gay,   to frequent this exclusive heterosexual establishment.For those who want to have fun for the sake of just having fun without any sexual bigotry,  try Double Down and Free Zone.  Real people, real fun.
3	It's packed like PURE is and you're really just constantly moving around. Pretty hard getting drinks. My cousin was doing the robot (haha) and then taking a picture with these dudes...and then the next second, he's ready to fight them for whatever reason. Good times. I told him I wasn't ready for a 6 v. 2 battle, but maybe after two more $15 shots of Patron I would be.
4	I've been here over ten times for both private parties and regular weekend nights.  You'll find people from all over the US that hit this place up.  It's a good place to go if you don't want to stand in line at the other big clubs.  Many bachelor / bachelorettes have Tangerine on their list of club hopping venues.-Vip booths inside and outside.-Catch courtside seats to the free Siren show. ( a better view from what you can see on the strip )-A solo burlesque show twice a night. ( the first time I caught the performance it was definitely a pleasant surprise )  it still puts a smile on my face when I see it.-A 300 or so person capacity, which i've seen this place packed many times.-Free vip admission for TI hotel guests, just show them your room card.-DJ's switch the music up alot from house, hip hop, etc.-Drinks are strong and the bartenders are friendly enough.
3	Great view of the pirate and siren's of TI show from the outdoor bar! The club itself is pretty small and the crowd was kinda ghetto. Looks like Tangerine has lost its luster, everyone is going to Pure, Tao, Tryst, or Jet.
4	For my long weekend in Vegas this was my favorite hangout. It was in the hotel we were staying at, Treasure Island and an obvious choice. We chose the hotel partly because we heard this place was good.Hotel guests get in free, but that doesn't matter because there are always promo people handing out comp cards around the casino floor to get in free.The music was good, the layout was great and there was dancing a good social scene. The outside bartenders were friendly and put on a good show. You could also see the Sirens of Treasure Island show which was entertaining while sucking down delicious drinks.If I go back to Vegas this is where I am hanging out.
4	Living in Las Vegas, one is bombarded with so many nightclubs and lounges, blah, blah, blah. My very first visit to tangerine was a couple weeks ago and I have to say, I like it! It is small, and maybe that is what I like about it so much. Now in Vegas there are so many mega clubs in town and this is a few years old, but with the addition of Social House, it really has a nice following on Wednesday's. There is an outside part (not good for the summer months) and inside it is like pure only smaller which like I said, I rather like. I did not see any burlesque going on tho, I wonder about that.......
4	I did like this club a lot.  I was staying at TI and Tangerine was a convenient place to party.  There was no cover - probably because I am a girl, got there on the early side (around 10:50pm) and had a free pass that they were passing out all around the casino.  It's a small place - not at all like the mega clubs such as Tao or Pure.  There are two main areas - outside there is a bar and table reservation booths.  The outside deck has a street level view of the Strip and is a great place to watch the Siren show.  House music was played out there.  Inside is the dance floor surrounded by more booths and another bar.  The music they played was great for dancing.  The crowd here was a bit bougie, but still a lot of fun.  I think this place is a good choice for a small groups of 2-4 people because it does get really crowded quickly.  But it's much easier to get into (especially if your group contains guys) than other clubs and you still get the nice and trendy ambiance.
4	We had just eaten at the Social House and were shimmied down the back stairs to Tangerine. ( 5 ladies out on the town)Had an awesome view of the Pirate/Siren show.  The drinks in Tangerine are good but what we liked the most was how friendly everyone was and the music was great.Yes, its a small club but do you need a mega club really? One that takes you 30 minutes to cross the floor for a drink or a bathroom? - No you don't.  Find Fun, Friends and a great dance party at Tangerine.
4	Went on a Wednesday night when I was visiting Vegas; mingle at Social House before and skip the line.... super sweet door guys, decent crowd and DJ; SO better than the massive "hot spots" with 5,000 faceless people in a 20x20 room.
4	I've been here numerous times, and it is a great place if you don't want to wait in line. Great music and solid drinks. The people were not stuck up, and generally the ratio of girls to guys was good. I stayed at Treasure Island, so this place was ideal to start the night off. It is easy to get on the guestlist, and there's a free Siren show.
1	We got free tix, so we went to check it out. Outside, we heard the dj mix a Bon Jovi song to House of Pain's "Jump Around". That was enough for us. We didn't even go inside. It's all about the music.
4	This is a very small club.  I went over for my birthday weekend with a lot of people.  However, it was free, all my friends got in for free, and I was drunk, so how could I not give it a good rating.  Any place I have fun is will always have a good rating.
3	It's all about the DJ... If the music is no good, theres no way you'll have a good time. I have a bad habit of just showing up without checking out what style the music/DJ will be...Oh, well This place Pretty good Atmo...it's also very nice to chill outside over looking the strip..I've always been a fan of TI, I wish it were still Treasure Island.. I mean I know it still is but..you know..
2	I am too hot for you and you and you!What  kind of car do you drive?Buy me a drink!Do you have a table?No.Get out of my face.
3	Okay so I somehow got into the club for free which is fitting because I'd be mighty peeved if I would have paid.The music needed more beats, the drinks needed more alcohol, and the place needed more people.If you go outside at the right time, you can see the pirate show which may have been fun except that our vantage point only yielded the dudes and not the scantly clad female sirens.Oh well, off to the next club.
4	Celebrated a big birthday here with tons of friends..we stayed at Treasure Island, so had no problems getting in..and had a hell of a time...Got to dance on tables and everything :)...It gets crowded after midnight..and then impossible to get in..Get in early :)They have a nice outdoor patio area to cool down after dancing and drinking up a storm...Don't remember too much...just that my feet hurt like hell leaving and had to walk barefoot back :)
3	Hit this place up on a Wednesday night.  I like it in the sense, that it's not quite as hard to get into as some other Vegas clubs.The DJ is almost always good over there and there's a nice lil outdoor section with a bar as well.It's not quite as over the top as some of the other top clubs in Vegas, so if you're looking to be blown away, try Tao or Tryst.  Oh yeah, it does get jam packed in here, but if you're looking for a club where you actually have a ton of room to move, get out of Vegas immediately.Usually you should look for little things that make up for the crappy little things and I think Tangerine has enough little things to offset the crowded setting.  I mean.. if you're looking for a good club on Wednesday, this place has gotta be it. Check it out.
3	I went here on a Sunday night because we wanted to just chill. I wasn't expecting much because I knew this club was nothing like the bigger clubs in Vegas. It started to get a little packed after midnight, and the music was pretty good too. The DJ played some old school songs but it sounded cool because of the remixes. I'd say this is a nice place to just start out the night, or a good choice if you just wanna chill.
4	It took a whole lot of conviencing to get me in TI, but I went.  I guess Wednsday is the big night there and it was pretty crowded.  The bouncer let us cut in line and we got a drink fairly quickly.  I know they have burlesque here, but I never saw any dancers.The place is small, which I never mind.  What made me fall for this place is the music.  I had on a brand new pair of Kors and my feet were killing me.  The music made me forget about how much my feet hurt as hip hop was intertwined with alternative rock then back to hip hop.  Girl tip- Do not wear new shoes, but do wear some platform to keep your feet out of the drinks on the floor.
4	If you dont wanna deal with the whole cover/line bullsh*t at the other clubs, i'd say come here! They give out a ton of those free VIP passes so you don't have to pay...or simply place your name on their guestlist outside the doors early on that night to avoid paying the $10 cover! If you're simply looking for music to dance to...come here! It's small but the music is the same at all the other clubs!They used to have a burlesque show throughout the night...but last time I went on a Sat night...there was no performance!
2	We got in for free from Social House upstairs, but left pretty quickly.  The club is rather small, and when we were there, it was pretty empty.  I certainly wouldn't pay to come in here.
1	I'm aware that reviews should be written in a timely manner after experience, but I'm making up for lost time. And putting off writing a paper.I went here last summer after trying to get into Tryst (What was I thinking, I know.)  I'm sorry, but this place was G to the HETTO.  It was packed to the maximum at about 4 AM. You could barely get through the crowd.  And no joke, immediately upon entry, this guy's hand went precariously toward my bosom (yes, bosom) and I whacked him against the wall with a strength I hadn't realized I had, much like a mother pulling a car off of her child.  Anyway.I did have a majorly strong, majorly expensive Tokyo Tea here.  AND the skanky bartendress didn't give me back any change, when I should have gotten twenty bucks back.  She finally gave it back although I know she thought I was lying. It was majorly busy so who knows.Too crowded to dance, too meat markety.  Go here if you're looking to get laid and have questionable standards. Not that there's anything wrong with that. What happens in Vegas gets talked about on Yelp, I guess.
5	This place is great if you want to dance, the dj was off the hook, he did the mashup thing, but his mix was crazy good!! I need to have good music hip hop dance new school and old school. The staff were really nice and the people just came to have a good time, the place cleared out about 3:30ish the night we went, but man it was great. NO long lines, NO people bumping into you every 2sec, a** hole gards, it was nice to be able to go out on the patio for cool air also. Crowd was mixed which I like and everybody was dancing which I like even better. This is a good place for groups too.
4	Stayed at the Treasure Island one weekend and although I wasn't impressed with the hotel much (other than the great room, nice pool, good service... okay maybe it was alright afterall), I did enjoy Tangerine Lounge & Nightclub.First of all, the bartenders here are BEAUTIFUL.  Every one of the gals were ridiculously sexy and sweet.  They were not stuck up or stingy with the liquor!  Secondly, the drinks were moderately priced and pretty darn strong.  I told my bartender (forgot her name) to "be good to me" and she stayed true the whole night through.  I gave her a great tip each time.  At one point, she even gave me what she called her favorite drink, "Hurricane Tongue" (hey, don't ask me), and boy did it taste great!  She didn't even charge for it.Other than the great service I received, the dancefloor was average sized (hence the four stars), and the DJ was just okay.  Other than the drunk guy who spilled his drink on me then offered to lick it off, the guy who grabbed my behind and blamed it on his bisexual girlfriend, and the guy who tried to dance with me but when refused, called me a "the word that rhymes with itch," I had a fun night!!!  :P  It was crowded, for sure, but I wouldn't rank it down because of the TYPE of people partying there that night (like some others on this site). The outside lounge is nice with tables set up for a little quiet time away from the meat market scene.  Reason this place gets four stars and not five is because of the small dancefloor and sub-par DJ.  I may go back just to ogle at the hot bartenders sometime this summer!  :)
4	i came here long time ago when it was still "hot" and people thought carmen was going to show up.i had a great time cuz it was pretty easy to get in with such hot girls in the group. the music was nice and it wasn't that crowded.i bet it sucks now.
5	Love this lounge/club inside Treasure Island, Vegas.  Favorite hot spot thusfar!  Outside patio with heat lamps offers a beautiful view.  Girls looking pretty in their skimpy tangerine outfits promoting the club.  Drinks were reasonable, and one can actually taste the alcohol, unlike JET with their watered down drinks.  Mixed crowd with lovely people.  Liked the music & easy to get in/out.  Staff were friendly & courteous.
