5	This is a no-kill animal shelter and it's located conveniently off the 215 on Decatur. The staff is very friendly and the shelter is connected to the Dewey Veterinary Clinic. The shelter keeps an awesomely cute and updated website listing all their available animals (dogs, cats etc) and even have little write-ups and cute pics about EACH ONE. This is a tremendous effort and so special! Their website is updated almost every day. Having had 3 dogs (all of them being SPCA rescues), I cannot gush about how amazing the experience of rescuing a shelter animal can be. I think about my wonderful dogs (2 have passed) every single day. I urge you to support shelter animals (they have lots of pure breds here too) and to also support this particular SPCA as they do very good work, they are not government funded and they are no-kill. www.nevadaspca.org
5	This SPCA is as good as it gets!  Its always clean, the staff is very helpful & friendly, and they update their website daily!  They have a great variety of pets to choose from and they are all super cute!  I have adopted from this shelter and it was nothing but a wonderful experience.  I plan to adopt from here again very soon...!
5	A few nights ago, a homeless man surrendered his bunny to us because he couldn't care for it anymore. We have a rabbit (who is a total prima donna) and we knew we couldn't bring this new hobo bunny into our home permanently -- it wasn't the right time and we were concerned about disease and bonding the pair successfully.The bunny was a total lover, very sweet and used to being held. It was gut-wrenching for me to take her to a shelter, but I knew they could care for her and that were simply a short-term foster from owner to rescue.The NV SPCA didn't hesitate --- they said "bring her on in!" and they had a bunny experienced person ready to take her for us. Despite the homeless guy saying she was fixed and potty trained, we discovered neither were the case. The SPCA scooped her right up and said she'd see a vet and be in good hands.The facility was much nicer than I expected from the area/exterior, the staff was friendly and supportive, too.  I will totally go to them when we ARE looking to add another bunny to our family (or a dog!).Thanks for helping, SPCA. I feel so much better knowing that sweet bun is being cared for in a no-kill shelter.
5	I cannot write a review but having such a no kill animal sanctuary in Vegas just simply deserves a 5 star rating. Period!In loving memory of McBeal and JJ (Jumping Jack)  my two beloved bunnies that I had to leave behind. McBeal may you RIP and JJ...I hope you are having a great time with your new owner in Germany.
5	Our kitty went missing about a month ago.  She likes to wait by the door when we go out, and this time, she bolted.  We weren't able to catch her, and from that day, we couldn't find her.  We were searching everywhere and every way to try and find her.  We thought for sure she was dead because no one had seen her and we hadn't heard anything from anyone.  About a week later, the folks down at the SPCA called my wife and let her know that they had someone drop our kitty off, and that she was injured while on the streets.  Some sort of animal attacked her, and she had an abcess on her leg.  They kept her in their care for another 5 days so that she could heal up, and we were able to pick her up.  They were so great to deal with, and they had our kitties and our best interest in mind.  Anyone searching for a new pet should definitely go here first because they care so much, and it's no kill!
3	Adopted a kitten from here, the people were very kind & friendly. Months later found out that we were moving over seas & we had to take the cat back since we couldn't bring it. Over the phone the lady was nice in accepting it back but once at the shelter the lady was extemely rude & questioned us. She made us feel even more like crap for having to give our animal back, as if had a choice.
1	I expected more from the Nevada Spca..and this why...I was interested in volunteering, but was rudely handled by a lady who had no personality and no interest in my interest to help the place out. She handed me a form and quickly told me the date for the next orientation.That was it. I decided to take a look around the place to see what I would be getting myself into, and while the dog (whom I wanted to adopt all and any) cages seemed somewhat clean, and the dogs didn't seem too miserable, I couldn't help but choke in the scent of feces, urine, b.o., and just plain stuffyness in the air. Ugg...not pleasant!!! I'm lucky I don't have allergies because that place would drive me crazy if I did! Staff was scarce..which is sad..but times are tough. When I got to the cat section, this when I knew this place was not for me. Any good animal lover, esp cat lover knows, that cats are prone to certain illnesses. This place chooses to showcase its cats in different closed up rooms!! Any room that i walked into had at least 10-15 cats free to roam!! All rooms had no open windows to help with the heat, the fur flying around the room, or the smell of the litterboxes!! So if a cat comes in sick with a respiratory condition, it may infect the other cats if its not cared for properly! Who wants to adopt a sick cat? I feel sorry for the cats because they have to stay in the same room as more than one smelly litter box, which can also make them sick after awhile. Again, staff was scarce, and the un-opened windows and dried up feces that had been flung onto the walls from the litterboxes turned me off!!! If you want to go to a nice, clean place where the animals aren't suffering in their own stank, I recommend The Animal Foundation also known as The Lied Animal Shelter off of Bonanza and Mojave. I am a very happy volunteer there!!! :)
5	I adopted a little dog from this shelter. I was not planing on getting one, but there she was. The staff was very helpfull, the guy who was helping me seemed more concerened about the welfare of the dog and if the dog would fit in mine and my bfs lifestyle.This is a big place and sometimes its harder to find staff to help you but they seem understaffed with volunteers so I was not mad.
5	The little hobo bun we rescued is listed on the NVSPCA website a Norma Desmond.  She was totally a LOVE and seems to be doing great with the NVSPCA, but could use a forever home.  I love having a rabbit -- always thought I was a dog person, and am, but chance gave me Lulu and she is amazing.Anyway, we're thrilled to see NVSPCA is taking good care of our hobo bun -- so if you're looking for a pet, please consider a bunny and/or adopting from a no-kill shelter.  I was and still am really happy with my experience here.
1	This is the first animal shelter i visited while looking for my new pet here in Las Vegas. I have been a pet owner my entire life and have owned and fostered many breeds of both dogs and cats. When i came to the Dewey animal shelter in 2009 i was anxious and excited to give a loving home to a new dog! However, the staff was extremely rude! They treated me like a convict. I understand the need for the shelter to know some personal things about me, like if i will have a yard for my new pet, and if i already have other pets or small children at home, but asking me things like what i do for a living, how much i make annually, and why i chose to rent/ own my home, just seemed like no ones business.The staff also seemed almost irritated when i asked to see a second dog in the yard area(the first dog i met with had a brother, and i couldn't adopt both and i did not want to be the one to separate them).Later that week the shelter came out to a local Petsmart to adopt out dogs, and i attended in hopes this time things would run smoother. They did not however, and the staff was just as rude and arrogant as previously.A few weeks later, after feeling defeated i decided to check out the Animal Foundation ( 655 N Mojave Rd Las Vegas, NV 89101 (702) 384-3333) and had a wonderful experience. The staff was extremely helpful in helping me pick out the perfect dog for me and bringing out multiple dogs into the play area for me to see for myself. I found the love of my life that day, a pit bull mix who had been left in the middle of an empty lot, and was able to pick him up the following day. He's been a joy to have and the staff has always been very helpful whenever ive had medical questions or wanting to know more about my little guys past.
2	I have adopted 3 animals from this shelter over the past six years. When you are coming in to rescue an animal they are friendly an helpful and treat you like you are a great and wonderful person. When you are in an unfortunate situation and need to surrender your animal, however, they are not nice at all!When my husband and I adopted our dog 5 years ago we were told that if we ever had any issues we could, and should bring him back to them. In fact if we didn't we could face criminal charges.  When my husband lost his job recently we also found out that our dog had contracted an illness and needed to have surgery that would cost a minimum of $450. We took him to 4 different vets including the NSPCA vet (who quoted almost $700) and realizing we couldn't afford it, sadly decided to surrender the dog back. We thought this through for over 3 months before coming to this decision. We only wanted him to have the best chance at a healthy life which we didn't feel capable of providing at the moment.We were ridiculed, talked down to, and made to feel like second class citizens. We were told to allow our dogs condition to progress and if it came time to put him down, that would be better for him! I strongly disagree. I would rather my dog have a chance at a long healthy life than possibly die. What kind of animal lovers are these people??!!  I gave this place two stars instead of one because there was one woman there who did sympathize with us, and did see that it was with difficulty that we were making this decision. She treated us with care and respect. Not like the other woman who said she would let her children go hungry before giving her animal away, and that we were terrible for not doing the same....This place really needs to work on their customer service skills, and if they don't want their adopted animals returned, "no questions asked", then don't put that on your adoption forms!!!!
4	This is a great sanctuary for dogs in need for shelter and adoption. I had to bring in 2 of my dog's that I've had for year's into this place and was very hesitant at first because I didn't know what to expect at a place's like this. As soon as I went in, I noticed the facility was very good to the animals and talked to them as thought they were very caring. On top of that, I expected places like this to be deserted for the most part, however I was surprised to see how many people go in and out of this place to help volunteer and take care/donate for these animal's. I'm very grateful for places like this, but what I am not grateful for is one of their staffs. CAUTION!! If you do decide to come to this place, beware of the rude old hag that seem's to love to give her 2 cent's without being asked. I came there knowing that bringing my dog's to this place that they would one day (hopefully) be adopted by caring loving people. But there was this one lady, and by reading other people's review, it seem's she's the ONLY one out there that is just plane and simple evil to humans. She talked down to me and assumed that I did not know how to take care of dogs without even asking. I understand she's very caring for these animals but that doesn't mean every person that gives up their pets to these places are not loving and caring for their animal as well. We bring them here for a reason, to make sure they are cared for and will not be put to sleep. In her eye's, she doesn't see that no matter what your situation is. I don't appreciate people like her working in such a place like this. It doesn't make me feel like she will actually be caring for my dogs.I decided to rate this place with a 4 star because it is a great shelter for animals and a great place to adopt and volunteer. You actually feel that your animal will be safe and happy. I took away a star only because of the rudeness of that 1 lady that seems to be like that with all other people. She should NOT be working in a place like this with that kind of attitude. If her attitude is like that with people, how is her attitude with these animals? I'd like to hope she's only like that because she cares for the animals but...still very unpleasant. She rudely told me to leave and yanked the kennel out of my hands when I told her nicely that I wanted to donate it to them. It took a lot out of me not to say anything back to her so this warning goes out to people who encounter her.
1	This is a review that my boyfriend wrote on a recent experience we had with a particular staff member at the NVSPCA. This is not a review of the facility itself.On December 21, 2012 my girlfriend notified me that the Las Vegas SPCA had just acquired 28 Australian Shepard puppies and were in desperate need of foster parents for them. I went to the SPCA and spoke with a woman named Lorraine (not sure of the spelling) who gave me 2 female puppies to foster. Lorraine said that they needed us to take care of them for 3 weeks, but to please let them know if any sort of circumstances were to arise that would unable us to fulfill the timeline. If so, we could and should bring them back before the three weeks. At the time we were absolutely willing to accommodate that time frame and did not anticipate any such circumstance that would prevent us from caring for them for the 3 weeks. After having the puppies for 8 days, we realized that our commitment took a lot of time and energy, but we were happily determined to make it work. I work two jobs (one being a night shift) and my girlfriend has a full-time job, Monday-Friday. We were making it work as best we could and knew that it was important to care for them for the requested 3 weeks. We bought them toys, collars, puppy pads, wet food to supplement the dry food that the shelter provided, food/water bowls and training treats. They were bathed every other day and were well cared for. So despite our work schedules, we did our very best to give them as much attention and love as possible. Then an unanticipated situation arose. We live in a town home, which means we share walls with our neighbors. The puppies could get very loud at times (sometimes late at night/early in the morning), which led to noise complaints. With heavy hearts we had to take the puppies back to the SPCA. I know that we were just foster parents, but that does not mean that we were not getting attached to them and did not love them. We even wrestled with the idea of adopting them, but we knew in our hearts that our place was just not big enough. We already have two older dogs. The only thing that made returning them a little easier is the thought that the SPCA would take proper care of them and find them good homes soon. On December 29th, I brought the puppies back and explained the situation to a volunteer. This was not before I called and left a voice mail earlier, but my call was never returned. The volunteer who greeted me said she would relay the message to someone who could help me. The woman who fostered them out to me, Lorraine, came out, grabbed the kennel and went back to her desk (setting the puppies beside her) to continue eating without any acknowledgement to me at all. It was very upsetting! Her cold and unprofessional attitude made a heartbreaking situation almost unbearable. My girlfriend and I did everything we could to help and to be treated like that by Lorraine was absolutely unacceptable. Is this how they treat all people wanting to help them - volunteers, foster parents, people who donate money and supplies? I hope that Lorraine's terrible attitude has not and will not deter future volunteers and donors. The NVSPCA is a wonderful organization and it is no secret that they need all the assistance they can get. Lorraine's poor behavior does not give our community a positive reflection of the staff at the Las Vegas SPCA. At first, my encounter with Lorraine had me feeling completely discouraged from ever wanting to foster again, along with making any donations to the NVSPCA. However after thinking about it for a while, I realized that would only negatively affect the animals and that goes against my moral fiber. The well being of every animal at the SPCA relies on people caring and that is why my girlfriend and I wanted to foster in the first place. We care and want to help. We did learn from this experience and the next time we do foster, we will be in a place with a more adequate setup (a place where we do not share walls with our neighbors). I hope that Lorraine remembers why she works at the NVSPCA and uses that to adjust her awful attitude.
2	I'm happy that Nevada has a no-kill shelter option, but when you're dropping an animal off, the staff is not very nice at all.One evening I heard the sounds of kittens mewling LOUDLY outside my apartment building. I went to check it out and found three very tiny kittens huddled together under the stairs. They were way too fast and it was way too dark (I was using my cell phone as a flash light) to catch, so I left water and softened food out for them. The next day it was all gone.Fast forward a few weeks, I'm outside my apartment with friends and I spot the kittens huddled together outside a patio of the building across from me. There were three and we successfully caught two, a white one and an orange tabby. They were crying like crazy, but no other cat (or human) came out to inspect what was going on, so we figured they were abandoned.I took them to my place, put them in my cat's pet carrier with towels, a warm bottle, some water and softened food. They ate the food like they'd never seen food in their lives. We went back to where we found them because the apartment with the patio where they were sleeping, we could see it was abandoned, but there were two more kittens inside. The abandoned apartment was open and it was clear a cat colony had moved in. The carpet of the three bedroom apartment was covered in feces. We had no luck grabbing the other kittens (then ran to a hole by the dishwasher). I told my apartment maintenance about the apartment (they happened to be next door installing a washer) and they said they would try to take a look at the apartment later that day.I spent the next few days calling animal rescuers I knew, the humane society and the SPCA. No one was willing to take the kittens, and they told me I should foster them or keep them myself. I thought I was doing the right thing by rescuing these kittens, but I was really starting to regret it. The kittens did not want to be touched and the only time they didn't cry was when they ate and immediately after when they went to sleep.Almost a week later I got a call from the SPCA, they would take the kittens the next morning. I brought them in and explained who I was. No one said anything to me, just put two forms in front of me. I started filling them out and a woman came from the back hallway and without saying anything to me, opened the carrier with the kittens. I told her to be careful because the white one is really vicious. She ignored me and stuck her hand right in, only to snatch it out after the little white kitten went crazy and tried to attack her.A second woman (who also didn't say a word to me or even look at me) managed to get the orange one out, held him by the scruff upside down and was saying "come one, lift up your neck, show me you're strong". I thought that was odd, but they're the professionals.The first woman got the white kitten out by using the towel that I had in the carrier to toss over his head then pull him out. She grabbed him by the scruff, but he was still going crazy, hissing and twisting around. The two women though it was funny.I told them about the abandoned apartment with two and possibly more kittens. And the two women just walked away with the kittens (and my towel) and I was left just standing there. I didn't expect an in depth sit down session to explain what was happening, but could you at least introduce yourself? Do I need to pay a fee? Are the kittens going to be okay? Is there anything that can be done about the cat colony apartment?I'm thankful for the service they provide but it doesn't have to be such an awkward experience.
1	I called the Nevada SPCA because I wanted to make regular monthly donations out of my checking account and I was having problems setting it up on their website.  Not only did no one EVER call me back, they removed my comment describing my experience from the comment section of thier facebook page.  I'll find a another worthy cause to donate to because apparently they don't need donations after all!
1	We went to adopt a dog for our new house and this place was nasty. It was very unsanitary and had multiple dogs in the same cage. While we were there two dogs actually got into a fight who were in the same cage. The place was just not a place that I would want to adopt an animal from. Many of the animals that we liked weren't even available yet for adoption. I wouldn't go back.
5	So, about 2 weeks ago I adopted a gorgeous, super friendly amazing kitty named Greta. Unfortunately I developed a severe allergy (unbearable) and was forced to bring her back to NVSPCA. I was seriously scared to bring her back after all the horrible reviews about the red haired lady, but I had to do it for my own health. I called them first, and scheduled an appointment to bring her in. When I brought my kitty in, I dealt with a very nice older gentleman. He made the process of returning my cat very easy and did not make me feel like crap for returning my cat. I had already felt bad enough as it was and he put any worries I had aside. Overall my experience adopting and surrendering my animal was very smooth. I'm happy I was able to bring her to a non-kill shelter. NVSPCA gets 5 stars in my book!
4	Place is somewhat clean considering the amount of animals, staff was friendly to me.Im happy I adopted Sadie a 10 year old Shih tzu very sweet personality. Glad to give her a home and we love her alot.
3	I finally managed to come here for the first time and yes it's not the cleanest place but they do what they can and I will always thank the volunteers and staff. I love my pets and would love for these animals to get adopted out. Now, I understand the staff for being angry when someone surrenders their pet. There Is always something one can do to keep their animals. My animals are my kids and If get complaints from my neighbors, I fix the problem, if my dogs poop inside the house I fix the problem. If your pet(s) become sick and You cannot afford the bills, it is never the right answer to surrender your dogs. They rather have you there with them then you giving them up because you believe someone will give them a better home. That's never a guarantee and as a parent I wouldn't take the risk. I have seen homeless people with pitbulls and they still manage to take care of them and those dogs will forever be loyal and thankful. Would you give up your human kid because you can't afford it ? No, you'd find a way. I understand the staff. Please understand that these people see the sadness in these dogs eyes everyday you don't. For people who think that this is hard on them to give up a pet then think twice. Your pet is the one that ultimately suffers. Think twice before getting a pet. It is literally a lifetime commitment. I thank the NSPCA for their dedication. I give it three starts simply because of the sanitary conditions. Please don't rate it lower because you only cause people to leave and not adopt and instead shop for a pet. Every shelter does it's best whether you like it or not or you dont believe In what they do. Thank them before judging them.
5	Love this place.  Adoption fees are so reasonable.  Just adopted one dog for now but I intend on adopting my next pooch here and donating a little here and there...it really adds up for them!
5	Five weeks ago, we adopted an elderly dog who had been at the SPCA for five months.  This dog has turned out to be a great addition to our family.   The SPCA staff was helpful and professional.  This is a big city shelter that runs on donations.  If this shelter were less crowded, they would not save as many dogs.  We also learned that a vet appointment is important to get right away.
3	I've been here twice, once a long time ago and I walked around the kennels and again today. I don't know if they always have the kennels closed now or if in the particular day they're doing something like cleaning or whatever, but on this day they told us to pick dogs from the picture and they bring them out for us to see them. The only thing you can see is they have a rabbit and rodent room upfront. I don't like this route for several reasons. Mainly, I think when supporting something I feel like the living conditions should be transparent. This is why I don't give money to rescue groups blindly fundraising at say Petsmart because I've actually known some to be covers for BYB/hoarders. Not accusing this place of wrongdoing at all, but I am just a person who likes to see with my own eyes what happens behind the curtain.  Also, sometimes you think you like how a certain dog looks, but they are totally not it. You may walk by one you might've not considered through pictures, but has a temperament you are looking for and you connected when face to face.  This has happened to us before - it's how we ended up with our cat and how we ended up with a senior pug. I do know people can be jerks and having a free for all probably stresses out dogs if people are being disrespectful, but maybe they can achieve something in between with controlled numbers in the kennels.Really, we were here to see one particular dog I saw on their blog so it doesn't apply to us. Apparently the people sitting there were here to see him too....and then after us a family was here to see him. He had some long term medical issues and they were totally gonna let us take him, but seeing as how he was totally trying to be friends with the dog of the other family interested, I told the BF we should give them a chance. If they weren't going to take him,then we were coming home with a bulldog since I'm not working that much and can dedicated to getting a sick dog better. A plus is they have a large lobby with seats that air conditioned, but a side patio where you can bring your dog off leash to meet potential new dogs. The lady helping us though was nice. She was pretty upfront about his allergy condition and what meds he's on and such which is good. The one plus is if you have dogs and cats like we do, they are willing to go do a cat test for you which they did for us so we can consider it heavily. I suggest bringing your dog with you as they want you to do a meet first before adopting. While he has a home with that family now, and I really hope he has a great life, I'm sure my bulldog is out there. I'll probably be back if a bulldog, frenchie or pug pop up here.
4	It's a no kill shelter. It looks kinda small and with 600 or so cats and 200 dogs, you can't expect it to be spotless or the best living conditions.They're in need of families to foster pets. We fostered two baby labs for several weeks until it was time for them to get spayed/neutered then put up for adoption. So, if you're afraid of commitment, try it out and take a couple dogs for a few weeks knowing that you can return them (or adopt them) down the road.
4	A few weeks ago, my husband saw online that there was a corgi here available for adoption. We own 2 Corgis and decided to go down and see if we could meet her. We brought our older Corgi with us and arrived about an hour before they closed. It was pretty crowded, but it was nice to see that many people were interested in adopting animals. One thing I recommend is to look at their website and know the names of the animals you are interested in, because the volunteers will ask you:a. Have you looked at our adoptable animals on our website?b. Do you know which ones you would like to meet?There were 2 potential owners who were meeting the Corgi when we got there. One of the volunteers told us that we were welcome to wait and see if she's going to get adopted. If not, we would be next in line to meet her. The first lady walked out. The second lady spent a while with her, so we thought she would be adopted for sure. Then, I heard her say "sorry" to the volunteer and walked out.We finally got to meet her and she was very sweet. 7 years old, in pretty good health, but obviously neglected and left on the streets for who knows how long. Her nails were extremely long. I wish they had cut her nails in the first place. But, I understand, they probably have so many animals coming in and not enough volunteers so they must be extremely busy. She also had hair missing from the back of her ears. Possibly from a food allergy or ear infection that never got treated. Looks like she may have gotten into a few fights on the streets because tiny chunks of her ears were missing as well. My guess is, these were the main reasons why the other ladies did not want to adopt her. So sad that they didn't want to give this poor girl a chance! But on the other hand, it is a good thing they walked away. What the NSPCA wants are people who will provide "forever homes" for the animals, and if they can't commit to that, the animals are better off waiting for someone who will.Yes, we adopted her and are now one big happy family! We had a very good experience here. Friendly and knowledgeable volunteers, affordable adoption fees and they even have a play area outside if you want to bring your dogs in and see if they get along. Cheers to those who support Nevada SPCA!
5	I adopted my baby, Red, from the SPCA in 2000.   She was the greatest dog that ever lived, a boxer pitbull mix and 80 lbs.  She was loving and her health, until the end was good.  SPCA is the place to get a dog, if you live in Las Vegas.  PLEASE do not ever buy a dog.  There are so many pets at the SPCA waiting to find a home.  The SPCA was where I took Red for her health care needs.  She got all her shots there, at a great price, as well as various health needs, they also have boarding available.   Red lived a full life and died last January, she was 13 years old.
5	I've adopted 1 cat and 2 dogs from this wonderful organization since 2010.  The volunteers are very knowledgable and are eager to offer suggestions on how to successfully introduce your new furbaby to your home.  The cat we adopted was a resident there for 3.5 years before we took him home.  3.5 YEARS!  And he was very well taken care of.  Our dogs were adopted 2 years apart and are buddies:)  I follow NevadaSPCA on FaceBook.  You can not believe the older animals they accept into their shelter and have great success adopting out.  They do a fabulous job showcasing them on social media and on their own website.  I have been involved with many animal shelters and rescues over the years, and this shelter is outstanding.  I am so thankful they are here in Las Vegas.
1	Enrique.PAround mid February we adopted a small dog from spca, we were told that the dog was healthy with no problems? 2 days later we discovered that the dog was not Eating? She had teeth hanging from her upper jawSpca told us that they will help with the $600 surgical cost over the phone. We took the dog back and we were told that we are not getting her back, they will conduct and investigation? And the adoption fee could go for the surgery cost? I Want my dog back!!! The rude lady behind the counter needs a little training in customer service and courtesy this is a service town not Salem......,
1	After 2 weeks after we return our dogDJ re-affirmed us that we were gettingOur dog back. But after  numerous callsWe are unable to contact DJ because thenice resident of Salem Mass. Told us that We are not getting her back because she is In charge of fostering and our dog will be place with some one else .V/R E P( why do they have this woman in such nice place?)
4	Considering the amount of dogs that are dropped up in all conditions and many seniors it is a great place.  They also rescue dogs from other shelters.  These shelters ask for their help because the dogs are either injured or in need of surgeries.  The SPCA provides the surgeries, and any after care.  I find it strange that people complain about the animals in cages and the smell.  Of course it smells, it is a shelter that is full of unwanted and abandoned animals.  They rely on volunteers and donations.  They have to make do with what they have.  People volunteer and walk the dogs, they have a play area.  They also have knowledgeable staff and sometimes they will not suggest a dog for you.  They advise you to bring in your cat or other dogs to see how the interaction is going.  Yes, there are some medical problems that do go undetected.  We adopted 3 seniors from them, and all three have underlying medical issues that are not noticeable.  They can't screen and run complete workouts on every single dog.  It would cost a fortune.  They watch them carefully and anything noticed is acted upon immediately.  You are not going to get the Ritz of a doggie shelter.  It is what it is.  It shouldn't even have any abandoned animals in there, but people dump their animals for the lamest excuses and some are quite honest, can't be bothered anymore and they are too old.So someone else gets to take care of them and find them a home.All three of our seniors are the greatest.  We would of adopted them if we couldn't afford the medical care or grooming.  They have a list of their animals on their Facebook page.  Best to look there and ask at the front reception.  They will tell you that the dog needs regular grooming and to budget, so if you can't afford it, don't get a dog that needs grooming.
5	I can't thank Nevada SPCA (Dewey Animal Sanctuary) enough for their kindness and continuing efforts to help animals in need.  When my old cat, K.C., died from old age a year ago (yes, I adopted him from Dewey ... 17 years earlier!), I visited Dewey shortly afterwards to make a donation and decided to look at the dogs.  Unbelievably, in the last hall and in the last cage was a little white dog with brown ears.  Macaroon, "Mackie," came home with me that day and my life was changed forever!  What a sweet, smart, loving little animal ... that fills my house with happiness every day.  By the way, I'm so pleased that adoptions are significantly up now that animals are brought out from the kennels to greet prospective owners.  I, too, thought it would be better to see the dogs in the back and how they interacted with one another, but I've absolutely been proved wrong. Thanks again, Dewey.  You do a tremendous service for all of us.
2	I had inquired about a pup that I saw onlinea few times. Eventually, they took my number because they had had several inquiries and said that they would call me when he was ready for adoption. Today was the day! I work the graveyard shift, but set my alarm after only a few hours of sleep to go and meet this cutie. When I get there, the guy (Who I later heard refer to himself as the manager) asked me a few questions. He mumbled, so I asked him to repeat himself... He looked at me like I was stupid and repeated himself dramatically slowly. After a few minutes of the small group of us playing with the cute pup, he sits down next to one of the prospective moms. He attempts to lower his voice, but I wasn't sitting very close and I heard him tell her that it was between her and another girl. Uh, why am I still here then? I felt stupid sitting there. I wasn't looking for a shoulder to cry on or even be let down easy, but it would have been nice and proper for him to maybe thank us for our interest and encourage us to look around. I'm a little heartbroken that I wasn't chosen to adopt the little fellow...I'm sure that it is common that people feel like this in these situations, and this guy was pretty cold and heartless.However, before I left, I clarified with the lady he been speaking to that he did actually tell her it was between her and the other girl. She politely told me that she had been visiting the pup every other day for weeks. She deserves him and will make a great dog mom. The SPCA gets the second star for making a good choice!
5	Five years ago my tiny Maltese mix died in my arms and I wanted another playmate for my other little dog. I looked on line and saw a small fluffy white dog at the Nevada SPCA listed in their photo line up. I rushed over to meet her and was a little shocked when she was brought out by a volunteer. Her head was full and fluffy but her body was shaved and all her ribs showed along her sides. The poor little thing was so afraid. Of course, no question, she was coming home with me. As they filled out the paper work they showed me a photo of what she looked like the day they rescued her from the Animal Foundation (Lied) the kill shelter. She was a big matted mess! on her history I read that she had been adopted twice and returned. I asked why and they said that she was not house broken completely.I sat in the car with her for a while until she calmed down and seemed to get comfortable with me. It is now five years later, I have a very large golden doodle 2 year old and the little girl thinks she is the mom. This little dog is the sweetest thing ever. Those two fools who adopted and returned her missed out on a truly wonderful little dog.Thank you Mr. Duke for the wonderful people at your shelter. Thank you for all you do for these fur babies and most of all, thank you for making it NO KILL.... I donate what I can each year and I hope other will too.
5	I respect what this place is doing but there is an underlying issue with no kill shelters. We simply don't have enough room for all the animals. That's why we decided to adopt from a no kill shelter... to make room for more. We were lucky to find the cutest little chug girl. She passed the cat test there and ended up hating our cats but they are fine now. She also seemed to bring home a bad stomach bug with her. My two pugs were vomiting for 24 hours. It was awful. We didn't know she was sick at all when we brought her home.Everyone is fine and happy now and we are so glad we found her.
2	Very rude people. Im a social worker and thought some kids Ihave would like volunteering.  After a good 20 min, waiting to be told or even acknowledged we went to see the dogs.  When we came back some very spazZy person who identified Herself as a volunteer told us she found something out.   Never found out what she found out but she was more concerned in getting my to donate money then answering my questions.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. Excuse my language, but seriously FUCK the Nevada SPCA. We found 2 strays in my neighborhood and tried to take them to the shelter for their best chance and they actually had the nerve to say, "well we're all full so you can take them to lied" the kill shelter. And told me that I need to make an appointment to surrender my animals. They're not my animals first of all. And second of all, how can you claim to care about animals and then tell people trying to do the right thing to take them to a kill shelter? They don't care about animals at all. No shelter here does. Also they have fostering programs. So tell me why they can't be put in foster care since you "have no room". This is BULLSHIT. Oh and the fact that I was mad was amusing to her I guess because she decided to laugh at me. I finally understand why people just dump their pets. Because it's better to let them fend for themselves and possibly survive or get rescued than to take them to a place where more than likely they'll be put down. This place is a joke.
1	I need to give my rabbit away cause I have no time of taken care of it cause I travel for work all the time now. So I called and just wondering if the place may take it and give it to a better home. But no the receptionist lady are very rude instead of a swearing my question, she asked me why do I have to give it away. And she told me that if I have no time then why i even have the bunny in the first place. Well excused me bitch I found this rabbit ever since it was a baby hanging around in my back yard so I decided to take him in and take care of him instead of having him outside and starve. I have providing him with a good home is all well fed and healthy but since now a days I gotten a new career and have to gone away for work so I have no time to give him any attention. So I think it would be better if someone may take it in and give it more love. Ugh!!!! I dont know who or what she is but where does she get all the negative attitude from. What a  rude ass person. I dont know if she were volunteer or payed but please do you freaking job right and give people some respect if you don't like your job anymore and do us a favor and leave. Well then maybe people will like this place more. rude ass people like you is the reason why customers don't even want to bother with this place.
5	It's an overfilled shelter trying to do the best they can with what resources they have. We just adopted our third pet, a 10 year old Chihuahua that they had just picked up from a kill shelter. Sweetest little guy!My wife and I are major animal lovers and help out when and with what we can. I recommend checking out their wish list on Amazon or donating funds if you don't have the time to volunteer. They are understaffed and severely overcrowded. Especially in the cats area. I understand the frustration of the staff when people are trying to bring their animals in. Having dealt with this myself, there are many instances where people did not think it through when getting a pet. This is a commitment to care for another life. We have run through a number of medical issues with our animals but would not give them up because they are part of the family...If you are looking for a pet please adopt and don't go to a pet store or breeder. There are too many animals living in shelters.
5	A no-kill animal shelter is a great asset to any community.  Thumbs up to all of the staff and volunteers that make this place successful.... Bravo!!
5	The SPCA staff is very kind and helpful in your search for a pet. They care about giving the animals forever homes and that potential new owners and pets are well matched. I got my dog Toby from here and I'm so glad I did. He looked well taken care of when I first saw him and I got to play with him in their open yard outside before committing to adopt. Their room with bunnies, hamsters and other small creatures is also great if you're looking for a small pet. Thank you SPCA!
5	This is a nice shelter, cleaner than most shelters in Las vegas and the animals seem happier. The employees and volunteers actually seem compassionate about what they are doing and the free range rooms for the cats are great. Their foster program is nice and really helps the shelter out to prevent the over crowding and getting the animals better socialized and ready for permanent homes.
5	Just adopted my first rescue dog from here on 8/15/14. He is a 2 year old Dachshund mix we named "Dexter" and he has exceeded all my expectations and impresses me every day. He really is a great loving dog and gets along with my two other dogs at home. The staff here are all very friendly and knowledgeable on the dogs they keep here, and also happy to answer any questions. This is a no kill shelter which is a big plus on my book. And most of the dogs and cats here have been neglected and/or abused by their former owners. It's sad to see how many animals they have here. When you arrive here looking for a pet. They have a screen where you can scroll through all the potential adoptees and once you find a few you are interested in. They bring them out one at a time where you can get acquainted with the animal in a special area outside too see if the dog/cat is the right fit for your home.Adoption fee was $70 flat, which included neutering, all the major vaccinations, and microchip. They throw in some dog food and include a complimentary 10 day free veterinary care once you adopt here.
5	I've adopted two dogs from this shelter and couldn't be happier! The staff were really sweet and the one guy who helped us knew a ton about different breeds and played with all the dogs regularly so he had insight into their personality traits. He was someone who you could tell was really passionate about his job and genuinely cared about the animals. He asked us a lot of questions and said that he does that because he wants to make sure that it's a good match for both us and for the dog. He wanted to make sure it would be a forever home for the dog since all of the dogs there have already gone through enough heartache. That's the kind of person you want working for your company. I was really impressed and glad to know that someone like that had the backs of these helpless animals. Sorry to go all Sarah McLachlan on you but I couldn't not.The first dog we adopted was about three years ago, her name was Bebe in the shelter and we renamed her Baby. Two years later Baby was looking in the mirror a lot while crying so we took that as a sign that she wanted an animal friend. Fast forward a few weeks and we adopted Sonnet from the "poetry pup siblings," who we renamed Coco. Both of their stories were sad, Baby's family had left her behind and Coco and her siblings were found homeless and scared of people. I wanted to be a bit detailed in case the staff read these reviews so they can get an update on the dogs they helped. Both of the dogs are so happy and lead very happy dog fun and friendly lives. They're best friends :)  You can see the photo we posted with the review.Both of the dogs have brought me and my husband so many great times and memories. Thank you!
5	Great Staff!I addopted a pup who had Parvo and they had nursed him back to health before adoption When I go back he remembers and loves the staff there, so I know he was given attention and not just caged all the time..I made several visits before finding a dog the right size and w/ the right personality for me. I recommend using their website as you can see the available pets and if you find one you like, be there early as they go fast.Considering they gave him his first series of shots and the care they did, the $125.00 adoption fee was a real bargain.I am happy that there is a "no kill" shelter staffed by true animal lovers.such as this one and strongly recommend helping them in any way possible, including adobpting, donating, or fostering.Thank you S.P.C.A.btw - I also use Dewey vet. center in same building for their vet services, they are great as well.
2	I went to drop off a lost dog I found on the street. It was a pitbull mix. They refused and stated they were full. They suggested I take it to the Animal foundation. I cannot say the person who refused knew the breed but I did inform another employee who may have told him. SPCA It is a no kill shelter,  however I feel as if it is a rigged system if you can refuse animals and suggest a kill shelter...  I will continue to support all shelters but I am just disappointed.
5	I had the BEST experience adopting at this SPCA! I went 3 times to visit before actually adopting my new furry kid & each was GREAT!!! They were friendly & patient & VERY informative about what they knew (or didn't) about each dog & their background. I ended up with a BEAUTIFUL little 3 legged Italian Greagle (Italian Greyhound & Beagle mix...lol) & I could NOT be happier!!! I just LOVE my new Hound & want everyone to PLEASE adopt don't shop for your new furry addition to your family!!!
4	My husband saw a picture on the SPCA's Facebook page of the most cutest puppy and texted me. We both fell in love. Within an hour of the post, I was there filling out paperwork for her (Heidi's) adoption.The staff was friendly and ready to answer questions. They also didn't hesitate to grill me either which was good to know they didn't just adopt out to just anyone.However, hence the 4 star, out of all the shots they gave our new puppy and out of all the questions they asked me about the pets at home, nothing was said or mentioned about canine influenza.We brought home our new pup, now family, on 9/19. Since then, starting Wednesday (9/24) both her and our mini eski have been sneezing, coughing, vomiting and have diarrhea. We brought Heidi to our family vet first, yesterday (9/28) and discovered she either has canine influenza or some kind of virus that requires a stool sample.Long story short, please adopt, by all means PLEASE do...but be prepared to have your new dog separated immediately from other dogs you may already have in your home.
3	I've been following the Nevada SPCA on Facebook for a while now. My fella and I are wanting to add a member to our little family, and I'm constantly on the look out for the perfect dog or puppy.  This weekend, we wanted to go down in person to see if a dog I had been eyeing was still available.  The place was easy to find, and parking was good.We were greeted right away, and were shown to the computers where we could browse the dogs that they have available for adoption. The young man who helped us was very informative, asking if we rented or owned, if we had other dogs, and what we were looking for. I was sad that the dog I'd looked at online wasn't available, we were told that she went home the day before.  I'm glad she found a home though.We didn't find anyone to take home with us, but we'll be checking the website frequently.  All in all the visit to the facility was a pleasant one.
2	Monday afternoon, I stopped into the shelter at about 3:30pm.We've not found the perfect fit yet for a dog, and I've seen a couple on the website that I was interested in meeting. I read the website every day.  I know that the animals I'm interested in are recovering from abuse, and had intended to start what might be a long process of me visiting once a week to help the dog get used to me before we bring up our pointer to meet them.I walked in, and as I was walking to the window, I was asked by a volunteer, who sat down the WHOLE time, if I needed help.I said yes, I'm interested in this dog. He says to me "You know he was abused, right?"I said I did.He goes on to tell me about how the dog isn't really good with people other than the volunteers, and that he bit someone a while back...Now, I'd called a few days before, and was forewarned that the dog was "nippy."And while I appreciate the sentiment of not wanting me to get bit...why on EARTH would you try to discourage someone from adopting a dog that has been there for a while, unless you just want him for yourself?I asked about another dog, and received the same passive "you don't want him" type of information.Was he thinking that I don't really want these dogs?  Was he being lazy because they were supposed to close in a half hour?  I'm not sure.  But I was NOT happy when I left. The chances of a shelter dog being previously neglected and abused are pretty high...MOST people going into a shelter are prepared for this.  Don't try to discourage people...you never know.  That dog could have LOVED me that night, and could have been great after a few visits...but now we'll never know.
1	Me and my girlfriend went there to put our cat up for adoption, and everyone (and I mean everyone) working there was EXTREMELY rude. One older worker there was telling everyone there we were just there to "dump" a cat and when he grabbed us a cat carrier, he threw it at us. Needless to say we brought our cat some place else. I do not recommend this place to anyone. Bring your animal some place else. And to the lady who left that rude compliment, we did not buy the cat. Our roommate left her with us, so it was not even our choice. Do not go bashing people when you don't even know the story.
4	Ok, so after my experience this weekend, I really have to revise my rating and give two extra stars.  I came back in on Saturday with my fella to look at a few dogs.  The guy who had discouraged me from looking at dogs previously was there again, and it turns out that he is the manager. He, along with a few other volunteers helped us out between Saturday and Sunday through adopting our beautiful beagle/dachshund mix!  From what I gather, and I didn't ask or bring it up, but I believe the reason I was discouraged from seeing the two dogs that I was interested in before was because the manager is good at reading people, and assessing how an animal might do...I saw this a couple of times, especially when a woman brought a dog back that she had adopted...he told us that he had warned her that this dog was going to be too much for her to handle, and he was clearly correct.  (the dog was pulling her around the lobby, and she had NO control over him at all.) Anyway, as to our visits, we were able to spend time with a couple pup brothers, who weren't quite the right fit, and then we met our Buster. (We've renamed him Jack, as he wasn't responsive to Buster for us.)He was friendly, and sweet, and liked to sit right next to us...walked on a leash well, and played ball!We brought our pointer up to meet him on Saturday, and the volunteer started off with us, keeping Jack (Buster) on a leash while my fella held on to Charlie on hers...then when they seemed to be doing well, he told us to go ahead and let Charlie go, and then he let Jack go when he felt he was ready.  He gave us some alone time with the two of them, and luckily, everything worked out great. Sunday morning, we called first thing, and had them hold the dog for us, came up and visited with him for another minute...when I completely fell in love.  I sat on the floor to play with him, and he climbed right into my lap.  I was done for!  The paperwork was quick to fill out, and the adoption fee was minimal.  They provided us with a list of vets who give a free check up, and his tags for his collar and microchip.  They also provided us with packets of the food he was eating, along with a bunch of information for new pet parents, and coupons. After my experience this weekend, I would highly recommend adopting a dog here.  If the manager tells you something about a dog, indicating that it might be too much for you, talk to him about it. Let him know what you're looking for, and I'm sure he'll be able to help.I couldn't be happier.
2	Ok so this is a tough review for me to write, so let me start with the good. They have a special place in my heart for the work that they do. Now for the bad, I went in to donate some left over food and litter from my cat who I had to put down. This was an extremely emotional thing for me, I don't say that for sympathy but merely to add to the story and my experience. I walked in, clearly a bit distraught, I explained and received a perfunctory 'I'm sorry' followed by "leave the stuff over there, and do you need a tax form?" No thank you, no, can we have your name, no, are you interested in donating money, no, would you be interested in volunteering. Those are all the freebees they get as I consult with businesses including 501C3s. I would be happy to consult with them and greatly reduce my fee because this is so near and dear to my heart. So if you are the executive director or a board member and you happen to read this, please contact me, you could be raising so much more money, and more importantly saving so many more lives.
1	This place has by far gone down hill over the years that I have supported them. My pet ran away about a month or so ago. The volunteers were incredibly rude to me as they told me my pet was either stolen or killed. I was thinking about adopting a pet during my visit but they made me feel as if I should leave. I went elsewhere to adopt.
5	I love going and visiting the cats and kittens. They have different rooms where you can go in and interact with the cats of all ages and also cats with special needs. They are so passionate about what they do and they really care about the animals that come to them and do they best that they can to find them forever homes. When I moved into my neighborhood I came across a cat that had a large abscess on his neck. I emailed probably 15 different rescues at 1 in the morning trying to find help for him. I either got no response or emails referring me to other places. A lady from the NSPCA didn't bother emailing me back, she CALLED me first thing in the morning and told me to bring him in and they would be able to help him. I'm so grateful for how caring and helpful they are. Both of my babies (my two cats) were rescued from the NSPCA and I refer anyone who is looking for a new addition to their family to look their first! :)
