5	A friend of mine told me about a new little chinese place so I thought I'd give it a go.  I really didn't know what to expect and driving into the strip mall my heart dropped a bit since the location is a tad...worn looking haha well I was commited so I walked thru the front door and what a suprise!  Its so cute and new inside.  I've eaten at some 'rough' looking places in china town so it's not like I would have been totally put off if it was like that, but its not!  I ordered alot of different things and everything was great.  First off they don't put tons of bell peppers in their dishes which scores big points with me.  They have the usualy chinese food favs like orange chicken and fried rice but they also have duck dishes and Salt and Peper Calamari which is my favorite!  Salty, spicey AND crispy, I WILL fight you for the last peice.  I also ordered the Firecracker Shrimp which was cute and crispy haha  I guess they just recently opened so they didnt have dessert yet but I will definitely be back.  I think its a nice place for dine in or togo.  Way better than Panda Express,way cleaner than china town.
5	Went to Long Jin because of a coupon I got in the mail.  We were very pleased with the cashew  chicken and tangerine beef. Chinese food isn't my favorite but the food we had may change my mind. Stanley was our waiter and was very helpful and kind. They just opened 2 days ago and are having a buy one got one free promotion until Sept. 30. I will definitely be back.
5	Very friendly staff, fgood food and quiet atmosphere.  Been back since our initial visit.
4	My brother from another Asian nation, Andy T. told me about a new Chinese resto that opened up doing a buy one get one free promo so we decided to try it. It's in a older shopping center and inside is quite cute and immaculately clean. While we looked through the menu our server brought us small plates of pickled radish/carrot and crispy wonton strings w/ sweet&sour sauce. We ordered hot tea and they had a choice of jasmine, oolong or the namesake tea- long jin. It was good quality leaves in the tea so it didn't bother us that it is $2.50 a pot instead of free/few cents what Chinatown places charge for the house tea. The menu isn't crazy long, but has a rounded out selection of foods. Portions are pretty generous, prices are about the same as China town area. For food we went with:Singapore Noodles ($10)- pretty good. Decent curry flavor and was generous with toppings of shrimp, chicken and bbq pork. Sweet and Pungent Chicken ($10)- this doesn't pop up on menus in Vegas often so I had to give it a try. It was pretty tasty. Thin sliced and light batter that managed to stay crispy with the sauce. The sauce isn't quite like sweet and sour or quite like orange peel, but a cross between.At the end of the meal, they gave us sliced oranges and fortune cookies. Service was friendly and attentive. I didn't know you had to have some sort of coupon for the buy one get one and when I called to ask if they are still doing it, they said yes until Sept 30th, but no mention of a coupon. However, the server still did the promo since we knew about it.Really, it should be like that since I doubt way in the NW I get a coupon for all the way down in Spring Valley, but since I knew about it through word of mouth, they got business from it. Business that I think will return for sweet and pungent chicken and other offerings. On a side note, they deliver for those in the area. Either through calling them directly it seems or I saw a Roadrunner sticker on their door.
5	Tried the lemon chicken and it was very good. Get the banana dessert with red bean ice cream!  Everyone working here is so nice. Can't wait to come back.
5	Delicious food. I was surprised to see the ownership changed as we were planning on going to Tiger Sushi but are REALLY glad LongJin was there and we gave it a try. The service was beyond amazing.  Not bothering you too much but still checking on you. I had some salt n pepper tofu and shrimp fried rice. Both delicious!! I also recommend the firecracker shrimp as an appetizer. :)
5	Wow...can't say enough about this place.  The food is amazing and the service is excellent.  They start you off with a pot of hot tea (free of charge) and some fried chow mein noodles and sliced vegetables with sweet and sour sauce.  The lunch servings are generously portioned and the kung pao chicken was very tasty.  The meal was less than $10.  Can't beat this place for quality and value.  I will definitely be back.
4	This seems to be a family-run place.  The service was attentive at all times, albeit not exactly as slick and smooth as pricier places.  Nonetheless, these folks really do seem to care that you're happy and they're genuinely proud of their restaurant and their food.  Of the items we ordered, we really, really enjoyed the tangerine beef, which was excellent.  It's difficult to fry beef without overdoing it into shoe leather.  Happily for us, ours was done perfectly, lightly crunchy on the outside and correctly done on the inside.  The flavor of this dish is delightful, it was the highlight of my dinner.  Another great item was the spring rolls which were also nicely done and surprisingly flavorful.  About the only thing that failed to meet expectations was the beef satay.  The satay themselves were too cool on arrival and the sauce was unusually vinegary. (I'd say to save the satay ordering for when you're at a Thai place.)  Notwithstanding this, we had a lovely dinner and will return.  For the bargain conscious, another thing that makes Long Jin a good value is their participation in the Restaurant.com certificate program.  If you're into that, you can save a good chunk of money.  Our very, very large meal for two came in at $34, including tip (and applying certificate).
4	Chinese food has a pattern; corn starch, MSG, and sweet sauce.  You get the neon orange sweet and sour pork, or the indulgently sweet honey walnut shrimp no matter the Chinese restaurant or location.  You know that there are Mexicans or Cubans in the back cooking the food, and that you always get your meal faster than a McDonald's drive-thru.  That, at least, was the norm until I stumbled across this quaint strip mall restaurant, once a sushi bar location and now an eclectically decorated Chinese restaurant that broke the mold I so easily cast all Chinese restaurants in to.  It's funky Avatar font sign--not a white box with lights behind it, mind you--that simply states the namesake, with a Chinese stamp-like sign on the large sign pedestal along the road, you would never guess that the food contained within would surprise or even delight you.  Dare I say, but so surely backup the forthcoming claims that this place is, above all else, a delicious change of pace, one well appreciated and happily welcomed.Upon pulling in to this strip mall, a Little Caesar's on the right and a cash now stop on the left, it seems somewhat out of place and intriguing because of that.  When you enter the tinted glass door you are greeted by a cheery female who is more than happy to seat you immediately.  The half booths, full booths, and few tables contained within are preset with all you need to eat--a plate, a bowl for rice, and a tea cup.  Chopsticks and forks come with the drinks at a later time, and are not the typical wooden throwaways.  They aren't the white slippery suckers, either.  I like that small touch.  The menu is short and sweet.  There are some regular American choices, like the sweet & sour pork, the lo mien, and the duck.  I am happy to report that the award-winning Peking duck--the one that comes with the steamed bun bread, cut table side (the entire duck, mind you)--is on the menu, along with some nice arrangements of vegetables, seafood, and meats.  I went for the typical fare: sweet & sour pork, BBQ pork, honey walnut shrimp, and green beans with garlic.  With that, the tasting began.You expect the red BBQ pork sliced on a plate to come out, but nay--theirs is truly smoked, covered in the sweet, clear sauce and made so well that I, a person who hates to eat fat of any meat, ate every piece of the pork, fat and all.  It was lovely and a great starter.  Everything else followed, and everything that lay before my parents and I was presented with love.  A tomato butterfly accompanied the pork, for example, and the honey walnut shrimp lay on the standard shredded cabbage, but was surrounded by broccoli, which made the dish pretty.  It tasted as good as it looked, with a more tart than sweet flavor, but a very light batter and lots of walnuts, which I liked.  The sweet and sour pork wasn't neon orange, but tasted like sauce from scratch and the pork itself was crispy even after cooling down a bit.  The beans were fantastically salty and garlicky, crispy, and had those sear marks from cooking right in a wok.  Overall, the meal was pleasurable, visually appealing, and done just right.With our leftovers in hand we exited the building after a brief chat with the chef, who is the owner and seems to be younger than I.  What I love about this man is the fact that he wants to get the flavors right and wants to hear directly from the customer.  I had no qualms with the flavor profiles, and praised him for his genius.  After all, I am not easily impressed with the standard American choices from any Chinese restaurant in town.  I hope he keeps doing this, since this is his first break in the restaurant business--I believe this place will do well.Long Jin is more than the eclectic atmosphere with flowers and plates on the wall, French music playing on the stereo and a woven fat Buddha overhead.  It's the food, done right, done fresh, and well-balanced.  It's the love that you taste in the homemade soups and sauces.  I, for one, am glad to know that there are still those out there willing to make everything and not rely heavily on SYSCO products.It was a pleasure discovering Chinese food all over again, and I look forward to taking on a few more adventures at a corner table in the very near future.
5	Not what you would expect from a strip mall restaurant!We had five different dishes and all were wonderful.The Ma-Por Tofu was to die for.  They claimed that the tofu was actually house made.  Incredible.Kung Pao had great flavor unlike some of the out of a can Kung Pao sauce that many places use.  House made!It was extremely clean and the staff was very, very attentive.  I will return on my next trip to Vegas.
5	After seeing that Long Jin offers Peking Duck, I bookmarked this restaurant to try.  We went there last night, which was Saturday, at 7ish, and were the only customers.  We were greeted by a friendly waitress.  The restaurant was very clean and modern.I immediately noticed a paper sign noting that pot of tea is FREE!  Choices are oolong, jasmine, and long jin.  I chose the jasmine.  It was nice and fragrant.I enjoyed looking through the menu but as I was there w/a purpose in mind, I quickly ordered peking duck and a plate of szechuan eggplants.After our order was placed, the waitress brought out a small dish of crispy noodles w/a side of sweet and sour sauce.  It was a nice snack to munch  on.  Several minutes passed, the waitress ask if we would like to slurp on some soup, which was on the house since the peking duck takes some time.  The choices were the egg drop corn soup or the hot and sour soup.  We both decided on the hot and sour soup.  It came out piping hot and was quite delicious after I added black pepper to my bowl.Finally, one of the personnel rolled out a cart when the nice peking duck slices and prepared 3 small plates with those lovely slices sandwiched between the nice moist bun, dressed with hoisin sauce and shreds of green onions.  Yum Yum Yum.  after 3 buns, I was happily satisfied.  Few moments later, a big plate of chopped duck pieces came out (the rest of the peking duck), and my eyes were wide, because that portion of duck will feed my bf and I for the next couple of days...yes, there were that many pieces.  Along with the the roasted duck was the plate of szechuan eggplants sauteed with woodear mushroom, bell pepper, bamboo shoots in a spicy garlic sauce, and a bowl of rice.This was a great dinner experience, and I will definitely come come back with my bf's family to try out many more dishes, such as the tangerine beef, appetizer's platter, etc.Customer Service was superb: 5 starsDinner (Peking duck and Eggplant): 5 starsRestaurant itself: 5 stars (note:  the toilet paper is so strong and soft, the expensive kind)I came to the conclusion that the reason why we were the only dine in customers there last night was 1.) due to the location and 2.) because they do deliveries.
5	Pot Stickers (dumplings), Lettuce Wraps, Chicken Fried Rice, and slice of Cheesecake.. Happy Customer here!Pot stickers were a little undercooked but still delicious.  Lettuce Wraps superb!  Chicken Fried Rice Superb!  Portion size excellent!Delivery time approx 30 mins.Friendly, Polite, tastes great.  Won't even try another Chinese place in a long time.
4	Amazing customer service! I've never been to a Chinese restaurant where the staff check up on our tea AND pour tea for us. Everyone was really attentive and came by to check up on how we were doing (not annoyingly so, but after a good amount had passed). When we were waiting for our order to arrive (and it was clear that my parents were antsy with hunger), the staff came by to give us an update on our food and reassure us that it would only be a couple more minutes. It wasn't like we had even flagged them down to ask or been talking about it; they could tell from my parents' body language. Hah.My family came here for dinner on our way out of Vegas and had some pretty darn good food. We asked for less salt and less oil on our food and everything was still delicious. We ordered Beef Chow Mein, Sauteed Green Beans, and the Yang Chow Fried Rice. The fried rice was probably the best, with the great taste of the char-siu pork. Free tea, the sweetest oranges as our post-meal palate-cleanser, AND we got 20% off our meal--not sure why, but thanks! If ever I'm back in the area, I'll be coming here.
5	Excellent, across the board:Service: five starAmbience: excellent, clean, new, easy to enjoy company and food.Walnut shrimp - perfect. Dry fried string beans - very good, little salty but the rice helps mellow it out. Friend said her egg fu young was best she's ever had.Will be back? Absolutely.
4	I love this type of hole in the wall Chinese food spot. At first I was skeptic because of the location which is hidden in a strip mall but the food and service spoke for itself. We ordered the pecking duck and the spicy egg plant. The pecking duck took a few min to prepare so the waitress offered us a bowl of hot and sour soup while we wait. The duck was prepared table side with the crispy skin served with the steamed buns, green onion, and hoisen sauce. Imagine crispy duck skin on top of a pillowy soft steam bun mmmmmmm duck skin sooo good. Overall this little place was comforting and the food and service exceeded my expectations. I would love to come back and try their other dishes.
5	Very clean.  Excellent food.  Friendly service.  Would Recommend this restaurant to anyone.  Peking Duck nicely presented tableside.  Apps were pleasant.  Enjoy Long Jin.
3	Hate how you smell or feel dirty when going to an authentic Chinese restaurant on spring mountain?  Well the solution is this place.  It is a small Chinese joint on the corner of spring mountain and rainbow that provides a very clean and friendly experience.  The only part that is lacking is the obviously one of the most important, the food.  It's not horrible but it is defiantly not the best.  Food quality almost seems like a midway point between your local rice/noodle to-go shop and an authentic Chinese restaurant .  In other words, the food just isn't that good.However very clean and convenient and I'll be back.
3	I've been here twice -- both times I've gotten takeout. That's never the best way to experience a restaurant's food, so your experience may vary especially if you dine in. Located in the same plaza as Jarochos Taqueria in the northwest corner or Rainbow and Tropicana, it's a converted Japanese spot with a counter to dine at if you're eating solo. The place is super clean with a modest decor with minimal, but tasteful, design elements.Service has been quick and friendly on both visits, with my food ready for pick-up after a short drive from my house. I noticed behind the register at the front of the house their computer had their Yelp page displayed, so they do read their reviews.The food I've had has been hit and miss. Their honey glazed barbeque pork ($8) was delicious! Plenty of tender, sliced pieces of pork covered lightly with a tangy and subtle sweet honey syrup. My favorite pieces were the ones that were slightly charred, which provided the perfect contrast in texture with the slightly fatty meat. Their menu claims it's an "award winning recipe". Is it really? I have no idea, but it is amazing and worth getting if you eat here.The spring rolls ($5) were crispy and filled with a finely shredded veggies. The cashew chicken ($9) looked to be quality meat with a good balance and ratio of protein to vegetables and cashews, but was a bit bland. The beef lo-mein ($8) was clearly my least favorite dish. The noodles were thick and chewy but excessively oily and there wasn't much beef. The dish could have benefited from more onions and green onions. The pieces that were there were also unevenly cut -- some were tiny, others huge. The execution of the dish could have been improved greatly.Prices are reasonable and because it's close to my house I'm sure I'll try it again. Although I'd prefer to dine in next time to see how the quality of the dishes vary.3.5 Stars
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!With the help of our restaurant.com certificate, my bf and I went here one night and we really enjoyed our time. Their Peking duck was crispy and fatty and we fought over some pieces lol. Their green beans was our obvious favorite. I have officially converted my bf into a veggie lover! Their calamari was good, but my favorite is still from HK Seafood Garden. Maybe it's because I do love the oil. Our server was very attentive and helpful, he even offered to make all our peking duck buns for us. We both loved his quintessential Chinese accent, he sounded like Po's (goose) father from Kung Fu Panda! The service that night was a tiny bit slow because it was such a busy night. This did not bother us at all though, the food was too good that it distracted us. I can't wait to come back to this place again :D
4	I have had this place bookmarked since they opened. They are located in my neighborhood and I was excited to have another takeout / delivery option to choose from. Today was a lazy Sunday, so my fella and I decided to order some food delivered for dinner. I know this is not the best way to judge a restaurant's food so I cut them some slack on that.  We decided on the Szechuan Eggplant, Kung Pao Chicken and Sweet and Sour Pork. The food ordering process was efficient and friendly. They promised delivery within 30 minutes and true to their promise our doorbell rang at 30 minutes on the dot. The food was packaged very neatly and tightly in the bag. They included all the sauces, napkins and utensils we would need for the meal as well. The food was pretty tasty for basic Chinese fair. I was hoping for a saucier kung pao chicken. The chicken was a tad bit dry and more sauce would have been beneficial to the chicken quite a bit. The spicy eggplant had a good texture. It wasn't overly soft and had a good meaty texture that I enjoy, although I wish it was a tad spicier as well. The favorite was the sweet and sour pork. All the food was pretty solid.I'm definitely interested in trying the food in person, especially the well-priced Peking Duck on their menu since I have a restaurant .com certificate burning a hole in my pocket as I type.
5	This place is Peking good! If you have never ordered this dish before, LJC should be the first place you visit. Ordering Peking Duck feels so regal. There's so many components to this dish and it's really a show when you order it. They slice and plate the duck in front of you. There's the crispy lean skin from the breast. It's important to have this thinly sliced so that it can be easily wrapped with the green onions and bao (the white bread). The remaining portions of the duck is then plated again meant to be enjoyed on its own.  When you put it all together, it's easy to see why this is the beloved dish of choice for most Chinese Vietnamese weddings. This is as good as it gets in Las Vegas.
5	Very good Chinese food. Singapore fried noodle was exceptional.
1	Can't comment on the food but just a warning here.  They are listed on Restaurant.com and when one arrives first notice is a large hand written sign (appears worn and old) that states they no longer accept Restaurant,com.  Still current on R.C and when I called R.C they had no idea that Long Jin were not accepting the certificates.  Restaurant.com refunded the money but this did nothing for us having to miss dinner as this place was on the way to the show and timing left no wiggle room for researching a new venue.
3	While I was waiting for my takeout order, there was a party of 4 seniors (non-Asian) leaving with big smiles on their faces.  One of the females then said "This is our favorite restaurant in town!  Everything is always great!".  She then grabs all the business cards sitting by the cashier and walks out the door saying "We have GOT to get you some more business!".I stared at the takeout menu for a good 15 minutes.  It's freakin Chinese food!  I know what I like!!  I didn't know what was taking me so long but I ended up ordering the ma po tofu and house special lo mein.  I then think about how I can't remember the last time I ordered ma po tofu to go as I'm driving home.NOW I REMEMBER why I don't.  Everything in the takeout bag was a total mess of sauce.  I won't make that mistake again.  The tofu dish was great.  They used ground chicken instead of pork which made it taste a bit lighter than usual and the rest of the sauce that stayed in the container was pretty good.  The noodles on the other hand were sub par.  I wish I had read Clint B's review before making the order.  I totally agree with his opinion on the lo mein and wouldn't order it again.  Excessive oil.  Chef's gone wild!I fully plan on coming back for the Peking duck which will most likely change my whole opinion of this place.
4	For a place that's supposed to be your typical local neighborhood chinese restaurant, I was highly impressed. The restaurant's interior design is pleasant, with television. I came during lunch, and they have to have one of the most outstanding lunch specials I've seen for a chinese restaurant. Depending on what you get, I got the vegetable lunch special. It came with an eggroll, your choice of soup, choice of white or fried rice, and the entree itself was filling! The only thing I didn't like were the vegetables soaked in grease. Service was on point, I felt like the guy was at my table whenever I was done with a plate or if I looked like I wanted a question. Felt like I was the most important woman in there! Great experience, if you're looking for a local chinese restaurant that's a little more upscale in looks and service, give this place a try.
5	We are always on the look out for good Chinese and something that is different or unique.  My husband had read reviews and decided we should try this place out.  I hadn't had a chance to review and didn't know what to expect, but if he was excited about the menu, then I knew it must be good.So, as usual, he'd given the menu a once over and made our selections.  The only server was a woman, and she was very  friendly, she took our order and went off to get it turned in and obtain my "pot of tea".  I got the oolong and it was wonderful. They have three choices and they all seemed inviting. In a little she pulled up to the table with a cart loaded with a beautiful display, the big plate was set up with four steamed Chinese buns, with sliced scallions and hoisin sauce.  There were four thinly sliced crispy duck skin pieces placed with a bit of scallion onto the bun with a dab of the hoisin sauce, the smells were terrific and the crunch of the skin with the bun was even better. They served the rest of the duck cut into small pieces with the bone served with the plum sauce.  We got several other dishes and they were all as good as the duck!  This is a very simple restaurant with great service and terrific food.  Just right for something new!
1	Sorry to do this, especially for a restaurant that serves great chinese food.  We went on a Friday noon and there was only one other table seated (and they seemed to know the owner) so I guess they overlooked the chaos.  The problem was a 6 (?) year old girl running around the restaurant dining room acting crazy, most of the time in her bare feet!  She would lie down on the bench seats and use the remote for the DR television.  Do I have to say more about that?  When an adult tried to turn down the set she stood there and screamed at the top of her lungs until they handed her back the remote.  They never attempted to take her outside or into the kitchen.  I think it was the mom who sat at the front reception area and pretty much ignored us and her daughter.  It was a ridiculous situation for a place of business and we were extremely annoyed.  The food was very good so I suggest getting it to go or move on to a professional establishment! It was hard to decide on a one or two star rating but I had to be honest.
3	its a good place to get hot fresh & decent chinese food
5	We drive from Henderson to eat at this Chinese restaurant; it's that good.  Love their fried rice & appetizers the best of any other place we have sampled.
4	We live close by and after seeing the coupons on the Smith's register receipts a number of times, decided to give it a try.  Didn't use the coupon by the way, dine in only and we ordered take out.  We started out getting something simple.  So ordered the spring rolls, egg rolls - which were not on the menu but still available, house special fried rice and shrimp fried rice.  We're picky about egg rolls and like the big thick ones we're used to from back east.  These were significantly smaller, but were good enough,  not greasy and not soggy inside.  The rice is outstanding.  The house special was loaded with beef, chicken and shrimp and flavorful.  Not your typical bland variety that needs soy sauce or whatever to flavor it up.  The shrimp fried rice had decent sized shrimp in it and the shrimp itself was outstanding, omg could have had a plateful of just the shrimp.  The shrimp tasted fresh and flavorful, and not rubbery.  So we will be back to sample the rest of the menu little by little.  After reading the other reviews, can't wait.  The woman who took our order was so friendly and obliging.  We had the dog with us, so I stayed outside waiting for the order.  She brought it out to us.  A little thing, but means much.  The coupon says grand opening so don't know how long the management has been around.  Hope they stay.  By the way, the Smith's Buffalo and Flamingo coupon is buy two entrees get one entree free with purchase of two drinks.  Dine in only.
5	I have to give a 5 star for the service. Seem to me it is a family-owned restaurant as I only saw a female and a male there serving us. At the time we were there the restaurant was getting busier with more people coming in and ordering food. The female was attentive and super friendly. She even served us with free snack while we were waiting for our food. I am not saying it is a fancy snack but the effort was really appreciated. It was a small size of friend noodle with sweet and sour sauce.She checked on us a couple of times to make sure we had all we needed. The restaurant was busy at that time and they were able to manage with minimal staff and still being friendly and attentive. We ate there on Friday. 9/14/12 around 7-8 pm.
5	This is a gem of a place!!!!!!!!  No MSG, and all of their food is fresh and very flavorful!!!!   I am amazed at the quality of all the dishes!!!  I dont't love broccoli but the way they cook it and the freshness of it I eat it up like its my favorite!!!  Please support this family owned and run business, they deserve it because they offer great Chinese food!!!  Just be patient because they are family run it is not fast food...  Great food made with TLC takes time but it is always worth it!!!!!   I am a customer that loves to support places with great food and this place is on the top of my list for Chinese food!!!!
3	All you can eat sushi--need I say more?Not the best quality in the world, but when you're looking to stuff yourself until you can't any more with fish and rice for $23 buckeroonies, this place is where it's at.The all you can eat menu features appetizers (chicken skewers, miso soup, sweet potatoes, side salads, etc.), sushi, and dessert.I'll be back fo show.
5	BEST NEIGHBORHOOD CHINES RESTAURANT! Northwest corner of Trop and Rainbow. Next to Little Caesar's and Carlos Jr. (eww, get some real Chinese food instead of fast food!)The food is delicious! The staff is friendly! And the cook is Chinese! Family owned and with economy these days restaurants often cut corners on the service or portions. I love the honey glazed walnut shrimp and I decided first time ordering from this place I would try it. Never once since had I not ordered it again. Portions was very generous! Tons of fresh shrimps and walnuts! I also need to mention the house fried rice, it has not steer me wrong!The prices are very reasonable and you definitely get what you paid for! Yummy! Call in your order togo and the order taker will ask for estimated time of arrival. She stated she would like the food to be the most fresh and not sitting at the counter waiting to be picked up.I have no had a chance to dine in, but while I was picking up my order in the past. Patrons always had great things to say about their experience as I waited to be rung up at the front counter. One lady was very glad she found the place and praised the lady at the front counter several times what an awesome experience she had.
3	I was excited to eat here after having seen the reviews. I called ahead to let the restaurant know that I would be ordering peking duck so they were already preparing it when I arrived. I started with some hot and sour soup. It was delicious. When the waitress brought out the duck, she prepared it all for us and wrapped it in the little buns, sauced it, added the green onion. It was so so good. Nothing short of amazing. It was the rest of the meal that was somewhat disappointing. I ordered the sauteed green beans and some yang chow fried rice. The fried rice was mediocre...nothing more than average. The green beans, which are usually a favorite chinese dish of mine looked delicious. I got the texture I was looking for, but  absolutely NONE of the flavor. It had no flavor whatsoever. None. Then the rest of the duck was brought out and it was very tender but was nothing out of the ordinary. I haven't crossed this place off my list because it is so close to where I live, but if I would only go there to satisfy a midweek craving for chinese food.
5	Very delicious! Nice atmosphere and very clean and new inside.....would recommend the calamari, wonton soup and chix fried rice!! Yummy!
1	Do NOT order delivery.  I've ordered delivery from them twice.  First time 90 minutes, second time 2.5 hours!  No apology, nothing.  Will not be going back.
4	Good food off the strip! The lady who waited on us was the owner I believe she was very friendly and the sweet & pungent chicken had a unique taste unlike any of the typical sauces most Chinese restaurants use. I would definitely recommend checking it out!  I will add that there were a couple ladies in the booth behind us who were complaining that the food tasted "fake" so I guess if you're looking for some fancy Asian bistro this isn't it. But if you want some good Chinese take out style food this is the place to go
5	Just finished the best takeout ever and it deserves a rave.  The sweet and pungent chicken was recommended and a very good choice.  We ordered it slightly spicy,  Next time more spice but still a ton of flavor - not quite orange chicken not general's either.  A citrus sweet makes your mouth pucker a little yet spicy combo taste.  The chicken is thinly sliced pieces in a portion  enough for one very hungry teenage son or two meals for me. Will get this again and maybe I'll get more than a taste next time before it vanishes,Got the shrimp fried rice too.   Big flavorful shrimp makes this a winner.The owner stressed everything is chopped and made up fresh for each order.  15 minutes is not a long wait anywhere.
4	The place is quiet and peaceful. Everyone was very nice and I loved the family feel. I don't know how many places I've been to that seem irritated with us for bringing or son, who is only 18 months old. She loved him and I appreciate that more than anything.The food was delicious and you get plenty of it.  The only thing I didn't like was the ice tea. Not because it was bad, just wasn't for me.We will definitely be back!
5	This place has the BEST Chinese food in town!! I ordered their crispy tangerine beef, and it was soooo delicious!!! it reminded me of a cChinese restaurant I use to fo to when I was a kid,  Im a very picky person when it comes to Chinese food, and I have to say it was so good!!! Their Lemon chicken in very good to!!! as well as their Orange Chicken!!! All of these dishes are a MUST try!! The service you get is A1, and they are very friendly. I will definitely be coming back here again and again, and for sure refer other people to Long Jin!! Your awesome!
2	While I have coworkers that swear by this place, I must say that my initial experience was...meh. I placed a to go order for house pan fried noodles. The lady who answered (who I also believe to be the owner) let me know that the price on the menu was not the actual price of the food. While I had thought that to be strange, I didn't care because I was starving.When I picked up the order in the timeframe stated to me, the food wasn't ready. Not a big deal but the lady then told me that the house special pan fried noodles (which on the menu reads shrimp, chicken, and beef) could only have 1 option. So I was forced to choose shrimp. I was pretty annoyed at this point because they had only started my order when I came to pick it up.When I finally got back to my office and looked at the food, it was sitting in a pool of grease. There wasn't very much sauce and or flavor for that matter. What I got was oil flavored fried noodles with shrimp and a lot of broccoli on top. I was not happy.Maybe this is was a one-time boo boo and I've had a rare unfortunate experience. Either way, you won't catch me trying this place again any time soon.
2	We ate here due to the good reviews on Yelp.  However, we were very disappointed.When we sat down we noticed that the table was dirty.  We mentioned this to the server and got some strange answer about how people don't use the tables.  No idea what she was trying to say (she spoke very good english).  My wife got some napkins and washed the table herself.  The server didn't even apologize.We ordered the asian chicken salad and won ton soup for appetizers.  For the main dishes we ordered Chicken and broccoli and pan fried noodles with beef.The chicken salad didn't come as described on the menu.  It had maraschino cherries  instead of dried cranberries.  There were no nuts on the salad and the dressing had no taste (supposed to be an asian vinaigrette)  and there was no sesame oil.  If they were out of so many things, they should have told us when we ordered it.  The salad just tasted like lettuce with very little other flavor. The won ton soup also had no flavor.  The broth tasted like boiled water and the vegetables and dumplings added nothing to the soup.Likewise, the 2 main dishes were OK, but lacked any real flavor. I added soy sauce (which I never do) so that it would taste like something.We tried to explain these problems to the server, but got nowhere.  She didn't even say she was sorry for the poor food.  She really needs to learn how to be a server at a restaurant.  She needs to carry customer comments to the kitchen and apologize to the customer that they weren't happy.Very poor experience. We will never return and I hope others read this and go elsewhere.
4	$5 lunch special is good! Until 3pm.
4	While I live on the other side of town, I have several friends who live within their delivery range, and have ordered from here three or 4 times now.  I am not generally a fan of Chinese food, but I can tell you that this is some of the best Chinese food I've ever had.So far, I've had the Chicken Satay Skewers, the Pork Egg Rolls, the Broccoli Beef, the Tangerine Beef, the Cashew Chicken, the Orange Chicken, and the Pork Fried Rice,  Everything has been great, though the Tangerine Beef is really chewy.Their website is listed wrong on here.  It should be www.longjinchinesecuisine.com
4	The gf and I continue to search for our "go to " places in the neighborhood.  In that this is basically the only Chinese place less than a mile from the homestead and they deliver, we walk in with fingers crossed.orderedHot/Sour soup (bowl- $5)BBQ Pork ( $7)honey walnut shrimp ( $12)gf orders her "good girl" chicken and steamed veggies ( I believe cost for both under $12)The soup was decent and a decent serving.  The pork was also a generous serving and we believe it was the pork loin so a good cut of meat.  I enjoyed the shrimp more than she did - we agreed it was above average.gf was very happy that the chicken/veggies were properly prepared.  unfortunately, she tasted the honey shrimp and pork and that opened the flood gates !  The chicken and veggies were quickly placed in a to-go container and the girlfriend orders the citrus beef ( I think that's what it's called - cost less than $10) and it's over - she wolved most of that down ( btw - we agreed that was our fav dish of the night ) I'm stuffed but again, the gf just warming up - she decides we need  dessert ( the only item I finally got around to taking a picture of ) Banana/nutella egg roll with ice cream (we picked red bean ) - very good !  Service was timely and attentive, then again, a little worried that we were the only people there at 7:30 pm on a Friday ( they did have several to-go orders while there ) Overall, we were very please and will consider this our local Chinese spot.one pic
3	It was ok.  It's so hard sometimes coming from a place where there are a whole lot of Asians... you become way too picky about your Oriental comestibles.  We ordered a whole bunch of things and they were all ok.  Nothing to write home about, but then again we didn't order a clay pot thingy or any shark's fin soup.  Decent Chinese for Vegas if you don't want to eat it in a buffet.
5	My parents love this place. They have great lunch specials and their food always comes out fresh and delicious. Our favorites are Kung Pao Chicken and Beef Chow Fun. It is owned by a hard working husband and wife. The children help out here too. I love supporting family businesses!
3	We ate here last week and it wasn't anything to get excited about. Lots of food as usual. Nothing was very good. It was decent at best and needed salt. I know salt needed at Chinese food! Yes!! I won't go back! Customer service was great
3	Another one of those places that so close too the house always pass by too and from work. Always wondered about the food and finally got around too trying me some. I went for lunch in general fan of asian lunch specials. At Long Jin they have really nice one whole page selection of ones too choose from! It mostly your standard ones from the sweet and sour, kung pao, mongolian beef, etc. They do have the regular menu too choose from also but on this day went with the lunch special. Really for under ten dollars get pic k of entree, comes with choice of hot and sour soup or another one forget, fried egg roll, and favorite munchies fried noodle looking sticks dip in sweet and sour sauce before get your soup. I went with the lo mein noodles with chicken. Choice of soup went with the Hot and Sour soup. Also ordered on of the appetizers just too taste more of the menu. I tried the salt and pepper calamari. The Hot and Sour soup. Fan!!!! I really liked the depth of the flavor, hearty with lots of mushrooms, and whatever else they put in it. It great way too start meal with nice cup of HOT soup. The salt and calamari this I lOved. Too be fair anything done salt and pepper style (no matter the protein) destroy. The seasoning was well done had nice little kick too it. Best part of it was nice chunks of calamari rather then  ring style that can easily get overcooked and dried out. The breaded was perfect,  It had nice golden brown color, crispy, calamari moist on the inside cooked perfect, and addicting appetizer. The entree this is were felt like just OK nothing really amazed me or wanted me too have seconds. The noodles were cooked spot on, as were the vegetables, and chicken. Just felt that lack identity came too flavor in the dish. I felt like eating plain noodles with saute chicken and vegetables. I understand base of the dish but still could put something in it give it life. The service was awesome. I never had empty glass although since only one in the restaurant might not be best gage of the service. Still being the only one in for lunch they were very attentive too service. One thing that found odd was had no music going in the restaurant and since only one in for lunch felt awkward being so quite here pin drop. They do have couple televisions in the restaurants but neither of them was on. I like the decor inside it has nice relax vibe. Even though feel like just ok. The location being close too home place that would come back too try more of the lunch specials and more salt and pepper action...
4	I'm not sure if it was the holiday or what, but it was empty and quiet here. And I liked it.Long Jin sits in one of those corner plazas with not all that much going on. There's a Mexican joint that I'll probably try soon, there's some sort of casino, and I really didn't notice anything else of importance. I mainly decided to try it because it was nearby so I wouldn't have to spend extra time getting to and back from the Spring Mountain area.I ordered the beef lo mein ($7.99) from the lunch special menu, which is all pretty typical Chinese restaurant fare. The lunch special includes a veggie egg roll, crispy noodles with a sweet red sauce, and a soup choice of egg flower (my choice) or hot and sour. They were all good, not uniquely great.The lo mein was a little underseasoned so I ended up throwing some soy sauce on it, and it might be a little too oily for some people, but I didn't mind. The beef was quite tender, which I suppose is expected, again, out of typical Chinese food. I liked the sliced onions but wished that they had diced up the green onions for even portioning.Overall, I felt pretty satisfied and not hungry yet not overly full. They do delivery within 3 miles for $2 if you're that close and are too busy/lazy to head out here. I would recommend this as a local option, not as a place to go out of your way to visit.
4	Okay, it's probably too soon to write a rave review about this place but we just ordered from here this weekend and it was really good. Best mongolian beef I've had outside of PF Changs. Just the right amount of spicy, scallions, onions and really, really tasty. Fried rice is pretty good, although I don't understand why they (chinese restaurants) all insist on using frozen peas and carrots. They just aren't good people! Other good items included Roasted duck, house lo mein, salt & pepper calamari (probably better right out of the fryer) and... the coups de gras... Nutella & Banana dessert Eggrolls? Yep, you just read that right. And they were more delicious than you could every imagine! Definitely be ordering again. It was a little pricey and delivery took a lot longer than she estimated, and won ton soup was mediocre... so thus the four not five star review.
5	If you are looking for a place that has that signature msg taste this is not your place!!! All the food is obviously fresh and cooked to order. 5 stars for this place because you will spend just as much at Panda Express but get food that's like 1/10th the quality.  Good stuff. Ohh yeah not to mention.. Free hot oolong tea!!!!
5	From out of town, had a hankering for Chinese food, Yelped some local places and found Long Jin Chinese. Had my niece go pick up our order. Not only was I ridiculously impressed with the quality of food but my niece was uber impressed with the restaurant itself. The food was fresh and the place was clean and the staff was friendly. Also, they are msg free!
3	Honestly not impressed..firecracker shrimp good but spring rolls a lil soggy. Had the combo meat entree & it would have been pretty good except the steak & chicken strips were not from quality meat - which is the main thing I look for in any restaurant but esp Chinese...
4	This was our first meal from Long Jin and I was impressed! Lemon chicken, curry chicken, shrimp fired rice and the shrimp firecrackers. We phoned in the order and picked it up- it was ready in 20. Everything was freshly prepared and tasted amazing. It was a bit more expensive than I was planning for- about $45 total. It was worth it- definitely eating there again!
4	We stopped to pick up food for dinner one night. The lady at the front door was very friendly. We made our choices, the order did not take that long. We took home the lo mien, which had good flavor. I also got the tangerine beef. I liked this very much. The beef was crispy, tangy and sweet. MY DH enjoyed the honey walnut shrimp. Did not really care for the fried rice. Too many green onions.That will not stop us from coming back. We enjoyed our meal. Next time we will dine in.
5	First off, this is probably one of the cleanest Asian restaurants I've been to and I've been to quite ALOT since I'm from San Francisco.Before we ordered, we were greeted and asked if we wanted to start off with any drinks so we all went for a cup of iced water. When it arrived, it was MUCH cleaner than the typical Vegas tap water that 95% of the restaurants in Vegas served. When I asked why this way, the owner, Lily, told me that it's because they used advanced filters that also had UV bacteria killers.Lily continued to tell me about a new energy drink they started serving pretty recently with the brand "XS". She brought out an information sheet for me that compared XS to Red Bull, Monster, and many other energy drinks. XS was much lower in calories, sugar, sodium and calories. I decided to try the pink grapefruit which was amazing and woke me up instantly. Caffeine usually has very little effects on me so I prefer only the strongest coffee I can find but learning about how XS can be healthier because they are extremely high in Vitamin B made me take a look at healthier options.Onto the food, we ordered the sweet and sour pork, the beef lo mein, rice, seafood soup, honey glazed shrimp and walnuts, beef and eggplants, and fried cream cheese dumplings. The food there was definitely fresh and of good quality which made it extremely tasty. The fried cream cheese dumplings were very crispy and the cream cheese added just the right amount of balance to the dish. The beef from the lo mein was very tender and the eggplants were slightly crunchy on the outer layer. The soup was slightly spicy and tasted great!I'd definitely come back here for an early lunch the next time I go to Vegas! There were tons of parking spots and although it may be a 5-10 minute drive from the strip, it was nice to be in a part of Vegas that was a bit more peaceful.
4	Long Jin is one of our go-to spots for weeknight Chinese, and one item in particular. The half Peking Duck. The crunchy mandarin beef is a little on the sweet side, but indulgent and wonderful, and pretty much everything else I've tried has been great. My husband's never failed to eat all of his food and then try to steal some of mine. But oh, that duck. Fluffy pancakes, crisp scallions, sweet duck...delivered. For less than $30. Sold! We've eaten in store a few times and always had a great experience here. It's clearly a family run joint; often there's an adorable little girl running around. (On one visit she kept trying to quietly change the TV to cartoons and getting in trouble, but it was super cute.) And I'm pretty sure the staff is often the lady out front, and someone in back. 2 people, running a whole restaurant, with food and prices this good. Often the dining room is pretty empty, I think they do a lot of takeout business, but it is still a very clean, relaxing dining room that makes you feel comfortable.Takeout's usually ready in 10-15 minutes, hot, steamy, and so good. They also offer delivery, but they use a delivery service (who I am not rating in this review, or deducting them points for) that can be kind of spacey. They lost our food twice. So now we just do takeout.
5	I absolutely LOVE this restaurant! My husband and I go all the time and (for some reason) are the only ones in there. Every time we go we swear that its the best meal we've ever had. Their orange chicken is so good that the moment it touches my tongue I get goosebumps, and could I make love to a plate of food, I would. Everything on their menu is incredible and delicious and amazing.
2	I go to quite a few Chinese restaurants.  I really wanted to like this place but just couldn't based on the food we had.  We were the only ones in the restaurant and ordered the following 5 dishes for lunch:  beef chow fun, sweet & sour pork, crispy sole filet, HK chow mein with chicken, and chicken with mushroom.  The only thing that tasted good was the beef chow fun.  The s/s pork was okay;  and fish didn't taste to fresh, dry but was still edible.  The two chicken plates had a funny taste to it, kind of sour maybe used old chicken.The guy that took the order also cooked the food.  It took a while to cook the food.  But after taking our order and bringing in our food, no one asked how our food was or asked us if we wanted anymore water.  Considering we were the only ones here, I though the service would have been better since it seemed like it was a family run restaurant.The only reason I gave it two stars was how clean the restaurant was, since most everything else was below average.
4	Don't forget to ask for $5 menu before 3 pm.  The food is healthy with e spring water from Amway. No msg.  Family owned Chinese. Have to try the shrimp dishes.
