4	Man, if these guys were trying to replicate a gringo bar in Mexico down to every last detail, then they have it absolutely nailed. Sorry to ruin the mystery of the name. The building itself is a spectacle-- a brightly colored fusion of indoors and outdoors with a few different bars, games like the beanbag toss and televised sporting events in every direction, music blaring, a room dedicated to Elvis, and more Chuck Norris jokes than you can count plastered across the walls along with a bevy of posters advertising drink specials. A line of blue footprints painted across the concrete floor leads to the men's room, dollar signs to the ATM... genius stuff, really. It wouldn't have been at all out of place were they to have tried selling surfing monkey statues or trotting out a donkey painted like a zebra for an extra special photo opportunity.Rumor had it that Dos Gringos had a killer Sunday brunch buffet and Bloody Mary bar, so we showed up at 10:30 AM to find... that they hadn't opened yet. A place that offers brunch but has the balls to wait until after 11 is okay in my book. Ten bucks gets you all-you-can-eat eggs, bacon, chile verde, beans, and a bunch of other stuff to tickle your fancy. There's nothing like sitting out in the sun, feeding a hangover and resuscitating last night's buzz before the clock strikes noon, and it sure beats sitting in traffic when that monstrosity of a church up the street unleashes some Old Testament fury on Alma School Road. Dos Gringos probably gets spring break wild on Friday night, but on Sunday morning, this place was just as tranquil as the doctor ordered.
4	Oh Dos Gringos, how doth one review ye?What is Dos Gringos? Honestly I never thought about it until I started this review. I would say first and foremost this is a place to drink, although they don't have any draught beers on tap. But they do have a decent selection of bottled beers. They do have one tap behind the bar but it only spits out margarita mix. And of course, they'll mix you a drink, too.The layout of the place is a little different but it works well. As soon as you enter there is a center bar, a la Cheers. There are couple of SD TV's over the bartenders. The bar is surrounded by various tables. This area is sort of outside, so one can smoke if they like. The area just behind the bar holds more tables, HD TV's, a corn hole court, and of course the mandatory Golden Tee and Buck Hunter. Beyond this area is an inside dining area (no smoking allowed!) and another bar. Don't let this place fool you. The food is really good. Come in during the day and you'll see families who bring in friends from out of town. I often see large parties there around dinner time. I haven't had everything on the menu but I've never been disappointed. You can't go wrong with anything chicken; it is well marinated! And I've heard that they have a Sunday all-you-can-eat brunch.Now for the real review. This place gets packed Thursday night through Sunday night. But the atmosphere is always chill. The makeup is not as diverse as Iguana Macks next door, but there is very little attitude in the place. I always meet someone every time I go. The party is hopping right up until closing time. All of the Dos Gringos have their own atmosphere and their own crowd that they attract. The Greenfield one is more family oriented and an older crowd. The Kyrene is just really sad and pathetic. Tempe is very much a college bar. And Scottsdale is, well, it's Scottsdale. The Chandler site really can't be pigeon holed. It's 20 and 30 somethings out for a drink in a cool atmosphere. And the best part of Dos Gringos Chandler? It's right next to Iguana Macks!
3	= = = = = =  SUNDAY BRUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Ah, it's a rainy Sunday morning.  What better time to go out for some buffet, especially Mexican Buffet?   :-))   Dos Gringos has one, so let's whip over there!First of all, Dos here is a very screwy place, outrageously junked up with all kinds of signs, pictures, jokes painted on the walls, & so on.  No other customers were around right at opening time of 11 AM, but by 11:05 the place was almost full to capacity with more loud, earthy people than a Hell's Angels wedding reception!  I've never seen a trailer park full of tweakers empty out into a restaurant so fast!Now there were 15 main food selections for everyone to reach in front of each other to get, including Huevos Rancheros, cheese enchiladas, Chile Verde, chorizo, Santa Fe Chicken, sausage, bacon, beans & rice (of course), & much more, plus a good number of toppings available, but no salad or soup.  Everything was good, & my server was nice.Sunday only, 11 AM to 3 PM, $7.99.
4	Home of the $2 Dos....Equis that is... Since this is the closest to my house (and I've been to the others) I like coming here when I feel like an after work beer and an afternoon breeze. the bartenders here are always good to me (which unfortunately, is more than I can say for the Scottsdale crew, just seems to much of a clique up there).Love the food, love the crowd here as well.I'll miss you when I move Chandler DOS
4	Dos Gringos was a pretty cool place to grab a beer with and chill with some friends. It wasn't packed or anything but there was still a lot of people inside - which was okay because the place was big enough to where you weren't bumping against people while trying to get around.Lots of TV's inside and plenty of tables and places to sit. I liked that the music was loud, but not blasting so you were able to carry on a conversation on the outside patio if you wanted. I didn't get to eat here, so this review is based solely on the establishment and atmosphere!
4	I wondered when they opened this place how it would do right next to Iguana Macks, or if Iguana's would suffer.  Both seem to do just fine.  We came here on a Friday night after pre-gamming at a friends house.  Even with full bar, the service was fast and friendly.  The whole crowd seemed to be pretty friendly and relaxed, which was great because a few of my friends were a little drunk!The Jukebox seems to have a master control - they will turn off music they don't like and skip to a new song, so unless you are spending your money on mainstream hits, don't bother.  Not sure how much money my brother spent before he gave up.My favorite feature of all Dos Gringos is the painted footsteps you follow to the bathroom.  Amazing how helpful that is after a few (many) beers.
1	Absolutely the worst Mexican food I have ever had. This place is just a bar because the food is terrible.
3	Dos has become the regular hangout for our group on Monday nights, for a few simple reasons:1. $2 beers after 10pm2. $4 meals/apps after 10pm3. Atmosphere and service.Dos Gringos is not the type of bar one would frequent because it's high class or offers a bevy of unique mixed drinks or beers on tap.  At its heart, it is a dive bar that excels at being kitschy and serving super cold bottled brews.  Its location takes advantage of Arizona's stellar weather, as it is an outdoor bar.  We've never gone during the day, but even during the warm summer evenings, the fans do their job at keeping everyone cool.  The servers here are always friendly, checking in frequently and serving up food and drinks quickly.  Our group tends to trickle in, and I'm always impressed at how easily the servers manage to keep everyone's tab separate without us requesting it, or needing to dissect what each person at the table ordered.The reason for the three star rating lies primarily in selection.  For those looking for tequila or Mexican beers, Dos Gringos provides a great selection.  For those looking for something else, it may be a bit harder to select something from their drink menu.  This isn't inherently a bad thing; if I wanted a particular type of beer, I'd go to a different bar.  The music leaves a lot to be desired, though it is the standard bar mix of current popular songs (though they earn a point for not having played "Party in the USA" like every other bar I've been to over the last 2 months).For Monday nights, Dos Gringos is the perfect scene for an ice cold Fat Tire and some nachos.
4	This place is near my boyfriend's house, so we found ourselves ending our days there on the patio. We were there during the week so it was never crazy packed, but there was a good crowd of people. They have good drink specials, and the burrito I had there was pretty bomb. I'll definitely be back, plus this one looks a lot classier than the one in Tempe.
4	There are very few times when I like to just go out  and get drunk and this place does the job.  $6 cab ride and a $40 tab will help me get to where I need to be.  I don't believe I ever went here during a week day so can't comment but the weekends can be interesting.  I always get a laugh at the people who are stumbling out of here at 2am.  Either that or I'm stumbling and they're walking straight but I believe its them stumbling.  Give it a shot, you won't be disappointed in the service.
4	I think this is my new happy hour spot. I like it. Good service. Drinks are good. Price was reasonable.
5	We had my fiance's and my combined birthday party there this past Friday. We had great service!
3	Bam!  This place really pops.  Either that or no other place was opened that night.  Definitely, not my cup of tea any more.  Everyone here was so young and I felt so old haha.  Granted, I think if you just wanted a few drinks with the guys, this is a great spot.  Drinks are cheap and the music is bumping.  The music isn't bad; then again I was really listening.  I was busy playing the games in the back room.  Pool tables, extra large jenga, connect 4, and bean bag throwing (which I sucked) come and bring your A game!  I wouldn't say this would be a great pickup bar as some signs suggest, but if you're a gal pal then by all means. - enjoy!
1	My experience with this place started out as a good one, fun atmosphere, not too crowded, plenty of activities even if you are the DD. Now as a Mexican restaurant/bar you would think they would have good tequila and know how to serve it.  I ordered a Patron on the rocks with a salted rim. What I got was warm Patron with 2 tiny ice cubes which melted on delivery and barely enough salt to see that it was even there.  I didn't get too upset at my "drink" and just switched to beer for the rest of the night. At the end of the night when I got my tab I saw that they had charged me for the 2 tiny ice cubes that they put in my warm tequila. To charge me for ice cubes when a glass of water is free is ridiculous. I will never go here again.
2	the only saving grace about this place is that after 10, they have their rocky pointe nachos for $4. those are super yummy BUT the place is a meat market and they have little to no wait staff. i'm sure i'll go again, but only if there's no other real options. you can smoke inside and that also is a plus..
3	So I came here twice, once for happy hour and once at night.I would not come here just for the food, even though I hear their food is pretty good and the menu is huge.. Visually, the atmosphere doesn't strike me as a place id like a nice "hot plate" from, but rather just drinks and maybe some tacos to go. For Happy hour its cool, and I would recommend. They have cool bartenders and a cool crowd..Id pass on the Night life here. The crowd isn't very attractive, not just on looks but over all. Bad night idk?
4	I'm an Iguana Mack's kinda girl but we often go for "one more next door" or for food. Dos is a fun bar. I think it's even more fun on a night that's kind of slow. Bartenders are all fun and attentive which is really important to me. The stuff that's painted on the walls is pretty funny, especially in the bathroom. Great specials. I love that they have $1 shots when it rains!
4	I went here for the first time last Friday and had a lot of fun. The bartender that helped me, though he was a Jets fan, was super friendly and remembered  my order everytime I went back to get more drinks. The drinks were pretty cheap. I also ordered some tacos that were really good. They have a ton of televisions and a small dance floor, as well as a couple pool tables, a beer pong table, and a cornhole set. It was busy but I was able to move around and enjoy myself. I'd definitely come back here to grab a drink and play some pool or hang out.
3	I was really having a difficult time figuring out what i wanted to rate this place. I really don't care for the food or service overall but we know one guy in genera(who i think is a manager) and has been with this dos gringos location for a couple years since I have moved out to AZ in 2009.  For some reason the nachos lose more and more star points with me since the first night i ever tried them in 2009.  I never love the service from everybody only the one guy(as i am still trying to remember his name) If we ever have a problem with the drinks we always have him take it back and fix it. But that kind of shows you that other people are not doing it right the first time.  We always order the nachos from this place and i cannot tell you how much i hate nacho cheese. I just love to death a place that has regular melted cheese and meats/beans/sour cream/guacamole. Not a mix between regular and nacho cheese.  but i will def eat it if i've been drinking. I love food and savor every flavor (if its amazing) so i can never give a fair review if i had been drinking i would have to go back a time where i am completely sober and coherent.  1 thing i have noticed about the chicken on the nachos is that they are usually pretty dry. i kind of wish they would grill the chicken and place it on the nachos after they take the nachos out of the oven.  Just an A-OK from me even though we are here a couple times every other month or so.
4	fun place to dance.. 3.50 beers and 4.50 beers.. roughly 5 for mix drinks... not horrible not great.
3	Okay, first time I went there it was with the office crew to help celebrate and co-workers birthday.  I liked the place, went back that night for a live show, beers were cold and the food was good.  A bit like being in Mexico.  Place is a bit outdoors and a bit unkempt at times but when you want a taco and a brew this is the place.  I don't want to sound like I don't like the place at all because I enjoy the live bands they have come through the place from time to time.  Happy hour was okay but the happy hour margarita comes out of the soda dispenser, that was a big turn off for me and the lady. It's really  funny because  I'm meeting two friends for lunch there today.  LOL.. like I said a place to enjoy a quick taco and a few brews, plus you will enjoy all the handmade wooden games they have around, pool tables and signs galore around the place that will keep a smile on your face... kids allowed!   Prices are fairly reasonable for Mex type dishes
3	Review for happy hour....I was surprised I liked this place as much as I did.  Maybe it was the margaritas talking as they were tasty and I think only $3.  We were in a group of 12 people and of course all of us wanted separate checks.  I always feel awkward when asking for a separate check but when asked, our server did not blink and was really nice the entire 3 hours that we were there. I think the request is common as it is a place that seems to cater to large parties.  The place is loud, filled with tacky decorations, tables and chairs that wobble, but I would recommend if you are in the mood to meet a group of friends for  drinks and socializing.
3	Food is only good after you have been drinking but good luck catching a buz when they charge four fifty per corona  apparently that is considered imported premium. Only good thing about this place is they leave the kitchen open until two A.M..
5	I'm not gonna lie, I've only been here Twice & once is all I need to fall in love with a place. The first time I went with my bf to eat. The food wasn't half bad, way better than filabertos!! The second time I went here It wasn't for food...haha it was for drinks. I don't really remember how much they cost or if the bartenders were nice but I had a great time! The best part is, they didn't kick me out! (:
4	Went with a party of 8 on Sunday 03-25-2012.  ( We had been going to Iguana Mack's actually, but it was closed for renovations, so we went next door to Dos Gringos. )The place is really nicely decorated and "fun" from a setup point of view.  Welded Mexican statues, Christmas lights strung around, etc.  They put an effort into decorations that's for sure.We sat in an area that was covered patio (sorta) and the wind was blowing and the clouds were blocking the sun.  The patio experience was really pretty awesome - one of the best I've had in the Valley after moving here in 1995.They were short-staffed, and a bartender was our waiter. (sigh)  This can be good or bad, and I guess he did OK considering he was covering about 8 people at the bar too.Took F.O.R.E.V.E.R. for the food to get to us.  I mean, like 45 minutes or maybe a tad longer.  A couple of times, we ran out of soda/water/beer and had to wait a while for him to notice.When the food FINALLY arrived, there were instant problems.  The beans had a "hard coating" over the top, an indication that they sat under a heat lamp for a WHILE.  All the food was at best barely warm, and most of it was virtually cold.  One order was wrong, so it got taken back and replaced.  (At least ONE of us got hot food !! )We ate without complaint at that point because we were starving.So, with all these problems, "why 4 stars?" you might ask me.  Read on:When it came time for the bill, we told the waiter/bartender about the problems and he sent the manager, Jim, over to talk to us.  We nicely explained the issue, mentioned that we did enjoy most of the flavor of the food, but that most of it was cold and obviously had sat there ready to bring out to us for a very LONG time.  He said he'd take "some stuff off" then returned with a bill for................................wait for it................................a grand total of $5.50.  That's "Five Dollars and Fifty Cents."  He only charged us for the two beers.  All the food was comped.  Eight people got free food.Now THAT, other restaurant managers, is the way to achieve "future customer loyalty" right there.  We are going to tell EVERYONE about the good treatment we received and the correct way the manger handled it.  We would have been happy with him taking 2 or three of the dishes off there, but to give us ALL the food for free?  Excellent public relations move.We will be back to eat there again.  Multiple times.  Hopefully on days when they are fully staffed !!!
5	I love to go here on Monday's. The bar tenders are so nice and give amazing service. Try the Chipotle Chopped Chicken Salad. AMAZING!!!
3	This Dos location is OK.  I mean I never have a bad time when I come here, but I never have an exceptional time.  Make the commute for the Scottsdale location.  That Dos is money!!
3	Street Tacos are good, Happy Hour Corona's for $2.50, great for Happy Hour or a laid back evening. Nothing like the Dos in Scottsdale, but if you're feeling in the mood for steak nachos and a beer with no fuss, this is a good spot.
5	I've never been disappointed here and it's always a fun place to hang out. The food(tacos) are awesome. My favorite is the street style chicken tacos. The breakfast burrito is also awesome and BIG.   $2.50 coronas until 7 are the right price too. When the weather is a tad cooler it's fantastic to sit at the bar and soak up the sun.  The bar tenders are always on top of the drinks and even give a little entertainment. Granted I have been there primarily before 5-6pm.  Oh and the giant games they have are hilarious to play with after a few shots ;)
4	Outstanding service and food , drinks are not bad. Service can't be beat.
4	I never thought I'd be writing a food review of Dos Gringos. The spot, with four Valley locations, is known more for being a raucous bar in my circles than a dining destination, yet after I ate lunch at the Chandler location recently, I was very impressed with the food the spot offered. First off, the portions are massive and are a great deal for the price you pay, since entrees were only around $10-$12 apiece.I splurged on the deep fried bean and cheese chimichanga smothered in jalapeno cream cheese and sour cream. The burrito was absolutely massive and was served with rice and beans. After chowing down on a generous serving of chips and salsa, it really stuffed me.My friend got cheese enchiladas, and her meal was also huge. It wasn't gourmet Mexican food or anything, but it sure was delicious.I had never considered Dos Gringos as a spot I'd go out of my way to eat at, but after that experience, I'd recommend it to people looking for some good food during their happy hour-or as a place that has awesome food to soak up some of that alcohol you've been drinking, since the kitchen is open until last call.
3	Average food cheap beer. They are pretty standard but it is a good place if you want to get a cheap buzz. Used to go here a lot when I lived in chandler for the food.
1	I never thought I would say  this about this place but I have to be honest. This place was TERRIBLE when we went there to eat. Yes, I know its a "bar" atmosphere, but I had eaten there before with my family and it had been a good experience in all manners ( both food and service). But recently an experience that I had was horrible in both manners. First of all , the food was HORRIBLE. The order had 2 different things wrong with it and besides that , the taste was NOT fresh at all. The tacos werent good at all. Then , the person I was with had ordered a beer , which was on happy hour and when the server ( which was horrible too ) , came back asked if he wanted another beer, he said yes and she didnt bother to tell us that it was going to be regular price which was more than double the price of happy hour cause we missed it by a "few minutes" .. So the happy hour beer was 2.00 and the regular priced same beer ws 4.50.!!!!!!!!!! When I asked the server about the change she was just irritated with me that i questioned her.The entire thing was TERRIBLE.. the server was too busy talking to other staff and ignoring our table and they werent that busy in the restaurant, so its not like it was a challenge. Overall I would rate this as horrible and I will NEVER go here again..EVER
4	Berlin is the best. She was very obviously new to the job, but we told her our names... she remembered them the entire time, and didn't even mind that 4 people came in for just 2 margaritas and a couple of sodas. They are sticklers about their 10pm start time for reverse happy hour, but otherwise... a great place to relax, unwind, and people watch.
3	Decent food with a really fun atmosphere
4	Perfect place in Chandler to go and get plastered. Food is actually pretty good.If you're looking to party, definitely plan on sticking to Friday or Saturday unless you know for sure that there is an event going on.
2	Sat at the bar but didn't get service. So we left!!!
4	Went on a Friday night and it was great. Waitress was very attentive even though we had a large group that was at 4 different tables. Tried 5 of the appetizers and loved them all. The margaritas were a little watery but it was happy hour so they were cheap.
3	We always enjoy ourselves here but it's never because of the service or the food/drinks. Great atmosphere but that's about it.
4	I went there for first time the service  was awesome only issue was menu was kind of weak I would if expected more drinks and food but great service
3	really good shrimp tacos, house margarita could use some work.
3	Atmosphere and service was good. The inside of the place is pretty cool and I enjoyed the large connect four game, and my daughter enjoyed the corn hole. The female service was good, and this one girl inperticular was good. She wasn't our server, but brought us chips and just had a good personality. I wish I knew her name for a shoutout. Moving on, food was bad. We did not like this food and we will definitely not return If we are looking for some bomb mexican food. I wouldn't mind having a drink here, but in terms of a "grill", not good stuff. Bar, A+ enviroment, restaurant, F
4	The wings are awesome!! They have great deal on beer buckets as well! Pool tables? You got it! Great place for happy hour with a bunch of friends..
4	Love Kristine, Megan, and Nick! They know our "usual" and always make time to come by and say hi. Not just say hi, though. They ask how our week was, what's new...they take a general interest in us which is refreshing to experience from the normal bar atmosphere. It's dog friendly so be sure to bring your four-legged friend!
3	I have really enjoyed Dos Chandler for a few years now, I used to just drink their Negra Modelo and Dos X, but recently started eating the super ewey gooey chimi, which I would recommend to anyone.  Their quesadillas are awesome, they don't get much better than that.  (And I work in a New Mexican style kitchen). I feel they should offer more Mexican beers on tap, and definitely need more tequila options.  The frozen margaritas aren't anything to brag about, however.  The tables are usually sticky now whenever I sit down..and I haven't had a consistent server or bartender in a long time, there is always someone new, but they do a decent job taking care of me, but I can tell they don't have much support management-wise on the floor.  I give three stars due to dirty tables, poor beer selection on tap, and the usual generic tequila selection.  Being a Mexican restaurant they need to step up their game and clean the place up.
3	Slow but fun....just don't expect to eat or drink fast .....
4	This place is very comfy, laid back vibe, serving only bottled beer and a full bar. The food is not bad. It's not very authentic, but your typical Mexican food. This place is really busy at night and it's a big hang out spot. I don't go here much, but never remember ever being disappointed in service or food.
1	Terrible customer service from the moment you walk in. Want a quick drink? Walk over to Circle K next door and get yourself a case and drink at home.
4	Food and service was great!! Definitely recommend getting the mini chimies and rice...Mmmm delicious!!!
3	Food is alright - nothing special and certainly not authentic Mexican flavors. But the staff is nice, the specials are good, and it's a fun hangout on a Thursday or Friday night. The life size Jenga is always fun!
3	I had a fun time last night with my girlfriends here! The drink prices are okay, and the dance floor is always fun! The DJ likes to play a lot of techno, but later on in the night he was playing some good, older hip hop music! I had a good time and the bouncers are pretty nice too. Overall, a good place to dance and have an awesome Friday or Saturday night.
5	Only reason i gave 5 stars is because the staff and bartenders are the best the food tho horrible but ill tell u what if u wanna go somewhere and have a great Friday or saturday night this is the place
3	REALLY disappointed.  Server got our orders wrong, took a while to get to the table and it was cold. I almost cried lol I was starving. :(
2	Don't go to eat only! it's not a great restaurant, food is ok, server was cold and dismissive , tables and chairs are beat up and uncomfortable, salsa is out of a can. But it is a great place to go chill and drink with friends. I had a margarita and it was good. I would come back with friends to pre game or have a night out but not for a family dinner or anything like that.
3	I like the atmosphere here and the drink specials are pretty good, but if you're hungry definitely go somewhere else.  I have never been impressed with the food.  It's very mediocre at best.
3	I love drinking here, but the food is mediocre. Prices are good though. Need to clean the tables better too.
