2	well, I used to frequent this place often when it was Sushi in Summerlin.  It apparently has a different manager, same owner (or reverse) and same chef.  Similar menu with the addition of some new rolls and a couple deletions...of course one of the biggest disappointment--the Todd Roll has been removed.  It was not only my fave, but I used to hear others order it as well.  I'm sure they would make it if you asked.  Service was a little faster than before (that was one of the problems--slow service), but could've been a little more friendly.   I'm sure they are getting tired of people walking in and not knowing what to expect and answering questions.  The interior looks really nice--exterior is the same, but it's in a strip mall.  I got one order of nigiri, ok.  And a couple rolls.  One prob still w/their rolls--pieces are cut huge and a LOT of rice.  Taste was pretty good.  I might go back, but as others have posted, there are sooo many sushi places to choose from....we'll see.
5	AYCE joints are usually a 2nd choice for me.......until now!!!  Not only is the food good quality, but the owners and staff make you feel extremely welcome.Took some friends and their small children to dinner and was told they have a kid's price for AYCE. When our chef, Arnold, saw that the kids really didn't eat that much, the bill was adjusted to a much lower price.......a gesture that will not be forgotten.My wife has unique dietary needs, they were more then happy to leave out sauces and ingredients that she's sensitive to which i'm sure is a total PITA.Can't stress enough that I think the fish is on par with a good non-AYCE place. Drinks are never empty and dishes were cleared quickly.Since nothing is perfect, I will comment that after the change in owners and the remodel, one prominent wall was left mostly a plain white; in dire need of some beautiful themed paintings...........like maybe some Christian Lassen works.  (the last paragraph is an inside joke between the owner, Chris, and I........the truth is there's really nothing I can think of that would have made my dinner any more enjoyable)
5	Best lunch time spot for sushi, cheap ($2 beer/sake) as well as great service. Very attentive. Knowledgable of all rolls. Friendly. And the freshest fish. They even combined salmon in their poke roll for me. Great place. Highly recommend.
5	Sushi in Summerlin is now SaSa sushi. My mother and I have been coming to this location for 11 years now. We were very pleased to know that they kept some of the old menu along with one of the old chefs.  With the newly improved decor and the friendly service, we have made this our weekly outing spot. Being so convenient and closer to the house, I no longer have the need to drive to spring mountain or Goyemon sushi. The food was great, delicious and satisfying!
5	While on a trip in Vegas, I met up with some local friends who took me to this restaurant that they are fond of.  I normally am not a sushi eater, but am willing to try different foods for the experience.  To my surprise, I loved it.  This was my third time ever eating sushi (I'm normally a edamame and chicken teriyaki girl), but everything was so delicious and the presentation was amazing.  Some of my favorites were the salmon belly, escolar nigiri, yellowtail, calamari, and the fried tofu. I thought the food paired very well with the sake that our server recommend, who by the way was on top of everything.  I never had to ask for more water, and he kept taking away the dishes as we finished.  Excellent service!  I always have to have dessert, and the strawberry mochi was a nice ending to the meal.  Everyone working there seemed very friendly, and I really liked the decor.  I even enjoyed the music that was playing.If I was a local this would definitely be on my rotation of places to go when I eat out.  On my next visit I will be sure to go again.
5	Best Sushi crew I have come across in Las Vegas... all the choices were great and they were more than accommodating. They make you feel like family and Laci was such a great hostess.... everyone needs to try them so amazing!
5	You must go here!We used to go to this place when it was Sushi in Summerlin.  As with most sushi joints, they would have one good cut of fish and the rest and the best you could say about everything else was that it was "not off."  But it was cheap and close to home.  Now it is Sasa Sushi.  Still cheap, but man what a difference!  Every single piece of fish was the perfect texture and taste for its specimen.  Too bad I ran out of room in my stomach!  My sushi dinners are about to increase 10 fold!
5	My cousin and I tried this place out for dinner after seeing that it's a new AYCE sushi joint NEAR our house. I'm not going to lie, I was scared to try it only because no other AYCE sushi joint has ever impressed me as much as Sushi Kaya has! But oh boy, was I surprised or what?! Their sushi is so good and fresh! My mouth was having an orgasm with each bite. Plus since it's new and basically a hole in the wall restaurant, not a lot of people are here. So NO wait time and your sushi pretty much gets to you fast. Did I mention that the service is spectacular? They constantly checked up on us and refilled our water. I'm just super freaking happy that they opened up a sushi place less than five minutes away from where I live. That means no more driving all the way to Egypt just to eat at Sushi Kaya or Goyemon! Only downside is that they don't have much on their menu yet, but I'm sure they'll add more things on it. I'm definitely coming back here AND I'm bringing more people!!!
5	I've been coming to Vegas for years and this place rocks. This is one of the better sushi restaurants I've ever been to, not just in Vegas but anywhere. Not only is the sushi fresh and fantastic, but the cooked dishes are also amazing. I also give the bonus points is that they have a great Japanese curry. most sushi places don't even serve curry. The interior is well designed and clean. Service is very friendly and fast . This place also has a very well curated sake menu. I tried several different kinds of sake and they were all wonderful. I'm from Los Angeles and grew up not far from sush row, and worked in 2 Japanese restaurants....  this place definitely Holds up to any of them. I would highly recommend this place,  It's a great way to end a long day of of hiking and rock climbing in Red Rocks
3	The atmosphere and sushi chefs are all excellent.  The staff is super welcoming and eager to please customers.  They informed us that they had recently undergone a renovation, which is obvious as it looks really nice.  The selection is ok.  No sashimi with AYCE.  The rice was a bit off, dense and couldn't taste any rice vinegar seasoning.  It tasted like Uncle Ben's rice in my rolls.  Pricing is on par with average AYCE prices around town @ $26/pp.  There was no wait and light traffic at dinner time.
5	Good service...great AYCE menu with a lot of variety in rolls. My husband and I usually just do nigiri at AYCE but this spot had some pretty interesting rolls & you can do half orders. We got Cajun roll & mango crunch (which was kind of like a dessert roll but very good). I also had the kamikaze which had nice sweet eel and crab (though it didn't say that on the menu and I usually don't like crab) but it was good too. Super white tuna was pretty fresh and buttery but less ponzu sauce than I usually like. Cajun was awesome & not dry like I've had at other places...great spicy Cajun sauce too. All the sushi chefs were friendly & kept asking how we liked everything. The dessert came out in an orange carved like a bear...pretty cute! They have a nice selection of sakes although I didn't get to try any bc I was too full. I definitely left probably 5 lbs heavier! Not too far from our house so we'll definitely be back!
3	the sushi is okay here! it's not the best, but the people who work here aren't Japanese so..makes sense! Try the salmon belly nigiri, if you love salmon! it's bomb! one of my favorite nigiri is Cajun albacore. I am so happy that there's this great new sushi place that's actually closer to where I live! I wouldn't miss this place :)it's 21.95 for lunch time, and their menu is pretty diverseThey have slow service now. I used to come all the time but not anymore !! They are very forgetful now and it's just not worth the wait!!!
5	I've eaten at Sasha Sushi four times in the last five weeks.  Food is great and the service is wonderful.  I've taken visitors from California who said it is among the best they've had.  One must try the Japanese Lasagna and the Pain in the ###.  They are awesome!
5	Excellent! Highly recommend!
4	This place was pretty good but one thing that did stick out in my mind was another yelper said their rice was unseasoned and it is never thought that would matter but it did.  Other than that the place was great service was a little slow but it didnt bother me we were early and it was just me and my boys.  The Fish was bigger than the rice on the nigiri which really made me happy.  They had Collars on the AYCE!  5 year old kids eat for free!  I really liked that we were the only ones in there so Im tempted to say this place is terrible but it would suck to see this place close.
5	I love this place. It's tucked away on the egde of a strip-mall but they still manage to have great atmosphere. The sushi has a really fresh taste and you get a generous cut with nigiri. I don't go to vegas that often but I was surprised at the quality of this place since I eat a lot of sushi in hollywood and mostly find that the further inland I go the worse the sushi is. Good sake list too.
5	Randomly came upon this spot to fill our need for sushi and it was definitely met! Had the Big Cajun, Mike Mardi Gras, and Lyle created a monster of a roll he named the Leizell Roll. Will be coming back for AYCE. So happy to have found a sushi place in NLV that we enjoy!
5	I  love Sasa. The sushi is fresh and the staff is wonderful.  I love their garlic ponzu. I wish they would bottle it.
4	Used to come here all the time when it was the original Sushi in Summerlin. It went downhill for a while and we stopped eating here. Happy to say its back and in top form! Everything we ordered was delicious. The sushi chefs were friendly and kept creating new dishes for us to try. The wait staff was on top of everything! We will definitely be coming back here!
5	I've been out in Vegas for 6 months now and have tried at least 10 to 12 places out here in the valley. I had almost given up on sushi out here until I came across this place. They have fully restored my faith in sushi. I recommend everyone who enjoys great sushi, great chefs, and an amazing atmosphere, get down there ASAP. I promise you will not be disappointed. I will never try another place in the Las Vegas valley. This is my new home, even going to buy one of their t-shirts just to represent something I fully stand behind and believe in. Thank you Sasa Sushi, much love to you all...
5	This was the first time I ever ate here.  It was the most delicious sushi I have had in a while.  The staff is wonderful.  They kept making us different dishes to try.  I had the ayce.  Worth every penny.  Definitely going back soon.
5	this place is awesome. amazing friendly staff. all you can eat for 20 bucks. go here now
4	Yummy pork belly, Bank, Tracy2, and tuna carpaccio. Bus boy is clueless, but nice. Waiters are very nice. Place is clean and air conditioner works good. We've been here twice because it's close to our house. First time we had some things we liked and some not. This time we repeated what we liked and tried other stuff and found more yummy things. The ayce is a little pricey but the entire menu is open to it.
4	Delicious, fresh seafood - especially yellowtail. Cleanliness meets expectations.Very friendly, attentive service. We were encouraged to design our own orders.Will happily return.
5	I give very few five star reviews but I can find nothing to mark these guys down for.  The atmosphere is a 10 especially knowing what it was before!  Food was amazing, service and the server herself just a joy.  Chris one of the manager (potentially an owner) came and chatted with us.  He is proud, as he should be, of this establishment.  We did lunch AYCE.  There were two of us and we put away more than we thought we would!  First off and most importantly, they allow half rolls for the WHOLE duration!  Veggie Tempura - nice portion, split between two of us about three pieces each.Shrimp Tempua - Only two pieces if I were to go back I would ask for more.Calamari - YUMMO!!!!!Japanese Lasagna - excellent, probably the best I have ever had.Mighty Roll - ExcellentSasa Roll - minus the sriracha   sauce - great flavor combo.Bank Roll - Standard but that is nothing bad ;)We were too full for dessert, but that tempura ice cream is definitely happening next time.  As is a dash into their great sake selection.
5	Where do I begin...  First off let me start off by saying they have the BEST customer service here. We went in last week for a friends birthday and did AYCE and had the best time ever. We would order a few rolls and out would come a chef special and then as the night rolled on they kept bring out new things for us to try!  How awesome for them to go above and beyond to allow us to try things we never would have.  We ended up having a lot left over because of all the extra rolls they brought us but they weren't breathing down our throat or making us pay because we had leftovers.  Sushi was yum!  Can't wait to go back!
4	Great food, great prices...pitcher beer!
5	I love this place! The sushi is good, but EVERYONE who works here is so nice! Love the chefs and servers!
4	Tucked in the corner of a strip mall, the misses and I finally found a worthy Sushi bar on our side of town. Inside was very nice and clean. We both enjoyed the modern appeal of the decor. The misses mentioned that they had remodeled.  Now on to the food! The rolls were different than what I've had at other Sushi bars, but to be honest, I enjoyed that. We both ordered the AYCE, which by the way includes 5 pieces of sashimi. Haven't been to a place that includes that with your AYCE! We started out with the Tracy II, which was pretty good. I kind of lost track of the rolls after that point. Oh I did enjoy the texture of the Lisa Lisa. Ended with the Sasa and Alex's Munchie rolls. Both were delicious!  The staff were extremely nice and one of the waiters even asked us if this was out first time here. He was very informative about the menu. The chefs were also great! I believe it was Nick and I'm guessing Mark. He made a couple of "out of the box" rolls for us. They were both friendly and fun! Overall experience was great, and I know we will be back!! Thanks Sasa Suhi!
5	Finally, a decent AYCE sushi place on the north side of Vegas. For about $30, you can try all kinds of nigiri, rolls, and whole bunch of appetizers that any decent sushi place should have. The fish was pretty fresh and appetizers all tasted pretty legit. Freshness is important because for a nigiri dude like me, dried, disgusting fish is a big no no. I was pretty content with their appetizers but I wasn't a big fan of their baked mussels because they put way too much yum yum sauce in it. Japanese raw tofu was pretty good though. I also tried whole bunch different rolls (Orange Tiger, SC-7, Signature,) and they were all pretty good. It's hard to say which one is really good because everyone has his/her preference so I leave that to you to explore but again, what i can say is the fish was very decent so nigiri lovers can definitely come and try this place out.SASA sushi just recently opened its door at where Sushi in Summerlin was. The place is almost entirely renovated and is now much more cleaner than before. Looks like none of the original sushi in summerlin people still work there and the new people that work at SASA sushi are very very nice. They frequently asked me if I wanted order more appetizers and refilled my tea whenever it was not full. I really appreciated their service. if you love sushi and don't wanna travel all the way to the south side of vegas for the popular sushi places, SASA can definitely be your everyday sushi place!!!
5	Such an awesome place!  The staff is great, friendly and accommodating. My new favorite place on this side of town!
4	Tried Sasa after reading a good review somewhere, though I can't remember where. From the moment we walkedin we were treated exceptionally. Service was extremely attentive and the sushi chefs even created rolls for us that weren't on the menu as a surprise. (Which we loved).  Portions were on the small size, but since it is all you can eat it's not really an issue and the rice is proportionate. Restaurant is extremely clean.  Fantastic experience, I think we've found our new sushi place!
5	The service is great! All you can eat menu is the best! Will definitely be back! Great value for the price. The Spider Roll is the bomb!
5	Well, about a year ago, I was going to my favorite and closest sushi place, Sushi of Summerlin, and to my chagrin, they were shut down. The sign said "Closed for Renovation - Will Re-open in June."Of course, in this economy, I thought they were over and done with, and I was upset, to say the least.Then about 6 weeks ago, I decided to see if another sushi place had replaced them and I saw that the sign said SaSa Sushi. I was happy, but who knew if the food was any good.So I went in and the inside was spruced-up. It was more up-scale looking than the old place, but I really only cared about the food.The banner that showed the prices (in the old place) was gone, so I asked them how much the "all you can eat was". It was about $5 less than the old place.This was about 3PM, and I saw a chef from the old place walk in to start work. Then I knew things would be okay with the food. The ownership, host, waiters/waitresses, and a few of the chefs had changed, but the waiter that was there that day was excellent and one of the new chefs was amazingly fast. He was the first chef that could make sushi rolls faster than I could eat them, which is good when you're doing "all you can eat".So, better atmosphere, better host, better waiting staff, the same good chefs and food, and slightly cheaper prices. I would've have given it 5 stars before the switch, so definitely 5 stars now.Oh year, I almost forgot...At 3PM a small saki is included in the price. I don't drink alcohol, so they gave me unlimited Iced-tea instead. So it's actually $7 or $8 dollars cheaper than it used to be when it was Sushi of Summerlin.Now, I just have to find a good Mexican restaurant, and I can die a happy man.
3	Gotta be tough for Sushi restaurants in Vegas...Not only is there so much competition, but there is GOOD competition out there...and of course we all compare one to another.So let me start off saying that Sasa is GOOD.  It's far from bad, but it's not great in my book either.  Some notes :Nigiri was hit and miss.  Some (like the sake) tasted fresh.  The Unagi was not cooked very much, so it was missing the slightly crispy edges I love.  The Ahi was SAD.  It was probably the pinkest colored ahi I've ever had, and the fish was FALLING APART.  They probably gave us the worst cut of the fish, one that most others would have THROWN out.The Calamari was great though!  Light breading with salt/pepper seasoning.  I think this was the highlight of the meal...we ordered a second round! Hamachi Kama. Very good, flavorful collar! It's a very SMALL one though, but at least it's done well!  Yum :)Soft Shell Crab Hand Roll. Very good, and I love the presentation on their hand rolls!  Tasty :)"Pain in the Ass" was probably my favorite roll : Deep Fried Salmon, Tuna, Avocado and Cream Cheese. Heavy, but good overall, with a nice kick from the wasabi mayo.And to finish, I ordered the Tempura Green Tea Ice Cream. I didn't think it was bad, but Cathy really disliked it. Hit or miss? So if you are in the area, give it a try!  But I'm not sure when I will be back...Not sure why the pics aren't linked below :
5	This place is AMAZING!!!! I keep bringing in and sending people to SaSa. The quality of food never ceases to impress me. Arnold is my favorite sushi chef! He always recognizes us and sends out my usual seaweed salad just the way I like it before we even order. Now THAT'S service!I always try to sit in Lacey's section because she is a sweet, sweet waitress with such a great personality. :-)The prices are very competitive with neighboring sushi restaurants but it's the service and food that will keep us coming back.I was a regular here when it was "sushi in summerlin" but the atmosphere at that time really needed improvement. After the renovation though....WOW! Way to go guys! See you soon!
5	Loved this place !!!  Needed to find a new sushi restaurant in the neighborhood.  It seems that they all start off good and slowly go downhill.  The chefs here created all sorts of items that were not on the menu.  Love that !!!  Now that I'm writing this ... I'm craving sushi again !!!  Looks like another visit to Sasa Sushi is coming soon !!!
1	This place was nice and clean but my roll was not good at all. The rice seem old and hard and not very flavorful. Hoping that it was just a one time bad experience.
3	Went here with friends for dinner on a weekday. First, we were all hesitant to go in since there were only 2 people inside and it was 7pm already. We just decided to go in since we were already very hungry. We ordered several nigiris, tempura and sushi on a spoon which were decent.  Also ordered rolls: Paradise, Mountain and Bank. They were all average. Ordered the oyster shooter, mango roll and salmon belly but they never came. This sushi joint should be called So So Sushi since their food is just so so...
1	It started off well enough and quickly went down hill. Customer service was terrible. Once the food was delivered no one ever came by the table to see if we needed anything nor to refill drinks. There being only three tables in the whole restaurant, the other two just waiting on checks.To top that off, their register broke and it took half an hour for checks to be made.. They even had their owner come  to the restaurant and he only agreed to a discount after a disgruntled table were stuck there due to no check and no explanation..I've honestly never experienced such poor customer service.. I understand if a register breaks but there are easy ways to appease customers and none of those methods were employed..Too bad this neighborhood sushi joint lost my local business.
1	Went to this place after our normal sushi place had a really long wait (naka sushi just down the street). We should have just waited there. This place is horrible. The sushi menu is small compared to other sushi places. No idea where people are getting extensive menu from. Ordered the orange tiger roll and nearly three up in my mouth. The service is terrible. I had to ask multiple times for a side of eel sauce. Waiter brought us someone else's food and we tried declining it but he said that we did order it and have to eat it if we ordered it. WTF? Nigiri tastes awful here and the fish does not seem very fresh. Stay the hell away from this place.
5	Third time here in two weeks. This place is unbelievable! Friendly staff, great sushi chefs. HUGE all-you-can-eat menu! Yellowtail collar is delicious. Trust Nick, the sushi chef, to make some of his special rolls. You won't be sorry.
5	I've never been to a place soooo willing to feed their customers! Before I was done with one item the waiter was there for my next request. The staff were friendly and inviting, sushi chefs prepared some bada$$ dishes and helped amplify my experience by recommending their finest options. I would highly recommend this sushi joint for anyone who enjoys a good sushi experience. Definitely coming back here my next trip to Vegas!
4	Having eaten sushi for 30+ years, I am very picky with regards to freshness and presentation. Sasa Sushi has impressed me with both!! We have gone back for both the a la carte menu as well as the all you can eat. The sushi chef was not only creative (I'll load a fabulous image of my sashimi on ice!)  but helpful and friendly as well! What more can you ask for?
3	Friendly service, but I've had better.Upon entering, the place itself was quite inviting, and the staff couldn't have been friendlier! However, it took way too long for us to get our sushi and the sushi rice seemed a bit off (as if it had just come from the fridge or was overcooked).
5	AWESOME!!!  My daughter and I have tried several sushi spots in the NW and have yet to find a good let alone great place.  The food was fresh and they give you options and will create something special for you, which I love.  The chefs and staff are friendly, happy and talented.  Finally a place we will go back to again.  :)
5	The food was great. The staff was so friendly they made u feel like home. Nice place for a whole in the wall kind of spot. All u can eat and all u can drink plus late night hours all the time.
5	I've been coming here every Friday or so with my girlfriend and we love it here! The food is amazing and the price is great too for an AYCE place :)We also love the staff, they're all very friendly and inviting! And they remember us each visit! Every time we eat here we leave a note or drawing (sometimes both!) to the owners/managers(?) and they love getting them.My girlfriend brought her own Stevia sugar packet one day when we went out to eat here and then a few days after, we decided to stop by and get dinner, our server pointed out that they had new sugar and their new sugar was 'Stevia in the Raw' I thought that was really thoughtful of them! Major kudos to you guys!If you're looking for a slightly cheaper AYCE place, with friendly staff and amazing food, you should check this place out! We made this our favorite AYCE spot! :D
5	I love Sasa Sushi! It's the best. Great customer service. Very friendly. The Sushi is delicious. We have tried lots of places in the area  but we always come back to Sasa Sushi. They allow half rolls  and they don't overload their rolls with rice.
1	Disappointment is an understatement. The sushi was not good definitely have had better and fresher. Super white tuna was tiny! And flavorless. The Japanese lasagna roll was cold! The cream cheese on top was warm but the combination of cold roll and hot topping was odd, and by odd I mean bad, and by bad I mean worst. The service was pretty shitty, shoulda sat at the bar. I was getting really angry after having been seated for 15 minutes and had not received my water or even wasabi or ginger. Now that I think about it I NEVER got the wasabi or ginger throughout my whole meal. The server was nice when she came around. She did get tied up cashing out a large party so we can't blame her for that. But seriously she was gone for like 20 minutes. The poor guy next to me got up from the table and took his empty cups up to her so she could refill them. The sushi chefs seemed nice but I absolutely will not be back there.
5	This place is a hidden gem. Super fresh fish, and excellent customer service. We tried it because its really close to us. I think they opened fairly recently and not too many people have discovered it yet. Nick is awesome and will make specialty rolls for you and even made a cute bear with the orange left over from our dessert. Chris (yoshi) is also very attentive and will make anything special you request or make recommendations for you.
4	My Girlfriends took me here for my Birthday dinner . Upon arrival we requested and booth and were seated. It's a small little place but the server was very friendly. We had a hard time deciding if we wanted to do AYCE or just go with regular rolls. In the end all three of us got AYCE it was decent Sushi but nothing EPIC which is why I gave a 4 star rating. We received really good service and my favorite roll of the night was the BIG CAJUN ROLL. The other thing I really loved was the Tempura Fried Icecream. I got green tea and since it was my birthday they brought it out with a candle and even sang to me. It was a Awesome experience. Just so you know too they are happy to make custom rolls.  The Sushi Chefs are really nice and did a bunch of custom things for my picky friends! It isn't the BEST Sushi in town but it was really friendly and attentive. I can't wait to go back again.
2	I've come here a dozen times, service is a tad bit slow but even SLOWER today for valentines day. We literally waited 30 mins between orders. They have 4 ppl behind the bar but yet orders are coming out like turtles are serving it. Other sushi bars with far more customers can manage with two sushi chefs behind the bar. I'm disappointed with this visit.
2	Ok, I gotta say SASA disappointed me a more than just a little bit during my last two visits. I was so excited about the new Sushi place and I think I will even give it one more chance. Both times my order was incomplete so I had to keep asking for the same thing. It gets more irritating when they forget it again. It might be that they were very busy but this would never happen at Sushi Koma on the south side of Vegas or Sushi goyemon, probably one of the busiest AYCE sushi joint in town. The biggest thing though, and this is serious, the fish quality has been very inconsistent. The scallop tastes very dried and the salmon is sometimes hard to digest. What offended me during one of my last twos visits was that the salmon came with whole bunch fish bones in it. This is unacceptable in a sushi restaurant. Also, the sushi rice kept on falling apart and the rice tasted very dried and blend. While I do not expect a 5 star sushi experience at a AYCE place, I do expect the basics are met. Having bones appear in your sushi is just embarrassing imo. I really love the people here and sasa was really good when i first tried it. I am willing to give it another chance and i hope things will get back to what they were used to be.
5	Came to Sasa for the first time this evening for a delicious anniversary sushi affair. I was veryyyyyy pleasantly surprised! I've eyeballed this joint for sometime: on Yelp, when driving by, etc but for some odd reason was skeptical. Skeptics like me, be advised, this joint is not a joke. Fair prices, excellent service, the sushi chef made our visit. Such a friendly guy with great jokes. I love going to sushi places with awesome chefs that pride themselves on customer satisfaction. He went above and beyond to recommend rolls and make me something special! The bf greatly enjoyed his chicken teriyaki dinner and I pretty much ate my weight in sushi. Now excuse me while I let the glorious sushi coma take me....
4	I ordered Sasa to-go for the first time tonight! I thought they were fabulous! The service was great when I came to pick up my dinner. They even arranged the rolls artistically in my carryout box! I would certainly order from here again!
5	This is the best sushi place I have been too in Las Vegas. I am from California and out here visiting my mother in law. I yelped this place and stumbled upon it because this place had great reviews. The sushi chef nechar was funny and entertaining.. I asked him to surprise me with different type of sushi the rice was so good and the fish was so fresh.. This will definitely be a place I come back to when I visit...
2	Sasa ZuckZucks. OK, the food is not bad, just very mediocre. The Sushi tastes fresh, but the rolls all taste the same under a puddle of mayo and sweet sauce. Hot rolls arrived with some color on the topping, but the rolls were cold. An unpleasant contrast. Initial order was dropped off, but without utensils, napkins, or condiments. No problem, I'll get up and get them. Server was genuinely nice. There are so many other AYCE choices for only a few dollars more that I don't think I will be back.
5	I was here last night and a week or so ago, and I'm still happy to say that this place is still one of my go-to sushi places! I have to say that the other time I was here, I was really disappointed with the service. The salmon belly that I had was really warm and it smelled really fishy.. And then the server that we had took forever just give us chopsticks and our water. BUT I wanted to give this place another chance last night because of how really amazing they've treated me in the past. I'm glad I did! Delia was there last night as well as Laci and Nick! And it felt like home all over again. It felt like at that very moment it's where I belong, and I fell in love with it all over again. I got my usual salmon belly nigiri (still delicious), white tuna nigiri (so good!), calamari, poke salad, baked green mussels, shrimp tempura, & a delicious special roll that they've made with my favorite salmon belly! Everything was delicious and so fulfilling as usual! You can ALWAYS customize your order to the way you want it here. So if you want more or less cream cheese on your baked green mussel, then they'll add it in. Don't be afraid to ask because they love to make their customers happy here, plus they're really nice! Definitely going back here soon! :) Maybe even in the next few weeks! P.S. Children 5 and under are free for AYCE!
5	We went for AYCE sushi and we loved it! They took great care of us and went above and beyond to get us back! They have a pork belly appetizer that was amazing, calamari was sweet and fresh. They made us a couple of "special" rolls that were amazing and they customized some things perfectly!  $5 all the beer you can drink?....amazing. We will go back for round 2 and if they deliver this will be our new spot! Side note: Kevin the new guy was great!
5	I came here last night to visit a friend of mine at work and was surprised and happy to find that this place was actually quite a rare find. All the staff were extremely friendly including the manager (who is insanely tall btw). The chefs that work at the bar are the absolute best though. From working in kitchens at several restaurants I can tell when people work well together and these guys definitely had some flow. I had the AYCE sushi buffet. The sushi was great and I like that they had pork belly on the appetizer menu which was delicious. My favorite thing that I had was the 10k roll which isn't on the menu but one of the chefs own creation. Overall 5 stars for great friendly and timely service as well as great food! I will definitely be back again!
5	Food was good Timing was good My favorite one the chefs special My roommate basically wants to take a nap after eating so much I'm coming back soon as soon as I get a few more workouts in and justify eating a lot again lol
3	The wife and I ate the AYCE lunch for the first time today.  The atmosphere was great, not crowded, no blaring music, clean and very friendly staff.  Had the pleasure of Nick as the sushi chef and Joe as our server.  Both were courteous, friendly, and efficient with our orders.  All food was very good.  Had poke salad, nigiri, and for our first visit Nick made most orders a half roll so we could try many items.  Everything was very tasty.  Only thing I did not like was that some of the rolls that were torched were tasty, but had a little fuel after taste, and as some other reviewers have mentioned, the nigiri was microscopic in size.  I have only come across one other sushi joint that served this way.  The salmon belly was very tasty, but four pieces were only equal to one regular order that you would receive elsewhere.  Other than those minor issues we would definitely go back again.  Nick also surprised us a couple times with items we did not order.  He made an off menu item called the 10K, and another one called The Black Widow.  Both very tasty.  Will give a second try later and see how it goes.  A tad on the high side price wise compared to other sushi places along this Cheyenne Ave. corridor.  $21.95 lunch, $25.95 dinner, both AYCE.  Great job Nick and Joe.
1	My girlfriend and I have come in here a lot lately but never again. Bugs. Bugs were crawling out from under the fish case at the bar. Never have I been so disgusted in my life. To add insult they offer us a "discount" of 10%. And even worse a table of 9 and a table of 4 just walked in. They continue to use food out of that cooler and serve it to people. Disgusting. Awful. Degrading.To top it off as were leaving the waitress told us, and I quote, "this doesn't happen very often."
5	This location has shamed every AYCE sushi restaurant in its class in town. From tuna carpaccio to pork belly, everything was fresh and distinctive. Our waitress had us sample the pineapple sake. Sample, and the made sure we had plenty of it. The fried calamari and scallops were flavorful and light. The poke salad was delightfully spicy. The nigiri sushi was fresh and flavorful. We tried nearly every roll. We eve had a roll custom made, which we nicknamed "The High Maintenance Roll."They were out of oysters, and the waitress offered to discount our bill. I think people forget that one of the functions of dining out is to facilitate a positive evening. Sasa Sushi does this with exemplary flair.We rounded out our night with the lemon sorbet, green tea tempura ice cream, plum ice cream, and black sesame ice cream. All were fantastic.Best of all, there was a list of rules. The first thing our waitress told us was, "Forget the rules, enjoy the food and have a good time. Stay as long as you want."We did. We will be back. This is my new favorite sushi place, hands down.
5	My visit this time was 10x better. I knew there was a reason why I keep coming back. The last visit, understandably it was busy due to valentines yet I expected service to be a bit quicker. Tonight, no complaints!  I am a satisfied customer. We'll continue our monthly visits here as long as they continue the good service. :)
5	Stuff sooooo friendly and the sushi was so good. I would love to come back to this place all the time!!!! My boyfriend and me had 2 chief specials and they were great!!! I came in this place not knowing what to expect and they really left an impression that I will not forget and so glad that I came here. 5 stars for everything and I recommend this place to everyone!!!!!!
5	Love it - a great time every time. Food is great and so is the staff. Our favorite sushi in vegas.
5	So I rarely write reviews because I tend to stay in my comfort zone, and yelp probably hates me for it but whatever... Sasa is my goto joint. Good quality, excellent service. Nick and the crew have hooked it up since the beginning and have gained a loyal customer. I'm pretty discerning and the quality to value to good time ratio is great. Expect a relaxed atmosphere with chefs that will accommodate you and aren't clock watchers.I'm happy to have a sushi joint in the neighborhood again.
2	They advertise all u can drink for a certain price but did they forget to mention that it takes them about 20 min to get your drink. Also they kept bringing  rolls to our table that we didn't order. My husband and i prefer nigiri. Over all the food was good but the service is under par.
4	The staff here is 10/10. They were quick, attentive, and very polite. The special rolls are very cool and included in the AYCE menu (limit of 2 per person?). The tuna and soft shell crab were A+, the salmon was good enough but not exceptional. We will definitely be coming back.
5	Fresh fish masterfully created into plates of nigiri, rolls and sashimi. Extensive menu for ayce and a very knowledgable staff. Sasa has a great atmosphere, is beautiful in decor and comfortable for singles, groups and families. They're special not only for their food but for the caring of the ownership and chefs. I've been here 6 times in the year they've been operating and every time was special and we've always enjoyed ourselves.
4	I love this place so much!!! All the sushi chefs are friendly will gladly make a roll special roll just for you tailored to your taste the staff is very friendly even the owners are nice and don't mind rolling up there sleeves and help serve you and the food is great only wish they had a few more hot appetizers
4	We used to go to this location a lot when it was Sushi on Summerlin.  They have new owners and have remodeled, and the whole vibe is pretty cool.  The main sushi chef is pretty awesome.  I should know his name by now, but he's a younger guy with a pony tail and he's excellent. We've been there a few times and now when we arrive, he already makes our favorites and we're served immediately.  $5 all-you-can-drink draft Sapporo?!?  All day any day?!?   I started coming here because the rude owner at Naka Sushi was so insulting, and I'm so glad I did.  Good food.  Good service.  Make sure you try the Sasa Roll.  And if you like spicy tuna...their extra spicy mix is the BOMB!!  They use tons of masago (Japanese caviar).If you're craving AYCE sushi in the NW...I highly recommend Sasa over Naka.
4	Great sushi by the chef and great service by a friendly staff! Went there for lunch AYCE. Happy to discover a place close by my work. I consider myself a sushi-fanatic and I tried many of our fine sushi joints in town. For AYCE place, this is one of the best. What really stood out was the portion of the rice to the fish on the nigiris. The rice portion is tiny, compare to many other places. The nigiris were fresh and quite tasty. Tako was one of the best I've ever had. Superwhite and cajun albacore were probably my least favorite here. The chef prepared some off-the-menu, specials for us and they were DELICIOUS! He even made an Uni special, which was totally surprising. We were just doing the lunch AYCE, so uni isn't included usually but he pleasantly served us a yummy special! He also prepared a Tuna belly special, which was exceptional, as well as another one w sashimi wrapped in a leafy cone. Thx again Chef! Will return for sure! Any our Miss Waitress was really friendly and efficient w the service! (Sorry, forgot ur name ;P)
3	Not bad. Lunch menu is a little small and the nigiri is a little small. Luckily I had AYCE. I do like the free sake with check in.  Staff was nice. The special rolls aren't dressed up like the fancy characters in other pictures, but they are still good. All in all, I will go back if I'm in the area but not gonna go outta my way.
5	This is my favorite place to go for AYCE sushi. There are a ton of rolls to choose from. The nigiri and sashimi are so delicious. The quality of the ingredients is great. The staff is super friendly and quick with your orders. I've never been disappointed coming here, It's always fantastic. The prices are great too!
5	Ok. I came here just for lunch and I was enjoying myself so much interacting with the staff and eating the delicious sushi that I stayed for hours. If you go ask for the sushi chef Yoshi. He took care of us so well and he's truly talented at what he does. Kanpai!
5	This place is the best sushi in town and Chu is hella cutie . Ron is great and all the sushi chefs are awesome sauce . I try to come all the time
5	We had dinner at Sasa Sushi last night to celebrate my husband's birthday. The sushi was great and the customer service was awesome. Will definitely be back.
5	This place was great all around! It was very clean inside. All the staff was very friendly. My husband and I ordered AYCE and everything was perfect. Our waitress also sent rolls over to try. We left very satisfied and happy. We will definitely return again soon!
5	The other Day I took my lady  to Sasa Sushi and we had a very good experience The sushi was great and a lot of the orders they made us was not on the menu Nick and Paul knows there business .Carolyn said it was the best Sushi she has tasted I agree wholeheartedly.. Thank you
5	I have been enjoying sushi for 21 years!  I have to say this is the BEST sushi AYCE, I have ever had. It is an experience, a delectable delight to go here!! Nick and Chris are the best!! They offer unique sushi creations and are so attentive to their customers!!  The fish is so fresh, the employees are so friendly and funny!! I am definitely a regular here after this first time today!!  Thanks SASA SUSHI you rock!!!
4	I love this place. Was introduced by a coworker/local and can't get enough! I think the review about the quality of the fish is partially correct. I got the Sasa 99 the first time I came here and was blown away by the amount of food and quality of the fish for the price (9 pieces of sashimi (3 types of fish) 9 pieces of nigiri and a spicy tuna, cali, or salmon or tuna roll...all for 1795!!)) ....the quality of the sashimi was amazing, and the cuts were definitely pretty generous... great super white fish, yellowtail and halibut...but the quality of the tuna was just Not good, bland, not fresh tasting, and the rice used in the nigiri was also kind of stale. Customer service was outstanding, (maybe partially b/c my coworker was a regular, but it's easy to become a regular here) Flashforward to the sasa 99 i had on visit today (see pic)... everything was amazing...they actually let me pick the types of fish (usually it's chef's choice)..and I was so so happy I got to pick salmon, white fish, and yellowtail.  It was all melt in your mouth, delicious, so fresh, buttery, and soft... pretty sure they used sashimi grade sushi on my nigiri. The only , ONLY criticism I'd give was that the cuts of sashimi were def smaller than before and a tad ragged, as had been mentioned in other posts...but I'd rather get smaller super fresh cuts of sashimi over less fresh big cuts anyday. The service was a bit slower today but its still great..., it was busy  and the server was running around... My friend asked for water twice and he felt so bad, he was literally running to our table after that...and he comped her a mochi ... The sushi makers are super friendly and accomodating.  Great establishment that i'm happy to bring new business too!
5	This place is an AMAZING place to have rolls...half or full and all you can eat options...giving you a chance to try more varieties of Sushi!!! I've tried Sushi before and never liked it until I tried Sasa Sushi for my ultimate determination if I would call it quits. As the result...I CRAVE SUSHI THANKS TO SASA SUSHI! Great Service, Great Sushi, and Great Times
4	Really yummy spot my favorite rolls were Japanese Lasagne and Sams Volcano the spot is very clean and the staff very nice I would definitely return here.
2	Out shopping with the wife, feeling hungry, and decided to get a bite to eat. YELP lists a decently rated AYCE sushi place close by, great.  As we drive up we realize we have done this before. No problem, the food wasn't  bad last time, so lets try again. Initial order arrived and once again no chopsticks, no napkins, no condiments. The food is good, but not special. Our server seemed surprised when we wanted to order additional sushi/rolls. Why would I pay for two AYCE if all I wanted was a couple of rolls and an appetizer?The 18 fake/not recommended reviews are way sketchy.
4	For ayce sushi, it's one of the best for sure.  I just found it, and I would give it 5 stars, but in both of my two trips here, they seamed understaffed, so things took a bit longer than I would have hoped.  The portions were all very good.  Our chef made us some custom dishes, and was very helpful based on the early items we liked.  They always have yellowtail collar too.  If their service gets a bit quicker, I will bump them up to 5 star for sure.  I will be back nonetheless.
5	pretty good fish. the nigiri sushi servings were a bit small but we had all you can eat so it didn't matter. the chef was fantastic!  suggested some great stuff. 5$ all you can drink. love this place. good food and great service.
1	Long wait to be seated, lack of service, long waits for food, no drinks, had to serve ourselves items we needed so we could eat food once we got it, unprofessional, and openly rude.We stood in the door waiting to be seated for over 10 minutes even though only 2 tables in the whole place had people to serve, and there was 8 staff not assisting us (2 at sushi bar, 6 chatting together ignoring their jobs).  I ordered and so did my kids.  Despite asking for chopsticks, a fork, water, and napkins at least 6 times in 30 mins & not being able to eat this whole time because we didn't have stuff to eat the food with (we had cooked food, soup, and sushi) or drinks, we got most of it ourselves because they openly and rudely ignored us and attempts to get their attention.  When we did get the waters we were constantly out of water to drink (cup was 90% ice and had little water to begin with when they brought to us), we sipped ice cubes for relief because despite the fact there was more than enough staff, they were too busy chatting about their personal life issues.  They actually looked at us, then ignored our arms in the air trying to wave them over or even when we got up and asked for service!  The soup was good but is was mostly liquid and not much content in it so not filling at all, the meat was overcooked to almost beyond eating (think dried jerky meat), and the sushi was good quality cut meat but warm.  At the end of the meal a nice man joined us from returning from his break and relieved who we had.  He more than tried to make up for things, but by then (after an 1.5hrs) after all that we already knew we were not coming back.  We tipped well, but only on the condition that he get all of it and it not be shared with the others that were there.  It also took so long in between our food items that we ordered arriving that we did not even get it all in that 1.5 hrs and we ordered within 5 mins of sitting down because we already knew what we wanted when we got there.  Because of this, we left hungry and had to get drive thru!  OMG.  Unless you like being ignored, not getting your food or service, and have hour to kill while you pay someone for this, don't bother with this place.  There are so many places that want business that they value their customers enough to serve them when they try to give them business.
5	I went for lunch after a stressful day, but unfortunately before work so I wasn't able to try the saki the chef had recommended I try since it was my first time there.The waiter was attentive and the chefs made me feel welcome at the bar. I had to visit alone since my wife is allergic to fish, but unlike many other places I've tried in the past SaSa Sushi made me feel welcome and comfortable to be there solo.On the way out I thanked everyone and the chef said see you tomorrow. I wish, but I will be back very soon.* Reasonable prices.* Very clean and modern.* Extremely good food.* Plethora of choices.* Welcoming environment.
5	Staff are very friendly, sushi is great, amazing Sake selection.  You have to check it out!
2	Today this place lost another customer. I've been to this place a few times and let me say the two star review is for the service I received from nick. The food is good, for average everyday sushi. Its no urasawa or Jiro style sushi. You'll have to go to Kobuto in china town Las Vegas for that. I did the all you can eat and after about 15 minutes nick ignored me. The place was busy but the guy next to me doing all you can eat was getting service. I deliberately waited for him to ask me whats next and he completely ignored me. With so many competing all you can eat sushi places around, this place won't be missed by me.**plus every time I go there there is always shit flies flying around. You know the flies that you see around dog shit on the street. One time I went, there was a problem with so many bugs by the cooler that the sushi chefs were scared to go next to the cooler.** Im actually going to call the health department thanks to Nick's service today.
5	This place is superior to any other all you can eat sushi place around.  The nigiri is now done in tiny pieces, but this is fun because you can enjoy so many things without filling up too quickly.  If they have the carpaccio when you go, get it.  It is outstanding.  Fun rolls full of taste.  They'll do half rolls which is the best.  Again, more variety for the diners.  Keep up the great work Sasa!
5	I was very impressed with the food at this nondescript restaurant located in a strip mall behind a Terrible Herbst.  The sushi was outstanding, the appetizers creative and the cooked food delicious.  Service was friendly and quick but unobtrusive.  I liked the tofu, cooked pork belly, tempura, baked mussels, shashimi, hand rolls, cucumber raps, special rolls and desserts.  The all you can eat and drink deal is great because you don't have to binge on rice and go right to the nigori and down all you can drink saki for $5.  The young sushi chef does nice specials too.
4	I've been here quite a few times for the AYCE and have never been disappointed.  Food is consistently good as well as their service. Everyone there is nice and attentive. Have tried many of their rolls but I've got to say that the Sasa roll is the best. It's a great place but it's not the best sushi place I've ever been too but definitely much better than other places I've been to, AYCE or not. Will definitely keep coming back.
4	Good food and happy hour prices are great as well. They havey husband' s favorite dish, Katsudon on the menu so that's a great too! We've been there plenty of times and are always treated very well and receive great service. Its close to home, so that's a plus!
4	This AYCE sushi place is awesome for the northwest side of town better than all the other ones on this side of  town!! Sushi is awesome the staff is friendly and the atmosphere is  great!!
5	Never a bad AYCE visit!! Great fresh variety, it's not all deep fried like other AYCE places. Sit at the bar, the sushi chefs are very entertaining.
3	Service was ok. Had the delux bento. Not what I expected for the price. I could have gotten the same portion at another spot I go to for less and the food would have actually been warm. Parkings free staff was friendly. Might need a do over at least once more to see if my ratings will change for this place.
5	Wife and I dines in for AYCE Lunch; amazing!First off, I have to give huge thanks to our gracious and colorfully humorous waiter, Aaron.  Without the addition of his honesty and hospitality we would have surely been missing out. We ordered many rolls and nigiri; all were creative, fresh, and delicious!  Aaron suggested a few daily specials that were dynamite.  To make our meal even better, they rewarded us with a bottle of warm sake for checking in on Yelp.  Love the atmosphere; not too gaudy, not trying too hard to look authentic...right in the middle. Bravo Sasa, see you next time!
4	For one of my last weekends in Vegas I came to Sasa on a lazy sunday and had my typical sasa 99 while my friends got the AYCE. 3.5 stars, but I'll  round up to 4.  Supposedly the fresh fish at sushi joints on certain days of the week is just a myth, but I will say the fish was NOT FRESH this sunday.  Not sure if it was because it was slow, or leftover, but my tuna was not fresh, and my salmon was slightly slimy and falling apart. Also, I was extremely disappointed because the Sasa was served on a plate instead of the bed of ice...it's a lot of fish to simply have sitting out at once, it's as if they just had given up on the presentation of fresh fish. The only thing good about my Sasa 99 was the yellowtail.  worse, the service was pretty slow even though we were the only people in the restaurant. I love Sasa and I've brought coworkers and so many friends from out of town, but the inconsistent quality of fish and spotty service is what stands between it's ranks of an average sushi joint and an outstanding one. Overall: I'd recommend going on the weekends or lunch hour, it might be busy but you'll know the quality of fish shld be up to par.  Also be prepared for extremely spotty service if/when things get crazy.  Sasa has the best intentions and i truly hope it can grow and further develop its business.
5	My friend just purchased a home nearby.  We were staying at their place.  Ate here the day we flew into Vegas.  Hit the spot.  Refreshing, great service and good portions.  Competitive prices.  They have a $30 all you can eat sushi, I can't eat that much and I don't eat meat, so doesn't work for me.  As a vegetarian, they had some really good options, I was a happy camper.  For sure going back on my next Vegas trip.
2	The last time I reviewed this restaurant I gave them 5 Stars. This time ... had a hard time justifying 2 Stars. Very disappointed in both the service and the quality of the food. My husband and I always sit at the bar so we can socialize with the sushi chef and have him create whatever he likes for us. This trip we had a hard time getting this chef to even get our requested selections right. The fish was not fresh. Hard to eat tuna when it's brown instead of red. Even my favorite poke salad was sub-par. Looks like I need a new favorite sushi restaurant. This is getting hard since they all start off really impressive then slowly go downhill. Does anyone express personal pride in their product anymore ??? Sad ;-(
1	NOT GOOD !!!I'm a big foodie and love having my one cheat meal on the weekends .. Was excited to go out and eat sushi but was VERY DISAPPOINTED .... Within minutes got sick and had to leave ... Not worth going to ...DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME ...
2	There is absolutely nothing that separates this place from hundreds of other AYCE sushi joints across the valley, aside from maybe convenience. We came on a Friday night and the place was pretty busy. It is very apparent that the staff does not know how to handle busy peaks. We had three semi clueless people servicing our table. It was very bizarre. We ordered three rolls, an order of nigiri, and green mussels. One of the three servers brings out the "Mussels".I point out that we ordered mussels and he informs that's what was in front of us.  I politely inform him that in fact I have seen a mussel or two in my day, and this was some type of a leaf tempura, not mussels. He looks confused, then he rushes off and comes back to inform us that it's really a complimentary chef's creation, and our mussels were going to be out shortly. Wow. I mean how could you even confuse the two? The fish was not fresh and the creations were pretty much all the same thing. The service was extremely lackluster and a toddler slipped and fell as the family was leaving. They promptly grabbed the "wet floor" sign and put it up. They did check if the tot was okay, but then rushed to cover their butt. I mean, when the kid slipped it was apparent there was spilled water on the ground. Someone could have seriously injured themselves, or as a pregnant woman I shudder to think what could have happened. Nothing about this experience warrants going back.
4	Kind of ricey even though we didn't order AYCE but they tasted good and fresh. The toastedness of the sasa wasnt my favorite but tge playboy was good. Aaron was great, I think he's the manager.  Good, fast service.
5	The wife, myself, and my dad decided to dine in for dinner a few nights ago.Overall, A wonderfully delicious experience.  The fish is the freshest I've tasted thus far in Las Vegas and the fish/rice ratio is nowhere else to be found.  The chefs and servers are awesome.  Aaron allows a great evening experience; the hot Sake hit the spot.See you soon!
5	This place is awesome!!!! The guys made us feel at home this is def our new sushi place!!! Yoshi, Nick and Donald thanx for making our 1st time many more to come
1	They are RUDE RUDE RUDE!!!  We had a female waitress, only female there, who lacked manners. We sat down and she brought us the menus, she immediately asked for our order. We order drinks and asked her to give us a second to pick the roles, she replied, (I'M NOT LYING) "Ok as long as is not too long, since is Friday and we get busy, we might have to ask you to leave if you don't order soon"... So we laughed, thought it was a joke, right? No it wasn't, she had a straight serious face...  Later, she came back to take our order, we had AYCE. Sushi was okay, nothing memorable. Earlier, when we placed our drink order she suggested $5 all you can drink beer, so my friend got that. When he finish his first glass of beer we asked the waiter for a refill, when she brought the sushi, which she replied (AGAIN, not lying) "hmm I might have to ask someone else to bring it to you because I am not going to be in this side (restaurant & it is not big by any means) for a while"... She left to attend other tables. She never asked anyone to bring that drink. Some other guy, helped us for the rest of the night, he was slow but  not rude...so it was an improvement. At one point during the night they brought us the wrong sushi rolls, when we told some other waiter that it wasn't ours he did not said a thing, just picked them up and left. Let me clarify I am not a difficult customer and I always tip, this was the first time I withheld a tip. PLEASE spend your precious money elsewhere :)
5	Whenever my boyfriend and I decide we wanna eat out, he doesn't even have to ask me where I wanna go because it's always SASA SUSHIII!! Lol I work at an AYCE restaurant but this place is my shit..the servers aren't always the best, I'm ALWAYS satisfied with the sushi chefs, always sending us things they know I want even before ordering it and making panda oranges for my baby, but server wise im pretty much only always happy when the short Asian girl serves us. I forget her name, but she's always on it and always checks on us, busy or not. The other servers kinda always seem like there in a rush even when it's not busy, forgets a lot of things we order. Since I work in an AYCE restaurant I know how it is so for the most part it's not a big deal, but when were only one out of 3 parties there i just feel service should be a little better. Besides the service sometimes I still give this place 5 stars because I just love the food so much!! Didn't even go there today, was just craving it so decided to look at pictures on yelp. Lol but yeah MY FAVE SUSHI PLACE!!!
3	Been here before ownership or name changed and wasn't really a fan. Now back again after seeing pretty decent reviews, but still wasn't 100% up to my expectations.  Service: PHENOMENAL. I'd probably go back JUST for the service. Food: the sushi was really bland. Didnt have enough flavor and rolls were not rolled tight so it fell apart. The pork belly appetizer was delicious, but it comes in many pieces so make sure not to over order because it does get heavy in your stomach. **They also offer one order of sashimi when you do the AYCE, but unfortunately we did not know about that until we were too full to eat any more.That's really all I have to say about this place.
5	Amazing! Attentive service, great sushi! Try the pork belly, it was a great addition to our dinner
5	What an amazing AYCE sushi night! Nick the sushi guru made me the most delicious sashimi and sushi! I will definitely be back for the tuna carpaccio!
5	Hands down my best sushi experience since moving to vegas. I relied on my fellow Yelpers to direct me to a great, local AYCE sushi spot and SASA is what I found. My sushi chef was Nick. He gave me such an incredible experience tonight ! Every dish was amazingly delicious. I had a dish infront of me at all times. He asked me what my favorite fish was and made me a few dishes based on them. He handed me a few dishes "something with fried onions" and "something different". Refer to my pictures!Service was great, extremely friendly hostess who I enjoyed talking with. The entire staff was enjoyable. All goofing with each other and making the atmosphere uplifting. I cannot wait to be back to SASA. A delicious, unique, and enjoyable AYCE sushi place! Thank you nick for a great dinner!
4	Good service. The rolls and nigiri were pretty good. Salmon nigiri was the perfect size and was very fresh. My husband and I did AYCE and left in a food coma. You also get 1 order of sashimi with your AYCE which is cool. The restaurant itself is clean and has decent decor/ambience. It's nice that they had ESPN on during our meal since it is football season.We'll be coming back :)
5	Seriously my new favorite local all you can eat sushi spot!!   Ridiculously good food and an even more amazing staff!!  Friendly, fun, and delicious!!  Will be back often!!
5	I love coming here with the family and ordering all you can eat. My favorite roll is the Japanese Lasagna. The service is excellent always nice and helpful with ordering new rolls. My kids are young and they constantly ask to eat sushi.
5	Went for lunch on Saturday and had a very nice experience overall.  We all got the AYCE and began pigging out.  Their poke salad is excellent, as were their rolls.  The only detriment I could find was that their nigiri  were quite small, but it's AYCE, just order more.  Also, they didn't limit the number of poke salads or desserts like most AYCE places.  The chefs and servers were very professional and prompt.  Great place for AYCE.
5	This place has become my favorite place to go for sushi. $25 all you can eat sushi. You can sit at the bar and have all kinds of delicious rolls made. I like that you can get half rolls so you have room to try more of a variety.
5	First time here and it was great!! Will definitely be coming back here again. Loved the cold sake.
2	So the food is good and fresh but service is awful!  Three times the check was wrong then the waitress fought with sushi chef standing next to us about not clarifying our bill from the couple next to us.  I only came here cause the guy I was dining with wanted to eat in this area.... I'll never go again!  Why do I cheat on SUSHI FEVER and always get disappointed....
5	I always have one sushi place I go to (sushi bomb) but after they changed their menu it was just not the same anymore, so I searched and tried a bunch of places and this place is absolutely amazing, the food, the prices , and the people. I can definitely say this is my favorite place now(:
5	So glad I check for good Yelp reviews to find a great sushi place nearby!! This place is 3min from our house and will now be our new sushi spot!!! Kevin was our server for the night but found out he was just helping out he's a sushi chef. He was super sweet and helpful. I have zero complaints about the food. And so excited that they have all you can drink beer for and extra $5 onto your AYCE  or all you drink beer or sake for $8 you cannot beat that deal!!! Can't wait to come back!!
4	We stopped eating here years ago when the management changed.  Our favorite sushi place closed not long ago, so we decided to try Sasa Sushi again.  The food is great, the service is fast, and the staff is friendly.  My wife and daughter are on a limited diet due to food allergies.  They are very accommodating to their allergies.  My Daughter is only one year old, and they go out of their way to make sure they prepare food that she can eat.  We have been to Sasa twice in the last two months, and the service has been awesome both time.  For an AYCE sushi, this is a great place to eat.
4	Solid AYCE sushi. I met my brother here for lunch at 2 PM on a Saturday afternoon. We sat at the sushi bar with only two other people at the bar at the time. We got a continuous sushi feed and decent bicep workout of repetitions of chopstick to mouth. Free house Sake with Yelp check in. AYCE price includes soft drink.42 pieces total of nigiri, 8 rolls, and ice cream. Nigiri: salmon, garlic tuna, albacore, yellowtail, red snapper, halibut, and cajun albacore. Rolls: spider, mountain, signature, Tracy II, Alex's munchie, big cajun, SSS, and volcano.Everything delicious and no real complaints. Service was excellent from the sushi chefs and server. The fish slices on the nigiri were on the small side, but that's ok, just order more. The menu was dirty and sticky. Overall, nothing that happened during the experience was enough to keep me from coming back when I'm on this side of town.
5	I've been to a lot of sushi places out here in Vegas, even some at the casinos. This place is by far one of the best sushi places in town. I eat here at least once a week and never had a bad experience. I see people complain on here and think to myself, they were probably born that way cause there are a lot of complainers out here anyways. You can't beat the price or the quality. Good job Nick and crew.
2	Mediocre sushi at best.  I was feeling lazy so we went to an AYCE dinner in the northwest instead of driving further.  The sushi pieces were small given the amount of rice.  The nigiri/sushi selection isn't as varied as places like Sushi Mon and Goyemon.  The sushi roll selection is similar to most places and my husband liked the rolls he ordered.  I was a little upset that they brought over a plate of tuna carpaccio and asked if we would like it.  I mean it's AYCE, if we wanted it, we would have ordered it!  Apparently the chef made it by mistake and was trying to offer it to different tables.  I saw them eventually take it to the back....since no one wanted it.  I also ordered yellowtail collar, although the outer cooked parts were good, most of the inside was raw and unedible...  They did have a sashimi option (1 order of one type of sashimi - about 5 pieces per person), which was a bonus that some other places do not offer.  Overall, I'd rather drive a little further down to Naka Sushi and pay a little less too!
5	Great service and Nick is a sushi master. I just asked him to surprise me and he delivered. Sushi is awesomely fresh and everyone is friendly!!
1	Walked into Sasa Sushi tonight around 530. Saw that the place was clean, and neat. Our servers lacked personality all around. Seemed like they were just ready to have the night be over with.Our mussels took 30 minutes. Had to ask for refills on Sake and beer 3 times. I was LESS than impressed with the dynamite and eel sauce. The only good roll I had was the Munchie roll, and that even needed a lot of soy sauce. Won't be going back. $74 dinner and not satisfied or moved by the urgency of the staff.I'll stick with The Strip or LA for sushi from now on.
5	Good portions of negiri vs sushi rice.Attentive servers.Awesome rolls. Will be back.
