4	One of the better Costco's in the area, but the self-checkout loses the chance for 5 stars.  Ridiculous set up and if you don't set the stuff down properly on the belt, it comes back to you and you have to wait for someone to come over and clear the program so you can start over again.  Would rather just stand in one of the long lines and let someone check me out.
5	Yes, the other reviewers were right, this Costco is the best one in the Valley.  It is clean and the self checkout is awesome.  I was in/out in minutes.I wish I could say more, but there's not much more to say.Will I return?  Absolutely.
4	I always loved Costco, but the in-laws were going to Sam's Club so there we are with a Sam's membership. I always thought Costco was better and finally we have gotten a membership. I like their meats here- they have nice lamb chops, they have natural meat options too! Decent seafood- the whole trout is actually pretty fresh and delicious in the oven. The produce is quite nice, specially fruit selections. There's a lot of random selections I haven't seen at other Costcos like Chinese sausage packs which I'm assuming is because there's a concentration of Hawaiians in the area. Either way, that's a score for me...love that stuff in fried rice and a 2 pack here is the same price as 1 at the Asian markets. We got the membership because of the Sonicare UV sanitizer chamber toothbrushes. You get 2 for the price of one here. Even if I didn't use the membership the rest of the year, that alone was worth it for $150 when at most retailers I've seen sell for $170 for a single brush. I like their meat, seafood, and produce more than Sams Club. They don't have too many cuts, but they do offer prime steaks (ribeye, and new york when I went). Good lamb, veal (veal steaks which I rarely see) and they have blue marlin fish on occasion! It's one of my favorites!Another thing I liked- they have self checkout! This is new and I think all places should give the option since we're not one of those family with cartfuls of stuff and just need a few things....Even without the self checkout, this Costco isn't too busy that you can't get out in a timely manner.
5	I love this Costco. I've been to all the others in the valley but this one beats them all. I've never had a problem with customer service. The store is always clean.  Self checkout totally rocks especially when there's only a few items you need to pay for.
5	Why the other Costcos in town don't have a self checkout is beyond me. For those of us who usually only buy 3 or 4 things, self-check is a godsend!! That, and the fact that this Costco is never even CLOSE to as crowded as the other Costcos in Vegas is what makes it 5-stars for me.  At this Costco you can actually park near the entrance (imagine that!!), and you don't  have to stand in line for 10 minutes before you can get out of the exit.  It's also relatively clean and I have always had friendly service.  Yay for the North Decatur Costco!!
4	Holy balls this place is like a fucking cattle ranch. I feel like the carts are cattle roaming up and down the aisles while their owners control their every move.Aside from that wonderful picture this place is amazing. It's enormous and has basically everything in bulk you cold possibly want, and then a bunch of shit you would NEVER need in bulk.Prices are great, selection is extensive, and the employees always seem to be helpful and they are everywhere. Not to mention they always have free samples on the weekends so you can basically have free lunch whenever you go. What jew doesn't like a free lunch when they are shopping?
5	Costco is Costco no mater which one you go to
5	Gas is $.30 cheaper here than in San Diego! Got to love not paying over $4/gallon.
4	This is my favorite Costco locale. It is also the farthest from home so It's a special trip each time I go there.Helpful warehouse employees that you can locate easily. Price adjustments with a smile.Always seems to still have something I need, OK want, when other locales have sold out.And why is the ice here 20 cents cheaper than the other locales?!?!
5	LOVE this place!!! recently i have been having to come here just about every week! I love that they have coupon books and thta you dont need the actaull coupon to get the item that is on sale.  The food court as well is fun and i love the berry smoothies so amazing!! prices are good and the cashiers (well most of them) have a great sense of humor and are friendly.
5	love self checkout!
1	Now don't get me wrong, I'm a pretty good costco fan in general. But this place must have the most A-holes working here then any other place. I litterally have got into arguements with employees (and people will tell you how patient and nice I usually am), and when I complain to a manager I get more of the same! Amazing really how bad the customer service is at this location.
4	Im a huge fan of Costco, the food choices are plenty and the prices are usually right on. Ive had great experiences with the staff being helpful and available for questioning. My problem with them and all Costco's really is that they never have enough people working check out.If they could work on that issue they would easily get 5 stars!
4	Just another Costco.  But this one seems to never be too busy, has friendly employees, lots of good free samples (keeps the kids happy), great book section, and a fast self check-out.Also, Costco gas is always a plus.  Makes the membership fee more than worth it.
5	Sams club? whats that? Forget Sams, come to Costcos! This store is ginormous and has just about everything! its well stocked and their food samples are delicious! I bought my dog a huge dog bed from here for only 20 bucks! Petsmart has smaller beds that are half the size for double that. Definitely coming to costcos again when i need to get another doggy bed. Their liquor prices are pretty awesome too. The staff are nice and friendly, and the store is clean and organized. I hate waiting in line for just a few items... so self check out is a big plus :)
3	Big, clean, well lit with lots of yummy samples. Staff is almost always helpful, although I feel like they are usually fairly understaffed when it comes to the check-out line. (sorry, but I LOATHE self check out!) My big complaint with them is that they don't carry chicken food/scratch, even though they are located in a semi-rural side of town where quite a few of us keep chickens.
1	Went to the pharmacy here today.  Their sign says that when there is only one pharmacist on site, they will be closed for 30 minutes between the hours of 1:30 and 2:30 P.M.  I arrived at 1:40 P.M.and they were closed but I assumed at the most I would have to wait untill 2:10 (30 minutes later).  They didn't open until 2:25 P.M. which is 45 minutes by my count and remember... I don't know what time they closed up.  Could have been earlier than 1:40.  So I politely asked the clerk how long their break actually was and she said 30 minutes.  When I told her my story she just repeated that it was 30 minutes, in effect calling me a liar.  She was not very friendly and I swear I was not confrontational. If they are going to be closed more than 30 minutes they should adjust their sign.  P.S.  This is not the first time I've observed this.  Just the first time I've bitched about it.
1	Very distasteful experience this morning with the optical department, more specifically, department manager Patty McLaury.  I don't care to go into details in this review, but I am sufficiently angry that I am writing a letter of complaint to the store manager.Update as of 4-9-12.  No response from Costco in regards to my complaint, either from the local store or corporate.  Looks like they don't care.
5	I love the fruits & veggies from Costco. Fresh & sweet. But Costco meats have been getting pricey but they're chicken is cheaper then sam's club.I like the bagels they make. You can almost find everything in Costco and if your not happy with it you can always return it. With no hassle or dirty looks. The workers are always happy to help you. Also I love my amex card so Costco only accepting that makes me even more happier lolz. Also they have cheap gas too. Love the food sampling but always miss it sigh.
5	THE BEST place to get fresh produce for good prices in Vegas. The selection is consistently wide, with varying fruits and vegetables throughout the year. I wish the lines weren't so long but that's a small con versus the many pros of this store. Now if only I could get out of here without spending $200. on items that weren't even on my list!!:)
5	Getting reading glasses at Costco. Easy service and no pressure. Thanks to SUSIE for the help in the optical department, and they take VSP insurance.
5	I like visiting this Costco because they have inexpensive gas, and they carry different products in the warehouse then the ones where I live in California. I like to spend a few hours just wandering up and down the isles and since it's also air conditioned, he helps to beat the +100F heat of the desert.I came in the middle of the day during the week and was able to find a parking space near the front so parking isn't bad here at all. The lines aren't usually bad either.
5	Best deals. Great value on Kirkland brand items. Specialty items alone are worth the membership!
4	This is a good Costco. They have some goodfast foods surrounding it like Cafe Rio, but its way out in the middle of no where. I'm a little biased but I miss the Costco in Northridge, right next to the Bermuda Triangle; in n out, five guys, and chick fila!
4	This is my first visit to this Costco.  I love shopping at Costco.  It gets crazy on weekends, but if you go during a week night, it's not too bad.  Their TVs and other eletronic devices I think are quite reasonable.  And the best part is that if you ever need to return anything, they take it back without any questions.  Very good customer service!
4	Damn you Costco... you can never go into Costco and spend under $100. Oh a case of hungry man's chili.. don't need it, but there it is sitting in my garage. 100 pairs of men socks... sure.. my feet aren't growing anymore.. this should last me, uhm for 20 years. Costco is a great place to get items in bulk or find some deals on electronics, and liquor. Costco is not that much cheaper if at all than the grocery store. If you have a large family or you happen to be preparing for the Zombies Apocalypse  then buying in bulk is for you. I recommend shopping here on the weekdays as the weekends are a madhouse. Why they need to check your receipt is beyond me as they just checked it when you checked out...
4	Well stocked and they usually have the items I am looking for. Their pies and cakes are excellent and I purchase them every year on my birthday and during the holidays. The prices are competitive and I have been a proud member for over 7 years now.
5	One if the cleanest Costco's I have ever been to!
5	love costco!
1	Eric in the tire department turned away my wife and daughter at 5:15 pm on a Sunday . They had a nail in the tire and It was going flat.  Is that customer service? The manager Cindy could have made it right but she said no because the tires weren't bought there.  I hope you guys feel good knowing they had to change the tire themselves.  We are members there, what horrible service
5	Love this place.  I go broke here tho lol
4	This Costco is located right off the 215 on Decatur Blvd. Once the construction is completely done, getting to and from this Costco will be much more accessible. Where they are situated, they are surrounded by a plethora of other stores and restaurants plus a Super Wal Mart across the street not to mention the Aliante Casino/Hotel one exit away. So you see this location makes it ideal for all your shopping needs.I love everything that Costco has to offer from their tire, pharmacy, vision, and bakery department, all the way down to their food court and gas station.I especially love the days that they have all sorts of samples out for your testing pleasure. If you play your cards right, you might end up having a full meal just walking around shopping! That's also how they get you to try new things and based off of that, you'll know exactly what you are getting when you try it at home.Whenever they have items on coupon, sometimes its a madhouse because what you already normally buy is discounted even more. The price for membership pays fir itself with just one visit in most cases.As for service I don't ever remember complaining about it so to me its good.For the negatives, well sometimes you just need 1 or 2 of something and not 100 like disposable shavers or deoderants. Sometimes you plan on just getting 1 or 2 items but end up getting 10 or more causing you to spend more money than originally planned. They take American Express and Debit Cards only. They close early on the weekends but close later on the weekdays. What? You would think that out of cities for them to stay open longer or maybe even 24 hours, it would be Vegas but nope. Winco, this is where you win in the store hours category. Lastly, they switched vendors form Coke to Pepsi products at the food court! Why? If it aint broke, don't fix it! So Costco, for now im a fan. Just try not to do anything else to screw it up resulting in me dropping another star.
4	Gotta love some bulk shopping!  Costco is usually the place I go to get me a 50-pound bag of Calrose rice, a 24-pack of toasted nori, a 12-pack of lower sodium SPAM, a filet of salmon, a gallon of mayonnaise, a bag of shredded cheddar cheese, a 2-pack of mouthwash, a jug of protein powder, a bottle of raspberry ketones, a pair of khakis, a Keurig, and a brand new Vizio surround soundbar.  Yes...one stop shop!I really do like Costco.  Their people are most friendly, and they have products that I would actually use everyday.  Yes, I will indeed use a gallon of mayonnaise.  How?  None of your flippin' business!  Ha Ha!  But a big plus on Costco's radar is their return policy.  I know, it is greatly abused by some.  But for folks like me who can be decisive especially with electronics, Costco is a life (and money) saver!  I have on occasion switched out brands of electronic components just to save on money and because of better quality.  There is no shame in my game!  Costco helps me enable my tech addictions.  If you are at any time not satisfied with your purchase, just bring the item back along with a receipt and you get a full refund!  So thankful that I keep all my old receipts.  Of course there are limitations to Costco's return policy, for some items you only have 90 days for a return to get your refund.  This includes:-Televisions-Projectors-Computers-Cameras-Camcorders-Tablets-MP3 players-Cell phones   Just please use the return policy wisely!  Many would hate for it to go away!  I love the samples that go on at Costco on the weekends.  They put up some good eats, and some great presentations.  All to sell some flatbread!  Yum.  You could almost make a small meal out of all the samples you accumulate at your local Costco on a regular basis.  In fact I've heard some people join Costco just to save on meals!  If you're super cheap I could see how it's possible.  I see many a college student at Costco especially on the weekend.  Do what you gotta do bro, I was in the same boat many moons ago.  I really prefer Costco's electronic section over the one at their competition's (ahem...*Sam's Club*...cough cough) because the technology seems just more current.  I can see how the other bulk shopping place can save you a few more dollars, but for me I'm more concerned about how long the technology will be in use.  A decision for me to buy someting large like a new TV won't necessarily get me to go with the cheapest one I can find, I rather have one with more options.  I'll gladly pay a few more dollars on a TV that will technologically do more in the long run.  Costco often has the staff on hand that have used the products for sale, so it makes your decision a lot easier.  Reason I returned my Samsung surround soundbar for my current Vizio one?  Staff member Dirk (haole bruddah from Hawaii with a Pidgin accent...no joke) told me honestly that the Vizio is a brand new model, has more overall power than the Samsung, could still use Bluetooth to stream music, was a 5.1 surround soundbar system compared to Samsung's 2.1, and was only $10 more than the Samsung!  I was sold, and my Samsung was returned the same day for my brand new Vizio soundbar.  Easy transaction, and I was on my way in no time!  Easy-peasy, more surround sound-pleasy!  And Dirk was right, this new Vizio soundbar system blew my old Samsung one out of the water!  Rear surrounds truly make a difference.Reason why I had to dock this review 1 star?  Costco now serves PEPSI!  WTH? BOO!  This would have been a 5-star review if Coca-Cola was still on the menu at the snack bar!  My stellar Hebrew National (now Kirkland brand) hot dog is not as tasty with a Pepsi!  I have to settle for a mix of Tropicana light lemonade and Sierra Mist.  Gone is my half & half of Coke and Diet Coke!  But no matter I guess.  I still like Costco's pizza, chicken Caesar salad, chicken bake, and ice cream bar anyway.  Just wish this location had gelato!Clean store, friendly people, great products and demos, good prices, and an ALMOST awesome snack bar?  Yes, Costco, I will be back.
1	Tire dept. sucks!They don't stand behind their warranties.Instead they accuse you of driving your car like a race car, swapping tires between two cars and that your cars suspension and alignment are out. When in reality, the tires are defective.The pizza and hot dogs are at least great!
4	Very good store that has just about everything you could possibly need.  It is always clean, and the staff is friendly.  At times the lines can get long, but not unreasonable.  I go to this location regularly.
4	This location isn't as crowded as the one in Summerlin, especially if you come in the morning or right before they close. Same set up as any other Costco I've been to and the same items. Employees are friendly and helpful and the membership here is well worth it if you plan on buying anything in bulk. If you shop here a lot, be sure to pay a little extra and sign up for Executive membership since you get a 2% reward on nearly everything you buy in the store. If you don't end up getting at least a $55 reward at the end of the year, Costco will refund the difference you paid between the Executive and regular memberships, which is $55.
2	This store seems nice, but a manager or supervisor I spoke to about looking for an item I was looking for was beyond rude! I noticed he was spelling it wrong so I asked him to search again using the correct spelling. I was told " sir, your wrong. Do you even know how to spell what your looking for"? Then he walked away without any resolution to my situation. I was clearly an inconvenience to his day and he made that clear. I would much rather go to best buy for my item and pay more.
2	Christmas stuff out even before labor day? Ridiculous. It seems as though every year businesses start to put Christmas items out earlier and earlier, but come on! This is stretching it. This location has recently moved some things around, with the bread being moved towards the front of the store. I'm not a big fan of the new layout, but I guess I could get used to it. It was hard to navigate through the store, as it was so crowded with shoppers and everyone seemed to be stopping for the free samples. Between the Christmas stuff, the new layout and the enormous amount of people clogging up the aisles, this was probably the least pleasureable trip I've had to Costco. At least getting gas on the way out wasn't too bad. If you can avoid it, do not shop early on Sunday afternoon.
5	I wish that Costco was a little closer to me but it is still worth the drive to save a little $$$.  Costco is Costco but this store is neatly organized and the lines aren't too long.  Love hat they sell portuguese sausage and aloha shoyu..
4	Definetly out of the way for me but I needed to stop in. The produce actually looked good and found a good deal on snapon tie downs that I didn't see at my normal costco on the westside. No testers but the employees were usefull when I needed help so all in all not a bad trip.
5	I give Costco a total of five stars.So the husband and I went in to see whats all the fuss is about. First off let me say they nag you a bit when u get a card. In our case we each got one. They take your picture and put it on the card. We made it clear that we have never been here so we would like to look around try it out blah blah blah...The lady who took our pictures understood this. However her boss acted like a total retard. Would u like to upgrade? No, maybe after we look around and stuff. Maybe after we shop here and see if we like it. Anyway she kept on talking and begging us to upgrade or membership. Wait for it.....(rolls my eyes) I could have done without her. She was just to much. She even gave us the puppy dog look. trying to make us feel guilty. LMAO yeah I'm the Queen of No...Just ask my husband. I can tell you no and I don't care how you beg. (Giggles)  Long story short....They should just keep her in the back someplace. Because I almost told my husband never mind this lets just go get Sam's cards. Once inside the store I was like wow! Food for the God's huh? Well, don't I feel like one of the cool kids in class. (Dances around in a annoying tone... Na Na Na Na, Na Na Na Na) I have a cool Costco card! And some of you don't. First off they give free samples of so many different items. I walked around trying this and a little of that. I did not have to have lunch I filled up on free samples. lol  Hands down this store is super cool. And I even tried some new fruit. I believe its called a applepear. My husband got a new computer. We both love this store. Any store who sells GAIN in large amounts is the store for me. Its super clean the staff are super nice. I cant wait to shop their again.
5	Very impressed..we have been sams club members for over 10 years and after reading all the articles about how well costco treats its employees we decided they were the store for us. We got our membership before even looking around the store and was a little nervous about that. I must say we made the right decision. Saturday before christmas it was packed. But yet very clean, organized and all the employees we passed gave a smiling greeting. No one acted like they hated being there like they do in the other "bulk" store. Like most stores some items a little more pricey but most equal or less. I was very pleased we made this switch. Oh and I do believe a hotdog n soda will be purchased on every trip. I have heard about the costco dog and it lived up to all my expectations.
4	this Costco is impressive, but not perfect! I've definitely seen better locations. however, have do have great customer service and a good optometry center! Everything is organized and in order. Also know that in the deli, their signature sandwich rolls are really tasty!! TOP TIP: Costco has the best food court out of all the wholesale stores!!!! Their pizza has huge slices and a lot of delicious cheesiness :) The berry smoothies are yummy and their hot dogs are top notch. On top of all that, its all super cheap! If you're on a struggle with eating options, Costco has some of the best cheap fast food! rather it's a one stop, wholesale shop - which is really great for customers that love to save on many quality items or people who are paranoid and love to stock up for the upcoming apocalypse :O
5	Best Costco experience. Ever. Seriously, I don't know if it was a fluke, or the time change or what. A typical outing to Costco brings on short tempers, honking horns in the parking lot, and ridiculously crowded aisles as kids grab for every free sample they can. Not here. No horns, plenty of open parking spaces, no crowds for the samples, short lines and actual room at the food court. It was great.
4	Been to one Costco and you've been to them all?  Mostly.  Pleased there were many checkers on duty so even though it was busy, I didn't have to stand in line for that long.  Polite employees but, as usual, very few on the floor so WYSIWYG and getting answers to questions takes some doing.  Because Costcos are so consistent, I've always given 4 stars.  Still hoping for something truly exceptional to warrant 5 stars.
5	This is my favorite place to shop! I believe that almost half of my current wardrobe is from Costco! We also buy as much of our food, snacks, and drinks here as well.We have also purchased cameras, TVs, and furniture. We have never been disappointed. Their prices truly can't be beat! I love the days when they are giving out free food and/or drink samples, you can practically skip a meal!We pay for the executive membership every year and it is worth every penny!
5	Haven't been to Costco for a few months, I forgot that an ATM, American Express Credit Card or cash are the only forms of payment.  I truly was not expecting five items to cost $82.32.Because I didn't have cash or an American Express credit card, I had to use the ATM continently located within the store.  Why, I only withdrew $80.00 is still a mystery to me.  A worker named Melvin was kind enough to pay the $2.32 that was owed rather than have me return to the ATM.  Thanks Melvin for your kindness!!!
4	Very impressed with friendly greeting. Products easy to find. Prices below average Las Vegas prices. Parking lot in good condition, store very very clean.
5	Who doesn't love Costco? Love buying things in bulk!!! & don't forget the free samples! Employees are always so friendly & smiling. Probably because they have great insurance & make more money than Sam's Club/Walmart ;) lol Best thing about this location is the Self Checkout. Lines at Costco can get ridiculously long so self check out helps a lot. Especially when you don't have as many items as the others who seem to be stocking up for a zombie apocalypse. PS; don't forget to get a churro & a berry smoothie on your way out. YUM!!!
5	Got tired of the skinny crab legs at the buffets.  we went to get alaskan king crab legs.  Selection was poor, we asked and they opened a new case for us. $16.99#  Best crab legs on our vacation.  We bought it frozen, let it thaw out and ate it all....
5	Awesome samples, cool shit to buy, cheap delicious food. Ppl are nice, facility is clean. Parking lot design is horrible! I love this place
5	This store is a good one. Order your food at the check out. We order our pizza, ahead of time, and do our shopping while it cooks. Friendly and helpful staff.
4	This store is very clean.  And if you feel the need to stock pile toilet paper,  soap,  paper towels,  mayonnaise,  hummus and zip lock bags because Armageddon is coming soon, then this store has everything you need in the case of a catastrophe. But I must worn you,  most Costco shoppers mean business so get out of their way when they're making waves with their extra giant carts,  or when the hot frozen mini egg rolls come out of the oven.
5	I love Costco! Warehouse shopping that takes care of it's customers and it's employees. Electronics have a two year warranty and this is one of the few places I will actually return items instead of having my wife do it, because they don't give me any grief.
3	1st time here. Signed up for membership after years of not having one. I used to shop at costcos and sams all the time. I went on a Sunday morning. I know it's not the best day but it was a complete cluster fcuk. I will never go on a Sunday again. After not being a member for many years I was definitely disappointed in the selections at the costco. I will try the other store to see if they have better selections next time. This store was very small compared to others I have been in.
1	You get what you pay for when it comes to their pizza. It used to be ok now it's just not worth it. Try re-heating the leftovers and the cheese takes on a consistency of caramel and tastes awful. I would not recommend this to anyone.
4	Who doesn't love costco? Sometimes I don't. I shop here because I have to, not because I love to. I like that I can buy everything bulk and not have to come back for a while. Also, occasionally I will swoop up a sample or two. I really love it when a small crowd of people hang out in front of the sample carts waiting for it to be ready, just kidding it's really annoying. You're in the way!!
5	You cannot really beat Costco. The prices are pretty good and it's always good to buy in bulk. I wish it was a little closer to the house.
4	I love this Costco. Not only is it close to home, but there is never a line for gas!The tall guy in the electronics sections remembered me after only two visits. If you have any questions about tvs, ask him!Go during "rush hour" in the evenings and all the sample carts will be out. Also this location already finished their food court re-do, so you can get everything here, unlike the Summerlin location that only has hot dogs...for now.Oh yeah, goat cheese is a STEAL here!
2	I love Kirkland Signature frozen yogurt but this particular food court rips you off by leaving the middle hollowed out. It's like the employees are trained to serve the yogurt this way because it happens to me every time I order it here. Also, the pepperoni pizza is so greasy here that you'll need to grab a fist full of napkins to mop up the grease before eating. In fact, it's so greasy that it's on the bottom of the pizza and all over the plate.
5	Trader Joes, Costco, and Whole Foods are my staples. There are a million reasons of why I'm slightly obsessed with Costco. I'm here weekly when I'm in town (sometimes more than that) and every time I'm here I find something else to love about Costco. There a lot of benefits to membership ... We order sparklets 5 gallon water delivered for the house at a discount  discount on gas (no diesel for my jetta:: sad face::)  They have a full pharmacy for Rx  (crazy low prices on contacts if you need em') discount on flowers ($16.99 for 2 dozen gorgeous roses- fellas' listen up) discount on Christmas trees discount on Blentec blenders discount on kitchen items like -Knifes- Silverware- bowls-cutting boards discount on home items comforters- Tommy Bahama all season comforters/sheets  discount on name brand socks- kids clothes- adult clothes  Produce: They also have an amazing selection of Organic products (less expensive that the non organic items at other grocers in the area).You get the picture... Costco is da' best! Their deals are A-MAZING. Membership here is worth every penny. Period. Tips: They only accept American Express credit cards, otherwise you have to use debit cards, checks or cash for payment. The return policy is as great as their discounts. They want to ensure you're 110% satisfied with your purchase and if you were not they will give you a 100% refund.Oh.. and look into their black card (we just have the white one for $55- but are considering the black card) It's more but you get 2% back on purchases and if you shop here frequently- your membership can pay for itself with 2% back on all purchases.
