4	Went to the Hofbrauhaus with my German-born friend the other day for a few liters of beer and some food. This place is definitely worth going back to.Previously, I'd been to a much smaller scale Hofbrauhaus bar in Miami to try the beer. This Hofbrauhaus is much larger; it's a full-on beer hall that brews the beer on location. However, unlike the one in Miami, they do not offer the boot (a 2 liter boot-shaped glass).We both decided to start with a liter of the dunkel. The beer was pretty good: smooth and malty characteristics, very drinkable for the duration of the full liter. We got an order of the potato pancakes to tide us over until our orders of the pork shank were ready (they start serving the pork shank after 5 PM). The potato pancakes were fairly standard but tasty, served with apple sauce and sour cream. Once our massive orders of the pork shank arrived, we'd finished our liters and decided to switch to a liter of the Hefe Weiss. I must say, the Hefe Weiss was much tastier than the Dunkel. Something to note: the beers at Hofbrauhaus aren't the best of their class; I prefer the lager or hefe weiss from Weihenstephaner (another German brewery). However, the overall experience at Hofbrauhaus is great. The pork shank was very delicious; the skin was full of flavor and crispy deliciousness. Everyone in the area should, at some point, try the Hofbrauhaus experience. My advice: first go (preferably in the evening just before 5 PM), order a liter of the hefe weiss (unless you're opposed to that style, then get the lager), order the pork shank, order an appetizer or two depending on how many people you're with, then order some more beer if necessary. That should make for a unique experience that you can't find everyday in Pittsburgh. If you get a chance to go again, try some of the sausages and seasonal beers (hopefully those are available sometime soon).
5	I went to Hofbrauhaus on a Thursday night... There was a one man German "band" playing throughout the night who was fantastic!  He not only sang German drinking songs but he entertained us with dancing music and even Russian music.  There was a nice little dance floor in front of the stage where my friends and I danced the night away... of course we sat down for the meal.  We had the potato pancakes... which were much better than the potato pancakes at another German restaurant in Pittsburgh called Penn Brewery.  I also got schwinenbraten (excuse my poor spelling).  I substituted the sauerkraut for apple kraut... a very good decision.  And had a pretty good bread dumpling.  I went to Germany last summer and experienced my boyfriends' family's homemade German cooking... so nothing really compares to that.... but the food was pretty good... I'd say about a 3.5 or 4 depending on what you order.  But the experience made the night a 5 for sure!  I also recommend ordering a liter to really make the experience authentic... if you're not a fan of beer (such as me) order a radler.  It's typically half lemonade and half beer.. but this restaurant offers that choice or half sprite, half beer.  It's quite good and allows even the non-beer drinkers the chance to join in the beer song fun!In conclusion, go to Hofbrauhaus.... go with a group (ideally 4 or more) you'll have a blast if you're not afraid to join in the singing and dancing.
4	It's Like Epcot Center in Pittsburgh, but with Better FoodYes, this is actually a German beer house here in Pittsburgh at the South Side Works.    The Brau Haus and the neighboring Cheesecake Factory compete for the title of gaudiest architectural monstrosity on the South Side.  It looks like a little beer house plunked down next to the Mon.When you arrive, you have two choices:  The quiet (read:normal) dining room, and the big beer hall.  We opted for the latter, and were glad we did.  In the big room, your sat next to strangers at big, heavy eight-seater tables.  On one side of the hall, performers in leiderhosen (yes, leiderhosen) play accordions and sing German drinking songs for your enjoyment.  Every so often, the performers call a toast, and everyone in the hall raises a glass and half-sings some German toast song.  It was actually pretty cool, and not that different from Oktoberfest in Munich (or what I remember of it anyway.)My partner and I split a combination plate ($30), which was more food than either of us could even think of finishing.  It consisted of 2 pork chops, 3 sausages, 3 pork cutlets, mashed potatoes and two kinds of sauerkraut.  The combination plate was a good way to sample some exotic fare without really committing to anything.  We only wished it came with less sauerkraut and more green leafy veggies.  We didn't even come close to finishing the dish, but I still left feeling ten pounds heavier.  There's a reason Germans are so um.... zaftig.Other (non adventurous) customers near us ordered salads and burgers.  They looked pretty good too, actually.  So you can bring unadventurous/picky eater members of your family to the brau house without fear.  Good luck spelling this place in Web searches.  (Key Words: Brau Haus Hoff BrauHaus)
5	This place is awesome! So much fun. I went for the first time on my birthday recently and had a blast! It's like a huge party/smorgasbord. Neato German looking guy singing up front and calling out the shot-ski's!!! Shot-skis are so fun! (kinda expensive but well worth it).This is a great place to have tons of fun with a whole room of friends and people you will meet for the first time! Loads of fun, Great beer and food!!
4	Fun!  Great energy!  Its all about the beer people.....don't go looking for healthy food.  But you will find a good time and good beer....and its LOUD and jolly, so be prepared!I was dining with Mom, so we opted for seating in the private dining room.  Big wooden tables, lots of great natural light from big windows.  We were offered seating on the patio too, which would have been really nice too.We checked out the big hall when we were leaving and saw that there was live music and the entire room was alive and buzzing.  Looks like it would be great fun for a large group for a great night of drinking!
3	Better beer to be had.Hofbrauhaus is still pretty new and I admit the noisy part of the place is a lot of fun.  I found the beers to be only so-so.Get the pretzels with beer chesse.  They're really good.This is the kind of place you go very infrequently with a large group.  One time I was there we were seated next to people who really were not into the vibe.  A real killjoy but a risk you take in a beer hall type of place.Prices were reasonable.Can be very crowded.
4	After a little more than a week in Ireland with my husband, it was good to get out on a Friday night with the girl posse.  We decided on dinner and a movie and we wanted to try some place we hadn't been to before.  Hofbrauhaus tries to replicate the 400 year old Hofbrauhaus in Munich.  Now since I'm 1/2 German, I thought this place would really appeal to me.For an appetizer, we started on the pretzels with beer cheese.  I think that they are freshly baked, but they certainly are so delicious.  My main course was the Wursteller, which was Mettwurst, Bierwurst, and Bratwurst.  Piled high with sauerkraut (I love 'kraut.  Why-oh-why do I love stinky foods?), and mashed potatoes, it was so good.  They reportedly have great burgers here too.No visit to a good German joint would be complete without dessert.  So we split two orders of Appel Strudel with vanilla and raspberry sauce.  I shared one with my friend Marla.  Sherry and Maryann split the other.  Like I always say, "Pump that insulin, Susan, pump!"One thing, this place can get very busy, so it's best to go early like we did.
3	It turns out I didn't need my 1 year of German to enjoy my evening here.   While I've never been to Germany (does a layover in Munich count) or a beer garden, I'm always looking for new places to try out when I'm in Pittsburgh.  My friend promised me that there would be lots of beer and boys, and that was all I needed to go.  We arrived on a Friday evening sometime after 9 and it was jam packed with people of all ages toting mugs of beer that were in some cases larger than their heads.  The only food we snacked on was the pretzels and beer cheese dip, which was really good.  Beer, not sure if it was locally brewed or imported, well it was fine but nothing to write home.  The band seemed to take a lot of breaks, but they were entertaining when they were performing.Smart space.  I'm glad that restaurants are finally wising up and taking advantage of the terrific river front and opening up spaces for outdoor seating, which can be enjoyed a fair portion of the year.   I hope for the massive size of the place that the owners will find ways to prolong the novelty and that it stays open for a long time.  I agree with other reviews that it's best enjoyed with a large group of friends.Probably not likely that I would return on a future trip.  I'm not sure if its the women scantily clad in Forever 21 dancing on the long wooden benches or the triple and quad shots of Jaeger served from a ski, but the experience didn't feel very authentic and it's not really my thing.
3	Been to the original and this was a decent replica. It's definitely a plus to the area of Pittsburgh. It's right next to the river, so get an outdoor seat if weather permits.It's a huge building and the portions are also huge (so share or bring a crowd). The pretzel and beer cheese were great. The wursts were quite yummy and juicy. The bread dumpling was slightly too dense and dry. The pork roast was also a smidge dry, but maybe these items are better on other days. The apple strudel was similar to the one in Munich, but I can't put my finger on it...it wasn't as good (maybe the layers were too soggy?)  Please don't come here to get a hamburger...there are a ton of great foods to try.Prices were good and the overall experience was great. I wasn't here for the music or anything, but it looks to have a fun setup.
2	There are plenty of places to drink beer in Pittsburgh... more than plenty... maybe even too many... OK  so you want to swill some brew from the Fatherland do ya?  My recommendation, go to the Fatherland.  This place is just silly.  The costumes the women wear are absurd.  The beer is only OK and the food is yucky.  My friend and I ordered soups... which never came.  My friend ordered the steak salad and I some spaetzle dish that was supposed to have "field mushrooms," Marsala wine, cream sauce, caramelized onions and chicken.   The mushrooms were basic and practically non existent.  The caramelized onions, if present, had disappeared into the cream goo entirely.  There wasn't even a hint of Marsala ... not a smidge ... not an iota.  The chicken was cooked to death.   I ordered a Hefeweisen to ease the pain and it was extremely herby tasting ... too much for my taste really... I asked for some lemon (yes you have to ask), and unsurprisingly, it too never came.  I elected to not drink the beer and try a dessert.  The strudel arrived in a sweet sauce with some raspberry flavoring.  It was piping hot because it was nuked into a pile of mush.  DISGUSTING.  I asked the waiter to remove the beer from the bill since I didn't drink it.  He had to ask the manager which seemed to bother him.  He took it off the bill.  The waiter was extremely handsome with a deep velvety voice and was the only fun thing (for me) about the experience.  Though his waitering could have been better his eye candy appeal was top notch.  Good place to people watch and drink, bad place to eat.  The appetizers sounded good but were crazy expensive for one person to order for themselves.
3	I've never had german food before so I have nothing with which to gauge my meal. However I will try to provide an accurate rundown.We sat in the bier garden outside which has a wonderful view of the river. I'd never been to a bier garden before and it appeared to just be an outdoor area with picnic tables where you eat and drink. Excellent. I am a fan of outdoor dining.They brew their own beer here and have several options they offer year round such as their premium beer, a light beer and a hefeweizen...they also have a seasonal beer each month.  The beers come in two sizes 1/2 Liter or 1 Liter.We started off with the fries with bier cheese and bacon, which was so delicious!  For my meal I got the jager schnitzel which was basically a fried porkchop in gravy served with german potato salad and some veggies. After tasting the food here I see why the beers can afford to be so large. Everything was so dense, but I guess that's what german food is.Overall this is a fun restaurant which seems like a place I would enjoy best just for some heavy appetizers and huge beers with some friends. So if your ever in the Pittsburgh area you should go! You'll have a good time.
4	Ah German food, so simple in execution but yet the results are so pleasing.For those that aren't familiar with German food, here's a crash course on what to expect:  generous helpings of meat, veggies, and beer.  The brand new Hofbrauhaus in Pittsburgh's Southside Works is no exception.  I've been here several times, both before and after traveling to the original Hofbrauhaus in Munich, Germany earlier this summer.  I'm happy to say that the experience here is as close as you can get to the "real" thing.  The beer hall is loud, you share your table with complete strangers, beer is served by the liter, and often times there is live German music (did I mention that dancing on the tables is encouraged?).The food is very good and a great representation of the German style.  But what you'll really come here for is the beer.  Brewed on the premises under direction of the Reinheitsgebot (German Purity Law), they include a Lager, Light Lager, Dunkel, Weizen, and a seasonal brew.  At prices just under $8 per liter, it's a steal compared to other bars in the Southside.Even if there a few Americanized touches here and there, it feels like an authentic German experience right in your back yard.  What more could you ask for?  Prost!
2	The atmosphere is certainly festive and everyone I went with said the beer was good (esp at that price). I am pregnant and can't drink so I can't comment. Ordered the Jaegerschnitzel- breaded cutlet "with a bacon, mushroom, and red wine sauce". The sauce was bland and there was no sign of the bacon, wine, or mushrooms. The cutlet was so overcooked the meat was gray. Ordered a side of mashed potatoes- bland and institutional tasting. I really enjoyed the German potato salad- not sure how authentic it is though! Definitely not the best German food in PGH and there are better (albeit chain) options if you're restricted to the SouthSide Works.
2	I get the idea.Meant to feel like Germany.Crowded and bad beer.
3	I have spent years in Germany. There's nothing like good German food and this is nothing like good German food. Go for the beer and the building but eat someplace else. The beer hall is attractive and authentically replicated. The outdoor seating is superb and has some of the best waterfront views in Pittsburgh. The food is a disappointing : everything seems to be breaded and deep fried and bland tasting. Even the German potato salad was lackluster. They might be better off cutting back on the number of menu offerings and significantly improving the quality of the food. Otherwise I suggest forget about eating here and just order beer and maybe a German pretzel or two.
4	I am not a big fan of the original HBH in Munich, but the HbH in Pittsburgh is quite authentic. It can be very loud in the main hall, just like Munich, the food is OK, just like Munich, it is a good place to drink a lot of beer, and it is a wild time. However, the HbH Pittsburgh gets high mark for having a wonderful beer garden patio, a heated terrace, and a private and quiet dining hall.
5	Good food, great environment. Really smart addition to south side works. Really like that it's right on the river as well.
3	I would call Hofbrauhaus the Applebee's of Beer Halls, but that's only because it's a chain. The food is actually quite good and the beer - though not so good as to make me tear up - is good. This place gets PACKED, though, so I suggest either getting there early or else heading down to the outside picnic tables. The scene there is much more relaxed and the view is great.BEER SELECTION: Lagers all, with the occasional altbier. Solid, but not overly impressive.FOOD SELECTION: Traditional german stuff with an emphasis on sausages. Good and well priced.SERVICE: It gets noisey in the hall, what with the singing, yelling, cheering, and dancing, so you'll have to forgive the waitstaff if they always seem to be in a rush.Shotskis are to be shared with four people. Jager and Honey Jager shots are poured into shot glasses glued to a ski, then drank at one time by the participants. Have fun!
3	Somehow today was my first time at this Hofbrauhaus. I've been to the Munich and Sydney locations and they have done a good job in Steel Town.  Can't believe how busy it was on a Saturday at 3:00.There are multiple locations to pull up a chair. There is a smaller room with maybe 20 tables closest to the street, which is the quietest place. The main hall easily has 50 tables and there is an outside deck with maybe another 30 tables. It appears there is another level below the deck but I'm not sure what that is used for. Service was alright, generally fast but it seems some employees chose clothing maybe a size or two too small. Selection of beer is somewhat disappointing. Four standards and one seasonal that rotates monthly. Really? I've been to much smaller places that can put out better selection than this... Food was alright, standard fare of Spaetzle, Pretzels, Schnitzel and Burgers. Appetizers are ridiculously priced at $10, but entrees range from $10-20 and seem more reasonable. Sandwiches and burgers are $7-9 and probably the best deal. My favorite part was observing the German touches. If you have lived in Germany for any time, you will notice things like the picnic tables and silverware/napkins in a stein on the table that are distinctively German.
3	Heavy rain did not deter people from celebrating Oktoberfest at Hofbrau in October 2009 as we ended up waiting on the line for a quoted time of 45 minutes before we can get seated in the beer hall at 6pm on a Saturday night. We were hungry and we were thirsty so we tried to make our way to the bar while we waited. Although the bar was fairly large, It was so packed we had to try and cut our way through 3 rows of people before we could even make it to the counter. We decided against it and pestered the hostess again if there was any available seating anywhere. It was also just another excuse to talk to the beautiful ladies welcoming people at the door.They were immediately able to accommodate us at the separately enclosed quiet room and we took it. That service receives a check mark in my book for now.There was of course a good selection of beer on the menu priced decently for light and dark beer connoisseurs alike. As for the food, I could've done better with my $14 then get the Weiner schnitzel here which ended up just being a fried pork cutlet with some sides. It tasted just like any standard fried pork cutlet and could be gotten for just $6 at Rose Tea Cafe in Squirrel Hill. I even ordered it with an egg on top (extra $1 charge with meal) and they forgot to put it on. So they decided to charge me $3 for one cooked egg to put on top of my pork cutlet by myself. (I rectified the situation when the bill came) Although the food was pretty standard and nothing to write home about or in this case, to yelp, one nice thing I liked about my meal was the German potato salad side. Of all the sides my friends and I ordered, we believed that that was the best side.I'm sure the meal would've tasted a lot better if I had a couple more beers in me and we were swigging away in the beer hall but since we ate this sober, I was able to give my taste buds a full chance to try out Hofbrau's quality and a 3 out of 5 star rating of its food. If I were to come back next time, we would probably just be in the bier hall for its beer at night. We weren't able to experience it, but it looked like everyone was having fun in there.
3	I absolutely love the environment in this place. People go here to be loud and have fun. The outside seating is great and the big hall is s great experience. If you want to hold a conversation with people and chit-chat...not the place for you. Beer: I just ordered one without asking questions first...mistake, maybe the first time in my life I ordered a beer and just refused to drink it. I learned after that they have a sampler, if you are not sure, try the sampler first. It will save you some trouble. So my review for this place is mixed, IF you are looking for a loud place where people are having a good time with good food, do it, I just caution you to sample the beers before ordering a whole stein.
4	This place is DEFINITELY a go-to for something to do on the weekends, but it gets PACKED, so if you don't like crowds, this place isn't for you. Late on the weekends, you'll find everyone mingling together, standing on their benches, chanting German expressions, and listening to the band.I'm not a beer drinker, but my friends are big fans of all their types of beer. They also have a full bar, though, and drink prices are competitive with a lot of other bars on the South Side.I like this place because it's something different, but it's a place you'll have a good time. The only thing is that it's REALLY loud (because of the band and how many people are there), so if you need to use your cell phone, you'll be hard pressed to find somewhere quiet enough to do so.As for food, I think it's pretty good. Their pretzels and bier cheese are a standard, and their potato soup is yummy (but I love potato soup in general). I've had their bier cheese chicken meal, which was just okay.
3	Slightly above average beer and slightly below average food. This place is more of an "experience" than just a place for food and drinks if you sit in the main hall. There will be people doing shots, a guy singing/playing the accordion, people getting up on the tables, etc. Next time I go back, I will consider sitting in one of the quieter areas or outside depending on my mood.
5	Great beer and great food! I've been to the original in Munich and this is nearly as good an experience. On a Saturday night, it fills up quickly with standing room only, so show up early and stay all night. Once the band gets going, people start dancing on the tables and having a great time.
4	Excellent service, great food, and of course great German beer hall atmosphere.  This place is even better when their beer garden is open because it gives you a quieter option if you don't want to be in the hall.  Monthly beers, to me, are a hit or miss, but they are nice about bringing you another beer of your choice if you don't like it.Everyone should do a shotski.  I don't care how corny it is but it's so much fun.Wursts are good.  Also had the Southside Sampler, which was OK.  The cheeseballs were too salty for my liking.  The potato pancakes were great.  OMG I don't know what they're called, but the french fries with cheese and bacon and some sort of green herb were delicious and not heavy.  Highly recommended.  Also highly recommend the streusels.This place is very crowded during weekends.  I would recommend coming here on weekdays or getting here early.
4	I was here Saturday for the first time . I have heard nothing but great things about this place so I had to try it out even though I am no huge fan of German food . The restaurant is huge with two big outdoor seating areas . I was  impressed with the fast friendly service . A great place for a large group . The food was very good as well .
4	This place is great. The food is fantastic, yum yum yumz.The beer is also great, I got wasted with my grandma and my parents. Doesn't get much better than that. This is a place that people of any age can have a good time because it's such a drunk shit show.Only downside is how crowded it tends to get. I had a friend that worked here and managed to get us a seat after like 20 minutes but for the most part people were waiting for at least an hour for a table.Do it!
3	Deafeningly loud with an insanely long wait, the Hofbrauhaus is a victim of its own success.  I really enjoyed the food (I had the spaetzel entree, and shared the sampler appetizers with our table -- the sauerkraut balls were a surprise for someone who doesn't even like sauerkraut!) and the beer (custom brewed), but can't imagine going back until the shine's off the apple and Pittsburghers have moved on to the next big thing.  Great spot to do heavy drinking, though -- the "shot-ski" was a popular choice at the tables around us, and every time one came out, it commanded the attention of the whole hall.
4	Beer Mugs that could crack a skull, check. German band with an accordion, check. Hostesses wearing Dirndl-s? that accentuates their majors in upper body asset management, check. Huge open dining room wit over sized tables and benches, check.  Everything at Hofbraushaus seemed larger than life including the patrons standing on their chairs and downing shots to the chants led by the band.Our meal was more of a feast including a soft pretzel apps with bier cheese rich enough kill you and the old timer seated at the bar. For my entree I order the wiener schnitzel with steamed vegetables and German potato salad. The pork was fried perfectly and was both juicy and crispy and could easily last 2 meals. The potato salad had a nice balance of spice and was light on the mustard and mayo relative to picnic potato salads. It was a struggle to finish both my meal and my beer, but hey, I'm on vacation. Overindulgence is mandatory.
3	I dug it, but definitely only the part OUTSIDE where the polka band and college kids shaking their asses on tables WEREN'T.  I was kind of disappointed by the soft pretzels:  They seemed like they came from a microwave and the cheese wasn't as flavorful as I excitedly thought it would be.  Maybe I expected too much?  My hefewiezen was GOOOOOOOODDDDDDDDDDDD to the point where I drank about 2.5 times as much as I should have.  The guy waiting on us was a complete angel-- I'd go INSANE if I had to wait on that many plastered barely legals on a regular basis, but he seemed genuinely unbothered.
4	This place was great and is super large inside as well as outside. We sat on the Terrace which has a covering in case for rain. The garden area as closed while we were there due to weather.  We tried the appetizer sampler and the Bavarian Sampler for 2 to split with 4 people. Both dishes were plenty of food.Appetizers  - Fried Pickles - I still haven't found one that I like.Sauerkraut Balls - they look like mini hush puppies with cabbage and ham inside. Potato Pancake - texture is nothing like a pancake but looks like a fritter. Tasty.Pretzels - nothing specialSampler - Smoked pork chop is SALTY. Bleh!Sausages are delicious - though Hot Dog consistency.Schweinsbraten or roast pork - nothing special though I must say it was the healthiest of what was on the plateStrudel - Not sure if this is authentic but the strudel lacked any crisp to it and it was soggy and sad. I would not order this again.Beer - Buying 1 liter of Beer to get a glass is crap - almost twice as expensive as just getting the beer alone.
5	The beer garden here is simply AWESOME.They just do it right, great place to enjoy a big beer on a warm night.  Kind of out of the way, but come right in, down the stairs, and enjoy!
5	I absolutely love this place - you can't get better than this in the 'Burgh!  I've always sat outside when going here and I think it's great to be out in the open drinking some good ol' German beer.  Having been to the original Hof in Munich I can tell you it's very authentic.  The food from what I've tasted is good and the beer is delicious - I prefer Hefeweizen's so I can't comment on the other type of beers.   Seeing that this is one of three Hofbrauhaus' in the U.S. (Cincinnatti, Las Vegas, Pittsburgh), Pittsburghers should feel proud to have the opportunity to experience this wonderful place.  So grab some friends and grab a beer at the Hof - and try the pretzels with some beer cheese - delish!
3	Hofbrauhaus is the sort of place I would insist upon taking a Pittsburgh visitor or newcomer to, as it so perfectly encapsulates all that is good and bad about Pittsburgh dining/diners. The joint: a chain, though one that's certainly hard to one by. The fare: gut busting German, slathered in sauces and heavy on the meats. The beer: delicious, and served by the liter. The patrons: loud, and numerous, especially on the weekends at dinnertime and beyond. I always enjoy coming here, though we don't come here that often. Compared to the rest of the chain joints in this part of the South Side, I'd definitely call this one first choice--even if it's just for the people watching and a heavyweight Dunkel.
5	Joe Malloy!I love that guy.This is such a great place.  About as good as the Las Vegas place.  The food is tremendous, both in flavor and quantity.  The pretzels are wonderful, with beer cheese.Schnitzel was fantastic.  I even loved the sauerkraut balls.This place has more beers than Vegas which is cool.  They have a different beer every month.  Wish I lived in the area.
3	Good beer but average service. Warm pretzels and cheese makes a good appetizer.We went there for lunch on Sunday, party of five:1. Reuben Sandwich- Good, lots of meat of course2. Grilled Chicken Sandwich- Yummy, good amount of chicken and fries were fresh and crispy3. Baby Spinach Salad- Not so good, some of the ingredients such as caramelized onions were missing4. Chicken Ceaser Salad- OK5. Southside Chicken- Satisfying and vegetables were good.Worth trying, if you like good German beer.
4	Huge portions, delicious beer! Because I'm a veghead, my boyfriend and I usually opt for an appetizer platter to share (I really wish the sauerkraut balls didn't have sausage in them!!) then he gets an entree and I eventually start picking off of his plate, the mashed potatoes are velvety smooth, the sauerkraut used to have a creamy texture but at our most recent trip it was more like what I'm used to - firm an stringy - both ways worked for me. I'm not sure if this was a fluke or if they changed the way its prepared. The potato pancakes are as big as my head, very tasty, and filling. The beer cheese schnitzel reminds me of grandmas home made dumplings and cheese, actually I think everything kind of has that homemade quality to it. I can't really think of anything that has disappointed us.
4	A great taste of Americanized Germany without taking a trip overseas.If you like getting drunk as F, drinking 1L beers, eating loads of food, and staring at bewbs, this is the place for you. The nice-looking waitstaff doesn't provide the best service ever, but how can you complain about cleavage popping out everywhere? That's what I thought. Suck it up and suck it down.
4	This place is really great! The food was excellent, the waitress was very nice, and the atmosphere was pretty cool. There was even a man playing the accordion as the entertainment. He would take song requests for tip money! I wished he would've played my song request "Schnitzelbank". I want my $2 tip back. That's ok, my family and I still enjoyed the visit anyway. This is a fun place to eat!
5	This is one of my favorite places, especially for the outdoor seating in the summer. If you're not in your twenties or like to party, I'd avoid this place on the weekends. The soft pretzels and wheat beer are the best around.
5	Very fun time. Very good food also.
3	Went to Hofbrauhaus for lunch as well as late night for drinks. Excellent beer, great service, and unique atmosphere. Outside seating has a pleasant view of the river. The place gets real crowded and loud as the night begins but that is to be expected. These all sound good until we start talking about food quality. The food was sub-par for its price. If you are looking for authentic German food, you would be disappointed. Nonetheless, I'd recommend getting beer there. If you don't mind crazy crowd, stop by late night to see people singing, stomping on the tables, and getting obnoxious (or you can join the drunks). As for the food? Check out Max's Allegheny Tavern instead.
4	Hahaha...was the first thing I did when I walked into a drunken scene from Hogwarts!  I was a bit overwhelmed with the drunkenness, the dancing, the band, the steins...but after my first (liter) beer I was enjoying myself in this debauchery (because I was part of it). The beer was delish! I was sooo thirsty and the hefeweizen hit the spot. I have heard people complain that this place is expensive but its kind of the Sam's Club for beer. $7 is kinda expensive but not if you are getting a liter of beer. Pro: Fun rowdy time, great for celebrations/groups, delish beer, SOFT PRETZELS (who's ever idea this was- Congrats! Serving drunk people salty delicious snacks making them want to drink more...this is how a solid beer belly is made)Con: Loud(part of its charm), Band plays 5 songs, no skinny jeans the next morning from the 66 ounces of beer consumedOverall: Fun but you definitely have to be in the mood!
4	This place was ridiculously awesome. As soon as I walked in, I saw people standing on benches singing and dancing. I wish we stayed inside longer, but we walked right through to the back and went outside where there were tons of tables right on the river.It was pretty crowded, but the bar was so big that waiting to get drinks wasn't an issue and we didn't have a problem finding a table. The bartenders were friendly and quick. I ordered a laaarge Dunkel for $7.50. Their bathrooms were clean and huge, which is always a plus for me (no lines!).It's great that you can be rowdy inside or chill outside. Definitely trying to stop in here next time I'm in Pittsburgh!
2	No disrespect to those who have come here and had a great time -- I am sure it's possible.  I mean who doesn't love 2490589348 people standing on top of tables smashing their beer mugs (that must weigh ten pounds) together---constant toasting---all while those same people sing a Bruce Springstein song as good as they can for as drunk as they are.  This place is huge -- surely it could fit half the population of Pittsburgh.  It's unique, too, I'll give you that.  And the beer prices aren't half bad!But let's get real.  I thought two things over and over again when I was here:1.  Did a frat house rent this place out for a party?  I found out, no..... Says the girl next to me, "It's always like this".2.  Is this a Tea Party gathering?  Evidence indicates no, it wasn't, so again "it's always like this".
1	Run far away. Then run some more. We celebrated a friend's birthday here, and the entire thing was actually new to my experience: the dance hall, the three-tiered outside seating area, the hoochies, the brosephs, the smoking, the fighting, how we got stared at for being gay. Won't be back. I actually have adopted use of 'Hofbrauhaus' as an adjective to mean 'way out of control and unpleasant' -- as in, "Oh, the law school halloween party was completely Hofbrauhaus."
4	Came here after the Whiskey and Fine Spirits Festival...great idea. We wanted to sit inside and dance but it was packed so we sat outside. I was bummed at first because I wanted my out of town friends to experience the 'Haus for all its glory but outside was a lot of fun as well. Fast Service. GREAT Beer. Its was a total sausage...wait...bratwurst fest (which I'm always OK with :-)
3	Pretty loud and the food is good but not quite great although I guess the main reason one would come here is for some authentic German beer which this place delivers to perfection.  Fun, but not a place I would go out of my way to visit every time I am here.
4	The food was excellent.  The entertainment played our two favorite German songs back to back. The manager opened up the gift shop for us to buy souviniers even though it was closed.Would definately go there again.
4	We came here as a group of eight on a Saturday night. Our waiter was very friendly and the food was very good. I ordered the schnitzel sampler. This place was very crowded and very festive. People were standing on the benches and singing with their beers as per the theme of the venue.While this is not exactly my scene, I still have to give this place a thumbs up in terms of atmosphere, vibe, service, and food quality. If you are someone who likes a festive drinking partying atmosphere, then you will no doubt love this place.
1	I was not impressed.  The beer wasn't very good (I tried the amber one, it tasted like the keg lines hadn't been cleaned in a while).  The whole place smells like a fart.  The worst part was that the doormen were really rude.  My wife's id was hole-punched because she is getting a new one because her name is changing.  Even though she is clearly older than 21 (she's 26) they wouldn't let her drink.  Not a huge deal, they were just following the law.  But they proceeded to assign staff to watch us the entire night.  A greasy ogre literally followed us around and watched to make sure she wasn't drinking.
3	Great place to go with a big group for something different than just heading out to the bars. I've been to the original one in Munich, and its American incarnation was pretty much along the same lines--beer, table-dancing (well, bench-dancing) to cheesy songs that everyone knows the words to, and lots of fun.As far as beer goes, I wasn't big on their Weizen (wheat beer) and I'm not a fan of lagers in general. Love their Dunkel though, so I always order that. Most of my friends always get the light beer...no comment. Food here isn't very good. Zucchini planks are the only thing I like (huge portion, good for snacking with a group). All the meat dishes are extremely dry and heavy on the salt. Personally, I wouldn't recommend this as a dinner/drinking combo. Eat elsewhere, then come here to drink.Another negative, the place gets way too crowded. If you come before 10pm, there will be an obscene wait for a table (and it's not fun if you don't get a table). Sometimes table reservations will be booked for the night as early as 7pm. Come late, and you can usually find some friendly strangers to jump in with. It's a little bit of a hassle to come here on a regular basis, but for birthdays or other special occassions, it's a great spot.
4	Long wait but once you get in it is an experience, the food is great and the beer is as authentic as you can get out of the alps
3	this place rates a bit high on the bro-meter for my liking, but it can be fun with the right group of friends.3 stars for doing a SHOT-SKI with my friend's mom.
3	Just isn't German enough to get more stars from me.  if it weren't for the really big and good beers, I would not keep going back for more...
2	I have been here several times in both warm and cool/ cold months. This is a large space that on weekends can feel very cramped. Atmosphere - 20, 30, 40 somethings, girl vs guy ratio 2 - 4, frat house, noisy, crowded, massive, messy, spills on your favorite shirt, the majority of people arriving in groups. Service - Again, it is like a frat house here on the weekends. So service here consists of pushing your way to the bar and sticking your money out to let them know you are ready to order. Summers here are a bit better. The outside bar, which faces the river, has easier access. Prices - The prices are a bit on the higher side for it being in the SouthSide. Mixed drinks are around $7 and beers around $5 and up. Food - The beer is decent here, I usually get the Hefe Weizen. I am not the biggest beer drinker so I usually switch to Cap'n and Cokes. I have never eaten here (other than a pretzel) as it is always too crowded. I think the less crowded and less rowdy afternoons are probably a better time to try out their food. Overall - While I have never had a blast here, as I feel I am getting too old to go, I think the best time to go to the Hofbrauhaus is in the summer months. This is because you can escape the craziness of the main area (lodge?) and head to the bottom level to really enjoy some time down by the river.
4	I love this place! I enjoy the food, the beer, and the atmosphere immensely. What I don't enjoy? The service. The service is usually incredibly friendly but takes forever.And seriously, any place where getting up on the tables and dancing is encouraged, for both men and women, that is definitely the place for me!
4	I don't come here for the food, although if you are a fan of German fare, you may come for the food. I come here for the beer (oh, delicious, yummy beer served in 1 liter mug) and the atmosphere, whether it is dance on the table to live music in the main hall or talking to friends on the balcony enjoying the view of the river.  It's a great place for a group of very loud people, not so much intimate dinners.
3	I admit that I've been putting off a trip to Hofbrauhaus for a long time. It wasn't that I was against going there, per say, but my absolute hatred of the South Side Works and what is offered there--both establishments and personalities--made me think I would loath it just because of its location. But my affinity for beer, especially beer in giant glass mugs, and the fact that it was the location of one of my good friends 25th birthday party celebration finally brought me in.I arrived sometime around 11 on a Friday night to a line circling around the side of the building. At once I thought my fears were confirmed, a long line of what I perceived to be South Side douche bags. But as I got closer I realized that it wasn't just a bunch of frat boys in line, but there were people of all ages and all walks of life waiting to get in. On top of that the line moved very quickly and all in all only spent about five minutes waiting to get inside.Once inside I made my way to the bar area, which was much more spacious than I thought it would be. That being said, Hofbrauhaus was still extremely crowded leaving little room to stand without bumping in to someone or having someone bump in to you. The dense crowd also left long waits for beer. The bartending staff tried their best to keep up, but there is only so much they can do when you have hundreds of people making human sardines around the bar all trying to order a beer at the same time.I ordered a liter of Dunkel, and when it was finally served to me, tasted pretty good. I'm not all that familiar with German style beers so I'm in no position to comment on its quality, but from an amateur perspective I thought it possessed a strong and unique flavor. The price for a liter wasn't bad, especially considering the location of Hofbrauhaus. I believe the "big mug" ran somewhere between $7 and $8. I wish I would have had more time to try a few of the other brews but I didn't get the chance.The atmosphere of Hofbrauhaus is a bit more rowdy than I expected. Long rows of thick wooden tables and benches line the open space between the bar and the stage which aren't used for sitting but instead standing upon. From this perch one feels like he or she is the life of the party singing songs and swinging mugs about, beer sloshing out like a geyser.The band was lively, fun, dressed in authentic Bavarian dress, and I could tell they really did have a passion for the music they were playing, but I was really hoping for something a big more authentic. Most of the songs they played were American covers, nothing but a few songs were German.My experience at Hofbrauhaus was a lot better than I originally thought it would be. It wasn't as much of a corporate juggernaut bar like many of the other bars in the South Side Works area, even though the amount of people they allow to be packed in at once makes you wonder if they care more about their profits or the experiences of their patrons. Will I come back? Probably yes, but only from time to time. I much prefer smaller less crowded and noisy bars, but if I have to pick a larger venue bar Hofbrauhaus would be the place.
2	Just did the weekend run... SO CROWDED.I mean, cheer is good, but there were some really patient folks who waited 2 hours for an inside table. We just wormed our way into the covered outdoor seating. Our toes were freezing despite the space heaters.Ordered a Hot Brown this time (turkey, bacon, cheese on potato pancake). It was very mediocre. It took a bit to get our food ready, probably the crowd. One of our friend's orders was forgotten, so she ended up waiting twice as long (ouch). It was also expensive for what it is. 1 Dish + 1 Beer will run you close to $20s.The drunken group singing experience, unfortunately it was hard to get into the crowd unless you arrived somewhat early. We got there at 8pm? Wonder how early you'd have to go to claim a table for the rest of the night...Not worth it. But no one was rude and the crowd controlled in moving traffic areas. They also split our 9 person group checks with no complaints. Fair enough, 2 stars over 1 for that.
3	My first experience at this restaurant was hard to describe. We sat down in the great German hall and had high expectations since the atmosphere seemed so communal and unique.    It didn't take long for the tides to turn on the 'seat yourself,' 'cafeteria style' seating as a server never seemed to appear to take an order. We may have been less apt to judge had a server granted even a simple drink order. But we sat to wait for at least twenty minutes. On the brink of trying the Irish place across the street, we were finally greeted by an apologetic hostess.   When the food and beer finally arrived (wursts on a bun and a liter, for me) we thoroughly enjoyed the cuisine. After the orders were taken there was hardly a wait for the food to arrive. The bill followed suit. The food was wonderful for the portions and quality.I would probably try this place again on a week night, as we ate in on a Saturday.  It might be less crowded and more enjoyable.
4	This is one of my favorite places to hit with the guys when I'm in the PGH. The brew is not half bad and the food keeps me satisfied. My only complaint is that this place can get really busy on the weekends and you have to pay for parking in a nearby garage.
3	I think if you're already drunk and are independently wealthy, Hofbrauhaus is fun.  The food quality is actually better than I anticipated.
5	Great service, great beer, great food.  I had the bratwurst with potato pancake and sauerkraut - all were great.
2	The potato pancakes were great, the sausage was good, the beers were ok. I thought it was a bit pricey for the food offered. The interior was very good though.
4	Dirndl, lederhosen and bier cheese---oh my! I visited this place on a Friday night and it was an experience. My friend forewarned me how packed this place gets but I wasn't prepared whatsoever. We got there around 7P and got a booth on the side-perfect for the people watching spectacle to come. Got the bier cheese and pretzel appetizer and I wish I could have sucked it up with a straw but inevitably it would have gone right to the booty. Plus I don't think sucking liquid cheese through a straw is socially acceptable? Then the band started along with a Pens game playing on tv and yeah, the place was madness. I've never seen a place like this before with peeps standing up on their chairs, dancing, drinking and have a merry ole time to Neil Diamond and John Denver jams. And seeing I'm originally from FL and never got into hockey, it was an experience watching a hockey game in the Burgh. The crowd was out of control with security strategically placed throughout the hall ready to break up a fight at any moment (hooray for no crazy frat boys trying to show how ballsy they are!)  When we had to get up to use the restroom, we had to take a few minutes to plan the best route in order to avoid dancing or beer spillage. Service was ok.....the waitress disappeared for a good while and I don't blame her. Food was good but priced a little too high. Mixed crowed with people of all ages but lots and lots of kiddies. I think it would be a fun place to go to in the summer time with the huge patio they have but other than that, it would be a one in a while kinda place for me to go to. But regardless, still a fun time. Next time, Shot-ski is on the agenda.
4	Saturday's the topsDrink a friend, dance with a beerOANS ZWOA DREI! G'SUFFA!
4	Get the works sampler
2	One more chain to avoid.  Went here to sample German fare in the beer garden-  great atmosphere by the river-  beer was not as good as I expected and food was bad, even the pretzel tasted like it was served at the ballpark.  I had brats and they were salty and average-  the schnitzel was over cooked- the red cabbage was from a jar. The potato pancakes were greasy- no homefries which I love with schnitzel- and no veal-   Not worth the crowds, the price or the hype.  It reminded me of Disneyland without the rides -big disappointment.
4	Such a fun place! The sauerbraten, pretzels and potato pancakes were delicious. I had the lager, which was a good beer. The entertainment was really fun, especially after 9 when everyone was standing on the benches and singing along with Steve Grkman. Go with a group of friends, this place is super fun! Recommend to anyone looking for a casual, but energetic experience.
4	If a large crowd of people standing on benches at long tables in a beer hall, dancing and waving gigantic mugs of German brew back and forth as they listen to a cheesy cover band is your idea of a good time, then Hofbrauhaus is the place for you. I have a soft spot for a place where everyone is encouraged to party, and this place is just that. We went there on a Saturday night on a recent trip to Pittsburgh and the place was jam-packed and everyone was having fun. The place is a little "white" ethnically speaking, music-wise, etc. The live band played old cover songs you'd probably hear at weddings, e.g., Neil Diamond, Billy Joel, etc.  You will find yourself singing along. Beer is brewed there, and is good and cheap -- the  liters were about $8. The wheat beer was nice, so was the lager.  We didn't have the food, so I can't comment on that.Go with a group of friends. It's a fun place!
4	Hofbrauhaus has a great atmosphere. It's very down-to-earth so leave your pretensions at other (more appropriate) joints in Pgh. But if you're in the mood, it's a great time whether you're standing on the tables belting out Sweet Caroline (for us Pitt fans, or Country Roads for the 'Eers) or doing a shot-ski or just sitting outside on the back area on a pleasant afternoon.I honestly can't say that the food or the brew here is out of this world. But it ain't half bad either.
4	Wish I would have come here at nighttime, as I hear people dance on the long wooden tables! That's my only regret! At least the accordian player was still doing his thing during our meal. Totally German place with authentic German food and great BEER in huge glasses.  I also regret not buying one of those glasses. Unfortunately I wasn't that hungry when I came here, so I just got a side of Spaetzle, and it was delicious. My boyfriend got the potato pancakes, and they were also very good. SO AWESOME HERE. If I'm in Pittsburgh again, I'd love to go back at nighttime when the place apparently comes more alive.
5	SHOT-SKI !!!!!!!!!!!!!!'nuff said
4	Every time I come to Pittsburgh, I make sure to go to Hofbrauhaus! For any German beer fan who has been living under a rock, Hofbrauhaus is a German Biergarten in Munich.Each time I come to Hofbrauhaus, I make sure to try one of their seasonal beers. So far, I have tried the Weizenbock, Bavarian Wheat and the Marzen. Outside of this, I have tried most of their other beers with the Weizen being my favorite. The great thing about the Hofbrauhaus in Pittsburgh is the fact that they brew their beers there! This means you will always get a fresh beer!As for the food; the food is always great! It's a little expensive; however, the portions are huge! When I go, I always split the Schmankerlplatte with someone. This plate consists of Schweinsbraten, Smoked Pork Chops, three kinds of Wursts, Sauerkraut, Fried Cabbage, and Mashed Potatoes. It's huge! Everything on it is great!My only complaint with this place is the lack of parking; however, this is an issue pretty much anywhere you go in Pittsburgh.
4	Just went here for the first time with my family.  This place is a good time, but if you don't like the idea of an Oktoberfest kind of place with everyone drinking giant liter beers, then don't go here.The food was good and they really stick to the German types of food.  I had a sampler of some of the wursts and pork roasts.  It was prepared to my liking and tasty.  There wasn't anything that would blow you away, but if you like German food it's a great place.  There were even some things on the menu I've never had before that were fun to try like sauerkraut balls and fried pickles. I enjoyed their beer as well.  They have a different seasonal brew every month as well as their regulars.  All were good and stick to the German brewing rules.  For comparison though, I liked what I had here better than the similar beers one would find at Gordon Biersch.  Oh yeah, having four people do a shot off a ski in front of the whole place is a good time.We actually had our kids along and they did great.  Plus the place is so damn loud they can make all the noise they want.  The live music was also a neat experience.Long story short, I'd like to come back without any kids and get hammered with the crowd there that I can guess gets rowdy as the night goes on.
2	This is no more an authentic beer hall than the Tiki Lounge is an authentic Polynesian hut.  But the inside atmosphere is fun and energetic, with people dancing on tables as the band plays polkaized versions of Neil Diamond songs.  It is very very loud, with open seating after 9pm on weekends, so don't expect to have any conversations.  The outside is more chill and is a nice spot to sit along the river.  That said, the two stars are strictly for atmosphere only.After 30 minutes of sitting outside went by with no one taking our orders, we had to chase down a waitress.  The beers are not-so-good.  The wheat is the only decent beer in the lot.  Instead of beers, I'd order a shotski--four shot glasses attached to a ski so all drinkers are forced to take shots in unison...Any shot you can imagine.  As far as the food goes, if you're not getting a pretzel, you'll be disappointed.  That's the only great item on the menu.  The sauerkraut is just awful.  The doormen here take their jobs too seriously.  I was startled by two of them yelling "thief" at me after I walked out with my group of co-workers.  Everyone around stopped to stare.  After the doormen said people had been stealing glasses, I showed them my left-overs from dinner were the bugle in my handbag.  The funny part is that I was stone-sober and didn't even order a drink there, so had no glass to steal.  I would have been willing to forgive and forget, but I never got an apology.  So I docked a star for poor service.
4	I visited the restaurant on a Sunday evening.   There was no line to get in but the place was full!  We we seated immediately in the covered outdoor area.   It was comfortable, quiet and had a gret view of the river!  Service was prompt and friendly (thanks Lucy!)  We got beer explanations and recoommendations and enjoyed the very short wait for the food.   I am a breaded pork cutlet  fan so i ardered the weinerschnitzel.   Wow....I was huge, hot, and delicious with not a drop of grease!  The sauce went well with the meat too!   I could have this dish over and over again!Good food, nice surrounds, and good service AND you don't haveto be part of the boisterous party if you don't want too!
5	My family and I were looking for a fun place to go for our last night out before I went to college, and we decided on the Hofbrauhaus.  It was a great decision.We got the Giant Pretzel and sausage platter for a starter.  Both were delicious.  The sauerkraut that came with the sausage was soooo good.  I made sure I got a side of kraut with my meal because of it.  The Pretzel was great too, and the sauces were phenomenal.For my meal I got the pork.  The one i ordered was the Bavarian Jaugersniztwel.  It had mushrooms and bacon on top, and the sauce with it was absolutely great.  The sides were also good.  The waiter told me before that the veggies were frozen and not good, but I ordered them anyways, and I really enjoyed them.The workers messed up my mothers sides, but they fixed it with no problems at all, and within sixty seconds, we had the new sides.  We even got to keep the wrong sides, which I was very happy to devour.  Everybody at the table liked their meals, and we even had enough room to throw down some apple strudel and chocolate cake.  They were both delicious.I would defiantly recommend this place.  The atmosphere is beyond fun, and if I am excited for two birthdays from now when I get to spend my 21st Bday cheers-ing German beers and singing along with the rest of the place.
2	Maybe during Oktoberfest you'd get the "Disney" like experience others talked about (which would also be lame), but, on the night we came it was just lame.  Walked into some old guy playing keyboard version of Journey's "Don't stop believing" and a few young dudes standing on tables, swaying back and forth singing along.  The whole of Pittsburgh doesn't have enough polka outfits to pay each to play one night of the week?  I had German friends complain at how ridiculous Hofbrauhaus in Munich was, but if they saw this, I think they'd want to shoot themselves.  Also, I found the original in Munich not so bad- decent prices, decent food, and mostly full of older german couples or men!  Maybe during Oktoberfest it's awful, but I liked it.  This was just pathetic- the "german dishes" were quite frankly terrible.  I forget which sausage my husband ordered, but he said it tasted just like breakfast links.  I ordered the kasespaetzle, a dish I ate a lot of and liked in Germany.  The two versions can't even be compared.  This one was full of nearly raw onions and tasted like it was covered in alfredo sauce, and was pretty much one big lump of doughy noodle.  The only reason it's getting 2 stars is because the beer was good (though not being a beer connoisseur I can't really compare to the original).  I was a little peeved when I wanted to order a radler (my other favorite in Munich, along with the mushroom and potato dumplings which were absent from the menu here) and my 20something should be at TGI Fridays waitress gave me a blank look.  I didn't go here for fun or spectacle, and that is where I went wrong.  Maybe it'd be more up my alley if I ordered a "shot-ski" and burned off my tastebuds.
5	Ahhhh I love this place!! Definitely a must if you're visiting Pittsburgh or a resident! The beer serving are huge!!! I was having a pretty good time after the first huge glass! And those soft pretzels are to die for! We sat on the patio, such a beautiful view out there! Love the atmosphere and how freaking big the place is! Definitely perfect for big groups of people! Great if you actually want to go out and have conversation with people. I also saw a lot of families in there so it looks like it can be enjoyable for almost everyone (maybe not young children)! Highly recommend!
4	Hafbrauhaus is a lovely large brewery that sits on the river near the southside works.  They have a huge, and I mean huge beer hall that is very similar to the one in Munich.  The outdoor seating is awesome, and definitely my favorite part of the restaurant.  I'm not a beer far, and to be honest I go here often because DH is a beer connoisseur.  However I do love the beer here, and I don't feel bad that I can't sip down a nice glass of Merlot.  The food is just OK in my opinion, but then again I don't love eating large plates of sausage and meats.  The atmosphere is what redeems this place in my eye and it's awesome.  They always have live music and livelier people.  It's totally kosher to get smashed, dance on the tables, and belt your lungs out like a complete idiot...which I love.  Definitely check out this place for a good time.
4	Good Pretzel! As good as the one I had in Germany!The atmosphere during their busy time feels like the one in Munich!Servers carry their own change wallet just like in Europe.
3	This place confuses my sense of what is right and wrong.  The food is gross, the beer is gross...and yet the beer is so cheap, and there's soooo much of it.This place has become notorious for getting people drunk enough that they end up murdering somebody with their car.  But I'm not really sure who is really to blame.  Any other bar if you say, "I'm going to stop by for a couple beers," you'll have a wonderful time.  Here, you will be totally fucked.  Because for real, a whole liter of beer for 9 dollars is a God Damn good value, but nobody should consume anything based on liter amounts.The crowd varies from massive douchebags from the local colleges or new grads just getting blathered at the bar, to sweet old couples and families who actually love polka music, but everybody seems to be having a good time.  The music is fun.  The service is pretty great, and to be honest, the few times I've been here when it's really crowded, there hasn't been any overly rowdy behavior, so the security presence was probably a good idea.The food, as I said is really very gross.  And there is a thing called the Hot Brown, which makes me immediately think about what's going to be happening to my body at some point in the future.  Don't call something the 'Hot Brown' unless you're a Doctor trying to explain diarrhea to a child as gently as possible.  Other things are not so bad, and I'll admit that at a certain level of intoxication, I will shamelessly eat a plate of sausages like I'm in an eating contest with the devil.Points as well for the beer garden in the back.Go here to get drunk, eat gross things, and listen to an old sweetie play polka cover and traditional songs.  But get a fucking designated driver if you're a Dbag that's just going to end up murdering somebody with your car.
3	I was really excited to try this place since I love German food and drink. Okay, they serve beer by the liter, that is awesome! They have a full German menu, also awesome! The reason for three stars is that the service was pretty much "meh." I think our waitress quit judging by the reaction of our second waitress. The food was alright, nothing amazing, but acceptable nonetheless. I am not sure if it was an off night or if I built it up in my mind to be something it wasn't. Either way, it was an experience, but once was enough.
5	love it here! you must come atleast once! for people of all ages and they do great jobs for birthdays! food is good and beer is great! they have a nice view of the river with outdoor seating, come early if you dont have a reservation-- they are always packed!
4	Hofbrauhaus is just so much fun!Absolutely LOVE the drinking atmosphere. The grand tables, the ginormous "dining hall" (or drinking hall?), the lovely covered terrace - it's all great!I came here for dinner last night and enjoyed a couple brews (I think I had the one for October? They have a different beer every month! AMAZING). I started with the pretzels and biercheese and ordered the spatzle with chicken and mushrooms. The biercheese was definitely the highlight of the meal - fresh homemade pretzels and a light (but still rich) cheddar beer dip. I literally have a craving for these at least once a week!The spatzle was pretty good, but nothing exciting. For those of you like me who have never really eaten German food before, spatzle is a dense, egg noodle that vaguely resembles gnocchi. The Heidelberger Rahm Spatzle (what I got) consisted of chicken breast, marsala cream sauce, caramelized onions, and mushrooms. My boyfriend got the Kasespatzle (like a mac 'n' cheese) and that was super rich, but very tasty. I'd recommend splitting that one.Service and atmosphere were great, food wasn't bad. I'd definitely come here again for a round or two and some biercheese!
4	Tried the beer sampler here and it was good. My wife had one of there pretzels and loved it. I am not a fan of pretzels myself though. Nice atmosphere with huge picnic like tables. I think it would depend on time of day and live band or not if you would want to bring your kids. We were there in the afternoon and it was quite.
5	The Hofbrauhaus is a must stop for anyone visiting Pittsburgh. This German beer hall serves beer by the liter at a reasonable price.The live entertainment in the beer hall makes any evening here fun with friends.In my several visits here, I have sampled many items on the menu and haven't been disappointed yet!
3	Their beer was decent but overall I feel like there are better breweries and beer destinations in the city. I do enjoy stopping in occasionally for the atmosphere. The German music, great hall setup, shot-skis and lederhosen can make for a rowdy crowd at times.
4	I went to Hofbrauhaus with my boyfriend and a few of his friends to grab a drink and check out the Pittsburgh nightlife.  The inside is surprisingly huge but has a very laid-back vibe.  The main hall with live music was packed so we found a table quickly in the quieter hall next door.  Most people around us were still ordering food, but we decided to just go with drinks.  I ordered a liter (yes, a full liter!) of their wheat beer, which was good (if not slightly warm towards the last few sips).  The beer was reasonably priced for the amount they served and overall, I had a great experience here.  Should have gotten a souvenir boot!
5	This place is like some kind of candyland. It's a franchise of the famous Hofbrauhaus in Munich, Germany, and it shows - the waitresses are all dressed in traditional derndl dresses, the beers are served by the liter, the band is led by an accordion and the people stand on their seats and loudly belt out whatever words they know.Not even the excessive crowd bothered me. Believe me, it was packed in this place. But this is one of those places where the experience is made better by the huge, rambunctious group of drinking buddies all around you. I will go back every time I visit this town.
4	Hofbrauhaus is a great spot to spend a night out. The highlight is the freshly brewed beer served by the liter at quite reasonable prices. I forget exactly how much a liter is, but it's less than $10, which is a steal for beer of this quality. All the beers are spot on, I've never sampled any of the food but it seems great for drunk munchies. Service is friendly and fairly efficient, even on crowded nights.The crowd varies from rowdy college students to tamer, older groups, but it's never unpleasant and there's always seats to be had if you don't feel like standing with your beer. The outdoor area is lively yet relaxing during the summer, there's nothing quite like enjoying a stein (or three) looking out at the river and skyline.
4	I wish there were a couple more of these places throughout the country. Amazing, genuine German food coupled with some of the best German beer there is.
4	A great atmosphere for a drink and German food. If you're visiting the Pittsburgh area you should check it out.
5	We had a wonderful time at Hofbrauhaus when visiting some friend's to celebrate some birthdays. We really wanted to go there because we are planning to go to Oktoberfest this year, and what a better place to prepare than the Hofbrauhaus, right? It was so much fun!We weren't able to get a table in the main room at first so we went to the side room where we got some appetizers, and a few people got meals. I enjoyed looking over the menu at some of the traditional German dishes. If you are not a fan of German food, then don't expect to like their food. I rather enjoyed the things I tried - including the weiner schnitzel, the kraut balls, and the pretzels. The beer was really good too and pretty cheap. I tried the Premium Lager, the Hefe Weizen, and the Dunkel. I liked the Premium the best, but the others were good too. You got a ton of beer for the cost, and I was even able to buy the stein for an extra $10 to add to my beer boots and steins collection. We also enjoyed doing some shot skis, where we all lined up and downed a shot together. One of my friends was the short one on her ski and got a shot in her eye - so just make sure the taller folks bend down a bit! It was pretty funny though. Once the main room opened up a bit, we headed over there to dance on the tables and cheers each other with our steins. It was a really fun night, and I would definitely recommend a trip there if you are into Oktoberfest-type or binge-drinking activities. Fun times indeed!!
4	I wish, I wish, I wish we had one of these in St. Louis.First, apparently this is actually a replica version of the actually Hofbrauhaus that they have in Germany (so my friend who actually went said). So. Pretty cool on that front. Thankfully, there aren't drains in the floor of this one like there are for the one in Germany...They're a German beer hall so so course you have to get the beer steins. They're pretty big. Each stein is probably about 2.5 cans of beer. The food is decent. The pretzels with cheese are actually really good. Get them. I also got a plate of spatzle with chicken breast, and like everything else here, the plate was huge. I finished it all but I don't know how I did it and I kind of wished I hadn't. Later, we got the ski shots, which are basically just 4 shots on a ski and you have to drink it all at the same time.The atmosphere in the beer hall: you either love it or hate it. It's rowdy. It's loud. There's people standing on benches. (Surprise revelation of the night: Sweet Home Alabama is apparently a popular song in Pittsburgh.) They do have a great beer garden outside for when the weather is nice and you just want to get it away from all the ruckus inside.For dessert, we had the apfel strudel and the chocolate layer cake. I really liked the chocolate layer cake though it was at the point in the night when I probably could have cared less what was for dessert.
3	Food is good but not an amazing selection.  Inside is very noisy, making conversation difficult, but the outdoor seating overlooking the river is spectacular.
4	Hofbraughhaus is a one-of-a-kind experience. During our visit, it was a blast to drink beer out of a liter mug, try different German sausage, sing along with our fellow dining mates, and just enjoy the atmosphere! The beer served was very tasty, not really heavy, and we really did enjoy the sausage plate. If you're in Pittsburgh and looking for a unique experience, check out Hofbraughhaus!
4	I left Pittsburgh in 2009, and almost every time I come back for a visit, I find myself at Hofbrauhaus. It brings to Pittsburgh that wonderful German experience, from the delicious German sausages to the huge mugs of beer to dancing on the tables. It can be loud and rowdy, but such is the environment of a German beer house, and there are outside tables for those seeking a quieter night. Hofbrauhaus is located at the South Side neighborhood of Pittsburgh, and the overall area is nice and clean. At the outside tables, you can kick back and enjoy your 1 liter mug while gazing lazily down the river. I would highly recommend, well, everything, but my personal favorite is the liter of Hefe Weizen. One can order the half liter, the 'little beer' as we say, but one should also be aware that such can lead to a night of ridicule and taunts.Little beer or not, the experience is a must-try, and at the very least, Hofbrauhaus gives you great food and great beer. Have a DD ready, since one can end up drinking quite a lot here. Indeed.
5	The perfect combination of food, beer and atmosphere. Seriously I don't need to describe the place for the one billionth time - just think "big German beer hall" and you've got it. The beer is great, about what you'd expect but in glasses 4x as big as you're used too. They serve beer by the liter.Speaking of liters of beer and giant glasses, don't clink them together - they will break into giant chunks and slice open whatever they fall on. That reminds me - the security staff is professional as hell here. We caused what I would consider to be a minor ruckus with minor injuries - but the security staff did not react as if they were the goddamn secret service. I'm used to a bunch of knuckleheads charging in and throwing everyone out as rudely as they can. We were all treated with respect like I've never been shown by a security guarad anywhere - breathtaking. Maybe it was the $600 bill we had rung up, maybe it was the fact that the security staff is made of gentle giants - I'm not sure, but they do it right.Want to get a seat? Show up about 2 hours before you want to sit and put your name in. Want to get a seat by the band? Wear lederhosen.
5	This review is for the bar only. This is what I want heaven to be like, flowing dunkel, drunk friendly people, the best cover band in the land, and bier cheese that I would literally kill for.If you would rather drink, dance, sing and have a good time over grinding randomly COME HERE! If you just wanna grind and hook up don't come here you won't have fun. I have been to A LOT of bars and this is my overall favorite, I go at least once a month hopefully more.
4	We came here on a Sunday night for a late dinner so it wasn't very crowded. There was a guy on stage singing most of the time we were there. He sang both German and cover songs. We started off with beers and the Oktoberfest pretzel - it was so good and I liked the different sauces that came with it. How do you top soft pretzels and beer? With giant pretzels and liters of beer.. can't go wrong with that combination. For dinner, I had the jagerschnitzel - pork cutlet topped with burgundy wine mushroom and bacon sauce and my boyfriend had the wiener schnitzel - similar to what I had minus the sauce. Both were really good and big portions. Wish we could've seen what it was like here on a Friday or Saturday night.
4	Although only 4 year round beers and 1 rotating tap, beer is solid and cheap (less than 6 bucks for a half liter, less than 10 for a liter).  The pretzels are delicious, and the potato soup is awesome.  I would only go when weather is good enough for outdoor seating because it is on the river and has a great view, also because inside is too rowdy with a lot of drunk assholes in the beer hall.  It gets so bad on weekends that police officers wait outside for any issues that arise in the beer hall.
3	Went here to break Passover this yearWhat we sampled: Beer sampler      Definitely a good way to try different beers, to get an idea of what you like. I was really interested in the Hefeweizen with flavors of banana and clove.  It was definitely interesting smelled like bananas and tasted like cloves. Appetizer sample     The beer cheese and pretzels were great and the sauerkraut balls were definitely interesting.  I wasn't such a big fan of the potato pancakes though. Beer Cheese spatzel     Total winner of the night.  It was awesome. Apple Streudel     A classic, though I don't know if I would order it again.  Not really my thing. Service was great and helpful!
5	Big beer steins.  Delicious beer.  Sing-a-long drinking bands.  What more could you ask for?
5	Undoubtedly the best lager I have had in years.  The assorted appetizers are freshly made and delicious.  The interior definitely resembles a German beer hall (namely the original Hofbrauhas in Munich), although the house band could use more lessons.  Eins, zwei, g'suffa !
3	The food isn't great. The beer is okay. The atmosphere is a great time, especially in the summer on the patio. It's a "visit once in a while when it's convenient" type of place. Have had great experiences with large groups on the outside patio area. But the beer and food isn't awesome.
3	There's definitely a solid beer selection here, and the food's not bad either. However, the atmosphere was a little bit off to me. Even though there's an obvious German beer hall layout and polka band, there was a tangible southern twang (random southern songs, for example) that seemed really out of place at the locale.
4	this was my first real german restaurant and i thought it was pretty good. i went with the schnitzel and tried one of the house brews. good stuff!
5	Love this place. Great service. Great food (try the apple strudel) and the beer is excellent!  I try to bring everyone I know here now just so I have an excuse to come.  A real German beer garden experience.
5	In town for one night from DC and had a great time.  Food was decent but the beer, music and ambiance was part of what made this a great time for my wife and me.   The  best part of our visit though was the service - Kelsey was so helpful, so much fun and so doggone good at her job that even if the ambiance had "sucked" I'd make it a point to come back again. Thank you Kelsey- it was a tough night for us and you made it a lot of fun.  We are very grateful.
5	I don't know if it was the timing or what, but we had a great experience here. I got the Schweineshaxe (a favorite German food of mine) and it was absolutely amazing. Even people walking by our table to theirs asked what it was so they could order it. Fantastic.Of course the beers were good too, and the view on the deck made for great atmosphere. The waitress had no problem with our taking time to eat our meal and have a few beers, and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.
4	Accessible parking.  The restaurant feels sterile, even though the decor is Bavarian.  It's too quiet for a place called Hofbrauhaus.  Nevertheless, the beer is fresh and it was a great place to stop on a hot afternoon in Pittsburgh.
2	This restaurant gets a resounding 'meh' from me.I really enjoy coming here--when it's convenient and usually in the summer because I like the outdoor biergarten.Their bier is SCHEISS.  FURCHTBAR.  It's going to impress you if you've never had actual German beer.  I have.  It just doesn't taste right.  The best brew of the bunch is the Witbier.  Try ordering the Radler beeer, which is the wheat beer mixed with lemonade.  It's very refreshing.If you enjoy sodium, you will LOVE the food.  Everything here is way too salty.  I think it's so they sell more beer?  Or maybe it's just bc I've quit smoking, now I think everything is salty.  I will fight you over the beer cheese pretzel.  It's pretty damn good.  Also, the Hot Brown looks a little iffy on the menu but my friend ordered it and she said it was fantastic.  .Be prepared to losen your dirndl and let your Lederhosen out bc the portions are HUGE.  The caloric value of the food would probably be horrifying.  You can just drink your way through your diet guilt.  The service is usually fantastic and the food does come out quicklyDon't come to the Hofbrauhaus if you've had a bad day at work and need to vent to a friend--I made thie mistake of doing this and this is how I learned that the most annoying sound in the world when you're stressed out is that of an old man attempting to yodel.Not even a very large witbier could save me.
4	decent food, nice place to get a cold delicious beer and some yummy German snacks. i went here right after i rode around Pittsburgh on a rented bike (you can rent them next door), and it hit the spot!
4	Went here for the first time yesterday instead of Max's on North Side.The open dining area felt like an authentic German hall sort of thing -- kind of like what I would imagine the German hall at Busch Gardens in Williamsburg would be like.  Service was pretty good.  For an appetizer, we got pretzels and bier cheese.  It was pretty tasty, but the bier cheese was kind of dry and stuck to the roof of my mouth (but it was totally worth it).  Ordered the schnitzel cordon bleu, which is fried veal, ham, and bier cheese on top, and for sides I substituted with a potato pancake and sauerkraut.  The food was really good and fresh, although the bier cheese was still pretty dry (maybe that's how it's supposed to be, I don't know.)Overall, I had a pretty good experience here at the Hofbrauhaus, although I would still choose Max's over it.
3	I'm partial to Hofbrau only in the summer....in the winter, it gets too cooped up, and I really can't stand the obnoxiously drunk singing inside.  I'm sure some people love it, but it's just not me.  I've spent a lot of time at this place, and you should definitely go here if you haven't been here, just be prepared for LOUD. I highly recommend you go in the summer and head straight for the back...the downstairs patio outside is a great way to spend a summer evening.  A year ago I probably would have given them 5 stars, but nothing has changed and it gets stale after a while.  If you haven't been here though,  you should absolutely go...there's a reason there are so many reviews.  As far as food, I echo Rachel's sentiment:  TGIFridays but with German food.  The food doesn't do it for me.  Definitely a drinking spot only.  On to the things I do like...the 1L of wheat beer, and the beer cheese + pretzels.  You should get a liter of beer because, well, you can't get it in many other places.  And yes, it is brewed in haus.
4	I enjoyed our experience at Hofbrauhaus.  We went on a Sunday afternoon around 3:30 so the cavernous restaurant seemed very empty.  We were quickly greeted and our request for a table inside but with a view of the river was accommodated with a smile.  We started with the "Works" sampler.  Because it was slow in the restaurant, the food came out much more quickly than we had expected it to.  It was tasty and quite a bit of food.  However, it cost more than either of our entrees did.  The pretzels were the standard soft pretzel.  The bier cheese, however, was fantastic!  I wish they would have given us more than just the small cup worth.  The plate also included fried pickels (which were pretty standard as well).  What stood out wer ethe sauerkraut balls (served with honey mustard).  They were unique, crisp and tasty.  The combo was rounded out with potato pancakes served with applesauce.  While I enjoyed the potato pancakes, I expected better from a German restaurant.Main entrees were the Jagerscnitzel and Kasespatzle.  The Jagerschnitzel is pork with a wine mushroom/bacon sauce.  The pork was tender and the breading crisp and tasty.  It came with a delectable German potato salad and a fried cabbage that I can't say much more about other than "meh."The Kasespatzle was, as expected, very heavy (the dish contains swiss cheese, onions nad heavy cream sauce).  It was too much for my taste, but my fiance loved it.  While we were dining, a leiderhosen clad accordian player kept the small crowd entertained with traditional German favorites with the Chicken Dance thrown in for good measure.  Overall, we had an enjoyable and tasty experience.  Hofbrauhaus certainly won't be a regular stop, but we will visit again.
3	I've only been to Hofbrauhaus a handful of times, but I have had a good time on all occasions. Whenever I've dropped in, strangely enough, it's almost always been midday on a week day ...Anyway, I am a huge wheat beer lover to I of course go with the Hefeweizen, which is quite tasty (though I still prefer Paulaner's over all others). I like all of the windows that let in an ample amount of sunshine, if the sun happens to not be behind a rain cloud (that happened to me on one visit; it poured. Thank God I was inside chugging beer). It was always empty on my visit except for one when I went later on in the evening. Then it was filled with college students who gave the place a slightly party-ish kind of atmosphere, and I don't mean that in a bad way.As far as the food, I can't speak to it as absolutely nothing on the menu appeals to me. I've had their pretzels once and those are really good, but I'm not going to drive all of the way to South Side Works for some damn pretzels lol. I haven't heard many good things about their food. From what I gather most people just show up for the beer, especially during Oktoberfest.I highly suggest visiting when their tapping the kegs for Oktoberfest. THAT was a fun time. ;)
4	Excellent beer selection and food in a giant German beer hall. What's not to like?  The pretzels, apple potato pancakes, and fried sauerkraut balls were especially good. The grilled brat with sauerkraut is worth getting as well. The service might be a little slow but you're enjoying the beer hall so don't stress too much.
5	I am from Cleveland and went to this place because I enjoy great beer and food. We went for late lunch and had an excellent experience. German beer hall atmosphere is true to form with a guy on the accordion and dressed up beer wenches.  Food was phenomenal, beer was authentic german stuff from the Dunkel to the Hefewizen. We did not see the sampler on the menu but when one went by we ordered it. We had the giant pretzel and the 3 dips bier cheese, ozabel (sp) and sweet mustard were the best (great lakes brew in CLE has slightly diff Ozabel). My wife had a pan seared pork chop with burgandy mushroom sauce perfectly tender. The sauteed cabbage was spot on. I had the pork loaf which was like a hot dog flattened and grilled. great flavor. Views of the river were great and we even did the german drinking cheer that was made made very popular on the man show.
5	We met some friends for dinner here as we both passed through town. We really enjoyed the uniqueness of the menu (for us). We were seated at a nice big wooden table on the upstairs patio (which was good, because it looked like a college Oktoberfest party going on in the main restaurant area). We started off with "the works" sampler and, despite small portions, everything tasted great (especially the fried pickles, sauerkraut balls, beer cheese. For dinner I had Wurstplatte sampler which was all good. My son had the Bavarian Jagerschnitzel which was very good. My daughter had the Kasespatzel which she said was good. Mom had the cordon blue Schnitzel which she enjoyed. Our dining guest also enjoyed their meals. I also enjoyed a couple half pints of the Hefe Weizen beer. That was good too. So, we give it a five-star rating overall.
5	They make their own beer and they have my favorite, Hefe Weisen.  The food was good, the beer was fresh and tasty, the musicians were drinking and playing.  The waitresses dressed in the German outfits just made it that much better.  They have a gift room with everything you can think of from mugs to shirts and candy.Very good.
4	On the last night of a trip, I usually tend to go to a place that I know will have good beer.  I have been to the original Hofbrauhaus in Munich.... so it was a no-brainer that I would end up here at some point during my trip to Pittsburgh. It was a nice night, and the sun was just about set on a nice summer day.  A seat out in the Biergarten was an easy decision.  It was nice to see the old Oktoberfest tables set out with a nice river view. To start off, we shared the pretzels and bier kasse.  Think about that.  Okay, you got it.  It was pretty much what you think it would be.  Definitely recommend.I ordered the schweinebraten and my wife ordered the nurnberger sausages.  Unfortunately, they were out of the schweinebraten and I went with an order of the nurnberger sausages as well.  To drink, I had their seasonal Pilsner, and my wife had the hefeweizen.  Later on, I got a dunkel as well.  Everything came on in a timely manner, and tasted pretty much like what we have enjoyed in Deutschland.  The beer, as you would expect, was right on. After dinner, we split the appel strudel, which was very good.The restaurant was in a great location.  It was right by a riverwalk, which came in handy as we tried to walk off the great meal we just had.So.... where's the fifth star?  The party next to us asked for mustard and was given Guldens mustard.  While that wouldn't raise an eyebrow anywhere else, this is a German place and you have to get the mustard right.  It would be akin to putting ketchup on someone's noodles at an Italian restaurant.But all in all, it was very faithful to the original Hofbrauhaus.  Definitely try to stop by here if you have a chance.  Highly recommend!
4	2 Words:  Awesome Beer.  It had to be the best place in town to watch the Olympics that night.  The atmosphere was superb.  Everyone was singing along with the band while standing on there chairs (with beer in hand).  This experience has added Hofbrauhaus to my list of places to visit when I go to Munich.
5	This place is huge.   It's a little overwhelming when you enter the place but the food quality and beer easily makes one feel comfortable and at ease.
4	There are two very important things one needs when dining at Hofbrauhaus: 1) stretchy pants and 2) a designated driver.The stretchy pants are for comfort after you have gorged yourself on sausages, pork, sauerkraut or any number of German delicacies.  The designated driver is for when you've drunken yourself into a stupor after one gigantic beer.I've only been there a few times, but each time, I have a decent experience, great food and awesome beer.  Yes, I know I'm breaking my rule about corporate food, but there aren't that many locations (it's not like it's a Chili's - on every corner) so I don't count it as being too, too corporate.  I forgive because the food is actually pretty good.My one warning is that if you're looking for a nice, quiet intimate place to dine, go elsewhere.  If it's busy, you might be seated at a table with strangers (there are booths, but not too many).  On top of that, Hofbrauhaus is loud even on its slowest afternoons and absolutely nuts on a Saturday nght.
5	An enormous place that is perfect for bringing a big group to hang out at the tables.  Got a liter of hefeweizen and dinner was great, huge portions, and most importantly, they got the sauerkraut right, important for any German place.  Check out the gift shop too, the prices on souvenir stuff was a lot better than other places I've been to
4	Even if you don't like beer, just come here for the atmosphere.  Think of loud drunk people standing on tables singing along to all sorts of random songs.  A great time to be had.  Definitely not the type of place you'd want to eat a good meal though, or so I'm told.
4	Came to Pittsburgh for a meeting this week and had dinner and beers at the Hofbrauhaus.Great beers, loved the German stein option, the food was really good, the long tables and bier haus is fun.  Everyone at in my group seemed to enjoy their food and beer.  We had a pretzel appetizer, it was good and so was the cheese, not sure the pretzels where homemade or store bought but they went well with the beers.For me the best part was the atmosphere.  They had a guy playing the accordion and later a stand-up bass player.  Folks where bringing up birthday and anniversary dedications and the player jumped right in with a celebratory sing-along.  The crowd seemed to know what to do and most participated in the sing-along.  We felt real comfortable and it seemed to be full of a mixed crowd of families from seniors to the kids.We had fun.
4	If you want to really enjoy a real German beer hall experience, come visit Hofbrauhaus on weekends when the place is packed with people. Excellent energy and vibe!If you want to really appreciate how good and attentive the service, how huge the space both interior and exterior (patios overlooking the river, what a view!!), come visit Hofbrauhaus during weekdays. Come visit Hofbrauhaus whenever and you will guarantee a good time!Great beers, love my Hefeweizen and our Wurst platter - Bratwurst, Wiesswurst and Frankfurter ($13.99) was surprisingly good! Sausage Feast! Beer serves in Stein! Prost!
4	I like the Hofbrauhaus a lot.  There aren't that many of them in the world, so we're lucky to have one!  That being said, we only visit once or twice a year, usually in the fall as we're fans of their Oktoberfest brew.The pretzels are great, and my husband had the Jagerschnitzel which he said was amazing.  I honestly don't know how these people expect you to eat a meal after a half liter of beer and two soft pretzels, so I ordered a side of beer cheese spaetzle for dinner.  It's SO GOOD!  I definitely recommend sitting in the biergarden if it's nice out--you don't have to wait, it's self seating, the service is fast and they have a full bar down there as well.  There are twinkly lights strung up between the trees, plenty of bench seating, and you get a view of the river.Not to mention you don't have to do the chicken dance down there. :)
4	the pretzels and beer cheese are a big plus. great beer and if the drunken singing isn't for you theres a great outside patio area. i came here on a friday night and was thrown off by having to wait in a line to get inside but nevertheless, i would go back if i was with a large group.
3	I had high expectations for the hofbrauhaus after reading good reviews on Yelp, but I wasn't impressed with the sampler appetizers. The pretzels were very ordinary pretzels you can find in the freezer aisle. The "meatloaf" was bologna slices. The biercheese wasn't much more than nacho cheese. The beer was great though. The atmosphere on a Wednesday night was very quiet and uneventful. But the place looks like it could be really fun during the weekend when there are more people.
4	Great beer and authentic German fare.  A very good option for big groups - they can handle it.  Generally busy.  Not the place to go for vegetarian options, although they might have one or two.  It is very nice for kids.
5	I happen to love the Hofbrauhaus. I bring my family and friends here every time they come into town. Some people like to hate on the haus because it's food isn't super authentic and it's clientele is often frat-tastic, popped collars and all. I look beyond that and see the good beer served in giant mugs, guys dressed in lederhosen playing music, and in my opinion very good food.Beer:Hofbrauhaus only servers their own beers to you only have a choice of their 4 main beers the Lager, Light Lager, Hefeweizen, and Dunkel. They also have a different specialty beer every month so when you go back you have something different to try.Food: I happen to really like their food. I have had several of their dishes and have liked all of them. I have always received good service and the food quality and preparation has always been consistent. What's not to like. You will have fun when you go here, end of story.
1	Came here on a friend's recommendation. After paying for (mandatory) valet parking, we went in and asked for a table for two. Hostess looks at me as if I am off my rocker for thinking that we could get seated for dinner (at 9 pm!) and says, "We aren't taking names any more tonight, but if you want to wait about an hour, we switch to open seating."Open seating, as she further explains, means that at that point, we will have to wander the restaurant looking for an empty table, fight our way to it, hope no one else grabs it before we can get there, and then wait to have a server notice us. We took one glance at the frat-boys and already-drunk cougars and decided to try one of the other places near by. I don't care if they have the best German food on Earth (and looking at the priorities of the clientele, I'm guessing they don't) such lousy service is not going to win my business when there are so many other options in this town.
5	Hell yeah loved this place, came here right around Oktoberfest had a liter of beer Farva styel, did a little Ziggy Zaki, and had a great time. The grounds are very spacious and green. Lots of picnic style tables inside and out side. Definitely my new place to go to when I'm in the Burg.Oh yeah and amazing beer.
5	I know that this place is not "authentic," but I really don't care. As a Florida native, I grew up with chain restaurants and an occasional local Mexican place. German food was not just scarce, but nearly impossible to find in The Sunshine State.I had been to two other German restaurants in Georgia and North Carolina before trying Hofbrauhaus right after we moved to Pittsburgh a couple years ago. The restaurants were in cliche "German" house-style locations and featured mediocre food only enjoyed by true German food lovers. At the Atlanta location, I turned up my nose to most of the food and remember nibbling on a cold pretzel for most of the evening.Hofbrauhaus could not be any more different! It has four wonderfully unique sections of the restaurant - formal dining, bier hall, patio, and bier garden. I enjoy the bier hall earlier in the evening before it transforms into a bar, and the patio for late nights and spring/fall weather. Plus, it's covered, so we've even dined out there when it was raining.The beer is great. My personal favorite is the Hefe Weizen - a delicious wheat beer with a light banana flavor. I also enjoy the Dunkel, their dark lager that hits the spot when the weather is cooler. Each month, they have a different monthly beer, and I look forward to Oktoberfest all year. Make sure to order it early in the month of September in case they run out!I highly recommend The Works Sampler - pretzels, fried pickles, potato pancakes, and sauerkraut balls, all served with a complementary dip. It's a great appetizer to share with a group of four. Most of the entrees are between $10-15, which I think is very fair for the location and quantity of food. If ordering an appetizer, I would split an entree or sandwich with someone. My husband and I often split the Reuben or Schnitzel Sandwich, which are only $10 and plenty big enough for the two of us. Finally, though you probably won't have room, the Apfel Streudel is fantastic and definitely worth stretching your stomach just a little bit more for.I would question myself if I was truly in the minority regarding my opinion of this restaurant... but all of our Southern friends and family adore this place. Everyone who comes back for a second visit has requested - even almost begged - to come back here. Several friends and family members have even returned to Florida in search of a similar German place and have been unsuccessful. Maybe it's because we don't have "refined" German palates, but I don't care... This restaurant has made several of us (including myself) who thought we hated German food now become a huge fan. And any restaurant that changes my mind about an entire genre is a gem in my opinion.
3	I'm sad to say that I was a little underwhelmed on my first visit to Hofbrauhaus. I saw the other location in Las Vegas, so on my recent trip to Pittsburgh, I made an attempt to visit this location. I was really hoping that the place would be more lively and a fun place to get a beer/ start off the trip, but unfortunately this was not the case. Maybe the place had a quitter atmosphere because it was 8pm on a Thursday? I also thought the menu was very over-priced, which is to be expected at a gimmicky place like this. However, for a place that claims to be a German beer house, I was confused that the beer selection consisted of 5 choices, none of which were pumpkin flavored.  I'm still giving a 3 star review because the food and beer were good and my friends and I enjoyed ourselves, but had to say that I was a little disappointed. I'm open to trying the Vegas location the next time I visit though.
4	This review is just for my meal...nothing else. I admit I am not a fan of this place to go hang out.  Maybe if I was younger and lived close....but it's way to loud for me. I don't want to yell over the oompah band  the entire time I'm trying to hang with friends.  I'd find the music tolerable if I was drinking heavily. But people come here for the atmosphere knowing what they are getting into...so Im not going to rate this place based on my dislike for something that is at the heart of the business. So with all this being said...I had a good meal last week.  Had a gift certificate there and needed to wait out traffic. I got lucky coming in early in the evening because it wasn't the full band....considerably more quiet.  I ordered the Sauerbraten....really flavorful.  If you don't like traditional sauerkraut, this dish comes with red apple kraut.  Awesome.  My BF had the pork with crackling.  This dish is insane.  Wish I had taken a photo of it.  If you love pork and the fried pork skin....heaven.  For me it was a bit too much work to get the right amount of pork and the right amount of cracklin in each bite to make it nicely flavored. But if you have the time while drinking your huge liter of beer....then go for it.
5	This is one of my favorite places in the Pittsburgh area I've been here numerous times.  The draft beer is always good but don't except a ton of choices to be on tap all at once.  Don't listen to the negative reviews by the annoying foodies and hipsters.  I mean seriously are they ever happy?  They build a place in Pittsburgh that does not revolve around sports and TV's yet they still complain.  The menu has all sorts of things on it and I love the German potato salad and the red apple kraut.   The place can get really busy and loud though so if you're the type of person that is turned off by that I recommend trying to go when it is more low key.  In the warmer months there is outdoor seating that is used but in the colder months everyone is inside.
2	Meh.  I've experienced better.  I'm amazed by the size of this place.  Indoor hall, outdoor beer garden, inside, outside, upstairs, downstairs, lots of chairs, everywherez!We've come here several times for big get togethers, and I think that's the best upside.  They can easily accomodate large parties, and the waitstaff does a pretty good job in keeping up.The food itself, though, is just bleh.  I guess I'm just not into German cuisine.  I mean if Heidi Klum is the pinnacle of German beauty then Hofbrahaus is like the Janeane Garafolo of Deutschland dinners.  Then again, they do have a great selection of beer, and Germans know beer.  So put down a few of their pints, and Janeane Garafolo may just magically transform into Heidi Klum! #beergoggles
4	Always good.
4	Love it here.  The sheer size of the space, and the pervasiveness and tastefulness of the theme, are impressive enough that I sometimes forget how great the food and drink are.  Their seasonal beers are terrific, and of course the Hefeweisen is a solid standby.  The pretzels will blow your mind, and the sauerbraten, spaetzle, and wursts are all pitch-perfect.  I give it four stars because the size, crowds, and noise can get kind of overwhelming to me - a personal preference, I admit!  I give them lots of credit for stepping outside the wurst-and-kraut standards to provide the schnitzel cordon bleu (which, beware: it's way cheesier than you expect!) and the Heidelberger Rahm Spaetzle, a kind of creamy chicken-and-spaetzle marsala that I order when I don't feel like moving for the next few hours.  I'd say Hofbrauhaus is a must-visit!
4	Good food, good beer, and the staff was pleasant. A little pricey, but on-par for a theme restaurant, I suppose. No complaints at all. It was ~25 degrees outside, but the enclosed patio was a comfortable temperature. Our server seemed to be somewhat new, but wasn't bad at all. The "Christmasbier" was addictive, as was the Hot Brown and Pretzels with Beer Cheese. Not sure why Yelp states "not good for kids" in earlier reviews. It's a little loud, but was enjoyable; our 8 and 12-year olds had a good time.
5	So my review of the food may or may not really be accurate, considering that I'm a huge lightweight when it comes to beer. I had one stein's worth and... at that point everything tastes delicious to me.I was visiting a friend who goes to school in Grove City and she said that the Hofbrauhaus was a must-visit place in Pittsburgh. My other friend and I got off the airplane from NYC at 9PM and the three of us headed straight for this place for some dinner and beer.We went just when Storm Khan was rushing through, though I guess Pittsburgh was relatively safe. The parking was pretty far and the walk kind of sucked. What sucked more was by the time we got there and were pulling out our IDs, my friend from NY realized she didn't have her ID on her, so we had to walk back to the car. The bouncer laughed at us and led us in.Oh jeez, I have never been to a crazier beer garden. People were screaming along to songs on the top of their lungs, dancing on benches and swinging their steins. We were really hungry, so we opted to sit in a booth so that we could also talk. Basically, whenever the band paused, we would squeeze as much conversation as we could before being overwhelmed by sound again. It seemed like everyone was having a great time. The general ambiance was really impressive!The food and beers were great! We ordered the Hofbrauhaus Pretzels for our appetizers, and the three of us got the Jaegerschnitzel (me), the pork loin special, and Hofbrauhaus Wurstplatte. The Jaegershnitzel was DELICIOUS. Omg, it was like honestly the best breaded pork cutlet I have eaten in my life. It was very soft on the inside, yet the skin was crunchy and flavorful. The portions were pretty big too. The German potato salad was interesting (more like scalloped potatoes) and the pickled cabbage was delectable, even though I am not a fan of anything pickled. My friend's pork loin was tender and juicy. I'm always scared of pork loins because usually they get too dried out, but this one was good, along with the mashed potatoes! The Wurstplatte was interesting. There were three different types of sausages, which I do not remember what they are called. I like the white one the best because it was so soft, almost like a fish sausage. It wasn't sharp and salty like normal sausages.The pretzels were very salty (waaaay too much rock pieces on them) and the cheese was salty as well, but I don't like pretzels in general so I didn't dock any points off since I have a bias against them anyway. I ordered a stein of the Hofbrau Premium Lager, which was light and delicious. I think I got tipsy so quickly because I hadn't eaten anything else that whole day to prepare myself for this place. My Pitt friend ordered the Hofbrau Weizen, which was a bit too banana-y for my tastes, though the other two insisted that it was the best beer they had ever had. It was good, but not my favorite.In general this place is a great experience. If you like rowdy crowds, friendly waiters, and great German food, this place is for you!
4	Fun! Great place to cut loose with friends that will stand up on benches and sing like their in the shower. Add beer and German food and you have yourself a full evening.
4	Hofbrauhaus' German-Beer Hall inspired restaurant/pub provides an alternative dining and drinking experience in Pittsburgh. The atmosphere at Hofbrauhaus makes the visiting this establishment worthwhile. There is an eclectic group of people all indulging in heavily encouraged drinking while listening to upbeat traditional folk music. There are also skis for drinking beer; if that means something to you then Hofbrauhaus has it; if that sounds like nonsense then go to Hofbrauhaus to see what I mean.If you are willing to participate in the high energy cheering and singing, then you'll definitely enjoy an evening here.When I came here we ordered a few samplers, pretzels, and bratwurst to share. I have no standard to compare the authenticity to, but the quality was surely acceptable.As for beer, Hofbrauhaus brews its own beer on site. You can order a sample of the house beers and go from there. Also, I've read that Hofbrauhaus serves Cask Ales, but I cannot confirm this from memory.
3	I had a great time drinking my massive beers and eating some kielbasa.  The food was pretty good, but a bit pricey for what I got.  I saw some shot-skis going down and really enjoyed the live polka.  There is also outside seating. I would definitely recommend this place for a group or a party.
2	I can't help but feel like someone brought me to German Disneyland. The outfits (Dirndl) for the waitresses make me feel sad and embarrassed (but...also impressed by their cleavage). How come the bros get by in just a white and blue button up? Well, at least the dude playing the "accordion" (it was a piano) was in legit lederhosen. Work it, German Santa. He played some folk-ish music including Edelweiss.I drank their Doppelbock. It was tasty. It was 8.0% but I could REALLY taste the alcohol more than with other Doppelbocks I've had. I like that they have the ABV on there and also describe the beer. Apparently you can choose your beer sizes. That's fun. We only got a pretzel with bier cheese, a sweet mustard and obazda for $9.50. Too expensive for a hunk of bread. Should be something like $6. I could see the appeal of this place for Oktoberfest but I think I'll stay away until then. There's better beer to be had that doesn't subject their female waitstaff to dress like beer wenches.
3	I'm settling on three stars, because the experience really was pretty fun.  The place is a cavernous vault with soaring ceilings that reflect the loud, raucous vibe, the German music, and the clank of beer steins on tables.  Pretty cool.  I am  not above enjoying a kitschy appeal to every German stereotype, and I'm definitely not above the beer choices.I think I might have just had the bad luck to go there when the waitress I got was having a bad day, because her negativity was so pronounced that I whispered to my dinner companion, "Did I do something offensive?  Why does she hate me?"  Hard not to have a bit of a pall settle over the experience when you're wondering if your server is spitting in your food for reasons you can't figure out.Everyone else was great, though, so maybe that was just an anomaly.  The hostess was super cheerful, the musical entertainment was outrageous and fantastic, and it's basically a great place to go to if you're in the mood for a loud, cheerful time.The one other challenge I experienced is that there's no nearby parking, so having someone with limited mobility in the party is tricky.
4	I was apprehensive about how I thought our night would go.  We came for a 21st birthday dinner at 5:30, and didn't get seated til 7pm.  They do not take reservations and even though my husband called and talked to a manager who said they'd do their best to accommodate us, no one passed the word onto the evening manager, so our group of 21 sat waiting for 2 tables.Once that was done, we all had a great time.  The waitress was sympathetic to our older folks sitting right in front of the 'band' and didn't mind repeating things two and three times to our group.We got our beers / drinks quickly and really enjoyed the loud, chaotic atmosphere.  There were mostly families and large groups when we were there, I assume the crowd changes drastically after 9pm.The food was good - no problem substituting spaetzle for potato salad (I find their kartoffel salat a bit too sweet).  I had the Jagerschnitzel which I thought was pretty good.  The potato pancakes were a little over-fried (according to some of our guests at the table).  I've had the wurst platters and they are pretty good.All in all, if you're up for a loud, adventurous night and meeting total strangers, you'll enjoy the Hofbrauhaus.  We did a lot of singing, shot-skis and just had an all around fun time.
3	I've only been to Hofbrauhaus few times over the years and so far my experience has been good. Good Food .. Great Beer and attentive staff depending on what time of the day you get there.The place it self is humongous and well placed along the river board walk. The bier garden is great during summer.I will definitely go back again for the atmosphere and the beer but not so much for the food.
5	Delicious!!!  I ate pretty much the entire menu with my friends there.  Spaetzle was awesome!!!  Wienerschnitzel with the fried egg on top....amazing...Service was excellent and the food and drink were great.  It was hilarious watching these old high school group of friends (probably in their 40s or so and were probably Pittsburgh lifers) doing shotskis and drinking up a storm and then we got to see boobs as one of them flashed the entire room.  It was hilarious and so cute because you could tell they had been friends for god knows how long and  truly loved Pittsburgh.  It's nice to see that kind of unquestionable dedication.  And old boobs.  LMAO!
4	Gotta love the liter dunkels.The food is decent depending on what you get. I feel like the pretzels and beer cheese are a little over-hyped. The schintzel sandwich is probably my favorite thing to eat there.The place has a live band that usually plays good sing along songs (you are encouraged to stand on the benches but please don't stand on the table)The shotskis are a fun thing to do with a group (expensive but where else do you get to take a shot off of a ski?)All in all a good spot to hang out and chill. Once spring/summer rolls around the outside bier garden is a great place to just relax with a liter of beer and shoot the shit with your friends.
4	Good beer
4	Great beer, great Schweinshaxe. Absolutely the place to celebrate Oktoberfest.
5	Two words: Bier Cheese.
5	So good, I had to come back two times in the weekend I was here.Why I knew I would love this place: two sizes for beers... 1/2 Liter and full Liter. The beer brewed is very good and I can tell they serve it with pride.Came the first night quite late for some drinking / pretzel eating, and most of all.. standing on the benches signing along with the polka band, making new friends and having a drunken good ol' time.i wish they would have more of these establishments, as it was high positive energy the entire night! The songs were all very sing-a-long-able... especially the song about Alice!Next day I came back for an actual meal. The latkas were absolutely amazing, and I had the wurst sampler. All three were extremely good, and I am not sure which one I would choose if i had to choose one. Paired with the mashed potatoes and gravy, it was a match made in heaven. The patio was open the day we went, so we got to enjoy the views of the river as well. Great meal, great beer, great times! I will definitely be back!
3	Fun atmosphere. Good food. Big beers.I would suggest the appetizer sampler (the works). As many below me will agree, the sauerkraut balls are delicious. The bier cheese & pretzels were good too.I had the Bayerischer Schweinsbraten (pork with sauerkraut and a potato dumpling). It was different than I expected as I'm not too familiar with German food, but still pretty good. The pork was cooked well and had a good sauce. I wish I had substituted mashed potatoes instead of the dumpling.
1	Just say no. I felt like I was at an amusement park. Like the location though.
3	This is definitely NOT up my ally.  First, I recommend going at least tipsy.  The beers are pretty good for being 'home made' (for lack of a better word) and very reasonably priced.  For me, I just want delicious beers.  They don't have to be home-made.  I rather a beer not home-made that tastes amazing than one that is OK that was home-made.It's a large place, so it's pretty spacious considering how many people filter in. The live bands are OK, but it gets very kum bah yah-ish.  This is a place for you if you like live bands and lots of noise and people dancing on their seats. When it comes to night life, I am strictly for electronic dance music, so my review may not be 100% fair,  but it is true that I personally have experienced much better.FYI, they check purses before you leave so don't do anything stupid.
4	A place with atmosphere, public and menu. Beer very close to authentic standards. Good schnitzels and soups. Occasional live music (accordion of course).
4	If you are looking for a quiet place to enjoy a standard drink, Hofbrauhaus is NOT the place for you.  I mean this place gets loud!  You'll quickly see the crowd standing on their seats, singing and dancing along to the music and enjoying Hof's home brew.  Their lager is good, but I think I prefer their dunkel!  Remember, your choice is 1/2 or full liter, so come prepared to drink!
4	Their beer and food is good. Downside: it gets LOUD.
4	Not a beer person, but if you are, make a stop here and I'm almost guaranteed that you'll like it. When I came here with my bf, I felt like we entered a German village. The performances were great, the place was HUGE, and the crowd was just one big happy family.
4	Wonderful atmosphere, large portions and great staff. The cheese dip is great and the beers are worth taking the time to enjoy. Over all it was an experience worth repeating.
4	Loved the Beer Fries. Slightly pricey. Super friendly service. The atmosphere is very welcoming, making it very suitable for family or dates.
3	As far as beer garden type places go, this place is pretty standard.  They've got plenty of beer and lots of hearty german fare.  The only reason I'm not giving 4 stars is because I feel like there's nothing that screams AMAZING!!  I feel like you mainly come here for the ample seating and lively atmosphere.  The pretzels we had were pretty good, but again, nothing amazing.
3	This place can get packed.  So be prepared to wait!  However, if the biergarten is open, make sure to check it out.  Great place to grab a beer and wait for a table to open up.Food here is, blah.  However, that's primarily b/c I hate German food.  Pretzels w/bier cheese are quite good, and make a great appetizer.Definitely a fun place to have a beer, if you can get a table in the main hall.
4	I went here for a work gathering after an all day meeting in Pittsburgh. We went here because one of our colleagues is the accordion player in the band.It has a reputation of bring a fun place with lots of German beer. I enjoyed the food and wine as well. The German  music was pretty authentic as the band (including my colleague Mike Grk) played anything the audience requested that was a German song.  The band even has some groupees. In all, a fun place to have dinner and drinks in good old Pittsburgh.
4	I was in town visiting my fiancee's old stomping grounds, and we stumbled on this place.I got the Sauerbraten and I'm still unsure if I liked it. It was like nothing I'd had before so was unique in that way. Just not sure if I like German food or not. I think I liked it. My fiancee and her father had some other dishes which they were quite pleased with, but the joy was the music. We were there on a Saturday night and there was an accordion band in the front singing their hearts out. They even sang Sweet Caroline, which being a Boston native I had to sing along with. and yet, there was a room full of Pittsburghers singing along! It was a blast.They also had a special where if you ordered a liter of beer, you got to keep the mug, so I'll always have a memento of Hofbrauhaus in the form of an enormous mug.
4	Some may claim heresy, but I for one am a huge fan of the new Hofbrahaus.As much as I liked to go and have as many liters of beer and shotski's as my body pleased back in the day, Hofbra became such a party destination recently that the mood had transitioned from a community feeling of fun to a drunk titanic weighting down the South Side.  With the new ID requirements, drink limits, and elimination of a few of the drinking rituals of past, you can actually go to Hofbra on a Friday or Saturday night to relax and have a genuinely good time.The beer is, as always, historic to the traditional ways of German brewing.  No crazy variations or additions here...  Water, Malt, Hops, and Yeast.  Done.  For those looking for more adventurous craft offerings, you'll likely disappointed.  However, if you have a true appreciation for German offerings, Hofbra is a great asset to the city in that regard.The food overall is decent.  Nothing to write home about, but the pretzels and beer cheese make a fantastic drinking companion.Overall, Hofbra continues to be a great destination for locals and out of towners alike (still one of only three or four in the country I believe!).
4	Great atmosphere.  Go on the weekend and sit in the brewhouse, order one of the house beers (I prefer the dunkel if you are into dark beers, the hefeweizen if you are into lighter beers) have some great German food and stand on your bench and sing to the accordian music.  ZIGGY ZAGGY ZIGGY ZAGGY AHOY AHOY AHOY.
5	Decent traditional German food?  Check.  Delicious German beer?  Check.  Polka music?  Check!!!  Need I say more?  Probably not, but I'm going to anyway.  This place is really fun to visit with good buddies and to get a bit of a buzz.  Will the food knock your socks off?  Probably not especially, though it certainly isn't bad food.  Is the beer ground-breaking?  Not exactly, but it tastes good, fresh, cold, and comes in large and ridiculously large (always a good choice).  Are there many other places out there where you can drink and hear live polka music?  Very few!  Enjoy the atmosphere, have a sausage, and drink a beer.  You'll feel better after you do.
5	amazing is the only word for it
2	I've only been here once, but I honestly wouldn't recommend it. The wait for a table was long, the place was packed and noisy, and the atmosphere was just annoying (loud drunk people chanting 'USA', god knows why because it's not an American-themed bar). I ordered a beer and some food, which was chicken and potatoes. Everything seemed really overpriced. When it came out, it was pretty bland and boring, except for the excitement of finding a large lump of plastic in my mashed potatoes. I alerted the wait staff who told me that the potatoes come in bags that are sliced open, and some of the cut-up plastic must have gotten into the meal. The staff were super friendly and replaced it, but it was still a bit of a let-down.Maybe it would be nicer to go in at lunch time and have a beer and a pretzel or something. For dinner though, I definitely won't be going back.
4	This review is solely on the food.  I like the schnitzel a lot - it hits the spot every time!  I also enjoyed the schweinshaxe, but it's a bit pricey.  I'm wondering what it would take to get them to serve real German pretzels, the huge ones.  The sausages are just ok.
4	LOVE this place. I had such a fun time there and I don't even drink beer. The cocktails are pretty good. The bartenders can make pretty much anything. They had some good food there as well. The table dancing was my favorite part of my night there.
2	If you like flies in your beer you will love it here.
5	Great beer  and food but cheesy set up... However very nice back patio... Overall a nice place!
5	Strictly from a tourist's perspective, I think Hofbrauhaus is excellent. I can see how for locals, it might get on your nerves a bit, but as an out-of-towner, this place hit the spot. We went there twice (embarrassing?) - the first time on a weekend night. The outdoor seating in the back was perfect for drinks and pretzels/beer cheese. We were there for a few hours, and it was relatively uncrowded (although it's huge, so there were probably a lot of people there). People really do stand on benches and sing along with the band in the inside area, but if you are looking to spend time in a place where you can hear yourself talk, the beer garden was perfect. We went back the next day for lunch, mostly because we loved the beer (the Oktoberfest is delicious) and we wanted to sit outside with a view of the river.  The food was heavy, probably not ideal for a hot summer day, but the rest of the experience was great. The whole thing is a little kitschy, what with the "authentic" (?) Bavarian outfits donned by the serving staff and the accordion player strolling around the joint. And there was a significant influx of college age club-hoppers getting their night started. Also be prepared to get ID'd at every corner regardless of your age. But honestly, none of those factors affected our experience at all - we even bought a souvenir Hofbrauhaus mug to take home.
4	Mediocre pork chops and food in general, but what it lacks in the culinary department it makes up for with FUN! You are guaranteed to a "dancing -on-the-table" kind of night on the weekends with live music, but my favorite is sitting outside on a rare not-so-humid summer night.
3	Hofbrauhaus is definitely a novelty restaurant and not somewhere I would frequent. The environment is interesting where they take on the full atmosphere of an old German beer hall. I don't even know what those would be like but I imagine that it's most similarly like this. The women were clad in scantily short skirts and dresses that really highlighted their boobs. I don't think anyone could have been safe from those...Anyway, the food. My friends got the Dunkel Bourbon Chicken and Schnitzel sandwich while I got the garden burger. First of all, it was hard enough trying to find something on the menu when everything was unpronounceable. The food itself was okay, the garden burger wasn't my taste because it seemed like they tried to put a mexican-style spin on it while still trying to keep the german flair. My friends seemed to enjoy the Schnitzel and Bourbon Chicken but the mashed potatoes were nothing special and she left the entire thing on her plate. Overall, I would definitely take someone here purely for their aesthetics but probably wouldn't come here anytime otherwise.
2	The experience of walking into this river-front homage to a traditional German bier hall feels less like my idea of Oktoberfest in Munich and more like Bill Murray's life a la Groundhog Day.  I can say this because I've been there 3-4 times and the story always plays out the same way...it's up to you to somehow drive the plot in a different direction.  Perhaps I'm missing the point...after all we return to most establishments seeking a consistent and memorable investment of our time and money...but I like to think we as Pittsburghers take more pride in our small locally owned watering holes than the same hoopla you'd find at Busch Gardens.  There is no formal parking lot at the Hofbrauhaus, just several nearby multi-level parking garages and a handful of metered spots in and around the Southside Works complex.  Chances are you'll pay something to park within walking distance.  Once inside everything seems larger than life...the tall ceilings, medieval sized tables that seat dozens, the shameless display of cleavage, and most of all...my disdain for boring and flavorless lagers.  I'll admit...I am a total beer snob...always hunting down the hoppiest of imperial IPA, but I will gladly find comfort in a nice malty dopplebock if it's available.  Alas, i've learned from the Seasonal release schedule that February is the only time of year when the style is on tap. The food is exactly what you'd hope for; variations of wursts, schnitzels, potato pancakes and pretzels as well as some "American" choices - Burgers, Salads, etc.  It's the cavalade of starch and sausage that you'd want while eating cafeteria style to the tune of Journey's "Don't stop believing" honked out on accordion.  Who doesn't like to have their meal-time conversation interrupted by yinzers of all ages shouting a mispronounced "ZICKE ZACKE"  atop the same wooden benches that make it near impossible to "shimmy" yourself out to use the restroom.  Though I've never taken part in a shot-ski...I get the appeal.  The overall sense of merriment at the Hofbrau is perfect for getting large groups together as an impersonal celebration of special events, birthdays and a place to party with absolute strangers on any given weeknight.  For my money, I'll stick to Penn Brewery to get my fix of German fare with house-made brews...but thats just me; The hop-head whose personal nightmare is accepting being just a predictable part of the crowd.
5	Mmmm......pretzels and.bier cheese [said in a Homer Simpson voice].  And of course the beer and environment are incredible.  Sitting outside on the river celebrating the start of Oktoberfest.
5	I was in town visiting some friends and they brought me to the Hofbrauhaus. It was alot of fun. It's a traditional German beer hall with the long tables, the 1 liter beer mugs, and wait staff in traditional German costume. The beer was of course great German beer made by Hofbrau and the food was excellent. I ordered a bratwurst dinner that came with mashed potatoes and sauerkraut. I thought the prices were reasonable and the service was good. We ordered pretzels for an appetizer that were perfect. The place can get loud but its expected in a German beer hall.
3	Pretzels & bier cheese + potato pancakes! Yum. The other things I have tried, including the sauerkraut balls, fried pickles, sample platter of wursts and schnitzel were just okay.I won't be back anytime soon, mainly because I prefer more intimate dining settings. I came here on a double date and we were yelling across the table because it was so loud. I guess that's part of the experience.
5	5 stars all the way!! The servers were cute in their clothing and not slutty in my opinion. I know slutty. I've been to the Tilted Kilt. The place was clean, the service was good, and it wasn't too noisy nor were people disgusting drunk. With that out of the way...The food was awesome. I heart the hell out of German food, and this did the trick. We shared the sauerkraut balls, which were scrumptious. We each had the Oktoberfest Schweinshaxe, which was colossal and amazing. It looked like a dinosaur leg!! We had leftovers for two days. It came with crackling (a southern thing too, something this southern girl knows about), potato dumpling, and more of that good sauerkraut. Dessert was the apple strudel for me, and it was superb. I don't remember having the pretzel, though. Darren hogged that. lol. I also loved the Prince Ludwig beer. All in all, Hofbrahaus is a great addition to South Side Works.
5	Are you kidding me? THIS PLACE IS AWESOME. I thought I was dreaming, but when I woke up in a bier cheese stained shirt, sore legs from dancing on tables, and had the smell of beer on my breath - I knew that I had in fact experienced heaven. Unfortunately though, I awoke still not having a clue as to who the f*** Alice is. And that's ok with me because I will be back a million times more to chant her name anyway.
5	Ok so I gave this place five stars based on it's atmosphere and it's unique look inside and outside the building. Also for its awesome beer selection. The food is mediocre at best at least that's my opinion. They have a band here at night and its located in a very nice and safe area which is in the South Side Works of Pittsburgh. I recommend going at least once to try out their huge 52 ounce glass of beer it's 10 bucks by so worth it.
5	We went here 3 days in a row, they had a keg tapping on Thursday night.  What a great place, man it was awesome.  I've been to the Munchen and Vegas one and as soon as I realized there was one here we were like, "3 nights straight we're coming here!"
5	best food , best beer , ever!   hands down.   and i'm not just a casual go-out-to-eater.  I eat out almost every day.   this is the best .   the best.   try the hefeweizen and the sauerbraugten .
5	Went here during Octoberfest with a bunch of close friends where we all had a blast. Best part was everyone was on top of their bench singing along with the band! Traditional beer garden with excellent seating both outdoor and indoor.
5	How did I miss this place. It's is much like Munich and is a close as you can get to an Octoberfest celebration this side of the pond. Good German food and good service. Last night they had open seating which was fun for us and we got a chance to share a table with some folks who were a blast. We ate and a German band was setting up in traditional garb. They had two accordions in the band and I figured we were in for an evening of traditional German beer hall music - I was way wrong. These old guys were doing cover songs! Great sing along songs which were great. If you just want to sit and eat quietly don't sit in the main hall. In a few minutes everyone was standing on their chairs singing and dancing. It was a blast. Oh and the beer - great German variety and it was excellent.
3	I can understand how it must be terrible waiting on 25 people at once.  But maybe you should hire more staff. The servers are all miserable and will not hesitate to yell at sober people for a harmless misconception. With everyone standing on tables and trying to be merry despite the bad service and over priced items it's easy to misconstrue the standing policy. DONT STAND ON THE TABLES OR ELSE THE WRATH OF GOD WILL FALL UPON YOU. To the owners, perhaps hire more staff and provide incentive programs. They are all overly miserable. Even asking where the bathroom is will warrant an eye roll. Also, if my friend asks for a light beer that doesn't automatically mean that I would like one also. At least allow me to order what I would actually like to purchase before telling me I owe you five and some change for a mere 16 oz (estimate). Thanks to the one server that did take care of us, I could tell you were overwhelmed and you did excellent for that. The beer is good, however the service makes it hard to tolerate. Won't be back. Oh yeah, the lack of toilet paper in the ladies room is absolutely disgusting.
3	When you're in the mood for some Kitschy-coup, this is definitely the place for you!I've not been into 'theme parks' for a very long time. Their appeal wore off when they became totally commercialized pre-fab 'facades' of 'fun'. I also lost my tastes for malls years ago when they robbed our country of that hometown real main street experience, and the demise of mom and pop businesses. To me, places like the South Side Works, and the businesses contained therein really aren't much different than a mall attempt at 'themeing' the small town neighborhood business strip at a theme park. Like Disney's 'Small Town USA' - pretty, painted 'sets' with the same ol' chains disguised as 'unique'.For the holiday, my neighbors and I headed out for something 'different', for a Christmas eve day lunch, and thanks to an Amazon special deal of the day, we ended up in pseudo Bavaria in the pseudo mall/pseudo small town America village that used to be an actual source of viable income for the local 'steel' community.Fun for a couple of hours when you're in the mood for the Germany beer hall ride, complete with the oom-pa-pa music and sing alongs. Only there are no worries about keeping your arms inside the car, and securing your safety bar.Now, I must admit, where most places that attempt to 'theme' something in the burgh usually fall flat on their faces, Hofbrau Haus hits the nail on the head, and takes it ALL the way, from the decor, to the menu, the santa-in-lederhosen one man band, and the gals with the push up bras that make their cleavage appear on the verge of exploding. The menu is ALL German. Now, having grown up with German as a part of my ethnic heritage, that variety of Eastern European food has never been a favorite. The very smell of fried cabbage was enough to make me gag, and I just kind of grew up to appreciate a wider variety of flavors and spices. I only had one relative who WAS a good cook, and even she lost me on halushki. (her side was more slovak than German).Now, all of that being said...Hofbrau Haus WAS a somewhat fun escape for an afternoon, and the food WAS pretty good, albeit a tad pricey (just a tad, not excruciatingly).For three adults and one child, we split the appetizer platter, which contained fresh made pretzels, fried pickles, fried Sauerkraut balls, and a large potato pancake, accompanied by honey mustard, ranch dressing, applesauce and Bier Cheese as dipping sauces. It was plentiful, tasty, and unique in the flavor combos.I had a hard time choosing from the entrees. Every time I read the ingredient lists I cringed when I saw 'fried cabbage', or onions in any way, shape, or form. At first I was flip flopping between a burger and something called the Hofbrau Hot Brown, which was turkey and ham served on a potato pancake topped with swiss cheese, homemade bier cheese, tomato, bacon and parmesan cheese -  and then everyone pointed out that I could get a burger anywhere (and frankly, why kitsch it up, when the real thing is at Winghart's?), so then it became a flip flop between the Hot brown and the Hofbrauhaus Wurstlplatte which was grilled bierwurst, bratwurst, and frankfurter served with sauerkraut and mashed potatoes.  I ended up opting for the Hot brown based on price.My neighbors got the Heidelberger Rahm Spatzle - Pulled Chicken And Spatzle sauteed with caramelized onions and field mushrooms tossed into a marsala cream sauce, and a wurst dish that was kind of similar in ingredients to the hot brown. For the little one, well, pizza and fries, of course.The Hot Brown arrived, and although it was a LOT smaller than I expected it to be, it really was very tasty. VERY cheesey creamy. Much larger in portion, so much so that my neighbor couldn't eat it all, thus allowing for extras to be passed around, the Spatzle was yummy too, though I did regret the onions later. They each had some kind of funky beer, which would never appeal to me (beer just reminds me of recreational drinkers, red necks and frat boys), and though I opted for Diet Coke, they were Pepsi people, so I ended up with iced tea.There were drinking songs being sung in addition to the holiday songs, with glasses clanking and a few hoots and hollers (and yodels) here and there, adding to a kind of mish-mash of holiday revelry and plain ol' beer hall drinking revelers. At 2 in the afternoon, however, there wasn't any dancing on tables.The service staff was very capable and helpful, from the man who greeted us at the front door, to the waitress who took care of us.All in all, it was a quite pleasant escape from 'the usual'. I just can't say it's an escape I'd add to my calendar for a regular visit though. It would indeed be a rare craving for this kind of amusement park atmosphere, for a guy with a not-so-strong desire for German food OR beer. But, again, that being said - even the guy who doesn't have a taste for any of that managed to have an enjoyable afternoon and meal, with good company
4	Wonderful food & great service. Not sure if reservations are possible, but try to call ahead. Fun atmosphere and delicious good if you are a fan of German cuisine, which I am. Was looking forward to some cucumber salad or bloodwurst but alas it is not in the menu. Oh - great beer too! Will make this a regular stop when in PA in the future!!
4	Pittsburgh is lucky to have a Hofbrauhaus. I wish we had this establishment in Jersey. It just made every beer garden I know a boring joke. This place is legit--complete with staff members with outfits, live accordion music, and well, of course, German food and lots and lotsa beer. It's such a fun place. The food's pretty good and affordable and so as the drinks. I'm totally a fan.
4	I have been here waiting for my family for an hour and a half and the staff have been nothing but accommodating, patient, and kind.
5	What is not to love?   Excellent food, excellent service, entertaining music!  Sing loud with your beer in the air, stay late and dance on a table.  Celebrate with a "shot"-ski.  Great time every time I have gone.  Only con is it's pricey.   We love this place!
4	We were seated at the enclosed terrace, which was adorable with lights all over the ceiling. It would be a great place to sit at in the spring/summer when you can enjoy the breeze and look out over the lake. When I looked at the menu, I didn't even bother trying to pronounce the names because I knew I'd butcher it and embarrass myself in front of the server. I pointed to the Bayerischer Schweinsbraten, which was pork roast with a potato dumpling and sauerkraut, while my boyfriend got the Schnitzel Weiner Art, which was breaded pork cutlet with cranberry sauce, potato salad, and cabbage. Both dishes were delicious and the meats were just really tender and flavorful. I loved the potato sides from both dishes; the potato dumpling was really savory and flavorful while the potato salad had soft chunks that had a sweet tinge to them. You have to end your meal with the Apfel Strudel (apple strudel with vanilla and raspberry sauce ) and vanilla ice cream on the side.  It's not too heavy and it's great to share with someone else!The food here is solid and you really can't go wrong by coming here.
5	I love this place on weekends. The ambiance is great. Food is ok ok, but the beer is great.
5	I can't say enough about this place! Authentic German cuisine, but also a variety of dishes with an American twist. It took me an hour to decide what to order because there were so many great dishes on the menu.The service was outstanding. Our server, Dana, was friendly, funny, and helpful. Her recommendations were right on and she was very attentive. This is the best restaurant I've experienced in a very long time.
4	This place was great.  I wasn't expecting the food to be good or to find much activity on a late Thursday night.I walked in (after a visit to REI) and found a seat right away.  Within 45 minutes, though, there was a big crowd, people were dancing on the tables and there was a great, fun environment.And, the food WAS delicious!
5	Great place to have beer and food!!! I really enjoyed myself especially with the live entertainment.
4	This place is always fun on the weekends. I always get their hefeweizen full liter. There's usually entertainment inside and during the summer they have a great outdoor area. I was lucky enough to do a shot ski before they got rid of them and it was quite the experience.
4	Carbs aplenty...with a side of meat! Tasty German food, but my favorite thing are the pretzels with the cheese sauce....love them! This place has a few different dining atmospheres. There is the big hall, with long tables and communal benches where I have seen people dancing on the tables and singing along with the musician. There is also a more traditional dining room area. Then, there is an outdoor beer garden, which is pretty great when the weather is nice- umbrellas, a river view, and tables for both smaller and bigger groups, so it's a great place to bring a crowd. No worries about having 'everyone in your party present in order to be seated.' They are totally cool with people coming and going.The service is good. Even out in the beer garden, servers come by to check on you frequently, which is good if people keep coming and going from your big group....or if people decide they are hungry at different times.  Now, the beer....I'm more of a cocktail girl, but everyone here seems to enjoy the beer choices...and the sizes. They offer beers in the liter and half-liter size. There is something enjoyable about hefting a weighty 1L glass....this beer is no joke, though. Once, while passing through the indoor hall, someone vomited right in front of me. So, watch out for those liter beers. They pack a punch, and not everyone handles it well.One final note - the outfits the waitresses wear make me feel like a bad feminist for patronizing this place, but I do it anyway.
1	Stopped in here for a beer and snack after a bike ride on the first nice spring day this year. Was hoping they would have the marzen on tap since it was March. No marzen on tap, they were still serving the February beer at the end if march, my half liter had a good inch plus of head, so did every other beer I watched the bartender pour. This is a beerhouse, you'd think they would know how to pour a beer. On top if that the beer wasn't even cold, just slightly lower than room temp. The pretzels I got were about on par with those frozen soft pretzels you can buy at the grocery store. I paid $10 for the pretzels and $5 for the half liter. Penn brewery is much better than this place, if you want a good German beer house experience go there. This place is more of a German themed Applebee's, if that.
4	This place is a German-enthusiast dream come true.  It's a great escape from the typical restaurant scene with fun-loving music and all the lederhosen you can handle.Situated right along the river on the South Side of Pittsburgh, the place offers a great beer hall indoors, patio seating outside, and a lovely bier garden below - each perfect for any group or family looking to enjoy a fun night out.It's pretty good eats, if you like German-style food, with some darn good beer to wash it all down.  If you're looking for a "different than the norm" dining experience in a spirited atmosphere with plenty of beer - this is the place.As the Germans say...Prost!  Enjoy!
4	This place just took me by surprise. The ambience was outstanding. The staff were all dressed up and really friendly. The drinks and food were good. The place is not highly priced. I would highly recommend this place for a drink. Cheers!
4	Hofbrauhaus is a whole lot of fun.  Servers in costume, a beer hall, and gigantic beers.  If you are in the mood for a non-quiet meal, you should definitely sit in the beer hall.  They have live entertainment (on most days I think) in a wide open seating area.  If you want something a little more peaceful, the patio is nice and has a decent view over the river.Pretty much everything on the menu is either meaty or deep fried so this is not the place for trying to eat something light, but as long as you are not, everything is delicious.  If you have people to share with and plenty of appetite, the sampler plates are a good way to try a variety of foods - they have them for appetizers, wursts, and entrees.  The beer is great too, and comes in 1 liter steins (they also have 1/2 liters, if you don't want that much).With tasty German food, beer, and a unique atmosphere, Hofbrauhaus is definitely worth a visit.
5	I cannot emphasize enough how awesome this place is. Traditional German beer hall. The food is outstanding, I've never had a bad meal. The bier cheese needs to be tried. Beer, let's be honest, this is why you come here. Two sizes, liter (as big as your head), half liter. All brewed on premise. 4 always on tap (my favorite is the Dunkel) and a monthly beer. The staff is also a blast. From the rocking house band, to the polite wait staff, to the imposing security, everyone is nice as can be. Get up and jam. You can dance on the benches until your legs can't hold you up, but stay off the tables. I recommend this as a stop anytime you visit Pittsburgh. When you are there, ask for Big Andy and tell him Neil said hi.
5	Awesomely authentic German bier!
5	If you order a liter you can get a brand new liter glass for only $10!  Super fun place! Bier cheese and soft pretzels are as good as it gets!  Definitely good German food.  Bartenders are awesome and super friendly.This place gets off the chain nuts on the weekend at night!
5	This place was awesome! I was visiting my boyfriends family in Pittsburgh and trying to think of places to go during the day when he suggested we go here and sit outside and have a beer. We had a great time! We went on a saturday afternoon and it was a great place to go on a gorgeous day. The beer was delicious and so much fun to drink a whole liter from a humongous glass. We did not do much eating, but am definitely looking forward to coming back here!
3	Got here late and had a 32 oz of the dunkel. Good German style beer. The bartenders only let you buy one at a time which is lame. The live band plays Ein Prosit about every 25 minutes but stupidly ends it with the Australian cheer.We stood on the benches of the tables, had soft pretzels with beer cheese which is really good though not traditional. This place is a sad imitation of the real thing. Tourist trap.
4	Great authentic food and atmosphere.  Great beers!
5	Ah, a bit of Deutschland here in USA. Beer is good (duh), food it depends on what you order. I was born in Germany and raised off schnitzels and wursts so I may be overcritical on some of their items, but the weiss wurst and sauerbraten are pretty good. What makes this place a great hang out for me is the biergarten .... 1. Awesome view 2. Lots of seats 3. Bathrooms close (lots of beer = lots of trips) 3. I can smoke cigars 4. great scenery. Inside is load with music and people dancing. Always amusing to watch and take in the atmosphere. I plan on spending time here for the World Cup for sure.
4	It might just be the almost-summer, almost perfect weather. but the patio at the Hofbrauhaus was a perfect place to spend an afternoon with two beers and two plates of good food. My love of German food is well-documented here, and we made good choices in the Weisswurst platter and the pretzel sandwich with ham and beir cheese -  both were uncomplicated and delicious.  I might have liked it a little less if I sat inside where the music was louder and the atmosphere generally kitschier, but on a summer afternoon, the patio suited me just fine - I'm looking forward to a return visit.
4	I get to visit the Pittsburgh area about 6 times a year.  Each time I am in town, I want to be here.  Its just a fun place with a fun atmosphere, Oh and the beer is great as well.  I've had some of the food, but I will leave it to others to review the cuisine.  And as far as the different beers go, I think they have something for all tastes.  What I want to get across with my review is the atmosphere here.  I have been there later in the evening when all are just drinking there liter beers and singing along to various tunes including some German ones.  You instantly feel transported to Oktoberfest.  It is something that is hard to replicate but they get it done.On my last trip here I actually got to sit outside in the Biergarten area.  Incredible.  It was a gorgeous day, so that played a huge part and the river behind you just adds to the Euro feeling.  However, they have a large bar out there, plenty of tables with umbrellas and waitresses.  Oh and the restrooms are close by.You will not be disappointed coming to the Hofbrauhaus.  I just wish I could stop by more.
5	Just like Munich... love their good and brewed German beer. Eat and drink in the beer hall, the beer gardens with German music and atmosphere...our fine in quietness in the dining hall. Love this place.
4	Very fun if you are looking to pay attention to the band and not your group mates!  Dance on your seat if you have the gumption!
5	This is a must stop if in Pittsburgh.  Great pretzel, plenty of beer to choose from.  The only thing I wasn't able to do was go here on a weekend night.  I was there on a Monday before a Pirates game.  Not many people there.  Great location, right on the water.  Friendly staff.  Seats 800 and I was told they get to standing room only on the weekends.
5	Went here on a Tuesday night after Germany beat Brazil in a 2014 World Cup match.  The night was very comfortable so we sat outside along the river.  We had the Hofbrau Hefe Weizen beer, the Bavarian Jagerschnitzel and a Dunkel Bourbon Chicken Sandwich.  All were excellent.  The service was efficient and attentive.  My son who is attending school in Pittsburgh said he was definitely coming back with his friends.  The price seemed very reasonable less than $90 for three.
5	Soo I definitely wasn't expecting the whole Oktoberfest feel when I went in there. This is the first thing I did when entering Pittsburgh.  There was live music and the whole place was buzzing. I loved every second of it and the food was great. The Hefeweizen might have been the best I have ever had and the Bier Cheese served with soft pretzels was fantastic!! Highly recommend to anyone who wants some authentic German cuisine or is looking for a fun atmosphere with their meal.
5	It was love at first sip! The Hafbru Hefe Weizen is my favorite beer here. I've never been a big fan of banana flavor until I enjoyed this beer. The banana flavor is distinct but not over powering. The hint of clover brings about a balance that allows this beer to not be too sweet. This is a savoring beer. Kick back and enjoy!
4	Great beer (especially their Dunkel , a dark lager), good Oompah band for music, good service.  The sauerkraut and ham ball appetizers, the fried pickles, soft pretzels and potato pancakes were delicious.  The wait was 75 minutes so we didn't stay for dinner.  If you want camaraderie singing along to Sweet Caroline while drinking a good brew than this is the place for you.
5	I had lunch there today.  The pretzel sandwich was very good.  Very german atmosphere.
4	My wife and I (along with our one year old daughter) had a wonderful family meal there while sitting in the outside area facing the "Mon" river. We arrived at about 5 PM and were seated without waiting and had a high chair waiting for us at the table. It was a perfect place to take our child because it is loud, even outside.My wife and I each started with a beer (The Hef and Pils) and were pleasantly surprised by the taste. We sampled the three different dipping sauces for the soft pretzels and found them all to be very delicious. Finally, we split a wedge salad and the dunked chicken sandwich. Both meals were prepared well and served promptly. All of the service was perfect and the pacing of the meal was slightly slower than you might expect for a chain restaurant, which we both appreciated. I would recommend this restaurant for families and would say that on top of being family friendly it is also wallet friendly.Cheers!
4	The food was very good . The service was good too. I couldn't believe how cheap the beer was.  My boyfriend and i had some sort of German chilly fries which was really good.  We also had the giant pretzel.  So good.
5	Great spot on the Mon!  Excellent beer and food. We are regulars here and service has consistently been very good. Check out the steinmaster club and get your own locker. Pork Porterhouse and Schnitzels are the way to go!
4	Everything about  hof brau was fantastic.   Atmosphere, great outside seating.   Even inside is a cool experience - was their during the World Cup and it was a blast. Brat, sauerkraut, potato pancakes - everything we ordered was bring home good.  Beers were cold and fresh out of the barrel.   Can't wait to go back.
4	People like to complain that the food is not the most authentic, but that is not why you go here, you go for the food, the shotski and the ambiance.  If you took time to stop complaining about how authentic the food is, you would realize that the food they have is actually pretty darned good.  I have always enjoyed their schnitzels.  The shank is very good.  THe apple desert is delicious.  And you can not beat the singing!
3	The food is nothing special but I will keep coming back for the beer.  The Hefeweizen is my personal favorite.  I am not that into the band or the raucousness going on in the main room but I do enjoy hanging out in the beer garden.  It is a great place to take a break from a bike ride.
4	Brought my family (group of 9) here for a nice dinner on the patio- great idea! They can accommodate large groups and there is plenty of beer to go around! The atmosphere is true to what you would find over in Germany- loud and boisterous! If you're not into loud music and chanting- sit on the patio- you'll be glad you did! The view is spectacular! The food was also nice- ordered schnitzel sandwich and potato pancakes.
5	I love going to this restaurant, they have a lot of great outside dining available right along side the river so its a great view!   I prefer the outside dining to inside because it gets very loud inside, its hard to hold a conversation.  Great German food dishes , and for someone that doesnt like German food they also have some american food like hamburgers.  Great for beer lovers, too!
3	We stopped in on a Friday night. There was a band playing and at first the music seemed sooooo loud! The band seemed really cool. They were dressed in I'm assuming what would be German attire yet played everything from 'Twist & Shout' to even "newer" things such as Fun's 'We Are Young'. After a few sips of beer, you feel like a regular and start dancing around.. whether it's standing on your bench dancing like 70% of the restaurant (all age ranges too!) or just sitting there enjoying the music and bobbing your head (like me!) hahaBobby, a friend of ours & I ended up coming here for a late dinner. We ordered beer first and hung out enjoying ourselves. We all ordered the Dunkel which is the dark one. Everyone ordered the liter except for me.. I barely can finish a can of beer at home. The Dunkel was good, but I guess I'm personally not a big fan of dark beer.. Everyone else really enjoyed theirs. It's not heavy and can easily be "chugged" lol For the next round, I asked the server for a suggestion on a lighter beer. He suggested the Hefe Weizen. I can't really described it, but it's very refreshing with a citrus aftertaste. I REALLY enjoyed it. We ordered "The Works" as an appetizer. It had a few regular sized pretzels, fried sauerkraut, fried pickles & potato pancakes. The appetizer also came with a size of beer cheese, ranch, honey mustard & apple sauce(I believe that was for the potato pancakes) It was nice to sample everything.. LOVE the beer cheese. After enjoying some beers and sharing the appetizer, we were full and didn't order regular food items. Our friend did order a buger and fries though. To sum it up, it was a really fun time but i'm sure the loud atmosphere is not for everyone. I want to head back when there isn't a band to see what it's like.
3	I like the set up and the high ceilings--really adds to the old German beer hall atmosphere. Hofbrauhaus really strives to set itself apart from the other restaurants in Pittsburgh and it definitely earns its gold star for being quite unique. I also really like the outside seating and the view of the river. Great location! I don't like beer in general so I didn't order their beer. When it comes to the food and service, however, I thought it's a bit on the lacking side. Our waitress was rude and impatient. I'm not familiar with German food or language, so of course sifting through the menu took longer than wanted. The waitress got a bit snappy when I asked her to explain some items on the menu. I ended up ordering the Ofenfrischer Leberkase, which came with a slice of meatloaf, a fried egg on top and some German potatoes. The meatloaf straight up tasted like processed meat with the rubbery consistency of cheap hotdogs. The potatoes were okay and fried egg tasted like fried egg. I did not enjoy my meal. Overall, I respect the effort and creative attempt to imitate a German beer hall. The rating I'm giving is a very reluctant 3 for the concept. When it comes to the actual food, I don't think this place lives up to all the hype. I recommend Hofbrauhaus as a place to try for the experience, but definitely not a place I will return to satisfy my taste buds.
3	Whew. Wow. So, lemme get right to it.I went to college in Pittsburgh but moved away from the city in 2010. When this place opened, it was THE PLACE to go on a Friday or Saturday night. The music, the big tables, the big beers, the bier cheese pretzels....Flash forward to last month when I was back in town for a college friend's wedding. My boyfriend and I came here on a Thursday night with two other friends. The weather was nice, and we opted to eat outside. The place was already pretty crowded, and it was only about 5:00 or 6:00pm. I'm not big on German food, and I ate here a couple times in college, but I had never gotten the ham and cheese sandwich on a pretzel bun, which is what I got this time. Wow! What a great sandwich!!!My meal was really good. The boys ordered a little too much food for themselves and couldn't finish it all, but we all ate a really good dinner. My boyfriend, who had never been to Pgh, LOVED this place.After dinner, we stayed for quite awhile, and as the night progressed, we felt so much more out of place! We definitely felt like the old people in the place, and we're only in our late 20s!I guess in the recent past, Hofbrauhaus has gotten into trouble with how they serve their alcohol, so they've gotten REALLY strict about when they'll serve you another beer, and they DON'T do shot skis anymore. We were ID'd when we walked in, by our server, and each time at the bar, too. We didn't get angry about it, though, cause we definitely saw some people that we gave questioning looks--they looked like college freshmen...Anyway, we had a great time, but we were all much more sober than we EVER were when we came here in college, so that's why I only gave it three stars this time. I guess it'll just never live up to the memories I have here in 2008-2010 :-)
3	When this place first opened, I thought it was heaven on earth. But after my first ten visits the novelty has worn off. The food is ok, and the service is hit or miss. If you have friends in town that have never been, it's definitely worth taking them to the hofbrauhaus.
3	Good beer. Good pretzels with bier cheese. Good environment. All in all, a good place for some German grub and drinks. On the other hand, this place definitely attracts the rowdier crowd. With it's long, shared tables, raucous clientele, and live music on the weekends it's not an environment for the faint of heart.
4	Live music, fast and polite service, delicious food. I went with Hofbrauhaus Wurstlplatte (grilled bierwurst, bratwurst and frankfurter with mashed potatoes and sauerkraut). Very fresh, cooked to perfection. Also, I went with a sampler of their draft beers. I did like their premium lager but other beers seemed flat to me.
3	I came here last night for a private party.  Because this wasn't the standard setup, there wasn't table service--rather, food was served in a buffet line and drinks were served at the bar.  Most of the available food was fried (not sure if this is the case for the regular menu).  I tried the pretzels with bier cheese, fried sauerkraut balls, fried pickles, and fried chicken nugget things (they probably have an actual name, but I don't know what it is).  The first thing I noticed was how extremely salty all of the food was.  This was particularly true of the pretzels, and the source was the bier cheese, surprisingly.  Indeed, it became so overwhelmingly salty that by my second pretzel, I started using the Gulden's mustard at the table to cut it, which helped tremendously.  Quite frankly, due to this problem, I was disappointed in the pretzels and cheese, which I'd heard was HBH's signature appetizer.  My favorite of the foods that I tried was the sauerkraut balls, which were still salty, but at least had some tanginess due to the vinegar.  The chicken and pickles were pretty nondescript.  There was also apple strudel for dessert, which was okay, but not great.Not surprisingly, I was thirsty after eating all of the extremely salty food, so I ordered a cherry cosmopolitan to wash it down.  I did really enjoy this drink, which was quite delicious and refreshing after all the salt I'd just ingested.  While I'm aware that most people come to HBH for the beer, I'm not a beer drinker, so I was a bit concerned that only beer would be available for drinks.  However, I was pleasantly surprised by the breadth of the drink menu, which included several cocktails, shots, and wines in addition to the beer.As others have commented, aside from the beer, the ambiance is what really defines HBH.  There was live music playing most of the time I was there, which consisted of a (strange) mix of traditional German songs and covers of '80's music.  Many of the attendees got into singing the covers and did the whole standing on the bench thing, which was fun.  Because of this, it was quite loud in the beer hall most of the time, but I was able to escape this when I tired of it by going out to the balcony, which has a nice view of the river.Like Mad Mex, HBH is a theme restaurant that people come to to have a rowdy good time with the help of some liquid libation.  However, also like Mad Mex, the quality of the food leaves something to be desired, so don't go there expecting a great meal.  I'm glad I experienced it once, but I wouldn't go out of my way to return unless a group of my friends wanted to come.
3	Super packed on weekend nights. Great beer with lots of choices!... If you can get to the bar.  There was a very long line for the bar tonight so we each only had two drinks within about 2 hours.  Didn't eat here, only went for drinks but the food looked like standard pub food. Exciting atmosphere, even a live band tonight!
3	I'm a beer loving girl.  Ever since I was a child I would steal a sip of my dad's frosty mug when he wasn't looking.  Now that I'm an adult and of legal drinking age, visiting Hofbrauhaus Pittsburgh I'm allowed to have a liter of beer,  or as I call it "beer as big as your face,  without the lecture. With an accordion player dressed in lederhosen and women with corsets pushing up their assets, you feel like you've been transported on a European vacation.  German comfort food is on the menu with a little American flair. It's a destination spot - obviously I bring my Dad every time he visits Pittsburgh to make up for all of those stolen beers over the years.Typically the only food I order are Bavarian pretzels and bier cheese.  The food isn't the best, but the beer makes me nostalgic.  If you're looking to get the full experience,  stop by on the first Wednesday of the month - its keg tapping day!  New beer is unveiled,  a parade of men and women playing instruments and waving flags while bringing out the first new keg of the month.  If you arrive early enough (say 6pm) you can get a table and stand in line for a free first taste of the beer.  That tower of mugs will be filled with a frothy brew and I'll have a big smile on my face.If you're looking for something off the beaten path and feel a bit parched,  fill your mug up with some bier at Hofbrauhaus.  PROST!
5	My boyfriend is a brewer and I'm a restaurant manager/ bartender. The only thing better than the beer was the service! Rob the bartender is great and everyone was so friendly. Giant pretzel with beer cheese is the perfect bar snack. Go here!
4	Best German potato saladLovely atmosphereGreat serversBeer Bier cheese greatWould come back
5	The wife & I were in town for a concert and our friend recommended this place. We arrived on Saturday, shortly after they opened at 11:00. There was only one party ahead of us in the entire place.  The restaurant resembles a German bier haus, which my wife & I loved.  Waitress was very nice. We started with the beer sampler, five beers for $6.95. The beer is okay, nothing to brag about. We enjoyed the Octoberfest beer and the Dunkel.  We moved on to the sauerkraut balls. These things were awesome. If you are not offended by sauerkraut, you must try these. I then ordered the Hofbrauhaus Wurstlplatte and substituted sauerkraut for regular spaetzle. This is my third German restaurant and I finally found out the right way, how spaetzle is supposed to taste. The sausage was all very good. The wife got the Schnitzel Weiner Art.  The portion was huge so I was able to steal some of her food and it was fantastic. This place is great and cannot wait to return. We came for Judas Priest but loved the Hofbrauhaus...
5	We love going Saturday and seeing the Bavarian Brats! Always try to grab a table up front, it's just not the same at the bar or at a booth in the front room. Just squeeze your way in if you want to have a fun night. Thursday night is college night and I hear the specials are great (half off beer.)I recommend a stein of any beer, they're all good, especially the hefeweizen and any seasonal specials, and the appetizer sample plate, which has a ton of snacks to share for cheap. I'm always surprised at how cheap you can spend an entire night here.
5	Probably the best restaurant and bar in Pittsburgh. There is nothing else like it, everything is authentic German themed and the food as well as their beer is delicious. The atmosphere and live music makes for a fun and entertaining time.
5	Awesome Sauerbraten. Simply put this is a great place with great food. Good beer and wonderful staff.This is my second time here and if I lived in Pittsburgh I'd be a regular. It's worth driving 50 miles for.The strudel is straight from Germany and worth saving room for. Get the vanilla bean ice cream and you'll be happy. If your only here for a day, eat here. Unless you just flew in from Germany.
4	I was there for the pork shank but unfortunately I'm told they didn't do it that day (or it was sold out, I don't remember). So I ordered a half chicken with cabbage and potato on the side. The portion is HUGE. I couldn't finish. Even though I was able to eat what I wanted but I enjoyed the chicken as well as the friendly and relaxing ambience. Good place for meeting group of friends.
3	Food was good, waitress was attentive, but nothing noteworthy.For a slow Sunday night, we sat in the "quiet" hall that faces the road.  When the room is large and currently seating only 4 other parties, its furstrating to sit so close to others when the rest of the room (out of ear shot) is going to waste.They definitely need to adjust the thermostat.. A 40ish degree night in Pittsburgh dictates furnace usage, not expecting patrons to sit and enjoy their meal whole wearing their coats.
4	So this place had its pros and cons but if you are going out for a fun night and are in the mood for beer and music this place is a blast! You can get a huge pint glass of beer and stand on the chairs while listening to an adorable band of older gentleman playing new music as well as the classics like edelweiss. The pretzels are good but soo salty. I suggest about 1/10th of the salt.
1	Disappointing. Come here if you like extremely crowded and loud places, mediocre, heavy food, and staff that only care about their next table. This place has forgetten what it means to respect each customer's business, even those trying to enjoy a family visit - since it doesn't have to.
3	Looks like a great summer hangout.  Unfortunately, we went late on a cool Monday evening, so not exactly peak time.  We went too late for the kitchen to be opened (and missed out on the free birthday item), and so I didn't look too hard for vegan items on the menu, but it looked heavy on sausages, so perhps not too promising. I choose a dark German beer - Dunkel - but it proved to be pretty bad, and left a nasty aftertaste (dish water, anyone?) - not at all what I expected from a German, and for this reason I can only give it 3 stars.  The birthday girl had a Manhattan, and that was much cheaper than you might pay elsewhere, so that was a surprise.  Would I go back?  Probably, but I'd be trying a different beer for sure, perhaps the monthly special.  But avoid the dark one.
5	My husband and I went here for a family party while we were in Pittsburgh over Thanksgiving.  We loved it!    We came in the afternoon because we thought it would be really difficult to get a table at night.   We were a party of 18.   First off  there is every beer imaginable.  You can get the 1 liter stein and purchase it or get a regular size mug.   They also have a full bar.   My husband got the large stein.purchased it.  We both got the 3 brats with saurkrat and potatoes but I substituted a potato pancake for the mashed potatoes.  They bring a basket of large pretzels with bier cheese to start.  The food is good, but it's the atmosphere that makes it fun.   We got there too early for the band, but they had an accordian player there who kept things lively by taking requests for toasts and offfering toasts.  It was a fun afternoon,
5	Super fun place. You order beer by the liter, need I say more??? The pretzels and beer cheese dip are incredible!  Fun, authentic music and style, all house made brews with a great selection. We were told it would be a half hour wait, but were able to leave our number and get a text when our table was ready. It didn't even take the 10 mins before we got the text. Our waitress, Kimmy arrived right away and was friendly and quick to smile.A couple of liters of beer later, bellies full, you can't beat that feeling.
3	A great place to go with large groups of people. Adequate bar food, decent beer, fun entertainment, attentive service. The history is interesting, but the presence of a gift shop adds to the off-putting feeling of fairly obvious American over-commercialization.
4	Highly recommended from the locals to go for the experience.  I must say, I wasn't disappointed.  Great looking environment inside and even though I went on a slow Monday night in the middle of December, the place looked like it could be a lot of fun when it's busy.
4	Great beer, unbelievable atmosphere!
5	When the whole crew loves a place it is a huge win. German food was great (Gulaschsuppe, Schnitzel, Weiss Wurst, cabbage, pierogies), local food was also good (Pittsburg Salad), and their take on other foods (nachos) were just terrific. Did not try the beer but would go out of our way to come here for the food.
3	OK so I went here late at night at about 12 am on a Friday night right after checking out the Interview over at the theater across the st.The security of this place is absolutely crazy, which makes sense given that when we went all the college kids were off from school, meaning party time.... which is basically what we walked into after showing our IDs to the bouncer. By this time the restaurant area was blocked off and it was just the main bar - beer hall area. They had a cover band playing what you would expect a band to play at a frat party all while wearing leaderhosen.  Most of the patrons were standing on benches and dancing around. Which in a way was kind of unexpected as I would think they stand when singing drinking songs not, Neil Diamon or AC/DC. Anyway, we walked on to the bar and waited a few to put in our beer order. While waiting one of the patrons tried to cut in front of us, but fortunately the bartender noted this and totally blew the guy off for a bit. Also prior to making our drink order, the bartender asked once again for our ID. Given the high number of college/possibly HS kids I totally got it... and also felt bad for the wait staff as a lot of the patrons seemed just so douchey.  We got our beer right away which was delicious... what you would expect from Hofbrauhaus. Now as we were enjoying our beer we enjoyed the people watching, which was quite entertaining.  After our one beer, we left, as it definitely is not a place for conversation. More of a place to get trashed. Now, I really don't know if this is the normal scene, but I was not that impressed. I will also say we didn't try any of their food, which is something we plan to do when it gets warmer as they have really nice outdoor seating overlooking the river.
1	I used to always come here but probably won't anymore. I ordered a big beer for $9.25 and paid a cash tip to the bartender. When the charge went through on my account it came up as $19.25. Apparently someone wrote in a $10 dollar tip on the charge slip. When I called to get it refunded the manager was rude about it and when I stated "My beer was only $9, why would I tip $10?" She said rudely, "Well I would because I am in the service industry." Seriously? Come on. The next manager that got on the phone was pleasant and refunded me quickly. Not saying this will happen to everyone but it's definitely something to look out for.
3	This is a weird place. I went with my brother and sister in law over Christmas and our friends didn't know they had to reserve a table beforehand. We put out name on the list and stood around drinking, singing with the band, going to the patio for those who smoked, and closed the place but never did get a table. Never ever. No table for us, so no food ordered or paid for. Just beer. I was glad they cut you off after so many beers, because one of our party had gotten her hands on an extra one after she was cut off and thrown out. (She needed to be thrown out.) But then she broke her leg out front. Crazy night, and I would've liked to try the food but won't be back. Once was enough.
3	The beer is good, yet the food is underwhelming. My husband really loves the beer, a redeeming quality, but otherwise this place is a 2 star in my book. The service was slow when we went, the food didn't come fast or hot. I'll avoid my snobbery, but as someone that is of German descent, and has visited Germany, all of the food we tried is a sad representation. I know most people are interested in the experience, which Hofbrauhaus provides, but if you're interested in delicious German food, find a grandma and save yourself heartbreak.
