5	With all the bad reviews the Chandler salon has gotten, I have to say I love the salon at the Borgata! Not only is the salon so cute with its Baroque style decor and all the fun accessories to browse through, the service is excellent. I love my stylist, Nyssa! She transforms my long straight heavy hair into light, bouncy supermodel hair which I get so many complements from, the second I leave her magic chair. I wish I had her at home!I can always get into the salon when I want and they always run on time. What more could you ask for?I still have yet to try out the spa......
4	My recent visit to the salon (2nd in 3 weeks) proved to be a delightful experience.  I was greeted and tended to by a  friendly yet professional staff.  The salon brings you back to a romantic elegance combined with eclectic style.  I have been in search for a stylist since moving to the area and I believe my search is over!
4	I have been looking for a new place to have my nails and brows done in Scottsdale and last week I tried Dolce at the Borgata.  It's a great space, very spa-like.  Jade did an excellent job on my brows in minutes and Laura did my pedicure.  I wanted to change my regular spa pedi to add gel and they wouldn't accommodate the extra 15 minutes to do it, which I thought was a bit strange given that the nail salon was almost empty at 6 pm on a Friday, but I was still happy with the pedicure and everyone was very nice.  The facility seems very clean and even though they use pedicure chairs which I typically don't like, I could see that they were hooked up to sanitizing systems.  The only real drawback is the price, at $60 for a regular pedicure you are are definitely paying a premium for the salon atmosphere and experienced technicians.  I want to go again, but may have to space out my treatments to justify the cost.
5	When I first found Dolce I had ten fingers worth of cracked, chipped, & just plain 'ole falling apart gel nails. They looked horrible & I had been gluing them back together with super glue because the salon I was going to scheduled its last appointment of the day at five. Who can get off work & to an appointment to get their nails fixed by five?! I couldn't believe it. Anyway my first appointment was scheduled with Brittany & I have been back to see here every other week ever since- that is at least ten months. She is a true perfectionist & my nails are beautiful from the time I leave until I come back. The polish is always perfectly even & there aren't any lumps near the cuticles. Given her perfectionist nature, I have asked Brittany for referrals to other people in the salon & I haven't been disappointed yet. I just had my hair cut by a guy named James & even though it was his first time doing my hair, he did a wonderful job creating a cut that is flattering to my face. While the prices are a tad high for my taste, they are always offering discounts & specials. One month they offered 35% off all their products & they frequently offer gift cards discounted at up to 20%. When I take advantage of their discounts, the prices are very reasonable.
5	My hubby got me a gift certificate to Dolce forever ago and, of course, I never had time to use it. However, after a recent move, I needed to find a new stylist. I decided to try Dolce since I already had the certificate there. I called them and told them that I need someone that can dye my  hair properly and they scheduled the appointment with Leah H. She is a level 1 (aka affordable).I was really nervous (since my hair recently had a bad dye job) but the girl on the phone reassured me that all of the stylists go through extensive schooling. Leah greeted me and I explained to her what I needed her to do. She listened very carefully and then said to me "So you are looking for something like a dark cherry color?" I was like, OMG, this girl is awesome!!She literally took the words out of my mouth. She showed me the 3 colors she was going to mix and explained everything.It's been 3-4 weeks now and my hair still looks fabulous and feels fabulous. I have no idea why that is, but all I can say is that I had a great experience, and my hair turned out awesome!!I haven't gotten a cut with  Leah yet, but intend to do so shortly. So if anyone is looking for an affordable level 1 stylist at the Scottsdale Dolce location, I would recommend Leah!
4	Normally, I would find it slightly disturbing to fall asleep with my head in the hands of a strange lady while she rubs aromatic ointment all over my face, but good old Gloria was a pro. Gloria was the aesthetician who gave me a facial today at Dolce in Scottsdale. She was pleasant and professional, and who wouldn't like someone who immediately follows her introduction with a "you're so pretty"?!I have to be honest, I was a bit apprehensive about pulling up to one of the area's  most hoity-toity day spas in my dinged up Honda Civic, only to pay for the majority of the service with a Groupon. I had braced myself for the judgmental looks of disapproval from the staff. But I'm pleased to report that the looks never came. At least not from the staff. I was scheduled for a one-hour facial, and I made sure to get there early because I wanted to squeeze every last minute out of that puppy. Gloria started right on time, and she asked me what I wanted to get out of my service, so I told her that I wanted porcelain skin that never aged. Okay, I really told her about my problem areas like that one annoying wrinkle in my forehead and my nickel-sized pores. She explained what she was going to do to my skin, and how I could target those nuisances on my own at home. Then she proceeded to work her magic and lull me off into dreamland. The facial also included either a hand and arm massage or a foot and leg massage. Because I liked Gloria, I chose the former. Overall, the experience was awesome. My only qualm about it was that I did feel like she was required to push some products on me. For example, a lip treatment that plumps your kisser. Really, Gloria, have you seen my lips? I look like I have a Mrs. Potato Head pout. But I do understand that this is probably required by Dolce itself, so I'm not holding it against Gloria. Other than that, I was a little embarrassed to carry out the rest of the day's errands with the severe case of shiny-face that I left with, but hey, that's a sign of a successful facial. Good work, Gloria. If I ever get a real job, I'll be coming to see you on the regular!
1	Place has gone down hill fast and same with arrowhead location... turnover rate speaks for itself.
5	I love Dolce!!!
3	I wanted to like Dolce.  No, I wanted to love Dolce.  I wanted to find "the" place that I could keep coming back to for all my hair needs.  I have to say that I had a great experience up until I got to the cash register.  Turns out, unbeknownst to me, my stylist had racked up an additional $45 dollars in charges for extra bowl of color, toner and lord only knows what else.  My bill was $115 with tip for a simple all over color.  My stylist was a level 2 and never once mentioned any of the additional products being used.  Maybe Dolce isn't the place for a girl on a budget...
5	Dolce is still my favorite and I have nothing but positive things to say.  If you're looking for a place to pamper yourself - visit Dolce!
2	I could not agree MORE with Allison L. below.  I have NOTHING, but great experiences at the Dolce location in Chandler.  The same can NOT be said for Borgata in Scottsdale.  The receptionists unfortunately ruined the experience so I feel like I cannot review the actual professionals there.  I went in to take advantage of a spray tan package I purchased as I've been going to Dolce- Chandler for 5 years.  They claimed I had 3 fewer tans than I had purchased and I simply complained that every time I go- the receptionists seem confused by my tan package and that perhaps one or two were mistakenly taken from me.  This young lady threw a hissy fit, stormed away from me, practically did everything, but pout.  Naturally, I asked to speak to a manager.  I was kind of stunned to what had just happened!  The manager was calm, but it wasn't until I told her I would write about my experience on Yelp that I got any kind of apology.  Never underestimate the power of YELP!  She was kind and gave me an extra tan for my terrible experience which was good because I will continue to come here for other services, just NOT in Scottsdale.  This experience has motivated me to write a separate review about the lady who does my eyebrows at their Chandler location.  Tammy Higgins is AMAZING! Book her!
5	I was introduced to Dolce by a friend and recently attended their Spa Girl's charity event at the Borgata.  I was really amazed at the quality of service which was extended to every guest!  This was a charity event and many mini services were free.  I got a chair massage by Gia and it was so wonderful that I booked a one and a half hour combination massage and an hour reflexology appointment with her as well as a hot stone manicure with Erin.I must say that this was far and away one of the most relaxing days of my life!  They took a stressed out Mom and caregiver and turned me back into a relaxed and soothed woman!  Gia has magic hands, that's all I can say!  The beds are amazing-they can be adjusted a ton of different ways and she took care to make sure I was completely comfortable, adjusting it to my needs throughout the time.I cannot express to you enough that you should see her soon!  I then continued on to Erin who gave me another excellent massage with hot stones on my arms and hands!  It's a great pampering treat itself!  I highly recommend Dolce Borgata and Dolce in general for all of your Spa and Salon needs.  You probably won't be disappointed!
1	Last week, for the first time to either location, I went to Borgata for a cut, and Chandler for the worst color job ever (see my review under the Chandler location).  My cut was fine, nothing really spectacular, but also not particularly bad.  BTW, she was a level 3, which I think is probably not that different from a typical stylist at any other salon.However, the attitude and service at the front desk, made me never want to return.  The girls up front talked down to me, and were super pushy on products and tipping (I'm a good tipper).  When I booked the appointment, the reservationist told me about a facebook special for 40% off.  Because of the special, I decided to come in immediately.  But when I was rung up the girl up front didn't include the discount.  I asked about the discount (the reason I came in) and the girl seemed annoyed and then asked me for a printout of my facebook page.  When I told her this was never mentioned, she told me I would have to get it.  I live way out near Apache Junction (a good cut is worth a drive), so it's impossible!  Then she actually told me to go to a library to print it!  She also suggested that I should download the app to my iphone (which she saw in my hand), and show that to her.  (Don't they have the internet, can't they simply look it up?) Finally, she agreed to do the 40%, but then she refused to tell me the price of the hair cut after the discount (I also bought a product that they said worked great (it didn't)).  I asked when I was deciding on tip, and she actually told me that I had to give tip on the original price (not the 40% off) but tempered it by conceding that I didn't need to give tip for the product!  Are you kidding, of course you don't tip the stylist on a product!  Not to mention it was a foot product that I had been somewhat interested in myself (until they told me how great it worked).  I go to salons, spas, nail salons, luxury hotels etc, all the time, and know how to tip, and usually give generous ones.  But I don't need some RUDE, PUSHY, front desk girl telling me how to give tips!  Her pushy ways worked though, because I left more than I attended.Even though I liked the feel of the place, I chose to drive to Chandler for my color (which ultimately turned out to be a huge mistake!).  I must add that the one person who was supersweet and professional was the girl who worked behind the mineral makeup counter, and genuinely answered my questions without ever forcing a sale, unlike the the front desk girls.My advice is to save money and time, and go somewhere that they actually care to do an excellent job and don't see you as a dollar sign.
4	OK...I was recommended to this Salon from a lady that I thought had really nice hair.  I read the reviews before making an appointment - which were mixed for the most part.  They have a "level" system for hairdressers.  The higher the level the haridresser is assigned---the higher the level of education they have --the more expensive their services are...!  I had a really bad experience at a salon not too long ago so I decided I would pay for the highest level available for a color and a cut (no hightlights...still working on repairing the mess Salon at the Peak did to my head)--I worked with a lady named Lyn- Level 4 color- She did a really great job!  She nailed the color and kept the cut light and current without much instruction.  We set out a game plan for my hair to continue to repair it and hopefully by the holidays get some highlights back in there.  This is how a hairdresser should be- Professional, Trained and Educated!  I firmly believe that you get what you pay for...so, if you're a tightwad...stop reading and make an appointment at Supercuts!!The salon was very nice and up to date and everyone there very professional.  I recommend this Salon (atleast Lyn) to anyone-Super professional, good at listening to what I wanted and implementing it!
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Dolce!!!For some reason I was under the impression that I Had already Yelped about Dolce.. Oh well.... it is about time now. Love everything about the salon!!!! Have had a cut a color, cut for my daughter, brow waxes, massage and manis and pedis. Everyone is really nice... the BEST customer service ever!!! And IF for some reason you are not happy they will make it right for you. Also like their Spray tan (VersaSpa) - super quick and convenient!!! Also, custom makeup - fun!!!Make sure you become their friend on Facebook before you make an appointment and head out there - they have SUPER specials (HookUps) and all kinds of other incentives for you!!! My Favs are the gel polish manis and pedis (my toes are still pretty and sparkly after the Spa Pedi I had on 8/4!!!!). Give them a try - you are going to love them!!!
5	Been coming to this Dolce for the past three years! I went to the Chandler one once, and immediately vowed to only go to Borgata from then on. While I agree with some earlier posts that the front desk staff can get kinda snotty (its Scottsdale, what do you expect?!), the services are amazing. The menu is so extensive and cater to every need. I've been getting massages there (Deep Tissue, Combo Hot Stones) since the location literally opened, and Josh is the best! I never have to repeat what issues I've had in the past, everything is documented and the customer service is great. Whenever someone comes to visit me from out of town, I always make it a point to take them to get massages at Borgata. I started getting my haircut/styled here too, once my girl at Rolf's Scottsdale left, and I don't know why I hadn't been going here in the first place. Better prices, better service--Tommy is super funny, highly skilled and again, the service is unmatched.Dolce is also on Facebook and they have daily deals posted--their online marketing team really should get a raise---way to drive business in the door.During the summertime when it obviously is hotter than hell, and business seems a little calmer, the prices were slashed yet the service was still amazing! Scottsdale is the go-to spot for spas, and when I moved here from San Francisco, I tried many different places, unsatisfied. As soon as I stepped foot in Dolce @ Borgata, I was in love with the decor, the waiting room, and of course, the service. This is seriously the spa/salon gem of Scottsdale.....
5	Hello spa day!!! I had to tame these eyebrows at Dolce Salon & Spa today! Luckily I read the reviews on Yelp, and also found out that they were running specials if you were a member on their fan page on Facebook! I got 40% off my eyebrow waxing. My technician Yvette was really experienced and understood my needs. The salon was really clean and looked like a multi-leveled castle!I will definitely come back in the future for a massage here~!!! Thanks!!
5	Got my hair cut & colored there about a week ago and James did a fantastic job! It was the first time I had professionally colored my hair (I usually do it myself) and he was very thorough to make sure he knew exactly what I wanted. It ended up turning our perfect. Just a note- before you visit, I would recommend following Dolce on FACEBOOK to see what deals you can get-- they post awesome specials every day. Also, I paid with Hunies (kind of like gift cards... I paid $150 for $300 worth) that I had purchased several weeks prior, making my services that day much more affordable. (You can find more out about the Hunies on facebook too.) Overall I had a great experience- the salon itself is beautiful and the stylists are very talented. I would definitely recommend to all my friends!
5	I would like to tell you how wonderful each of my experiences have been with Dolce at Borgota.  From the moment I walk in the door to the moment I leave I am treated like royalty.  The facility is always kept neat and tidy and the front desk staff are friendly, helpful and efficient.  I have had a few facials with Yvette.AHHMAZING!  She has you and your service as her number one priority.  Her treatments make my skin look and feel like it never has before.  After having my daughter in March, my hormones made my face go haywire, but Yvette has helped me tame the wild beast.  I am very grateful.I have also been enjoying the gel manicures with Laura.  She is a perfectionist and every time I leave there I am extremely pleased with the work she has done on my nails, and I am very very picky about my nails.I look forward to many more visits to Dolce.
5	LOVE DOLCE. LOVE the massages and spa pedis!  LOVE LOVE the spa pedi! Thank you so much Dolce for the great hook up, which allowed me to try out the Spa Pedi last night. Elizabeth was the awesome nail tech that did my pedi and for only being there a few months you can hardly tell. I thought she was adorable...and I will def try and book with her again.  She did a great job of taking her time and really giving me a great pedi. She asked several times if everything looked ok and we chatted the entire time...I highly recommend paying the extra $10 and getting the spa version...i had a regular mani and the results were fabulous, but the process just ok...but when you get the spa version it's ROCKSTAR!I also am obsesed with the massages at this place! UNREAL.  Casey and Stephanie are my favorites...they have all these amazing extras..and spend a full 60 minutes massaging you.Check out there facebook page, they have daily deals..and these things called Hunies--gift cards at discounted prices :) Huge deals.
5	My go-to salon for haircuts. I used to go to the Chandler location, when I lived out yonder. But I've been to the Borgata location a couple times now since moving to the Arcadia-area. I think... I actually now prefer the Borgata location. It's not as busy 24/7 and loud as the Chandler location. Seems like there's so many customers & stylists running back & forth in Chandler location, whereas you're a little more "secluded" upstairs in the Borgata location - - away from the hustle & bustle. I'm a last-minute haircut appointment booker. Yeah, I'm that type. And both times I've called the Borgata, wait all 3 times now -- I've had absolutely great stylists last minute. (You don't always get that kinda skill & availability at other salons.)But today Candace was my stylist. I really liked her honesty and straight-forward style with me. She listened to what I wanted and delivered!!And... while I was waiting, I noticed a new Groupon for Dolce that started today. So I totally scored!They have an amazing deal right now on Brazilian Blowouts - - $150 off, for $200. That's pretty much amazing. I would highly recommend checking out their other specials and sweet deals on their website www.dolcesalonspa.com Again, convenient location -- great Dolce service - - and a nice, less-busy atmosphere.
4	I had a customized organic facial with Angella T. and I couldn't be more delighted. I had no trouble booking my Groupon appointment and the ladies at the front desk gave me top notch service from the moment I called until I left post-appointment. My facial was comforting and fun at the same time. I left refreshed and silky smooth. I would highly recommend this location and am already plotting out what other services I would like to try!My skin is certainly much improved from its winter sadness and I feel quite a bit less like a Scaleysaurus Rex.
3	I have been going to Dolce for years and I am a fan of the salon for the most part. If it weren't for my hair stylist (Ambre) I'm not sure I would go as often as I do. It's a full service salon that offers everything from spray tan to Brazilian Blowouts. If you want to book an appointment I recommend you try to book online. If you call to book over the phone set aside at least 10 min because thats how long it takes to get someone on the phone:(
5	Holy cow --  so I found on their website that you can request a complimentary shampoo and style + DoCo makeup application with a 60 minute or + Facial treatment. SCORE!!I was planning on using my recent Groupon anyways today, but a complimentary shampoo/style -- game on!Maddie was my esthetician -- so friendly and did an awesome job on my 90min heavenly, pure bliss facial. Then I was whisked upstairs to Jamie & Ashley for the shampoo/style -- they also both rocked!I don't know how you could wrong with Dolce. Just make sure that you request the complimentary shampoo/style at the time you book your facial. I totally scored an amazing pampering day at the spa, without having to take out a loan. Thank you Dolce --and thank you Groupon! (Plus I got 30% off my products today because of the Groupon special.) Me = happy girl right now :)
5	As always last night was amazing at Dolce. I love this salon. I have had everything from hair cut, color, build your own specialty makeup-DoCo, facials to massage, pedis and spray tanning and much more ha! Its so addicting going there and I have been going there for over a year. I just keep forgetting to write a review. They are amazing. KATIE who does my hair is a doll. She always chats with me and we have a great time as well as my hair always looks amazing. I have been in AZ for 5 years and for 3 of those years I had hit or miss appointments at salons and it was horrible. I have very long, thick hair past my chest, so its hard to get someone who knows what they are doing. I am so happy I found Katie at the Borgata. There are a few Dolce's around the valley all owned by the same lady Brandi who is the best and really cares about her clients! She is always doing great Facebook deals and have even done a couple Groupons for the Groupon lovers-no limits. They will never NOT tell you like some salons (we cant get you in for 3 weeks) They have plenty of staff and its amazing place to go. I rarely can give some 5 stars so trust me! This is the place to go for any spa need! They are a full service salon and spa! Trust me, I am brutally honest and can't think of anything bad. If something did happen for any negative reviews, they will fix it, if you wrote to their feedback. They want you walking out of there happy and relaxed!
4	Professionalism, Quality, Style & Service....check, check, check!  I've made the rounds with various stylists over the past year or so that I've been coming here and I've only had one disappointing experience, but that was partly my fault for going cheap and selecting the low-level stylist.  All the rest have been great creating a quality do's that score me constant compliments!  Today, I think I found my steady though.  Oh Tommy...I love what you did to me! He really listened and gave me the cut I wanted and in quick time too!I also come to Dolce for brow service ad facials.  They are always just right !  Now I'm hooked on gel nails!  Yes, they are pricier than a standard manicure, but oh my heavens, they are delightful.  It is so wonderful to put on my seatbelt and start my car without effing up the manicure that just sucked up 45 minutes of my precious weekend!   All the professionals are kind and if not genuine, they are convincing!  From the appointments girl, to the front desk, to the professionals and their assistants, everyone is friendly, courteous and engaging.Finally, I'd like to point out my appreciation for the design, decor and all the marketing details.  There is nothing in this salon that screams half-ass or cheap.  All the details are in place giving the salon a classy feel.The prices are fair...not outrageous for any city standards.  Plus, if you are a fan on FB or if you watch for Groupon deals, you can get some pretty sweet hookups.Finding the right salon can be a challenge.  I really lucked out when the waitress at Ra Sushi a year ago recommended Dolce to me.  It's been a good experience!
4	This place is awesome.  I have typically gone to the Chandler location but will be coming here from now on.  While I have not checked out the other services available, I am sure that I will at some point.  For now, the brow service is the only one that I get.Vanecia (not sure about the spelling) was absolutely amazing.  She was very meticulous and did everything she could to ensure that my brows looked amazing.  I don't need them done very often but will definitely come back when I do.
1	Below average, over priced, under served.  Better off with Fantastic Sam's.
5	What a great company this is. They offer so many discounts on services through their Facebook page, website, Groupon, etc. A hair stylist there told me I should never be paying full price for a service, and right she was. I would, though, because every employee I've interacted with has been fabulous.Angella, the esthetician, is the best. She's young and sweet and so gentle-- she makes even a bikini wax feel alright.I haven't had the best luck with manicures, but haircuts and waxing has all been amazing.
4	Pam @ Borgata is awesome for color, highlights!
1	I just had the absolute WORST massage in my entire life. I will NEVER go back to this place. If you feel like paying $80 for some one to wipe oil all over your body with absolutely zero pressure and call it a "Massage" then this is your place!!!! HORRIBLE. I have never posted a negative review on any service, this was so bad that I had to let people know about it.
1	Complaint not properly addressed!!!I had a full leg wax and got burned. The technique was immature and when I called the salon to complain they offered me products to buy. That's ridiculous way of doing business. I went to the Scottsdale location and will NEVER be going back. Stay away from that place.
4	A friend bought me gift certificate-  what a delightful gift!!  I am not a spa regular, but went with the organic facial and dermabrasion.   It was very relaxing and definitely worth a repeat trip.  Plus, all their coupons make it fun-- what girl doesn't love a sale??
5	I absolutely love Dolce.  I was a regular at the Arrowhead location for almost two years but now Borgata is closer to me.  There is no other full service salon and spa like this that offers the same array of services at such great prices.  Yes, their prices seem steep if you look at their standard menu but they offer so many hook ups (discounts) on facebook if you are a fan, you can become a member for a nominal fee which comes with many perks as well.  I plan on doing that next time I go in.  On top of that their boutique is fabulous if I don't spend all of my money on pampering I'm bound to spend it on the chic and unique costume jewelry.  This is the place to go if you want to look good and feel good. Special shout out to Jessica, my new hair stylist.  She spent four and a half hours on me doing a color correct (I was trying to get red dye out of my hair) and did so successfully without damaging my hair.  She was so diligent and made sure she really understood what I wanted before we got started (she actually did about a 30 min consult with me and decided to reschedule me for a bigger block of time instead of just rushing me through and risking a mediocre job)Dolce has the highest of standards and it shows in every aspect, from check in (where you get walked to the seating area and offered a cool beverage) to the services rendered, to checking out (they always offer personal care products that applied to the service you received and every time they have been relevant to my needs)I heart Dolce and will be back as soon and as often as possible.
5	I just had an amazing time at this salon!! My Stylist was James and he is awesome and made my hair look and feel great. His assistant, Jamie, was equally amazing and did an outstanding job styling and finishing my hair...unfortunately he is being transferred to the Chandler location, but he seems excited about it so I am happy for him. I had a groupon for $100 worth of services and only spent $80(I am not one to freak out if I don't use the whole groupon), and the receptionist let me know I could get an eyebrow wax for pretty much free, so I went for it. The esthetician did a very thorough and clean job and it was not painful or irritating at all! I highly recommend this place, however I should note James is also a level 4 stylist so I cannot speak for the lower tiers...But, Jamie who was assisting/training, did an AMAZING job styling my hair! So, I still stand by the recommendation regardless of tier. The salon is lovely and posh inside and they have a large store full of fun accessories and supplies. I noticed some Yelpers said the receptionists were snooty; I did not have that problem at all and they were actually quite helpful and polite. If you want to leave a salon/spa looking and feeling fabulous, Dolce is a good place to go!
5	Cannot go wrong at this salon! I get my hair done by the fabulous Chelsea and recently I have found another hair gem there names Jessica. I get spray tans, massages, facials and my pedi's here! Also i have just converted to their DoCo foundation, it's awesome. Keep up the good work Dolce!!
5	I hate that I love this salon so much, but I really do! I have NEVER walked out not looking fan F-ing tastic. Candace is my stylist and she is so awesome! Always understands my needs/concerns and is genuine with her work!The front desk staff is a little, uh, "Scottsdale" if you will but.... I suppose they are trying to uphold a reputation. Whatever.The most awesome thing about this place is that they always run specials either via Twitter or Facebook. You should never pay full price here! You can also catch Groupons, $50 for $100 worth of services for example. I've only been to the Borgata location, so I can't speak about the others but I've never had a bad experience (:cough cough:: Carsten Institute).
4	This review is for hair services. It's getting 4 stars because the color faded pretty fast...not sure if I've been washing my hair too much, if it is the sun, or if it was the color they used but it's only been 4 weeks and I feel like my hair is way lighter and my colors typically last 7-8 weeks. The sitting area where you wait for your color to process is also super small and kind of awkward when there are more than 4 people.However, my stylist did a great job with the cut and blowdry! The color was awesome too (for the first 4 weeks). The location is great and will def come back :) esp cause they always have discounts!
2	Dolce has been my go-to place for spa services since I relocated to Scottsdale. However, this soon may change. The first time I visited the Borgata location I was taken aback by the stylish decor of the two story spot equipped with a hair salon, nail salon, makeup boutique, and a variety of unique purses, jewelry, clothes, gifts, etc. The front desk staff was incredibly kind and helpful, immediately checking me in and showing me to the locker room to change, and then to the Relaxation Room to wait for my services to begin. They even bought me lunch from Blanco once they realized I was going to be there for a full day. After a 1 hour Organic Facial, 2 hour Swedish Massage with Aromatherapy and Hot Stones, Spa Pedicure and Manicure, Shampoo/Conditioned Hairstyle, and full Makeup application I left feeling like a total Bitchin' Rockstar, ready to ravage the clubs in OldTown to celebrate my birthday.Since then, I have been in multiple times for different services: massages, mani/pedis, spray tanning. Each of those occasions I noticed that the quality of services stayed exceptional, while the customer service was not as great. Today, I had the worst experience with Dolce at the Borgata and I am considering not going back.After waiting for 30 minutes on hold, I finally scheduled my 90 min. Organic Facial and a 2 hour Swedish Massage. I was told to arrive early at 10:15 to check in and relax in the Relaxation Room, and my facial would start at 10:30. When asked if I wanted a complementary shampoo blowout and makeup touch up, I happily accepted and eagerly anticipated my long overdue day of pampering. When I arrived at 10:15, I was not greeted with a smile, a hello, a head nod, or a "i'll be with you in a moment". Instead the Client Coordinators were chatting among themselves with their backs turned toward the door, and as a client I was the one who had to get their attention. After one of the girls checked me in, she told me to take a seat and someone would be with me shortly, then continued to chat with her coworkers. After wandering around the store looking at hair products, makeup, skin care, and accessories I checked my phone and it was 10:35! Irritated, I interrupted the Client Coordinators' discussion notifying them that my appointment was supposed to start at 10:30, and asked if I could at least go back into the locker room to change. Finally, my esthetician Jordyn found me and brought me to back for my facial. Amazingly, she was courteous and friendly!!! A welcomed change from the other staff. Her analysis of my skin and choice of products was right on point, and along with a High Frequency breakout treatment and Eye treatment, I left the room with my face feeling like it was kissed by angels! Next, my 2 hour Swedish Massage with Josh. Best masseuse I have found so far!!!! After reviewing my target areas, he started with a Fiji Coconut Oil Scalp Massage, and continued with my requested blend of Peppermint/Eucalyptus Aromatherapy, Spot Deep Tissue treatment, and Hot Stones. Needless to say I left the session floating on Cloud 12, leaving all the stress and tension from my neck and shoulders, as well as pain in my lower back, in the room behind me. On to my complementary shampoo styling with Elise, who did a fantastic job maintaining friendly and interesting conversation, and following through with my request for a voluminous blowout. Too bad I can't say the same about my complementary makeup touch-up with  Jewel. As a touch-up, I didn't expect much, but the mineral powder applied was at least 2 or 3 shades darker than my skin tone. Topped off with a dark bronzer and a maroon lipstick/gloss that reminded me of something my grandmother (god rest her soul) would have worn!!! Needless to say, when I returned to the locker room to change, I immediately had to do my own touch-up to the touch-up just so I wouldn't be humiliated while checking out and walking to my car.When checking out, I presented Client Coordinator Rachel with a Groupon worth $80 of services, along with the Fall Menu with Special prices listed, a hair styling product I wanted to purchase, and my Dolce Discount Bag. It took Rachel at least 15 minutes to calculate how much I needed to pay after looking at the regular menu and Fall menu multiple times. After returning back home, I looked at my receipt and realized that Rachel had only given me a $40 discount for my Groupon. I paid $40 dummy...it wouldn't be a Groupon if I only received $40 worth of services!!! I had to then return to the Spa to ask her for an explanation and for a refund for being overcharged.It's sad that the Dolce brand is being jeopardized by Client Coordinator staff members who have no concept of customer service, or basic math skills for that matter, even though the facial, hair, massage, and nail professionals always meet or exceed my expectations. I sincerely hope management takes action ASAP!!!!
5	I am addicted to Dolce Salon. I have never been so happy with my hair color, cuts or style before. My stylist, Alyssa is amazing with highlights, she does them quick and efficient! I have received eye-brow waxing here and it was not painful and very well done..my eyebrows ended up even and the girl waxing was very quick, plus their waxing room is super cute!I also love how this location has the versa-spa sunless spray tan. It gives you a nice bronze color, not orange!The best thing about DOLCE is they are ALWAYS offering deals! Check them out! They are very profeesional and a great company!LOVE LOVE LOVE DOLCE!
2	This is the second time I have gone to Dolce for a cut and highlight.  They have a rating system for their sylists (1-8) The first time I went, I unknowingly got a 2.  My cut was good though, but color was horrible, brassy and way too light.  This time I thought I would upgrade and asked for a higher lever stylist.  I got Lynn a 6.  She seemed a little stand offish from the start.  I am not sure she wanted to be there.  I don't think I have had a haircut this bad since I was 12 and went to a discount salon for a $19 hair cut.  But THIS one cost me nearly $200.  When she was almost done, she said "what do you think"  I was so stunned that I just said, "I don't like it at all, holding back tears"  At which point she hacked off my bangs and now I look worse that before....sigh.  The staff was friendly, and I love all of their specials (groupons, hunies)  I would really love to find the right person there because of that.  I know they have good stylists, because I hear good reviews, but unfortunately I am still on the search.
5	Had an awesome massage by Josh today.  Definitely one of the best I've had!  Perfect amount of pressure and I feel much better after the 90 min deep tissue massage.  Also really enjoyed the heated table - perfect temperature.
5	James did it again!  He usually just covers up my pestery grey hair.  I had an appointment for a touch-up, but I was in major need of a trim so I figured I would let James have a hack at it (literally).  I walked out of Dolce looking fabulous as always!  I received many compliments on my hair that evening and over the last week; he made me look and feel like a rockstar!  The salon is not what I would call a 'relaxing place', as this location is very busy and crowded.  I, 5 star, recommend it though based on the fact that I always walk out with my locks looking awesome!
4	I just started going for manicures when I'm in the neighborhood. Eve is my favorite. She is so fun to talk to and does a great job. Unfortunately others I've had have been memorable in the wrong way.. a few manicures have been sloppy or bubbly which ends up being a total waste of money :(
5	Sara Jessica is the best!
4	Dolce knows how to do spa service. Before the opening of the Borgata location, I visited the Chandler location years before for a mani, pedi and massage. You can tell that the owner has put her heart and soul into these businesses. Upon entering Dolce, you are greeted with a well-stocked retail space filled with not just spa products but clothing, jewelery and accessories as well. Upon visiting several weeks ago before leaving for a trip, I actually made a binge dress purchase and ended up wearing it to the event I went to that weekend! The retail items (like dresses and jewelery) are reasonably priced and they have a nice selection of cute and trendy products. Moving on the the service, I have two words for you: Lounge Series. If you can schedule a service Monday-Wednesday, do it because it will be heavily, and I mean heavily, discounted. The Lounge Series has everything from facials and waxing to hair salon services and massages. They also offer a one-time membership fee that would discount the Lounge Series even more. I haven't brought myself to becoming a member yet though. At this location, I have seen Brooke a couple of times and she is such a doll. She is very sweet and is the exact type of esthetician you would want working on your face. They offer extensive services, including high frequency acne treatment in case you have a visitor pop up on your face and you would like it to go away sooner then they would like to. For $20 they will do high frequency which means that the beam type thing they put on your face will remove any bacteria and limit the stay of your unwanted visitor. Trust me, it's worth it. I also learned a thing or two about the experience levels of their staff. Not only does the staff go through an extensive process to just get hired but then on top of that, they have to work their way up once they do. This means that an esthetician can't just do microderm on their first day on the job. The hair dresses have a level next to their name which indicates their level of expertise at their duration at Dolce. It's very impressive and makes me trust the staff with my hair, face, toes, nails and anything else that much more.
1	Bad services and bad customer service. I had the worst massage of my life here. I was brought in for my massage late and was brought out early.  The woman paced and reorganized my blankets a large majority of the time. When her hands were on me, it was far from the deep tissue massage I requested. When I called to complain, they told me to email them and I haven't heard a thing in response. I would chalk this up to an off-day for them except I've had bad services from them in the past.
2	My sister and I went to Dolce Salon & Spa at Borgata this morning. The girls that checked us in were professional. My sister did a 90 min massage, she stated it was sub-par & cost was excessive. I went with the spa pedicure w/gel polish, the polish is pretty and i know it will last a long time but the disappointment was in the massage (or lack thereof.) When i go get a pedicure i expect a decent massage, especially when you are paying these prices......i had high hopes but they just didn't deliver. Positives: - Service professionals were personable- The services themselves okayNegatives:- Costly- One of the best parts of getting a pedicure (the massage) was absent from this service. - No amenities (steam or sauna.)Reasoning for 2 Stars is i have definitely experienced better.
2	Very disappointed.  I was new to the area and was recommended to Dolce by a colleague.  Unfortunately, I found that their services, from salon to spa, are hit-or-miss.  I have experienced excellent service as well as below average service (i.e., had to go back in less than two weeks to have color and cut corrected - - more than once).  My personal opinion is that the service is a reflection of their high turnover rate.  I was going every 8 weeks for hair services for about 8 months and was only able to book with the same colorist/stylist two times in a row.  Following my first two appointments I was placed with a new colorist/stylist each time.  I finally gave up and found a new salon that I love and that I am able to book with the same professional every time.  The only other comment I have is that booking was also hit-or-miss.  The employees that book the appointments are either very professional and helpful or act like your call is an inconvenience to handle.  If they could maintain more consistency, I would have loved to be a long-time customer.
2	$45 before tip for a men's haircut Supercuts coulda done. I won't go back.
5	I just had a Fantastic Haircut thanks to Pam!  On a Sunday afternoon; made contact online & got a same-day appt, she took lots of time with me and listened carefully to my requests...made a few positive suggestions and then did exactly as I asked,  I couldn't have asked for a more pleasurable experience!
4	I first discovered Dolce in Scottsdale about a year ago when purchasing a 1/2 off service from Groupon and have been a loyal customer ever since!  Since their prices are a bit steep I only use Groupons when going to Dolce, which run every few months or so.  They have a cute boutique downstairs with lots of hair and spa products, clothes, purses, wallets, and accessories.  The girls at the reception desk are always friendly when you walk in the door and on the phone when calling to make appointments. There are lots of people always working and it is easy to make an appointment whenever you want, even on short notice.  I have only been to Dolce for hair services for either a highlight, cut and style. When getting a hair service you get to pick what level stylist you want to do your hair.  The top level-5 stylists are the best, but you obviously have to pay more.  However, the lower level stylists can be a hit or miss.  I have had some level-2 stylist give me a great haircut, yet I've gotten some marginal haircuts too.  Basically, if you want a sure thing hair style go with at least level-4 or 5 stylist.
1	I went into to get my nails done two days ago thinking they had moderate prices - had there been any signs or postings of the prices I would not have gotten my service done that day! For a regular mani and pedi - literally nothing special! - it was $90!!! My mouth literally dropped when they told me my total. My nails have already started chipping and it has only been 2 days! Very disappointing...You can definitely get the same quality for much less elsewhere.
5	First and foremost, I have to preface this review by stating that I have high expectations, so when I say that Stephanie is fantastic, please know I don't use that term lightly.   It was my first time at Dolce and I was nervous about a new person cutting my hair.  I told her the style I wanted, I showed her a few pictures and voila, she executed my haircut perfectly.  Stephanie not only has the skills, but she is peppy, precise and loves color!  When I told her I was indecisive on hair color, but wanted a new color, she spent time with me after my cut discussing possible colors.  Plus as an added bonus, she didn't push product on me!!  I just hope her schedule doesn't fill-up before I can make another appointment!  On Dolce itself, it's shiny and sparkly and filled with people to help you and answer your questions.  Plus, all of the level 3+ hair dressers have assistants, who are there training for 7-12 months on cutting, coloring, and how Dolce works.  I was extremely impressed to hear that Dolce doesn't just let anyone on the floor and that they obviously take pride in the men and women who represent their company.
4	I have been to Dolce at the Borgata a few times now and definitely owe them a review. By far, hands down...one of the best pedicures in the Valley!!!!I saw Shannon for the second time on 10/12 for a gel manicure and polish plus (I should have done the spa pedicure again,...shame on me!). We had an entire bridal party who had manis and pedis and everyone was so happy with the services. The bride saw Eve and the other girls (I am sorry I cannot remember all the techs names) had equally fabulous service.I do agree with another reviewer in that their prices are a bit higher than my salon/spa budget allows, but echo the fact that they run groupons frequently. I have been a repeat mani/pedi customer with and without a groupon and recommend giving them a try the next time a groupon is available.
2	Apparently a body polish with massage is for old ppl. I didnot feel a diffrence in my skin, to be honest it is as though she had no product to use. My tech was late taking me back, for my treatment, although i was 15 min early for my 8 am appt. She did still go the full hour. Although I was given disposable panties, when finished there was no trash can, so it's like leave the dirty on the bed, or take them with you..lol both options totally uncomfortable. So this is only the second problem, Upon booking I wanted deep tissue work, They told me they only had it avaliable in chandler. I live by scottdales,,soo NOPE I decided to settle on no deep tissue, come to discover my tech shannon said she specialized in it..yet she didn't offer to help or just change my service, I don't get it....owell  off to get The Dolcify treatment  where they blow dry your hair and do a touch up make up. They did not bother to ask how i would like it styled, so i guess one way fits all..? Make up did not cover my broken capilaries under my eyes or any of my flaws...Which is what a touch up would do?? I feel they don't ask what is important to me..So ifyou have expectations,,maybe verbalize ULTRA loud. lol and before hand.
1	I bring a photo, I'm specific, not a complicated color treatment, and I could have done better myself... drunk. Expensive, DON'T GET HIGHLIGHTS, some stylists are RUDE.Not going again.
5	It's hard to give a review for a salon this large since it is a bit of a compilation of different services, but my sister and I had a great time at the salon and felt that depite how busy they were they still made every effort to meet our needs.We planned for initally just do eye brow and upper lip waxing since our usual place for brows closed down. It was scheduled for the day before my sister's bridal shower which was a week before her wedding as well. I called to book the services months in advance and along the way decided to add on her a gel mani and spa pedi since we were on a time crunch that day. I ended up adding a haircut and changed my appointments several times as well since many things kept changing/needs popping up in the process of planning a bridal shower and helping with the wedding just 6 days apart from each other. It was hard to reach the scheduling department on some days, but when I reached them they were quick to make the changes and confirm the other appointments without any hesitation and were really nice about it.The morning of our Salon day, the "other salon" where we had scheduled eye lash extensions failed to have us scheduled in their appointment book (it looked like a day planner?) and told us they could have only one of us return at noon, or the next day. We decided to just go straight to Dolce to see if there was any way they could move our appointments earlier so one of us could make it back to the "other salon" and get still get our lashes done. When we got to Dolce, they had no problem giving us options that we could work with including being seen earlier by a different but equally good stylist. I even had a Groupon for $80 and since I had to leave to go back to the other salon, they told me I could just leave and return later for my waxing so I could use the full value of my Groupon instead of losing the difference (haircut was only $50). They did not even close out my tab for the day until I returned later in the afternoon to complete my appointments. With the stress and aggravation we had experienced at the other salon, we couldn't have been more greatful for how easy and pleasant it was to work with the entire staff at Dolce. My haircut was great and the stylist was really nice. The waxing was great and she made sure to ask what I wanted my brows to look like and what I liked or wanted to change before starting. My sister's nails looked amazing and she got several complements at her bridal shower as well, along with my hair! This is a really great place to go, especially if you want to be able to get different spa/salon services done and have options for who deos them and flexiblity in appointment times. This would be a perfect place for a girls' spa day - there was actually a few bridal parties there the same day and you could tell they all had a great time. Since it's a large salon and also can call in for help from their other locations to have enough staff on hand, they can accomadate a lot of groups and requests.Even having no idea what a nightmare of an experience we were having working with "the other" salon that day, the Dolce staff never questioned any of our requests for the last-minute changes and really made our day!
4	Dolce, with it's plush, glamour-chic decor and instant relaxing vibe, is the natural choice when it comes to the prestige salon/spa choice in Scottsdale, AZ.  My first experience here was an exceptional one.  The moment I arrived, I was offered a refreshment (water or lemonade) as I waited for my much anticipated massage service.  I was treated with respect, which should be demanded from any business provided you are forking over a nice chunk of change (Dolce's services aren't the cheapest, however, I'll let you in on a little tip I discovered:  They do have amazing deals if you add them on Facebook - keep your eyes open for "Hunies") and the receptionists were beyond friendly, it's easy to observe that the people who work at Dolce truly love their jobs, and that's quite refreshing to say the very least!  To say my massage was relaxing is completely an understatement.  It was pure heaven!!  I received the 45 minute Fiji Hot Stone Massage during Spa Week, quite a busy time to go into the salon, however, my service was not cut short by any means.  Fantastic deal, I will be returning!  Treat yourself to a service at Dolce, you'll be pampered and walk out feeling absolutely amazing! Next time you get a message at Borgata, ask for Aubree!  She's awesome.
4	First time and it was a great experience. Lisa Marie did my blow out. She  was easy to talk to and explained all of the different product she put in my hair. Then I received a complimentary make up touch up. Vanecia (spelling?) did it and she was equally friendly and also did a great job explaining.
5	I absolutely LOVE Dolce! I moved to San Diego about 6 months ago, and have been missing Pam Love ever since! She got me to dark boring chocolate brown (nothing wrong with that, except personal taste!) & went to a gorgeous blondish color. Looked exactly like J. Lo, coupled with Jessica Alba. Amazing! She is the most amazing colorist I have ever been to - which is saying a lot! You don't know what you have until it's gone surely fits here. I have yet to find a stylist that is up to par with her level - literally. If you get a chance, definitely get in to see her. I couldn't say anything but absolutely fabulous things about Pam. Five stars without a doubt.& their nail service is absolutely superb also. I LOVE their glitter fade out during the holiday time. They can usually always do designs, & rock at them!... Oops, & forgot this was about the Salon in particular. ;) Considering I am an avid Paris lover, the design, style, & layout of Dolce is nothing but gorgeous. Totally fab, glam, & everything in between! My sister happened to model for them too, & always love their cool funky shoots they always do.
5	Ah, Dolce Borgata! I have found this to be my FAVORITE Salon & Spa so far! A beautiful little sanctuary nestled in the back area of the Borgata shops. *Plus, this location requires it's employees to be 100% smoke free! So, you don't get the after smell and mess. I went in with one spa week -organic facial- discount and I was hooked! *Just make sure you schedule your free make up touch up (when available) at the same time you are booking your services.The entry area is super lux and super chic. The front desk women are always very professional, quick to greet me and get me signed in. A very helpful and friendly staff, they always offer to bring a drink over as I sit down on the comfy lounge furniture within view of the extensive jewlery and hair accessories area. On the other side is a clothing section and a vast array of lotions and other fabulous skin care products. I have only tried their facials at this point. But, let me tell you, it makes my soul happy and ULTRA relaxed (HIGHLY recommended after a long work week). As soon as you are led into this dimly lit hallway a blanket of heart slowing percussion sounds envelope you into a sweet lullaby.I love Hadley's techniques she is delicate and very knowledgable about the skin concerns you may have. She gently explains what options may work best for your needs and never makes you feel uncomfortable but, you feel more at home. A warning though- it is easy to fall asleep in this environment and totally forget you might actually be laid out on a table in only a velcro towel! After the services she gives plenty of time to (reluctantly) gather yourself and meet her in the hallway where you have the chance to see, touch and ask any questions about the produces that have been recommended for you. Before checking out (or shopping, hehe).After these services I have recieved personalized thank you cards in my mail box with even more discounts and offers! I absolutely love this location!! This is a great place to escape the worries of the world and get pampered, personalized, special treatments. I always walk away feeling like it was money well spent and TOTALLY relaxed and refreshed!!
5	I went somewhere recently, while on vacation for a touch up (for 10 weeks and highlights were growing out)  wow... I really learned how lucky I am. They put color instead of bleach, my hair turned brassy and looked terrible... I then Got my hair highlighted by Katie C. as always at Dolce when I got back... to fix it, but this time, went VERY blonde. She did such an amazing job. I love her and the quality of work she does. I always feel like a million bucks when I leave. If I ever move I will have to fly back just for my hair haha.
4	I have had many services at Dolce Spa. The staff is friendly and helpfull for the most part. I love their zen waiting room with the broken glass fireplaces...Somebody mentioned they did not massage during the pedicure, they are right! It was if my technician was holding back and gently rubbing the lotion on my feet.***Please tell me who gives the best pedicure in Phoenix (With the best foot massage) because I seriously can't find anyone good! Or is it just my bad luck?They give the best facials! They are very relaxing and the aromatherapy is wonderful too. They put a warm aromatherapy bead pillow over your eyes and that is relaxing too. They massage your neck, head, shoulders and clavical...WOW I'm getting all relaxed thinking about it! They do a great job in massaging during your facial, I think the pedicure technicians need to take some pointers!!!I would give them a 90% on their massages. I like the heated blankets and beds, but everytime I have gotten a massage here, they shorted me by at least 5 minutes, one time they shorted me almost 15 minutes because they were behind schedule! Most of their massage therapist's are good and do a wonderful Deep Tissue.Me and my children have had our hair done here multipal times and have always had a great experience!Oh, they don't like KIDS!!!  I don't care, I take mine to get services anyway. I mean, I would never take a crying baby, but if my kids want to get a pedicure or haircut, etc with me,  I have brought them and they were friendly to them. Oh, they do have cool stuff to look at or buy in the front lobby area and the Borgota is fun to look around to, but Expensive!Blessings,Fay
2	i booked my two sisters appointments here for hair and makeup for my over-the-top engagement party.their makeup was good and they were satisfied with it.their hair, however, was a disaster. i wish i knew the "stylists" names because i would never recommend them to anyone.one of my sisters gave her stylist the exact style she wanted and the stylist did the complete opposite. it boggles my mind how someone can screw up so badly.my other sister was happy with her hair, but only after her original stylist re-curled it because it was way too droopy and loose the first time.overall, disappointed, and i will never recommend this salon to anyone.
5	Yay! I got the best haircut from Tommy and am so glad to finally have found a good place for haircuts in Scottsdale. I am the kind of person with long hair who dreads getting my haircut because they always take off too much and, as a kind of new resident, all my haircuts in the Scottsdale area have ended poorly. He was really quick and cut off the amount of hair I asked him to.  The salon itself is nice and big. The $15 add-on service scalp massage is not very good, sadly. I loved getting my hair shampooed at salons, and a longer hair shampoo would have been fine, but the "massage" was barely even a shampoo. It wasn't very massage-y at all.
5	I have gone to Dolce Salon and Spa at the Borgata since 2008 and I have never had a bad experience! I have been going to Level 3 hair stylist, Christina, since I have started going there and she is amazing, I HIGHLY recommend her!
1	If it were possible to give a lesser rating, I would.  That is how terrible my experience was at this spa.  My sister was getting married and as part of her bridal party, we decided to treat her to a day of relaxation, but things went wrong before we even got there.  First of all, the evening before, the spa cancelled one of the girl's massage appointments without any explanation nor did they offer her any alternative solution for the trouble.  As for what happened to me personally, they completely messed up my hair appointment even though I had called three times during the week to confirm everybody's services and appointment times.  You can imagine how angry I was when on the way there I got a call from the spa saying they were charging me a fee because I didn't show up for my appointment.   And it didn't end there.  I was told over the phone that I would have to wait 30 minutes before I could see a stylist (did they expect me to twiddle my thumbs in the lobby while everyone else in went in without me?).  However, once I got there, I saw someone within minutes, but I learned later that they gave me the appointment of one of the girls in my party.   How terrible.  We were a couple minutes late because I wanted to make sure I had a spot before we got to the spa and she was behind me in the check-in line.  For my trouble they credited me $15 Dolce bucks, which seems kind of paltry considering the utter lack of professionalsim that I experienced.  Granted, the hair cut and style service was good, but it just did not make up for all the bad things that happened.  Needless to say I would not recommend this place.  There's plenty of other spas in Scottsdale, try one of those.
1	Had a great facial but was put off by how much they pressure you to buy something. I was feeling very relaxed by the end and got suckered into buying something which I later learned is returnable for store credit only. I hate this policy and won't return.
5	Dolce saves the day! Two days before my wedding and I am in need of some urgent help. I called Dolce and they said they were completely booked so I decided to take the chance and walk in at the off chance they could squeeze me in. The friendly staff had compassion for me and worked tirelessly to squeeze me in and it worked! I was able to get in and out and they truly saved the day! Thanks Dolce! Discount note: make sure you ask about their monthly specials because most of their services are discounted!
4	I always enjoy dropping into Dolce with the variety of products and fun things they have for sale (everything from clothes to purses to cosmetic and spa items). Very eclectic and fun. Don't know about other services, but I had a very nice massage here - the combo hot stone, swedish and deep tissue by Vanessa. I am not usually a deep tissue person, but she did a great job. The only thing I'd do different is probably focus on one treatment vs. three - because I didn't really feel like I got a lot of the swedish, which I enjoy the most. That being said, it was still a very enjoyable treatment.Definitely check them out and give them a try. And p.s. before you book ask if there are any specials - they had several going on when I asked - not outwardly advertised but they do have good deals.
2	Disappointed...I have been going to Dolce for a year now and the last two times I've went, I have had disappointing experiences.  This last time, Saturday May 4, I went in for a partial highlight.  The stylist's assistant disregarded what she was told to do and did not leave my toner on for the full 10 minutes.  My stylist did not come and check my hair until the assistant was almost done styling it.  Because of this mistake, I had to go back and have the toner reapplied and then styled again.  This whole process took approximately 4 hours, just to get a partial highlight (from 8:15am-12pm).  After leaving, I called in to speak with someone that same day to express my disappointment.  No one was available to speak with me at the Scottsdale location and I was told I would be called back.  I received no call.  I called again the next day, Sunday, and the lady I spoke to filled out a client concern form and told me I would be contacted by the appropriate person.  It has been almost a week and no one has contacted me.I love my stylist and she always does a great job, this time included (as she did make sure my hair was done correctly before I left) but I am extremely disappointed in their customer service.  If no one at a management level is concerned enough to at least call and apologize for the sub-par service, of which I had to pay full price (and it was not cheap), I think I will be taking my business elsewhere.
2	I want to like this place but just cannot find reason in how overpriced the services are. I received a $50 gift card for my birthday and since I'm not a fan of cheapy nail salons, I was really looking forward to a fun gel manicure at a nice salon. Well this appointment was disappointing. I knew I was going to be paying a good deal, but for $55 dollars I would expect more than just filing my nails and painting them. Oh I did get a simple lotion hand massage... The manicure would have been $50 but the lose glitter on my two ring finger nails was seriously an extra $5. Seems ridiculous for just 2 fingers. My nail technician was nice and friendly, but the paint job was a little sloppy with some uneven lines at my nail beds and air bubbles. I wouldn't normally come to this salon. I was also in a few years ago when the groupon first came out to get my hair colored. I thought it was overpriced even with a groupon.
5	I absolutely love Dolce. Celia is the best when it comes to hair and if you want amazing nails ask for Sidney only. I am the pickiest person you will ever run into and these people manage to make me happy every time.
1	I have been going to Dolce Salon at the Borgata since the beginning of year.  i was searching for a new salon to get my hair cut and styled at since my normal stylist moved away.  I tried Dolce out and thought i had fallen in love with the experience, quality and personality of everyone.  After the first time things started to get worse the next few times and then just about a week ago i had the worst hair cut i have received of all time.  My hair is very particular and can be difficult to cut and style at times but the last time was a nightmare.  I arrived at my appointment a little bit early and expected to wait which was fine.  The two girls at the front desk have this horrible personality and just make you feel like they are better than you.  But i have learned to ignored them since i talk to them for about 10 minutes total.  To my surprise the stylist came down to greet me right away and took me upstairs.  I told her how i wanted my hair to be cut and styled, she was very confused on the what i wanted.  Her response to me was we will feel our way through the hair cut.  She took me over to the "washing area" washed my hair and took me back to the chair to begin the cutting process.  She said maybe three words to me the entire time which i found to be very strange for Dolce.  The first thing that truly confused me was when she asked if i cut the hair around my ears on my own because it was much shorter than the rest of my hair.  After that response i knew i was not going to be happy with my cut.  Needless to say she didnt even cut around my ears, back of my neck, and missed patches on the side of my head.  After cutting she took me back to "wash" my hair where she merely rinsed my hair and sent me on my way.  I knew the quality of haircut wasnt going to be what i was used to as my normally hair cuts at dolce last atleast an hour.  She had "washed" my hair and cut and style everything in about 30 minutes.  The last thing she said to me was i will walk you downstairs.  I am the type of person that tips very way no matter the quality of work because i know that stylist do not make that great of a "hourly" wage.  I tipped her over 30% and went on my way home.Once i got home and i washed my hair completely getting all the cut hair off realizing what i wanted to be a great haircut turned out to be something i could compare to a sports clips.  A guy should not feel like when he just spent $45 on his hair cut, i am really considering not visiting Dolce Salon ever again and trying to find another salon i can get my hair done at.
1	This place was a nightmare. The experience in general was a nightmare, the salon itself is beautiful. I have been here twice to get my hair lightened to a beach blonde - the first time I paid almost $400.00 which didn't bother me so much, but when the stylist was done with my hair, it came out orange.. I decided to give Dolce another try and went back to get it done. Again, I spent another $300.00 to $400.00 and my hair came out a weird orangey blonde. It was ugly. I will never go back here again. The experience was horrible, the staff is terrible. They act very stuck-up - which is strange because they work in a hair salon. I understand this is Scottsdale, but people who work in these types of jobs, which I consider, customer service, should not have stuck-up attitudes - no matter what location you work at. I already told all my friends not to go here.
1	My review was deleted somehow so I will repost it so everyone knows how bad this place is:This place was a nightmare. The experience in general was a nightmare, the salon itself is beautiful. I have been here twice to get my hair lightened to a beach blonde - the first time I paid almost $400.00 which didn't bother me so much, but when the stylist was done with my hair, it came out orange.. I decided to give Dolce another try and went back to get it done. Again, I spent another $300.00 to $400.00 and my hair came out a weird orangey blonde. It was ugly. I will never go back here again. The experience was horrible, the staff is terrible. They act very stuck-up - which is strange because they work in a hair salon. I understand this is Scottsdale, but people who work in these types of jobs, which I consider, customer service, should not have stuck-up attitudes - no matter what location you work at. I already told all my friends not to go here.
3	My best friend has long been singing the praises of Dolce so I decided to try it out.  We booked gel mani/pedis.  They took us back on time, which I greatly appreciate.  She and I have had many a salon appointment together and one thing that is always a challenge is getting salons to understand that WE WANT TO SIT NEXT TO EACH OTHER.  Dolce got that right - they put us right next to each other at both mani and pedi stations.  They've also got the pedi chairs done in such a way that you can get in them comfortably without flashing your nail tech or accidentally getting a pants leg wet.  Score another point!  They also offer lemonade or water which was impressive as well.  My nail tech was friendly and engaging. So why 3 stars instead of 4 or 5?  After leaving, I noticed the gel on my nails did not go all the way down the side wall (which is about as good as I can do at home.)  I also noticed that she was not terribly aggressive with callous removal and I ended up having to do it when I got home.  And finally, there's the price.  The service was nice but frankly, it wasn't much better than I can achieve at home.  If it was less expensive, it would be easier to justify doing on a more regular basis.  But given that I can achieve almost the same quality for a fraction of the price at home, I don't think I will be back.
5	I think I have been going here for about 3 yrs.  Dolce has an unbelievable membership program! Great deals on services and products!Hadley takes care of my face and she is the best!  Helps keep pimples away and has the best 90 min facial ever!
4	I've been a Dolce fan for a long time, and since last May have been coming to the Borgata location.  When I lived in the East valley, Chandler was my location of choice and it was always PACKED.  The Borgata never seems too busy, but they just opened a location at Scottsdale Quarter so I guess business must be doing pretty well.  The Borgata location is moving soon too, and I think for the better.  Their current Borgata suite just doesn't seem as nice or trendy to me.I'm always satisfied with my Dolce visits, especially because I never pay list/full price for any of their services.  Follow them on Facebook for their (almost) daily deals, watch Groupon for the $80 for $40, sign up for their emails for great monthly deals/promotions/packages, and take advantage when they offer their "hunnies" - usually $80 for $40 or $100 for $50 (my fav).  You can combine and stack hunnies, and they never expire.  Today, for example, I used two hunnies that equaled $200 (spent $100) and got a spa manicure w/gel polish and a 2 hour combination massage, and only had to pay $15.  Today's visit:  had Lynn as a nail tech; super nice and was focused on my satisfaction.  I went early in the morning, and it was only me and one other client getting her nails done.  The other client had her daughter with her, who had some type of developmental disorder.  I'm only bringing this up because Dolce gets major points for flexing their "no children" policy.  I'm pretty sure they have a sign that says children will get a free puppy and unlimited espresso (No, they really don't, but they do have a sign at the front desk saying they will reschedule you if you bring your children).  I also give kudos to the mother for coming early before it got busy.  Her nail tech Eve was fantastic with the kiddo - great job Eve!My massage therapist was great too - I've had her before (I think they try to match you up with someone who's worked on you before) and she was very receptive to my preferences and did a great job at making sure I was getting what I wanted out of it.  Dolce also had a makeover, of sorts, of their in-house lotion line called DoCo.  They used to have scents like Pineapple Upside Down or Cucumber Melon - when asked to choose which lotion for a massage I never liked my choices.  Today, though, there were great scents like Almond Biscotti, Sweet Pea, or the one I chose, Lavender and Vanilla.  They really made an effort to "grow up" and sophisticate their scents - success!!With Dolce's deals, there's no reason any of us should go more than a few months without a little pampering.  Thanks Dolce!
4	I haven't had a bad experience with anyone from Dolce.  I think my massage therapist was Kristen? She was new to the location and came from the Arrowhead location. Would've given 5 stars if they didn't have everything as an upgrade and didn't have to push to sell anything extra.of course will go back since they have really good deals that can be found
5	I ONLY go to Kristen for facials and waxing. She's the best! Make sure you book early, she fills up quick.
4	In a town where there is a salon on every corner, I have been unable to isolate one that I call my own, whether it is for hair or nails or makeup.  But recently Dolce has changed my view.Below are the reasons why Dolce is quite possibly the greatest of them all:1. Membership Program.  $49 for six mos., $99 for one year, your membership automatically gives you up to 35% off on makeup, hair products, and other retail items - not to mention there are monthly membership deals where you can get a $55 one hour swedish massage when everyone else has to pay $80, for example.2. Spa Week.  During Spa weeks you can receive a one hour massage or one hour organic facial for only $50.  They also offer gift cards starting at $25 when you book 2 or more services.  3. Complimentary Make-up touch ups or shampoo and style for your hair when receiving a spa service of one hour or longer.  I had a organic facial and the gal that "touched me up" pretty much did a full makeup, valued at $50, $35 for members.  All you have to do is reserve the time when you book your spa service.  In my case I was not even aware of this awesome service so I requested it at the end of my session, and they were so accommodating and found someone to help me.4. Custom makeup.  Completely custom in the sense that you can design your own lip stick, eyeshadow, and blush.  For instance, you can select scents and flavors to your lipgloss, as well as adding lip plumper, moisturizer, or enhancer.  And if you are a member and bring in your Eco Bag (Dolce Tote) you automatically receive 35% off.5.  Retail.  Extensive selection of skin and hair care products.  As a member, your discounts also make the purchase of that expensive skin cream a lot easier on the wallet.6.  Amenities.  Treatment rooms are extremely comfortable from lighting to music to temperature and comfort of the beds.7. Happy Hour.  Fridays and Saturdays from 6-9p you can get your hair washed and styled for only $23 as a member, $35 at regular price.8. Full Service Spa.  Everything from pedicures to facials to spray tans to blow-outs.Finally, I have been here only twice but have been exceedingly pleased with the experience and results every time.  I had brow wax, tinting, as well as lash tinting, and an organic facial.  The best and gentlest facial I have ever had, the most precise and thorough brow wax, not to mention the lash tinting was not uncomfortable in the least...and the brow tinting was done with just as much attention to detail and looked amazing.  (I highly recommend Piper, Aesthetician extraordinaire, for her services).All the gals here have been generous with their time, curteous, and willing to go above and beyond to make their customer happy.  I am happy to be a member and look forward to having all of my spa services there from now on.
4	I have been going to Dolce off and on for probably 3 or 4 years. I found a stylist I love (Christina N) at Lincoln. I have never had a problem. I have a LOT of hair but she always does a great job. I've done color and full and partial weaves. Always looks great.But like a few people mentioned, the prices are a killer. This is a definite splurge for me. I always try to plan it around some promotion they are having. And they do have some great promotions. Also when I met my stylist, she was a level one and she just became a level four in September. I am so excited for her because she's very good at what she does and is so sweet. But it's a killer on my bank account.I'll probably keep going because I think she always does a great job. In terms of the front desk people, I have personally never had a problem but sometimes they do give off a less than warm vibe.
4	I like this place. It is a little expensive, but what good hair place isn't?They are pretty friendly. They write client notes so even if you don't have the same person, they make an effort to get to know you. Also because of these awesome client notes, if you can't get in with the same person, you can still get your hair done in the color/highlights you like!i would recommend :)
1	Dolce needs a better system for answering the phones. On multiple occasions I have been placed on hold for a really long time (over 10 minutes) before anyone picked up. That is ridiculous! Is this a hair salon or a credit card company?! Sure, you can book online but then you can't pick your stylist. For a salon that prides themselves on their level of customer service this is very disappointing. :-(
4	I continue  to frequent Dolce and since Shannon has left, I see Eve. She is an awesome nail tech and person! So sweet and so fun! I have seen another girl or two but no one who I would run back too. I would give 5 stars to Eve all day long but leaving 4 stars for Dolce's prices. Groupon, specials, and their points program definitely help but I am not spending $90 on a mani/pedi unless I am on vacation and at a resort:) I will continue to keep Dolce in my rotation whenever it can get a deal on the price!
