5	We just tried the new BLT steak at the JW Marriott Camelback Inn last night.  It was their third day of service.  Despite that, we were treated to excellent service, great food, and awesome experience.First of all, the resort is newly renovated and it looks incredible, like a lodge in the desert with views of  Camelback mountain from the patio.  The dining room is open and airy - not as trendy as Bourbon steak.  Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!The Cote de Bouf for two entree ($86) was perhaps the best steak I've ever had - with bone marrow and bacon and mushroom ragout on top.  Sides were good as well as the salads.Prices were high but I thought worth every penny.  Welcome, my new favorite steakhouse in town! (at least until the new one opens at the Phoenecian)
5	Holy goodness, this was awesome. Tonight I had a dining experience so amazing that I can't even attempt to be hateful, catty and mean about it. BLT Steak is the best restaurant in the Valley, for realz.The Camelback Inn is a beautiful property and BLT Steak fits right in. The dining room and patio directly faces south on Lincoln, giving you a breathtaking view of Camelback Mountain. This served as a great reminder that I will have to hike my fat ass up Echo Canyon about 50 times to work off all the beef I'm about to devour. Inspirational!The bar has attentive service, stiff drinks and serves complimentary olives, nuts and pop corn with some wizardy spices sprinkled on top. Score - because I like to pre-eat before I sit down and eat. (not being sarcastic)  The servers are great - I think we had a separate food server and beverage attendant, which was fancy and efficient - too things that rarely go hand in hand.But the real highlight was the food. I don't even know where to begin. I'll list everything I ate, and describe it, if I can:Bread with pate: The only thing I didn't like, but I'm not a fan of liver. Not their fault.Moving on...Fresh Popovers with euro butter: The second best bread experience of my life, second only to the GIANT BREAD CART at Le Louis XV, Alain Ducasse's restaurant in Monaco. (An EPIC journey in dining and a must visit for anyone who lives to eat)Hamachi: The freshest buttery yellow tail that ever lived - or lived than died. Whatever - it was dope.Shrimp Cocktail: Holla! Chopped Salad: This was pretty good - but more like a greek salad hybrid. I'd skip it in favor of the...Buffalo Mozzarella Salad: Jackpot! Cheese so soft it melted. Fresh yellow tomatoes, great dressing etc.Filet: The best filet I've had in Arizona, dethroning Maestros and Donovan's, for sure.Ahi Tuna: Rare, plump, buttery, holy shit.Glazed Carrots: I'm obsessed with carrots, particularly cooked ones, and I don't know why. These carrots were off the hook and I almost ate the whole a la carte bowl.Hash Browns: The fact that the hashies came in huge hunks of hash brown pie was pretty awesome and ridiculousPecan Pie: Dope, and ice-creamyFruit Crepe:I  wasn't a fan - too passion fruity for me. But my dining partners dug it.Random Complimentary Dessert Cookies: A nice surpriseSauces: Holy f-ing crap - they offer all these random sauces like peppercorn sauce, horseradish and a mustard trio. Order them ALL even though they are $3 each. Totally worth it!I really liked this entire experience. I left fat and stuffed and happy - and didn't even feel sick or like I had to RUN - not walk - to the bathroom immediately after. Similar dining experiences at steakhouses make me dash for the loo. I know - gross. But you know it happens to you too.BLT Steak 4E, bitches. Seriously.
3	What recession? BLT was packed.. Dinner for 2, about 300 bucks! The steaks were just alright, I don't care for the fact that they burn the steaks at 1700 degree leaving the crust blackened and very bitter.. the sides were all very greasy.. the celery root gratin was swimming in oil.. the onion rings were so greasy they glistened in the well appointed lighting.. Gnocchi was stuck to the cast iron pan and literally fell apart when you trying pulling some out.. hen of the woods was unseasoned and very dry.Desserts were dismal.. ordered Pumpkin Pie, Caramelized Cheesecake and Chocolate Torte.. the pumpkin pie could have been from anywhere, though Marie Calendar's makes a better pie. Caramelized cheesecake had crispy caramel on top that was so badly torched it was disgustingly bitter. Chocolate torte gave the cheesecake a run for its money, was covered in the most bitter chocolate powder ever, though after scraping it off it was just alright.Highlights.. Tuna tartar was amazingly delicious.. Scallop was off the chart delicious.. chicken liver pate was great, some of the best Ive ever had! Popovers.. oh my gawd! The popovers were so good I could have stripped naked and made passionate love to it right there.. hmm, me having popover sex in public, well, maybe not! Anyway, if you dont want to spend big bucks on dinner stick with the seafood apps, share a steak and ask them not to burn it, skip the desserts and go to Ice Tango its only a few miles away. How's that for recession dining?
5	Warning:  what you are about to read may make you want to break open your piggy bank or take a large withdrawal out of your savings account... and likely, you will need to do so to afford to enjoy a meal at BLT Steak.  Read on at your own risk!My fiance and I went on a double date to BLT on Friday night, 2/13 with my parents.  We were celebrating Valentines day a night early, and celebrating the fact that our wedding plans are coming together little by little... this is the perfect place for a celebration!The service was over the top attentive beginning with the valet and hostesses to our server, Matt, and everyone in between.  When I asked where the ladies room was, he escorted me there.  Nice touch.  He also acknowledged our engagement as I told them we were celebrating when I made the reservation.  When we were deciding upon which wine to order, Matt offered to send over the sommelier.  While we didn't take him up on his offer, I was still quite impressed!Since we arrived right on time for our 6:45 reservation, we didn't get to try the "complimentary olives, nuts and pop corn with wizardy spices sprinkled on top" that Jenn H mentioned in her review.  Bummer, cause I love that stuff, but probably good because I had room more for everything else we ordered.I skipped the first bread course but I ate an entire popover - the second bread course.  Divine.  Really.  I didn't realize what a huge popover fan I was until I polished that off!Oh - and I can't go on without mentioning the fact that we had a really tasty smooth and savory bottle of Cabernet that went well with everything we ordered.  OK - on to the apps...I had the raw oysters, my dad had the fried oyster special, and Jared had a spinach salad.  Of course, we shared with my mom as well.  Actually, come to think of it, I think they shared theirs but I'm not so sure I shared mine!We did share our sides, and each one was better than the next... creamed spinach, glazed carrots, and stuffed mushrooms.  To go with those, my parents shared a T-bone steak (cowboy dusted I think), and Jared and I shared a Kobe Ribeye.  It was ahhhhhmazing!We were way full after all of that food, but we were celebrating after all, so we decided to share a dessert which my family allowed me to choose.  I went with the blueberry-lemon merengue.  My dad didn't like my choice, so he requested a chocolate peanut butter mousse as well.  On top of that, they brought us some complimentary espresso chocolate petits fours.Can you say food coma?!BLT was an experience... and I enjoyed every second of it.  I highly recommend BLT for a celebratory meal or dinner/drinks if someone else is footing the bill!Lastly, in case you didn't know ('cause I didn't before I took a BLT business card), BLT stands for Bistro Laurent Tourondel, named after Superstar Chef Laurent Tourondel... and there are several other BLT concepts across the US.
5	We dined here for my birthday on 2/13. We had a reservation and we were seated promptly. We got a very nice table with corner bench seating, so we could sit side by side. Our server was efficient and very friendly. We were served the complimentary chicken pate. Sorry to say, I am not a fan of pate, but it was a very nice touch. Next came the legendary popovers. I understand that these are Chef Tourondel's signature. They were so amazing. We decided to share the crab cake appetizer. It was served with remoulade and spicy coleslaw. I can't say enough about how delicious it was! The slaw and the crab was a perfect combination. It was definitely the best crab cake that I ever have eaten. The best! Since it was my birthday, I went a little crazy with birthday drinking. I had "The Fountain of Youth" which was delicious. Can't remember any of the ingredients, but it's an amazing drink. For dinner, I had the filet mignon. Oh, my. It was perfectly cooked, and so tender and delicious with the right amount of char. I opted for the chimichurri sauce which was SO good. BJ opted for the 3 lb. lobster. Wholly, mother of lobster, it was huge and perfectly prepared. And even more amazing, he was able to eat it all. Well, I helped a bit. For sides, we selected grilled asparagus and a baked potato. The potato was served with add your own sour cream, chives, cheese and bacon. The sides were huge and meant for sharing. Even though we were full, we couldn't not pass on dessert. We had the warm chocolate tart served with pistachio ice cream. Wow, it was so good. Also, they were thoughtful enough to serve this complimentary with a nice bday inscription on the plate complete with candle. How nice. Another thoughtful touch was a letter with the Chef thanking us for dining there and a promise of 10% off on our next visit. Wow, that's sweet!  Also, the complimentary dessert cookies were also very nice!As the other yelp reviewers have mentioned, this restaurant is expensive and best reserved for special occasions. However, my birthday experience here is one that will never be forgotten. It was amazing!!  Thanks BLT!
5	You have to be ready to spend some $$ to enjoy this place.  The place is nice and service was great.  The steak and accompanying sauces for the fries were great.  The portions were good and the overall experience were definitely memorable.  I would recommend this place.
3	I was so looking forward to eating here since it got such great reviews, however, was kind of disappointed.  Atmosphere:  Its a nice restaurant that is in the Marriott Camelback Inn. I love the outside waiting area by the fire.Menu:Bread - one the best parts of the mealHamachi - very tastyBeet Salad - I love beets, I would be happy to eat them out of the can. So any preparation is just fantasticFilet - I asked for medium rare and it looked cooked more than I like and also was dry.  Creamed Spinach - they weren't very creamy and wasn't very good.Au Gratin Potatos - these were awesome!Chocolate Tart - it was good, but i actually like the complimentary brownie cookies better.Groth Cab - fantastic,  I will look for this again.It was a nice meal because of the company, but was overpriced.  I don't need to come back
4	My husband and I ventured up to BLT Steak at Camelback Inn on Friday evening to celebrate our third wedding anniversary, which was two days earlier. We sat inside and our corner table gave us a perfect view of Camelback Mountain at night. Our waiter was super nice and did a great job of suggesting items and answering questions when we had them. There was a seperate server who kept our water glasses full all night - we couldn't take more than two sips without having them refilled it seemed like. My only negative about our waiter was that when it was time for a new glass of wine for me, he didn't check with me first to see if I wanted another glass of the same wine. I think we all know the common saying about assuming things...On to the food...here's what we sampled:Popovers - delicious. I was a bit skeptical about the butter and sea salt, especially since I don't like butter very much, but it was great! Caesar salad - good size and it was one of the best caesar salads I have had in awhile. Crabcake - my least favorite part of the meal. While it wasn't horrible, there was a bit too much celery for my taste and not enough crab meat.Cowboy Ribeye - since it was 22 oz, I graciously told my husband that I would have some of it so he could order it. Now those that know me know that I don't eat red meat because I don't like the taste. But I sucked it up and had some...holy crap, I had a few bites and said, "Wow, this is really good". So that should say something about how good it was. However, my husband did think the outside was a tad too well done, although the meat itself was cooked perfectly. While he liked the ribeye, he did think his steak at SW Steakhouse in Las Vegas was better.Mashed potatoes - is it possible to get divorced over mashed potatoes? I thought we were going to throw it down because one side of the potatoes was just not enough!! They were sooo creamy and delicious. Chocolate peanut butter mousse - we got our dessert for free since when I made the reservation I indicated we were celebrating our anniversary. The dessert was a nice way to end the meal, although the chocolate on top was just a touch too rich for my taste.With tip, our bill came to $162 which we did not think was bad at all for as much as we ordered. Unfortunately we didn't get to sit on the patio or enjoy the view at sunset, but I guess that means we'll have to go back which isn't a bad thing at all!
4	What do we have here?  Laurent tourondel's steak house!  I have been here about 6 times and it's a refreshing take on a steak house.  My initial visit was through the GM so we had stellar service; each visit thereafter was also arranged through the GM...so I have no idea how the normal service is.  Bread=heaven- The bread is a Gruyere crusted popever that is served with butter and saltIf you do know any of he management, they will bring the Charcuterie plate on a wood platter.  It typically has Prosciutto, Chorizo, a salami, and i believe another ham with peppercorns.  They also bring some brioche as well, along with the liver pate.Now, the steaks are great.  No doubt, pricey as can be.  I have only had the New York and the Cowboy Ribeye, which is my fav in town at the moment.  In my opinion, the sides are actually better than the steaks.  The mashed/whipped/whatever they call it potatoes are delectable.  YOU MUST GET THEM.  However, be warned, small portions on the sides.  The carrots are good as well.For dessert, you need to get the Passion Fruit Crepe Souffle.  Off the chain.  It will undoubtedly shock your taste buds at first, but soon thereafter you will be utterly enchanted.So there you go.
4	Talk about a decadent meal! We had a great Girls' Night Out dinner at BLT Steak ... wonderful food, great company ... one of those really fun nights.I was surprised when we were seated and immediately served bread with chicken liver pate - not as good as my mom's (hi Mom!), but it was made with red wine, and it was quite good. Meanwhile, we perused the menu. Most of us opted for their special Prix Fixe meal of the night, which was a great value. For $50 you had a choice of appetizer, entree, side and dessert. I opted for a seared ahi tuna salad, a bone-in jalapeno-infused filet mignon, and baked artichoke. This was an amazing deal considering the a la carte price of each item. For example, we're still reeling from the Kobe beef on the menu that was listed at $26 per ounce. Per ounce?!?! I'm sure it's amazing, but ... wow ...My tuna salad was delicious, and my steak was really great. I ended up coming home with half of it (yummy burritos for husband the next day!). The baked artichoke was just OK. My friend had the fingerling potatoes, which were really fabulous. For dessert, we each chose something different and shared. By far, the favorite of the table was the apricot tart. It had a blackberry sauce drizzled around it and a small scoop of pistachio ice cream. Something about the apricot, the flaky tart crust, the tart blackberry sauce and the sweet (yet salty) pistachio ice cream was just wonderful. We also tried the chocolate tart (VERY rich ... almost like eating straight cocoa powder), the strawberry souffle (honestly, just OK, despite a rave review from our waiter) and an angel food cake item with raspberry sauce that just paled in comparison. Their wine selection was quite extensive ... Oh, I almost forgot! After we ordered, we were served popovers that were so wonderful. The fresh butter and sea salt on the eggy, crusty dough was delicious. AND, we were also served espresso petit fours that were so good, we really didn't need dessert after one of those. Yum! All in all, a great meal, but definitely on the pricey side .... If you go, make an event out of it. We were there for hours, and it was a great environment to chat and giggle and eat. :-)
4	Let me start by saying that desert was PHENOMENAL!  The table shared the Peanut Butter mousse with chocolate covering and banana ice cream and we all felt a little piece of heaven descend upon us.  And quite frankly, the rest of the food was really, really good, too.  So why not 5-stars you ask?  (I'll wait... go ahead and ask.  I'M WAITING!)For three people, we dropped about $350 total which included a $60 bottle of wine.  Two of us had the smallest steak offered (8oz filet... quite delightful) and we each got one side (and shared).  This is one of those places that as good as it was, I felt like we were being pushed along to spend more money here and there when it wasn't always necessary.  You know the place... where it seems the waiter is pushing you towards the more expensive entree so you might leave a bigger tip.  Nonetheless, the food was great and we had a really nice time.  Just know that it's going to cost you a pretty penny (plus a few dimes, quarters, and hundred dollar bills.)FOLLOW UP NOTE:  The restaurant's manager reached out to me following my review to say thank you for both the praise and the feedback as well as to find out if there would be an opportunity to do better in the future.  This is the type of effort that really is refreshing and greatly appreciated.  If every restaurant took this much ownership of their customers' experiences, I would probably never eat at home again.  Thank you Kristin!
4	BLT Steak is one of three new "modern steakhouses" that have taken over the dining rooms of Scottsdale resorts. While I lament the loss of local gourmet restaurants in exchange for somewhat corporate "celebrity chef" ones, I was very pleased by the other two, J&G at the Phoenician and Bourbon Steak at the Fairmont (although my experience there was limited to dessert). We decided to give BLT Steak a try, while they're running their $50 blackboard menu 3-course special (it's actually 3.5 courses--app, entree, side, and dessert).Things started nicely with a chicken liver amuse, on toasted baguette. Then they bring out their famous popovers--which are spectacular-- and you're almost ready to call it a night! We shared the crabcake app from the regular menu, the white asparagus app, dover sole entree, and broccolini side from the blackboard menu, and the potatoes au gratin side from the regular menu. Nothing was tremendously impressive. Don't get me wrong--everything was very good--but nothing made us say, "WOW!" And at prices like these, I need a few "WOW!" moments. They were out of the peach melba cake for dessert so they brought us the other two off the blackboard menu, which was very nice. Unfortunately, neither one impressed. In fact, I found the apricot phyllo tart with mint creme to be a terrible mix of flavors.Service was wonderful, and the dining room is contemporary and casually stylish...definitely your Gen X / Gen Y steakhouse. But the prices are just too high for food that's merely "very good." It might not be fair to judge a steakhouse without trying the steaks, but Seftel seemed to suggest that they aren't the star here, compared to other Valley steakhouses. If that's true, it's even more reason to head to J&G, Bourbon Steak, or Mastro's instead of BLT Steak. We left saying, "Better than BLT Burger, in Las Vegas." But see my review of BLT Burger and you'll see that's not saying too much.
5	I had the pleasure of dining at BLT Steak last night and must say it was Phenomenal.  Everything from the beautiful decor to the warm personal service and of course the delicious food made this my new favorite steak house in the Scottsdale area. Although I must say that I have not been to J&G yet. ( I wonder how Howard Seftel can miss BLT for his top ten steak houses as I thought it was far better than his top pick.)To begin with the complimentary pate starter was a nice touch and those popovers are to die for.  Now, I am quite the carnivore so I LOVE a great steak  and typically get the New York strip but they offered a filet that came with sweetbreads that I couldn't pass up.  It had just the right amount of char on the outside and was cooked at a perfect medium rare. The flavor was incredible and went very well with the hen of the woods mushrooms. (This is the only place I have ever found those on the menu in the Phoenix area)  And the part I liked best about their steaks is that they stand on their own, there is no need to soak them in butter or in fat to give them added flavor. Although they offer a slew of sauces to accompany your steak, they are not needed but some are very tasty. I enjoyed the red wine sauce and the peppercorn but found the bearnaise somewhat disappointing.I also judge a great steak house by the attention they give to their appetizers and side items. I get bored with the typical wedge salad and boring steamed vegetables.  BLT did not disappoint with their delectable hamachi appetizer and the white asparagus salad.They were both amazing to say the least.  As for the side items we ordered off the specials menu which I was told is where the chef creates his own dishes from local products. The sweat corn with prawns was wonderful and to find speatzle on the menu was a real treat.  I could come here and just get the appetizers and side items but then again why would I want to pass up such a great steak.I thought I was to full for dessert but my guest ordered the passion fruit souffle crepe. WOW!!!! Flavor just explodes in your mouth. We devoured it and those wonderful little chocolate petifores they give you are way to yummy. I found the service staff to be friendly, knowledgeable and efficient without being overbearing or pushy. All in all we had a great time and will definitely make this our stop for steak  in the valley. As a side note it is pricey but no more so than Mastro's or Ruth Chris  and I found it to be less expensive than Bourbon Steak.
4	Now I have a second favorite steak house in town!  The first being Bourbon Steak(I'm a duck fat fry guy)  Most everything was terrific here.  Some of the hard things to accept are the wine prices..Paying $98 for a $28 bottle is not easy to swallow.  The wine is good but not worth $98.  So you can imaging what it will cost for a higher quality wine.  The pate and pop overs were nice.  The service was spotty throughout the meal and at these prices a real let down.  Several items we ordered were not even delivered.  The pacing was painful even on a slow Thursday night.  The salad was high quality and big enough to share.  The meat was cooked perfectly and full of flavor even with no sauce which they charge $3 for?  When you mark up the wine 300% it seems insulting to charge for sauce.  Sides were just OK with the Au gratin potatoes being on the small side. I did not try the deserts but the ones that did get ordered didn't survive for long.  They also have a prixe-fixe menu but out of the eight people no one tried it.  Very nice dinning room with piped in music that raises the decibel level.  Over look the very few short comings for a memorable, expensive, delicious night out.
5	I'm disappointed that I did not know that BLT was in the valley until last week.  I am a big fan of BLT Prime in NYC.  We attended a birthday party there the other night and the dinner was spectacular.  The menu was set and the dinner was served family style.  For appetizers we had crab cakes, shrimp cocktail, spinach salad, chicken liver pate and cheese popovers.  The main course consisted of short ribs, steak, swordfish and free-range chicken.  sides included grilled asparagus, creamed spinach and augratin potatoes. Finally for desert there was strawberry Sunday's lemon meringue tarts, and Chocolate cake .  Everything was outstanding.The decor is contemporary and comfortable and the service was as good as the food!
5	Very good meal along with very good service. We sat on their patio which faces Camelback Mtn., a beautiful spot. The popover bread thing was good and innovative. We split the cowboy rib-eye. It was delicious and enough for the date split. Our waiter recommended both the tuna appy and the peanut butter mousse dessert. Both were great. Spent a deuce total with a $60 bottle of wine. Fun night.
3	This place was ok ONLY because we came here for restaurant week so we didn't pay the outrageous menu prices!  4 drinks at the bar cost over $60!  The serve was great but that was it.  Starters we had the tomato and mozzeralla and squash soup.  Very ordinary.  We were intrigued by the bacon appetizer and it was just AWFUL.  They didn't serve it to us till we reminded them half way through the meal.  Then to all our disppointment, the only taste to it was BURNT CHARRING.  Not one bit of bacon taste.  We all had the hanger steak which was slightly overcooked for medium rare and was over-salted.  Highlights were the cheese popover.  Absolutely delicious, probably the best part of the meal and it is complimentary!  The dessert would follow as second best thing.  Cheesecake topped with fresh berries and a peanut butter mousse.  These were up to par to what you would expect from a restuarant that charges $45 for a steak but who goes to a steakhouse for dessert.
5	OK--BLT is my new favorite restaurant.  Too bad I live in Chicago...I thought everything was perfect--the cocktails, the popovers (!!!), the steak, the service.  The only thing that I was less than pleased with was the pate.  Perhaps I am not a pate person--others seems to like it.  It looked and tasted like cat food to me--it was not a thick enough consistency or something for me.  But--considering it was free, who cares?  The popovers and the champagne cocktails were more than enough in the "freebie" department.  The steak was fantastic!  It was the hanger steak, so a less expensive/tender cut...but the flavor and seasoning was amazing, as well as it being cooked to perfection.  I think the camelback inn has a real jewel having this as part of their resort.  Unlike so many other resort restaurants, it was neither stuffy nor putting on airs.  Just an all around great vibe as well as great food.
2	My husband and I had a rare evening alone and decided to celebrate 12 years of being together by going to BLT at the Camelback Inn. Seated promptly on the patio the view and the weather were perfect.  That pretty much was the highlight of the evening....other than the popovers.  The service was absolutely horrible.  Our waiter clearly had too many stations and couldn't seem to give us any attention.  We are not the type of couple who like a lot of attention but it was 45 minutes before placing our order.  We ordered from the fixed price menu and were really surprised that the appetizers took 20 minutes to come out, and the main course was another 20 minutes after they took the appetizers away.  My husband had ordered the rib eye with sweet breads.  He ordered the rib eye medium rare and it came out overly well done.   I had the diver scallops were which cooked perfectly, served cool - which was disappointing, and the ragout of lima beans (nearly raw) and olives was too salty for my palate.   We tried to get our waiters attention to let him know about the steak, but after 3 attempts and over 15 minutes, we gave up - signaled a manager, and the meal was removed from the bill.  We had a great night otherwise.  It was nice just to be outside looking at the mountain and enjoy each other's company.   We spent 3 hours on a 3 course dinner and I truly loved all the time together.We may try again another time as there did appear to be many wonderful sounding dishes on the menu and the atmosphere was nice.  From the other yelpers it sounds like we had an off night, but for the prices and the hype - consistency should be a given.
4	The food, views and service were all outstandingWorth the trip if only for the popovers!. A bit pricey and the wine list was mostly big names at top dollar.I would have liked to have seen a few more obscure value wine options here.The patio was nice, but all of the chairs and tables were wobbly. One would think that during high season, patio seating would be a premium and they would address the state of the furniture.
5	HAPPY ANNIVERSARY!  you guys know how to throw a party!!  Everything was perfect: the setting, the patio, amazing & attentive servers, speedy bartenders, absolutly fantastic food!  (cept i am not sure why everyone says those pop-overs are to die over?  they are just yorkshire pudding things - sheesh!).  Steak was YUM!  creamy potaotes (could have eaten a bowl full) were amazing.and you had (1 of) my favorites cabs!  (ZD - Mmmmmm).Talk about a perfect evening with a gorgeous setting - thank you!
4	We had a lovely dinner at BLT Steak for my birthday.  We sat outside as the weather is so much better, but towards the end we got a little chilly, and the chairs were not as comfortable. The reason I can't give 5 stars is because inconsistency with service and food. The waiters were all over the place,  talking in whispers to each other, like they were confused. The restaurant was at about 2/3 capacity.  Our waiter was very nice, but it took a while before we got our water, which they apologized for. He did keep on top my husband's Coke refills.  The amuse bouche of pate and toasted bread was served to us before the water. It was good, nice texture and a hint of red wine I think. Like many people reviewed before me, the popovers are the size of soccer balls but light and melt in your mouth. Mine was kind of burned but still delicious. I ordered from the black board menu, I had sweet potato gnocchi, NY strip, mac & cheese. The gnocchi was good, it came with sweet breads, which I don't care for much. The NY strip I ordered med well ( pregnant:-s) but it was more well done and more burned than charred. The mac & cheese was very good, creamy and melty. We also ordered potatoes au gratin which were amazing!!! I could have eaten a huge pan of just those. The sides are pretty small, can be barely share by two people . Considering the pate and popovers prior to the meal, I guess it works ok. My husband had a spinach salad, nice size definitely enough for two. It was very good. He loves meat and splurged on the Kobe steak. Wow. Just wow. That steak sliced like butter and seriously melted in your mouth. Going back to my steak was kind of sad.For dessert I had PB & J brioche bread pudding....... Yum yum yum!  The thing is, it was served on a little pot and some parts were warm and others were cold? So, it was not quite a 5 star restaurant experience yet still good. We will definitely return though, those popovers, potatoes, dessert and husband's Kobe steak are more than worth it.
1	BLT recently had a write up as one of the top steak houses in the Valley.  Hmm... thus, we ventured over to the Camelback Inn to try this steak house, which apparently has been open for over a year. The wine list is not for a light wallet as we flipped thru the pages to find a reasonable wine below $50.  Finally, we made our choice.  The waitress returned with sad news: not in stock.  (Why they just didn't run down to Safeway to pick up the bottle of  Layer Cake, was a thought that hit me later. )  Poor service and poor taste by the staff not to offer a similar wine at the same price.  Alas, we picked a higher priced bottle. Next, we meandered to a cheese tray.  A fourth menu for the cheese selection now crowded the table, with the wine list, original menu plus the Chef's Blackboard specials.  There was the option to pick 5 out of 7 cheeses and the cheese cart was dramatically wheeled over in about ten minutes of wonder.  Soo, we have the selection of 5 but they are out of 2 cheeses... wow, lack of options were not impressing us. Thus, our last decision was to skip dinner and head to the Sanctuary.  The cozy retreat where the service was definitely geared to the customer.
5	Fantastic service. Crabcake appetizer was really good. We loved the popover bread they bring to each table.    We had the filet and new york strip with stuffed  mushroom caps and potatoes. Dessert was the carrot cake with ginger ice cream..  Would come back and highly recommend.
2	I don't mind paying up for a meal, but if you're gonna charge me a bunch, you've got to be worth it. That is the problem with BLT. Everything is OK, and OK just feels like a ripoff. The wine list was over 3 times the Costo price for some of the bottles (I had no idea but was dining with a wine guy). I was with 6 people and everyone agreed the best part of the night was the popover. Not exactly what you want to say after coughing up $500 for a meal. There are too many choices for an expensive meal in Scottsdale, there is no reason to go back to BLT.
5	BLT Steak truly is a special occasion restaurant, as my boyfriend and I learned firsthand on Valentine's Day. We arrived at the JW Marriott Resort's restaurant a little early and were greeted by the hostess, who then apologized that they were running a little behind on reservations. Not a problem, since we'd hoped to have a drink in the bar before dinner. The bartender made a good Manhattan for my sweetie and I enjoyed my V-Day special drink, which was a prickly pear-flavored Cosmo. Just a little while later, we were approached by a woman who announced that our table was ready, placed our drinks on a silver tray, and escorted us to our seats. (I love when restaurants go the extra step and take care of your drinks for you. Failing that, I love when my date carries my drink for me.)At our table, we were faced with a terrible decision: order off the $60 special prix-fixe menu or select from one of the many prime cuts of steak on offer. The horror! Fortunately for us, the items on the prix-fixe menu were also available a la carte. We decided to splurge and get the most romantic dish on the menu: the 40 oz. Porterhouse for two, plus a roasted beet salad starter from the prix-fixe menu and sides of creamed spinach and potatoes au gratin. Last of all we selected Roquefort and Bearnaise from the list of sauces. Honestly, there were so many choices in each category and everything sounded so great that it took us about half an hour before we could place our order. Our server was patient with us throughout and never made us feel rushed.Sometime in between ordering our entrees and receiving the complimentary gigantic popovers for which BLT is famous (and rightly so), we were approached by the sommelier who offered recommendations, such as a bottle of DeLille Cellars D2 2007.Our Porterhouse was a massive two inches thick, cooked to the requested medium-rare, topped with a thyme compound butter, and served sliced on the bone with a roasted head of garlic alongside. My first bite of steak practically melted in my mouth, and though they didn't need it, the remainder of my bites were topped with either sauce. Some of the steak seemed to be a bit more done, but that's to be expected when trying to cook such a thick, bone-in cut. I found that I preferred the Roquefort with the more well-done pieces, and the Bearnaise with the rare.The sides arrived in adorable individual Staub casseroles and were also mouth-watering. The gratin was a perfectly arranged layer of potato coins bathed in a rich, creamy, cheesy sauce with a hint of roasted garlic. And the creamed spinach was the best I've had: not too saucy and with the perfect amount of nutmeg.Throughout the meal, the wine paired well and really opened up as the evening progressed. At the conclusion of the meal, however, I realized that the full-bodied wine's flavor had changed to something more, well, saline. In fact, the only note I could taste was salt--and my boyfriend agreed. When Scott came by to check on us, we invited him to taste some of the wine. He declined politely, but when we explained that the flavor of the wine was now off, he poured a small taste off the floor. When he returned he conceded that he could see how we felt it was now salty, and said that perhaps it would have benefited from being decanted. Did we want it taken off our bill? Just then, although we'd declined dessert, our server placed a complimentary plate of brownie-like bites on the table. As Scott was talking, I took a bite and then a sip of the wine. Again, the wine's flavor changed and really enhanced the toffee flavor of the little cake. My boyfriend told Scott that the wine had been fine up until the end--and was again perfect. Still, Scott insisted that we have two glasses of dessert wine, especially since we'd received yet another complimentary dessert plate, this time of chocolate mousse-filled cornets.As we sipped the late harvest Zinfandel and the Hungarian Tokaji, we chatted with Scott and learned that he is originally from Napa. We mentioned that we are from the Bay Area and enjoy going up to wine country. But next time we'll be well armed with his suggestions of wineries to try.My sweetie and I ended up closing down the restaurant, with full bellies and fond memories. Even though there had been some minor imperfections with our meal, the personal attention we received from Scott Larson and the gracious service ensured this five-star review.
5	Bistro Laurent Tourondel (BLT) located at the Camelback Inn, Scottsdale is a modern take on the American Steakhouse. After just one bite of my Bone In Filet, BLT Scottsdale erased my bad memories of CUT and vaulted into my top 5 Steaks of all time. NOt only was it perfectly cooked but the flavors continue on my palate a week and several other great meals later. The meal started off with giant popovers w/ gruyere. Fluffy, rich and just a touch of cheese made these popovers melt in your mouth. To compliment our steaks we ordered the chef's creation of Spaetzle (one of my favorites foods) with balck truufle oil and Hen of the Woods Mushrooms and Arugula. It sounded starnge but how could you turn down spaetzle? The Arugula gave it a bit of a crunch, the mushrooms were a little much and hid the spaetzle some. It was still very good though.
4	One of my favorite restaurants in the valley.5 star food, 3.5 star service. If it weren't for faltering service, I'd give the place 5+ stars.Everything about this restaurant, from the menu, the printing of the menu, the furniture, decor, the generous spacing of the tables, and the demeanor of the servers is almost perfect. Mix of music was a bit random and inconsistent with the atmosphere--Rick James "Give It To Me Baby" sandwiched between Coldplay's "Clocks" and some quiet jazz.  It was easy for me to ignore, but I could see how others might be easily disappointed. The service started out with 5 stars--well articulated recommendations and menu knowledge, great timing, didn't have to ask for anything, etc... Unfortunately, 1/3 of the way through our meal the attentiveness and timing (clearing plates, pouring wine, serving entrees in less than 1 hour!) started to severely falter.  At least server took initiative to apologize and offer 4 free desserts for our party of 4.  We'd still rather have great service and a dining experience that doesn't take 3 hours (due to slow service and slow kitchen), over free dessert.However, a simple apology for poor service can go a long way. Especially when it's accompanied by the best rack of lamb in the valley.  It's hard for me to articulate how well prepared and phenomenally delicious every single item was.  Every cut of meat--the lamb, steak and fish was excellent. The chef's combinations of seasonings and herbs perfectly complemented the meats. Every side was also amazing--best onion rings anywhere, perfectly grilled asparagus (precisely the perfect amount of char to add excellent flavor without burning the them).Be prepared to skip an appetizer and save room for dessert--it's by far the best I've had anywhere in PHX.  Between the phenomenal complimentary popovers, entrees, sides, & wine I can't fathom anyone having enough room for both dessert & apps. So make it dessert. And strongly consider the peanut butter chocolate mousse w/ banana ice cream or the crepe souffle with passion fruit sauce. I'll be dreaming about those for the rest of my life.Yes, it's expensive. But more than worth it.
5	I have been a fan of Ruth's Chris forever, but I must say our experience at BLT Steak  last Friday equaled or exceeded any steakhouse meal we have had before.  The popovers you get before the meal are wonderful, but resist the temptation to eat all of them as then you will either leave a lot of food behind or take a lot home.  The steaks we ordered (filet for my wife, bone-in rib eye for me) both were perfectly cooked with a nice outside char.  The various sauces available also are a nice touch.  What helps this place stand out however are all the great appetizers--we had German potato balls and poached green beans and both were wonderful.  Desserts too, were excellent.  It seems that Scottsdale supports an immense number of high end steakhouses, but if they are all this good, I can see why!
5	The Cowboy Rib Eye was delicious! Excellent creamed spinach and sauteed mushrooms were perfect sides. The Popovers with cheese are worth the trip.  We had a great time, great food and a great experience before dinner on the terrace enjoying cold beverages and a beautiful view of the gardens
3	Based on the high recommendations from my foodie friends, I was expecting the best steak of my life at BLT.  As it turns out, I thought my steak was OK, the rest of the meal was pretty good, and the service was adequate.   Maybe my expectations were too high.I also have to admit that I may not have the proper palate for this place:   I like my steaks lean and tender, not necessarily "full of flavor".  BLT emphasizes wagyu "Kobe" style beef, which is intended to have a *very* high fat content for added flavor, and BLT's steaks are certainly flavorful.  My wagyu skirt steak was OK, but in retrospect I probably would have asked them to cook it longer (maybe medium or medium plus) instead of medium rare if I had realized the fat content in the steak was so high.   I would also say that the steak was over-seasoned for my taste.  A steak with this much natural "flavor" doesn't need more salt.  The sides were good, some very good.   The complementary pate and popovers were outstanding.   Spinach salad was fine, nothing special.  Same with the potatoes and asparagus.  Peanut butter mousse with banana ice cream was excellent.   Service was fine, nothing more or less.   They weren't quick, but it's not the sort of place where you need to be rushed.  I greatly enjoyed the views of Camelback Mountain from the patio, so I wasn't in a hurry.  It did seem like we had several different people waiting on us, maybe there was some confusion by the staff.  So overall, BLT was fine.  Certainly not bad.   But I was expecting something that was a notch above the other steak houses in Scottsdale, and I can't say that BLT met that expectation.   Admittedly, I shouldn't have  ordered the Wagyu beef;  it's not my thing, and that's not their fault.   If I go back (and I probably will because my foodie friends love it), I'll get one of the other steaks.
5	in short: popovers excellent, steak awesome, gnocchi  incredible, drinks great, deserts great, i'm a fani'm surprised at some of the low ratings. i can see how some people may say the service is slow, but it isn't mcdonalds. i believe they want you to take the time to enjoy your meal, not scarf it down. the night i went, they were short staffed, and the waiter david (i think) was working his butt off. i saw he had outside tables, inside tables, he was all over the place i don't know how he kept track of everything. the drinks: we tried 2 or 3 different drinks, all were excellent. the manhattan was nice and sweet, how i like it. if you haven't tried ice cider it is worth it with desert. the food: the amuse should be changed. i don't know how many people enjoy chicken livers. the busboy came by and while clearing the amuse, he said how did you enjoy it. i told him i don't eat chicken livers. he laughed and said he didn't like it either. the honesty was refreshing. i guess the amuse did make me try something new,but if i was supposed to enjoy it, that didn't happen. the duck fat fries at bourbon steak, now those are great.as for the steaks, why would you order kobe beef? i have tried it once before and don't understand the allure. its just a greasy, fatty, piece of meat without much flavor. now, the ny strip, damn that was good. nicely aged, flavorful, tender. i tried a few different dipping sauces, the roquefort was right up my alley, but honestly, it didn't need anything. the flavor of the steak alone was great. as for the sides, the gnocchi was incredible. i have never had gnocchi so light and fluffy before. my gf is now obsessed. the problem is, i don't know where to get gnocchi that is like blt's. the popovers are amazing as well. the butter doesn't do it any justice but a sprinkle of salt lights it up.for desert we had some peanut butter chocolate thing, and a lemony tart. i really don't know what it was, i just asked the waiter to bring 2 different ones. both were outstanding.
4	We made a late reservation here on a Friday night and by the time we showed up at 9p the place was mostly empty. Instead of feeling rushed by a staff that wanted to clean up and get out of there, we had a very nice meal. Both of our steaks were perfectly cooked and the grilled asparagus was one of the best asparagus sides I've had in town. We both thought the potato gratin was overly salty and I thought the dressing on the salad was a overly tart. The atmosphere is a little bit casual for the prices being paid, but overall it's a pretty good place and I wouldn't be surprised if we make a return visit at some point. I think Bourbon Steak and J&G are both better as far as resort steakhouses go, but BLT is up there.
5	This is one of my fav happy hour spots, especially when it's nice outside and you can sit, have some apps and wine for $5 and enjoy the view of the mountains around you.  Very beautiful inside and out and very attentive waitstaff.
4	Very good food. Consistent, friendly service from bar to dining staff. Popovers are amazing.
4	Excellent food, excellent service, excellent room. Not quite Craft, but darn close. Looking forward to dinning there again.
2	We decided to eat here for our 4th anniversary dinner.  Let's start with the positives.  Beautiful decor, love the contemporary feel with the chalk blackboard  wall. Great location, the Camelback Inn is very beautiful.  The meal began with the chef's gift of  warm chicken liver spread with thyme and crusty bread - wonderfu,l followed by  the gruyere glazed popover served with a ramekin of european butter and sea salt.-amazing!  A little recipe card is included with the popovers-nice touch.   I wish I had more positives to say I really wanted to love this restaurant.So now for the reasons for the 2 star rating.   When we arrived for our reservation, it would have been nice to have heard happy anniversary since we had noted that on our open table reservation.We were  seated in a great round booth nice intimate location for our anniversary dinner. When we arrived at our booth she  pulled the table out so we could snuggle in the back and on the seat was food.  Thankfully she noticed and I thought she would apologize and promptly clean up. What happened next should have been a warning sign of how our night was going to turn out.  She said, "Oh" and stood there, so I said "here I'll move so you can clean that off.  She then proceeded to enter the booth and swipe the food off the seat onto the floor with her hand.  Not what I'd expect of a Laurent Tourondel restaurant. Our server arrived  promptly but still no happy anniversary.  I don't mean to make a big deal out of the lack of a greeting, it's just  a nice touch when celebrating a special occasion, definitely not a reason to give a 2 star rating though , so I'll continue.   We ordered our wine and to our surprise our server returned promptly and to our relief wished us Happy Anniversary, which quickly turned awkward as he tried to connect with us and tell us all of his friends are starting to marry and have children and now his girlfriend is looking at him wondering what his problem is that he hasn't asked her to marry him yet and how wow thats a lot of responsibility and he didn't know how people could get married blah blah blah. Thanks, you could've kept your happy anniversary.  Awkward and uncomfortable!  He then proceeded to tell us that the wine we ordered was not chilled enough and would we mind if he chilled it for 6-10 minutes.  Really, how could the wine not be chilled if it's on the menu.  Still ok at this point, we aren't high maintenace diners and honestly pretty easy going and very forgiving.  We thought at this point he would take our orders, however even though we were only 1 or 3 tables filled in the restaurant he did not return to take our order until our wine was chilled.  What he did do was help the table next to ours get that perfect photo for their memory album and blind us with the flash of their camera several times cause they weren't quite happy with their photo.  To his credit he did apologize when he returned to take our order.  I ordered the spice rubbed cowboy ribeye, my husband the bone in rib eye, a side of the creamed spinach, jalapeno mash, and hen of the woods mushrooms with a side of chimichuri and green peppercorn sauce.   The cowboy ribeye comes to the table with the whole rib attached to the ribeye not expecting that. The spices were so charred the only flavor I got was burnt and the meat itself was so fatty half the steak was totally inedible. My husband kindly shared his steak which was good, but hardly anything I would return for.  Great hen of the woods mushrooms really enjoyed these  favorite part of the dinner.  The rest of the sides ok nothing great though.  We finished and my husband had to refill his own wine glass, because our server was chatting and taking pictures again.  What happened next was truly shocking, something I'd expect if we were at Mcdonalds  but not a upscale steakhouse.  An electrician showed up and proceeded to change the light bulb that was out at the booth next to ours.  Mind you by this time it was 10:30 pm and the restaurant closed at 11pm.  Really are you freaking kidding me you can't wait a half hour to change a light bulb.  To BLT'S credit they arrived  with a complimentary dessert, however as the wait staff, not our server sets it down in front of us and promptly walks away without explaining what it was we looked down and in fittingly comic horror scribbled on the plate is Happy Birthday!  WOW!!Our server shows to drop off the check and looks at the plate and says" did they write happy birthday?  haha that's funny"Really BLT!  We trusted the reputation of Laurent Tourondel to schedule our special occasion and this was very amateur and embarrassing for your restaurant  at best.  When you go out to dinner and willing fork out over $200 for a meal this is not what is expected.  I guess my husband and I should thank BLT for giving us such a  great story to tell all of our friends and family of the night we wasted over $200 on a comical night of amateur proportion.
4	Had great dinner at BLT steak restaurant. Side bread consisted of a huge popover Gruyere. Steaks were juicy and full of flavor. Service was top notch. Dining in  a drop-dead gorgeous mountain view. What more can you ask for from life!
4	Great place - we checked out the summer 3 courses for $36!  We really enjoyed the food and the service was good too!  I agree that the chalkboard wall was very cool and the decor was great too!
4	BTW...The people from BLT saw my YELP and contacted me to thank me for my input regarding the patio furniture and said they would get right on it!!!!Pretty impressive!!!!
5	I am not sure how anyone could say the service here is subpar. I often stop in for happy hour and am always treated well, even when just having a few cocktails and a snack. The bar staff is very friendly, and I seem to always meet someone new and interesting in the lounge (recently it was a certain individual running for congress in the district - admittedly, I had no idea who he was on sight, but he was cordial and indulged me in a little political banter). As for happy hour - how many high-end resorts or steakhouses offer any kind of a happy hour, much less one so reasonable? The bar offers 5 appetizers, 5 wines by the glass, 5 beers, and 5 cocktails for $5. The food offered are truly appetizers - don't go in looking to get stuffed on the $5 menu (although if you like lounge food you can always go next door to the R-Bar - review on that to come). I do love that they keep you plied with gourmet olives and almonds (complimentary and good for your skin - win, win). The choices of wine by the glass are impressive given the price tag - I could drink the Malbec daily. The cocktails are a mixture of new and old world and offer some unique combinations. The spicy peach Collins features a jalapeno infused gin. One of the aforementioned friendly bartenders showed me how to make it for myself and I'm looking forward to using it to impress guests. Yelp is showing the restaurant has a summer prix-fixe menu for $50 - it is actually $36 ($50 during Arizona high season), and is a notable value. If you check their website know it doesn't get updated regularly, although, it does change regularly. The last time I was in the menu offered a blue cheese wedge, scallops, a crab stuffed twice baked potato and somekindofwonderful blueberry dessert. The prix fix menu provides two choices for each of four courses, these were just my favorites. Up until a few days ago I probably would have written a 4 star review for the BLT, but recently was in with company who ordered the $85 porterhouse steak (for two it isn't such a bad price when you compare it to steak prices at places like Morton's, the Capital Grille etc). I've been working my way through a list of overdue reviews and after having a few bites of this steak decided this one had to be done and had to be 5 stars. This was far and away one of the best steaks I have ever sunken my teeth into. It was relatively rare for my usually Midwestern medium tastes, but it was so soft, tasty and buttery, I may just be a convert .If I have one negative thing to say it is that the patio space could use a serious revamping to make it a comfortable and an enjoyable place to sit and watch the sunset across Camelback Mountain, Malbec in hand.
5	Great location!   Everyone should dine here at least once- the popovers are amazing!  It was a slow night at the resturant but the service was very good, the manager came by to ask if everything was OK, which is always nice.  I had a filet with mushroom caps on the side- soo good.  I will be back to this hotel and to BLT!
4	Very glad we tried out this restaurant while we were staying at Camelback Inn JW Marriott. We are looking forward to trying out other BLTs in NYC
5	Oh BLT how I love thee. You are one of those restaurants that my mind wonders to on a hungry day. You are a restaurant that I think about when I want a restaurant with an atmosphere and view of Camelback Mountain. And with your bar and indoor/outdoor seating arrangements, you are the perfect place to enjoy a meal on a warm or cool day.I've dined at BLT twice and I think I will be setting up a sleeping bag and just living there from now on. Most recently, I went last night for my birthday. When asked to pick my restaurant poison for the unbirthday celebration, I didn't have to think twice before saying BLT. I wasn't disappointed. The restaurant was full with people but not overly crowded. Our table was ready upon arrival and situated just by the patio and overlooking the mountains so a perfect mixture of indoor outdoor seating. The service was a bit on the slow side but I enjoyed that since this was a leisurely dinner and not one you want to get rushed. The waiter definitely gave us our time. After beginning with wine (a must at a Steakhouse of course), we were served my very favorite classic starter -- popovers! They were large in charge and full of buttery taste. I could probably go back for the popovers alone. For the meal, my table chose between the classic steak and the sole. I went with the sole and to insert much needed awful puns here...I felt the soul train after just one bite! How do I describe it. Upon taking a bite, I tasted candied pecan. As random as it sounds, it tasted delicious. It was a good amount of sole and due to the heaviness of the sauce (delicious sauce by the way), I couldn't finish it as much as I tried. I know I'll be dreaming about the sole for years to come. Plus, since this is not a restaurant you visit for a random Tuesday night and the dollar signs exceed $$$, I will be dreaming for awhile but it's a good memory to have! Moving on to dessert, we tasted a bit of everything and the cheesecake was tasty. I ordered an apple crisp tart and it was ok, but the entree was definitely the highlight of the evening. The only awkward moment of the night was that since it was my birthday, my table apparently tried to tell the staff three times and put the note on the reservation. But, alas three reminders later, still no birthday candle on a dessert (which was fine by me since I like to avoid the birthday if at all possible but my table wouldn't let it slide.) Finally after one final awkward reminder, just as we were ready to go and plates had practically been cleared, a random chocolate souffle appeared with happy birthday. Still no candle and the moment was kind of over but the thought still counts. So I'd probably say this was a great birthday spot for me since I don't enjoy the birthday candle as much, but if you visit and that's important to you, you may want to get on that as early in the dinner as possible! Now that I am officially full for the weekend, I will never forget my great birthday experience at BLT and I definitely think this is a restaurant you should consider for a special occasion. One last thing -- the mixologist for cocktails is amazing and she knows her bourbon, so if she's working the night you visit, definitely ask her for a special drink!
4	I went here Friday night with a party of 5.  My wife and I arrived a bit early to check out their bar and to have a cocktail.  The inside and outside of the bar has a great vibe.  Between the relaxed upscale atmosphere, great martinis (with blue cheese olives of course), friendly bar tenders, and the bowls of snacks; I could have sat there all night.  However, I was on a mission to eat an awesome steak so I had to press on....Here are the highlights because just about everything to say has already been said on here:* Popover - WOW! Light, airy, chewey perfection.  The butter and sea salt was a nice touch.* Tuna Tartar - very good * Caesar Salad - excellent and enough to share * Ribeye - this was probably the best ribeye I've ever had.  It was cooked perfectly, had excellent flavor and wasn't too fatty.The only negatives of this place are the sides.  They are small, over-priced for their size, and not memorable at all.  Next time I'm going to try the french fries and/or the mashed potatoes.* Gnocchi - the gnocchi themselves were excellent, but the sauce was just eh.  It was just a regular pasta sauce it seemed like* Maccaroni - not good at all.  They used weird cheese and big pieces of ham or something.* Potato Gratin  - just eh* Carrots and Asparagus -  these 2 sides were very good and I would order them again. The 2 desserts the table sampled were equally as "eh" as the sides.Anyway, the steak was fabulous and I want to return for it.  The service was equally as good as our waiter was extremely friendly and helpful.
5	My favorite steak in the Phoenix area, without question.  We've been here 12 times and consistently had a tremendous experience.  The staff understands the menu, and the sommeliers are quite knowledgeable and friendly.  I tend to stick to the petite filet with the wonderful peppercorn sauce, but the dover sole and branzino have been terrific as well.  The roasted asparagus tastes like God grew it in His garden.  I don't know how they make it so good.  I suppose the desserts aren't anything amazing (though I do love the bowl of berries).  Frankly, after the popovers, entrees, and sides, you probably won't have any room for dessert.  Everything is a la carte, and it isn't cheap, but it definitely is worth it.
4	After reading all other reviews we were very excited to be having dinner at BLT on our annual Spring Training trip. We were so excited for the Gruyere popover, and was sadly disappointed. we didn't think it was that special to be receiving such great reviews. The steak on the other hand was seasoned just right and cooked perfectly to order. we had also order cream spinach as one of our sides, and it was the BEST creamed spinach we've ever tasted. All other yelpers were spot on about the service, very slow, and servers were not trained to give 4 star service. although we were disappointed with the service, we are definitely fans of the food and looking forward to trying BLT Restaurant in our area.
3	I took my significant other here for a date while in town & was impressed with the following:The popover was absolutely divine! The service was also good.The grilled asparagus YUM!! Not impressed with: I was disappointed with the loudness, I felt as if we were shouting at one another. I wanted a certain featured cocktail only to be informed that they were out of the key ingredient. The caesar salad was mediocre, while the jalepeno  mashed did nothing to my palate. Our steaks we charred something we're not used to being from the Midwest. Not sure if it's an Arizona "thing" but I didn't enjoy them at all. The meat was tender but lacked flavor. Would I return ? Probably notI'm giving them 3 stars ONLY because it wasn't a total disaster. For the money I spent I expected better.
5	This is a one-night stand I will dream about for a long time...It was one of those perfect dinners that will bring me back to Scottsdale.  BLT, you done good.Meat: 22oz, bone-in ribeye....child pleazzz, this is Mr. Meat you talkin about.  I could breathe in the 8 oz filet.Wait, let's start from the beginning.  Wine was a Justin Cab.  I am part of the wine club and it was reasonably priced.  Man, the wine is marked up like a chalkboard.Then, on to appetizers: the Hamachi and Tuna Tartare was unreal.  I followed up with a decent Caesar (could improve the salad).  But the fish was fresh and the dressing was unique and colorful to the palate....whatever the hell that means...it's good yelpers.Back to meat: the ribeye was cooked to perfection.  I get excited when I hear a restaurant cooks their meet over 1500 degrees.  You know you are going to get a seared damn locking in those juices.  Also, they serve it on a 500 degree plate.  Issue of cold steak: resolved.The sides were Jalapeno mash (bueno), potato gratin (decent), and poached green beans (others ate that rabbit food).Ambience: traditional.  Dressy, but not pretentious.Service: great.  Multiple runners picking up plates and ensuring your food was delivered in a timely manner.5 out of 5 ribeye!
5	Best steak my wife and I have ever had.  This was one of our favorite restaurants.  The popovers are delicious and the jalapeno mashed potatoes are currently an addiction that I have yet to kick.  Great service. Great atmosphere.  Can't wait to go back.
5	I have a long love affair with the BLT chain.  It started a few years back at the location in West Hollywood, my favoritE of e three I have visited. Been there many times, it is in close competition with mastro's for my favorite steak house in LA. I also visited the original BLT in NYC, which was certainly fine but not in the same class as the WH & Scottsdale locations.The Scottsdale location is in the elegant Marriott and matches the southwestern theme perfectly.  We had amazing service from the moment we were greeted at the door til the moment we strolled out the door stuffed to the gils and happy as clams.Popovers: always one of e best parts of the meal.Chicken liver pate: THE BEST PART OF THE MEAL. so good I have made this at home. I ate most of it myself.Starter: beet salad with sprouts and goat cheese. Five stars.Entrees: petite filets all around. Five stars, Every steak cooked to perfection. We shared the horseradish sauce which had an interesting whipped texture. I also insisted we try the peppercorn sauce which was everyone's favorite.Sides: creamed spinach, five stars, what is in this stuff? It was the best creamed spinach I have ever had. I would bathe in this stuff.Baked potato, hard to go wrong, perfectly baked, ginormous, five stars. Mignardises: soft warm little gooey brownies. I was too full to nom, but my friends gave them five stars.The sommelier recommended a bottle of Stags Leap Hands of Time red blend...outstanding rec. We told her our likes and dislikes and what we were attracted to on the menu, and she suggested the Hands of Time which was fabulous. I would have liked the wine to be served about 10 degrees warmer, but once it opened up it was beautiful. I will buy this if I come across it at a wine store.Everything was wonderful food & beverage wise, and every moment of our service was sheer perfection. Thank you for the lovely evening, BLT.
4	I almost feel bad not giving 5 stars because it really was 5 star service, however, I feel 5 stars are reserved for the best of the best.  ( little things like valet already having your car pulled around on your way out)  Anyway, enough of that.If you have not tried BLT you are missing out.  Set at the Camelback Inn this restaurant is NOT Bacon, Lettuce and Tomato, but instead Bernard Laurent Tourondel.  Classified as a steakhouse this place is so much more.  It has amazing atmosphere balancing being nice but not pretentious.  The have these great modern cocktails but with an old fashion flair.  Menu:  There is a staple menu however, there is a blackboard special everyday of 2 apps, 2 entrees and 2 desserts.  I highly recommend, I actually didn't get steak here at allOpening:  Warm pate, I asked for more bread because it was so good and they gave me a whole new plate, They take it seriousApps:  Tuna Tartre, freaking amazing!!!!!!!  Made into a cube and I am assuming using liquid nitrogen, it is made into this cube of goodness served with homemade chips.  Soft Shell Crab Salad with quark dressing and manchego - I have bee wishing i could have this for lunch everyday this week.Intermission:  A POPOVER, OMG this is the HIGHLIGHT - Gruyere cheese popover with butter and sea salt, I could eat 15 of these and trust me I took home the recipe they give.Entree:  Red Snapper and Pork Chops.  I do think the pork chops stole the show, with a nice piece of foi gras on each slice with a decadent sauce.  The red snapper was light and very well cooked.  In fact there are some serious knife skills going on in that kitchen.Desert:  Best in the valley!!!!  Theme seems to be dessert with a flavored ice cream.  I opted for 2, the cheesecake with ginger ice cream and apple tart with pumpkin ice cream.Solemner:  This is the first place on the west coat I have see carry Billie-Cart Salmon Rose.  The distributor quit giving to places like total wine and restaurants,  I am not even sure how she got this bottle.  We drank it with great pleasure.Service:  Perfect, I think they have a great rhythm and they do a main waiter and back waiter.  Timing was perfection and on pointI can't wait to go back, I think about the blackboard specials and dying to know what is next.
4	This is one restaurant that masters the basics very well like food quality, stunning sauces, and scrumptious cuts of meats for every taste, all presented in a nonpretentious environment. The cheese popovers are stunning in their own right and could be a dinner on their own. While BLT steaks truly excels in some areas, it truly lacks in others. On two separate occasions, we found the restaurant to be short staffed despite some hustle and bustle. While altogether, the lack of staff did not seem to alter our dining experience, it just did not seem right.If there is one area that BLT Steak needs to improve is their espresso! Any restaurant that charges $ 4 for a tiny cup of espresso should serve a crema burnished cup of absolute delight. What was served to us resembled more a regular cup of Joe that did not warrant being charged even $ 0.50 cents to begin with. A beautiful meal should never be spoiled at the end by what should truly be a dazzle of the taste buds, no matter if it is an espresso or a dessert. Please fine tune your espresso equipment or train your staff to use it properly. It would well be worth the investment.
4	Pluses:1.  Quaint bar/lounge2.  Good cocktails and wine selection3.  Gruyere Popovers4.  Comfy seating5.  Quality of food is excellent, especially the Branzino!  Short ribs were good but very heavy, 6.  Service - attentive without feeling hoveredMinuses1.  Pricey - drinks and food, sides are extra and add up2.  Noisy - gorgeous wood floors don't absorb the clatter and chatterAll in all I would recommend BLT as a good place to go for a special occasion.
1	One of the worst meals ever.  Service was bad, food was bad.  Never going back.
3	I chose BLT for my birthday dinner a few weeks ago. We were given a  table with an excellent view and our server started off great. He recommended a few different cocktails and told us about the daily specials. The popovers were amazing and I loved that they gave us the recipe to them. I'm eager to try and recreate these masterpieces in my own kitchen.My oysters were fresh, the sides we chose (the asparagus and the Potato Gratin) were both were excellent. The only problem was our steaks were barely luke warm when we received them. They were cooked to our preferences, but both were almost cold. We attempted to send them back but it seemed at that point our waiter disappeared. After several minutes of trying to make eye contact with someone working we decided to just eat before the rest of our food got cold. I had great expectations for BLT, unfortunately the cold steaks and lackluster service at the end will not justify a return visit. I'm still going with 3 stars, because steaks aside everything else was great.
3	I was mildly disappointed in my evening here. I stopped in once during my three-night stay at the Camelback Inn (still ***** and going strong) to take advantage of the buy one appetizer-get one free deal that the resort fee gets you. It's sort of a bland industrial space inside (the outside patio is nice, situated right under the famous "Where Time Stands Still" clock on the resort facade). I found the service to be a little standoffish--not slow or anything, just not as warm as I experienced from hotel staff or the superb RBar staff across the lobby. I had the spinach salad with bleu cheese and bacon, which was fine, if too huge for an appetizer. What really appalled me was what they did to an innocent crab cake. It was absolutely buried in greens, then doused with this way-too-strong sauce. I think it was dill-based maybe, but my tongue was searching for any crab flavor and wasn't sure. At any rate, when you order a crab cake you expect to get at least some crab flavor, but there was none to be found here. As another note, they have some OK deals at happy hour, but I think they're better over at RBar.
3	Grilled Double Cut Bacon for an appetizer....enough said!  Sooooooo Yummy!Tuna Tartare w/ Avocado & Soy-Lime Dressing.....OMG!!The steaks and sides are Fabulous!Everything we had to eat was fantastic....so why not a 4 or 5 star rating?Well, that would have to be the service.  The service was good, but not what you would expect to have at a 5 star restaurant.  Also, when we received the bill the staff had added someone else's drink order to it.  Mistake?  Maybe, or a way to give someone great free, on the house service by having someone else pay by slipping it into the bill.  Thank God we check out our itemized bill before we pay!I won't be back and neither will the other 5 people I was dining with that night because of that, to bad because the food was outstanding!
4	The food was very good, my steak was wonderful. My wife wasn't has happy about her steak as I was, she thought it was a little to charred around the edges.The service was good, our waitress was always there to see if we needed anything.Loved the ambiance and again the food, but it is bit pricey, will wait a while before doing this again.
2	We know and love good restaurants and this is not one of them.  The Camelback Inn is fabulous, elegant but this restaurant missed the mark.  A previous reviewer was correct:  the chicken liver pate/ the amuse bouche was the best dish of the evening. The staff were bland, left the used dished sit a long time before clearing and the room was half empty.  The hostess was strange.  The ceasar salad which they plated for two was served in soup bowls and it looked and tasted on a par with Denny's.  The onions rings were floury, doughy and greasy and served in a peculiar small dish as a spire.  The steak was disappointing in taste altho cooked well, and was served in a warm, not hot, cask iron pan.  The sauces were uninteresting and served again like at a coffee shop.  The hotel is great and the room is nice with a very nice chalk board mural but the food and service left me cold.  I hear that Katie's Kitchen is a much better choice in the Camelback Hotel.  Ruth's Chris is a far better bet for a steak!
1	We were staying at the Camelback for Christmas and decided to go to BLT for Christmas Dinner as they had a special menu. We could not have been more disappointed. The initial toasted bread and pate was very good and all seemed promising. But this was then followed by a salty greasy puffy bread. The snails and the salad was quite good if almost too large as the salad was absolutely huge, but that's not really a negative. Then came the moment of truth - turkey dinner. It was dry, small, and mine had lots of skin and cartilage in one of the slices. Very unpleasant. Plus, the sides were very unorthodox. A chicken pot pie with gravy and dark meat. Not good. The brussel sprouts - a $10 side - were cooked with bacon and ham and all you could taste was salt and smoke. The sweet potato - another $10 side - was blended with marshmallow on top. Yes - marshmallow. We tried digging for the sweet potato but we couldn't find it beneath the marshmallow. The service wasn't bad, but the food lacked any subtle flavors and everything was overdone.There are much better choices out there as we discovered during the rest of our stay.
5	Fantastic!!! We had a very big table for a family dinner on Saturday. Samanda was our waitress and she KICKED ASS! We devoured everything... including cheesecake for dessert. The Burger here is 100% my favorite thing on the menu. The steaks were fantastic, but the bone marrow was a bit scary. My veggie chopped salad was massive and very good... but the dressing might be an acquired taste. The tuna tartar and crab cakes were tasty appys! However, nothing... and I mean NOTHING can come close to the popovers. I wish I could just get a glass of wine and a popover for dinner. Seriously thats all i need in the end. Dont be a no carb bitch and turn these down. They are worth every single ounce of delish. *** I googled them, less than 300 calories for the whole thing***  Again, worth every single one. The outside atmosphere is just perfect here. BIg fireplace and lots of nice people to enjoy the sunset with. Cant go wrong!
2	My medium rare new york cut was medium. I almost choked on every dry bite. After starving myself all day, this is the first time that I have ever not finished a "steakhouse" meal. Very disappointing! I would have complained if I wasn't on a business dinner.
2	Went with a party of 8 on a Friday night.  Two wanted bone in rib eye and we told at 8 pm they were out.  Huh?  It's a steak house.  Manager less than sympathetic.  Also one NY strip came out well done instead of medium.  Very slow delivery of entrees as well.  A very expensive and poor experience.
4	The steak wasn't as good the second time around but everything else was still great. This time they had bacon and brussel sprouts with smoked pork. F'in ridiculous!
5	FANTASTIC Happy Hour (HH).Affordable. Delicious. And a great selection. The steak tartare with quail egg is my go to pick. Great view of Camelback mountain if you sit on the patio... Though with the upcoming summer months, that sounds pretty miserable. Nevertheless, the bar area is great. Huge chairs and a classy, laid back vibe. Service tends to be pretty slow. I've been a handful of times for HH and it seems like there's only 1 server scheduled to handle the HH crowd. When you sit down, quickly look at the menu and order your drink when the server comes by... Otherwise you might be waiting a bit for your drinks and nibbles. The wait is worth it !
5	This review is just for Happy Hour:I finally got to try out BLT Steak granted it was just the happy hour menu but I was still blown away.  For starters the prices are no where near the full dinner items so it really makes it affordable to just pop in and see what this amazing place has to offer.  The drink list is huge and again very affordable.  I recommend the mojito very good and just the right mix of tart and freshness.  For light bites I had the Duck Pate with wine mustard which was very good.  It had some nice earthy flavor that the wine mustard really played well with.  I then got the steak tartar which was just phenomenal.  It had a little kick to it and the steak just melted in your mouth and absorbed all the richness of the quail egg.  I can't wait to go back for dinner service.
5	This review is strictly for the bar area/menu.We went to a Yelp event here last week and decided to stick around in the bar w/ some friends afterwards.The bar menu is pretty diverse and a LOT easier on the wallet than the actual restaurant. Our bartender Angie (who was awesome BTW) insisted we get the popovers. Holy cow! Those things were huge (thats what she said)! And oh so delicious. We also munched on the bacon salted (?) nuts and special popcorn. Also, delicious.Loved that they also had a good selection of local beers.Surprisly chill atmoshere and great, friendly staff. Try the HH menu.
5	Had dinner here last night with a girlfriend and had a wonderful time. Greatly enjoyed the meal, the wine, and the company. The liver pate is wonderful. The popovers sublime and the meat cooked perfectly. My only regret, it's pricey or I would frequent this place.
5	Holy $@*%!  I love this place!  After reading the Weekly Yelp for last week, I knew that I had to try this place.  It was well worth the hour drive from the west valley.  When we first got there for happy hour, the bar area was full.  We found a corner to sit at at the bar and the couple next to us kindly moved over to give us more space.  The bartender asked us what we wanted to drink and I went with a Mango Mule Kick.  It was delicious!  After that I ordered the Bistro Mojito.  It's a little on the sweet side, which I love.  Now for the food.  We started with the steak tartare.  I don't pass up a chance to eat steak tartare.  It's my favorite!  It came in a jar with toast and a raw quail egg.  Yum!Next we tried the short rib sliders; I would recommend to a friend.  Then we tried the calamari.  It's not breaded or deep fried, it's grilled and delicious.   After that we had the BLT Camelback burger.  What a great burger!I think what made the evening even better was the bill.  I have paid more at yard house for happy hour.  Now,  there is nothing wrong with the Yard House, but it doesn't come close to the quality of food from BLT Steak!
4	Food was good but service iffy. We spent $500 on dinner for 4 so you expect not to have to ask for butter for the baked potatoes or cream for coffee. The beer list was lacking as well. We were overcharged for 2 items too. The steak was great but doubtful we'd go back when there are so many good steakhouses out there
5	This place has it all! The service was top notch and the food was all around great quality. I am reviewing the happy hour which is DAILY from 5-7 pm. Me and a friend wanted to surprise our men with a great date just to show them we appreciate them and I recommended BLT Steak's happy hour. I found out about this place from coming here for Yelp's Cocktail event a little while back. I was amazed to see that they had a great happy hour with drinks and food anywhere from $5-$10 considering the fact that their regular menu consists of entrees that go from $35-$70. The happy hour is only at the bar and patio but the bar tables have comfortable couches and huge tables. I advise getting there early because as soon as 5 o'clock hit the place started to fill up! The drinks are awesome! Their specialty drinks were only $5 and they are great quality. Everyone loved the mule kick which had a great taste of ginger along with mango. I also liked the apricot drink that had a great mint accent taste. Beyond the wonderful drinks, the food was to die for. For the table we ordered the cheese fries (so addicting and the cheese was spread throughout, no stingyness), onion rings ( THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD-- HANDS DOWN), the flatbread (very flavorful and you can taste the quality of the toppings), apart from that I shared the BLT Camelback Burger with my bf (cooked to perfection with the best bun I have ever had on a burger). Each item costs $5 each except the burger was $8!! The waitress was very kind and helpful, when there was confusion concerning a drink order it was fixed immediately without any problems. Everyone enjoyed their meals and the ambience was awesome. Next time we hope to experience sitting outside since it was raining this time around. I definitely recommend this hidden gem!
5	50ppl Sunday Night, Family Style Service! Difficult to pull off! These folks did an amazing job! Shrimp, Tuna, Beet Salad appetizers all excellent. The Yorkshire Pudding (Popovers) Best I've ever had. I could have eaten 2 or 3 of them as my dinner!Kobe Steak, Short Ribs, Branzio, Chicken, Au Gratin Potatoes and a Tomato thing. Again all incredible considering the pace and scale of the situation.Flan was the highlight of the desserts! Definitely need to come back with a party of 2.
4	We went here in May for dinner.  Beautiful setting.  It was still nice in the evening so we sat outside.  The Chicken Liver Pate was SO DELICIOUS as were the Popovers!  My husband and I shared the Prime Porterhouse for Two (cooked perfectly) as well as a side of Jalepeno Mashed Potatoes and Creamy Spinach.  The side dishes were pretty small but we shared with each other.  Everything tasted great.Service was very attentive.  This was a splurge for us and we enjoyed it.  I would recommend going here if it were for a special occasion.  The only reason I gave it four instead of five stars is because it is cost prohibitive for us to visit on a regular basis (is that selfish of me?).
5	Everything BLT is amazing.  The general manager David and the entire staff do a great job of making sure your night is one to remember.
5	Can't get enough of BLT Steak!  I took my kids to happy hour just so they could enjoy the food.  Shrimp cocktail is only 3 shrimp, but must be almost equal to 1 lobster tail in size.  The shrimp are huge and fresh.The Hamachi is delicious, but don't expect to fill up on it.  Great mix of flavors and spices. The Calamari dish is also a small portion, but has great flavor.  Another good dish is the short rib sliders.  Great portion of meat and a favorite lunch dish for my son.The steak tartare is great with the small quail egg.  A great mix of meat and acidic flavors. If you need a large dish go with the flat bread dish.  2 types of cheese, balsamic, and arugula.  Large flat bread cooked on wood.  Great flavors with the Prosciutto.  If you like ham you have to try prosciutto.Another larger dish is the BLT camelback burger.  Angus beef and great seasoning and ingredients.  You have to go during happy hour and eat in the small bar area.  Only a few tables and the bar, but a great way to experience the food here.The drinks are somewhat inexpensive and I like the camelback ipa.  The mojito here is excellent as well.
5	They have a great happy hour here.  The popovers are awesome and the burger with jalapenos is a steal at $8.  The escargot are very good but not quite as good as before they changed the recipe.
5	This review is for Happy Hour.  In a word...Fantastic!!!!   The menu selections for food were outstanding!  The drinks were equally great!   The bar service was stellar.  The entire experience was outstanding!My husband and I arrived at approximately 5:45 and were able to get seats at the bar.  The restaurant is gorgeous and the bar is very sophisticated.  The two female bartenders greeted immediately.  What jumped out at us right away was their obvious enjoyment of being there.  During our visit, they were genuinely friendly, very knowledgeable about the menu, upbeat, and they checked on us numerous times to make sure that were were happy and well taken of.   I really can't say enough great things about the bartenders and their excellent service.I'm sure you're wondering what we drank and ate...so...here we go:HH Drinks:  Husband had the Mulekick and I had a Mojito.  The Mulekick was had a very unique taste (you REALLY need to like Ginger).  I didn't like it and my husband only had a few sips before switching to the White Ale they had on tap.   As I was trying to decide on a drink, I asked the bartender what a good option would be for something not too sweet and she said that she could have the HH Mojito, not as sweet...and she did just that!  It was delicious!HH Food:  Husband had the BLT Camelback Burger.  He LOVED it.  It was juicy, spicy,  fresh, and delicious!   I had the Short Rib sliders and they were awesome!  The meat was tender, moist, and seasoned perfectly!  The toasted slider buns, cheddar cheese, and slice of pickle brought the flavors together perfectly!  We also shared an order of the Kennebec Cheese Fries.  Please note that these are not just any run-of-the mill Cheese Fries (get your mind away from the nasty vision of Velveeta!!)...these were thin-cut, perfectly crisp, deliciously seasoned fries topped with the a high quality, delicious cheddar cheese.  YUM!!   My husband was in love with the cheese!  Lastly, we also ordered the Mini Popovers...and yes....they are as heavenly as everyone says they are!!  To summarize....we really couldn't have been happier with the experience, the food, and the service.  We went to several Happy Hours while in the area and this was right at the top of our favorites.  Two for two for Camelback Happy Hours (see my review of RBar, too!)I posted pictures of our drink and food selections so feel free to take a look...and drool accordingly.  :-)
4	We came here for happy hour a few weeks ago and had a great time. Definitely get here at the start of happy hour because the place fills up quick. They also have happy hour outside on the patio, but with the weather at 110+ outside it wasn't a popular option. But it looks like a great spot to have sunset drinks once it cools off a bit. They have a lot of great plush seats at the bar top and in the lounge area. But it can get loud inside. We had a few glasses of their malbec (delish) and lots of food! The sliders and charcuterie plate were good, but the popovers and steak tartare were sooooo freaking amazing. The tartare had a bit of a kick and I loved it! The popovers are huge. I can certainly see why they are so popular and they even give you a recipe card to take home. Thank you, I think I will try to make these. Hopefully they don't turn into a disaster like some of my pinterest fails. We were told that they will be shaking up the preparations on a few of their happy hour items soon. And their cocktails look fun, so I will definitely have to try those next time. Oh yes, there will be a next time.
5	Best braised short ribs ever!
4	This was our first visit and overall a nice dinner on our "staycation"  As others may have mentioned the popovers are huge and very tasty, and the chicken liver pate was a nice amuse to start.  My husband ordered the hangar steak which was excellent, and we tried a number of the conplimentary sauces but the chimichurri was by far the best-we even took some home.  Unfortunately my fish a pink snapper was overcooked and very tough - had to use a knife to cut it (they removed from the bill).  They offered to remake it but I refused as we had so much other food between the steak, mac and cheese (decadant), and succotash.  Also, the wine steward was awesome as she upgraded our wine after her first recommendation didn't meet her expectations.
4	The Hubs and I have been wanting to try the HH at BLT for awhile now, but with life getting in the way (pesky thing) we were able to finally get there this past Friday night.  We arrived around 5:45pm and the bar was already packed!  Though I would have loved to lounge in one of the couches, we opted for the two open seats at the end of the bar.  The bartender greeted us warmly right away and was friendly, helpful, and efficient the whole time we were there.  It was actually quite fun watching her as the night got busier, making everyone's drinks with such care and precision.We started our HH adventure with the infamous popovers.  As every review on here states, they are unbelievably good.  I was astonished at how dense yet airy they were, and the gouda comes through in such a surprisingly good way.  In addition to the popovers we also shared shrimp cocktail, bbq sliders, and the flatbread.  The sliders were my favorite, followed by the flat bread and the shrimp trailed behind.  The shrimps were HUGE, but I found the cocktail sauce to be WAY too horseradishy for my taste.  To top it all off, we shared the carrot cake dessert (not on HH).  FANTASTIC!  No nuts and lots of sauce, my kind of carrot cake for sure (oh and it was served warm- double plus)! Boy do I wish this fantastic HH spot was a bit closer to home (maybe I don't for my belly's sake).  I am looking forward to coming back and trying the main dining menu at some point.  The atmosphere and service were great, so I know we will be back.
4	Great steakhouse in a beautiful setting with tasty sides and delicious wine. On the pricier side but what upscale steakhouse isn't? When we return to Scottsdale this is a definite stop if we are in the mood for a good cut of meat and some great wine.
4	One word: Popovers.Well, I guess that really isn't enough for a review, so let me start a short essay. I came here with the family, for a total of seven patrons that all regress to that age of 15 when we are all together, but our server, Peter, was up for the challenge. My parents and I got there first and were promptly seating (no waiting for the entire party to show up first, win). I started with a glass of the Giarrusso family Zinfandel, which was meh, and we were brought out a chicken liver pate with toasted baguette amuse bouche while we waited for the rest of the party to show. My non-adventurous parents wouldn't touch the pate with a ten foot pole, but I gave it a hesitant go and didn't start to appreciate the taste until a few bites in and then I found it enjoyable.When the rest of the party showed we got to ordering our appetizers, I went for the Steak Tartare (quail egg, cornichon, spicy remoulade, served with toasted baguette), my brother ordered the Grilled Double Cut Bacon (I personally don't think it was worth the $10, it just tasted like regular bacon with pepper on it) and everyone else went for Caesar salad. I loved the presentation with the tartare as the quail egg was barely cracked and placed gently in the steak leaving me the option to pour and mix it in, which I did, and it was super tasty. Apparently the Caesar salad was good and I have to say they put on a generous amount of parmesan-reggiano cheese which is a huge plus for my Italian family. While we were munching on our apps, we were each surprised with their signature Popovers. These things are amazing (everyone in my family agreed)! They are like a giant hollow loaf of bread mixed with a bit of gruyere cheese that is served with a side of unsalted butter. They also bring you a giant cylinder of sea salt to put on the popover per personal preference. Seriously, you have to try one of these little miracles!For the entrees, I ordered the Crispy Skin Branzino (Sea Bass) that came with roasted cauliflower in curry brown butter sauce. The rest of the family either got the Roasted Jidoir Chicken (huge portion) or the Spice Rub Steak. The sides are served family style with everything going to the center of the table for all to share. We all tried the stuffed mushrooms, creamy spinach, broccoli mac n cheese, and the parmesan gnocchi. OMG, ssssoooo much food that I found to be all so tasty, but a few family members weren't that impressed, pssh. Anyhoo, for dessert we all split the crepe souffle (it was okay), the assorted sorbet (yummy) and the Peanut Butter Chocolate Mouse with banana ice cream that everyone agreed was the best one and the only dessert that was completely devoured. While we waited for the damage to be charged, Peter brought out tiny "chocolate cookies" that were the size of a fifty cent piece and had the texture of cake as opposed to a cookie. The center was deliciously doughy and each "cookie" was topped with confectioners sugar.  I am definitely a fan of BLT Steak. The view of Camelback Mountain was beautiful and I would love to come back when its a bit cooler to sit outside on the patio.  While I find the prices a bit high, you should still go at least once for the friggin' Popovers!
5	Went here for AZ Restaurant Week! Amazingly, my fabulous foodie friend, Jan (she looked stunning in her gorgeous black dress) setup our dinner there. OMG, so many things I've never tried before and absolutely LOVED!Legendary puffs, mmmhmmm. Check. Cherry Popped.Tartar. Didn't expect to like this, being raw and all, but I love sushi so...bam...loved it.Rib Eye Steak, holy cow! Seriously...Foodgasm!When I'm rich and famous (wait, I don't care about being famous)...ok when I'm rich I'm going to be a regular. I'm gonna be so FAT! Average American fat :D
5	{{First off, I am a California Marriott restaurant manager.  I am overly observant and critical when dining out.}}My husband and I were fortunate enough to enjoy our fourth wedding anniversary at BLT.   David Kent the restaurant GM was second to none.  He was inviting, intriguing, and extremely genuine.  HE SINGLE HANDEDLY MADE OUR 4TH ANNIVERSARY AMAZING!Service:  Flawless.  Well spoken young man who was unobtrusive and gracious.Food:  Incredible.  We had almost every item on the menu (or at least it felt like it).  Quite possibly the best steak we have ever had  (bold statement).  We decided to go back the next night for happy hour, which is a gem in itself!  Thank you for carrying Fernet Branca, too!Thank you, David and BLT staff
4	This is for the Bar Menu -- happy hour only. A friend of mine had her 30th birthday celebration at BLT. Very Swanky hotel and bar. An example, when we pulled up there was a Lamborghini in the Valet parking. No big deal. Loved the Mango "Mule Kick" & Strawberry Crush Cosmo -- they are 5 stars all on their own. We were very pleased overall with our experience. The only down fall was the events manager told us we were unable to bring in her birthday cake because it wasn't from their facility? I can understand this to an extent. Our entire party of 25+ had to hike to their villa where we were able to sing Happy Birthday and enjoy some cake. I would definitely return for happy hour but never have another event here.
5	This review is for the BLT Steak bar. We went on a Saturday night to hang out in the R Bar lounge, but with it being a rainy Saturday night, there was not a seat to be found, so we headed back to the BLT Steak Bar and sat on a pair of very comfy couches with one huge table in between us.  We had a great time and enjoyed the fantastic service and prices. Our server was wonderful and she even made sure to check on us just before the happy hour ended so that we could order another round. Unlike an experience I had in the past at another location where we ordered well before happy hour ended and the waiter wouldn't honor the happy hour prices.  We loved this place and will be back!! I hope our next visit is just as nice.
5	After reading all the rave reviews about BLT Steak's happy hour I wanted to try it for myself. Yelpers, once again you have not failed me. The rave reviews were spot on - this place is fantastic. Boyfriend and I snagged ourselves a comfy spot on a couch next to the firepit on the patio. The atmosphere is comfortable, romantic and warm. We were immediately greeted by our waitress who pointed out the happy hour menu. They have several drink options and many food options. We were there for the food and ordered a few items to share - the popovers (a must), the charcuterie plate, the burger and the truffle fries.Hands down the standout of the night was the popovers. They were huge, fluffy, and full of eggy goodness. They are served with butter and salt - it's really all they need - yum! But I added in some of the meat from the charcuterie plate and it was an excellent combo if I do say so myself. Everyone who says get the popovers is right - get the popovers!The burger was very tasty. A good size - plenty for sharing and cooked just right. The fries were my least favorite. I was excited by the description - truffle fries with parmesan cheese - but the fries were overcooked (too hard) and the truffle was overpowering. Not my thing I guess.The service was really good too. Even though you'd spend WAY more on dinner inside I never felt like I was part of the cheap crowd. I felt like we were treated the same way we would be if we were dropping $200 even though we dropped less that $50. I appreciated that and it's smart because now I'm very likely to come back and blow a wad on a special occasion! Well played, BLT Steak! I highly recommend BLT Steak's happy hour. It was the dining highlight of my weekend.
4	Four stars, but you pay for four and a half!I was nearly full after the complimentary popover, but the menu gave me the desire to order anyways.  The asparagus was fantastic, very green and flavorful.  I also ordered a fancy $60 Kobe steak which was not as flavorful and tender as I imagined it would be.  I would stick with the regular beef next time and save $30 off the final bill.
4	After reading a few reviews I wondered if I had made a mistake making reservations here for a special occasion dinner. I was wrong. I was worried that the steak might not be the equal of some of the great steakhouses in the valley. I had the bone-in ribeye, medium rare and I'm still salivating over it. While I tried the Bearnaise and red wine sauces, the steak's natural flavor, seasoned to perfection was really all I needed. Prior to that the popovers were a huge hit at our table! We had to find every ounce of restraint to hold back eating all of them and ordering more so we wouldn't be full when the main course arrived. They are amazing! Caesar salad, big enough to split which we did. Very nice!. The complimentary pate however fell very flat, tasting too acridly liver-y for my palate and I love pate. It was free so one bite was all any of us at our table had. The creamed spinach was average. Not that creamy and I wouldn't order it again. Dessert, the chocolate torte with ice cream, was average too, Service was near perfect and those who complained the room was too bright must have gotten things changed because the lighting was low but not too low. One comment was that, in the booth we had, while the room was full, we seemed to be in our own world. Very little distraction from anywhere. Cozy, quiet and damn I want that steak and popover again!
3	Went for New Year's Eve for special dinner & it was good. The popovers were good & my sm filet was cooked perfectly with a nice slightly salty crusted outside due to being seared in a cast iron pan which i liked. Boyfriend's steak was thicker than mine and while he ordered medium it was more med rare which he didn't like. Had side of mac & cheese w/o broccoli and it was creamy & not over baked. The food was good but not great & if we're spending this much $$ it needs to be better than just meh!?
3	I went to BLT Steak for my friend's birthday in November.  We met early so we could have cocktails at the bar.  I got a chance to walk around the perimeter of the restaurant and it is so beautifully styled on the outside.  There are several outside seating areas.  Because it was a little chilly that night, there was a fire burning in the fire pit.  The restaurant is lovely on the inside.  the atmosphere is not very intimate in my opinion, but it is absolutely stunning and appealing all the same.We had our drinks at the bar and were seated for our dinner service.  When going to an establishment like this, we both usually know what we want, definitely my friend wants a bone-in Filet.  I will generally order sea bass.  Unfortunately, they were out of the bone-in filet.  I actually called ahead to question the availability of the bone-in and they did inform me that they did not have any but we decided to go there anyway because we'd never been.  My friend ordered the bone-in Ribeye and I ordered the Sea Bass.  Oh, for the appetizer, we ordered the beets and double cut bacon.  Oh boy did we like the bacon!  LOL.  if you know me, that should come as no surprise.  My seabass was just average.  My friend was quite unhappy with his bone-in Ribeye as it was somewhat too charred on the exterior for his taste.  I personally prefer a steak cooked rare/Pittsburgh blue/black and blue/basically cool rare.  I could never eat that.  The meat itself tasted average to me as well.if I could give them 3.5, I would, but I can't give them a 4 because they didn't have 2 things we wanted from the menu on that day and we were somewhat underwhelmed by the tastes of the food.they were, however, kind enough to comp us desert that night because we wanted things on the menu that they were out of and because of a couple other misfortunes that don't warrant discussing.  I think it was a cream cheese cake.Definitely loved the popovers!  I wish I could bake that.  i wonder if anyone has ever made that recipe.  If so, please message me and let me know how it turned out!  I would go back here to try the cowboy Ribeye i see in the pictures!  Woooo-we, that thing looks good.  I'd also go back for the quality service and I'd also love to sit on their patio and sip cocktails this spring.
5	Second time to BLT while in Scottsdale. Love it and was first class. The popover appetizer was so good. We also got the flat bread at the bar and was great. We both had the filet with  potatoes au gratin with asparagus. BLT is one of your favorites and would highly recommend. Service is super.
4	My honey brought me to the bar here before dinner as our early Valentine's Day celebration. The bar has Happy hour 7 days a week with $6 cocktails. They were tasty though a bit on the sweet side. The pop over bread is a must to snack on!! Total bill came to only $15. We'll be back soon!
1	BLT Steak is a very poorly run company. I purchased a BLT steak gift card from corporate BLT . The local restaurant will not honor the 500.00 gift card and tried to double bill me for an diner. NEVER PURCHASE A BLT GIFT CARD CALL E-SQUARETHE MANAGER OF THE PARADISE VALLEY BLT was the once who over billed my cc after he accepted a gift card. I will never again go to BLT steak.
5	What can I say about this place... It was Amazing! The portions were huge! The Mac and cheese was wonderful, the pop overs I could eat all day long! The service was superb! Everything exceeded my expectations... I loved every bite of this place! Great for happy hours or even drinks! Def will go back... This place was worth the cost!
1	Too expensive for very very average food.... Outback steak is probably better .... No ambiance.... Old cliental...Good bar & great employees ... Concept poor ... Many better choices in area.
5	This is my second time here!  So very nice!  The flowers are SPECTACULAR.  It's an older crowd so I enjoy being the youngest instead of the oldest!
3	The food is good here, but not up to the quality of the other top notch steakhouses in Scottsdale. The prices are the same as the other high quality restaurants, so I expect the same quality in return. It's just not quite the same. If the price wasn't the same then I would come back because it's still good. However, if I'm going to pay top dollar then I'd rather go to some of the other places that I know are going to be the best like City Hall.They do a few things different, which is a nice change like their popover bread to start, and some of their main dishes. The steaks are good, but not excellent, and everything seems to get about the same grade. I will probably come here again for a change of pace and hope that it's just a little better, but definitely not in my top 3 for steakhouses in Scottsdale.
5	visited here a couple of times now. I have to say I was pretty impressed and the happy hour is a bargain!
3	Short and sweet. 5 stars all the way. Best dinner ever. Our server Chris and his support staff Rush fulfilled our every needs.  Side note, apparently BLT being in a hotel is no stranger to older gentlemen bringing ladies of the night for dinner.  I know you can't discriminate but it can be distracting and possibly offensive to diners to watch an 80 year old man make out with two different very young girls in  apparent hooker clothes at the same time.  That's where the 3 stars come in. I would never let behavior continue in my establishment that would offend other diners. All the diners around me were appalled. I know bc we all talked about it.
5	There are lots of steakhouses out there and lots of top notch ones but this one is right up there.  The staff are wonderful, great seafood, great meat and decent wine selection.  Nice location at the Camelback Inn makes you feel like you are on vacation even if you aren't just for a little while.  I highly recommend this place!!!
4	Stopped by here for a friend's going away party.  We all decided on Happy Hour because that's what we enjoyed doing.  We got there around 6ish and there wasn't too many people in the bar area.  we had a great turnout, about 20 of us showed up for the celebration.I ordered Grilled Calamari and BLT Camelback Burger.  The calamari was okay, it didn't have a big portion like I hope, but I loved their special sauce.  The burger is whole other story, while the Angus beef tasted excellent, the buns holding the meat looked a bit odd, it's a flat bread type with poppy seeds on top of the bun.  It actually hold the meat quiet nicely, surprising to say that at least.Overall I had a good experiences in this steak house inside a Marriott Hotel.  Can't wait to come back again for another try of other great Happy Hour menu choices.
5	Dined here with out of town family on the 4th of July. Everything (EVERYTHING) was amazing. Meats were cooked to perfection, veggie sides were bursting with flavor, but my fav... homemade popovers served with kosher salt and room temperature butter. Special treat and extremely worth it. I highly recommend.
3	Meh.  Has the potential for greatness, but I was not impressed.  The popovers are outstanding, as are the jalapeno mashed potatoes and the shrimp cocktail, but it was down hill from there.   The Wagyu steak my friend had was not nearly as tender nor as delicious as I expected it would be, given its price, its provenance, and its cooking method.  My grilled tiger prawns were gigantic, but a little tough and not very flavorful.   Then again, now that I think of it, maybe they actually were flavorful and I just couldn't tell, after having my tastebuds burned off by some mystery hot pepper they foolishly added to the white corn side dish on that night's "blackboard menu".  Nothing in the dish's description said anything about jalapeno-like peppers that would be snuck in and look just like the sliced snap peas in the dish, but some fool in the kitchen thought it would be a good idea.   With just one bite, my tastebuds were useless for the next 30 minutes.  I don't mind spicy, hot foods, but in the right dishes and in the right setting.  This was neither.  What it was, was totally unnecessary and a waste of good wine and the rest of the meal.
4	we always take visitors there....we love the popovers. Absolutely wonderful. Addicting.the entrees are generally ok...but portions have become smaller . Side dishes much smaller. nice ambiance. staffers are great.
2	Did you know that BLT Steakhouse has a Blackboard Menu?? 4 courses (Appetizer, Main Course, Side and Dessert), $40, no substitutions.  Sounds great right?  How did I learn this??  Not from my server I didn't. After hubby and I sat down and had placed our order from the big standard menu given to us by our server Sam (short for Samantha), I noticed that tables around us  had been given an additional handout along with their menus.  I was able to eye the handout from the adjacent table (we were really close cause my eyes are not all that good) and it read:  Blackboard Menu.  I asked a passing server if I could have a copy.  He graciously provided me with one.  The Blackboard Menu read as follows-Choice of appetizer (including salads) , a main course choice of Prime Flat Iron Steak, Wild Coho Salmon or Roasted Jidori Chicken with cornbread/ mesquite honey jus; Side order of Fried Green Tomatoes (which I adore), house-made tater tots, or broccoli mac and cheese and of course a dessert which included as one of the choices Peanut butter chocolate mousse.  You think maybe if presented with the Blackboard Menu I might have chosen to order from it??? YOU BETCHA.   So why wasn't I given the Blackboard Menu? Did we look too old and rich to be given this menu?  Well, I asked Sam, our server about why we didn't get this menu.  She coyly said, Oh....  Well,  you can order from that menu when you come back tomorrow!"   Being that it was my husband's birthday and I didn't want to spoil it for him, I didn't give her the answer that she deserved.  Normally, I would have said what I wanted to say and then walked out.   So I should come back the next day to get an option that I should have been offered today!? Really. Nice answer.  Good going, Sam.   Hubby was set on getting his Waygu, but for me the Blackboard Menu gave me some delightful options. Thinking about what I ordered, the Grilled Shrimp,  without a sauce it is nothing more than large grilled shrimp that I could have made at home, but probably better.  I had asked Sam about the soy-citrus sauce that was available and she assured me the shrimp were marinated and didn't need the sauce.  Wrong again.  The broccoli mac and cheese would have been fine if the cream had been absorbed into the macaroni.  The cream was just a liquid in which the macaroni was floating.   Needed more oven time.  As prepared, it was nothing special.  Hubby's Waygu was perfectly cooked as was the baked potato (LOL) and grilled asparagus. He asked for chimichuri sauce which did not come until he had to request it again. Desserts were fine.   We think that knowing that Sam did not give us the Blackboard Menu in order to raise the bill and garner a larger tip is disconcerting.  With us, the tip is about service not the total amount of the bill.  We usually tip very generously irrespective of the total bill.  This whole event kind of spoiled the evening for us.
5	Went to BLT Sunday night and it was awesome! We chose the restaurant week menu and it was the best meal we have had in a long time. The steaks were cooked perfectly and the side of broccoli mac and cheese and the homemade tater tots were awesome.  Of course everyone talks about the popovers, and for good reason.  They are sinful and you must add butter to make it doubly sinful.  I had the fig salad and my hubby had the wagyu beef cheese steak appetizer.  Both were delish!  The desserts were divine, crepe with passion fruit puree and peanut butter mousse. Our service was very good and they have a friendly crew on board.I have to say, the wine list is great, but is quite pricey.All in all, it was a great dinner and we will be back and recommend to friends.
4	The bread popovers are surprisingly delicious. Careful attention has been given to many of the dishes. I did not enjoy the prime flat iron steak. Seemed like a bad cut, but I assume it was one time thing as everything else was amazing. Desert was quite nice. Outdoor seating at sunset made the whole thing a delightful experience. I will be going back and trying more menu items - outdoors of course.
5	My wife and I went to BLT for the first time last evening.  We're here from Oregon looking for a vacation home.  We arrived at 5:30 and were seated in the bar to have a drink.  Angie prepared our delicious cocktails and offered us happy hour but we wanted to save our appetites.  We requested outside as the weather was so nice.  We had a million $$ view of Camelback  Mountain mountain.  We were promptly greeted by Joel, he was very friendly and said Sam would be our server.  Sam greeted us with a warm friendly smile and asked if this was our first visit.  She was very knowledgeable about the menu, and the speciality cocktails.  I ordered the bone in rib eye on her recommendation, and my wife had the Dover Sole which were delicious and cooked to perfection.  Sam made suggestions for desserts but we were full but wanted to continue enjoying the evening.  We enjoyed some aperitifs and some complimentary delicious chocolate pettifors.  Sam was also very informative about the area which we appreciated since we will buy a property here.  BLT is our new favorite place and look forward to returning again and again.
4	We took advantage of restaurant went and went to BLT with some friends for the food time. You pretty much had to roll us out of there afterwards as we were stuffed. The popovers they give you for the bread is enough to fill me up. They are amazing and one-of-a-kind, they even give you the recipe. Then we had some sides for the table: supersize fancy tater tots, mac and cheese, Brussel sprouts to go with our steaks. Delish! The dessert was what I was looking forward to the most as I love choc + banana and they had a chocolate and peanut butter dessert with banana ice cream. heavenly! We also sat out on their little patio with perfect weather and a great view. What a great night!
1	The one-star rating is based solely on our recent visit for happy hour.  Previous visits merited satisfied customers, including my friend's fiancee who is notoriously hard to please (he's not so much picky as a perfectionist with high expectations for quality food).When deciding where to go for our February Girls Night, after considering other favorites, we settled on BLT, as it had been a few months since we enjoyed their happy hour.  Apparently, in those few months, their quality has declined.Due to a current medical condition, I ordered Pellegrino sparkling water.  My friend ordered iced tea, out of solidarity.  Boring I know, but it's not like we only got plain old tap.  We ordered, sharing their fantastic popovers (which were still pretty darn good, despite the rest of the evening's shortcomings), the fried calamari and a burger.  We were served the popovers and before we took a second bite, there was a runner hovering, wanting to deliver our calamari and burger.  Really?  Rushing us out the door?  Despite it being tourist season, neither the bar nor restaurant were at all busy.  Someone screwed up by not pacing our order to come out at varied times.In a nod to my current condition, I'd been cautioned to avoid undercooked meat.  Normally I am a big fan of rare to medium rare beef, especially in a place supposedly known for quality products.  I just can't bring myself to order well done, so we compromised, requesting the burger medium.  I figured that would be safe enough.  We continued to enjoy the popovers and the calamari.  The calamari was good, and I enjoyed the green herbal/garlic aioli sauce on the side.  When we finally cut the burger, it was rare plus at best, a far cry from the medium ordered.  Despite the cute little plastic tag sticking out of the bun suggesting the kitchen had heeded our request, they clearly had not.Our waitress stopped by to check on us and we pointed out the error with our burger.  I explained to her that normally we love the cow practically still mooing, but due to my current status, I need to avoid rare beef.  She offered to have the kitchen correct their mistake.  A few moments later, the food runner brought a burger back to us.  The original burger is served uncut.  This one was cut in half.  At first we thought it was a bit suspicious, but maybe the kitchen cut it to make sure they cooked this one correctly, or perhaps they cut it as they knew we were sharing.  We each took a bite and were sorely disappointed to realize we received our original burger, not a freshly made one cooked to our desired doneness.  The kitchen just took our original burger (which sat at room temperature for at least 25 minutes while we ate our other food), slapped it back on the grill until it was charred on the outside, and put it back on the bun.  It was still rare inside.  This is the kind of thing I would expect from Ruby Tuesday, not Laurent Tourondel's namesake.  Upon closer  inspection, the slice of bacon was even sticking out of the bun at the same angle as the original.  We debated ordering something else, and decided to try dessert instead.  After waiting and waiting for our waitress to return, we just wanted to get out of there and satisfy our sweet tooth elsewhere.  The waitress finally appeared and asked if she could clear the plates.  I wasn't really going to make a big deal of the uneaten burger, but when she didn't even ask  why we hadn't eaten it, I had had enough.  I graciously informed her that we were done with the burger as it was quite obvious the kitchen didn't make us a new one, only re-fired our incorrectly cooked first burger.  She stated she would remove the burger from our check, which we appreciated.  We asked for the check, which we received fairly promptly.Waiting another 20 minutes for our waitress to return and collect the folio with a card sticking out of the top, we finally decided to just leave cash and get out of there.It was most definitely a disappointing experience.  When I relayed the events to my husband, he suggested we might give them one more try.  I will have to think about that, considering there are so many other places that have never disappointed me.
5	Well I was certainly impressed. Bar staff was incredibly attentive! Extremely friendly and went above and beyond. Manager David came over and made sure I was enjoying my first time experience. Bartender Jeff, new trainee Donnie, and Kristen were all wonderful. Made my experience great and will be most definitely returning. The food was spectacular. Everyone must try the banana ice cream. It was to die for. I thought it was very pricey, however, it was worth every penny. It was overall a spectacular dining experience. Can't wait to go back. Great date spot as well. Especially for valentines day!!
3	Saw a lot of empty tables and the hostess told us the wait time is at least 30 min. I didn't question her because it happens all the time in New York, reservations... So we settled for the lounge.Out of curiosity, i pulled up my Opentable app and saw tables were available in the next 15 min. I made a reservation and went to the hostess. She told me it's because of the big groups that occupied ALL the tables so all reservations are pushed back. But if I can wait for a table if I want. So I ate my popover (as great as always!) and appetizer (bacon steak, it was ok, Morton's did a better job in which the bacon steak has less fat in it) while I wait for a table. In 10 minutes, our table is ready. During my wait, I saw nobody walked in with a reservation except a couple. So I am confused why I was made to wait for. Worse, why I was told it was at least 30 min wait. I think this shows a very poor management as it can turn away a lot of customers.Sea bass was good, short ribs were great as always. But I had much better experience in other BLT locations.
5	One of the top restaurants in the valley to get a great steak or even grab delicious drinks at the bar. The staff is very knowledgable and are always very consistent in taking care of the guests. The  general manager David Kent is always on the floor making wine presentations, bussing tables and constantly interacting with guests to provide a welcoming experience. Server Chris C. is the best!!! You have to try this exquisite restaurant or you'll be missing out...and order the cowboy killer if you enjoy manhattans.
4	Ok, so great food without the typical steak house menu.The pate was good, the hamachi was above average, the steak was good as well.The popovers where the best part of the place, good try for a not so ordinary steak house.
3	I really wanted to like this place.  The restaurant itself is beautiful, and the service was absolutely perfect.  However, the food was underwhelming.  I went last night with a party of 9, and while the popovers were delicious, we all thought our steaks were served much more rare than any of us had ordered.  My NY strip was also a little chewy.  At almost $50 for the steak alone, I definitely expected a better piece of meat.  The side dishes, all at $9 each, were very small and could feed no more than one.  Several of them were also room temperature by the time they arrived, and all were medicore tasting ....with the exception of the jalepeno mashed potatoes which were perfectly done.  For the price this place charges, overall I was disappointed in the food.  But again, the atmosphere and service were all great.
5	Spending the weekend in AZ with my husband and my in laws. From the moment we walked in we received a warm welcome and were seated right away outside. It was beautiful!! We ordered crab cakes as am appetizers but it turned out that also serve you liver pate (which was delicious!) and then huge popovers (hot and lovely). The popovers came with a cool little recipe card to take home to try to make at home. My in-laws got steaks and we got fish, the sea bass and the halibut (this was on their blackboard menu). Everything was divine! I ordered the Parmesan gnocchi which was good but I thought I really liked Parmesan but they pile it on so much that even I had to shove some off. The service was beyond stellar: prompt, friendly, and helpful. Sam was great! After the sun went down my mother got a little cold and Sam was more than happy to fulfill my father in laws request for wrap for her. Wow! David, who I believe was the manager was also great. He was chatting it up with my father in law and seemed genuinely happy to be there. We opted out of dessert but Sam brought us tiny and delicious, soft, oooey, gooey and warm espresso chocolate cookies. All in all great night on every front!
4	I brought a large group here for a friend's bachelor party. The waitstaff was friendly and attentive, though the food was somewhat slow to come, perhaps due to the large size of the group.The steaks were all perfectly cooked and delicious, and the signature complimentary popovers were also quite tasty. We also received an amuse bouche of chicken liver pate and crostini which, though not in line with my personal taste, was a nice touch. Our waiter was also able to recommend a nice bottle of wine which was reasonably priced. My one complaint was the deserts, which each lacked flavor and creativity. All in all I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
1	Food was OK not great how ever the crab cake was terrible the worst I have ever had. The service was even worse. The staff clueless unfriendly and rushed everything. The restaurant was only a third full . Now I know why.
5	Best meal I've had here in the valley! Tuna tartar, filet, gnocchi, peas, carrot cake.... All perfect!
4	Easily the best place I've been to in Scottsdale. Food was incredible and to my surprise the service was top notch. Erika took care of our table and she was phenomenal. If every restaurant had an Erika they'd be a hit. Great appetizers, the bar was awesome. I can't complain.
5	Restaurant Week dinner, party of three.How have I not been here before? This place is wonderful and provided a fantastic dining experience! It was clean, well spaced, light and bright for a steakhouse, and the service was absolutely flawless beginning to end.The Chef's amuse was a warm chicken liver pate and fresh country bread. Possibly the best pate I've ever had.The popovers (served with fresh butter and sea salt) are amazing. I think they know this - as there was the added super-cool touch of including a recipe card for the popovers on the plate. (And yes - any bread recipe that calls for gruyere is going to be amazing!)We all opted for the carpaccio appetizer. Melt in my mouth perfection! Dishes like this are exactly why I have carpaccio cravings!We also all opted for the flat iron steak - we were at a steakhouse after all. I enjoyed the fresno chile butter - it was a pleasant change from plain or gorgonzola butter that I've had elsewhere. As expected, the steaks were cooked perfectly.Happily, we each wanted a different side - grilled white asparagus, tater tots, and broccoli mac and cheese. They were served in iron dishes at the center of the table, and there was plenty for each of us to enjoy all three. Not a bad choice in the bunch! (But the tater tots need to be issued a new name. With how incredible they are, if I call them tots, I will never be able to look at another tot without feeling sadness that they just don't measure up to what BLT was serving. Need to ask for that recipe!)We also went across the menu with dessert, so we were able to share all three. As each of us felt the one we ordered was the best, it was once again, winners all the way around. Bonus dessert - chocolate chip petite fours straight from the oven. Absolute perfection!Mix this all in with a fantastic Manhattan (or two),  and a great view of Camelback Mountain at sunset - and it was a recipe for an absolutely perfect meal! Can't wait to go back!
3	Two words that are very important for this restaurant... happy. hour. We went to BLT steak for restaurant week, but got here early to try their happy hour. This place has a very good happy hour! We didn't try the food, but would like to in the future. I got the mango mule kick and it was so good that I ordered a second one right away. The husband had a manhattan and enjoyed it. The only issue with happy hour was the service was sloooooow, but at least the view was pretty while we were waiting. When we were seated for dinner, the hostess seemed stress and said she was 'so busy' but the restaurant was only half full... makes you wonder what it normally like. We were seated and served the amuse bouche of chicken liver... not something I liked, but the husband liked it alright. The popovers were very tasty, no need to go on about those. For apps the husband got the artichoke dip and I had the carpaccio. The artichoke dip was fairly good, but nothing terribly special. I had never had carpaccio before and was really scared... but it was good! Very soft, acidic, and flavorful. For mains, we both had the steak. The steak was soooo goooood. Seared just right, juicy, and all kinds of delicious. My only issue with the steak was that mine was not properly rested so it bled everywhere... kind of gross to have a pool of blood on the plate. Despite this, It still tasted wonderful. The sides, however, were a different story. We had tater tots and the broccoli mac and cheese.. both sound so good, both were totally bland and boring... we didn't even bother eating them or taking them home. Then came dessert.... well, it should have, but we ended up waiting a long long time for them to come out. They did give us complimentary coffee for the wait, so that was nice, but it took a crazy amount of time to get them. I had the crepe souffle which was absolutely delicious. It was very eggy, but the acidic sauce cut through it very well and complimented it beautifully. The husband got the chocolate peanut butter dessert, which was also very good, served with wonderful banana ice cream.... It reminded me of a peanut butter and banana sandwich... in a good way. I would like to come back here for happy hour or just for a steak by itself, but I don't know that I would come for a whole meal again.
3	I recently went here while my husband and I were on vacation and staying at the JW Marriott Camelback and since I love a good steak and their menu looked amazing, we made a reservation for my birthday dinner.We waited way over an hour for our food because there was a wedding in the private room of the restaurant. I totally understand that the wedding takes priority, but come on.. let's get some more staff in there so the rest of the restaurant isn't waiting over an hour for their first course.The food was good, the wait staff was pretty meh and not outstanding. I was definitely expecting better service and was disappointed. Not a total fan, however the little mini apple pie dessert that I finally got 35 min after our meal was done was delicious  and I'm glad I ordered it. Over all, pretty "meh". Not outstanding but not terrible, either.
5	Great location, great atmosphere. Went last year for a birthday and plan on going there again.. Staff was very knowledgable regarding the menu.
5	The wife and I love BLT steakhouse for special occasions. We just love this place,The view from the main dining room, the chalk diagram of the cow and where different steaks come from, the service and of course the food. Last night we enjoyed a major feastBefore our appetizer came out, we were treated to a complimentary chicken liver pate which was very rich and tasty.  We started with the caesar- which is delicious and loaded with Parmesan - ( better love cheese) - and came out with the famous popovers. My wife has been looking forward to those popovers since we last came here celebrating out engagement. For entrees, we grilled our server. She had the salmon, I had a rib eye thanks to an excellent recommendation by our server. The sides are a must!! We had cream spinach ( my fav) and stuffed mushrooms (her fav)  lets just say we left with an entire dinner for the next day. On a nice occasion, one needs to treat themselves to dessert- and at blt, you need to get the apple pie. It comes out in its own little cast iron pan, and it is epic. We had a special oatmeal ice cream on it instead of the traditional brown butter What we love most about this place is the wonderful service. Both Matt, and Luis were fantastic. Matt had great recommendations for us, and was patient with my lame attempts at humor. He had a nice balance of attentiveness without being over bearing or annoying. Luis was also great - after he learned my wife basically dreams about the popovers all year long, he threw in a couple to go - she was so happy I thought she was going to take him home too This place is great- we love it -excuse the typos, written fromThe phone
4	Did a "staycation" at camelback inn and decided to check out the happy hour.It's packed!!! Recommend getting there by 6 to get a seat.Food:Shrimp cocktail - 3 U-8 shrimp nicely done but the cocktail sauce was like it came out of a jar 6/10Burger- excellent flavor, cooked perfectly. 8/10Onion rings- these are "Texas" style but the batter overwhelmed the onion and a tad greasy 6/10Roasted beets- if you like bitter then you will really enjoy them. For myself, it was a little off putting. 7/10Popovers- yes as everyone says they are that good 9/10Carrot cake w ginger ice cream- buttery, rich, a bit heavy. 2 bites is enough 8/10Service- one bartender for entire place on a Saturday doesn't cut it. So service is non existent 5/10Would I return? For happy hour..absolutely. Wonderful ambience, terrific resort, quaint.Dinner...probably not.
4	This was my friends & I 4th year coming to this pace for our annual mancation.  The first three years I got the rack of lamb. It was cooked to perfection. This year I ordered the rosemary chicken. The chicken was juicy and tender. They have an excellent wine selection. As long as we they keep treating us good we will keep  coming back.
5	had a great table w view of camelback at sunset.the food and service was excellent.  the popovers is always a highlight.appetizers and salad is large enough to share.steaks and fish were cooked to perfection and had great flavor.
4	I've been here twice now, both over the summer 2014.. It's a very good choice for a steakhouse. I prefer patio seating.. Inside is rather dull.. My first experience here was the best.. Service was friendly and highly accommodating, my second time the service was fine, just not as impressive.. I really loved the fanny bay oysters.. The pop overs are amazing n they also teach a class at 4 on on how to make them, or just ask for the recipe. The salads are amazing .. The lobster Cobb was delicious and so was the chopped.. I also had hen of the wood mushroom for the first time.. Very good with a steak.. All the wines are pretty decent with low to high price ranges.. I'll go back again.. Make sure u walk around the grounds after, it is the jw..
5	5 Reasons this is my go to Steakhouse in PHX! 1. Kettle One Martini's with hand stuffed blue cheese olives. Yeah, not rocket science here, but these are bowls of life sustaining liquid and food!!! Generous size martini's poured to glacial perfection. 2. Filet Mignon. Ruth Chris step aside with your butter steaks and let a true steakhouse show you how to cook a filet mignon. Grilled with a beautiful char and seasoned gently with butter and rosemary, this steak (Medium Rare) melts in your mouth. Wash is down with some Kettle One and start the process all over. 3. Popovers. Americans make everything better. BLT took an English side (Yorkshire Pudding) and amped it up with Popovers. Very intimidating at first, but grab it, rip it, butter it and enjoy!! Wash it down with some Kettle One and start the process all over. 4. Kettle One Martini's with hand stuffed blue cheese olives. Yeah, finished the first and on to the second one!5. Camelback Inn. This restaurant is a must for your out of town guests. The beauty of Camelback Inn with the view of the mountain sets a scene that just can't be replicated anywhere else. Wash it done with some Kettle One and relax!Time to save up for my next trip to BLT!!!
5	One of the best restaurant's in Scottsdale or Phoenix!I love the popovers, caesar salad, crabcakes, tuna tartare and potato gratin. Service is always great.The best item on their menu is the Wagyu 12oz Ribeye steak. It's as tender as a Filet Mignon with all the fatty goodness of a ribeye. Definitely one of the top 5 steaks I've eaten anywhere in the world.The only disappointment here is sitting inside the restaurant is very noisy. The tables are too close together and the wood floors make all the noise echo. When its warm enough, and not too hot, sitting outside is a much nicer and quieter option.
5	One of the greatest bone-in ribeyes of my life. I've traveled the country eating my way through some of the best ribeyes one can find, and yet still BLT Steak just hits it home. Also, the pop-overs they serve are incredible. This is my go-to place in the valley for an amazing steak.
4	Steaks very good. Service good.  Ambiance- needs a bit of a make over.  Wine- overpriced as with almost everywhere.  But a decent wine list.  I know restaurants make a lot of their money on booze but the mark up on wine is crazy.  They need to realize this to some degree as it puts people off.
5	I'm trying not to let the popovers influence my overall review too much.  I say this because the popovers were so heavenly that I could eat just a dozen of those (slathered in butter, of course) and make that my meal.But on to the rest.  We had two courses of appetizers, first was the lobster cobb salad (lots of lobster, avocado, cheese, it would be a decenrt meal for people with a normal appetite) and the crabcake (didn't get a taste, but it looked amazing).  Then we split a grilled lobster as a second app.  Lobster is lobster, you say?  Au contraire!  However they prepared it, this lobster was amazing.  Oh wait, make it 3 apps because they started us with complimentary chicken pate (the best free app I've ever had).  Then I had the aged ribeye (a special that night) with foie gras butter.  The foie gras butter was a mistake for 2 reasons: 1) it was too rich, and the steak was decadent enough on its own; and 2) it was too salty.  But the steak itself was superb, and I'd gladly order it again, without the butter. After his NY Strip (which he loved), my friend was too stuffed to even think about dessert, but I had to have a little sweet something.  I ordered the pear frangipane tart, substituting brown butter ice cream for whatever they normally serve it with (the substitution was no problem at all).  Man oh man, I've been to Paris five times and eaten my weight in pastries every time I go, and this dessert is one of the best I've ever had: just right sweetness, a crisp buttery crust, an almost creamy almond paste - simply perfection.  The brown butter ice cream complemented the tart without overpowering it.The setting is really beautiful.  It was still warm enough to eat on the terrace, which offers a terrific view of the Camelback resort.  The service was spot-on.  Also, the liquor prices were pretty darn reasonable (Macallan 25 for $95? I was thisclose to ordering a double).  I'm still trying to get over my traumatic visit to the ghastly-bad Stockyards steakhouse in May.  BLT definitely boosted my image of Phoenix steakhouses.
2	Went on a Saturday night.  The service was horrendous.  We waited and hour and 15 minutes to receive an entree.  I am all about relaxed fine dining but this was ridiculous.   The steak was excellent, everything else ok.  Atmosphere is pretty cold.After numerous complaints (not just us but another couple next door) they comped the entree.  We won't be back.  If you want a great meal with a super environment for less, eat at Rita's just outside.
4	Service was very good!   The popovers were amazing. Just know that they serve them hot and fresh. They are meal all to themselves.   The chopped salad was great. The Dover sole was somewhat fishy, and the bone in filet was just average.  They wet age their beef and it had a funny taste to it. The sides for the most part are your average steakhouse sides. The mushrooms were above average.   They served a chicken pate spread with the bread which I did not eat as I am not a fan of livers.
