3	Ok, this place can be a great little neighborhood bar- they have a nice Irish pub feel and plenty of beers on draft.  If you were to go here  Sunday-Wednesday this place would prob receive 4 stars.  Unfortunately, this place has the most horrible clientele.  This is yuppie central, especially on Thursday nights, and the people that come to this bar just suck.  I will leave you with this story-  The last time I went there on a Thursday night (when they have $2 drafts, which is cool) a guy i went to high school with hit on me, and it was clear to me he had no idea that we knew each other.  After I reminded him, he happened to mention (while he was hitting on me) that another girl we went to high school with was upstairs waiting for him to return with her drink- this guy is a winner.  I'll admit i thought it was funny that he was such an idiot and that the girl was upstairs waiting cluelessly for him to return, but this is not the kind of behavior I want to deal with when I'm trying to drink.   So pretty much, go during their off-times for a quiet drink or some food or be prepared to deal with drunk, stupid, wannabe social climbers.
4	Tyber Creek is a great place to drink, and is one of my favorite places to throw back a cold brew.  They have $2 Guinness drafts every single day, so bear that in mind.  They are also within bike riding distance from y house, so i love to just ride my beach cruiser up there drink a couple of Guinness and pedal home.   It has a true Irish pub feel with 3 different atmospheres.  1st there's the outside, perfect for most of the temperate climate in Charlotte, and on weekends they tend to have live music outside.2ND there's the first floor inside which is dark and very Irish pub-like . And 3rd there is the top level where they have live music and DJ's on occasion and mostly its just a more lively place to hang out than the 1st floor, they do have a pool table, its a little crooked and stained, but hey its only 50 cents to play.   Thursdays, like are $2 draft night where everything on draft is $2, but bear in mind this is one of their busiest nights and you will most likely have to deal with the type of crowds  Erin K. warns about, but if you're like me, that is no problem, $2 beer is good all day every day.  Tyber creek has a great great atmosphere and $2 Guinness pints everyday, beat that.
3	Tyber Creek is a great example of a risk-reward type of place.You definitely run the risk of the following: drunk idiots who are all wearing the same thing (polo shirts and khakis or plaid shorts), a crowded bar, and the potential to lose your voice talking to the people you are with due to the LOUDNESS of the place, both downstairs and upstairs where DJs and bands play.I also enjoy the outside area, which is where I like to head when the weather is nice.If you can handle all of that, you are likely to enjoy yourself, as there is good music, $2 Guinness draughts, and a great place to observe funny drunken behavior.Definitely a younger clientele, similar to that of Angry Ale's. Not the type of place I want to frequent, but an amusing and sometimes fun place to hit up every now and then.
3	Tyber Creek is pretty close to my boyfriend's house, so we were hoping it could be our neighborhood bar (or something like that). But the crowds there are way too fratty for us and, as others have mentioned, the place is insanely loud. Plus, I hate when it's a battle just to get to the bar to order a drink. Going out drinking should not be that hard.  The bright sides: $2 drafts on Thursdays. And It's right off the light rail, so if you're coming from uptown or farther south you can take public transit there. If you live in South End or Dilworth, Tyber Creek is probably within walking distance for you, which is another perk.
4	Tyber Creek Pub is a little bit tucked away off of South Blvd, but let's call it a pseudo-hidden gem. This place is great, whether you're looking for a quiet drink with friends or a wild night out on the town. Tyber Creek has a very saloon-y feel: dark with wood everywhere, if that makes any sense. There's a downstairs area that's a little more mellow, and then a raucous upstairs space, complete with its own bar and plenty of bar game fixtures (that game with the sliding things and the sawdust? you know what i'm talking about). Great music playing, great crowds, and just an overall fun vibe every time I've been in here. Check out on a Monday or Tues if you're looking for a quieter evening. if you're looking to really throw-down, try a Friday or Saturday night and you wont be disappointed.
2	Having just returned from London and missing it, we decided to give Tyber Creek Pub a try.  Turns out, it's an Irish pub, but it fully reminded me of the English pubs we ducked into while in London.  As we soon discovered, it was a bit too much like a London pub.  It took us a few tries to realize that there is no real waiter service in London pubs.  You order from the bar and then someone brings your food out to your table, if you're lucky enough to find one.  Tyber Creek wasn't much different.  After waiting a little while, we discovered that we had to order our food from a little window and it was brought out to us.  Like London pubs, the menu was VERY limited and the food was just average, and the place was a little dingy with an obvious bar/musty smell.  If you're in the mood for something extra casual and just feel like standing around drinking, I guess it could be fun.  Me?  After working so much, I like to relax, sit down, and be served some delicious food in a fun and/or relaxing, clean atmosphere.  I can't find all that at Tyber Creek.
3	Don't go here if you want to have a quiet conversation on a weekend night.As ususal with a quick review of my fellow Yelpers, I wonder if we were at the same place. How certain is the truthy quote, ' it's all in the eye of the beholder'.I was interested in this place because I heard they were serving $3 Imperial Pints of Guinness, which they are. It's also the site of place I used to frequent back in the late 70's called the Olde Quarter. Bill Hannah played regular gigs there as well as a host of other local & regional bands...Dixie Dreggs and Spectrum. There was a fire in 82 or 83, the place closed down and I know it's been several bar/restaurants since and has been in it's current incarnation for about 10 years.Back to the Guinness topic. It's a nice clean and fresh pour and certainly a good value at $3 for an imperial pint which at 20 oz is four ounces more than the standard US pint.The music....a nice mix of U2, Kinks, Steely Dan, Foo Fighters, Radiators...you get the idea...but loud...loud...loud. Way too loud to have a 'quiet conversation' as another Yelper suggested.Went on a Sat evening, the downstairs was open, the upstairs was closed. It does have a Pub feel to it, dark and lots of wood, signs advertising specials and various bands.There's a host stand but no one to greet us at 730p on a Sat evening. There's a good sized bar and many raied round table tops on the floor of the bar...some with stools & some with wood backed chairs. We took a seat and sat for about five minutes with no server in sight. I then went to the bar and orderd some beers and asked for food service.Within 5 minutes we had a server who was cordial and nice. I asked about the music and she smiled and said " do you like it", to which I responded "yes, but isn't it a little loud"...she smiled even bigger and replied..."are you kidding, it's quiet compared to what it's usually like".If you don't mind asking your companion to repeat themselves after every sentence or are good at giving and reading sign language then you shouldn't have a problem. Otherwise I would suggest going when it's warmer when you can sit outside. There were a couple of 42 inch plasmas tuned to ESPN...fortunately with the sound turned downWe both had burgers which were better than average. They have a good selection of  pub grub fare. The couple beside has the wings which they both raved about. They also suggested the Rabbit Food appetizer which we orded and I'll admit was fresh & tasty, carrots, cucumbers and celery sticks along w/Ranch dressing...a little pricey IMO at $6.50 but...it was fresh.Upstairs is a bar with a 52 inch plasma, pool tables & some dart boards. I'm guessing on a busy nite that's where most people go if they don't care for the downstairs. I would guess that if the place has managed to stay in business for 10 years, it's because of the affordable draft beer selection & the location. It's proximity to Dillworth & South End.Go for the beer and take someone you don't care to  to have a quiet conversation with.
4	Totally a fan.  Used to live right around the corner and could very easily walk there.  I truly enjoy all the bartenders' company and their playlists!  You can always bet on a good mix of people who are either enjoying the pints of Guinness or the pool table and dance floor upstairs.  You can't go wrong in a place where they actually know how to correctly pour a Guinness.  I always like to get a "snakebite" which is Harp and Cider mixed together.  It's refreshing and sweet but after about two it's a little overwhelming.  For a long time, this was our neighborhood bar.  We would usually show up after dining hours strictly to party, and that we did, and that we will continue to do.
5	Good spot to hang out. Chill during the week fun on the weekends. Bartenders are cool. Best spot in Charlotte.
2	Not sure what everyone raves about, service was terrible, and the crowd was thin.  I didn't eat, so I can't tell you about the food, I was going to eat, but based on how long it took to get a drink I went to Mac's to eat and you should too.
5	Best PUB in town!  They have the friendliest bartenders (and TIM), wide selection of cold draft beer and an awesome atmosphere.  I love that you can go there and have a conversation with friends, without screaming over loud music.  Except, when there is a band.  And in that case, you are singing along. Their pizza is one of the best in town too!
2	Yeah, not really my thing. And by that, I mean:I like my beer cold.I like my beer bubbly. Service was great, crowd was mixed (tad fratty. but I expected worse), patio is awesome and comfy (but seriously smokey, which my lung-healthy cohort kept pointing out). They pour ye olde Guinness properly, and that's what we came for. But would I come back? Not unless they figure out how to properly chill and store their libations. A warm, flat beer, even on $3 pint night, ain't gonna cut it.
3	The hubby and I came here because we had a buy one entree get one free coupon.  We were here on a Tuesday night and there was hardly anyone else here.  This didn't bother me though because we had our choice of whatever table we wanted inside.  I enjoyed the ambiance in this place with a traditional pub feel.  They spiced things up a little with some mood lighting from the candles placed on every table and all along the bar.  I also liked the selection of music they were playing and it was at just the right volume.We each ended up ordering the buffalo chicken sandwich and fries.  The sandwich tasted pretty good and it was actually sufficiently covered in buffalo sauce.  Add some blue cheese dressing and it hit the spot.  The fries were practically overflowing off my plate.  Unfortunately the fries tasted just like the kind we make at home in the frozen bag.They had a decent draft beer selection (maybe 10 or so beers) but we came on a night without specials, with the exception of the daily $3 Guiness pint.We ended our evening by playing some photo hunt at the bar.  I'm easily entertained.I would come back here to hang out on a weeknight and grab a couple beers, preferably on a night with drink specials.
3	Walking in expecting to see a hostess or something, we kind of just meandered in and found a table. The backless stools looked brand new yet still fit with the old world pub feel. We were greeted by the barkeep who came out to take our orders. We had one menu to look at to make our selections. Small but sufficient bar food menu and a decent jumbled listing of beers. They were all written in one run on sentence like paragraph using commas to separate them so i really couldn't say how many drafts they had. i know i had Big Boss Blanco Diablo and a $3 Guinness. Thursday is $3 pint night for all drafts i believe, but everyday is $3 Guinness day.i went with the buffalo chicken sandwich which apparently comes with a super sized  extra large amount of fries. Plain old fries that could use some love from a seasoning salt of some sort. The buffalo was decent and the chicken was a hearty portion.Overall, i liked our service and meal. Can't say i'd recommend coming solely for the meal, unless you come armed with the Entertainment coupon then it is definitely worth trying (bogo entree) or if you are longing for an authentic pub feel and are going to have some drinks. (i've never been to a real pub, but it seems authentic), i imagine we'll venture back if for nothing else to use the 2011 Entertainment Book coupon.
4	Yeah I like this bar, the bartenders are awesome and they make good drinks.  Its small and cozy and has a nice outdoor patio.  I haven't tried any of the food yet but its definitly one of my go to places in this part of town.
3	I like Tyber Creek.  I went early on a Thursday night and had a good time relaxing and catching up with a friend.  If there were half stars it would get a 3.5.  Here are the great things about it:- Ample parking- Cozy inside- All pints are $3 on Thurs.- Adequate beer selection- ChillI didn't try any of the food.  Service wasn't as attentive as I'd desire, but we got what we needed!
4	Always have been a fan of Tyber Creek.  It's right off of South and the area has been changing since the light rail was built and there are new exciting things happening.Last night I partook in my first every South End Gallery Crawl which was a little different from the ones I've experienced in NoDa.  What's good was that Tyber was in the area so once the crawl was over, we headed to Tyber for a couple drinks.The upstairs was closed for a private party, but it was opened back up later on in the night, but it made for some "Hi, how are you doing?" moments as someone walked by and accidentally bumps/rubs you in an area you don't normally get contact in (in public).  It got pretty crowded downstairs, but when the party was over, we headed upstairs and played shuffleboard and continued our merriment.Don't normally go here for the food, but it looks good?  I'll have to come back and actually eat here one day.
3	Finally made it to Tyber Creek for the first time! After all, it's been 2.5 years since I moved to Southend, so what's the rush...ha! Good beer selection with decent bar food in a dark atmosphere with old TV's...enough said.
4	There is always an amazing band or artist performing here. I like every single one I have seen. They have a really cool location in south end and comfortable dark, exposed wood, homey feeling bars up and downstairs.  I love the food especialy the egg, steak, and cheese wrap!  Most delicious bar menu item I have EVER had.  They have outdoor seating as well and cornhole for the drinker that likes to be active.  Pool tables and darts upstairs and the staff is beyond friendly.  Great place to start or end your night....or hang out all day on the weekend.
4	I came here on a Sunday and I so wish I had found this place earlier.  I have been looking for a place that had other forms of entertainment than just people watching and I finally found Tyber Creek.  I loved the dark pub feel and how they had not only an upstairs but also outside seating.  Half of the beers on tap I had never even heard of so I decided to taste test them (and they let me!) and all but one were great!  I can't speak for what it's like on a Saturday night, but for a relaxed Sunday funday, I couldn't think of a better place to go.  Cornhole, shuffleboard, outside seating, friendly staff and patrons, and cheap yet unique beer.  Yay!  Plus the nachos weren't too bad either.
4	Went here with a group of friends and was pleasantly surprised! Great food, and $3 pints of Guinness. The place just had a great atmosphere, friendly staff, and played great music! If you're looking for a fun place to have a pint with friends, definitely check out Tyber!
5	I loved this place before, but the new updates put it over the top!  Awesome decor, great menu, and as always, an incredible staff!
2	Pre-renovation I was a huge fan on Tyber, and yes, due to it's proximity to my abode, it still gets more than one star, but taking out the games upstairs and replacing them with booths... not okay. The food has always been decent (especially for midnight fare), the bartenders have always been great, but walking upstairs was a disaster. I never noticed a seating problem before, but apparently the owners did... oddly enough, the high tables were still busy as usual, but all of the booths sat empty. Only once the upstairs bathroom line grew too long did people start to occupy the nearest cushion. Also, instead of people being able to gravitate to a high top away from the stairwell like they used to, they were stuck standing right near the stairs (or the bathroom) and walking from one side of the upstairs to the other was more hassle than needed be. Tyber has definitely dropped on my list of near-home stop ins, but on an off night where I think it'll be slow enough I don't have to head upstairs for a seat, I'll probably be back.
3	An Irish-style pub and therefore they have Guinness on tap. This was one of our stops on the Light Rail Bar Crawl and so the timing was short. Rather than wait for the Guinness to settle, I had a draft Harpoon.Upstairs is a whole different area and yes, there is a proper bar upstairs with the usual selection of draft and bottled beers plus spirits. The two bartenders working that night were friendly but it was hard to hear anything over the rather loud music. Fortunately, we managed to escape before the DJ started spinning tunes.Of the bars we hit during the Crawl, this was my favorite.
5	REMODELED!Went in here on Friday afternoon to grab a drink, man... what a difference a remodel makes.  The upstairs is totally redone:  they "un"-blacked-out the windows and put frosting on it so it lets a lot more light in.... really opened up the space and also got rid of that weird "stage" level with the railing that had all the tvs and video games located on it.  The whole upstairs is totally one level... and is very open, inviting, airy, and chill.  There are new bathrooms upstairs as well so no more stumbling down dark stairs (you can see now!) to go use the restroom.I asked the barkeep how long ago the renovations had been completed and she said it had been about 3 months.They also did away with the quick bar food type menu and have a chef.  Everything is homemade and delicious (according to the bar keep).  I ended up trying the pimento cheeseburger with bacon.... man I was not disappointed by the hype that the bartender put in me while telling me about this sandwich.  The great thing is that the food is Delicious and affordable.
4	I think this place is a pretty cool spot in South End. Friendly bartenders, plenty of parking, cold beer, and it even boasts an outdoor space. I was lucky enough to snag some of their appetizers at a Yelp event yesterday and have to say their basil pesto is delectable. I heard more than a few comment on bottling that delicious concoction! The place was recently remodeled so check it out !
4	I had never been to Tyber Creek before, despite the number of times I have passed it driving through South End.  I was very impressed on my first visit and well certainly be back.I love the atmosphere of a pub (opposed to a bar).  The dark wood everywhere and the focus on good beer and good friends (instead of trying to be a restaurant/dance hall/bar).  Upstairs is more seating and another full bar with drafts, bottles, and spirits. They do food as well, but did not sample any on my first visit.  It seems like they take a stab at being Irish, with Guinness and a few other Irish staples on draft, but only a few selections on the menu.As others have mentioned, the music can be a little on the loud side.  But, at least they play DECENT music, something that fits with the atmosphere and the menu.Fun hangout place that I'll certainly return to.
4	Gotta love a remodel! Tyber Creek was due for a little love and they did a really great job. Beyond the nicely put together two floors, spacious bars and plenty of seating, Tyber offers a really sweet patio. Whether you care to enjoy a Guinness after work or are itching to play some cornhole, this is a perfect place to do so. Bartenders are friendly and the overall vibe is relaxed and easy. Bonus points for great daily drink specials! As for the eats, the menu also received a fairly nice redo as well! I was particularly fond of the pesto dip to go along with the fresh and toasty pita triangles. While the spicy cheese sticks sounded scrumptious, I kept hoping that my next bite would be spicier. That just gives me more of a reason to come back and try a few more apps!
3	Love this spot!  I don't normally spend a whole ton of time in the South End (although I'd love to start... in fact, I think I will start now! ready, go!), so when a CMYE popped up for this location, I decided to give it a try.  Our get together was upstairs, and we had a dedicated bartender there, along with waitresses, so we were never out of drinks, which was awesome.  I'd love to come back here and try the food, it looked pretty good (and the samples of hummus, garlic dip, and tapenade were delish!).I like the atmosphere here, it's quiet enough upstairs that you could hold a conversation, and there is ample space to sit or stand around.  Plenty of TVs too!One thing, though... maybe get some new barstools?  It was not fun for this short person to hoist herself up onto a barstool by the bottom rung of the stool, only to have it break off and send me reeling and spilling my drink everywhere.  It was a good conversation starter in a sea of strangers, but, I mean, I spilled my drink.Other than the drink-spilling, though,  good times!! Need to come back and play some cornhole outside!!
3	Cool place to hang out and drink.. not a ton of seating, and the downstairs is pretty small. Other than that.. the place was crowded, and there was a nice patio area outside. They also have cornhole which is a big plus!!
4	I don't think I've ever had a bad experience here since the remodeling completed. Beers are colder than before, the food is pretty decent, and the crowd is always laid back and looking for a good time. The outdoor patio is set up nicely with cornhole and live music. This really is a great neighborhood pub.
3	I love the close proximity of Tyber Creek Pub to our home and it's a great place to grab a beer after work!This was our first visit and it was pretty good;  pictures attached.  We had the meat skewers, tuna tacos, a grilled chicken salad, and a pimento cheeseburger with bacon.  The salad was pretty good and basic but the chicken was great quality.  The skewer was only okay, the tuna tacos were good but not great.  My brother had the burger and enjoyed it.  He compared it to Bad Daddy's with far less grease.  The outdoor seating is great and I look forward to visiting again in the fall.  It was a big hot and probably should have sat indoors, but it was great to see the newly renovated area.  On the next visit, I'll sample the traditional irish fare.  With Big Ben across the street serving up excellent authentic English fare, I'm hopeful this one can be comparable so I can have a good Irish place to visit on a cold winter night!... More to come ...
4	I've come here a few times for drinks after school with a small group and it has always been great. I think I'd only eaten here 1x before though. A larger group of us came this weekend and had a phenomenal time. Everyone was happy with their food. NO complaints. I had the blackened chicken/goat cheese sandwich and it was actually blackened (unlike some places) the seasonings were amazing and so delicious. Everything was exactly how we ordered.The only complaint I have is that we were seated and then told we had to move because another party had reserved the section. It wouldn't have been a problem had we been told that when we arrived. The least that could have been done was a free app.
5	LOCAL OWNED & LOCAL RUN.  Super Nice Staff.  Fun place for a pint.  I highly endorse TC.  Irish pub.  Corn Hole Outside.  Outside seating.  Parking can be a bit rough.  DO NOT DRINK AND DRIVE.  This is a high arrest area for Charlotte area.  Get a cab.
1	I want to like this place so bad because it is across the street and therefore the most convenience place to eat and drink for my entire building.  This place is horrible. The food is awful and the staff are all snotty.  I have tried to eat there so many times.  The grilled chicken tastes like rubber and is always burned, the bread is always stale and when you speak up to staff about it they give you an attitude like you are making it up.  The only thing positive at this place is their spinach dip.  I have seriously never had a worse experience with food, staff, or a Charlotte bar in total.  DO NOT GO HERE.
5	Great bar. The beer is cold, the food is good and the Bartenders are awesome. Early in the week, Tyber creek has a very down-home, Irish pub feel. It's quiet, the music is mellow and you can shoot the shit with the Bartenders while enjoying your drink. On weekends it gets a little bit more rowdy, with live music and DJ's upstairs.But the biggest draw is the staff. I would definitely recommend getting to know these guys and girls, as they are some of the nicest people you'll ever meet. They know how to mix a mean drink and are always very welcoming.This has become my go to bar for some time now, and I don't see that changing any time soon.
3	Fun place to go when you're in the South End on the weekends.  They always have a great DJ spinning some good tunes to dance to and the atmosphere is lively.  I've only drank at Tyber Creek (and mostly it's been beer), but I do know we've always had good service and always had a great time.
5	After leaving another popular dinner establishment for a 2.5hr wait, we called Tyber Creek to get on the list as we were driving there. This was our first time to Tyber and we did not know that the main floor was mainly a bar area and upstairs was the dining room. They had a private party in the dining area that night, but reserved a table for us in the bar room. They could have easily told us no - first come first served! But they really went out of their way to make a great spot for us, and customer service like that deserves a positive review. The beer specials were great, and the food was really good too! I think we all ended up with fish and chips, but they were the best I have had in a while. An assortment of appetizers were also well done. Thanks for a great evening Tyber!
5	I love Irish Pubs, and this place was great! So much fun!
1	Horrible! So, against my better judgment I went back to this awful place because once again, it is across the street.  It was pouring rain and the bouncer asked to see my ID.  As I reached into my wallet, I turned my body towards the door to keep my hair from getting drenched- not gonna let this rain ruin my awesome blow out!  The bouncer then grabbed me by the back of my neck and pulled me backwards back out into the rain.  Talk about POWER TRIP.  Horrified, I went to see the manager the next day, who told me security would call me.  The man called me and basically tried to tell me that what I said happened never happened despite the fact that I was with 4 people who all SAW it for themselves.  He then played the same power trip as the man that grabbed me and told me I didn't know what I was saying.  Most likely, it was the man that grabbed me trying to make excuses for his sad sorry self.  If you want to get power that badly create something, do something good for our community, be nice to people.  As a chick with a lot of degrees in a leadership role. I know first hand that you have to give power to get power.  You don't achieve it by grabbing a 5'6 girl by the neck.  This place is shameful.
3	So I needed a beer and had never been to Tyber Creek.  Not sure what's kept me from going, maybe I think I had the feeling it was a little neighborhood joint and it's not IN my neighborhood or something.  Either way, this is a pretty cool, sort of outdated, friendly bar.  Irish bar with plenty of great and cold beers on tap as well as an appetizer and bar menu that can compete with the best of them.Friendly bartenders keep the drinks coming and it's not hard to tell why people like this place.  It is definitely a come as you are kind of place and I like that.
3	We finally made it to Tyber Creek after 1.5 yrs, despite it being in our backyard.  Maybe I was deterred by the cornhole games or the deafening live bad music I could here from 2 miles away...Anyway, the indoor atmosphere is pretty cool (very dark, though, when not sitting at the bar) and the service was nice. I would probably come back here just for the Spinach & Artichoke dip.  It was phenomenal and as good as any I have ever had.  The burgers are also great as well (I can't say the same about the soggy/greasy fries, though), and definitely very flavorful....I didn't even need ketchup."Don't drink the water" - DMB...should be posted on the walls, though.  Pretty sure they use a hose out back for the ice water, so stick with soda or booze.
3	You know, this place says it's an Irish style pub, but nothing really screams Irish to me...  That isn't to say it's a bad place, mind you... It just feels more like a regular bar than an Irish pub, in my opinion... My favorite part about this place?  The bartenders... So helpful and sweet... Totally willing to carry drinks to the table for you from the bar...  We had a pretty large crew and we were all taken care of very well... I also enjoyed the bouncers... Well, the one upstairs, specifically... He was very sweet but I also got the distinct feeling he could headlock someone in a second, if the need arose... lol  The spicy mozzarella sticks are huge... I don't like those, but the people that had them said they were really good, so I guess they're a safe bet, if that's your thing... I had a couple of the Tyber wings with the Sweet Chili sauce and they were fairly decent for bar food... I really enjoyed their specialty shot with Bacardi 151 and a couple other things in it...  It's called the Tyber something... It was decently priced as well, so that was a plus... One thing that was kind of lame to me is that I didn't see a purse hook anywhere in their ladies room... Maybe I missed it, but I thought those were pretty standard nowadays...They have a really cool outdoor patio with cornhole boards, so I'm sure this place rocks fairly well in the summer... I've only been there a couple times, but it's a good hang...
5	Pretty awesome place to grab some beers and just hang out.The patio was a great place to just chill with some friends.  Parking is enormous.  Bartenders friendly.  Prices reasonable.  Indoors has a nice ambiance to it and looks like a place that could be a staple if I lived nearby.Special shout-out to Tyber for sponsoring our kickball team--Drinkers with Kicking Problems!  Okay, you get your fifth star...bribery works.dmo out
3	First time here, and probably the last.  We went for dinner and not drinks.  The food was borderline OK.  It appears to be more of a drinking spot.  However, the staff were very friendly.
5	This is what a neighborhood bar should be, providing a comfortable atmosphere in the bar downstairs, a place to eat quietly upstairs, and an unrivaled patio to pass the many beautiful nights we get here in the Queen City.The remodel Tyber went through about a year and a half ago did change the atmosphere a bit.  They went from a true bar, dark as midnight even at noon inside, a bit more light was brought in and some more space made downstairs.  I admit, I do miss the days of the $2 Guinness, but this is still once of my favorite places to grab a pint and a bite.
4	I've never eaten here but I do love their patio and staff. They painted the inside so it's not as dark and gloomy as it once was.
3	Cool little pub in the SouthEnd area with a decent outdoor area. Stopped in a couple weeks ago for some brews and food. Had the pimento cheeseburger with fries. It had a good grilled flavor but overall it was just another burger, nothing too special. The fries were tasty. I really liked the $3 draft special, Sweetwater 420! You can't beat that price!! The service is friendly. Overall, nice place to hang with some friends, drink a few cold ones and play some cornhole.
4	Beautiful spot in a beautiful part of town.  Drove by this place a couple of time and I got really curious about it.  This looks like a beautifully restored brick building which may have been an office building at one time.  Downstairs is appears to be more of a bar type area where drinking rules.  There is a second story where it appears to be more of a dining area.  There is also an outdoor patio area which really looks with about 10 tables which really looks like a nice place.Ate on the second floor dining area.  The decor is pretty much the basic Irish Pub look, dark wood bootsh, wood floorks, kind of a dark atmosphere that was brightened by sunlight shining through the windows.  The menu is very basic barfood with an irish slant to it.  My freind had fish and chips and I had a cheeseburger.  To be honest, I wouldn't be drawn here by the food, but it wouldn't keep me away either.  Food was good.  Best part part about this place is that it's got this great atmosphere that's relaxing, you have a good selection of beers and you can have food or snacks thats satisfying.To me thats worth a return trip or two.
4	Love Tyber Creek Pub. I started going there several months ago. The bartenders and staff are so, so friendly. And they are friendly every time I go in there! The bar area is small, but very cozy & welcoming. The bottled beer is cold. I always get the fish-n-chips and it is outstanding. The fish is always fresh, cooked perfectly and is THE best fish-n-chips I have had in Charlotte. There is a regular crowd that hangs out there, but I never feel out of place! When the weather is warm, the outdoor patio area is awesome!
5	For my girlfriend's 50th birthday, she wanted a big party with all her friends.  I called Tyber Creek a few months in advance and they reserved the upstairs bar area for me for free.  A few days before the event, I called back and ordered the medium size Party Package, which they assured me would be enough for 50 people.  I, also, asked that they be ready with 50 shots at 7pm for the birthday toast and reminded me I might want to bring a cake (Oops!)When we got there about 6pm, they took the cake off my hands and assured me it would be brought up at 7pm.  We went upstairs to find they had the upstairs bar area set up.  We had a dedicated bartender and waitress (plus others who helped out as need be).  They clearly had already been briefed about the shot, food and cake.  And nobody went long without a drink in hand.They started setting out the food, with hot food over sterno, plates, etc.  By the end of the night, I was pleasantly surprised that there were still a few chicken tenders and some dip left - but not much!  Good value for the money and a real pleasure not having to order any more food part way through the party.At 7pm sharp, they brought the cake up, having already put the candles on it, along with plates, forks and a knife.  The bartender was just finished pouring the shots.  I didn't have to remind them, which was very impressive.At the end of the night, my sweetheart managed to twist her ankle, so I whisked her away home.  It wasn't until the next day that I found out we'd left several gifts, mostly wine, at the bar.  They had put it ALL in the office and kept it safe until we picked it up.  That really says something about the honestly and ethics of the staff.I highly recommend Tyber Creek Pub for groups of 50 or more.  Very professional and a pleasure to work with.   And having had the occasional beer there, I know it is a first rate neighborhood bar, as well.
4	Bar has a very nice vibe, casual atmosphere, relaxed. It's a very solid bar and easy parking.  Menu could be a little more interesting, but the draft selection is solid.
4	Went here to meet up with some friends. They have a nice outdoor seating area with TVs so we could keep up with the NCAA game that was playing. They have a good selection of beer, however, I was disappointed with their specialty drink selection. Only a few to choose from and none of them were too appealing. I tried the one that I thought looked the best, but ended up sending it back and just decided to order beer. But it was a good place to meet up with a group so I would recommend it.
4	Kelly C. and I stopped in for a drink before the event at Pinot's Palette on a Wednesday hoping to grab a cider. I was unsure if they had any but I like the space Tyber has with an outdoor patio and fun games to play like cornhole and yard Jenga. I've been here a handful of times, but actually never been inside. We sat at the bar, and lucky for us, they had Angry Orchard pints on draft for $5. That's definitely a +1 in my book. The bartenders were very nice while we sipped on our ciders and chatted. The bar was not very crowded at all around 5pm, so we didn't feel rushed to move. A pleasant surprise on a sunny Wednesday, and a great way to start off the evening festivities.
4	I like this tucked away pub. Plus it's close to work & home. Plus they typcially have decent beer/drink special. And more recently (ex. earlier this week), I found out they have Bingo on Mondays! Let me clarify my 4-star rating. I enjoy a good pub/watering hole. I think a lot of places in Charlotte get too packed (seriously who wants to wait an eternity to get a lousy overpriced beer?). Tyber Creek Pub is what it is: low-key spot that gets forgotten at times, and I'm glad because I can find a table and enjoy some $3 pint special. However I wish their food is more solid. Most recently I ordered the beef skewer and I don't know if it's my fault for having it medium rare. I swear it tasted a little bad. And the soup of the day was incredibly salty, to the point of inedible. Thus, this is not a 4-star food review. But this is a solid 4-star let's get your drink  on review. Cheers!
3	Vibe here is great. Came around midnight so the kitchen was closed but the patio was kinda cool. Only thing I can comment on is my drinks. My smithwicks was good but can the bartender chill the vodka in a cherry bomb? The redbull and vodka were both warm. That's a lazy mistake. Also makes the shot awful.
5	We were looking for a family friendly, fun place, to watch the World Cup.  They got an outside patio, inside bar area, and another bar and lounge area upstairs.  We elected the upstairs area and settled in to watch the match.Majority of us all ordered Fish and Chips, with one dissenter, electing a burger.Food was hot, fresh and tasteful!Fun times and very family friendly!
3	Seems like your typical neighborhood bar with outdoor games (cornhole, darts, giant jenga) and friendly service.  I liked that you could have a dog outside and the atmosphere was very casual.  Pretty standard fare of drinks and food.  We ordered the dip/pita appetizer.  The pub cheese was cold (womp womp) and the hummus was bland but the server was incredibly nice in bringing us multiple rounds of pitas to dip!
4	This is one of my top three bar I hang out at. I love this place. I found it while attending a yelp happy hour event (which we need to start doing again). It just has a great vibe about it. I love the bar staff they make great drink and loves to have conversation. The food is good and out door space is perfect to chill summer or winter. When ever my friends and I have night out on the town we make sure we stop here. Thursday they have live music and Friday and Saturday they have a DJ. I say it enough I really enjoy hanging out here and you should check it out.
3	B.i.n.g.o started 30 minutes late. 10 minute break was 30 minutes. Was suppose to end at 9 but went till 930. Kinda boring.
5	This is the only bar I've found in Charlotte that knows how to pour a Guinness and for that alone it earns 5 stars.  Trust me, it's not as easy as it sounds and SO many places screw it up.  There's a process, it has to settle, you need a rich creamy head on top.  Most bartenders in CLT pour the suckers in 30 seconds or less and the difference in taste is huge.The bar is comfortable and the patrons are an interesting mix.  If you want a proper Guinness then this is the place.
5	The bar scene here is a lot of fun, and the food is really quite good! Love the pizzas, especially pimento cheese pizza. Nice drink specials as well.
5	Fish & Chips were very good! Tender and flacks inside and crisp batter outside.  Excellent wait staff, on top if everything! Sat outside and watched football game with locals. Good people! Had extra out door area for games: Darts, Bean Bag Toss, Frisbee toss, Giant Jenga Wood Blocks.
5	Chill spot for getting some drinks at a good price. Good outside area and small dance floor upstairs. I haven't tried the food yet.
4	Tyber Creek is a place I frequently visit during the week, weekend etc. We always end up going to Tyber Creek for drinks. I usually go during the week and it's never overly crowded, which I like. I'm sure going on the weekend it would be more crowded.  I like the outside seating and they have standard bar games outside (cornhole, jenga). There's also an upstairs with a bar and additional tables and TVs. I've only ever had two items off the food menu, but both were pretty good! I had a standard burger and the spinach and artichoke dip. I really liked the dip, especially the bread/crackers that it comes with! Living close also makes it a go to spot for me!
4	This is the only place I will get the best poured Guinness! Love the staff because they are always welcoming. Go a few times and they know exactly who you are and what you drink of choice is (except on the days where you like to add a shot to it).I love going there early in the afternoon or when they are later into their evening to see all the coo coos. Finally tried some appetizers last time I went. Delicious!Wings were cooked to order on the first try (that means a whole lot),Steak skewers (hubby had) were cooked just enough & very juicy. I also adore the fact that no matter what you will always find a group to chat with.
