4	This is Wynn's upscale Chinese restaurant. It's named after Mr. Wynn, in some fashion or other.Wing Lei offers some familiar dishes, and some not so familiar. A page focusing on Cantonese specialties includes such ingredients as beef tendon, belly pork, jelly fish, fish maw, and goose web. Prices range from moderate (many entrees are around $30) to immoderate (Australian Coral Cod runs $99/pound).The atmosphere is formal. Red and gold abounds. The carpet is a mix of cream, gray, black, and light blue. Moderately soft music (sometimes Chinese, sometimes not) plays in the background. The view outside is of two gnarled (pomegranate?) trees and a large sculpture that might be a Botero. On my table was a single red rose in an igloo-like base. Chop sticks and flatware are gold.I began with the Wing Lei Sampler. Prawns with black bean sauce consisted of two large shrimp, barely cooked through, with a mild sauce; pretty good. Minced squab in lettuce cups was just that: minced squab and mushrooms with a small amount of sauce that must have included Hoisin sauce. A thin vegetable spring roll was crisp and very good. Overall, a good appetizer, albeit not very adventurous.The adventurous part would be my entree. I decided to try something a little different. Braised Pork Belly is the same cut of pork used in bacon. Served in chunks about 1.5 inches square and a quarter inch thick, it was braised in some sort of flavorful liquid, and had the appearance of warm raw bacon, somewhat darkened by the sauce. Ah, but looks can be deceiving. It was quite flavorful, and just chewy enough to be pleasing. Accompanying it were slices of shiitake mushroom and chunks of daikon and bamboo shoot. A very interesting, very good dish. If you're a little adventurous, and can get past the thought of chewing hunks of bacon fat, I'd recommend it highly.Dessert would be more familiar. Chocolate Dome was well named. Dark chocolate ganache covered a hemispherical chocolate nut center - similar to mousse, but thicker. A little creme anglaise and chocolate sauce covered the plate. Very good, but then I'm a chocoholic.With dessert, a little tea. Wing Lei offers a menu of teas that are lovingly described. Now, my knowledge of tea ends with green-versus-black, but it was fun to read the descriptions, and try to figure out what each tea would be like. I finally settled on Ti Kuan Yin, the "Ultimate Oolong. Picked by trained monkeys." It had a pleasant aroma, good, light flavor, and none of the bitterness I associate with tea (but then, when I make tea, I get out my box of 3 year old tea bags, and stick the bag in a cup of boiling water until I remember to remove it). Now about those trained monkeys: I have a feeling there might have been a slight problem in the translation to English. As I understand it "monkey picked" is the term, and it refers to a top quality grade.Based on conflicting reviews on the web, I hadn't been sure what to expect. I read one intriguing review which stated that some of the specialties were excellent, while some of the standard Chinese choices were no better than you'd get at a carry out. All I know for sure is that my meal at Wing Lei was very satisfying.
5	This was, in all respects, a spectacular dining experience, one of the top two I've had in Vegas (the other being Craftsteak at the MGM Grand).The room is typically over-the-top Vegas, but beautiful - festooned in gold, plush chairs, and gorgeous table accoutrements.The service is first-rate - the waiter was attentive, all while staying in the background, and you could hardly take a sip of water without someone running over to refill your glass.And the food was perfect.  My guest and I enjoyed a perfectly prepared moo shu pork, a mind-blowing whole deep-friend Dungeness crab, and a ridiculous lobster in Szechuan (sp?) sauce.  Sure, I made myself a greasy mess from picking apart crab for a half hour, but it was so worth it.  To top it off, the pineapple cake I had for dessert was perfect, and the espresso was as good as any I've had at an Italian cafe.The wine list was top-flight, offering a strong and diverse selection, with reasonably-priced options.Of course, it was expensive - but everything in Vegas is expensive!
4	Quality Chinese cuisine for the area. What really carries these stars is the dessert we had: refreshing coconut ice cream dropped in the warm mango puree/sago--simply divine.
3	My brother and I ate here in January - he is a vegan and there is a shortage of restaurants in Las Vegas that have any idea what that is. Well, Wing Lei's menu wasn't much help - but he did manage to find a few suitable items. The room decor is nice, the food pretty good but they don't give you much for the price, the service mediocre. Honesty, I thought Red 8 was the better Chinese restaurant at Wynn. Though there was nothing actually bad about the place, to me Wing Lei offered nothing worth the very high prices - though maybe I am spoiled by the Chinese restaurants in San Francisco, where I spend much of my time.Fin at Mirage is a better choice if you are looking for upscale Chinese food.
3	We made reservations at Wing Lei since it was a convenient location after seeing Spamalot at the Wynn. It sounded impressive, what with it being the only Chinese restaurant in North America to have a Michelin star, plus the Peking Duck Five Course menu sounded delicious. Things got off to a bad start when we had to wait well past our reservation time, but the manager did comp our first round of drinks as a result. When we were finally seated, we did enjoy the decor of the room, but we were really hungry after having being kept waiting, and we weren't offered appetizers or amuses or anything to hold us over. My husband was especially "hangry."Two of us opted for the Peking Duck Five Course menu, and two of us opted for the Chef's Signature Dinner. Two of us got the suggested wine pairings (which was questionable to begin with, since I don't think wine generally goes with Chinese food, but due to the so-called "French influence" they claimed on the menu, I thought maybe they could pull it off. Not so much.).  I think for all of us, the first course was our favorite. I had the duck menu, so my first course was classic Peking roasted duck served with mandarin pancakes - you can't go wrong with that dish. Things went downhill from there, though. My second dish was a duck salad, which was quite delicious, but our server didn't bring the wine pairing until about 10 minutes later. The next course was a duck soup, and they forgot to bring the wine, period. When they finally brought it, it was the wrong wine, and it took yet another long wait to finally get the right one. The fourth and fifth courses were served together, and while they were not bad at all, they were basically just slopped together on the plate like a Panda Express combo bowl. For a restaurant of this caliber, I expect much classier presentation, and frankly, more subtle and refined dishes. I should have known better, having just returned from Taiwan, where I was treated to wedding banquet food extraordinaire that was picture perfect each and every time. I think I'll have to refrain from "fine dining" Chinese from now on, as there is no way it is going to meet my expectations. We really felt cheated after our meal. The food was good, but the service was not up to par, and the overall experience was definitely not worth what we paid.
3	Wynn Hotel's Wing LeiReally wanted to like itAlas just O.K.
1	Wing Lei?  What a joke.  The funny thing is I agree with Randal R about Red 8.  Red 8 is a better restaurant than Wing Lei.  And Red 8 is about 2x-3x cheaper.....and trust me, Red 8 is not known to be a "great" restaurant....just a quick stop to get a couple asian dishes, have a few beers, and then go out.Wing Lei is no different from the typical Chinese restaurant anywhere in the country.  Look, if I want to get mediocre Chinese food, there's one on every block in the Bay Area.  I suppose they wanted to have a "upper-end" Chinese restaurant in Vegas, so they got the hype machine working.  Wynn, the whole asian thing, Michelin ratings, etc, etc.  I hate to compare any Chinese establishment to Panda Express, but honestly, Wing Lei is near that level.  Ok, ok, maybe I have a more dour opinion on the place because it's 4-5x more expensive than your average Chinese restaurant...I know, I know, it's Vegas.  But honestly, the food is mediocre!  Look, I so wished this place kicked ass.....I wish there was some fantastic, spectacular Chinese restaurant in Vegas that absolutely blew all the other Chinese restaurants away.  I wish the cuisine was so divine, that I could sit back and say to myself, "wow, now THAT's the difference between a great Chinese restaurant and a spectacular one....I always wanted to see what that would taste like, and now I know".  Well, I'm still on the hunt.  And excuse me while I take my $ elsewhere.....
4	The hubby LOVED their Peking Duck.
4	Had the buffet and dim sum...Food was very tasty and not greasyService was near perfect
1	First off this place is over rated!! I must agree with Whoa C 100% I went here thinking that the Wynn hotel was new and nice. I wish it offered a better restaurant then this one. I won some money and wanted to take my girlfriend somewhere fancy with good food. I regret going here!! It was around $200 total for just BASIC Chinese food.
2	First of all, not worth it at all ESPECIALLY ordering the chef's signature tasting menu which cost about 100 a pop. To start, we received a beautiful cut of hamachi sashimi with ponzu sauce and jalapenos on a bed seaweed. Now, I like starting off my meal with sashimi but at a chinese restaurant? They say they are french influenced but sashimi with ponzu sauce still doesn't make sense! However, I admit the sashimi was delicious although they put on a bit too much ponzu sauce.Second, I received two pan-fried duck rolls which were the highlight of the entire night. They basically just took their peking duck and peking duck pancakes and rolled up the duck with cilantro and shallots. The cilantro was delicious inside and a very nice flavor but again, wheres the Chinese or even French influence?! the plating was minimal, simply the two duck rolls with a sweet thick sauce resembling a hosin sauce drizzled on top.Third, I got a grouper wrapped a few times in a paper made from rice. It was good but had a very thick sauce accompanying it that you just couldn't get rid off.Fourth was a pallet cleanser of lychee sorbet. Just a spoonful of sorbet on a plate with a mint leaf. This really had me asking why i just laid down $100 for this dinner. After finishing this in about 3 bites, i received the worst course ever.Fifth was simply awful and suddenly reminded me of denny's and panda express combined. I received a korabuta pork chop which should've delicious but was terribly overcooked and almost completely dry inside. The whole thing was drenched in a terribly sweet and thick sweet and sour sauce which reminded me exactly of panda's orange chicken sauce. On the side was some bok choy and grilled pineapple...I really considered sending this back but figured I'd only eat a little bit and go out to get some decent food afterward.Last was dessert which was a random assortment of awful desserts. The only decent was was an awkwardly small dish of coconut pudding on a huge plate to fit the assortment of desserts. Next to it was a spoonful of standard mango sorbet. There were some sour berries to the side and finally a large cup/bowl of rice pudding covered with a layer of guava jam and topped with diced kiwi, cantaloupe, and pineapple (random, I know). The rice pudding was bad, the guava terribly sweet and the fruit on top wasn't ripe so it left a very sour taste in my mouth.All in all, if i had received the first 3 courses twice, I wouldve given this place 4 stars  so I recommend if you are in vegas save your money and go to Joel Robuchon in the MGM and not the Latellier directly next to it. They recently started 2,3,4, and 6 course tasting menus that include the famous bread and homemade dessert carts starting from 100 to about 160, definitely worth it and of course they menu de degustacion for about 350 or so.
5	We had appetizer sampler, three cup black cod, the "diver's scallop", lemon chicken.  The cod sauce was "to die for" and the scallops were so tender and succulent!  The drinks were well poured.  Overall, 5 stars and that's because the overall food quality and spicing was excellent and spot-on.  AND the cod and scallops were phantastic [sic]!
3	THE ONLY REASON WING LEI IS GETTING 3 STARS is because of their decor.  It is a beautiful restaurant but the food was not up to par, and was way too expensive for the quality and flavor of the food.We've been there twice, and both times had the same reaction.  We had the spring rolls to start which consisted mainly of cabbage and some shredded carrots - the sweet and sour sauce wasn't even that tasty to make up for the bland rolls.  Granted they were veggie, but there weren't even any mushrooms or anything to give it texture.The Hot and sour soup was hot, but not so sour and again not many ingredients.We ordered the General Tso's Chicken and although the sauce was okay the chicken had a texture like they had infused water into it...It looked like breast meat but had a fatty texture...gross!  We had this same problem the first time we came and ordered the Lemon Chicken.The best item was the honey prawn's with walnuts, which was delicious, had huge prawns and good quality, could easily feed 3-4 people.We felt as if we were being watched by the 5-7 staff members lingering on the side waiting to take our plates.  If you stopped eating for a second or looked up they were there!! So uncomfortable!  I've been to many fine five-star rated restaurants and have never had this experience of lurking staff.My suggestion... Go for the ambiance, and order the honey prawns, then go to Red 8 to curb your Chinese food craving.
2	The nays have it.  Me and my dad split the all-duck pre fix meal and I had trouble containing my disappointment.  It was fine, but not worth the $80 or $90 per person they were charging.  If you go at a certain time of day (before 6, I think), the duck meal is often $20 off per person, and that might be worth it, but don't be late if you don't want to get gouged.  You can go to the little old Lemongrass Cafe in Henderson and get seven courses of beef that'll stuff two people and blow your mind for about $20 total, and you can get a whole roast duck anywhere in Chinatown for $10-$15, so you have to be in a pretty decadent mood to want to eat food that's merely on par at Wing Lei.   My girlfriend had the shrimp dish with asparagus and hated it.  I kind of liked it because it had a weird bitter herb flavor.  My dad got the wine pairing to go with his duck and was only thrilled with the Grenache.  Four small glasses of wine, $40.  No matter what your budget is, if you're in Vegas and you want Chinese food, you can do way better.
4	It's interesting because this place is a 2 michelin star Chinese restaurant. I'm not usually a fan of high end Chinese food but we came here for a bday dinner and since they were serving a really good special right now. They have a peking duck tasting served 5 ways for $69. It is normally $88 but $38 wine pairing and ours included a glass of wine also. I went with the other dinner special which was a 3 course meal. i started off with shrimp toast, which was pretty good, and salmon dikon salad. It came with walnuts that tasted like the ones in honey walnut shrimp. The first course of the duck was a table side duck carving, and they prepare it wrapped already with the hoisin sauce and cucumbers. That was delicious. The meal was served family style even though we ordered seperate tasting menus, and I was surprised the portions were humongous for a upscale restaurant. (I guess I'm used to french food where the portions are elf size). They had a peking duck salad served in something like a gigantic won ton shell. The sauce on that salad was very good. Next, the duck came with noodles and chinese brocolli, and then sauteed with black bean sauce. I thought the flavoring was pretty good. I had the Chilean sea bass and it was very light and a large portion. My tasting menu also came with a cocktail and I had the lychee martini. I looked at the original menu and I was impressed that they served a lot of seafood sashimi style and then 3 different ways. You can get lobster, clam and shrimp all done that way. It's rare for me to see a restaurant that does lobster sashimi, although that's where the prices skyrocket at $85/lb. Shibuya at MGM serves it for $250. Dessert was a pineapple cake and mango tapioca with coconut ice cream. Both very chinese with a touch of classiness. Hmm all in all, I was not very impressed for a 2 michelin star place but for chinese food fine dining, I enjoyed it.
2	Maybe I'm from L.A. and know what good chinese food should taste like...maybe good chinese food places I know don't wow you with decor and cleanliness...maybe I just like my chinese food cheap and greasy.We had a rather large group so we had around 7 dishes or so.  Walnut Prawns were pretty good, strange to have such a large prawn used in this dish but was cooked well, it was fresh, however, needed a bit more flavor.  The hot pot cod was the highlight, soft, flavorful and great texture.  The duck crepe appetizer was a very good start as well.  After that everything was either bland, cold, or just seriously something you could get at a regular chinese restaurant.  For these prices you should be WOW'd (at least taken on some culinary adventure, not just a two dish tour) by more than just fancy architeture...IN ADDITION, we ordered Hennessy Paradis shots and they tasted stale and not a $55 shot of cognac.
3	I'm afraid the genius of Wing Lei's tastes and textures was too subtle for my over-stimulated palette. Had the duck tasting menu and enjoyed a few of the dishes but didn't find any remarkable.
5	Alot of the reviews for Wing Lei categorize it as "overpriced Chinese food". But, what in Vegas isn't overpriced? I take it as a given that I am going to overpay in Vegas for just about everything.  I don't really care as long as its good.  The food and service at Wing Lei were fabulous.  I never knew General Tao's chicken or veggie spring rolls could be this good. The room itself is stunning and the drinks were fun and strong.  Perfect way to start a weekend in vegas.
4	After hearing that this was a two michelin starred restaurant, i wanted to try it out.  i was not disappointed.i tried 5 dishes - two apps, a soup, and two entrees.  overall some were off the chain and some were just good.  i had a leisurely meal and saw many other dishes go out, and they all looked good.  i'm looking forward to going back and having some of the same dishes and trying out some new ones.the ambiance is very relaxed and upscale.  the service was flawless and silent.  try the rib appetizer and the salt and pepper prawns.
2	A Chinese restaurant with Michelin stars?  I'm intrigued!  What is this going to be like?  Mind you, I consider Chinese to be one of the weaker far east cuisines (trailing Japanese, Vietnamese, Korean, and Thai) but I've had quite a bit of Chinese as well so I definitely don't mind eating it.  That said...this stuff tasted exactly like the Chinese food I get in Monterery Park.  And in fact, the mongolian beef actually tasted almost exactly like Panda Express' Beijing Beef.  The chow mein was actually not so good.  I like those chow mein dishes that consist of uneven, hand rolled noodles but this stuff was pretty standard.I don't know what to say, really.  It wasn't any different from the typical Chinese food I get, i.e. greasy, overly salty, completing lacking all subtlety.  The only thing that wasn't typical was the $188 bill for two.If you really want Chinese, a better plan would be to go to Noodles at the Bellagio and then take the money you save and go see Jersey Boys at the Palazzo.
5	Chinese food tastes just like leftover Thai you say? Well not this place. This was a great restaurant, beautiful decor and hella surprising entree tastes. SO surprising my date and I ended up liking each others dishes far more than our own!We started off with the sampler appetizer. Honestly I think samplers are like traps for me. Its like getting to taste so many different things with one meal I cant not order it! But the sampler was fantastic. Had some wraps and other tasty treats.Sadly after switching entrees I don't even remember what I ordered, but It tasted good!This was probably the best Chinese I have ever had. It kind of changed my whole perspective on Chinese food.
2	My husband and I ate here for a friend's 30th birthday... I'm Chinese, so I know good Chinese food. This? Was OK. Nothing I can't spend $10 per dish at a good takeout place. To top off the way overpriced and small-portioned food:- My husband's Mai Tai had a hair in it!!! - My "virgin" lychee mojito was essentially sprite with lime (they forgot the lychee, altogether)Michelin star, my ass. Although we were all impressed their their gold plated chopstick tips and fancy chairs :-) That's the only reason for the 2 stars.
4	Great drinks, food, and service, but the atmosphere is a bit odd.It's one big, ornate room with lots of tables, but it seems more like an extravagantly-decorated hotel conference room than a restaurant.  I bit overstated/indulgent on the decor for my tastes, but still nice.  I liked the chopsticks on the table, as they had heavy gold ends and had a great weight to them.For food:Had the vegetable springrolls to start, and they were average.  There was nothing separating these from the spring rolls you'd get at any other chinese restaurant, except these were more than 2x more expensive.Hot and Sour soup was also forgettable/unremarkable, and had the same consistency I am used to from hot and sour in Chinatown.For entrees, we got the Mongolian Beef and the Kung Pao Chicken.  The beef was seasoned very well, was tender (not chewy or rubbery), and had a very hearty and aromatic garlic soy reduction glaze.  It wasn't as good the next day eating leftovers, and everything took on a very sticky, mushy consistency, but hot-out-of-the-kitchen, it was delicious.The chicken was of very high quality, and was tossed ith peanuts, bell pepper, scallions and garlic in a ginger chili sauce.  Again, the sauce and the well-preparedness of the meat really made the dish.  The spiciness of the sauce was not one-note as you sometimes find in Kung Pao sauces, but had layers and depth.  It didn't just scorch your palete with a blast of peppery damage like some Kung Paos do.  It was rather well-composed.The drinks were tasty, albeit a bit weak (though one weak-cocktail is enough for me).  I had a delicious cocktail made with some thai-milky-tea, and it came garnished with thai basil and a bamboo stick.  It was delicious and I would orer it again.Overall:I would venture to say that the apps are overpriced and nothing special, so I don't consider them a good value.  The entrees, though a bit pricey, were well-cooked and had delicious glazes/sauces, and they were above-par for chinese food I've had.  The service is impeccible, and the decor, while not really my taste, did create an upscale-chinese look/feel.I would go back, yes, but probably not until I've tried the other fine dining options at the Wynn first.
5	We went here last week to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. We had the Imperial duck tasting menu offered at $69. I believe the deal is every day, between 5:30 and the last seating at that price is at 6:45. The regular price is $88 per person. I would have gotten it at either price.Food: 1st course- hand carved duck with scallions and cucumber, hoisin sauce in a home made pancake. The duck was delicious, just the right amount of fat on the skin! The meat was very tender. The hoisin sauce was definitely home-made and prepared with our pancakes. There were some on the side for dipping, but it wasn't really necessary. The pancakes were thin, like crepes. 2nd course- mixed greens with almonds, duck, mandarin slices with a peanut dressing. This is probably one of the best salads I have ever had. You cannot go wrong with the best ingredients. Loved the marcona almonds. The salad was presented in a deep fried wonton bowl. The dressing was light and dressed well.3rd course- duck soup. The broth was clear and seasoned well, not salty like soup from other places. The meat was prepared with shitake mushrooms and veggies in wonton wrappers. The texture of the wontons was wonderful paired with mushrooms. The flavor of the mushrooms just burst in your mouth.4th and 5th - wok fried duck with veggies and pan-seared duck noodles. The noodles were very fresh, as were the veggies. If you like mushrooms, you will love these dishes.Dessert- upscale kit kat bar with mango tapioca (cold soup). The "kit kat bar" was round and dressed in some amazing dark chocolate topped with gold leaf. I could have had a whole bowl of that cold tapioca soup. The waiter brought out a special dessert plate for my boyfriend on top of the dessert was included with the meal. He got mandarin oranges in syrup and some creamy tart. I did not try them so I cannot comment on the taste.Service: This service was definitely on par with a restaurant of this caliber. The waiter and wait staff seemed to know what I wanted when I wanted. The restaurant had plenty of patrons, but we felt like we were the only guests there. I normally don't like to pay this much for Chinese food, but we were celebrating a special occasional and I was curious since they are Michelin rated. I will definitely go back and try the rest of the menu.On a side note, they need to work on making a proper mojito. My boyfriend said his lacked sugar and lime. In fact, there was no lime in the glass. It tasted like mint water...
3	Good high end Chinese restaurant on the overpriced side. I have eaten at several "gourmet" chinese restaurants over the years and have found the others to be better priced, with more imaginative dishes and better, but still enjoyed it.  Started off with good spring rolls ($ 12), spicy mongolian beef (good), and a 3 something chicken that was also good. Had vegetable fried rice and string beans.  I wish I could describe what was in the above but certainly not memorable so ...But what was memorable was their special sauce they created for us. Advising them that we loved very spicy flavors, they brought out at oil and hot pepper sauce that burnt the mouth and lips-it was great! Would not necessarily recommend the restaurant as it had a limited menu (I love variety in chicken and beef and vegetables), prices were not justified for the dishes but overall enjoyed it.
5	I was very excited about coming here as this is the premier fine dining Chinese restaurant in Vegas. First off, the restaurant is beautiful and exudes elegance. The wait staff was finely tuned and served us as royalty would be. The food was amazing as well. We had a octopus starter which was very tasty and I experienced just about every texture that you could experience with that one dish. I had the Peking duck entree which was pretty much as good as it gets. It of course came with all the fixings and was carved table side. The cocktails were also very delicious. Wing Lei is definitely a more sophisticated dining experience. The service is so memorable but yet I can't remember actually ever talking to the waiters. Yes there was at least 5 at any given time at our table. It was definitely an a type of service that some people would feel uncomfortable with but I loved every second of it. If you asked them to wipe your mouth for you I'm sure they would.
5	I was lucky enough to come here for a business dinner where.... well, money didn't really matter.  We had a customized dinner that was just... extravagant and amazing.  I got a chance to really taste the food the chefs at Wing Lei are capable off.  We were seated at the private dining room at the end of the restaurant.  It's an amazing dining space.  Beautiful decor and you can hear each other, even across the huge round table.To start, we were served 6 dishes of cold plates and appetizers.  Braised pig's ear, beef shanks, jellyfish, abalone, tofu skin, and several others all prepared in ways that reflect different Chinese cuisine, from Shanghai to Szechuan.  When the soup arrived, I was just blown away.  The servers walked in with individual coconut bowls and in it was Shark Fin Chicken Soup.  It was crazy since they used shark fin like it was vermicelli noodles or something.  The whole soup was just the pure essence of chicken soup with an incredible amount of shark fin.Next the main dishes came out and each dish was done extremely well: Braised Kobe Beef, Ginger Chicken, Bok Choy, Garlic & Sprouts, Braised eggplant, Pan-fried Golden Prawns, Steamed Whole Black Cod, Stir-fry Minced Pork, Fried Geoduck, and Fried Rice with an assortment of Chinese sausages, bbq items for you to add.  The Kobe beef was the best since it was done so well and it seriously felt like it would just melt in your mouth.  The black pepper sauce goes so well with the peppers and the beef.  I just wish they gave us more haha.The fried rice is an interesting way of serving it since you can add whatever kind of meat to your rice.  Also when you do black cod right, it is one of the best fish ever, and the chefs at Wing Lei did an amazing job.The meal ended with a fruit platter.  Its got the usual like watermelon, stawberries, and pineapple, but it also had FRESH lychee!  You usually can't find fresh lychee but damn it was good.The bill?  $700... PER PERSON.  Needless to say... that is the most expensive meal I'll probably ever eat in my entire life and thank goodness we were treated by a partner.  Just the shark fin soup itself was $200.  Craziness.The wait staff is attentive and even picked out a red wine that goes well with our menu.  Usually it is hard to find a wine to go well with Chinese food but they've done it.  There's a full bar in the restaurant with Chinese beer that you can't find at the other parts of Wynn, as well as special cocktails.  Overall, the meal was amazing and I can definitely see why it was Michelin rated in 2009.  The chefs here do an amazing job and it really does reflect Chef Yu's mastery in blending Cantonese, Shanghai, and Szechuan cuisine.  I took a look at the menu and definitely wouldn't mind coming back and trying out the Peking Duck Tasting myself next time.
4	I am not a huge an of Chinese food, but enjoyed the meal at Wing Lei.  Very pricey though and you have to call ahead of time to get a table.  I wasn't the one who did the ordering for the table, but shrimp dish was very tasty. Great service also.
5	This place definitely deserves its 2 Michelin stars. We went around 6 and the place was still fairly empty- i think this was a good move as it filled up rather quickly by 6:45. Service was exceptionally attentive. Our fish and beef tenderloin were both cooked perfectly. Three course meal of this quality in the Wynn for only $50 is a killer deal.
5	Delicious! After 6 nights of steak and seafood, we decided we needed a change. I caved in to my husband's wish to try Wing Lei even though I thought I was over Chinese food since I haven't had any that I really liked in years. Lord have mercy, if all Chinese food tasted like this I would have it every day. Be warned, this is not your local take-out place. It is a fabulous and fancy restaurant with prices to match. Although I am not sure why anyone would expect it to be anything less than expensive being a Wynn restaurant. It was worth every penny and there are no complaints from me. The restaurant was lovely. The waiter, his assistants, and the sommelier were amazing and provided stellar service. You probably shouldn't wear your shorts and sandals, but you definitely don't need to be in a jacket. I had Three Cup Chicken, my husband had Garlic Beef Tenderloin, and we shared an order of Sichuan Green Beans. Although spicy, they were the best green beans I have ever had in my life - without exaggeration. And both of our meals were packed with flavor, to the point we were both making happy noises with our mouths after each bite. (how annoying for those around us!) I look forward to eating here again next time we are in LV.
3	Not your average low-priced Chinese watery, so be prepared to pay up. Our non-wine-paired meal for 4 people came out to about $35-45 per head. Wing Lei is modeled after top-end Chinese restaurants you will find only in Hong Kong, like at the Grand Hyatt or Mandarin hotels there, and a step above The China Club or Peking Garden. Those that aren't familiar with these places may be put back by the prices and presentation, but this is supposed to be a Hong Kong restaurant, not a Chinese restaurant (if you really have to get into semantics).No shorts or tank tops here, but nice casual. The atmosphere is upscale, as is the service, and i later realized this is the key eatery for high rollers from Hong Kong and Taiwan.The Peking duck salad and fried potsticker appetizers were top shelf. They were so good we asked for another round before the main dishes arrived.But........ that's when it all went downhill. The main course dishes were nice attempts, but fell far behind expectations. The 'Yung chow" fried rice, which is a Hong Kong staple, and which is almost impossible to screw up, was dismal. My mom said it was a "Chinese dish, but in Japanese portion", meaning it was small, barely enough to feed a single person. Also, the rice was non-stick grain, which I can appreciate as an option for those that like non-stick rice, but the authentic dish has never veered from sticky rice.The black-peppered beef..... tasted more English than Chinese. Hong Kong is a particular style of black-peppered dish, similar to 'au poivre', but has a blend of bernaise to bring out the flavor. The one here was.... actually hard to finish... it actually tasted like rehydrated beef jerky.The 3 cup chicken, was ok. Interesting. Tasty, but had a soapy-like taste which is normally caused by too much or poorly-prepared ginger. But it wasn't bad, and I wouldnt' pass on it if I were offered it again, but I wouldn't be the one ordering it.The spicy shrimp was good. It had a nice garlicky, chili-saucy base, which was probably the only main-course dish that had close resemblence to what this restaurant was trying to achieve.The desert...... was clearly the blueprint for what you call a map of short-cuts. $10 for two mochi-mango ice-creams sliced in half? It costs $3 for a box of 10 at Trader Joe's! At least try to make it stand out with sauces or something..... but NO...... stupid people won't know the difference (NOT!).Wing lei's donut with vanilla sauce was actually tasty...... but nothing special. The coconut ice-cream was good, and definately something I would order again in the future......... but then comes the all-important $63 question... would I come here again?No. I wouldn't turn it down if it was part of a larger group of invites, but I will never come back here again if I have to take charge.... UNLESS it is just for the appetizers at the bar. You're much better off eating at Red 8, which is only about 200 feet away near the main casino.
3	This place was fancy.. but I don't think it was worth the price tag.  We ordered the duck prefix and although the salad course was neat, I didn't think it was much better than the peking duck entrees served at regular Chinese restaurants.  However, I may give it a 4 star rating for the delicious mango tapioca dessert... MmMm good.Ladies, this one is only good if you have someone else pick up the bill.
5	very expensive but worth every penny for spot on service and food.
4	Great Chinese food restaurant but a Michelin star?  Not sure about that.  The space was beautiful, the service was excellent, but the food was 4 stars at best.
5	For starters, the chairs are so comfortable, you feel like you could sit there forever.  The food was amazing and we shared 5 things including the Peking Duck.  If I had it to do over, we would have ordered 5 ducks....it was that good.  A nice break from the glitz and steaks of the strip.
5	WIng Lei totally surprised us!!!  Hadn't read the best reviews, but this was by far one of the best meals we have had in our 14 Vegas trips.  Food was amazing and drinks pretty good- A must when staying at Wynn or Encore!
5	The most amazing chinese food i've ever had! We opted for the Peking Duck menu ($85 per person) but so worth it. I read a bunch of reviews and they all said this was the way to go. All 6 courses were better than the next. If your looking for an amazing cuiliary treat you have to dine here.
2	Brilliant food. I opted for the duck tasting menu with wine pairings. Excellent wine selections. Table service was a bit sluggish but passable. But as I was about to pay the bill and leave for the theatre a party of four was seated next to us. Looked like a family: I'd guess 2 grandparents, a father, and a son about 10 years of age. The kid had a couple of electronic toys that made lots of noise. At one point I couldn't hear the conversation at my own table. On my way out I drew this to the attention of the staff who apologized for the noise. I wonder why a classy place like this allows things to come to this. I don't want to listen to other people's hellions. An unpleasant end to an otherwise excellent meal.
4	Ate here with a couple of colleagues at a table next to Steve Wynn and Garth Brooks.   Was actually a good meal, paired with a good Bordeaux and a some chinese "white liquor" from N. China.The decor and objective is S. Chinese high dining - so the prices are much higher, and the food selection is more HK/GZ.  Kobe beef sautee tops the list at 320 USD per plate.  Presumably, it's actually kobe given the extraordinary price.Service was quick and attentive - our primary server was a well-heeled young lady from Tokyo named Ai.  Ordering chinese food in the US in Japanese was rather memorable and surreal.Our group ultimately got rather raucous as the liquor flowed, and good vibes were felt all around.I can't give it a 5, as the price point was a bit ridiculous for quality, if one were to compare it to its peers in HK - but the quality of cooking is actually very high and comparable to high end dining in HK.Decor, as expected is sumptuous red and white, with S Chinese accents.  Shockingly unexpected, I know.
3	A bit of background information- I ate at Wing Lei a couple months ago and ever since then, the restaurant is now headed by executive chef Ming Yu.  There was a slight change in staffing, one that I'm not particularly fond of.After being to several fine dining restaurants in Las Vegas and other parts of the countries, I've noticed that it's quite difficult to find a ridiculously stunning Chinese restaurant.  For example, there's a reason why you don't find French fast-food.  It's just not built that way.Anyways, me and a client of mine went to Wing Lei with reservations, and we ordered the carpaccio and the potstickers for appetizers.  They were fine- they tasted fine and not as bold in flavor as other Chinese restaurants, so I don't think they were worth the money that you pay for.As far as the main course goes, they were pretty good- even though the menu items are similar (if not the same) to other items you see at regular Chinese restaurants, you can tell the difference in taste.  Where the appetizers lack, the main course dishes compensate in terms of the strength in flavor.If you went to a Chinese restaurant off the strip with chefs who DIDN'T go to cooking school and learned recipes straight from the mainland, you'll notice a difference in taste because when a dish is spicy, it's SPICY, or when it's sweet, you taste the sugar.  At Wing Lei, it's a little toned down because it's catered to tourist, but you can still notice the small distinctions of the dishes, like the sauce used in their General Tsao chicken and shiitake mushrooms used in their braised tofu dish.I think that if you wanted a fancy Chinese restaurant with all the decor and all the service- this is certainly the place to take a date on.  This is NOT the place to take a large family with children.  As far as food goes, you can find other Chinese restaurants off-strip, or Pan-Asian cuisine that is loads better than Wing Lei.
5	This is the most amazing restaurant. I've eaten here 2 or 3 times since 2007 and wish I could go there every week, however there are so many other places I like to try. I HIGHLY recommend the duck 5-ways. YUM!
4	Came here for Thanks giving dinner with Family.Great setup, great service. Very very elegant and classy ambiance.Every restaurant in Wynn and Encore must have vegan menus according to Steve Wynn who is a vegan himself. I was soo excited since I"m a vegan now. Had 2 plates of vegan dishes, cocktails and 3 seafood, and couple more random chinese dishes.Great tasting food, esp the vegan, it was not even cooked in oil. Great presentation. Bill came out to me 500 or so for 4 people. Expensive chinese food but way worth it
1	I should have known better. I had read the Yelp reviews saying the food wasn't as good as what you could get at other "normal" Chinese restaurants. I was foolish, and had to see to believe it. I mean, this place used to be Michelin rated! It's at the Wynn, I would think Steve Wynn would want to appease all the Asian high rollers who flock to his casinos! So I went, with boyfriend, father and mother in tow.Well, it was a really, really lame way to blow close to $300.The order:LobsterPeking duck (served two ways)Some veggie dish3 cup sea bass (I forget if this is the actual name of the dish)4 bowls of white rice ($5 each bowl = $20 for friggin' white rice for crying out loud)None of the dishes were bad, quality wise everything was good (as in, normal Chinese restaurant good), and the Peking duck was outstanding. We just felt jipped. For the Peking duck, it was sooo tasty. Well, all 4 tiny slices that they give you. They then take the rest of the duck away. Where is the rest of the duck I just paid $80 for?  "It's being made into duck shu mai" the waitress said.Well -- they brought the shu mai out, and I highly DOUBT it was made with the duck we just ate. Very small pieces of duck in the shu mai, that tasted pre-made, overly salty and not very good. And there was practically a WHOLE peking duck leftover that they took away. Where is the rest of that glorious, glorious duck?? A lady at the table next to us was now chewing a Peking duck leg. I'm pretty sure that's where our duck went. SHADY!!!  (If you order duck at this place, I suggest asking that you just eat the duck as is with the bread, onions and hoisin sauce, and DON'T get the shu mai. See if they'll let you keep the whole duck! We should have asked for this!)So we felt pretty screwed. I mean the $20 for white rice was the nail in the coffin. We could have gotten a fried rice dish at least for less than that. Thanks for the heads up, idiot waiter!While most everything else at the Wynn is awesome, Wing Lei is a major fail.
5	It's the best Chinese Restaurant in Las Vegas and on the West Coast. Everything is pricey but it's delicious to the max. The restaurant looks great inside and if you want peace and quiet it's where you'd like to be. They don't serve desserts but with the generous portions there may be no room for one. Besides, it's Vegas where there are so many places to go for a yummy dessert.
4	For those of you looking for "normal" Chinese cuisine, go elsewhere, as you won't see a ton of dishes that you will find at other Chinese restaurants outside the fried rice and some other staple dishes.  You go to this restaurant to try things that you won't find at a normal Chinese restaurant that caters to non-Chinese.This place has two dishes I get every time I'm here, the shrimp toast and the Peking duck.  The shrimp toast is golden brown and crunchy, and you can actually taste the shrimp flavor and texture in it.  The Peking duck the bring out for your inspection, and then they carve part of it table side for you, which is fun to watch.  The then take it back to the kitchen to carve the rest up, before bringing it back out for you so don't worry.  It is both rich and flavorful and moist, and not a lot of fat on the duck as it should be.  And mostly importantly, the skin is CRISPY! I have been very happy with everything I've ordered the few times that I've been here, and would happily go back.
3	My boyfriend and I had reservations for our 4 year anniversary dinner here back in 12/10. Beautiful restaurant. We were able to sit by a window and look out into a well groomed and maintained garden outside. Not too loud inside.As for the food and drinks. Yes, very expensive. Worth it? Sure if you don't mind paying for hella expensive Chinese food that is SLIGHTLY better than good (in terms of taste) and you're out celebrating some momentous occasion. But I wouldn't eat here on a regular basis. I've definitely had SO much better Chinese out in the the Bay Area in CA for SOOO much cheaper. Here are my thoughts on the items we picked out that night. Drinks: Decent Sake selection--the boyfriend chose one it was heated. Very good. However, we didn't get to finish it and our server told us we couldn't take the rest home. He explained that they didn't have a liquor license for the unfinished remains to leave the restaurant unless it was in another glass? uh...this was weird considering that all the other fine dining restaurants I've been able to go to in Vegas had allowed us to bring our unfinished drinks outside...As for myself I got a glass of white wine which was nothing particularly special. Vegetable springs rolls: You can totally tell these were made with the freshest, best quality vegetables. The sauces were super fresh and tasty. Crab and Corn Egg drop soup: Great consistency, flavor a bit on the bland side. Enough crab meat was available in the soup.Vegetable Fried Rice: Used highest quality ingredients. Not very flavorful; possibly more on the bland side.The best dish of the night was their Peking Duck. The server assistants cuts it right next to you, and prepares the pieces into your steamed buns. Hoisen sauce was right amount of salt, sweet and tart. The buns were fresh and steaming. The scallions and cucumber were fresh. It was a bit hard to believe that the rest of the Peking Duck would be used for shui mai. The Peking Duck shui mai were meaty and juicy, but I think I would have preferred having the whole Peiking duck instead of putting it in two courses. Really nice place, pretty decent food. Prices are a bit questionable...
5	I thought this was another Americanized place just like Mr. Chow which would still be good.  We were watching Le Reve at Wynn and figured it would be easier to eat there.  As always, Chinese food is preferred by my uncle (he is visiting and I am taking him around).  So I told him we would be going here.Everybody LOVED the food there.  It was not just authentic, but also well-made.  I used to say there is no such a thing as gourmet Chinese food.  I take it back now.  There is!  You just have to be willing to pay for it!  They had two menus.  The big one is for westerners and the small one is for real Chinese food.  Of course we ordered from the small one.  We had the soup of the day, chicken with ginger in clay pot, Dongpo Pork, steamed red snapper (or some sort of red fish) and stir-fried big snow pea sprouts.  Everything was absolutely delicious (the chicken was probably the only one we didn't love but still liked).  I don't think I even ever had any Cantonese or Shanghai? food that good in China. The Dongpo Pork was a braised/stewed pork belly dish.  It looked really fatty but it didn't taste that way at all.  It was really tender and had a sweet flavor.  The fish was steamed to perfection.I honestly don't know why the rating here is so low.  I specialize in Chinese food and this place was just undoubtedly amazing.  I think the price might have something to do with it. For four people, the bill was $420 incl. tips and we didn't even have wine but three beers (I don't drink).  Rice was $4/bowl...I also think those people who didn't like this place because they ordered off the big menu too.Anyway, if you are planning an extravagant trip to Vegas and would like some really good Chinese food, this is the place.  I won't do it myself, but as long as someone else is paying for it, I am all cool.
1	Unbelievably bad service. It took forever everything. We spent most the time trying to flag down a waiter. We were brought the wrong menus, dishes .The place seems very disorganised
2	On my girlfriends first trip to Vegas we thought we needed to hit up a higher end restaurant.  We're middle class people, but I feel that I've ate at my fair share of nice restaurants.  I was disappointed with this place.The decor was impressive at first.  However, once we sat down I noticed that the table settings we worn along with the wall decorations.  Also the seating was Chicago style where you are about 1.5 feet from the couple next to you.  I hate that soooo much.I'll admit I played it safe and ordered something I knew.  It tasted just like it did in the midwest.  Which is highly disappointing.  I went here for something special.  Instead I got something that tasted like my favorite take out back home.  Only the price was inflated 5 fold.  Each of us had a drink, entree, rice, and shared a dessert, $150, after tip.The staff was wonderful and friendly.  The chef even came out a couple times while we were there.  It simply was just average food.  Maybe one of the prefix tasting menus would of been a better experience.  However, the regular menu was just that, regular.
2	My personal opinion:I can best describe my dining experience at Wing Lei as disappointing. We were so excited to try Wing Lei. My husband and I have heard such wonderful things about the food and the service.  Neither lived up to the hype. My husband ordered the Sweet and Sour Chicken, (the menu has sweet and sour pork but he was told they could sub chicken) he said it is best described as mediocre. He rated it in comparison to other sweet and sour chicken and said that Pei Wei and P.F. Changs is 'way' better. I ordered the Vegan Chicken... it was HORRIBLE. It was fake chicken but it tasted so much like chicken that as a 10 year vegetarian, it made me sick. It was disgusting. There was little flavor, the portion was tiny as well. I also ordered their fried rice as a side which is supposed to be big enough to share...it isn't. The fried rice is easily the blandest fried rice I have ever had in my life. The texture is strange and not at all enjoyable.The service was also not good at all. The server had to be flagged down several times and at one point the service became insulting when the guy that fills that water came around my husband asked him for a refill on his coke and the guy said that the server will do it. Seriously guy...just take the glass in the back and put it against the machine.For all of the cost of the food, the quality is not there, the portion size is really small (we were still hungry when we left) and it wasn't very good. For the small size and price it should at least include a side.Another negative point was that they charge $4 a coke and there are no free refills. They tried charging my husband $12 for 3 cokes. They are not even in large glasses. SERIOUSLY! That is absurd and does nothing but piss off your customers. I get a free refill EVERYWHERE else... stop pissing people off. The ONLY reason I am not giving this place one star is because the atmosphere is beautiful. It really is so pretty inside the restaurant. Other than that...go somewhere else.
3	i'd say its OK... i've had better.. and i dont think its worth the money.... who pays 400 bucks for a chinese dinner??! service is good compared to other places in vegas.... but for that much! why shouldnt it be? If you are getting this dinner comped by your host, then go for it.. if not.. i dont think its worth the money...
2	I do not understand the hype about this place at all. It is mediocre with a capital M. The vegetable dim sum was fine; the duck better than fine. The chicken wonton soup tasted rubbery and the whole place struck me as overpriced chinese food.The thai-basil cocktail, however, was excellent. Wing Lei should just become a bar. The service was very good. Our waiter was on top of everything and my water glass never went below half full.
2	My husband and I tried the 2 six dish tasting menus (the signature tasting menu and the Peking duck tasting menu). Doing the tasting hopefully gets us a wide variety of dishes to sample as well as trying what the restaurant is most proud of. The first two courses of each were excellent - vegetable dim sum and a tofu and crab cake and Peking duck on traditional buns and a duck salad with truffle vinaigrette. However, after that the quality went down hill dramatically. The duck menu had a greasy lo mein main dish that was no higher quality than any lo mein you get at your local restaurant and one dessert was just chocolate mousse (at a Michelin star Asian restaurant?!). The service in general was good but as the meal went on and the restaurant became more busy they became less and less attentive. The general atmosphere was nice, especially if you can get a table by the garden, however of the 4 chairs at our table, 2 had pieces missing and creaked uneasily. I would rate the place higher if it weren't so expensive. If you're spending that much money go to a place with better overall food.
5	Best Chinese food I'd ever eaten.Delicious!  Loved the Lychee mojito.
5	It seems like the bad reviews for this place were mainly because of the pricing of the menu. The reviews with 1-2 stars seem to say that Chinese food shouldn't be expensive. It makes me sad that people have categorized Chinese food into cheap eats and that the general impression of Chinese food is that it should not be expensive. Maybe the countless Chinese take-away places popping up all over America have helped reinforced this stereotype.First of all, in terms of the price and atmosphere at Wing Lei, it is no different than if you dined at a very nice Chinese restaurant in Singapore, Hong Kong, and Malaysia. In fact, it is very common to have Chinese restaurants like these and in this price range (and sometimes even more expensive) in Asia. Chinese food does not only belong to the cheap take-away food category. If there can be an expensive steak house, the same is said for a very good Chinese restaurant. Wing Lei reminded us alot of the very good Chinese restaurants we've been to in several parts of Asia and we were impressed as to how close Wing Lei tries to execute their concept.We had the 6-course peking duck tasting menu and loved every bit of it. We also thought that for $88 per person it was quite a good deal. In fact, we imagined that doing this same tasting menu in an equally fancy restaurant in Singapore or Hong Kong would have cost us more. We had the duck meat and skin served on an incredibly soft bun, duck salad, duck wonton with broth, stir-fried duck with veg, egg noodles with duck, and mango sorbet for dessert. The amount of food was definitely more than substantial and we were already very full before dessert. The service was also good, friendly, and professional. We asked if they had Thai birds eye chilli (we love our food spicy!) and the server said they would ask the kitchen to chop some of the fresh chillis for us. Overall we were impressed with Wing Lei. It was definitely a well deserved Michelin star they received.
4	It's unfortunate that this quality restaurant suffers from being labeled "Chinese" and people automatically assume that it's like the myriad of other Chinese restaurants in the US - fat fast and fried. Which is not the case at all here. If you come in to eat here  then you sb aware that it is not cheap and expect to spend some time here. It's not fast food.I had the pleasure of spending a couple of hours here the other night and had a great time. My chicken soup (forget what its called exactly) and scallops entree were excellent. The spring rolls appetizers and dim sum were quite good as well. I really liked the fact that you can taste the ingredients that go into the dish as opposed to it being some nasty jumbled mess of breaded/fried chicken/pork stuff. The sea bass ordered at the table also received high praise. The service was attentive - wine glasses were never empty but the wait staff wasn't always breathing over your shoulder either.The decor definitely didn't strike me as Chinese themed but the garden by the giant window was super nice. All the tables are also very generously spaced so you're not forced to listen to the conversation of the table next to you. You actually have your own conversations. Wow what a concept.
2	Disappointed!!!! Decor was nice but the food and service fell short. I'm not sure how this place won any awards. Anyone can put out fancy plates and cutlery.I will pay good money for good food.  I'm not sure where my money went here. Spend your money elsewhere.Spoiler Alert: The "Garden" view is a joke!
3	$20 chow mein... TWENTY DOLLAR CHOW MEIN!!!!That's all I can say.. It was good chow mein.. but definitely not the best I've ever had. & it was vegetable.. so there are no 'high quality special meat' excuses. Friend had won big and was blowin the money..  Next time I'll take a taxi down to Chinatown and we can all chow down without refrain!
3	It's more like a 3.5, good food, good service, but again, I would be more comfortable and satisfied, at any one of my favorite casual asian restaurants, minus the big dent in my wallet.  Still a good restaurant to experience at least once.
5	Amazing food. Even had a Vegan menu too!
3	The only reason why I'm letting this place have 3 stars is because of the decor, which is very beautiful, however, I was extremely disappointed with the food and the service. When I came here a while back, nobody was in the restaurant, which should have been the first sign of not to go. I love chinese food and this was just not good quality food...so sad. Definitely spend your money elsewhere. I have no idea how it once acquired a michelin star
2	What a disappointment! I have very high standards when it comes to Chinese food since the ONLY place I will usually go is the Peking Gourmet Inn outside of DC, where the Peking Duck reigns supreme.  My husband and I decided to order the duck tasting menu. We were excited when they first rolled out the whole duck to the table, as it looked like what we would normally expect for Peking Duck.  But as they started to carve the duck our outlook changed greatly. They didn't separate the skin from the meat, leaving all the fat trapped in between. They then cut four pieces to be divided between two pancakes each, only to wheel away the remainder of the bird. We watched in horror as it went back into the kitchen. The duck itself was fatty and flavorless, the pancakes fell apart before you could get them into your mouth. The next course was duck salad, which while beautifully packaged was boring to taste and lacked flavor. It was wrapped in a wonton casing which while you could eat, but was also 100% flavorless. The third course was duck wonton soup - it had a great smoky flavor to the broth, but lacked any real duck meat. Finally, the last two courses, duck chow mein and wok fried duck were also flavorless which seemed to be the theme for the evening.The food felt as if it was "dumbed down" for a boring American audience. If this is the "best" Chinese in Vegas, they obviously don't know good Chinese food.
4	I researched this restaurant quite thoroughly before making reservations and was convinced it was a good choice.  Due to a canceled flight, we arrived 1.5 hrs late for our reservation, but the host was very accommodating and sat us, even though it was nearly 10pm.  The service was excellent, very attentive without being overbearing, and quick with requests.  If I was only rating the food, I would give it 3.5 stars.  We had the pot sticker appetizer, which was very good. We ordered the Peking duck for the main course.  The duck itself was excellent, but the accompaniments could be improved. The pancakes were too thick and not large enough to roll/fold  around the duck, which resulted in a slightly messy situation... the duck would fall out and the plum sauce drip. The second course of the duck, the lettuce cups, also needed to be larger to wrap around the duck.The dessert, a brownie, was very good but a tad too rich. The presentation was beautiful, though.  I would recommend this restaurant for someone looking for a solid Chinese food experience, but it is not "knock your socks off".  It is a bit pricey, but then again it is what the market will bear.
4	Review is only for their new year dim sum brunch - completely worth the $60! I've wanted to do Wing Lei's dim sum brunch buffet for years but was holding out for a comp. Finally gave in and just paid since I'm moving and now I regret not doing it sooner. I feel like I cheated myself out of a yearly treat - this is one of the few pricier buffets where I don't even question that it was worth it. Enjoyed it more than the $100 Sterling brunch (but no Perrier jouet or other booze included). The dining room is so understated and elegant, everything was beautiful and very calming. The tables were spaced far apart, but I hated the throne like chairs - so heavy and awkward to scoot in. Although since its fine dining, they probably push the chair in for you at a typical dinner service. No need to flag the carts down since they keep a good eye for new diners and empty plates. They were a little too pushy about having us try some of everything, but just say no. They seemed to have the usual assortment of steamed, fried or baked dim sum but everything was done with high quality ingredients and the flavors were amazing. My favs were the siu mai, crispy roast pork belly, scallop dumpling and baked char siu bao. They also had a sushi bar with a small selection of nigiri made to order and California rolls (surprisingly made w imitation crab vs real). Didn't try the carving station w rack of lamb, sampled some of the small cold dishes but only the beef carpaccio stood out as exceptional. The chilled seafood was kind of a big disappointment -they had king crab, raw oysters, shrimp, and split whole lobsters. Shrimp looked like the frozen stuff you get anywhere, the lobster was awkward to plate with legs and antenna all over the place and then it was pretty dry and tasteless. Crab sucked too. I wasn't really in the mood for seafood anyway, but it was disappointing. I was impressed with the hand stretched noodles for their soup, but the broth was tasteless even garnished with ground pork and other things. I'm not into congee but they had that too. Hot dishes were kind of a fail - most looked dried out and I don't think any were memorable on taste. They had Singapore noodles, lup cheong fried rice, Asian seabass (not Chilean), chili tomato prawns, country style duck, some kind of beef, and a couple things I can't remember. Dessert selection wasn't huge but they had some good options. Coconut pudding was my fav, other goodies were white chocolate mousse thing, chocolate ice cream, passion fruit mousse thing. I honestly don't know why I feel I got my moneys worth when a lot of the offerings were far from perfect. The amazing dim sum combined with the atmosphere and excellent service just did it for me I guess.I'm not sure on the dates they offer this brunch during the holidays, last day was 1/2, but they also have it every day for about a month during Chinese New Year in Feb.
5	Excellent Chinese! Expensive? Yes, but you are paying for the space, food, decor, and that fact its the only Chinese restaurant with a Michelin star. Peking Duck Salad was the best thing we ordered! So delicious and although low on the duck amount, the dressing was to die for. BBQ Pork Chow Mein was again another win. Pork that melts in your mouth--- yumm. Three Cup Chicken was just okay. Not a lot of food in this dish. Braised Eggplant was my favorite vegetarian dish I have had in a long time. Overall- excellent. Will be back!
4	We've been here a couple of times for the Peking Duck.  It's located in nice colorful space.  The service is efficient and friendly, but  not rushed.   The Peking Duck is highly recommended.
5	My husband and I ate dinner at Wing Lei in mid-March 2012. Our meal and dining experience was spectacular. We had the dumplings as an appetizer, grilled sea bass, lemon chicken and ja jiang noodles. My husband was skeptical ordering fish in Las Vegas, especially since we live on the ocean and eat fresh fish all the time. He said it was the best sea bass he's ever had. All the food was fantastic, and the service was top notch as well. A friend joined us at the end of our dinner and the staff set up a whole place setting just so she could sample a couple of bites at the end of our meal. We will definitely return to Wing Lei the next time we are in Las Vegas!
2	the ambiance was lovely, the menu descriptions delightful, the service  adequate,but the food was below average for even your local Chinese restaurant. In fact, in my neighborhood this place wouldn't be in business long. Without regard to price, the food was just not worth the visit. When you factor in the price, it is a scary proposition.One of the four dishes in our party received favorable comment (the sea bass), the other more common dishes such as sweet and sour pork, BBQ spare ribs were merely adequate.
5	As close as I've gotten to authentic Peking Duck other than the Source - Beijing. This review is for the Peking Duck specifically - it is carved for 2, table side. Served with steamed buns (but I asked for crepe pancakes - Beijing style, buns are Cantonese), cucumber, scallions, and hoison sauce. They take the extra duck back and bring it as a 2nd course of diced duck lettuce wraps. Absolutely mouth watering!!
2	WTF did you do to my Duck? Of course, I ordered the duck. It was fine enough - BUT they didn't carve the whole duck table side. They sliced choice pieces from the breast and thigh and then LEFT WITH THE REST OF IT.  If I wasn't paralyzed by the shock of it, I'd have run after the man wheeling away my duck. What were they going to do with the rest of my delicious duck?  It seemed sinister.  Well, I learned soon enough.  In an effort to be innovative, they used the REST OF MY DUCK to create a stir fry/hash-like dish which they served with lettuce wraps. HOW can they think this is a good idea? Just give me my duck, Wing Lei.  Also, the asparagus with black bean sauce lacked the spicy, vinegary bite that I love & can get at my neighborhood chinese restaurant for a quarter of the price. You all get stars for the service which was excellent & prompt - even if it was a little cold. & The dining room at Wing Lei is sumptuous and elegant.  Too bad the food didn't live up to the hype.
5	I usually don't eat Chinese food outside of the home as vegetarian options are limited & when present, are usually typical. This restaurant had great service, good spacious seating, & a variety of good vegetarian options that were unique.
4	Really excellent food and service.  The seating is a bit awkward but it's worth coming in spite of that.  Exotic flavor and offerings.
2	Average Chinese cuisine and way over-priced.
4	I had the privilege of dining at this beautiful restaurant last weekend in Vegas. The space was very chic and upscale. I indulged in one of the best lychee martinis I have ever had in my life (and I've had quite a few)!The menu was extensive, but exactly what you would expect from a Chinese restaurant. My absolute favorite was the peking duck. Be prepared for a lot of food since it comes with 2 courses, first the duck in pancakes then the duck in lettuce wraps. Both were flavorful and filling.The service was excellent and you definitely felt like you were having a fine dining experience even though you were eating the same type of food you would get delivered on a rainy Sunday evening!I'm not sure if I would return, simply because Vegas is filled with incredible restaurants I am dying to try...but I would certainly recommend it if you're in the mood for some great Chinese food.
4	Really really good. Really really expensive. Wing Lei was a second choice because girlfriend didn't want sushi from the new place at Wynn - it turned out really well. The place is decorated unbelievably, it's worth going once just to see what the dining room looks like. Gold everywhere, and diners sit in these elaborate (read: ridiculous) thrones. Pomegranate trees sit outside a huge glass wall. Service is great, attentive and authentic (read: Asian). The menu has a bunch of vegan and vegetarian options - not afterthoughts. We had a couple appetizers and the sea bass entree. The sea bass was easily the best dish I have had yet this year - it was outrageously delicious. Wing Lei is very costly. A fleet of servers and bussers keep the diner service moving, and most of the dishes contain very costly cuts of meat. Wine bottles start in the $70 range. Four stars for expensive food that is appropriately good, but not great great.
3	Double the price, double the quality?  No.Double the price, double the flavor?  NopeDouble the price, double the winnings in the casino? You're kidding right.The Strip has a sprinkling of very "high end"  Chinese restaurants that cater to wealthy, gaming crazed, visitors from Asia.  Wing Lei is unusual in that it focuses on Americanized Chinese food (what you expect to find in your usual takeout place) rather than Asian delicacies.  So does spending $34 for an order of orange beef or walnut prawns make it better than your favorite dive?The food.  The walnut prawns were outstanding.  Fresh, sweet, perfectly cooked with the right balance of crispy coating and not overly sweet honey cream sauce (it's not mayo).   The orange beef is well cooked, tender.  It is dressed in a tangerine, yuzu, and garlic chili sauce that adds a nice acidic balance but lacks the flavor punch you expect.  Finally, mu shu pork, watered down, week flavor thanks to the cabbage releasing its water.  Underwhelming.A beautiful dining room.  Spotless place settings.  Excellent but very restrained service (servers serve, not converse).Special Note:  The prices on the menu do not adhere to the Asian belief that that "4" is bad luck and "8" is good luck.  (Before you get all practical on me, I firmly believe "depend on the rabbit's foot if you will, but just remember it didn't work out too well for the rabbit."By the way, the answer to the question:  No.
3	By way of introduction, this is a very upscale Chinese restaurant in the Wynn in Las Vegas. It's the first and only Chinese restaurant to receive a Michelin Star, which is one of the reasons why we were so eager to try it. First, the good: - The restaurant is at the Wynn, which means the decor is over-the-top pretty. You sit in huge chairs, and the surroundings are positively opulent. - The service was quite good, for us at least. The restaurant wasn't at all busy, so perhaps this helps. - The food was really very tasty. It was quite good. Here are some highlights:      - The duck salad appetizer was really tasty. It had a crispy bowl of sesame seed crackers, and really yummy light truffle dressing. It was easily the most innovative dish of the whole meal. Try this!      - The pot stickers were just that -- four pot stickers. Price? $15!!?!?!?!?!     - The kung pao chicken was really good.      - A very surprising thing: get the CHILI SAUCE. We were like "wow, why does everything have this delicious subtle cinnamon(y) flavor to it?" The chili sauce! Very tasty.      - The general tao chicken was also tasty.      - The fried rice was good, and filled with shrimp.      - The wine list, by the glass, wasn't bad at all. Then, the interesting: - OK, when you go around the Wynn it's like this: white person, white person, Latino person, white person, Indian person, white person, white person. When you get to Wing Lei it's like they stuffed ALL OF THE ASIAN PEOPLE in the Asian restaurant. They aren't anywhere else, and there's no one but Asian people here. Kind of odd. Lastly, the bad: - Umm, the ONE HUNDRED AND NINETY FIVE DOLLARS the dinner cost us. We got two appetizers, two mediocre soups, two entrees, fried rice, and two glasses of wine. No dessert. That's a lot of money for really good but still pretty standard Chinese food. Aside from the duck salad and the chili sauce, there was nothing really outstanding about the food. It was all good, but not $200 good. - The aforementioned soups (won ton and hot and sour) were pretty standard. Nothing special here. In sum, the food was good, but how did this get a Michelin Star?
4	Upon entering the spacious dining room my senses were immediately stirred...enveloped by powerful hues of deep purple, rich gold and crimson red. The sweet aroma of caramelized roasted garlic commanded my attention and I inhaled deeply in anticipation of the upcoming feast.  Large golden dragons with eyes ablaze peered down at me from their pedestals and summoned me to enter their sacred culinary Shangri La.  An amalgamation of Cantonese, Shanghai and Szechuan flavors, my meal was prepared by Executive Chef Ming Yu and his talented staff.  Wing Lei is the only Chinese restaurant to be awarded a highly respected Michelin star.I arrived on time but my coveted dinner reservation was useless as I had to wait approximately 45 minutes for a reserved table.  It was time to belly up to the bar and savor a pre-dinner cocktail.  My gut instinct was to order the Asian inspired Lychee Martini. I eventually discovered the tiny fruit dates back to China 1059 A.D. and "represents love and royalty".  The drink, crisp with subtle flavors and slightly sweet, had me feeling like a Queen as I nibbled the bulbous lychee fruit floater with sheer pleasure.Appetizers included: Pan Grilled Pork Pot Stickers and Peking Duck Salad with Truffle Vinaigrette.  I would have preferred more duck in my salad.  Both starters were very good and not swimming in an overabundance of peanut and sesame oils.Szechwan Chili Prawns were quickly wok fried in a spicy soy bean sauce and served with tons of garlic and choy sum (similar to boy choy). The prawns were decadently delicious. A side dish of assorted fungi included Enoki, Shitake and King Oyster. The mushrooms were a perfect savory combo with the sweet prawns.In conclusion, the ambiance was lovely and the service was stellar.  My meal was well prepared and delightful but dinner amounted to $250 for two people and two cocktails.  That is expensive for prawns, choy sum, various veggies and shreds of Peking duck.Albeit, I throughly enjoyed my dining experience at Wing Lie, when future cravings for Asian inspired food arise I will refrain from driving out to Vegas. OC has plenty of great Chinese food at half the cost.  Cheers!
4	This place is great.  I've been a big fan - been here 3 times already.  You need to try their 3 cup sea bass, their walnut prawns- they were awesome.really enjoyed the ambiance too!
3	I was staying at the Wynn and I was too lazy to venture outside of the hotel, so I went to Wing Lei for dinner by myself. Good food, way overprice (it's the strip, what else do you expect), and the service was not at parI was seated and they asked if I want tea, but I never got the menu - until I asked for one. The server convinced me that two side dishes are too small for a meal, so I ordered the Mu Shu Pork (meat) and Ja Jiang noodle (side dish). It turned out to be too much food for one person. I had lunch at Sushisamba the same day and the nice server there warned me when I tried to order both Ramen and sushi. I took his advice and I was full after the ramen.The Mu Shu pork was tasty, but a bit salty. It came with wraps. So you don't have to order rice - rice is extra, 5 bucks.I love the noodle, it's a good portion and I would be okay with the noodle and maybe another smaller side dish.Nobody asked if my meal was good. The server seem polite, but very cold.I wouldn't be going back.
2	The dining room is beautiful, especially if you request a seat by the garden and service was fine, but thats about where it stops in our experience.  We had  the duck tasting with wine pairing and truly felt like they were throwing us leftover wine throughout the meal.   None of the courses were very good, or exciting at all, and I've had much better peking duck.  Over all really disappointing and expensive as well.
2	Overpriced very average Chinese food in lovely elegant surroundings.  My favorite thing about the meal was the beautiful china.  Service was lovely.  Guys must wear a collared shirt.
5	I've been to several restaurants in Las Vegas and I have to say, Wing Lei is absolutely amazing and without a doubt the best restaurant I've been to in my MANY trips to Vegas (I've lost count). I want to start out by saying it a Michelin Star rated restaurant which means it is TRUE fine dining. These are not handed out like candy (or in Vegas' case, the flyers for call girls on the streets).Upon entering Wing Lei you feel like you are in a Chinese palace. You are immediately greeted by friendly yet personally hosts. I happened to come here by myself which felt sort of awkward initially but ended up being fine. Once you're escorted to your table will you find yourself looking around the restaurant admiring the accents of red and gold before realizing that your "silverware" is actually gold. The place is undoubtedly tasteful...to the point where even all of the patrons were dressed appropriately (this is rare in Vegas).I started with mixed vegetable in a lettuce cup. They were so amazing that they could have been an entree. However, my fried rice entree was the most spectacular fried rice I have ever had the pleasure of eating in my life. I was so impressed by the restaurant that wished I had ordered EVERYTHING on the menu just to sample it's excellence.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5	Beautiful venue and felt very fine dining! Staff was super courteous and informed about menu. Full vegetarian menu which was outstanding! Would go again on next trip!
4	OK, I've been here three times.  Twice on a business trip and once a few days ago.  The first time was a 4 star experience.  On that visit I had a single item on the menu and I might not have chosen well.  It has been a while but I think it was Crispy walnut prawns.  The second, 5 stars.  I had the Peking duck 5 course.  My companions felt it was too much duck, but I felt otherwise.  Wow that was superb.  This time, I had two of the dishes -- steamed Chilean sea bass and beef and broccoli.  Both were Ok, but I was not as overwhelmed like the second time.  I guess this just reminds me that you need to be careful what you order.
5	Wow this place blew my mind.  While I was staying at the Wynn they comped all our food so of course we ate a lot...ok constantly.  This was definitely my favorite spot.  Even ordered tons of food to go so we could enjoy it in our room and walking the strip.  Somewhere I could never afford to eat normally, I took full advantage and tried just about everything.  If there is a heaven, this restaurant should probably be there.  Not only is it delicious, but the presentation makes you feel that you are eating somewhere very classy.  I can't wait to go back.  Makes my mouth water every time I think about it.
5	Definitely a repeat for Chinese cuisine
4	Service was superb, and the food was very well done. I didn't eat much since it was my second dinner, but I would go back for dinner again. A must try if you like Chinese food (which really blows Vegas). Being at the Wynn is also always good, since that's where you have to hang out anyway :)
4	Food is very good tasty, but a little dispointed in dessert. I may come again if any chance to try something new.
5	Went over the Thanksgiving day holiday. So glad I had Thanksgiving dinner here. The service is excellent and they have two menu's. One is like upscale Chinese food, the other is traditional dish's, both have a great selection. To my surprise they actually have good deserts! Not many Chinese restaurants have that. Had a couple of cocktails there too which where pretty decent. Would recommend this place for sure! Dont where about what your wearing too much, saw people there in jeans and t-shirt.
4	It's getting much better in recent years.  It's Asian fusion that works.
4	My family and I came ages ago, sometime in the late 00's (so long ago, I can't even remember), because my dad had a $150 gift card. This review is clearly long overdue, but here's my two cents anyway.First, the decor is absolutely gorgeous. With red, gold, and black accents, the ambience is very elegant and luxurious. One of the things I remember most about our dinner was not the food, but the beautiful chairs they had at every table. There were some tables that had booth seats on one side, against the wall, and those were just as opulent.At the time, my parents didn't want to go over the $150, so there were only so many things we could order. As I'm Taiwanese, I don't see a reason to spend more than $20 (heck, even $10) on one Chinese dish. Majority of the plates here are at least $30, going as high as $90. I'm glad I'm fortunate enough to live in an area where authentic Chinese & Taiwanese food is readily available for less than $10. Anyway, between the four of us, I believe we shared 3-4 plates. Since this was awhile back, I don't remember exactly what we ordered; just that it was surprisingly tasty.I would love to come back again for dinner, even though I don't remember the specifics. Considering that Asian fusion restaurants seem to cater to non-Asians more -- I'm looking at you P.F. Chang's -- I'm just happy that I didn't find the food repulsive. Wing Lei is an upscale restaurant with tasty Chinese food that will appeal to even the harshest native Chinese food critic.Michelin: 1 star (2009)
1	The food at wing lei was a huge let down. This restaurant is hardly worth a single star. Taste: 2/5Food was similar to slightly better than a typical Chinese banquet meal. The peking duck and chilled abalone were good but nothing special.Service:1/5 abysmalTerrible service. Requests took ages. Plates were hardly cleared or bussed and dishes were haphazardly thrown in to spots.Ambiance 4/5Spacious and elegant. Though the background music is a poor choice (typical pop/some club music)Price 1/5The cost was horrifying for the service and product.ConclusionYou d be better off ordering takeout from a nearby restaurant.
3	This review is for the dim sum buffet they do for Chinese New Year.  For dim sum, this place gets a solid 3 for taste and variety.  There were no chicken feet, veggies, noodles or other stuff I am used to seeing.  There were the usual shrimp and pork steam dumplings, egg tart, baked and steamed pork buns, baked almond bun, etc.  One thing that stood out was they actually had xiao long bao, which I've never once have seen for dim sum.  And though it was no Din Tai Fung, it was still good to eat.  There were also small hollow shrimp balls with broth in the middle, which was cool.  Far better, was the buffet area with the lobster, crab claws, and shrimp.  The area was not large, but they also had a broth noodle section (not special), sushi area (good), some cold small bites, and the middle island area has hot food, but nothing stood out.  My husband said that his steamed sea bass, which I thought was good, had a freezer burn taste.  The dessert section was cute.  There was a good variety of small items, but my faves were the shots of coffee flavored mousse with coffee jelly, the lemon cake lollipop, the chocolate squares (different variety, we had the coconut and the dark chocolate, and both were delicious), and the caramel and some fruit soft candy in plastic wrappers.  The green tea cake with raspberry was dry (this includes the dessicated berry garnish) and the chocolate cake lollipop was too rich.  It cost about $200 for two ppl with tip and taxes incl.  My husband thought it was the best buffet he's been to in Vegas yet, and we've been to all the big ones and M casino's.  I'm not big on seafood, so it still gets a 3 star from me.
4	Chinese New Year is a time to celebrate and usher in prosperity for the rest of the year. That being said, a couple of my friends and I decided to check out Wing Lei for their biannual dim sum brunch. If you have never been then it should be on your list of special occasions to try. The restaurant does this special one between Christmas to western New Year and then once again for the eastern New Year.The spread is impressive even by Wynn standards. Once sat, tea service is offered and the dim sum carts are rolled out. All the usual favorites are on there; black bean spareribs, chicken feet, har gow, sui mai, char sui bao, soup dumplings, and more. The soup dumplings and the shrimp balls with soup in them were some definite highlights. Besides the usual suspects, they had more high end items like sharks fin dumplings as well. Once past the small plates, everything came in abundance. It was like Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory in the main dining room. As far as the eye could see, an endless feast of roasted duck, halved lobster, king crab claws, prawns, sushi, handmade noodles, and other Asian favorites. Think you can finish a meal without dessert? Forget about it. If the carts did not get to you with the Chinese desserts than a walk through the foyer with have you up to your eyes in fusion items. At the end of my meal, I needed a bell hop to roll me out. For $65 a piece, it was an experience to be had at least once.
4	This is one of my Vegas favorites. Service is impeccable, and the food is prepared very well. On this past visit, my husband and I had the Peking Duck (serves 2). I'm not a Peking connoisseur, but this is the best I've had. The accompanying steamed buns were lovely- not too heavy or thick, as is often the case with buns. Hoisin sauce was also a lovely consistency (not too sticky or goopy) and was nicely seasoned. That being said, the hot & sour soup was nothing special, and the wine menu is extremely limited. But I suppose wine isn't the typical drink of choice with this cuisine. The menu is so extensive that it will make your head spin; they could stand to whittle it down a couple of pages. When in Vegas, definitely give this place a shot!
3	I visited Wing Lei on Super Bowl Sunday quite frankly because of the the Michelin Star that it received in 2009. I called in the night before to make a reservation and the hostess at Wing Lei was sure to let me know how fantastic the restaurant was by naming all of the restaurants accolades. Needless to say, my expectations were sky high.Before I get into the meat of the review, I think it is important to explain why I only gave this restaurant 3 stars. Given all of this restaurant's high level of achievement, I rated this restaurant against the very best restaurants that I have been to. It is quite obvious to me that if I were to rate and star Wing Lei against every other Chinese Restaurant in the United States, I would give it 4 or 5 stars without hesitation. However, with that said, here is why I was not so impressed with Wing Lei. Given the prestige of the restaurant, I found it appropriate to order the tasting menu offered by Chef Ming Yu. In true Michelin taste, there was a distinctly French flair to the menu that left the cuisine's Chinese authenticity in question. For instance, the first course of cold sea food was a prawn salad served with caviar, the soup dish was a truffle stuffed wonton soup, and subsequent dishes included duck, wagyu beef short ribs, and sea bass which were all plated and presented in a distinctly Western style. Although the tasting menu was for two people, none of the dishes were family style in the traditional Chinese sense, and there was a different glass of wine served for each course. It's not that Wing Lei takes a hit for having a French oriented tasting menu. The food was quite good and the sea bass was especially cooked to perfection. However, by serving a French style meal, the restaurant clearly opened itself up to a different standard of service that unfortunately falls short in my book. First and foremost, I was taken back the Maitre d's lack of knowledge, and even unwillingness to explain what was being served. For instance, the wagyu beef dish, was served without any explanation. It was not until I inquired about the dish, when a waiter explained that what I was eating was beef with vegetables. Likewise, each wine was served with very little explanation. A typical explanation was literally "here is a red wine from France, 1999" or "here is a desert wine from Hungary". Given that this menu featured a dessert white wine from Hungary, it seems clear to me that Chef Min Yu or his sommolier meticulously chose specific wines to accompany his dishes. The wait staff's lack of knowledge regarding both the food and the wine does not do this food justice especially because the chef takes an audacious and an uncharted approach to serving a French-Chinese fusion cuisine. A restaurant that attempts to serve food of this caliber must guide their customer through the whole culinary experience or else the customer will be left with a confused palate and more questions rather than pure satisfaction. Ultimately,  this meal left me wishing that I had just opted to go the traditional Chinese route (which the restaurant serves). If you decide to dine at Wing Lei, here are my suggestions:-Forego the tasting menu and go the traditional route. -Looking at other reviews on Yelp, it is clear that you cannot go wrong with Wing Lei's Peking Duck.-You should not go out of your way to visit this restaurant just because they received a Michelin Star once upon a time. After all, I do not suspect that Wing Lei is far superior to other high end Chinese restaurants in town such as Empress Court at Caesars or Pearl at MGM. In any case, a visit to Wing Lei is certainly not a mundane experience. If your primary experience of Chinese food comes from Panda Express, expect to be wowed. If you frequent authentic Chinese restaurants and you forego the tasting menu, I think you will come away understanding that you are paying a generous premium for better quality food for a special occasion. Just don't eat at Wing Lei and expect it to be among the world's best restaurants.
1	Terrible service, terrible food quality and horrifying prices!  Seriously folks you can eat at PF Changs and have far better food, service and pay 1/3 of the cost!  Truly the worst Hot & Sour Soup and Mongolian Beef I have ever tasted, in fact I could only eat a tiny portion of each.  Steve Wynn should be ashamed of himself!
1	Horrible food, horrible service. Loaded with sodium and very greasy! Taste awful ordered Mongolian Beef, potstickers, fried rice, chow mein, beef tenderloin and more!  Ordered bottle of wine and didn't receive for 30 minutes! At the end of dinner ordered a single glass of wine to share with my boyfriend and they never brought until I asked after dessert and the waiter looked at me like I was crazy!! I said may I please have my wine we ordered - he just stood there staring at me. What the heck is wrong with this place... I was so excited to eat here :( true disbelief!
4	liked it a lot.great service and superb food.dishes were extremely tasty, the pork belly dish is a MUST!!!
3	The atmosphere was just how I like and that was quite. we did arrive right at 5:30 for our reservations which was when the restaurant opened so there wasn't really any customers dining which added to the silence (minus the table beside us who had a loud spoken gentleman). First impressions are good, you get a real open feel in the main dining area with the super tall ceilings, chandelier and nice decor to match. There is a small view of a decorated patio with Asian decor outside. The staff did pull the chair out for my guest reviewer but not for me...not huge but noted. The chairs are big and plush which makes for a very comfortable seating experience. The staff quickly opens and places a large cloth napkin on our laps. The weight staff was very attentive and observant of our table as I saw them constantly keeping an eye or our dish consumption. Initially they did serve us wine that we originally thought was for sampling but ending up being by accident and it was not intended for our table. I do have to say it was a very delicious Plum Wine; we decided to keep it anyway after the confusion. Our waiter May was very informative and friendly to our questions but just over half way through she did disappear and never returned back to our table; nothing was mentioned to us. My salad appetizer was good very well plated and all fresh with no signs of mis handling. Recommended Duck Dish was good as well with great plating and taste. Dessert was again well plated and taste delicious as well. They did however still charge us for the Wine mixup from earlier which should have been comped as it was a mistake. The table was a bit large for two people to have dinner unless they are sitting beside each other and not across. The table cloth was heavily creased, silverware and glass were spotless and shortly before our departure as additional customers started to come in the dress code was not being enforced, strollers and children are allowed and they did leave the door open.
4	We were itching for some Chinese food and had never eaten at the Wynn, so we decided to try Wing Lei. Our meal was great! We had spareribs and potstickers for an appetizer. Everything is served family style, so for entrees, we ordered Kung pao chicken, general Tao's chicken and Mongolian beef, along with veggie fried rice and chow mein. Everything was delicious, although I didn't love the Mongolian beef, but that's just me. The general Tao's was fried but very light.This is a good place if you are looking for a bit pricier Chinese in Vegas. Also an excuse to check out the Wynn, which is beautiful!
2	Very disappointed! Is it possible to revoke their Michelin award?Pluses: 1) Nice ambience2) The sea bass was tastyMinuses:1) Very costly2) The pork belly appetizer was chewy3) The shrimp entree was overcooked4) Everything tasted salty or MSG'ish
4	Second time dining at Wing lei and again it was a smashing success. The duck was tender & delicious, the seabass flavored so tastefully. Very enjoyable experience!
2	Had dinner here this past weekend, and wanted to write down a few thoughts before it all fades in memory. We had the Chef's duck tasting for two, with wine pairing. Total cost was about $400 for two people, tip included. No qualms about the service. That part was impeccable. Their wine list left a lot to be desired, though more on that later. The first course was actually really good. Second one was OK. It all went down hill from there. Absolutely nothing unique. I've had better Chinese food for $10 per entree in the middle of Wyoming on the side of a highway. Is there a particular reason that this cost 8x the price of the same duck hanging in your local Chinatown? Add insult to injury, the wine tasting included a delicious glass of J. Lohr - yes that same J. Lohr you get at any Safeway in CA for $12 per bottle. The sommelier named Diego even quipped about this being a budget wine. At this point I was starting to wonder if Charles Shaw was going to be next. Overall, who the hell gave these guys a Michelin star? To be sure, this is no dollar a scoop Chinese place where you're never sure if the meat is actually beef, but spend your money elsewhere. Plenty of other places to blow $200pp.
4	My ears always perk up at the sound of "Michelin"...our meal at Wing Lei was definitely not the best of my life, but it was very exceptional.  Especially for Chinese food.  The food/cocktails and ambiance were impressive; however, the service did not 'wow' me.  It wasn't bad by any means, but it was not anything special.Our table of 4 ordered: 2 Peking Duck Salads, 1 Potsticker order, 1 grilled sea bass, 2 3-cup Sea Bass dishes, 1 Braised Duck Breast, 1 Fried Rice, 1 Chow Mein, 4 cocktails (Thai Silk and Lychee Blossom), and 3 desserts (chocolate mint tart, walnut semifreddo, and mochi ice cream).  Our bill came to $345 which I think is a GREAT price for the quality of food and the fact that we all got drinks...we also weren't able to finish it all and left very satisfied.Some reviewers commented on an "MSG-y" taste...we did not get that at all with any of our dishes.  All the meat dishes were cooked TO perfection and the textures and flavors were excellent.  I would love to go back to just try their other cocktails because the ones we had were incredibly refreshing.
5	Amazing Peking duck salad. I also had the scallops. Delicious!!!
3	Went here for a business dinner so I didn't see the bill, but I gather it was quite pricey given the ambiance and its locale. Our group wanted to go safe "pedestrian" which ended up being fine. Really did love the veggies, especially the eggplant.Service was just fine, as was the food. I would eat here again, but honestly I'm not sure I'd necessarily go if it were on my dollar -- there seem to be a lot of other restaurants to try in the hotel first.
4	definitely deserves their michelin star, great service, duck salad is a must, fresh ingredients makes the food a step above your typical chinese, not cheap but with family style dishes it's not too bad
5	Every time I've been here its been fantastic. This time was no different. The atmosphere is beautiful and service is spot on. Wonderful place for a nice dinner. Best mapo tofu I've ever had. Hands down. I've never had a bad meal here. Hell, I've never had anything even middle of the road. It's all fantastic. The red bean mochi ice cream is... let's just say i would trample my grandmother to get one. Good God. How is it THAT good??  Creamy ice cream that wasnt too sweet  almost had a taro taste to it wrapped in a thin but not too thin quality mochi. Oh so soft and chewy. I'm salivating at the thought of it. ::sigh::Pros: Red bean mochi ice cream. Mapo tofu. Beautiful restaurant on the smallish side.They have a dress code*Cons:Only open for dinner. *They don't enforce the dress code. I saw people in shorts.
5	Excellent Chinese food. Make sure to order the Wing Lei martini delicious I had 4 of them Wow I need to get the recipe. I'm glad we came here for dinner.
5	The remodel  is stunning. The restaurant was beautiful before and now it's even more lovely. Great food, service was impeccable. I love the white glove service & gold flatware .
5	Lead by Executive Chef Ming Yu Wing Lei is the only Chinese restaurant (in the US) to be awarded a Michelin star in 2009. W.L. was also awarded for Forbes Four Star dining experience. Wing Lei offers a mix of Cantonese, Shanghai and Szechuan flavors.They have several 100-year-old pomegranate trees flown in from China. Each chair is rumored to cost $1,500 each. Mother-of-pearl & 14 carat gold accent the room...so with that being said, expect to spend a pretty penny.What I've ordered at Wing Lei:Shark Fin Soup (I no longer see this on the menu) approximately $200 per person (individual bowl) It was served very beautifully, quite generous on the shark fin, and in a coconut shell.. golden hammered spoon and gold drip tray/dish underneath if my memory serves me right.  -Imperial Peking Duck $98Carved Table-side, Choice of Steamed Buns or Mandarin Crepes,(Cucumbers, Scallions, Hoisin sauce)-Second Course: Diced Duck in Lettuce Cups-Wok-Fried Maine Lobster $70Scallions, Ginger, Sherry Sauce served in shell.-Spicy Ma La Soft Shell Crab $68Garlic, Szechuan Dried Chilies, Scallions-Garlic Beef Tenderloin $40Heirloom Bell Peppers, Sugar Peas, Mushrooms, Black Pepper Sauce-Wok Tossed Scallops $38Brussels Sprout, Onion, Sugar Peas, Heirloom Bell Peppers, Black Bean Sauce-Grilled Sea Bass $38Lotus Root, Enoki Mushrooms, Spinach, Asparagus-Walnut Prawns $34Caramelized Walnuts, Romaine Lettuce, Honey Cream Sauce-Pan-Seared Striped Bass $36Choy Sum, Shimeji Mushrooms, Crispy Shallots, Garlic- Eggplant PureeKung Pao Chicken $28Roasted Peanuts, Bell Peppers, Scallions, Jicama Garlic-Chili SauceSeriously, I need to start writing down what I ordered... this isn't the first time I forget while trying to write a review. darnAll-inclusive, the ambiance was lovely, service was great, food was delicious,and even the utensils were elegant! I believe a majority of the "bad" reviews is because it's "overpriced" compared to the typical Chinese restaurant. What you should keep in mind is we're talking about Vegas (what's not expensive?), and a highly regarded Michelin Star Wing Lei has earned.
5	Everytime I stay at the Wynn, Wing Lei is my go-to restaurant for Chinese food. They have a pre-fixe set menu that includes: shark fin soup, deep fried soft shell crab legs (DELICIOUS), fresh steamed king crab legs, steamed fish, and I don't even remember the rest. Anyway, the king crab legs were divine and I ate like a beast. The black sesame mochi balls in almond soup were good for dessert. The service is excellent and this is definitely the place to go if you want fine dining. I also just found out this place has a Michelin star! Awesome! They also have a great buffet for lunch that includes a variety of different plates to try.
3	We visited Wing Lei for the Dim Sum Brunch this past Sunday.  Normally they are only open for dinner, but twice a year they offer dim sum brunch for Christmas and Chinese New Year.  Brunch is priced at $68.88.  They offer a buffet area with a sushi station, carving station, soup station, chilled shellfish, and a hot food covered tray area.  Hot foods included salt & pepper chicken wings, curry beef, shrimp chow fun, beef fried rice, bok choy, black bean sea bass, duck.  I loved the black bean sea bass.  They also featured dim sum carts, but the carts are very minimal with only 1 cart passed around every 30-45 minutes.  The cart variety was not wide enough.  Most of the cart items were different varieties of dumplings.  Furthermore, most of the items on the carts were lukewarm to room temperature.The service was inconsistent, with some servers being outstanding and others would totally forget that they had said they would bring a requested item.  I was surprised they had no drawn butter for the crab claws and lobster.Being a huge dim sum fan, I was really excited to try the brunch and I wanted to love it.  But it fell short of a $70 brunch (that didn't include any alcohol).  Maybe I expected too much given that they're a Michelin start restaurant, but I've had better dim sum from hole in the wall places
4	This review is for their seasonal Chinese New Year Brunch which ran for 2 weeks.  The price was $68.88 and it came with an insane amount of food.  For the seafood fans, there's 5-6 selections of sushi, shrimp cocktail, king crab claws, oysters, and whole lobsters.....And this isn't like the old Rio seafood buffet where you see asians fighting over and topping their plates full of lobster 7-8 deep.  There's so many options everyone will be pleased.The dim sum rolled around every 15 minutes or so.  There was lobster, scallop, and shark fin dumpling along with your standard dim sum fare.  The soy sauce chicken, duck, and pork belly were especially delicious.If you're still going strong, there's about a dozen hot entree items such as filet mignon tips, sea bass, two kinds of shrimp (curry and chile sauce) and yee mien.There's a huge dinosaur size tomohawk chop for the meat lovers and 3 soups to choose from.  For dessert save room for the flaky dan tat egg custard, sesame balls, or their assortment of non asian desserts.Overall everything was good but nothing really blew me away.  Having had the Mozen brunch a month ago, Wing Lei is head and shoulders above it in all areas.  Since Wing Lei is seasonal I'd take advantage and try it out once.  The one thing that was annoying was they charged $48.88 for children under 6.  I dont' have any kids but that's certainly Wing's way of telling you to leave them behind.** PS - Had their Peking Duck tasting menu and it was amazing - super expensive - i'd love to come back for dinner but i'm asian so paying 40-50 bucks for one plate of food is insane - maybe next time on someone's dime. **
4	Finally got a chance to try Wing Lei last night. Food was very good overall. Highly recommend the Imperial Peking Duck and the deep fried soft shell crab. Service was great. We were on somewhat of a timeline to see a show and they worked out the pace of the meal perfectly so that we were not rushed, but finished right on time. Atmosphere - Although it was recently renovated, it still felt dated. Almost like a big open dining room at a buffet. If you are set on upscale Chinese, it's definitely  worth trying, just don't expect much in terms of ambiance or cool factor.
4	Delicious Chinese cuisine with excellent service. The waitstaff gave good recommendations and knew the menu well.
4	Chinese New Year Dim Sum Brunch!It was a steep $68.88, but only happens a couple times a year.  Was it worth the MONEY?  I think yes!The first thing you will notice is the MOUNTAIN of halved Lobster, King Crab claws and large prawn/shrimp!They also had Tomahawk Ribeye at the carving station, but with all the seafood options, I really didn't want to fill up on beef!A couple mentionables :Lobster Salad with Yuzu Ponzu. This was PERFECT! Tender and flavorful Lobster and greens without an overbearing Yuzu flavor.  One of the best things worthy of seconds and thirds!Duck Prosciutto and Asian Pear. This was delicious and a surprisingly good combination of sweet and savory.  Much better than I initially expected :)The dim sum choices were limited but excellent in taste and quality of ingredients.  Examples :Shark Fin Dumplings were AWESOME.  One of the only dim sum choices I asked for seconds/thirds.  Lobster Dumplings were good, but not nearly as yummy!Crispy Pork Belly was out of this world! The skin had a crisp creme-brulee-candy-coating like consistency...BEST I've had so far!  The BEST Baked BBQ Pork Bao...very good!  Slightly sweet, crumbly top with a delicious pork goodness inside!  I will forever compare the others to this example :)Tea Smoked Duck. Wonderful! So much flavor in each bite!  The BBQ Pork was also delicious!  Small portions but big flavor.And tons of dessert options...my favorites were the Crispy Praline Nutella and Chocolate Mousse.Couple complaints (besides the entry price of course) :Wish they served melted butter for the lobster.  It was simply steamed and could have used a bit more seasoning/flavor/butter.The raw oysters had shell/sand and were not enjoyable.  The scallops were good but had an odd coloring to them.  Not sure if that's how they were cooked, or if they were of poor quality.Overall, I would recommend it for a splurge!  Just not sure if I will be back again for next time :)
3	The food was good.  It is tough however to give more than 3 stars for good food at this price.  We knew it was expensive and new it was a Michelin Star place, but we have a couple local spots near our home in which we think the food is on par with.I will say however, I did not get to do the Peking Duck (which was the main reason we went), and I bet it is awesome and part of the reason for the Michelin Stars.  I did not get to try it due to my nut allergy (lame).
4	Wing Lei is located in the Wynn in a truly breath taking room. The restaurant has one of the most interesting and beautiful designs I have had the pleasure of dining at. The majority of the food is excellent and would highly recommend the crispy pork belly and the seafood corn egg drop soup. The BBQ spare ribs were good but nothing unique and the crispy crab spring rolls I would skip. The wok tossed scallops were the highlight of the dinner followed by the Peking duck. The three cup sea bass was unique and enjoyable. The garlic beef tenderloin was very tender but lacked flavor and I would skip. The service started out excellent but hit a few hiccups throughout the meal. We completed our bottle of wine and would have ordered a second but were never asked. Water glasses also sat empty for extended periods. Overall a very good dinner and experience that I would recommend.
4	Went to the newly remodeled Wing Lei and loved it. The atmosphere and ambiance is wonderful. Their vegan selection is great. We enjoyed our entire meal. The only downfall was that there wasn't y vegan dessert option for us to enjoy.
2	I really was expecting a good dining experience after reading the Zagat review.  The decor and service were great.  Unfortunately the food was very mediocre.  The spare ribs tasted like they were heated up from the day before.  The duck salad was mostly lettuce with a few tiny bits of duck for 18.00. The prawns were tasteless and obviously frozen.  A side dish we ordered was disgusting and none could eat it.  The thing i can't understand was the concierge at the Wynn Tower Suites had recommended this restaurant.  I would never even consider going back.
5	We enjoyed the best Chinese food we have ever had at Wing Lei (and we have lived in Hong Kong and have traveled in China).  We were in Las Vegas to see a concert and stay for a long weekend, and saw this restaurant while strolling around.  We decided to order dishes we were familiar with, to be able to make a comparison.  With each dish, we were more entranced, since each one was so far and above what the dish was at a "normal" Chinese restaurant.  The lavish decor didn't hurt, either.  Dining at Wing Lei was a memorable experience, and we look forward to dining there again!
4	We came here on vacation and decided to splurge.  We had a such a great time here.  The decor and atmosphere were upscale and the staff were more than attentive.  The price was definitely more than it should be, but it was a splurge.  Food was great, we enjoyed the orange chicken.  We even ordered dessert, which was tasty as well.
5	Everything we tried was simply delicious.Interior is as in an imperial palace.A paid of 100 year old trees make for a nice romantic setting.
5	This was a huge splurge for me. HUGE! But well worth the nearly $100 bill. First off the decor was insanely beautiful. I felt like I was in an imperial palace. Second off, best service ever! They put the napkin on your lap, kept your glasses full, and even  BROUGHT OUT A MINI CHAIR FOR YOUR PURSE TO SIT ON! Thirdly, the food and drinks were nothing short of orgasmic. Soo good. With plenty of vegetarian options as well! Finally, you don't know what amazing celebrities you might run into while you're there. We had the amazing pleasure of sitting at the table next to LOUIS FRIGGIN LOWRY (author of "The Giver" and 40+ other teen novels for all you unreading goons out there!). Worth the price of admission (had there been one). Overall... why wouldn't you eat here? It's worth going into a little bit of debt to sample this little slice of nirvana. Trust me!
4	-Sunday night (7/27), dinner time.Wing Lei is a Michelin-starred Chinese restaurant in the Wynn Casino that recently underwent an interior makeover. The inside is wide open, brightly lit and covered over in gold, white and green colors. The Cocktails:  My dirty Bombay martini came out fast and cold with just the right amount of olive juice ($15.50).  They have a large wine list and many 'by the glass' options.  The Food: We started off with crab spring rolls ($19) and potstickers ($16).  The three spring rolls were filled mainly with crab meat. While the crab tasted ok, there was little else besides crab in the roll to give it texture or crunch and the rolls ended up tasting a bit mushy.  The four potstickers came with a side of sauce and were perfectly pan seared without being greasy.  For dinner, we shared the whole Peking duck ($98) and a side of yang chow fried rice ($16).  The cooked duck was brought out on a rolling cart and carved tableside. While still at the table, the waiter assembled the duck rolls using crepes (like in a moo-shu dish) rather than the more traditional steamed buns.  I've read on other people's reviews that you supposedly have a choice between the two, but we weren't given one.  When done, the waiter wheeled the duck carcass back into the kitchen so a second dish could be prepared from the remaining meat.  The second dish came out about 10 minutes later and consisted of a plate of six lettuce cups filled with a mixture of finely diced duck meat and vegetables.  Both forms of the duck were delicious and enough for two people.  The fried rice was plentiful but average. Tip: If you order the whole Peking duck, ask how the second duck serving is going to be prepared as it is not always lettuce cups.  Once when I was there, the second duck dish was a noodle stir fry with pieces of the duck meat, which was very tasty. However, friends have told me their second dish was just chopped up chunks of cooked duck, bones and all, served with a side of sauce.  Perhaps it depends on the chef's mood that night but there is nothing wrong in asking beforehand so there are no unpleasant surprises.The service is excellent and the food comes out quickly. They always seem to have a high number of waiters hurrying back and forth so you never have to wait long if you need something.  While the taste of the food holds its own in comparison to other Chinese restaurants off the strip, the price is a different story. Wing Lei is located in a big name casino on the strip and that, together with a Michelin star, demands loftier prices.  Keeping that in mind, if you don't want to travel off the strip and/or you want the whole elegant setting, fine dining experience, I think Wing Lei is an excellent choice.
5	We had the 5 course chef's special and it was amazing.  Pleasantly surprised how they created those chinese dishes to gourmet.  We will definitely come back.
3	I never knew this restaurant was in the Wynn. I was told that it was recently remodeled (and also Michelin-starred as many Yelpers noted).  We were a little early for our reservation and they didn't seat us immediately, so we sat at the bar.  There were several large parties and I believe they have an age limit as as I didn't see any little kids here.  The restaurant is very eye-catching with the classy decor, exquisite place setting, and bright golds and green colors in the room. Note:  it is only open from 5:30 - 10:00 p.m. We ordered a variety of dishes and started with the Alaskan crab salad which was a pretty small portion with mango, avocado and a citrus sauce we all loved.  It was a yuzu-miso vinaigrette.  This was a great start to the meal and we all wanted another portion, lol!  It did take a while for food to come out and they place everything on carts which are wheeled around.  For our meal, we got the grilled sea bass, scallops, the mu shu pork and a side of eggplant.  The mu shu pork was my least favorite, but I tend to like Peking duck in buns. However, the Peking duck here was only served whole (at at $98 I was not ready to commit to it!)  The eggplant side was a perfect pairing for the seafood.  We noted that he food was not salty, but rather used seasonings like sweet garlic, slices of ginger and whole black beans to create the bold flavors.  We were able to really taste natural flavors of the food and this made us appreciate the fine dining meal here at Wing Lei. Dessert here wasn't my favorite and they were out of the panna cotta, but the trio we ordered was small and very sweet.  With all the other restaurant options in the Wynn and Encore, I probably wouldn't eat here again, but it was definitely worth trying.
4	Whatever you do, be sure to get the Peking duck while you're here. It's not an easy dish to find here in the States, and Wing Lei does it very well. It's pretty much the only reason we dine here.The duck comes in two courses; first is the traditional wrap (get the crepes for god's sake if you want to do it right), which the server assembles for you! That is delightful to me for whatever reason. My first time at Wing Lei, we got the second course as-is, in which they minced the rest of the duck meat and put it into little lettuce cups with an unnecessary amount of chopped water chestnuts. Extremely unimpressive.Pro tip: Instead of getting the stupid lettuce cups, ask the server to simply carve the rest of the bird and serve you a platter of delicious duck meat (with extra green onions on the side in my case). It's a much better way to enjoy the duck, trust me. Seafood corn egg drop soup is good, as are the salads and cocktails. We liked the mapo tofu the first time but the second time, it was mild, which is just wrong. We improvised by throwing a bunch of little Thai chilies in it.Apart from the duck, my favorite thing about Wing Lei is the fact that they play Chinese pop music in the background! Who doesn't love hearing Jay Chou at a fancy Vegas restaurant? :)
4	As the only Michelin starred chinese restaurant in the US, I went with high expectations. While Wing Lei did not exceed the expectations, the restaurant certainly met it. As a precautionary tale, the food here can be very expensive depending on what you order. Here is a list of what I had:Peking Duck: This dish is as much of a treat as it is a show. The chef carts the duck next to your table, where he carves the skin off into either buns or crepe. Even though I am from San Gabriel (a very asian area with many asian food), the duck around San Gabriel does not measure up to the duck at Wing Lei. The skin is crispy, and the bun is soft and fluffy. Each other comes with 8, so with a group of 4 we each had 2.Sharkfinn Soup: Wing Lei has 2 types of sharkfinn soup, a traditional one with brown broth and one with crab meat. Both were incredible, although I thought the crab meat in the second soup was flavorful and actually better.Steamed Fish: Wow. The fish was fresh and soft. If you've ever had steamed fish, you can tell that this restaurant really nailed it. The clean feeling you have after eating it is indescribable. A couple of further notes:-They brought out a purse stool for my girlfriend!! (who does that!)-The decor was very classy and elegant-The service was incredible
5	As with every visit over the years it was yet another excellent dining experience.New interior also very tasteful!And let's not forget the 100 plus pomegranate trees!
2	Once again, Mr. Wynn over promises and under delivers.  The dinning room is nice, the food was nothing special.  We started with potstickers.  They were bland.  We shared four other plates.  While they were not bad, just nothing outstanding.If you're visiting and want Chinese, ask your hotel concierge for a good local spot and it will be better than Wing Lei.
5	Totally amazing fine dining experience. Service was top notch (my wife received a small stool for her purse) and great knowledge of the menu and ingredients. Nice Devore and quiet so you can hear each other. Make room for the great dessert menu.
5	The only Michelin rated chinese restaurant in the country and it is well deserved. I thought to myself before coming here how could you make traditional chinese food Michelin worthy based on their menu and I can tell you know that they figured it out. The noodles were so tender and delicious the sea bass was unbelievable.  This is definitely an elegant date restaurant if you want to impress your loved one. Not a typical vegas spot but it should be.
3	Food: A bit overrated for a 1 star Michelin star restaurant. I ordered the green beans, Peking duck, mapo tofu, and steamed fish. For $100 the Peking duck was nothing out of the ordinary. Crispy skin generic. Sauce generic. Duck generic. The duck was supposed to be carved table side, but the waiter carved it halfway and told my table the rest would be done in the kitchen. The most memorable dish here was the green beans, which still had a nice bite to them and very flavorful. I was looking forward to getting a corn soup, but held back when I saw that an individual small bowl was $16.Service: the waiters were very friendly, but were a bit slow with my table. I saw that the waiters gave other female customers a personal stool for their purses. My mother and I did not get that same treatment and had to place out purses on the floor. At the end of our meal we had waited at least 15 minutes for the waiter to charge our card for the meal. Ambience: The decor is all gold. The walls, the utensils,the chairs, and etc. A bit overwhelming to me as I like an atmosphere that is simple and laid back.
3	Michelin star is so over rated.The food was good. Not quite excellent that I expect for the outrageous price I paid. The service was good, again not excellent. The dish is small but authentic. The place was pretty nice though. If you have money to burn on Chinese food, go for it. I prefer to go to local Chinese food.
5	WOW is all we can say. This Buffet was amazing! Lobster, shrimp as big as Lobster, King Crab and just really High Quality food. It was Pricey and so were the Mimosas but you get what you pay for. We will deff be back
3	Recommended by a friend. He made it sound exclusive since dim sum was open twice a year, I felt that the dim sum style food could have been better if they focused on that and left the buffet of sea food out. It was tasty but some that came out was cold. They didn't have the chili oil like most Chinese restaurants I go to in San Diego, that was ok though since the items we had were a tad salty. The non dim sum items are  great though, fresh raw oysters, crab legs, lobster, nigiri, I actually asked the guy behind the sushi bar if I could have pieces with out rice, he said they usually don't give it out like that but he made an exception for me, to bad those pieces were so thick. I wanted to ask for a piece of the octopus but felt like I was going to inconvenience him so I walked down the buffet line, there was a yummy octopus and cucumber salad, probably the best thing on the buffet. They had a surplus of fresh fruit, mandarin oranges, cherries, rambutan, I didn't feel like working for my food though. Desert bar was pretty cool, decent, but not great. I really wish they more focused on dim sum though.. Next to sushi, dim sum is my favorite. Maybe I'll go this weekend when I get home to San Diego..
