1	Sunday night: call for a reservation for a group of 8 for that evening.  I'm told "I need you to talk to the manager", and I'm put on hold.  Five minutes later, the gal picks up again, "I paged him and he's on his way".  Um, really?  I have to talk to a manager.  Yes, yes I do.  After waiting on hold for a total of 8 minutes, the manager gets on the phone.  He tells me there's an opening at 7pm for our party of 8, which means he thinks they should be able to seat us by 7:15pm.  Hopefully.  Erm, no.  What part of reservation means that you'll seat us by 15 minutes later if we're lucky?We took our business elsewhere and have no desire to try this place again.  Good job, manager "Todd".
3	The one thing that Claim Jumper does that makes it unique is HUGE SERVINGS.  We're talking, leftovers for days servings.  The service is usually pretty attentive and quick, although there can be a bit of a wait some evenings.This is my mom's place to go out to eat when she has her choice.  It's...OK.  I mean, yeah, it's huge - but sometimes you sacrifice quality for quantity.  It's pretty much standard, chain, Apostrophe S food.  Nothing thrilling.Their huge chocolate cake slice, however, rules the school.  7 or 9 layers or something like that.  I blame it for my stomach.
3	I have to take my students there on a weekly basis (their not the same students every week, my classes only last 1 to 2 weeks) and they are always super happy, saying that the Europeans amoung them complain about the size of portions and the Yanks complain about the lack of choice...so i guess the old addage is true you can please some of the people some of the time..yadadada! Anyhoo, generally the food is good, and the service is ok. We book tables for anywhere between 10 and 20 people and generally they cope well with bringing all the food out at the same time; but don't let that fool you, it has taken 30 mins before hand to get our drinks refilled....so i guess it really does matter who your wait staff are.The food is good although it can be slightly greasy with no flavour, i also recommend the Jamaican sweet potatoe (it comes with jerk chicken and clover honey...yummy!) and a good pudding is the green tea creme brule (it tastes better than it sounds!) it's a tiny pudding, about 6 mouthfuls but it's totally snacky!
4	Claim Jumper is great if you know what to get.  Try this order out for size:SaladGarlic cheese toastRibeye with baked potatoM M M...
3	Claim Jumper seems like a restaurant I would love.  Unfortunately, it's just okay.  The look of the place is really cool, but the food isn't that good -- especially for the price.  The steak is expensive, but average at best (as an example, I'd consider Outback better at cheaper prices).  Even the garlic cheese toast, which sounds like it should be ridiculously delicious, is only decent.
4	If this wasn't a 'chain restaurant', I would have given it five stars.  But it loses one star for being one, unfortunately.  However, the service I got while here was absolutely terrific.The server was sweet & kind.  The food was on the money.  I ordered the "GoldRush Chicken" with a salad, and three of us split "Chocolate Motherlode Cake".  We all had food left on our plates, as well as the cake was hardly touched, after we all ate a healthy portion of it.I went to buy a t-shirt as a memory of the trip, and they were out of my size.  So, the manager gave me a larger shirt, for free!!  He had me laughing and made me feel so welcome, that I vowed to definitely come back the next time I am out in Vegas.  A great spot, great food, and wonderful, welcoming employees.
4	This is a major shout out to the AMAZING happy hour. You must sit in the ample sized "saloon" area to take advantage. Hours are 4-7 weekdays and 9-11 on friday/saturday. Decent drink specials, but food specials are great. Tons of snacks in the $1.50-$5 range. Love the $1.50 pretzels with cheese sauce (request this stuff for sure!).. they are incredible and completely worth blowing your diet for. These are normally priced $3.50 and I'd still pay that price for them.. soo much yummier than the ones at the mall or the ballpark or wherever you usually eat pretzels. I also recommend the Irish nachos for $2.50, and the pizza rollis for $2.75... if you are looking to get full on deliciously calorific junkfood at bargain basement prices, come here.I'd mention as for the non-happy hour menu/prices.. I find this place like a better cheesecake factory. Better food, prices, etc.
1	You know at (one) time this was a cool fun place to go!!  Now, this place has gone down hill just like all the rest.  Low price menu until they get greedy like everybody else. Yea, sure they have monster portions but, keep it real. Why jump on the band wagon like everybody and raise the prices so the average person has to go in debt just to take the family out to dinner?? Oh I forgot...."It's the price of gas"  my bad!!!  Well, I guess i'll have to go to the buffet instead or work over time just to pay the bill.  Go up the street to P.F Changs or the Cheese Cake Factory and you will have money in your pocket after you pay the bill!!!!!!
4	Like the Arby's commercial (which I love), meeeeee likey.When I lived in CA, I frequented CJ quite a bit and never had a disappointing meal.  I think I'm secretly in love with the chocolate mother lode cake and disguise it by saying how much I enjoy the restaurant and think their food is great, yada, yada, yada.  I was happy to see this location in NV and decided to get my favorite salad, the California Citrus Salad, to go.  It's a great combination of greens, avocados, mandarin oranges, green onions, golden raisins, cranberries and candied walnuts.  Soooooooooo good!  While waiting for our orders, my co-worker and I decided to get a brownie to split.  It was big, of course, so it was like having one whole "normal" brownie.  Sad to say, this was the first disappointing thing I've had.  It wasn't as moist inside as I expected, not as chewy on the outside as I would have liked, and I now realize I don't care for nuts with my brownies.   Oh well.  It was chocolate, so there was no way I wasn't going to finish it.If you haven't been to CJ, you're in for a treat.  Just save room for the chocolate mother lode cake!
3	I have been here multiple times, and last night was with a group of 13.  We called RIGHT before we were all going over there, and they were ready with a table as soon as we got there.  Apparently half my group knows the manager Maris, and this lady took great care of us.  The service was very good to handle 13 people; our waiter came by to refill drinks and everyone seemed to need something on the side and he still brought requested items back in a timely fashion.Here is the clinker...when I was ordering, the waiter told me I ordered one of the healthiest dishes on the menu (not true..haha).  I know these chain restaurants are notorious for bad-for-you food, but until the person next to me found nutritional information on the table, I was in the dark.  *Bravo to Claim Jumper for publishing the nutritional information for every menu item and putting it on the table.  This is great for diabetics, etc and is actually quite impressive.*It is my psychological problem that I felt the need to look at it once I knew it was there, and learned that 99% of the menu items had more than any human's (besides sumo wrestlers or Michael Phelps) caloric intake, 600 times the sodium intake, etc.  I was frightened when I saw my order's nutrition so I just ate half and then walked for hours after at the District, and am eating a lean cuisine right now.*Like everyone else said, the menu is huge with lots of choices, but the food is nothing spectacular.*The mango iced tea is unsweetened and yummy.*MAJOR bravo for the vegetarian menu.  Most of my group eats vegetarian out and even as regulars, did not know about this.  You have to ask for it but there are tons of veggie options!*summary: good service, average food, nice ambiance, kudos for published albeit scary nutritional info, brownie points for veggie menuUPDATE 11/18/09: Tilapia Veracruz is awesome.  I never usually eat tilapia but this is zesty, rich in flavor, and has avocado! mmm!
4	We stopped here on a Saturday night at 7pm, expecting the place to be packed.  Surprisingly, it wasn't.  We were seated right away.I won't go over everything that everyone else did.  The food was cooked perfectly, and came in ample proportions.  The service was very attentive.  I saw that their idea of a lemon slice in the iced tea was a small circle, so I asked for more, and got whopping lemon slices.  Very nice.My only complaint:  it's hard to find the parking lot!  We made several wrong turns, but hunger pushed us forward until we eventually found the parking lot.
5	Ok Claim Jumper is my new favorite restaurant!! They just comped our whole anniversary dinner (like $81 bucks) because we had a couple of issues. Tasha ordered a Hawaii Tai and it had a piece of Glass (we think it came from the rum bottle so they told us) in it (she did not cut herself). Then we thought ok free drinks, discount on food maybe? We weren't mad, we just didn't want anything else with ice in it. So they brought out this bomb red wine with a slightly obscene French name (menage a something) Then when Tasha's Surf and Turf came out my mashed potatoes were ice cold because Tasha's meal took longer to cook. They apologized profusely, brought me new sides, a red velvet happy anniversary cupcakes, and a huge slice of six layer chocolate cake and extra garlic Texas cheese toast comped the whole meal gave Happy Anniversary wishes and begged us to come back again so they can make things perfect. Best service & recovery I have experienced in years (like 7). I was not expecting all of that! All and all when they fixed our issues the food was amazing and the service and the recovery more than made up for our two, "Uhhh what's this?" moments. I will be back again. Thanks guys for making our 9 year anniversary memorable in an awesome way because this could have played out very, very differently. Not the perfect experience, but the absolute perfect effort.
5	Great food! Great prices!
5	Good food at a reasonable price, family friendly. Very large portions.
5	Great food at this chain restaurant with large portions. I came here a few times with my former boss (her office was right next door) for lunch- we ordered the starter salad/soup combo for $7.95, comes with garlic cheese toast. Service was really good- every time we came over, it was not crowded at all. I don't think that this one gets as crowded as the Summerlin location.
4	I was very pleased with my last experience at Claim Jumper.  The beer comes out ice cold in a frosted glass and the sangria was good.  The food was good, not the best, but a good value.  The dessert is always amazing and the main reason why we went out.  It had been over a year since we had last ate at a Claim Jumper, but we were in the mood for a good dessert and a nice meal and the Chocolate Chip Calzone was calling our names.  One of the best simple desserts around.
2	Claim Jumpers is overpriced and overrated. The fried zucchini from Carls Jr. is better than Claim Jumpers. Their portions are large and filling but the lack of taste leaves you with no motivation to finish.
5	My fiance and I had a great time eating out at the Claim Jumper.  Our waiter, Ben, was awesome.  I love their house salad and the portion is that of a dinner salad.  I'll also rave that the cornbread is the side option of choice over the cheesey bread that comes standard.  I had a delicious cosmo and their veggie soup was clearly made fresh.   I found out how to order online and ordered out later that same week as well =) Yummy!
1	After visiting last night & finding out corporate had removed so many things from the menu I was really bummed.  But I went ahead & ordered my favorite thing on the menu...the Cashew Chicken Salad Sandwich.  When it arrived, it was HALF the size it normally is.  I soon discovered why!  The wonderful slaw/lettuce mix they had always used & added so much to the sandwich, was now changed to crappy & plain ole lettuce.  I was NOT happy in the least.Fast forward to lunch today when I took my other half of the sandwich for left overs.  Imagine my shock when I bit down on a chicken BONE!!!  It freakin broke my molar tooth.  Then I found 2 more hard white bone grisle pieces that had been mixed into the Chicken Salad Mixture.  I just sent the Corporate office a nasty gram via email.  I had BETTER hear back from someone.I do have to say, the waiter (cant remember his name) was really great & explained that corporate just made all these changes to bring Claim Jumper out of the 1980's.  Apparently, Claim Jumper was just purchased by some other corporation & decided to change things.  I will NOT return to the Green Valley Parkway location ever again.  I normally go to the Summerlin location.  I may never return at all.  It is such a shame because Claim Jumper has always been one of my favorite places to eat.I do have to say, the new onion rings were delicious.  I guess they had been previously frozen like the fried zucchini.  Now they are hand battered & made fresh.  That was the only good change corporate has made.If it wasn't broke, why fix it???
3	Had been wanting to try Claim Jumper out for a while since we moved into the neighborhood right next to it. When we ended up going I was craving pasta, which is usually a hit or miss at these kind of places.The pasta was pretty dry, but we got it at the lunch menu price so I was not too disappointed. Lace got the rotisserie chicken with potatoes and loved it.The service was decent. The host mumbled us to our seat, and the waitress was nice but pretty quiet and was not around much.I would definitely try this place again and get something else. The interior kind was decent, kind of log cabin style and would be great for big groups.
3	Its been ok the past 2 times I have been. I feel like something has changed. I noticed they had gotten rid of their steak fries and that is sad as they were so much better than the limp shoestring ones they serve.I had the fried chicken salad last time and the pot pie the time before. Both just ok. The waiter was nice and attentive, but he tried to up sell us a lot. I know it isn't there fault but it feels so patronizing.My grandfather got the chicken fried steak and you could feed a small planet with the size of that thing! I do like the side choices for kids, lot of healthy options for my little one.
4	Steak, and shrimps!!! huge salad good drinks!!! Thats where they get you!!! those "Long Islands" are pricey!!!Over all, good service , good food  and no wait!!!
2	You get a lot of food. But quality is poor and prices are high. This place is overrated and priced too high!!!
3	I really used to love their Fried Zucchini Sticks but I was so disappointed the last time I was there as the waiter said they changed the way they bread the Zucchini sticks. That appetizer sucks now.....The breading just falls off and the Zucchini sticks also shrank..... BOO HOO!!!!! WHAAAAAA!!Alright I'm over it - The Lemon Bar Dessert is soooo YUMMY!!!!The Tortilla soup and chicken salad sandwich I had for lunch was good as well.I didn't care for the shoestring fries as I'm more of a steak fries type of gal.I love the atmosphere in here - it's dim and open (spacious) and the bathrooms are always clean - YAY!!!!!  for clean bathrooms.One star off for changing up and ruining the Zucchini sticks appetizer - Shame on you.....
3	it was ok.. all i got was a pizza and salad, and it took forever, pizza wasnt that great salad was, ok...overall, get entree menus or nothing..
5	The absolute best things about this place are the pretzel, bowtie chicken and cornbread muffins. I could eat these everyday from here if I could.
4	Food was great & staff was awesome.  My Mom didn't care for the tortilla soup & sent it back but enjoyed her steak.
4	My first visit to a Claim Jumper's.  I came here for the lunch special, because I don't think I could have afforded it otherwise.  It's a shame, because a half rack of ribs couldn't curb my appetite.  Shoestring fries are not really my thing, and I didn't much care for the garlic cheese bread, but the ribs in themselves were fantastic.  An easy 4 stars from me, one star deducted because the prices are insanely high for the type of food they're serving here.  It's Cheesecake Factory expensive, and I only mention that because their strawberry lemonade (not nearly as good) reminded me of The Cheesecake Factory's, in that they put sugar on the rim of the glass.  All in all, I think I'll try to con someone into taking me here one of these days and order me the full rack of ribs, in order to satisfy my intense craving.Alas, I am alone.
3	Claim Jumpers is consistent no matter where you go. I tend to find that the food is acceptable, but not awe inspiring. This is the place to go for a lot of food for little cost. Most of the portions are good enough for two or more.Even though my friends and I were not too hungry, the appetizer, soup, and sliders were enough to put us pass satisfied. The calamari ($11.99) were cut from some monster squid that always makes me think of eating rubber bands. The French Onion soup survived the down scale in size that some other dishes did not. The sliders came in an order of four with a pile of shoestring fries. Another friend had joined later on. He ordered the chicken tortilla soup and a chicken bow tie pasta. With an alcoholic drink, the total bill came to less than fifty before tip. I always enjoy the French onion, but otherwise it was a mediocre meal. If you have many people who cannot agree, this would be a safe option to satisfy the masses.
3	Chain steakhouse with great portions. Sit in their saloon to skip the wait at the door.
4	Been coming here for years and food is always consistent.
1	Food prices and service still "SUCK"  stay away!!!!!
3	decent food at a decent price
3	Always a fan of Claim Jumper.  I am disappointed with some of the menu changes since CJ's was bought out by Landry's.  The service is usually pretty good.  There is nothing phenomenal about the restaurant, but it is still good food...although a but pricey for some items ...$4.99 for a cup of soup is a bit steep for the portion size.  We tend to eat in the bar where it's a bit more relaxed.  Just avoid the bar on Friday nights as the Zappos crowd is a bit loud. They are not obnoxious...just loud...and it slows down service a bit. Menu favorites: all of the salads, potato cheese soup, pretzel sticks, gigantic club sandwich, chicken/mashed potato/cinnamon apple dish (PLEASE BRING BACK THIS DISH WITH PORK!!!)
4	I was hungry, so I took myself out to dinner, because I'm a loser and I have no friends.  I tried out the "ore cart" (sampler of baby back ribs, beef ribs and chicken) because I'm a fat pig.  Then I felt depressed and hated myself for the rest of the day.All in all, a successful outing.Of all the meats I tried, the ribs were definitely the highlight.  I don't know why I ever order chicken in restaurants; it's always dry and tastes the same anyhow.  The ribs taste very BBQ-y though, just like the kind pappy used to make.  Unfortunately, that means it's mostly burnt and dried out.  But don't get me wrong though, it's GOOD...Afterwards, I went home and wrote my will.  Where do you go from there?
1	Well I let my wife talk me into trying this "DUMP" one more time. ( not my decision )  This place still "SUCKS" and always will in now, both our books!!!  Thank god!!! Now, she finally See's what i was talking about this whole time. OK, she had the Roasted tri-tip and I had the country fried steak. OMG.......GROSS!!!!!   what a lump of sh**.  I'll post a pic of what I scrapped off it. ( Pic. is next to my profile pic. ) To start the waiter was da da duh....we asked for ( No lemon ) in our water and yep...you guessed it lemon. He said: i couldn't remember if you wanted lemon or not so i put it on there for you. I said: we told you 30 seconds ago, glad we are not allergic to it!!  First nose dive...Appetizer was good had the roasted artichoke ( bout the only thing they know how to make ).  Then the dreaded  so-called food came.  Waiter forgot her bread that comes with it, and no gravy poured on the tri-tip.  Mine looked like it came from a cow patty field in Jasper Oklahoma!!!  I really didn't want to even eat it.  I think a two year old could have done a better job at making it rather than them.  What makes me wonder is how this place stays in business!  No disrespect to other people but, I think they don't know what "GOOD FOOD IS".  If I was the health department I would shut this place down in a heartbeat for awful tasting wanna be food.    Overall rating:  - F -F -F -F -F   five minus F's!!!!!!   ( i wish they had a food sucks rating )  To sum it up...We will NEVER step foot in there ever again!!!!     (   THANK GOD!!!!  )
3	There is food here.There are some good beers here.If you go on the Zappos tour you might consider stopping here for a meal or a drink.It's a chain. 'Nuff said.
3	After working next door for a little over 2 yrs I became sort of a lunch connoisseur of this rustic eatery. I was always happy with the meals I got, but I did stick with what I knew for the most part. I mean let's face it there isn't THAT much opportunity to really get crazy and branch out here.The salads in my opinion are great. Huge and if you get the lunch specials big portion for a great price. The portions of everything are massive so come hungry. The chicken pot pie is one of the best I've ever had. There is usually a good selection of soups including a yummy French Onion and Chicken Tortilla. Dessert is a new level of portion size depending on what you get. At least LOOK at the dessert case as you walk in, just to stare in awe. The berry pies are awesome and if you get it to go there are instructions on how to warm it up best at home. The service can vary from server to server. Sometimes they're at your beckoned call and other times it takes some flagging down to get attention. We almost always sat in the bar area so that could be part of the issue, it's a bit off the beaten path. Given they have changed their menu around a bit since they were bought out by Landry's but I didn't notice a major change in selection or quality. With Landry's as their parent company if you join their discount club you can earn reward points at a wide range of restaurants.
4	Our reservation was for 6 pm on Christmas Eve. No wait. There were a lot more cars in the parking lot, so it looked like it was crowded (it filled up later on as the night progressed). In our party was my father-in-law, his wife, my husband's Grandma and her husband (came from Pahrump), and my husband and me (three generations).Our server told us that there were a few changes made to the menu, since Landry's bought the chain out several months ago (which applied to two dinner entrees in our party- more detail later).Our starter was two orders of the Calamari (thick cuts of calamari, not small rings), served with Asian Slaw (love this!), and cocktail sauce. We were waiting for the marinara sauce, too, but the cocktail sauce worked. The calamari was not the usual type, and was delicious (I want to order this next time!). I was having a hard time deciding between three entrees (I've had many dishes and appetizers here; really miss the jambalaya), but I settled on the stuffed baked potato with veggies (carrots, zucchini, squash)- chicken- I chose blackened. Mine was huge! I knew that I would not finish this. My husband had his favorite dish here, meatloaf, which was not the same (smaller, he was disappointed). My father-in-law had the chicken fried steak (this was one of the changes that the server mentioned; my FIL said that there was a lot more breading this time around). His wife had the fish and chips (my co-worker had this at the company luncheon a couple weeks ago) and she shared (the fish was really good, good sized, meaty, not fishy or anything- I would order this, but would share it, too). My husband's Grandma and her husband had the sirloin tips (two of my co-workers had this as is) but substituted/opted the potato cakes- 2 (phenomenal!!!). We also had a drink (merlot, pina colada, white zinfandel) with dinner, too BTW. So, for the most part, four out of the six in our party, really enjoyed Christmas Eve dinner here. The manager was sent over to explain that we could not use a partial credit (from $25 birthday reward) on my member card (this was not explained to us at our last visit to Rain Forest Cafe @ Downtown Disney) but he approved it anyway, and the tab was a little over $141.00. My overall rating of four stars is is still pretty good, what I had was really good, and the service was excellent. (One table didn't get their food, because it was mistakenly given to another table!) We would come here again (but for Christmas Eve dinner, it's always a different place every year).
1	So sad. Our cocktail hour at claim jumper is ending. My gfs and I made weekly trips to this location for drinks and dinners. You HAD the best bar side staff. They are now all gone and your fabulous menu has changed. My final visit to cj I was sat next to piles of dirty dishes. My waitress was absolutely wonderful minus the fact that she was bar tending and bussing tables. Surprising a product can go from wonderful to not tolerable so quickly. My parents are also huge fans of claim jumper. Sheree and rand, they have been coming since you first opened. Unfortunately my mom was with me on our last trip. Good luck and I hope my review is seen by someone that can make some changes. Jessica
4	Lately, I have been enjoying Claim Jumpers Happy Hour specials which can be found in the saloon area between the hours of 4-7PM. While the portions are small, think of it as tapas, Claim Jumper style. At least that is the way I think about it. Generally we always order a few dishes and share everything. I highly recommend the tri-tip sliders, street tacos and pretzels! All very good and all cheap to. The service at the bar is solid to. I started to joke with the bartender that CJ was becoming my go to hang out place to grab a drink and food after work because the specials are just that good. Needless to say, that is not the first time she heard that. Overall, CJ is a solid place as far as the bar goes and there happy hour menu just takes it up that extra notch.
1	What a mess.First, I called to make reservations for 6:00 PM.  I called at 1:00 and they put me on hold for 10 minutes.... to make a reservation.I called back an hour later and made the reservation.  When I showed up, they didn't have it.They told me we would have to wait for 40 minutes, even though the restaurant was half-empty on a Friday night.  (That's another sign.  Where is the business during Friday dinner).They seated us early.  Didn't matter.  It took an hour to get the food.  I could hear the manager apologizing to another table next to us, so it must be common.  Not only that, people who showed up later got their food earlier.  And the food?  Nice and cold.Boycott this place.  Maybe we can get a better restaurant to replace it.
4	I have been to claim jumpers quite several times and it has been a different experience each time.  A few times before the service was slow and the waiter would never stop by and refill our drinks.  It would take at least 30 minutes to get out food out and another long wait to get our checks.  However, lately I've been seating at the saloon/bar area and the service is great and gotta love the happy hour.  Decent prices and the food is good especially the pretzels! Also, one of my favorite desserts that they have is the chocolate chip calzone, it is amazing.  especially if you love chocolate and its pretty filled with chocolate goodness :) its always worth getting.
3	Easy to get to, right off the 215 (across the fwy from GVR) Go hungry. Some portions are large (dont be a goofball, ask for a take-a-way) I have found the whisky apple chicken, country fried steak and rib-eye to be tasty. Decor is rustic and comfortable. Good happy hours specials.
2	Party of 4. They said the wait time was 25 minutes at 6:45pm on a Friday. About 16 customers were waiting to be seated in the waiting area, and a few more in the bar area. It took about 25 minutes to be seated...but we counted at least 9 unoccupied tables and 40 unoccupied seats in the area we were seated. I Ordered the Steak Chili Baker.  Bread was hot.  The Chili inside - STONE COLD.  Like someone opened a can of .89 cents Chili from a shelf and and simply spooned it in.  The menu indicated it would be topped with "Cheddar Cheese", 3 small shreds of cheese. I tried 2 spoonfuls, the meal (if that's what Claim Jumper calls a meal), was sent back 98% untouched. When I told the server  it was cold, she simply said she would have it "heated up". This response is what made me furious. Manager came buy a few moments later with a most insincere apology and his only response was an attempt to sell me something else. The sales receipt shows "Kitchen Error, COLD" on it where they backed out the cost.  Cold either means not cooked, or cooked and then left out until room temperature. Either way, this is a health hazard.  I will be notifying Southern Nevada Health District.UPDATE 3/15/2012Both the Assistant Manager and the Manager called me (I submitted a complaint on the Claim Jumper Website) to offer their apologies and express how they will better coach their staff.
4	This place, for the most part, does it right.  The ambiance has a rustic feel.  The antler chandelier, the wood trimmings, the decor.  Tonight, we decided just to get drinks and dessert. I got a glass of the Ecco Domani Pinot Grigio for $6.25.  It's a light, crisp dry wine.  Very favorable with dessert, for me.  I also got the cookies and cream mud pie for $7.99.  This dessert was ON POINT!  Chocolate cookie crust, cookies and cream ice cream and fudge chocolate topping.  It was full of flavor and just what I needed at the end of a day.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!Our server was nice and attentive and all in all, a great last minute experience.  If you've never tried this place, it's about time you did!
4	My boyfriend & I are big fans for Claim Jumpers salads. We probably order one probably once a week. Our favorites, California Citrus Salad & BBQ Chicken Salad. We've eaten here numerous times, now we're taking it to-go. Why only 4 stars? It's a bit pricey for salads, I think.I do love how many restaurants now offer to bring your order out to your car. It's great for us lazy people. I did go in this time, though. Kristina usually takes the to-go orders. She is very organized, friendly, and efficient. She knows our orders by memory. Lol. Good job!I remembered why I liked having them your food out. You can avoid looking at that humongous chocolate cake at the counter calling your name. Willpower... Just the salads...
5	What can I really say...everything is big and great.  I come here often and have never been disappointed.  Very high consistency.
4	If you are looking to go out for a meal with the family, but don't want to bother going out to the strip, this is the place to go!  Great atmosphere, good food at a nice price, and the menu has a large variety to choose from.  I highly recommend getting the salad, it has cornbread for croutons! MMM. It balances the salty with the sweet and its just delicious. I almost asked for a box of croutons to take home. hahah The food comes pretty quickly and always makes me happy.  The desserts are huge in portions. We ordered the mother load last night and  yeah, i have enough for something yummy tonight in the fridge for me and my room-mate.    You can walk right in and usually it's not a long wait. The staff are friendly and good with people. I love coming here for a meal with friends or sometimes by myself if I feel like a little treat without breaking the bank. Dress is casual. Its a good place to have a first date, without feeling a lot of pressure to pay a big  bill. The portions are very good and you will NOT leave hungry.  i hope you like it as much as I do!
5	Awesome Happy Hour at the bar.
4	Of all the chain restaurants like Cheesecake factory, fridays, ruby tuesday etc,,, claim jumpers is one of my favs...  I had dinner here last night... Order the all you can eat salad and soup, my entree was the chicken pot pie finishing with mother lode cake,,The salad bar is fairly large with all the fixings usually associated with a salad bar... They have a baked potato section as well and 2 soup options...  I thought the veggies were fresh, the salads were fresh, and the dressings were really good.  The chicken pot pie is one of my faves at this joint, this time as with others, it was good..  The mother lode cake,, huge chocolate cake with 7 layers.  It takes me several sittings to finish it...  They have a fresh bakery onsite that bakes their breads and rolls you know its fresh.  I have tried the ore cart, and the ribs... Both selections are really good and big portioins...  In my opinion, this plays gets it right... They serve good tasting food, the portions are way big, service is good and the prices are reasonable for what you get...  I whole heartedly recommend this location to yelpers.... I like this place and i hope you all do as well... Hope this yelps
1	Went there for lunch the other day, Sammy (Girl) was our waitress and was bubbly and energetic but completely screwed up our order-we didn't have the heart to tell her.  On top of that there was a used tea bag in my tea pot!  My tea glass was very dirty and cloudy too.  The food was luke warm, and nothing like the picture in the menu (Shrimp Fresca).  On our way out a female manager, (we assumed it was a manager-tall bleach blonde with no uniform), was scolding a waitress on the food line for everyone to hear.  Classless.  I'm going to Sizzler or Denny's & save some money next time as long as I'm going to have a 'red-neck' meal.
3	A few years back, this used to be my favorite restaurant. That is no longer true.Big portions are good if the flavor is just as big, but this isn't the case for (this) Claim Jumper. Appetizer platter was large and had a good variety. The baked potato entree was bland; the veggies were okay. Alfredo sauce didn't do anything for me. We also ordered chicken fried steak. It was two huge pieces, about 5" or more in diameter, and from my sample, tasted pretty good. A lot better than my baked potato, that's for sure.Desserts menu is decent sized, and even their "mini" desserts are enough for two people to share. The mini I-Declair was good, but not the greatest and I wouldn't order it again.The only good thing about this place was the service. It was huge, no wait (due to there being lots of open tables on a Saturday night), and quick service. We didn't have to wait too long for our appetizer or food. Our waiter was entertaining and funny and should probably quit this job and be a waiter somewhere else.
2	I liked the food - and their desserts are great. The service, however, could not suck harder. At one point, I think they decided to raise the cow who eventually would give the milk to make the cheese for my dish from a calf - starting the whole process when I ordered. Then, when we got to the dessert course, the waiter straight-up lied to us and said that it was taking a long time because there was a big rush from the happy hour at the bar, when, in reality, they simply didn't have the dessert we'd ordered. Took almost 30 minutes for the manager to come out and TELL us that, by which time, we were already late for our evening plans. I so wanted to like this one. Other Claim Jumpers to which I've gone don't have this problem. Front and back of house need a complete overhaul in staffing. When there's a total of 7 tables seated, it should not be 20 minutes between visits from your waiter. One should not have to make a pyramid of empty glasses on the table to make the point that we've run dry. If it didn't physically pain me not to leave a tip, I'd have left the dude a whopping zilch; as it is, what I left was out of pity - clearly, he'd not be able to get a job waiting tables anywhere else.
1	I haven't been here in a year and I won't be back. We sat at the bar and the service was really awful. The food wasn't much better. The slaw looked like it had sat out for a week and when we got our food it was cold.
1	We have been trying new places every Friday on Date night. Have not been to a Claim Jumper before so we gave it a try. Definitely on the "won't do that again " list. Arrived about 8:30 it was pretty quiet and dark  inside. There was no wait which kind of made me wonder why on a Friday night. Walking past the food prep area two of the wait staff were laughing loudly after one dropped an F bomb in front of us. We were seated and we had a nice quiet meal that was on par with Denny's for a premium price. My salad was good other than they make croutons out of sweet corn bread. The combination of Blue Cheese dressing and yellow cake croutons was just wrong.I ordered fish and chips because it's hard to mess that up. Wrong again. Over cooked fish jerky fried in rancid oil. All on a huge pile of soggy french fries. My wife got grilled shrimp and fillet Mignon. A different  waiter brought her plate and announced here's your sirloin and shrimp. He was told we ordered Fillet Mignon and grilled shrimp not Sirloin and Fried shrimp. He said Oh I think it's the same thing. No sirloin and fillet Mignon is not the same thing. He took the plate back to the kitchen. Our waiter came back and said whats the problem? We told her and she went to the kitchen and brought the same plate back with a side of grilled shrimp. I seated facing the kitchen and could see that her plate had not moved from when it was taken back. Now it had been sitting back there and was cold. Well we left knowing why it was nearly empty on a Friday night.
1	WOW, not sure where to start with this one!  My friend and I ate here for lunch today, we explained that we were on our lunch hour and were pressed for time.  The host suggested we eat in bar for faster service.  Since it was such a beautiful day out we decided to eat outside.  The service was extremely SLOW!! I felt that we were forgotten about, when I finally received my Burger it had paper in it, apparently they did not take the paper off the cheese and I ate part of it.  The server told me it was ok because it was just paper, she grabbed a manager who told me the same thing.  I argued that it was not ok, no one should eat paper!  The manager told me she would replace it with soup or a salad, I told her forget it I was only on lunch and I would stop somewhere on the way back to work to get a burger at a fast food place, my friend said "no they can just make you another one"  and the manager just looked at us....she was not prepared I guess to give us another burger?!  Weird.....she disappeared for about 15 minutes, but we could see her walking around in the bar area, when she came back out she actually lied and said she cooked it herself....kind of difficult to make a burger in the kitchen when you are in the bar!
2	The interior architecture and design of this restaurant are expansive and beautiful in a mountain lodge kind of way. The food is ok. The service tends to be a little slow.Why in the hell is the place always so creepily empty though??? The restaurant space is HUGE. There's just not enough people milling about to make it feel warm and inviting.Now that Zappos is moving I have no idea how this place will stay open.My friend Lisa walked in on a DUDE taking a dump in the ladies with the stall door wide open. That's Vegas for you though. No shortage of freaky activity. Not really the restaurants fault there.
3	Met friends for drinks here on Saturday night.  I had been here once before during happy hour and the food/drink specials at the bar were great!  Another time I went for lunch and felt jipped by the prices, but I guess that's because the happy hour deals were so good.  I do like the atmosphere of this restaurant - much nicer than an Applebees or Friday's but not "stuffy" or too fancy.  Just right for a casual lunch or meeting friends for an "easy" dinner and drinks night out.  The service has always been good here but still, I can't help but thinking that I'm never blown away by the food.  I think the thing that was most surprising was that they were getting cleaned up and ready to close at 10:30 on a Saturday night.  We had to move the gathering back to the house. I think I'll keep this on my list of "pretty darn good happy hours".
3	I got the Giant Stuffed Baker. It was pretty good, but nothing special. The potato was overcooked and the chicken was dry.That said, the three-cheese potato cakes were incredible. This appetizer/side was one of the best items on their menu and won't leave you disappointed.Don't pass up the rotisserie chicken, either. It's succulent and flavorful.
4	We come here often since it's near our home...but the service is always great!! The food is tasty!! Get the VIP card if you can, it's totally worth the sign up fee.  We go in on busy nights and get in quicker than everyone else, free Birthday $25 & after you accumulate so many points you get another $25 free on your card.
2	Nothing too exciting. Just a chain restaurant. I think e service was decent and food was ok just nothing special.
3	Very limited gluten-free menu, unless you eat cow. Ugh!!!!
2	Service here is very slow. I had a fish combination plate and it tasted like it was FULL of sodium. Not impressed. I hear the ribs are pretty tender, but that's not enough for me to ever want to go back and eat there again.
4	I like this place and I love the happy hour but the thing is its not much of portion for a happy hours.
4	As a local Las Vegas resident, I have eaten at CJ several times before I started yelping and always had good experiences - especially during Happy Hour where they have one of the best and most expansive happy hour menus in town.  So a few days ago when a quick dinner decision was required for a party of 5 adults (3 visiting from other states with no CJ exposure) and a toddler, Claim Jumper was the answer.  We arrived at 5pm on a weekday and were able to sit in the Saloon and enjoy happy hour drink prices.  There was too much food ordered to review here - so I will stick to my general consensus of our group.  THE MEAL WAS GREAT, ABOVE AVERAGE FOOD, GREAT SERVICE, and OVERALL WE HAD A GREAT TIME!   Some food tips here:1.  Everyone who ordered shrimp dishes loved them!  The western BBQ shrimp wrapped in bacon was a HUGE HIT.  So much so, that my father-in-law from Ohio returned the NEXT DAY and ordered it again!!  For real!  2.  The chicken fried steak is not exactly what Southerners are used to.  It was decent, but not going to blow you away.  It's Las Vegas - skip the chicken fried steak here people!  3.  The potato cakes were the biggest hit.  Order them as a side dish.  You won't be disaapointed.  4.  The rotisserie chicken which they specialize in was just average.  My father-in-law is a rotisserie chicken man and he said "I've had a better rotisserie at Costco than here."  Now, he still ate the whole chicken, so it must have been good enough for him.  5.  Hit up the Saloon during Happy Hour - they have over 15 food items to chose from on discount, and more than 15 drink specials.  It will save you lots of money!!
4	My mom was in town from Arkansas, and we wanted good food. So we went to Claim Jumper knowing that our options are huge, and everyone would be sastisfied. Sure enough, our expectations were met. We started off with a creamy tortilla soup, fire roasted artichoke, and greens salad with in house made blue cheese dressing. All great, no complaints. Our dishes included tri tip, chicken pot pie, chicken wings, and the small (but no so small) portion of the chicken fried steak. Again, everything was pretty awesome. I did not like the fact that the pot pie came with fruit. Those 2 things don't go together. For dessert we had an apple crumble, an italian lemon cake, and a red velvet cupcake.Nothing stood out like OMG I CAN NOT LIVE WITHOUT THIS. But was everything delish? Yep. Will I return for great food next time someone is in town? Yep. Also, all that food, $102. Truly not bad at all. Service was also great, and our waiter mentioned he'd only been there for 4 days. I never would have know had he not told us. Looking forward to my next time here.
4	Pretty dang good!!  We got an appitizer of the grilled artichoke, I would go back just for that!  It was stupendous!!The tri-tip was good, everyone elses was great, chicken pot pie, chicken wings, chicken fried steak, everyone was happy, happy happy!!  Over all it was a good experience! Staff was attentive, place was clean...
5	We went for dinner here and was very impressed by the decor.  It has a real rustic feel to it, which you'd expect from a place called Claim Jumper. The food was good, portions were enormous and the desert was delicious.  I got the ribs and coconut shrimp with a carrot cake for desert.
4	My sister- in -law's and I wanted to take my mother- in -law out to an early mother's day lunch. Her choice was Claim Jumper! I was excited because I've heard good things about the food. We went on a Saturday around noon and surprisingly it was not that busy. They quickly seated us at a table. I loved the chairs, being a larger girl, I appreciate a large chair with no sides.  The decor was like a large dining lodge. I enjoyed the low lighting and decent choice of music. I did not get a chance to visit the bar, but it looked like an excellent place to check out during happy hour. Our waiter was on point. He quickly took our drink orders and left us to figure out what we wanted to order off of CJ's HUGE menu! ALL the things sounded good, but I ended up choosing the Original Tri-tip Dip sandwich with a side of seasoned fries. OMG was the sandwich good! There was tons of meat on it, as well as, caramelized onions, roasted peppers and smoked gouda on a French roll with au jus. I would go back just for this sandwich. The meat was tender and the onions were perfectly cooked. Dipping it in the au jus just perfected the bite you got.My mother- in- law ordered the famous chicken pot pie with fruit on the side. She said it had a flaky crust. The chicken was moist, and the sauce was the perfect texture. Mom said she really liked it and even enjoyed the fruit that came with it.My one sister-in-law choose the Widow Maker Burger with a side of seasoned fries. Let me tell you this thing was huge! She wasn't sure how she was going to get it in her mouth. It had a thick patty, smoked bacon, hand-battered onion rings, avocado, double-thick cheddar, mayo and red relish. She finished the whole thing! She said she loved it! I could tell she really did. My other sister-in-law had the giant stuffed baker. It was a giant baked potato stuffed with charbroiled chicken, roasted vegetables topped with melted cheddar and jack cheese. Also, a cup of alfredo sauce to drizzle on top. She finished the whole thing as well! She said the chicken was not dry at all and the potato was cook perfectly.To my surprise Claim Jumper was very reasonably priced! The service was excellent. Our waiter even made sure to bring me a cup of the au jus to take home with the other half of my sandwich. I for sure will be coming back and am planning on bringing my husband in for happy hour. Claim Jumper has an amazing variety in their menu that will please everybody from your young child to your grandparents and in between!
3	We went to Claim Jumper in the middle of the week for their happy hour.  The bar area was nice but had a strange sewer smell.  This happens sometimes, so we weren't going to let this ruin our night.  Our server was OK but it was apparent that she was overwhelmed when the host slammed her section with at least 7 tables.  The happy hour prices are good but there were a lot of children seated in the bar area.  They should probably open up happy hour to the entire restaurant to avoid this uncomfortable issue.
5	We had the jalapeno, shrimp and cheese appetizer. I had the Widow burger which was huge and delicious with fries. Hubby had the seafood platter with fries. We took a couple of Red Velvet cup cakes and the Cream cheese pie to go and everything was good. Prices were what you would expect at this type of Restaurant. Can't remember our waiters name but he was tall, big (not fat) white guy  and had the best sounding deep voice. He was very attentive and kept our glasses full. He was awesome!That restaurant has a great ambiance. Classy but not over the top. Go here and eat something.
2	We've been at this particular Claim Jumper almost every time we come to Vegas. On this particular visit service and wait staff person failed miserably! Took a long time to get drinks. We had an 18 month old with us, So one of the first things we asked for was the baby plate so he had something to snack on. Our server totally forgot about it we had to ask somebody else walking by for it after about 25 minutes. Finally the server took our order. When the young men brought our food over they were confused as to who had what and we had to request items that were supposed to come with our meal. Our Server never stopped by to ask if our food was okay or to refill our drinks. The restaurant was not extremely busy and our server had at the most three tables to take care of. Our server Chris, seemed to disappear a lot and was unavailable pretty much the whole time we were there!!!  Sad, but I will definitely think twice before I come back to this Claim Jumper restaurant :(
3	Can a restaurant be any darker inside then this place?  Thought about turning my flashlight app on to help read the menu.  The food is decent and reasonably priced.  Service is friendly.   Need to try the happy hour which looks to be a good value.
3	All food was food except the Mac and cheese was really watery. Manager came over and apologized but didn't remove from our bill. We took one bite each. Not cool!
4	If you go to Claim Jumper, I highly recommend getting the ribeye (medium) with a sweet potato. That there is a mans meal and worth the $27. I have gotten this several times and have always been happy with it. They also have lots of salads that your wife will like.
4	The chicken pot pie is awesome. This is always ordered for our table when we visit. Portions are generous and we've always had good service. I love the ambiance of this restaurant. I like this location more than the one at Town Square. Family friendly and lots of parking. Expect to take home leftovers.
3	Good chain bar/restaurant.  I went there for lunch and had bar apps. Tasty but a little pricey.  I definitely would go here after work for a happy hour or if I need to go somewhere that has a menu that everyone in the family could get something from.
2	What we had:Calamari: heavily breaded with horserashiy cocktail sauce. Not our fav.Chips and salsa: we liked the homemade salsa. A little spicy with chunks of onion. Chips have salt and pepper on them.Mini Caesar salad: galicy and cheesy a bit overly dressed but adequate.Snap dragon Cabernet: spicy and bold. I like it.Mirassou pinot: a bit heavy for a Pinot, fruity , tasty, great finish. John would get it again.We both had the Widow Maker burger: avocado, bacon, lettuce, onion ring, cheddar cheese, extra mayo. It was HUGE. We both liked the burger very much. The fries were cut thin and perfectly crispy.We are both stuffed and feeling a bit ill. To the gym!
2	The wait was 15 minutes long..... we waited with no problem.We were seated and later greeted by our waitress. I asked for water with lemon, and a spicy cilantro margarita.My guy ordered a Stella.Our drinks took at least ten minutes to come.The margarita was awesome.... Worth the wait.Possibly the best margarita that I have ever had.However, the Stella was lacking a little...and not as cold as it should have been.One thing that really WOW'd me, was that they have a "baby" plate. That I had never seen before, or heard of at any other restaurant. And it's complimentary! It comes to the table, covered in saran wrap,  with a stick of cheddar cheese, a slice of turkey, apple sauce, and mini orange slices. Gourmet, no. But very thoughtful. It kept her busy.We ordered a BBQ chicken pizza as an appetizer, along with the shrimp with cream cheese, wrapped in bacon and slathered in BBQ sauce.The pizza comes out, and it is the wrong size. That gets sent back.The shrimp were quite good. I would have liked more cream cheese, and they could have gone a little easier on the BBQ sauce. My water was almost gone... Our waitress walked by us at least four times, and didn't refill it.oh, and did I mention that I was the only one at the table that got water.......? When customers are drinking, aren't you suppose to supply water..? Or do these people not watch Bar Rescue.?One water between the two of us was kind of lame. Between our waitress and the supervisor, they both said that they were "getting our drinks" 3 different times... Geez. THANK GOD IS WASN'T SUMMER.We both ordered another round.My margarita was again, awesome. However, the Stella this time was flat and gross.. The supervisor took it away.The right size pizza comes out, and we munch on that. It was good, like better than Metro Pizza good. Happy with that. Still waiting for water refills.I ordered the Frisco burger, on grilled sourdough, with thousand island and fires.My guy ordered the beef ribs with fried Mac and cheese.When our food finally arrives, I take a bite. Salty.I take a drink of my water (waiting for ice cubes to melt, at this point).I take a second bite to make sure that I'm not too loopy.... Still salty.I pass it off to my guy (who loves salt) to try it. He thinks it's salty too. UGH. The fries were good though. Best fries ever.A bite is taken out of the fried mac and cheese, and it's not hot.I finally am able to flag down our waitress, and we let her know about the unsatisfying food. We take dessert (red velvet cupcakes) to go.This was probably the longest dinner experience I have ever had in my life.The check comes, and even with my over salty burger and the flat, warm beer taken off, our bill is $93. Yes, $93. My guy thought I was joking.Red velvet cupcakes are Ok. Nothing Bundt Cakes has waayy better Red Velvet.Stick to just drinks and appetizers here. Nothing else is worth it.
4	If you've been to one Claim Jumper, you've been to them all. I prefer this one over the Town Square location because it's a little quieter. The portions are huge, and the food is better than most places. And they have WiFi, which is a plus. Only downside is that it gets busy on peak hours, but not much can be done about that.
4	Review update....food still is a good solid decent but i have to give them an extra star for the service. one member of our party had food allergies. our server was very patient to work through a selection. he made a couple trips to the kitchen to confirm with the chef(s) what they could do. dont get me wrong he was very knowledgable of the menu but with food allergies you cant be too careful. a very important thing he did was to not make us feel like a burden because our order process was a little more involved. thanks brandon, keep up the good work!
3	We were greeted by a  friendly hostess and seated promptly.  It was a darker environment and very sparsely occupied.   We were there for a meal with family for a family birthday.  The waiter was very friendly and informative.  Everyone enjoyed their meal and the service.  Personally, i wasn't too hungry so only ordered something a little on the unusual side, very greasy and didn't like too much but everything else seemed alright.  Birthday surprise for the birthday person was a nice gesture too.
4	I live near here and it's a great place to go with friends if you  want to get some good food  with  sizable portions and have a good time. The atmosphere is relaxed and   especially during the week, it's not hard to get a table.  I recommend the house salad. It has cornbread croutons and I promise you, if you are making a face right now, try this salad I bet  you'll want to have it again. This place is great to just kick back and relax.   They have a full bar. The staff is friendly, the lighting is low, and you really  don't feel like you spent a bunch of money when you have left.    There is something for everyone here. From sliders ( YUM) to a full rack of ribs, to a steak even . You name it, they probably have it! I hope you enjoy. This location is great and its  just  a nice down- home kind of place.  You can bring the kids too!
2	One word: Molasses! This location is extremely slow around lunch. I came in with 6 of my co-workers on a Thursday around 11am. There were probably around 2 or 3 tables with people at the time.  We were seated promptly and our orders were taken in a timely matter. It took a little over an hour for our food to arrive, and 2 of the 7 dishes were ice cold. The cashier did remove the items from our bill, which was nice. I don't want to be completely negative, so I will say I ordered the mini chicken artichoke pizza which was extremely tasty. Claim Jumper is fine.. chain food, huge portions. I would just avoid this location during lunch.
5	came by for some happy hour and watch the game. this place is perfect . the place is spacious and friendly staff to serve you. at the bar there is a flat screen to watch the game on. when we arrive and greeted and  sat our self at the bar and right a way a server came and introduce himself and got our drinks and food ready . i got the blonde ale . they brew their own beer. i also had a classic beef sliders and spicy wings . both dish was delicious. i really haven't have anything bad from this place. the happy hour price was nice. it ranges from $2-$8. make sure to check this location out!
2	Bad experience tonight for dinner. We ate there tonight and had bad service, salads and soups came out with main meals after a half hour wait for them. Looked as if some dishes were sitting in the heat lamp for awhile.  This is dinner time. Had to find a manager let alone the server never checked back to see how we were, but after the fact... then she said sorry.  The again is it service or is it Management and Kitchen issues. About 2 months ago we went to the one at Town Square just to have a salad and apps at the bar seating booths. Good service but it was funny, when the other person I was with presented a Landry's Manager card they were running everywhere and then the visits came. We never said nothing but of course he was embarrassed.Here's the facts, it seems as though when these restaurants were once owned independently they had the best going on.  Great structure.  When Landry's takes over places, it is not the worst but it seems to go downhill in quality.  After I told my friend about this he said his company cant retain managers and they treat everyone poorly.  Is that why some have closed as well?People, do not waste your time or money at these places...move on!
3	Here's the deal: I have not been a big fan of this restaurant for a long time. Primarily because it just never struck me as something special and it really isn't. I always remember the food as being just a shrug. Nothing bad, but nothing great either. However, I have been visiting their restaurants lately per request of family and these recent experiences have changed my view of this brand and their food.The last time I dined here, I decided to take a different route and go with a steak. I ordered their Ribeye Steak: hand-cut, boneless USDA Choice, 12oz  ($24.29) with Salt & Pepper Shoestring Fries. To my surprise, the meat was delicious. Tender, grilled perfectly to medium rare, and most importantly, tasty. I was floored. I have spent more money on less steak to have it cooked improperly! I was ecstatic. The fries were unbelievably salty though. It was okay though because I was just so happy about my steak. I also tried some of my fiance's Chicken Pot Pie ($13.29) and I couldn't believe it was better than the one I had at Grand Lux Cafe in September!We also visited this past Thanksgiving with my fiance's parents. I selected the roasted turkey with gravy, stuffing, cranberry relish, baked potato with butter and chives, and roasted vegetables. Again, delicious! The turkey was surprisingly moist, gravy was tasty, the stuffing was also moist, the relish was sweet and added texture to compliment everything else really well, and the carrots, zucchini, red onions, and yellow squash were roasted perfectly! It was truly a wonderful Thanksgiving meal and very, very filling. The apple pie and pumpkin pie offered with the dinner were just okay. Oh, we were also served gigantic dinner rolls were so delicious.Although Claim Jumper won't be one of my first choices for dining out, I can say that I am truly pleased with the food and wouldn't mind returning. I had a hard time deciding on 3 or 4 stars since the food has definitely been a four-star experience, however, the service and over dining experience would warrant three stars (our server couldn't remember anything - our orders, that there was a child in our party, if we paid our bill, etc - it was odd).
5	The family And I enjoy coming during happy hour as they have decent prices on the happy hour menus. Tonight we had extended family over and for 9 of us we only had a 70 dollar tab to include drinks. I am not sure if Claim Jumper managers read these but our server Sean was awesome very attentive. Good food good portions and good service rates the 5 stars
2	Appetizer was garlic toast.  It was overlooked and dried out. The Cobb salad was ordinary and tasteless. Tasted as if it had been made a couple days ago.  The waitress was nice and attentive.  As many restaurants as there are here, there must be a COUPLE better!
4	They have the best Sourdough Soup Bowls! The Potato cheese is delicious. Their burger and fries are pretty good too. And if you love desserts, this place is for you. :)
4	Went in yesterday, with a friend of mine. Service was ok, the server just checked on us a minimal amount. Ordered beef tips, and was very pleased with my choice, but needed a to-go box. Packed up my leftovers, left the packed box of food on the table, and headed to the ladies room and my friend came with me, came out and our table was cleaned off, including my to-go box. Found my waiter who had apologized and offered to make a new smaller portion. Did not have time to wait, so declined. Just irritated that they couldn't wait a few moments to be sure the guests had left before they pitched my stuff. I did appreciate the quick way to resolve the issue though.
3	Husband wanted to go to Claim Jumpers for dinner. It had been a long while since we had been to one. The last one was in Fresno, California and they closed that one down.He ordered Chicken Fried Steak and mashed potatoes. I had the chopped steak and mashed potatoes with cheesy garlic bread. I had a glass of Apple Cider Beer to wash the food down. The Chicken Fried Steak seemed to have shrunk in size from what my husband remembers. His dinner salad had no taste, he said. I had the Caesar salad it wasn't bad. The chopped steak was good, the bread was good. My husband wasn't thrilled with his dinner. Too much batter not enough meat.The waiter wasn't very attentive, though he did let me sample the cider before I ordered it. It just seemed the table next to us got more attention from their waitress. Like bringing the pepper mill for their salad and checking on them. Then we had a long wait on getting the bill.Maybe the Claim Jumper is passed it's time?
2	Well, overall my experience here was not the best. I couldn't wait to leave. They messed up on our order with a party of 2! My wife waited as I ate my dinner. They manager asked if everything was fine and he said good and continued walking thru the next table. Did get a chance to say much. We had 3 different waitresses. The server walked by our table with our appetizers and I had to flag him down.  Maybe it was not my night but next time I wil pass. Our original waitress was nice.
4	I had a really nice waiter and the food were great! The waiter helped me choose an entree by describing what was in it. He made it sound really good and I ended up getting it. Taste magnificent!
4	I like the tuna sandwich and they have a great happy hour.  The service is alittle corporate pushy but overall a fun happy hour spot. The portions are big n the sliders are well made.
3	Every time we go to claimjumpers we leave disappointed.  The food looks like it should taste great, but it's just okay. Tonight my husband's ribeye steak was thin and the meat did not taste like choice meat. My tilapia was soaked in oil. Our margaritas and my son's cheese pizza was the best thing on our table.  Will be a while until we go back.
4	We only come for the happy hours and sit in the bar to eat.  It is a good blend between a large open space, sports on TV and its mellow for families or if you want to be able to talk.  The food is hit or miss as with any chain and some things are better then others or can be generic.  Service is okay, can be a bit spotty sometimes if your at a table  depending on how much the staff is tying to cover but enough people are around that you can flag someone done if needed.
1	Saltiest clam chowder ever!!  Pair that w Caesar salad with salty croutons and you got yourself kidney failure!!! Waitress was clueless and kept asking us if everything was "still wonderful" ??? We had to change the soup cause we couldn't swallow that much salt... Next soup was just as bad! We won't come back!
5	Always love going to claim jumpers! Service is without fail terrific and food always top notch! The portions are huge - I take home enough for another meal every time I go! I highly recommend the shrimp fresco pasta, the south western egg roll appetizer, and the seafood platter (can't think of the name) with two kinds of fish and shrimp. My husband swears by their burgers! Over all a great experience - they never disappoint!
3	There is no better way to describe this place than A-OK. A well deserved 3 stars! Given we had a group of 25, I had fairly low expectations for the service, but they did an excellent job! From the time we sat down to the time we left it was just over two hours, which I think is pretty decent with a group that size! Now beware, the menu is huge. Pages on pages! I had my mind made up three different times and finally when put under some pressure, made a decision. I settled on the Frisco Burger and fries, a swiss cheese burger with thousand island dressing served on grilled parmesan sourdough (like toast, not a bun). It was tasty but nothing special. I actually wish it were served on a bun. If I were to describe my eating pace, I'd say its fairly normal (if I'm not lying, a little quicker than the average) and the bread quickly became soggy. The fries were also nothing special, thinly cut with a good crunch. Again, nothing wrong with the food but I could get a similar burger under ten bucks elsewhere. Overall, everyone in the group seemed content and no problems arose, but I think this is a one and done experience for me.
3	My family and i went in for dinner to celebrate my moms birthday a couple weeks ago (with 2 small kids under 4, mind u). Well so we order, the waiter keeps sayin its coming out soon...every 20 minutes, for almost an hour and a half!!! Seriously for kids mac and chz, kids pizza, tilapia...  u would think we ordered 20 steaks! And anyone who has small kids can empathize with sitting in a restaurant that long. Brutal. Finally my brother calls a manager over, daniel, and he went above and beyond! We just wanted to know why it took so long but daniel took off the kids meals and sent out cake with a candle for mom. And of course many apologies. So thanks to daniel, ive bumped the rating to 3 stars.Side note: i have lunch here often so i get the feeling this is a starter house for servers? If youre in a hurry, eat somewhere else.
3	I love going here with big groups for special occasions! The menu is huge so there's something for everyone. The portions are very filling, you definitely get what you pay for. The food has always been prepared exactly how everyone wants which is impressive with big groups. I gave it 3 stars instead of 5 because there wasn't any wow factor that set it apart from similar restaurants. I would've also liked it better if the rooms were better lit.
4	The food is not bad, love the chicken caesar and the cheese sticks. Managers don't seem to care about the customers but some of the servers are excellent! Jessica a young girl from St. Louis area is amazing. She talks just enough and gets it all done.  She remembers what you like and smiles all the time.  You would never know if she was having a bad day.  We go there mainly for Jessica or Brandon.
3	Came here on a Sunday night. We enjoyed the ambiance. It was a big dining space but at least half full. The service was also good. But the food was just OK. We ordered a white sangria, pretty tasty and very little alcohol -- just the way we like it. We also got a side salad that was fine, but not memorable. The shrimp fresca pasta was extremely buttery but not very salty, and the shrimp were overbreaded. The tenderloin tips were also OK with the beef being a bit chewy. We would probably go to Cheesecake Factory next time we're in the mood for big portions of classic American fare.
1	Terrible service, horrid sliders, waiter couldn't answer simple question asked regarding "what sides come with sliders", had to wait for diet coke as the keg had to be changed, gave waiter our order prior to 5:30p for early bird prices however I watched him take a good 8 mins to enter it in the computer.  Another waiter waited to enter his order and finally walked away.  Our waiter had no people skills, no knowledge, and moved at a turtle's pace.  No condiments on sliders, no garnish and I was not even offered any.  The restaurant was so cold that I put a napkin over my fries to try and keep them warm......didn't work.  Horrid experience!
5	One of my favorite places in Vegas.  I know it's a chain, but the quality of the food doesn't taste like a chain.  The menu is huge!  Everything I've ever had there is terrific.  Normally I sit at the bar, and the bartenders are friendly and very attentive.  Also, the food is very reasonable.  Disappointed they close so early.  They have a great bar.  I'm sure they could do really nicely with a late night crowd.  It's also great for big groups for the variety and it's a big place.
4	I had a ver good experience the server was great I had a rib eye and was happy it came out the right temp not everyone gets that right the desserts are very good but huge make sure you are hungry the ere cart is for big appetites beef ribs pork ribs and chicken very good
5	My family and I came here last night to celebrate a birthday. there were 12 of us and we got the  best customer service, the food was hot when it came out. It was a wonderful experience last night.
3	Decided to get away for Happy Hour here and the atmosphere is always nice. We proceeded to order and everything was to be expected. The buffalo wings are good.  Drinks takes awhile. Some of the happy hour appetizers were not as tasty as their normal appetizers. But we left satisfied. We will be back again for the regular dinner and my cheesecake and coffee just like the good old days!
2	Booooo shame on you your other locations aren't as bad. I've never been a fan but this one just turns me off.  It's always someone who drags me here and I don't know why I don't just speak up and say let's go somewhere else!! Steak- way overcooked, after ordering medium well, unedible on outer layers with aggressive peppering making it way too spicy for no reason except to...hide flavor of meat?? DIdn't eat 1/3 of itVeggies-bland ugh . No I am not on a low sodium diet nor did I expect hospital food. Didn't eat barely anyMy son's pizza...the greasiest oil infested rounded plain dough slapped together like he made it himself. Didn't even eat half of itI like their pies and their potato cheesecakes. I would much rather get appetizers and dessert here always. And even then, can I accept to pay these prices for this?
4	Our party of six arrived promptly for reservation on Friday night and still waited 10 min. To be seated.  Booths are so deep "extra hot" dishes have difficulty being served by staff! Training for this needs to be addressed!  Dim lighting made reading me yes challenging for parties 53 and 75 years of age. Beverages kept filled and foods were prepared to out specifications. Paleo diner found chicken stuffed sweet potato delightful option! Tri tips cooked perfectly to medium well arranged in same overtly salty rich dark gravy/sauce as another beef dish. Mashed potatoes here are simply outstanding! I don't even want to know how much butter is used! Serious yum! Meatloaf fans are happy here! Portions are always abundant! I doubt they sell much of their desert offerings!
4	Great atmosphere. Great food. Service was slow today.
4	This is a chain restaurant.  Huge tables - for those very large parties.Ginormous Bar - They don't mess around here.Giant Portions - You will not go hungry.Hefty Hens - Ever miss turkey with all the fixings?  You can get it here anytime and not just for Thanksgiving.Largely Patriotic - American Food at its best!MOTHERLODE - If you haven't tried it, go for the motherlode chocolate cake a la mode. better yet, go order the whole sliced cake.  It is huge and it is worth it, oh so worth it.GK Says, be sure to go to the Gym the next day and work off this meal. Good ole comfort food.  Not bad at all.
3	I used to love Claim Jumper and rarely ever got to go as a kid.  It was too far from home for a regular dinner outting.  Then I moved to Las Vegas and just sort of forgot about them.  Just the other night, though, my family visiting from California recommended we go.  It was a bit different than I remember.  The food is still, for the most part, enormous.  It is what they are known for.  My step mom ordered fried chicken.  It looked my like a turkey filling up the plate the way it did.  The only food of disappointing size on this occassion was the dinner salad we all ordered.  It was a bit skimpy and sort of soggy even though we all ordered different dressing.  I don't remember the bread with tomato dipping sauce being brought to the table before.  It was alright but sort of forgettable.  It was fluffy which was nice.  But the sauce on top and the sauce on the side were bland.  I had a piece with and a piece without the sauce and could hardly tell the difference.  I'll pass.  There were also some items I don't remember seeing on the menu previously.  And even a few I remember that I did not see anymore.  There was no salad bar and we were told it is because we are in Las Vegas and they cannot compete with the casino buffets when it comes to salad bars.  Interesting.Service the other night was not bad.  Though it is worth noting my grandma ordered fish and chips with no chips but rather a side of fruit instead.  When her meal came, it had fries and no fruit.  We had to ask again for that.  My aunt had to ask for the sweet potato she ordered because it was not brought out either.  Everything else seemed to go off without a hitch.  I had a Widow Maker burger that was crazy good.  It was cooked to a perfect medium the way I like it.  It was topped with onion rings, avocado, bacon, lettuce, tomato and some sort of relish.  It was difficult to eat because of its size.  But it was also delicious.  I was impressed with that.  What I was disappointed in with my overall meal was my iced tea.  It was weak.  It was more like water with food coloring.  The lemon helped to give at least some contrast to an otherwise tasteless beverage.I think I have pretty much fallen out of love with Claim Jumper.  It might as well be just another page in my high school year book that I look back on with fond memories.  I am moving on.
3	If you can wait for the waitress, your drinks, the appetizer, the main course, and the check its a pretty good meal.  If you are one that likes great service don't look for it here.
2	Went there today with my hubby for his bday dinner. We dont get out much alone without the toddler. We paid a bbsitter 15$ an hour to celebrate. Anyway, all in all it was a lousy atmosphere, terrible service & average food. Wont go again.
3	Pretty standard american fare.  Not spectacular.  Not terrible. If you want a good meal with ok service, this is a fine place.
2	Went for happy hour, sat in the bar, it took forever! Service was so so. He was very flamboyant, but not expedient. It may have been the kitchen slowing him? The place NEEDED DUSTING BADLY! Calimari was so limp. Pizza doughy. Zucchini excellent!
5	It's Claim Jumper.....they have a huge menu with ton's of different types of foods to choose from. A little pricey but the serving sizes are worth the cost. Esp. their desserts! They have a cool Happy Hour menu in their bar area and/or patio. I'm kinda bummed they got rid of their lobster tails. Never had any issues with customer service here. There is more the one location in town. I've been to all 3 so far. Definitely a place worth checking out!
4	Went there on 10/25/14 and great service. There cheese bread was very tasty. I had the BBQ chicken salad. Very good. The right size. My friend had the chicken pot pie and only said good things about it. The fried zucchini was delicious.
5	Awesome food I had the Tri-tip steak with grilled shrimp and baked potato. Absolutely delicious the grilled shrimp were a nice size , the steak was tender and the glace sauce divine. My baked sweet potato was so huge I could have shared it with two others LOL. And the spiced butter complimented the sweet potato nicely. I highly recommend Claim Jumpers their prices are a bit high but worth every dollar. Our waiter was very courteous and attentive. The atmosphere reminds you of a cozy cabin type restaurant in the mountains. It has chairs that look like they were cut from logs and the booths are very spacious too. I highly recommend you give this place a try.
4	I have ate here a few times and have always been satisfied with my meal, I tend to stick with what I like so I ordered the chop steak and chicken tortilla soup. This visit was the day they gave vets free meals so my husband and I went because he is a Vet, we ended up waiting over an hour because the place was packed with people there to eat. When it was finally our time to sit and eat the waitress thank us for our patience which was nice. We ordered our food and they brought out this garlic cheese loaf that tasted amazing, the last time we were there they had the sun dried tomato one which is also very tasty. We waiting a lot longer than normal for our food but the nice waitress we had thanked us again for our patience and brought us out another loaf of bread to nibble on while we waited for our food. The have a clam chowder soup my husband gets and he says it's the best he has had. My husband got the talipia plate and he enjoyed his food he said it was seasoned and cooked to perfection. My chopped steak was disappointing for the first time, it was way over cooked and was a little burnt on the bottom i ate it because i didn't want to have to wait for a new one and also i was appreciative of what they were doing for the vets. I will visit again becasue i think they were just having trouble keeping up due to the volume of people there. When we finished our meal the waitress brought us our bill for my food the drinks and my husbands soup and thanked him for his service which was very nice. The thing that always is the same when we dine here is the amazing customer svc and the quality of food minus mine for this meal.
1	Thanksgiving Dinner was very disappointing! We watched two "couples" sit down, order, eat and leave, in the time we ordered and got our food. We all had the turkey, but yet, they told us, the had to cook more. We waited an extra half hour for our food, our total was over $75, and they gave us a "sorry card" for $10 off our NEXT meal. Thanks, that doesn't help our wait and full priced meal!
1	We come here often for happy hour and today we ordered potato skins which were cold in the middle.  We told them this and they took them away and a few minutes later they bring the SAME ones back as the half eaten one was still there.My friend immediately went to the manager as this was unacceptable and there was cheese dripping out of the one which could have touched anything.. VERY unsanitary!  The manager then stated she would get fresh ones out right away.When we asked for the check we asked if they are taking the skins off for us and the new bartender said "I'll get the manager to come talk to you about this."  As a manager myself that is the worst thing a guest can hear.  After having to send our food back twice I think the last thing they can do is remove the charge for this item.  The manager finally came over and said "oh yes I was going to take these off I was just going to tell you".Probably won't be back..
3	This place used to be awesome before the big corporate dog and pony show took it over. And then it went downhill. Now they're bringing their food menu is back to where it used to be (which is good), but the service hasn't improved. 25 minutes for drinks in a half full restaurant. Yikes!! Still like it tho. When I got on yelp, I planned on giving it 3 stars, which is exactly where it is now. Perfect!
4	Overall, great food. Very pleased with service. Don't go here if you're in a rush, pretty slow. We had Sarah as a waitress, she was very nice.
4	Service was good. I ordered the rostterie chicken with mac and cheese, but there was no cheese in their mac and cheese. Complimentary bread was awesome.
2	I've been to this location a couple of times and both experience was pretty good.  The serving of the food was pretty big which is great because it fit the price. The service has always been quite stellar, our server was always pretty great. The food, I would have to say is very good EVERY TIME.  Always up to a high standard.  Today, however, was a whole 'nother experience. We came in with a party of 8 (technically we asked for a table for 7, plus a high chair for my baby nephew) and we asked if their happy hour was still going on.  We were informed that it was and it was a self-serve area by the bar.  So we just put two tables together and no biggie.  When we walked in the waitress, Olivia, assisted in putting together the tables.  Keep in mind, we only came in here because Cheesecake Factory had a long wait time and we wanted some desserts ONLY. Also, we came in a whole HOUR before the place closed.Nevertheless, we sat down and we became interested in their happy hour menu which was advertised, not only in their website,  but also all over their tables.  So we decided to add some appetizers to our order.  After ordering, we were informed that the Happy Hour prices are no longer valid, despite the fact that it's clearly stated on ALL their tables and we got a happy hour menu.  She said they just changed the policy that day.  And that the advertised Happy Hour is only valid during the REGULAR Football Season.  Is she stupid?  The REGULAR season is not over until the SUPER BOWL!!!! Uhm, OKAY.  So we placed our orders still and I went to check with the hostess, she got the manager and I spoke to her and she informed us that she will honor the happy hour prices.  Once we got our order, my sister accidentally spilled a bit of blue cheese in her coffee.  When I asked the waitress for a new cup, she ignored me.  When I asked for an extra bread for my nephew, who wanted more bread, she looked at me with an incredulous expression and paused to say, "uhm, yeah...okay."  She comes back to refill my coffee (without any spoons distributed to us, AT ALL) and proceeded to refill my sister's drink SEEING that there's white stuff floating all over it.  This whole time, she would go back forth to the bar and whisper with the bartender and they would roll their eyes.  As she poured that coffee, I was astounded at her stupidity and her laziness.  I was just staring at her hoping she would notice and it would click that she should get a new cup.  NOTHING! She avoided eye contact with me and had this stupid smirk on her face like she's mocking us.  WHAT THE HELL!? I understand that she may be having a bad day, but proper customer service should still be practiced to keep professionalism intact.  Unfortunately, she had neither professionalism nor proper customer service etiquette.  I once again asked for the Manager and she could not even do anything but serve us the remainder of our order, in which time, my sister walked out because she couldn't take it anymore.  I have seen a lot of bad customer service in my time, but this has got to be the worst I have ever seen.  She should not be a waitress if she does not like having to wait on others.  It's absurd! It's insulting! And most importantly, it's unacceptable!! This will definitely not be the end of it.  We're great tippers as people who has worked previously in the service industry.  We know the value of a good service and we pay good money when we receive it.  But that service that we received did not even warrant a single penny.  They're lucky my brother in law is still very generous and still left a tip.  I cannot  believe that experience.  For a company that is under Landry's Inc., who claim that they are the leader in Dining and Hospitality, this kind of service is truly unacceptable.  It's abhorrent and just plain idiocy to have those kinds of servers employed at such a facility.  I will not go back to this location EVER.  Lastly, the hostess, provided better customer service and professionalism that the manager and the two servers we came across during this visit.  WHAT A HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE! They totally ruined my sister's 17 years anniversary with her husband!
