5	OMG OMG OMG.  It's finally open.  The Triforce of Target, Trader Joe's, and Whole Foods is finally complete and I can now go defeat Ganon and rescue Princess Zelda.While I love the organic food at whole paycheck, I just afford to shop there all the time.  That's where Trader Joe's comes in.  Affordable, High Quality Organic food, along with the best frozen meals you could ever want.
5	i painfully missed san francisco for months, but then trader joe's moved in. i LOVE this store. honestly, what would i do without it besides spend far more on restaurant food that sometimes really doesn't taste as good. or spending even MORE at whole foods than i would going out. while some stuff here is just weird and doesn't offer more than novelty appeal, the vast majority offers incredible taste, convenience, and value. now if they could just sell wine...
5	I honestly do love Trader Joes because of the variety of people that patronize and work there.  I think the prices are decent, and since I am a vegetarian and try to live a healthy lifestyle, I generally am happy with Trader Joe's.  I wish it actually provided most of the things you need for everyday life (because we all know chocolate covered toffee isn't a necessity).  Other than that I am happy.
4	I expected moving to Pittsburgh from the Bay Area would be a bit of a food culture shock, but lo and behold, my apartment sits smack in between a food coop and Trader Joe's. I love Trader Joe's. True, it doesn't have a huge produce selection, nor is it especially good for your basic loaf of wheat bread, but if you ever need frozen fruit, no salt peanut butter, lemon parpardelle, or flaxseed chips, you're in luck! And there's always fresh hot coffee and a little tester waiting for you in the back of the store. Everyone has their favorite Trader Joe's fare; mine consists of pumpkin butter, frozen edamame, low sugar jam, and pizza dough. I don't know what I'd do without them!
5	All I could hear in my head was, "HaaaAAAAAaaaallelujah! HaaaAAAAAaaaallelujah!" when I walked through TJ's doors on opening day. High quality food, fair prices, and friendly staff. And they are always giving out samples.The only thing I can lament about is not being able to buy Two Buck Chuck. I can't even mail order it. Yet I can get a six-pack to go from any bar in town... gotta love antiquated Pennsylvania law.
5	Before a big move, most people check out the quality of schools, housing market, and overall affordability of the area . However, before I accepted my current job and moved 500 miles to Pittsburgh, I did what any self-respecting twenty-something non-profit working dork would do: make sure I'd be in close proximity to the glory that is Trader Joe's. I work in the arts, so I'm not exactly raking in the cash, but that doesn't mean I can't eat well. High quality food, low prices, excellent produce, and fantastic frozen entree/appetizer section. I'm not a gourmet chef, but if I ever have a cocktail party and want to fool people into thinking I am, I'm coming straight to TJ's (I always drool over the spanakopita and mini quiches). The dark chocolate covered espresso beans are my go-to treat.Also, unlike Whole Foods up the street, the parking lot here is not a nightmare, and free samples are always available.
5	oh, man. just: oh, man. the best.i've been to countless trader joe'ses in my time, and i love them, one and all.trufax: there is always at least one prius in the tj's parking lot. the max i've ever spotted was five at one time.
4	I gotta love the East Liberty section of Pittsburgh.  Part 'hood, part not, like on Center Avenue and Baum Boulevard.  So on the border of East Liberty and Shadyside sits Trader Joe's.  I'll admit to never having tried Trader Joe's before today.  My husband Rick and I generally shop in the Strip Distrcit for meats and produce and at Giant Eagle for everything else.  But we wanted to try something different today.  We found that Trader Joe's was far less pretentious and somewhat cheaper than Whole Foods.Trader Joe's does sell a lot of different foods from all over, but one thing I like is that they sell a lot of locally-sourced foods too.  We found a lot of local meats and fruits and vegetables, just like we would have in the Strip District.
2	Like this grocery but it's definitely not as helpful as it could be. Annoying that veggies are often in bulk bags or lots of packaging. Pricey produce sometimes better than Whole Foods and sometimes worse. Mostly seems like a grocery for people who don't do very much cooking- lots of ready to eat meals and frozen meals.Still, it is a nice alternative to Whole Foods. Sometimes things are cheaper. It'd be nice if there was a place to sit and eat since there are so many already made things available for purchase. Store has a bell system for communication among staff that's entertaining. Staff seem helpful and are usually talkative. I go because it's close to where I live but otherwise would probably direct my shopping towards a place where I could get all of what I need in one trip even if it's a little more costly.
5	I would GLADLY trade one of my beloved Wegmans for ONE Trader Joe's SOMEWHERE in Upstate NY.  Fresh produce, fresh prepared foods, fresh music (not really).Products are always inventive and current.  The employees always SEEM to be enjoying what their doing.  It's a great place to buy cupboard staples.  I love their huge jug of balsamic vinegar. I also love their plant selection.The locations that are allowed to sell beer and/or wine are even better, I think!  (Sorry Pennsyl-tucky. :o/ )  Trader Joe's makes me so happy I can't even begin to type what I love about it.  It's overwhelming.  You just have to experience it for yourself.
5	Trader Joe's is excellent.  They are a money suck in the same way that Target is - I go in thinking "I need a bag of onions and those peanut butter dog biscuits and that's it", and I somehow spent $60 and come out with 4 huge bags of everything under the sun.  Everything just looks so good.  The packaging is pretty, the ethnic foods are all intriguing, and there are so many things you just have to have.I will admit that the produce section is not great, since almost everything is packaged in bulk.  But Trader Joe's produce (specifically the onions and potatoes) seem to stay good a lot longer than Giant Eagle's.  And a lot of things are cheaper here than Giant Eagle - milk, the Indian boil-in-a-bag lunches (love those), the aforementioned dog biscuits (Rosa loves those), tofu, olive oil.  There are also a lot of dishes you won't find at Giant Eagle, especially in the frozen foods section.  Trader Joe's offers a ton of vegetarian convenience foods, something that Giant Eagle is lacking.  Burritos, single servings of eggplant parmesan, vegetable biryani, spanikopita... it's all here, along with soy ice cream and mochi and $7 tiramisu.  I'm pretty sure Olive Garden charges $5 per slice of tiramisu; come here and get a whole cake for $7!And there are always new products coming - just look at the Fearless Flyer. It's funny and makes you want to buy everything advertised in it.The staff is friendly, the prices are pretty reasonable for the quality of the merchandise, the store is never too full and they give away free samples.  What's not to love?
5	For folks from other cities, it's like a normal Trader Joe's, except with easy parking, lightning fast checkout times, and a healthy crowd in the store instead of being painfully jam-packed.For folks from Pittsburgh, it's a grocery store that only sells one brand of generics; that brand is Trader Joe's.  They don't stock everything, as some things, they couldn't get generically relabeled to their store brand.  They do stock a really wide array of out of the ordinary stuff, though.The most awesome selection of dried fruit/nuts/etc anywhere, and also at the best price.  Great selection of frozen fish and vegetables, also at a great price.  Best price on cut flowers in the city.  Tasty hummus.  Mediocre tabouleh.They're so-so on produce, and know it.  I'm alright with that, as they carry the basics, and this is my store for dry/frozen goods, mostly.
3	I recently moved to Pittsburgh and this is the first city I have lived in where I had an accessible Trader Joe's.I have had a hard time finding a good reason to frequent the place.  They have decent (although not unbeatable) prices on organic staples (Eggs, Milk, Cheese, Butter, Yogurt, etc).  Dry good (Flour, Oats, Beans, Spices etc) selection is poor and I am kind of miffed as to why they don't try going the bulk route with dry goods.  Produce is seasonal (they don't have everything all the time) but the prices are good.  They do, however, have an excellent dried fruits and nuts section.That said, others might find a couple key/quirky items here that they find they can't live without.  I don't quite work that way and I don't eat many frozen foods, so I find myself here from time to time but more often at Giant Eagle Market District, Whole Foods or in the Strip.
4	Excellent place to buy snack foods, frozen meals, delicious frozen desserts, and a generally healthy food. Compared to the California Trader Joe's, I miss the wide selection of beer and wine and the cheap liquor, but that's a problem with Pennsylvania in general and not with Trader Joe's. I've also felt that the cashiers at this location were not as friendly as the ones I remember from California.
4	Living out west I was exposed to TJ's. Quickly I began to realize that there are certain sundry items that one can only get at a TJ. i.e. Certain secret sauces of the orient. 2 lb bars of dark Belgian chocolate! ... Be sure to try their nuts and dried fruit! Better most any other place in Pittsburgh...nuts just seem to have that California freshness. As far as TJ's go this one is below average compare to those out west. But hey it is still TJ's. Although some of the employees here are quirky and cool and there is always some fresh brew in the back (coffee - don't get to excited this is still PA). No doubt, Pittsburgh without TJ's would be just a bit more overcast. Oh and see if you can figure out what's with the bells?
4	I love this place to buy my cheese, bread, fruit, and nuts. They have a great selection, and an awesome variety.
4	I'm a huge fan of TJ! So much so that I drive all the way from Greensburg to stock up on things. The employees are friendly and fun and seem to like their jobs. I find it much less overwhelming than Whole Foods and I appreciate that it is smaller with a limited assortment of high quality private label items. Make sure  you check sell by dates though!  I love the garlic hummus, whole grain pita chips, buffalo burgers, almond snack packs, coffee, cheese, frozen bell pepper blend, hemp protein powder and breads. It's a lot like Aldi in many ways BUT with organic healthy foods. I like that it doesn't take an entire pay check to feed my family unlike other grocery stores.ALSO...be sure to check out the very bright nautical themed bathrooms.
3	Can it really be called Trader Joe's without 2 Buck Chuck?   I understand that Pennsylvania has different liquor laws, but I REALLY miss my cheap Trader Joe's wine.As a native Californian, I was overjoyed to find there was a Trader Joe's in Pittsburgh.  It feels like a little slice of home to walk in and find some of the same products that I'm used to on the West Coast.  The prepared food section is not as extensive as the ones that I'm used to, which is a bit of a bummer.  I also found the produce to be not so great.  Not the most fabulous location that I have ever been to, but it will definitely fill my TJs void during my less than short stint in Pittsburgh.
4	Friendly and helpful staff, great location, great food.  It's a good alternative to Wholefoods, that's for sure.  Very reasonably priced.
4	The best way to describe Trader Joe's is Whole Foods but way, way cheaper. Easy parking and lots of great stuff. I could spend hours there. This location is a lot smaller compared to other ones I've been to.
4	The Mango & Cream Bars and the Chile Spiced Mangos rock my world. Thank you for bringing them into my life.
5	I have no beef with TJs, just one thing though, better produce!
3	Love it!! Things are so reasonably priced compared to Whole Foods and Giant Eagle Market District. 2 gripes - TJ's lacks the variety of its competitors and the produce isn't always fresh. Make that 3 - check out lines are always loooong.
4	Most creative frozen prepared foods available. They make great starting platforms for family and even company dinners. Friendly staff and good prices. And you can easily park.
5	I think I would die without TJs. It's not quite cheap, but it's the least expensive way to eat healthy (fresh, no chemicals and preservatives, etc.). I do the bulk of my grocery shopping here and save Whole Foods for the harder to find items. I eat a high protein, starchless pescetarian diet, the bulk of which is made up of vegetables and fruit. It can be a big challenge to find suitable food in today's supermarkets, but TJs always comes through.Awesome products include--roasted garlic hummus, trio hummus (the spicy cilantro one at the bottom is the best), low-carb whole wheat tortillas (10g carbs, 7 of which are fiber), bagged salad greens (romaine and baby lettuce), fat free feta, sliced baby bella mushrooms, Tuscan Italian dressing (everyone I've shared it with agrees it's to-die-for), roasted almonds, omega-3 eggs, decently-priced tilapia fillets, etc. My favorite product by far is the Greek yogurt, which is a lifesaver-- it's similar to Fage yogurt, which is high in protein and low in sugar but very expensive. The TJs brand is much cheaper and it's even higher in protein and lower in sugar than Fage. My only wish is that they sold a larger container to save money.Only problems--they are often out of stock in things, which can become something of a culinary disaster for me at times. Their produce is definitely not always fresh-- just today I looked through a stack of strawberry cartons full of mold before I found a fresh one. Just be careful and always check before you buy. And yeah, I have to agree with all the other reviewers in saying that I long for a bottle of two buck chuck. Just thinking about it missing from my life (lost in a sea of inappropriately expensive state stores) gets me kind of worked up, so I'll just leave it there.
5	I have one complaint about TJ's and I've heard it from other shoppers too, please put one in the south hills. Sometimes Joe D. likes to stay home and create a meal, kick off my shoes and eat in front of the tube and just get lost in a movie. After a few hours at Trader Joe's I do get inspired. Today I found myself trying some new items, grilled chicken burgers, chili and lime chicken burgers, mahi mahi burgers (Joe D loves burgers!) and Latin black bean soup. I also bought green figs that were on sale and a little goat cheese for dessert. Other items I always have in my pantry are TJ's red curry sauce, chili lime cashews, a bevy of frozen vegetables, peanut satay sauce, and a few bottles of Tj's olive oils like the Spanish (tangy and peppery) and kalamata (fruity and full bodied) evoo. Also I keep on hand a few varieties of TJ's coffee like the dark roast and the diner roast. So tonight I had my mouth watering for a chicken burger. I bought a package of whole grain burger buns and Dijon mustard. I fried up the burger according to directions and slapped a slice of good ol' American cheese on it and chowed down. It was moist and juicy and tasted like it was right off a charcoal grill. For dessert I halved 3 of the figs and put a few crumbles of the goat cheese on them, drizzled them with honey and savored them with a hot cup of dark roast coffee. Try to duplicate that at Micky d's. Try shopping here, you'll love the prices and variety.
4	Different layout than my usual California store, but the same products as all other Trader Joe's. There was a kind checker who gave us lots of Halloween stickers for the kids. Like every Trader Joe's I've ever been to, parking is crazy and people act like nuts in the parking lot. Staff were helpful. I was sad they were out of the Spicy Thai Chicken Salad, it is the best salad there. At least they had buffalo jerky and mochi ice cream.
4	We do the bulk of our grocery shopping here because of their low prices, but sometimes have to supplement with a trip to big ig for specialty foods joe's lacks. Produce is much cheaper than ig's, but careful what you buy - I've bought peppers that were rotten a day later and avocados that turned out to be hard as a rock. Like the people there even though they guilt trip me every time I forget my reusable bags.
4	I love shopping at Trader Joe's--they have awesome, (for the most part) healthy groceries at good prices.  The parking lot (and aisles) can get a little crazy but it's worth it for the selection they have.I just wish they had wine!  Stupid PA liquor laws. :(
5	Trader Joe is my boyfriend.  Don't tell my other boyfriend.  It started out as a small harmless affair, but now I visit TJ a few times a week, coming home from work late.  My boyfriend doesn't even need to ask "where have you been?"  The paper bags in my hands, bulging with deliciousness, give me away every time.I see no reason why people hate on Trader Joe's.  I mean - "waaah, less selection than a real grocery store...." - duh, people.  This is not a Giant Eagle (thank god.)  This is not to meant to have every single thing ever.  BUT - nearly every single thing they do have is incredible, delicious, well-priced, and made from natural ingredients.  I do as much of my shopping here as possible - and if you really look, you can find almost anything you need.I've hardly had something here I didn't love.  Holy crap, where do I begin.  Mango sorbet, their holiday peppermint/cookies and cream ice cream, plantain chips, peanut butter filled pretzels, inexpensive dried fruit/nuts (WAY cheaper than any other store), totally affordable gourmet cheese, Joe's Os, 99 cent pasta, amazing frozen entrees, strawberry licorice, cheap produce (yes, small selection, but it is inexpensive so it all works out), surprisingly good meat selection, ginger beer, raspberry fruit spread, great prices on staples (diced tomatoes, coconut milk, flour, sugar), flavorful pasta sauce, tasty teas (jasmine green is my favorite), and a million other delicious things.I want to eat the whole store.  Except the pet food.It is TRAGIC that PA's idiotic liquor laws don't allow this TJs to sell wine and beer.  You do not know what you're missing.  The wine section at my old TJ's in Chicago was the absolute bomb.  Bottles under $10 as far as the eye can see.  If PA got it's act together, this Trader Joe's could achieve an even higher level of perfection.The lines aren't even that long.  Seriously people - go to a TJ's in a big city like Chicago - that's a bad line.  This store moves pretty swiftly.  Employees are friendly (dare I say perky) and always helpful - maybe because TJ's pays them a very high wage (relative to other grocery store employees) and provides benefits.  It's a great business to support.TJ's forever, I will always love you.  No other store can compare.
4	Love it...well I like it better than the rest of the grocery stores in the area and when you take that into consideration it equates to love.  Although I'm not the biggest grocery shopping fan, I don't mind going to Trader Joe's.  I enjoy the food selection and the fact that I don't have to sell my first born (if I had children) to buy fruits and vegetables is always a plus.  So far what I've tried there I've enjoyed.  I especially like their prepared sauces (pizza sauce, general tso sauce, teriyaki sauce, etc.) because their are affordable, not super bad for you and taste great.  Overall, I prefer to shop here rather than Giant Eagle.  The selection at Trader Joe's is limited, but I think you can find most of what you need to satisfy various cravings.
3	Trader Joes has some of the best unique items not found anywhere else. Chili lime cashews and pear salad dressing in-cre-di-ble on my special salads. I used to love the pad thai noodle bowls, and specially packaged chicken breasts for one. The problem is that so many special trips made for these items and they would never be there!! Well, the noodle bowls and chicken. Often I would have to make several stops at separate locations to get all the things on my shopping list. Dang! I don't have that kind of time. I used to get the pre-packaged salads but on a couple of occasions bit into somethiing tendony in the salads with chicken, which are most of them. After that I lost my appetite for the salads. One of the hugest staples that I pick up at the store. Thinking about it now... Gross and never again. Slowly I have fazed out Trader Joes to once every couple of months.  I cook a lot from scratch and need a variety of ingredients they don't carry. I need to stop more often and try new things. Yay for coming to Pittsburgh!
4	I decided to make an afternoon run for my weekly lunches and certain items I missed last time I was there. I was rushed on my last visit but on a Monday at 11am I was able to take my time and really look. I planned to stop at East End Coop afterward if there was anything else I needed.Goldmine! I found so many new salads, lemon chicken with apple, blue cheese walnut, spicy sesame chicken noodle, peanut ginger noodle, single serving spinach lasagna, 2 different Indian dishes, hummus with the salt pita chips, salt and vinegar chips, Omega 3 trail mix packets, plums, kiwi, and the score wasabi peas for 2.99. Giant eagle has them for $6. The ginger peanut noodle was not good. Weird bland chalky aftertaste everything else so far has been enjoyable.I also got all my weekly essentials, veggie mix, eggs, milk, cherry juice, and brown rice! I have lunch and dinner for over a week with snacks for around $70. So I'll be grinding up those wasabi peas while my eyes water and my nose runs! The display of orchids set a nice mood for the shopping. Don't forget your reusable bags!Note, they still don't have my pad thai noodle bowls or chicken breasts but found new items to replace them and I'm still hopeful! Plus no 2nd stop was needed.
4	Love to go here when we can.  Made a recent visit for the first time in a long time.  I really wish there was one in westmoreland county...I'd be one happy girl! The best prices Ive come across grocery shopping in a while.  I spent just under 15$ on a nice selection of items, and they were healthy items too. Can't find prices like that at giant eagle .  Oh, and the best hummus!
4	I love Trader Joe's!One problem that I have experienced with this particular store is that the flowers die really quickly (as in the same day that we bought them) and each week they are out of things that they had the week before (I'm talking to you bacon wrapped mahi mahi). Overall though I really like the selection of frozen marinated fish (soy ginger cod) and the teeny tiny potatoes which can be used in many different applications!  I tend to need to supplement what I buy here with stuff from the regular supermarket, but I like some of their things so much that I do make the extra trip!
4	This Trader Joes is a bit smaller than other ones that I have frequented in the past.  They are good for some staples but not for a general grocery shopping trip.  My caveat for TJ's is the amount of salt that they have in almost all of their frozen and prepared foods.  Still you can't beat their prices.
4	Great store, but it does get PACKED on the weekends.
3	Definitely not the best Trader Joe's. Upon arriving, I noticed lots of trash on the ground outside. Inside, it was hectic, just like other Trader Joe's, but it felt crazier, crying babies and parents yelling at kids. I bought a chicken caesar wrap that was terrible, mostly consisting of cheese. The prepackaged food was fine, and the prices were like other TJs.
4	Trader Joe's is my favorite place to shop in Pittsburgh.  The prices are reasonable, the quality is excellent, and there's all kinds of great products that are unique and marvelous.My biggest complaint is that sometimes I will really enjoy one of their products, and then it gets discontinued.
5	I've visited a few different Trader Joe's on occasion for fresh flowers.  But I only recently discovered what a great place it is for my semiannual grocery shopping.  It's well worth the 30 minute drive from Cranberry Twp.Some of the things we love is the whole wheat pizza dough.  Makes creating a fantastic pizza a whole lot easier.  They have a nice selection of breads and convenience foods.  And love, love, love the bar-be-que pulled pork.  We need to try more of the fresh items.  Give us time.  They have a great selection of pre-chopped veggies and bags of salad.  We really like the teeny potatoes.  They are really quick and easy to roast up in the oven with some EVOO and garlic.  They also have some great frozen foods.  We like the asparagus risotto and the butternut squash risotto.  Our latest find is the rustic roasted vegetables.  So yummy.  And saves a lot of time in the kitchen.  We always like to get their soups, too.  Organic.  Low sodium.  Good price.  Yay!  The store is small, but it's got everything you really need.  Also, the customer service is amazing.  As I stagger along, grocery list in hand, their employees can easily identify me as lost and confused.  And they always rush in, and lead me in the right direction to find what I need.  My only wish is that there would be a Trader Joe's coming to Cranberry. Twp.  Soon.  Please!
5	This store is right by my gym, so I am always stopping by. The staff is super friendly. This is very important to me and my grocery shopping experience. That's why I don't go to GE if I can avoid it and when I do, I go to the self-checkouts. Once the icecream I wanted was out in the freezer and turned out it just arrived to the store in trucks. The store associate rummaged through the inventory at the back and got me my icecream. The store has a few great TJ's products that are near life changing - tarte d'champignon (mushroom, cheese tarte)- chipotle hummus- mozzarella wrapped in proscuitto- flourless chocolate cake - Just mango- Granola and the 3 berries (my breakfast staple)- Blueberry muesli (another breakfast staple)- Gummy vitamins (yep!)- $3.99 flowers!
3	I mean if you are into the organic and green thing, then this place is for you.  In my opinion, I found much greater satisfaction going to the Whole Foods Market down the street, but this place is pretty neat too.  They had a place in the back where they were offering samples and stuff, but if I was comparing it to WFM, I would have to complain that Trader Joe's doesnt offer many other brands besides their own.  So, if you are coming here expect to buy the Trader Joe's brand.
4	Typical TJs, therefore 4 stars.  Always seems to be busy here.  Great offerings of prepared frozen foods.  Most of the items are excellent, including but not limited:  to the mini tacos; wild mushroom pizza; 4 cheese pizza; chocolate chip ice cream cookies; maple sandwich cookies; fettuccine with mushrooms, pasta arrabbiata; and many more.
4	I feel like I just had a come to Jesus moment with Trader Joe's.  My come to Trader Joe's moment has arrived!!!!Why have I been wasting all this time and money at Giant Eagle for so many years?  I know why... because it was easy and I was lazy.  Does Trader Joe's have absolutely everything I need to pick up in one grocery trip?  No.  But did I save probably HALF of what I would have spent at GE?  YES!  Seriously, I just kept walking down the aisles picking up my regular items (Almond Milk, Grapefruit, Chicken, Turkey) and silently chanting screw Giant Eagle!  These items were so so cheap!Even things like the environment was different.  The workers seemed happy, which means it must be a pretty healthy work environment.  The people were nicer in the aisles, I swear to you!  The store also had a really great prepared foods section, which I'd heard rumors of, but will experience myself when I make my delicious polenta and veggies pre-made meal.  I know I won't be able to completely avoid Giant Eagle for potentially hard to find items or perhaps something I need to run in and get if I'm close, but for a weekly grocery trip, I'm sold on you Trader Joes!
3	I'm on the fence about Trader Joe's. On one hand, they have AMAZING packaged goods. Well, they can be hit or miss, but once I find something I like, I get addicted and have to stock up every time I come. Some of my favorites are the truffle flatbread, sweet potato frites, stuffed mushrooms, fresh salsa, carbonara ravioli...and I'm always discovering new things that I need to take home with me (and thus, end up spending way more money than I mean to here). They also have an immense selection of dried fruits, nuts, and juices, so I always get these when I come as well. And their meat and cheeses are cheaper than Giant Eagle with a decent selection. The sample counter is also a great pitstop on your shopping trip. They usually have food, drink, and coffee or tea available. I always get hungry when I grocery shop (who doesn't, seriously) so I'm a big fan of this.The negative? While Trader Joe's prices are super cheap, the produce is often not very fresh. You're usually okay with things that last awhile, like apples or citrus fruits, but in general I find that I cannot buy all the fruits and veggies I want here. On my last shopping trip, I got lemons, grapefruit, and presliced cantaloupe (that turned out to be underripe...boo), but I couldn't get tomatoes (looked old) or berries and grapes (moldy). I especially stay away from the bagged salad greens, since I've had lots of bad experiences with them. The loaves of bread here are not very good either...I recently bought some sourdough that tasted like plain white bread and I am struggling to finish it. This is one thing that I think Giant Eagle does best of all the grocery stores in town, actually. I feel like maybe TJ's doesn't bake their own bread in house, but I have no idea if that's true. All I know is it usually isn't very good.So yeah...love all their unique Trader Joe's items and low prices, but if their produce was better, I would shop here WAY more often (and give it 5 stars!).
5	I'm such a big fan of Trader Joe's that when I moved to Pittsburgh, I actually looked it up on Google maps.  AND I even took it into consideration when renting my apartment my first year here!  Organic Mango Passion Granola cereal, Mascarpone cream, Kettle Corn, Mochi ice cream, Banana chips, Orange Chicken--there's so much good stuff here.  It can get crazy busy on the weekend afternoons, so avoid those times (unless the Steelers are playing).  One of my friends in Pittsburgh keeps a blog, "What's Good at Trader Joe's."  http://www.whatsgoodattraderjoes.com/  Check it out for ideas of new foods to try.
4	I love shopping here. They really put a lot of work into bringing Pittsburgh into the store. There's bridges having from the ceiling, the incline and a huge painting of Phipps Conservatory. The employess are helpful and kind. Great selection of products and much cheaper than Whole Foods. It can be a bit too busy and crowded. I think it's time to open more Trader Joe's in the Pittsburgh area.
5	Gosh (yeah I said gosh)! I love this place. Stop buying produce at the grocery store because this place is so inexpensive. Actually, I'm pretty sure Trader Joe's has made a deal with the devil...a really, really, good deal. Food is priced to sell. Meat is still priced similar to its competitors, but is all top choice. Veggies are so darn cheap (yeah, I said "so darn")! Their brands easily surpass any off brand in flavor and selection (their salsa is so good it's stupid).The service: Perfection! (Can't really say more) The attitude of the staff is all about making your shopping experience better. In a long line? Nope...one will open within seconds. Piss poor attitudes? Nope...a freaking smile on every employee (don't know how they do it).This will become your new shopping center!
5	The common man's whole foods?  Perhaps.  I love it here and I can also afford it.  I always look for opportunities to drive by Trader Joe's.  For other generic items like eggs, fruit, protein, it may be cheaper to go across the street to Giant Eagle.  But there are a few key Items I come here specifically for: - sourdough bread (cheaper than most other markets if you can even find it)- goat cheese (of many different kinds)- frozen indian food (trader joe's brand, i have been addicted for a while)- refrigerated sweet lassi - Fage brand greek yogurt (1.49 each, cheaper than you'll find anywhere else)- hummus and pita chips- mochi ice cream (cheaper than even the asian market!)- frozen korean ribs - oranginaIt's always a fun adventure in Trader Joe's and it seems I always find something new I want when I'm in there.  Look out in the summer time because they sell fresh basil plants!  And be GREEN, every time you bring your own bag you enter your name in a weekly raffle!
4	Great selection and reasonable prices. I also appreciate the fact that the majority of their products are organic.
5	I am IN LOVE with Trader Joe's. I don't know how I've gotten by without it for so many years! I will say I will probably do 90% of my shopping here as long as I live in the area. The produce prices are unbeatable and the selections are awesome! This is the perfect store for healthy food! The selection is small, but everything they have appeals to me and fits my lifestyle! I am thrilled about how little I spend with how much I get!
3	This is one of those places that I enjoy, but always forget about.  I enjoy the items on the shelves and always end up coming out with more than I went in for.  Although I miss the lemonade they have.Why I can't give this place more than three stars, the obstacle course of a parking lot.  I'm serious.  Get out of your car and then stretch.  Then do your parkour over to the entrance.
5	Heaven!  Paradise!  Utopia!  I went to my usual Giant Eagle looking for a Thai peanut style dressing for a recipe I had gotten from Trader Joe's for Thai Peanut Slaw.  It wasn't until this very moment after the few months I've been in Pittsburgh that I suddenly and sadly realized how dismal the ethnic selection really was at my particular Giant Eagle (though I'm betting that has something to do with location; maybe other branches are different).  Anyway, that rant belongs on the G.E. review another time.I drove 20 minutes out of my way just to get to this Trader Joe's, that's how badly I wanted to make the recipe.  Upon arrival, I so realized I forgot how much I love Trader Joe's and what I had been missing all this time (sometimes you can be lulled into not missing something you don't see) -- selection, variety, ethnic food, food with flare, food with flavor.  Seriously, my G.E. has exactly one aisle for all ethnic food and by ethnic at G.E., that includes the Mexican-like and Italian-like usual fare of taco shells and spaghetti.Everything at Trader Joe's is packaged and displayed to be inviting.  There's a samples bar, there's friendly staff that seek you out before you have a chance to hunt them down to ask a question.  Then they actually lead you to the aisle for the product in question.  The available cashier calls you over to their line and happily helps you and rings you up.  Note that I had just come straight from my grocery shopping trip at G.E.  Nevertheless, I wasn't going to pass up an opportunity to stock up on some flavorful additions from Trader Joe's.  For dinner, I spied 2 spring rolls with shrimp with dipping sauce (and they were quite yummy, I might add).  I added the following to my cart for another day:  fresh stuffed pork chops, frozen pesto pizza, frozen shells with brie and asparagus, and frozen marsala dosa.  Believe me when I say I wanted much, much more.  I will be back.  Twenty minute drive from home?  Ha!  I'm not deterred.Oh, and that recipe?  Easy, peasy.  Just toss together the items below....1 bag shredded green cabbage1/2 bag shredded carrots1/2 cup raisins1/2 cup peanutsTrader Joe's Asian Style Spicy Peanut Vinaigrette (to taste -- maybe 1/2 bottle)
5	I discovered Trader Joe's in another state (that was able to sell wine within the grocery store... so sad that they can't in PA!) and was disappointed to live far away from this location for a couple years. Well, I recently moved, and this location is now only 15 minutes away!Trader Joe's is just fantastic all around. I recently purchased flowers from them that were half the price of Giant Eagle's and are still lasting weeks after purchase. I have liked all of the breads that I've tried, particularly the Challah and Naan, and often find myself eating the bread plain because it's so delicious. I like their Vegetable and Lobster Sushi and their deli meats and cheeses, including the Gouda and Ham with Rosemary. They have very tasty chips - love the Cheese Puffs and Cinnamon Sugar Pita Chips. I always keep their breakfast bars at my desk at work and all the types that I've tried are very good. I've also kept their "Nutella" and Cookie Butter at my desk in the past, but warning, you will find yourself digging into these jars a couple times each day, so I recommend anticipating weight gain if you keep them at work! Finally, they have great quick meals, such as their Chicken or Shrimp Fried Rice, Fettuccine Alfredo, and Reduced Guilt Macaroni and Cheese. Don't forget to grab a chocolate bar when checking out!Don't go into Trader Joe's expecting to get every ingredient you'll need for cooking a meal. Instead, go into the grocery store with an open mind, willing to try lots of fun, new items at an affordable price. It's definitely one of my favorite shopping experiences!
4	My visit to this trader joe's was perfect. It must be a nation wide thing at trader joe's to only have awesome employees but everyone was so nice and helpful.
4	They painted over the huge Phipps Conservatory painting that was on the wall by the front door and they got rid of all the decorations in the restrooms. I really enjoyed that stuff, so I was shocked and sad to see them do that. Also, it is just crazy busy there. It is really hard to shop there. Too Crowded. Long lines. Often sold out of items. It is really not possible/profitable for them to open another store somewhere in the Pittsburgh area?
5	Have you ever looked forward to grocery shopping? Have you ever squealed with delight thinking about pushing a shopping cart through congested aisles to stand in long lines after having fought to find a decent parking space? I swear, Trader Joe's makes me smile ear to ear and not find a glimmer of annoyance in any of these things that would typically make me fly off the handle. Why, you ask? Because Trader Joe's is a culinary wonderland, full of new and delicious possibilities, healthy and affordable deliciousness, with vegetarian friendly options a go-go. My life and my lunch are forever better for having a Trader Joe's in my life. This was the first Trader Joe's location I had ever visited and it's still my favorite. The staff is incredibly helpful and kind and I know where everything is. But I still linger. I don't want to miss any of the new goodies they tuck in with my old favorites. My list of regularly purchased items continues to grow and my small trips to pick up basics now usually end up costing me well over $100. But for that cash I walk out of there with a cart full of things I'm actually excited about preparing and eating. I used to think I couldn't do all of my shopping here and would supplement my TJ runs with obligatory trips to Giant Eagle. Now the only thing I go to Giant Eagle for is the pharmacy. Chances are if Trader Joe's doesn't have it, I'm not eating it. I'd rather eat that canned tofu chili than my mother's best homemade effort (sorry mom, but have you HAD it?), the prepared veggie wraps and pasta salads are outstanding to have on hand for a quick lunch, and for a few months when the kale chips were removed from the shelves my wife and I talked about how we missed them almost daily. Our pantry/freezer is nearly all TJ's brand and that's the way we like it.
5	This place rocks. I never dreamed that TJ's would be my go-to for grocery shopping! We pretty much buy 95% of our groceries here, with an occasional stop at the dirty bird. TJ's makes grocery shopping fun. The produce selection is awesome, and there are tons of great meals hiding in the frozen section. Annnd...don't even get me started on the turkey jerky or the boundless supply of chocolate.And the big reason for my 5.0 review...they have ideas for recipes posted all over their food items. It makes meal preparation fun and easy and has made me much more adventurous in the kitchen!
4	I can't believe they removed the nautical themes from the bathrooms! Perhaps it's a health code violation to have fun whilst visiting the toilet. Other than it now being slightly less fun to poop here, it's still a great store, given the competition. Awesome products, fair prices and cheerful staff all contribute to making Trader Joe's 100% better than nearby grocers.
5	Does Trader Joe's really need another stellar review? Probably not. Everyone loves TJ. Me included. There are just so many interesting things to look at, sample, and buy here!! I usually go up and down every aisle even if I'm not looking for something in that aisle. So what more can I add that hasn't been said. Well, how about what my typical shopping stint is composed of? OK, if you insist:Look at the bunches of flowers up front - you could do worse than picking up a bundle for your sweetie. On down the aisle to pick up some fresh hot salsa, get some of their marvelous cheese (their selection is awesome - and don't forget to grab a tub of their crumbled blue cheese - goes great on a burger), and up to the corner where you can get some fresh veggies. Keep looking at the end caps for new items and specials. Around the corner to grab some avocados to make guacamole, then on to the dairy counter to snag some rice pudding. Yeah! To the frozen veggies (they have the BEST) and maybe some fish, on to the spices to get Smoke or, if it's fall, some Ghost Chilies, then around the corner to load up on Trader Joe's Dark coffee. I grab 3 or 4 of those and a sour dough baguette and I'm out the door and back to the office! With a smile....
5	Great selection, great staff!
3	Relatively small collection of groceries at the store. Fresh produce maybe passable but pre-packaged meat and seafood does not help with the appetite. Yes, the prices are good at TJ but if you can't find what you need, it doesn't matter how cheap the other stuff is.
5	Just recently moved to Pittsburgh and stopped in to Trader Joes after hearing such great things about the store. I have blown away. It seems very difficult to eat healthy without paying high prices, but at TJs you can find an array of healthy options (organic, vegetarian, fresh produce, etc.) at reasonable to cheap prices. The store is small but I found everything I needed. The environment is relaxed and friendly and overall a really good grocery store. Will definitely be making TJs my regular place to shop at when preparing meals.
3	I love TJ's as a company and has always liked it since I lived in SoCal. I was happy to find it in Pittsburgh!!What makes TJ's excellent is:- Great value- Better frozen food than anywhere else- Extremely nice staff- They sell really nice and affordable flowers- Great juice with no artificial flavors and colors- Affordable veggies and fruits- Available parkingI gave it 3 starts only  because their veggies have been going down hill in the last 9 months. I don't know what's going on, but we got bad veggies multiple times!! We also got cheese that went bad extremely fast!I am very disappointed, and I hope the management will pay attention to this issue and fix it!
5	do you know how lucky we are to have a trader joe's down the street from us?? I have relatives in buffalo who drive here not to see me but to go here!
4	I love this place.  Good food for less money.  And, they have many German products.  A plus when one is from Germany.
5	Happy find! Especially for someone that moved here from NorCal   Just wish they had good old two buck chuck and many other good cheap wine.
4	One word: obsessed! I LOVE shopping at TJ! The selection is great, the gluten free selection is wonderful and I feel much healthier with the variety of foods that are  both delicious, unique AND healthy. The employees are freakin awesome. They know you need help before you ask. And Chuck is the nicest, most upbeat person I've ever met in 28 years of being alive. I love shopping there and am now addicted to cookie butter. No one else makes anything like it and it is to die for! I only gave 4 stars because the store is smaller so it crows easy, but that wont deter me from going every weekend!
4	Love organic food and this is the place i like to get it. They have al different types of items that are sold either locally or organic. Don't get me wrong not everything in the store is healthy or organic but it is worth the money you spend. There are few aisles and most of the food is wholesome good eats. The items are decently priced and i enjoy how they suit my lifestyle me being a single/engaged woman and all. The cereal is just the right amount so i don't end up wasting anything. They have a good selection of fruits and veggies along with dairy products and drinks. The store brand products are just as good as retail brands but at a lot cheaper prices. I walk away with enough food to last me 2 weeks at only about $130. I also love the natural healthcare products they sell like deodorant and toothpaste, even dog foods. I recently started buying their toothpaste over brand like crest and aquafresh. They cost anout $4 a tub but i enjoy the flavor and it comforts me knowing i'm making a better choice for my body.The service is another great attribute about this place. They have a sample bar in the back corner that they use to advertise products in the store both food and juices. I love their juice machine which has such good products like lemonade, green machine, and even coffee sometimes. The workers here are very attentive to what you need and are very helpful with selections around the store. It's not as big as whole foods but they have the majority items needed for normal living.
5	How have I avoided Trader Joe's for so long?!?! I don't know if I can ever shop anywhere else! Prices and selection are great. You can find all-natural and organic foods without paying the ridiculous Whole Foods prices. The fruits and veggies are cheap and fresh. They have a great selection of meats and cheeses and fresh flowers too. Oh and the best part-- free samples! They were giving out samples of their frozen chicken pot pies and it was delicious. A little free food goes a long way! Every staff member I saw was upbeat and very friendly with the customers. This is definitely my new grocery spot!
5	This place. I'm from the South Central part of PA where there's no TJ's. I knew there was on here in Pittsburgh so it, among other things (school even tho I'm old ha) made moving here a no brainer. I remember at my job in Harrisburg seeing my boss with a jar of TJ's almond butter that her sister would ship to her from SoCal. At the time I was getting into eating healthy and working out so I was intrigued. She gave me the low down. When I was researching Pittsburgh one of the first things I didn was see if it had a TJ's- all big cities have TJ's! And they did. When I moved I didn't go right away, went to Giant Eagle and on my limited student budget quickly ran out of cash. When I finally did get to TJ's I couldn't believe the PRICES! Such good, wholesome food for CHEAP! I stopped going after my first time as I'm a PAT rider and the trip from Duquesne to East Liberty is loooooong. But I'm willing to spend the time on the bus for my health and my pockets. Viva La Traders!
4	** 4 Haikus for Trader Joe's **Trader Joe's is greatThey sell many great productsAt awesome prices.TJ's produce rulesThe freshest avocadosSucculent lemons.TJ's pizzas make DiGiorno look like chump foolsPesto is best...o.Parking is awfulA lot torn from the nightmaresOf M.C. Escher.
4	This Trader Joe's is located in a very competitive area for groceries in Pittsburgh: it is down the block from Target, across the street from Giant Eagle, and one stop on the P3 away from Giant Eagle Market District. Of these, you'll find the cheapest prices on basics at Target. You'll find the largest selection at Giant Eagle Market District. And you'll find groceries at generally the best value at Trader Joe's.Now a few notes about this location. The parking lot is spacious and easily accessible. Unlike some locations outside of Pennsylvania, this Trader Joe's does not carry any alcohol due to state law. Like the other locations, they have many spices available for $1.99, and I believe the ground beef is an excellent deal for the quality (starting at $2.69 for 80% lean and peaking at about $4.69 for 95%) though some will disagree. However, I still think the produce found at markets in the Strip District (such as Stan's) are a better value.
3	friendly folks and unusual items. I've always found the quality good and the produce fress. I like the dried fruit and nut selection too.
5	One of my favorite grocery stores in Pgh!  So many cool and unique products that you don't have to pay an arm and a leg for.  When I lived in Pittsburgh, I used to shop here all the time and just went back for the first time in a few years yesterday.  I can see that they still have most of the products that I loved and also had some new things that I had to try.The people that work there are always super friendly and there is ample free parking.
4	I have been always shopping at Trader Joe's since I was living in CA and AZ. Comparing to Giant Eagle, Trader Joe is a lot reasonable. I only purchase fish and seafood from Trader Joe's.
5	Great grocery store. Always high quality. You get what you pay for so not the cheapest in town. Staff always cheerful and helpful. Parking can get tight on a weekend.
4	First, the parking situation at this location is pretty terrible. Don't even think about trying to get a parking spot on a Saturday or Sunday, unless you go close to when TJ's opens. Also, this location is definitely on the small side, and the aisles are extremely crowded on the weekends. I like to get there at 8am on Saturday, and doing my shopping for the week. I generally don't have to fight crowds at this time.Other than those two minor complaints, I love this Trader Joes! The staff is the friendliest, and because I go so often, I know the aisles by memory. I always start at the bread/meat aisle on the far left side because there is always a huge bottleneck in the cereal/diary aisle because the doors open right onto it. Some of my absolute favorite TJ's products are the Cheddar/Gruyere hybrid cheese, the Tuscan bagged kale, the gluten free savory crisps, the TJ's organic lowfat cottage cheese, large tubs of the TJ's vanilla greek yogurt, the TJ's gluten free pastas (corn and brown rice-based), the TJ's marinara sauce and whole peeled plum tomatoes, the boxed soups (organic tomato and roasted pepper and the corn and roasted red pepper are my favorites), and the selection of fresh, organic and/or all natural meats. These TJ's products are things you can't get anywhere else. Everything I have ever tried with a Trader Joes label on it has been delicious.I find that I can usually do all of my grocery shopping here. There are only a few things I like to buy at Whole Foods or GE Market District. Love TJ's!!
4	I love Trader Joes.  I wish there was one out in the Eastern suburbs closer to where I live.  Trader Joes is a great store to pick up everything from milk and bread to fancy meals (they have a frozen coq au vin that is fantastic).  They also have a large amount of organic items.  Some people believe that their prices are high, but most items are pretty on par for what you would pay at Giant Eagle.Even when the store is packed and shelves are getting picked over, the staff is working busy to replenish items.  If you don't see what you are looking for, find an employee and ask!  In a recent visit, their cereal selection was seriously depleted and when I asked about my favorite mango granola, they grabbed several boxes from the back.  That leads into the point that a major difference between here and other grocery chains is that the staff.  Everyone is friendly and helpful.  Cashiers keep lines moving and are very pleasant.  That doesn't usually happen at other chain stores. Don't miss a stop at the samples area located in the back of the store.  They have a juice fountain and always have one of their entrees or food items.  On my last visit, it was a pasta dish.Although the store itself is fairly small, they have a wide variety of items.  This is especially true in the frozen foods section.  You can get everything from french to Italian, Indian, Thai and even Canadian poutine.  And they are tasty and don't have the overly processed and salty taste frozen entrees tend to have.The down side to this location is parking.  There are very few spots right near the store, so if you go on a busy day, you will likely be parking at another business and walking in to the store.  Thankfully it isn't that far of a walk, but on a cold winter day like we have been having this year, it can seem like miles.  Aisles can also get crowded on busy days.Overall, love Trader Joes and this location.  Now if only they'd open one in Monroeville or Murraysville...
4	I am fortunate to work close-by to here.  They have high quality food items and a lot of things you cannot get elsewhere. I especially enjoy the numerous varieties of hummus and breads.  In addition they always have lots of fun fresh flowers to bring home to my wife!
5	I have a slight Trader Joe's obsession. I am so in love with Trader Joe's that when my husband and I were recently house-hunting, I would only consider neighborhoods that were within a 5 mile radius of my other husband (Mr. Joe's).  And no, I'm not kidding.See, when I first moved to Pittsburgh, I had never been to Trader Joe's. And at the time, I didn't live near Trader Joe's. So I ignorantly used to shop at the nearest grocery store, which, of course, was that dirty bird Giant Eagle. And Giant Eagle used to send me into fits of rage when I would walk out of there, because even a single, sparse, sad-looking bag of groceries would set me back at least $50 bucks every time. Every. Damn. Time. I began to think that I would be forever in the bird's insanely-high-priced death grip.Then, one fateful day, I tagged along with a friend who needed to pick up a few things from Trader Joe's. When I walked in, it was one of those moments where time stood still and orchestra music began to swell in the background. I had met my grocery destiny.This place was the polar opposite of the dirty bird. Employees were friendly. Products were unique and interesting. And the best part of all -- PRICES WERE REASONABLE!!  I walked through Trader Joe's with my friend, staring in awe...organic baby spinach for $1.99 (which I had just bought for $3.99 at the bird)... steel cut oats for $3.99 (just paid $5.50 at, yep, the bird)....tomato basil sauce for $1.99 ($2.99 at Geagle)....this place had tons of my staples for much cheaper than I had been paying.  Plus, they had all of kinds of interesting and convenient packaged foods -- cookie butter!  frozen brown rice!  jalapeno hummus! frozen garlic naan! I knew right then and there that the rage-filled relationship between me and the bird had come to an end.Three years later, and I still love Trader Joe's as much as I did on that first day. I do nearly all of my weekly shopping here. Yes, occasionally I will still have to stop by Giant Eagle (shudder!!) to get something that Mr. Joe's doesn't have, but in general, the stuff that I eat is the stuff that they sell. Their produce section is small, but I find that it meets my needs, and I've never had any issues with quality or freshness. Ditto for their meats. Their huge selection of frozen foods and other meal-helpers (e.g., simmer sauces) have been a lifesaver on many occasions. The store itself is very small, but they pack a lot into such a small space. It gets incredibly crowded on weekends, and the parking lot is a disaster, so I like to go there super early when they open (8 am) to beat the rush and have a pleasant shopping experience.Thank you, Trader Joe's, for saving me from the death grip of the Giant Eagle. I look forward to many more years together.
4	I just got a friend hooked on Trader Joe's today. She had always been under the impression that it is expensive, when it is the exact opposite. We busted that myth. We both made out like bandits today. I live pretty far out in the burbs, so I can't exactly grocery shop here. I go for stuff I can't get for a bargain at grocery stores close to home. Like Trader Joe's red curry sauce, and their huge (and super reasonably priced) cheese selection. This trip I also picked up a bunch of other interesting looking sauces to round out my cooking. I'll most likely get hooked on them all and be back for more. I'm pretty sure that my friend will now be making regular trips to Trader Joe's despite living well over an hour away. Congrats Joe, you just gained a new fan. The only thing that gets on my nerves is that their pos system doesn't like my pnc virtual wallet debit card, and I hate carrying cash, so I use that thing for everything. They have to mess with my card for awhile before it will work. Annoying and it makes me feel like I'm being judged by the people behind me in line.
5	Always enjoy TJ's.... Excellent people here. Always cheerful and helpful. And..great bag packers!
5	I welcome any Trader Joe's in my life, whether it's in Maryland, the District of Columbia, or Pennsylvania. I would drive several miles farther and pass three supermarkets just to get to a Trader Joe's. In Pittsburgh, I could have gone to a few neighboring Giant Eagles or the Whole Foods, but my culinary needs don't require truffle oil or expensive cheeses. As one who is perfectly content with the essentials (milk, eggs, cereal, fruits, vegetables, bread, canned beans, and the occasional extras), Trader Joe's suits my needs.As with any Trader Joe's, the items are almost always in stock (except for the seasonal items), the staff are ebullient and extremely helpful, and the store is clean. The one major plus, however, are the prices. Many of the items are almost always cheaper than those found in big name stores. Also, the taste and quality of its products are identical if not better than brand-name products.I am also appreciating the fact that Trader Joe's is selling more organic products, such as Greek yogurt, produce, sauces, meats, and breads. For some people, organic products might be the determining factor in choosing between Trader Joe's and Whole Foods, I really only care about buying certain foods that are organic, such as fruits and some vegetables, which Trader Joe's offers.Because my career is in the healthcare field, I can be very short on time. That's when Trader Joe's steps up to save the day--or rather, my growling stomach and cranky mind--with its expansive selection of frozen foods. It offers frozen ethnic foods, burgers (even vegetable burgers), fish, vegetables, desserts, and everything in between. Many of them are priced reasonably, so whether you are an incoming college student whose meal preparation skills are limited to pouring a bowl of cereal or heating up some water for those delicious ramen noodles or a refined cook who just can't bear to look at a spatula and a skillet anymore that day, you will not go hungry.
5	I LOVE Trader Joes!I dont know if it is that I am a sucker for branding, a sucker for inexpensive pretty bouquets of flowers (and you see them as soon as you walk in)...and if I lived in another state, I'd be a sucker for their $2 Chuck.The only thing about Trader Joes is that they are always packed, so I have to remind myself to BE PATIENT.  Sometimes in the produce/cheese section it's so crowded and people are just standing there staring, like they have never seen food before.  It's the same thing at whole foods but I mind it less at Trader Joe's bc I'm not spending $80 for a block of cheese and a radish.Their goat cheese is amazing, and its the staple of my summer spaghetti (melted goat cheese, roasted red pepers, in spaghetti, w basil).  Let's just say if we were in a post apocalyptic  society, and I was the ruler, I would accept Trader Joe's jalapeno & cilantro hummus as valid currency, bc it is delicious.Everyone loves their Orange Chicken.  Its a no brainer.  I keep it in my fridge for when I want Chinese food, but I dont feel like dealing with ordering Chinese food.The roasted butter nut squash soup is epic.They got rid of their Masala sauce which breaks my heart.  Why?  Why would they do that?BUT--they make up for it with their marinated meats which I love.  And the spiced mangos...my favorite snack.How can you not love Trader Joes?
4	A great alternative to the insanity that is Giant Eagle Market District in Shadyside. While the selection may not be as good, the quality and price of most items is pretty damn good. Parking is pretty good (much better than Giant Eagle), though the shopping center can get a little crazy during rush hour. Recently got some veggie burgers there that were amazing!
5	Cheap prices for such good food. We have recently started to enjoy the chocolate and almond croissants in the frozen food isle. Get them, trust me,  you will not be disappointed.
4	Well, it's TJ's, what can you say? They have an eclectic selection of fresh, frozen, and shelf foods. It won't be your store for everything you need, but what they have are often unique and interesting, and most things are of high quality. Plus their return policy is exceptional, so it's easy to try many news things without feeling like you'll get burned by the cost. In generaly, their prices are very good, and probably not worth doing a lot of comparison shopping with other stores (although occasionally they are more expensive than other places for certain things, such as lactose-free milk strangely enough). And as others have mentioned, parking here is a wee bit easier than Whole Foods.My main frustrations with Trader Joe's boils down to these three items:1. No alcohol. I know it's a PA thing, but when I go to a TJ's out of town I'm always jealous of the beer and wine selections.2. They can be maddeningly out of items for extended periods of time. I know TJ's is not your "everything under one roof store" but even stuff they stock can sometimes be out for months at a time. I'm still waiting for them to get beef sticks in since this summer.3. They really don't have a selection that can fully complement your pantry. While they have 20+ different pasta sauces, you may be out of luck trying to find spices beyond the basics. Pro-Tip:  Avoid the produce section unless you are planning on using it immediately. It is cheap because it is towards the end of their shelf life. We've been okay with apples and oranges, but a lot of other stuff tends to go bad quickly. We generally purchase our product at Whole Foods for this reason.Now, if only they could start selling alcohol here, I'll add the last star! C'mon, PA! Get with it!
4	Ample parking.  Brightly lit.  Friendly staff.  Love the cheese and salad selection.  If you ever see the Chile Rellenos in the frozen section,  grab a few.  We usually buy all that they have they are so delicious.
5	This is the only Trader Joe's around, so it is usually packed to the brim. Even so, I always find what I need and then some. Shopping at Trader Joe's is an exciting adventure - there are new products every week - and they are typically very tasty! TJ's is a must for habanero lime tortillas, greek yogurt, soy ice cream and meatless meatballs. Everything is affordable, so even on a budget you will walk out with plenty of yummies (just don't go overboard with snacks). I've never met a surly employee at this location. Everyone takes time to make you feel important even if the store is packed. Cashiers and stockers alike will do what they can to answer questions and help you get ideas for dinner! That's the closest you can get to a free personal chef. I highly recommend this location for great prices, people and food!
