4	Nice clean restaurant and really good cheesesteaks.  Good variety on the menu between cheesesteaks and chickencheesesteak sandwiches.  Consistenly good.
4	I think this place is great. I love the cheesteaks and their sweet potato fries.I tried their homemade chili once and it was good, but I found it to be a bit soupy. The staff is always friendly and the dining area is nice and clean.
3	Went there today for lunch...I was massively impressed with the overall cleanliness and friendliness of the place. I feel that sometimes you don't really find that here in the Valley.I ordered a cheesesteak with onions and mushrooms. I also got a side of fries and my friend got a chicken cheesesteak...I really wanted to like this place because of the positive reviews. I had such a wonderful experience there, but my cheesesteak was so bland -- almost like they forgot to put salt and pepper on it.My friend's chicken cheesesteak was, according to her, "a huge salt lick". I think I'd rather have taken the salt lick over the non salty food I had. Even the mushrooms and onions lacked flavor...and the swiss cheese was bland as well.I'm going to give this place another shot...but for now it's just ok. The fries made me happy enough to give them 3 stars.
2	Ahhh almost forgot bout this place. We went there for lunch from work when it first opened up. My friend could not shut it about Philly steak and CheezeWiz (Or whatever its called.)So, they dragged me in there. I could not bring myself to order fat dripping and CheezeWiz smothered real Cheese Steak so i ordered chicken one instead. It was BORING, dry and uninteresting. My granny (One from mom's side who can not cook) could make it way better.So, while i honestly can not evaluate their main product - Cheese Steak,  whatever i got kinda suxed! They do draw big crowds now and sometime there is no place to seat, or at least that is what guys from work telling me. But whataver..."I no like"
5	If you like steak & cheese subs, Forefather's is the BEST! Owners Tony and Mary care about their customers, and make you feel like you are dining at their house.  There is nothing I like better in the food service industry than a business run by local owners who are on-site and often do the cooking and care about customer service.  Their sub rolls are baked locally and the meat is flown in from Philidelphia.  For those of you non-beef eaters, they serve a chicken filled sub.  Prices range from $6.59 (including tax) for a regular sized sub to $10.89 (including tax) for the large with fries and a large soda.  I'm told a real Philly cheese steak is made with Cheese-Wiz (when I think Cheese Wiz, I think an aersol can, but this Wiz is different).  I prefer provolone cheese versus Cheese Wiz (the Wiz is a little too sweet for me). But, as the company tee shirts proclaim, "there's nothing like a good wiz".
4	Love this place!  My buddy and I found this place one night when driving around looking for places to eat.  I'm not really in to cheesesteaks, but this place is full of awesome.  I've never tried it, but you can also get an authentic (so I'm told) cheesesteak with "wiz" on it - no, no one is peeing on it...it's Cheese Wiz... LOLThe place gets a little loud because it's all tile flooring, but the cheesesteaks are better than any other cheesesteak place I've been to in the valley.
5	Being from Philly, I have made it a point to try every "authentic" Philly cheesesteak place I've come across since moving to AZ in 1982.  Since Longhitano's in Tempe closed close to a decade ago, every new place has fallen so short it's sad, really.  Not enough meat, rolls all wrong, meat TASTES wrong ... Then my friend Brian, also a Philly native, came to town from L.A.  I decided we needed to try Forefathers.  We went ... we ate ... we ascended to a level of bliss not known in forever.  THESE are AUTHENTIC Philly cheesesteaks.  Don't have to pay for double meat, you can actually get a "wit wiz" ... AND a pizza cheesesteak.  OMG, sheer delight!  Brian had the cheese fries as well and they were so yum.  And the staff behind the counter were just AWESOME.  When we went to thank them for the amazing meal, they all cheered that they passed muster with us.Honestly, anyone who did not grow up partaking of the wonders of real Philly cheesesteaks just cannot appreciate the awesomeness of Forefathers.  We liked it so much we are going back again on Sunday before Bri goes back to L.A.  He posted on his facebook page, and I quote "Who'd have thunk that Phoenix would have the most authentic cheesesteak I've had since leaving Philly?"My ONLY beef (no pun intended) with Forefathers is that they have Hunts ketchup (which tastes awful IMHO) instead of Heinz.  Yes I know, some people consider ketchup on a cheesesteak sacreligious but that's how I grew up.  Sunday I'll try a pizza cheesesteak so it won't matter ;)Oh, and try the homemade chocolate chip cookies ... oh sooooo good!
4	Original wit Wiz and mushrooms... there is none better I've tried.Better be hungry to devour a whole large one too, pretty big.
4	My recommendation: pizza cheesesteak with mozzarella. Oh man, too delicious. (it's pizza sauce added to a traditional cheesesteak sandwich). The staff there are always super friendly and will chat about their cheesesteaks as long as you let them :) It's a small place- maybe 15-18 tables- where you order at the counter and they call your number when the order is ready.
5	This place is freakin' awesomeOMG.  It's like their sprinkle their fries with cocaine as a seasoning.  They're sooooooooo good.  Especially dipped in cheese.I especially love the buffalo chicken philly sandwich.  It's chicken, hot sauce, spicy blue cheese and celery all melted together in bread.  YUM.I would like to try everything they have on their menu.  It's awesome.
4	Some of the best cheesesteaks i've had. Should of went with the more popular original (steak & cheese whiz), but instead, tried it with my fav, provolone. While the meat and chesse tasted really good, the overall finish was somewhat dry. Probably my only drawback since all my cheesesteak consisted of was bread + steak + provolone cheese. I'm going back because the fries were some of the best I've had. The service was very friendly. My fiance ordered the kids meal (she wanted the grilled cheese) and said it was really good. Portions are right on, a little too much actually. I got the regular and couldnt finish it. But when I go back, I'm going to try the Steak 'wit cheez'. A- vote.01/11/2010 UPDATE: I've been back and tried the original (steak with cheese whiz). Oh my! Now THIS is what I'm talking about!!! Best cheesesteak I've ever had outside of Philly.A+Also- the employees are still as nice as the 1st time. GREAT service, arguably in the top 3 in all of the Phoenix metro. I've been there 6 times to date and haven't been disappointed.Also- I must add that their 'fry sauce', whatever mysterious blend of tastebud utopia, is amazing. I don't know what it is, but I love that stuff. Far better than regular ketchup. Also- their fries are ALWAYS cooked to perfection. I've yet to have soggy fries nor old, stale fries. LOVE THIS PLACE.(request to owners- if you can, please open up a new location. maybe Tempe Marketplace?? you guys are leaps and bounds better than the Great Steak Escape or whatever they are called).
3	If you're in the mood for a real cheesesteak, this place is right for you.I was particularly impressed by the customer service.  When I ordered, the people behind the counter were very helpful.  The cook helped me narrow down my options when I asked what I would enjoy.The cashier said, "Good choice; the pizza cheesesteak is great!"  And I made the joke, "I'm starving...so it'd better be."And the cashier told me that if I didn't enjoy it, he would make me something else.That was good customer service...but it got better.  After a couple of minutes of eating, the cashier walked by to ask me if the sandwich was as good as he said it was.The food was just a bit better than average, but the people that work there make it an enjoyable experience.
5	The customer service is probably the best I have ever experienced. Actual genuinely friendly people that are HELPFUL from when you walk in till you walk out. Food is real good too. (I ignore the fact that some people put wiz on a cheesesteak.)Nice clean place....and the cookies. Get a cookie. They are a treat.They had highchairs for my little one. Even though he deceided he wanted to sit on top of the table. You will see me there again.*Update*** downgrade from 5 Stars to 3 Stars We went there a while back and they changed their sweet potato fries!!! I got some to go and started to snack on them in the car. I immediately noticed they were different than the ones I love, so called them. I asked if they changed their fries and he said yes. I asked if it was permanent or they just ran out or something. He said these are the fries from now on.Until they go back to the old ones I probably wont go there nearly as often. The fries are that big of a deal. :(2nd Update*** upgrade from 3 to 4I has been a while and the sweet potato fries are pretty tasty now. And the service is still as good as ever.
3	Fast friendly service.  I had a cheesteak  sandwich, fires and a soda.  The sandwich was cooked fresh and very hot.  The hogie roll was fresh with a good crust and soft inside.  The fries were hot and tasted good.  There were lots of condiments.  The most memorable was the 'fry sauce'  delicious.  The peppers were fresh and tasty.
4	Like the review I wrote yesterday, I wish I could give it three and a half stars, but since I can't it gets four. Why?Well, they basically do one thing and they do it well--cheesesteak. I got one with provolone and raw onions and it was really great--real steak, a little light on the cheese but not too bad, and just the right about of chopped onions. The bread was soft and tasty also, obviously freshly baked. Yes, I know provolone and raw onions is heresy to someone from Philly, but since I'm from Indiana I don't care. Cheese wiz? You can have it. Anyway, with real cheese these things are good. As a bonus, they offer three types of peppers in the condiment bar, which put the place over the top for me. I'll leave it to others to judge the "genuine" Philly style sandwich. Service was also good and friendly, and the place is as clean as anyplace I've been. The only complaint I have is it is a little expensive. I spent a little over $11 for a large sandwich and a coke with no sides. Also, if you don't like cheesesteak you're kind of out of luck. But what they do they do very well. I'll certainly be back. The only reason I would have given it three and a half rather than four stars is because of the price. And those four and five star reviews I've been writing? I promised myself I would only write about restaurants I have eaten at since I started writing these reviews. I promise when I eat at a bad restaurant I won't mince words! I have a whole bunch in mind, but I want to wait and give them another chance.
2	After reading the reviews and hearing some word of mouth I finally had a chance to check out Forefathers.  It's umm, not rad.  It's not terrible either, but I would definitely drive several miles past it for Uncle Sam's or Corleone's.  For my money it's about a half a star above The Steak Escape or some similar abomination.
4	I feel as righteous about my Cheesesteaks as I do about Bagels. Forefathers has the most awesome Cheesesteaks this side of the Mississippi. The bread was perfect. The steak flavorful and cooked to perfection (read: not dry). I use to tell everyone that Uncle Sam's had the best Cheesesteaks around. Sorry Uncle Sam's, this place has you beat hands down -- the most genuine you can find outside of South Street in Philadelphia. The regular is a perfect size unless you are really really really really really (you get the picture) hungry. You've got to stop in and try this place out! I hope they open a few more locations! (South Phoenix would be great - hint, hint).
4	Best Cheesesteak I have had. Their specialty Buffalo Chicken sandwich is even better. Try the awesome sweet potato fries. Super clean, super friendly.
4	First things first, I did not get a cheesesteak.  In all honesty, I have no idea what possessed me and caused me to order what I did.  The BBQ Chicken Cheesesteak is a beastly concoction.  You get fresh bread slathered with wiz, loaded with barbecued chicken, and then topped with coleslaw.  Of course I added bacon too.  When we got our food I kind of stared at it for a while.  I wasn't sure what to do with it.  How was I supposed to pick it up?  That would just be lame.  Ready with an arsenal of wet naps in my purse, I dug in to the most precarious food eating situation I have ever found myself in.  The first bite left me drooling wiz.  The second bite had coleslaw covering my hands.  The third bite had chicken falling out.  You get the idea?  It was messy and it was wrong.  It was so wrong it was right.  I really dug this weird combination.  The bacon just really pushed the sandwich from great to stellar.  I have to mention that their barbecue sauce is really good!  It's barely sweet, really smokey, and it packs a lot of flavor.  The bottom line is that I really liked this place.  I would like to go back and just try a regular cheesesteak with some fries.  Why fries too?  Because they have FRY SAUCE!  Woot!
1	Horrible cheesesteaks!  No flavor at all, just a greasy mess of meat in a bun.
4	I'm not sure about all the love of this place.  It was good but I'm very surprised that this many people enjoyed it.  The bread was good and the fact that they have Wiz is great but the steak itself was just decent.  I mostly gave them 4 stars because of their selections and options.  Chicken option, provolone option, Wiz option, salads, etc.  That's pretty awesome if you ask me.Was it the best cheese steak ever?  No.  Was it better than Corleones? YES.
5	If you aren't getting your Cheesesteaks at Forefathers, you aren't getting the best there is. Hands down, the best Cheesesteak I have ever had (having never been to Philly) and will continue to have. The roll is fresh with just the right balance needed on for the sandwich. The steak is cooked to perfection. The cheese is exactly what it needs. You can get it wit or wit'out (with onions or not) and have a large selection of cheeses including the original Cheez Wiz (my personal favorite). Their large is completely filling but only necessary if you are starving. Get a regular and combo it with the regular fries. Then you must try out the Utah-stolen "fry sauce" (a combination of Mayo and Ketchup that hits the spot with fries). Considering I am grew up in Utah, these guys are my new best friends.NOTE: If you plan on become a regular like me, request the rewards card from them. I only recently became aware of this as they do not advertise it but make sure to pick one up. Get 100 points (spend $100) get a free cheesesteak. Now please, stop reading and get a Cheesesteak.
3	I could take it or leave it. I do think "Gourmet" is false advertising.  Cheesesteaks really aren't my thing to begin with so y'all can take my review with a grain of salt.
4	Forefathers is great! I went there yesterday and was greeted at the register by the owner who chatted me up for a few minutes and suggested fry dipping combos for me to try, I can't say enough about the staff, great people.   Yesterday I had the original and a side of sweet potato fries. The original is a 9 inch (I think) roll with sliced rib-eye, grilled onions, and cheese whiz... holy cow, it was delicious. The meat was tender, not stringy or chewy and had enough flavor to make it through both the cheese and the onions, which were just wonderful icing on the cake. The roll was firm enough to hold up to all the juices, yet was soft and tasted very fresh. The sweet potato fries also blew me away, they were not overly fried by any means, just enough to be hot and steaming and were wonderfully sweet. The owner convinced me to take a side of honey mustard to dip them in, and it was a terrific choice. The dressing added a little sweetness, but the mustard added just enough tang to produce a delightful symphony between the two. Yum.   I strongly recommend Forefathers, I have been several times and it is so good each time. The decorations are interesting, the food is delicious and the staff is attentive and extremely friendly and helpful. Go. You'll thank me.
4	Great cheesesteaks! They have Cheez Whiz !! I have been searching for the best cheesesteak in Phoenix and I think I found it. Staff was very friendly. They have chicken cheesesteaks and even stuff for the kids and vegetarians (soup, grilled cheese, salads).Staff is attentive, place is clean, they move you thru quickly cause it can get crowded at lunch time. Some tables outside which is nice when the weather accommodates. Stuffed fairly generously with steak. The regular was plenty with a side of fries. Can get regular or sweet potatoe fries. Fry sauce was just okay. Not as good as I had in Utah.
4	I have eaten here a few times on my trips to phoenix and I have to say that this is the best cheesesteak I have ever eaten. Fast and friendly service and great food. The rolls that the steak comes on are really really good and the meat with the cheese whiz is great. I love this place and there sweet potato frys.If you want a great experience come here!!!!!
5	I remember going into Forefathers the first day they were open. The owner still recognizes me when I go in. Gotta love a family owned business turning out the best product n the city and doing well. This place sells itself but in case you are in doubt about the best Philly Cheese Steak in the city, take the Pepsi challenge you will become a believer.
4	Forefathers always seems to be one of those places that I forget about until someone else suggests it.  Of course, when they do suggest it, I feel like smacking myself in the forehead . . . "Forefathers!  Of course!  Why didn't I think of that!"  I'm hoping that the more I go, the more Forefathers will stay top of mind and I will remember them when we're looking for a quick, yummy meal.I have been a few times now and have to say the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich is one of my favorite sandwiches! The bread is soft, the chicken is huge chunks of breast meat, the blue cheese and celery add the creamy and the crunch.  I usually stick to the smaller "regular" sandwich, and avoid the large size.  I can't bring myself to try anything else, even though I'm sure it would be delicious.Good sweet potato fries and regular fries, too. Fry sauce and peppers (sweet, hot, and banana) available in single serving containers in a mini fridge by the drink fountain. Good iced tea, too! I like my tea unsweetened, but this one has a perfect hint of sweet.The last time I was there I really wanted to try the tomato basil soup and a grilled cheese, but the buffalo chicken philly was calling to me!  The staff is friendly and always ready with a smile.  The place is clean and appears well-maintained.I hear this place gets busy during the weekday lunch with all the Intel peeps coming over.  I have only been in the evenings and it's pretty quiet.  I am glad they are so busy at lunch; I wouldn't want them shutting down on me like so many other establishments have recently.One of these days, I'll have to try something other than the Buffalo Chicken Philly . . . we'll see.  Why mess with perfection?
5	Super friendly staff and service. Consistent hot and fresh cheesesteaks! Fries are amazing! I've been going here for 3 years and nothing has changed for the worse. Clean establishment, they obviously take pride in everything they do.
5	I work about a 1/2 mile from this awesome place of food!! I was bored with many of the places in the immediate area and ran across this place by accident. WOW!!! It has become one of my all-time favorite places to eat now. I am usually a little bit on the frugal side but with this place I do make an exception. It cost me right around $10.00 for a lunch but I have to admit it will make you want to go back everyday. I usually get the pizza cheese steak with grilled onions and peperoni. and a side of frys.... and the awesome dipping sauce. Great dinning experience for sure. If you are looking for a great meal and friendly atmosphere this is the place for you. TRY IT!!
4	Philadelphia is pretty far to go for the "real thing," but I have been blown away twice at how close they come to replicating a great Philly Cheesteak! They do a fabulous job!Oh sure, the roll isn't nearly as good as Delassandro's (my favorite in Philly') and it probably doesn't measure up to this year's winner (Johnny's Hots) in Philadelphia Magazine, but these people are doing a great job with what they have. They even offer one so large, I believe it comes with wheels, so you can drive it home.Great taste and you can have Cheese Whiz on it to make it even more authentic. Plus look at ALL you will have saved in airfare!If the rolls were better I would have opted for FIVE STARS, but these rolls will suffice to make it a terrific experience.
5	It's Saturday night and I have not eaten much all day.  I had read some reviews about Philly cheesesteaks and was kind of craving one.  I checked around on Yelp and found Forefathers.  So off we went!  We pulled up and walked in, looked at the menu on the wall and ordered.  I had the standard cheessteak with peppers and onions and sweet potato fries.  My daughter had the "fox" off the children's menu.  It was chicken strips and fries with a drink.  The young man working the counter was polite and friendly.  We got our drinks and sat down.  There are about 12 tables inside and about 5 outside.  The place was was clean and tidy.  When my order was ready I went to pick it up and the young man asked if there was anything else I needed.  I said no, we were good but when I went back to the table they had forgotten the ranch for my daughter's chicken strips.  She is 7 and very independent so she went up to ger her ranch.  The young man was apologetic and asked and gave her two cups of ranch instead of one.  She was happy.  And she said her meal was yummy.  My cheesesteak was so good.  Great flavor, tendor meat and fresh roll.  And the cheese just oozed out.....yum! The sweet potato fries were great too.  Refillable drinks too. While we were eating my daughter was looking at the pictures of Benjamin Franklin, George Washington, and Thomas Jefferson.  We had a nice little history lesson while we were eating.  She also liked the lighting.  She said it looked like a party.  There were lights draped from the ceiling along with the regular lighting and with the high ceilings it did have a sort of patio feeling.  Being a parent I have probably seen bathrooms in every place we have ever been to, the grocery store, gas station, and restaurants. The restroom here was fantastic.  When I opened the door it was not at all what I expected.  It had nice tile and the faucet had a fancy spikett that turned on automatically when you put your hands under it.  There was a nice smelling soap and lots of paper towels too.  And it smelled nice in there!!  Yes, it smelled nice!  Not like a bathroom at all and it was clean!!  I'm not from Philly but  I know what I like and this was a darn good cheesesteak!  Thank you Forefathers!!
5	If you love a REAL Philly style Cheese steak then this IS THE PLACE! It's a local family owned spot on Priest near Warner. I HAVE to eat here anytime I am in the general area and I always get enough to take home. The cheese steaks reheat very well the next day. If you are a vegetarian you can eat here too.. My daughter loves their grilled cheese, tomato bisque and veggie hoagie (mushrooms, onions, peppers, cheese on a nice fresh roll).The salads are great and so are the regular and sweet potato fries. You have to try the fry sauce too and they even offer banana, sweet, and hot peepers on the side- FREE! Last but not least the owner bakes the BEST chocolate chip cookies I have ever tasted. I get 2 every time... They are chewy and pretty large for under $1. Bottom line.... Go here, support a local family owned business and taste the greatest cheese steak in the Valley
5	I was born and raised in South Philly and this is the best Cheesesteak I have found so far in the 13 Years i have been here in AZ.
5	Being from just a little north of Philly, cheese steaks were a child hood staple.  I haven't any place any better than Forefathers for a good cheese steak (although I would be willing to try)It's a quaint little place that doesn't go all out in decor, which is fine considering I'm used to some of the best cheesesteaks coming out of a cart.  They don't go all out in trying to impress you with the ambiance because they dump everything into what is most important, the food.The sandwiches are incredible, and they offer a range of options and they are flat priced, $6.95 for a regular and $9.50 for a large.  The regular, with a side is a match for just about anyone.... want left overs or skipped a few days of eating then go for the large.  They offer salads and some other things, but I'm a meat and potato guy so I've never ventured passed the steaks and cheese fries.  All the subs are flavorly dressed just by themselves, but there are options for adding more, extra cheese, mushrooms, etc. (the add-on prices are very fair)They brag that they aren't cheap on the meat and in their case, it is very true.  Plus the sandwiches are put together with perfect ratios so no one flavor is overwhelming another.I also like that you can get sweet peppers, banana peppers, and other things like their "fry sauce" from a small fridge in the lobby... yeah, its open house, so no one looking down at you condescendingly when you grab a handful of pepper containers.In the few times I've gone, I've learned my lesson, if you want to grab lunch during the work week, you've got to make it in by 1120am.... wait any longer and it gets packed quick.
5	I give this place 5 stars because I don't know of any other places with good Philly cheese steak sammiches. Their cheese steak with whiz is great as is the chicken Reuben cheese steak. There is also a good amount of meat in their sandwiches and the bread is soft and fresh. I personally think the regular size is enough for me. I love their fry sauce and their sweet potato fries. Their regular fries are not anything to get excited about though. Prices are decent and the service is quick as well
4	Nothing about it was good for me, but everything about it was good!  My friends have been raving about Forefather's for the past year and despite working less than a mile away I hadn't tried it.  Being a vegetarian I figured there would be nothing for me to eat.  I was wrong, they have a nice salad menu (that can be modified) and their tomato soup and grilled cheese is fantastic!  I wanted to try the sweet potato fries, but couldn't possibly put one more thing in my stomach.  The place is nothing fancy, order your food at the counter, and pick it up at the counter, but the service was still great.  I'll definitely be back next time I'm in the mood for some greasy comfort food.
5	I mention this place and most people don't know where it is BUT it is one of the best kept secrets for great cheese steaks that I know of. GO and find it on S. Priest Dr. just about a block north of Warner and just east off the I-10. My wife is from Philly and she proclaims this joint to be the best of all. Bernadette can talk for 30 min. about Philly cheese steaks like Gino's in Philly and how this place is very close to Gino's as in "GOOD". I don't each much beef but I definitely like this place and especially the fried onions and the sweet potato fries. And you can get it in chicken.And best of all, they 'splain it to me so I know how to order. GREAT PEOPLE!Fer cryin' out loud, TRY IT!You will like it!Bob Stephens
5	Amazing true east coast cheese steak sandwiches with real cheese whiz! Employees are friendly and efficient. Service is fast. I would recommend this to anyone from the east coast looking for a bit of home.
3	Simply an eh!  I can't get over calling this place gourmet.  The sandwich is okay and pouring cheese sauce on everything doesn't make it gourmet.  Uncle Sams has much tastier steak sandwiches and are more reasonably priced.  I guess it just isn't for me.
4	Artery clogging goodness.  I recommend the #1 with pizza fries.
1	My first and last visit.  Walk in and it is loud, very small and very loud.  Someone recommended this place to my wife and since I love Cheese Steaks I though I would give it a try.  Order a regular cheesesteak, cheese fries, soda for both of us.  The steak was tasted like minute steak, the cheese I could not taste.  The FF were covered with too much cheese.  And did I say it was too loud to even hold a conversation unless you wanted to talk louder than the guy yapping a foot away from you.  So after watching here is what I recommend if you do go.  Get the cheez whiz on your steak and do not get cheese on the FF.  But if you want a really good cheesesteak go to Philly's Famous in Chandler.  Oh yea just because you call it Gourmet, does not make it gourmet. Gourmet  describes a class of restaurant, cuisine, meal or ingredient of high quality, of special presentation, or high sophistication.  None of that is happening here.
4	We stopped at Forefathers for lunch after a hike at South Mountain.  This was our first visit, but our friends go there often for father-son lunches. It was great!  The place was packed and people were even sitting outside in the rain. If that doesn't tell you how good the food is, I don't know what will. Even though the place was packed the staff was friendly and efficient. The line moved fast!Our Original Phillys were tasty and messy, just the way I believe a Philly should be!  The fries were crispy on the outside and moist on the inside, perfect!  Be sure to try the fry-sauce!Our only negative was the size of the dining area. It was a bit small and crowded today (it was raining, so no sitting outside).
5	If you were one of the many like me that used to make the pilgrimage to Bruchi's CheeseSteaks in Ahwatukee, you were probably also disappointed when you arrived that one day to find them out of business.For years following their closure I sampled cheesesteaks here and there, but none of them even came close to the taste of what Bruchi's delivered.Then a co-worker introduced me to Forefathers Gourmet Cheesesteaks & Fries in Tempe and I struck gold. These guys can really turn out a great sandwich.My favorite is the #2 Cheesesteak (with grilled onions and white American cheese). The regular size is more than enough to satisfy most appetites, but if you are really hungry go for the large. The fresh baked Italian bread is great and they offer a variety of different flavor cheesesteaks to choose from.If you do a combo meal with regular fries, be sure to get some "fry sauce" near the soda dispenser for something a little different.I highly recommend this place to anyone out there who loves a good cheesesteak. Enjoy!
4	This place is really great, the food and the employees. I have come here a few times, I always get the Philly Original wit wiz and onion. I put some sweet peppers on it and sometimes sprinkle some malt vinegar over it. Th fries are yummy with the fry sauce. I like their iced tea and I like that they make a chilled espresso drink that you can pour yourself for the same price as a soda. The employees are really friendly, they say hi the minute you walk in, converse with you, and even offer advice. The guy behind the counter gave me and my kids free cookies, which were awesome by the way! This place seems pretty true to Pat's Steaks in Philadelphia with the chopped meat and cheese whiz, I am guessing it would taste similar.
4	Very tasty cheese steaks featuring the whiz with onions as an option. They also have some chicken menu items as an alternative. Sweet potato fries are awesome. I definitely recommend this joint.
5	I always get the number 1 and its always spot on.  Cheesesteaks are one of my favorite foods and I have jumped from place to place and this is my favorite by far.  I've tried most in the Phoenix area.  I work in downtown Phoenix so I don't get it as much as I like but I make the trip often.  Always friendly and always great.  My vote for Best of Phoenix.
5	Forefathers is definitely our new regular treat. From "one nation under God" at the door, to the "Ultimate Sacrifice" wall, everything about this neighborhood spot represents the awesomeness of America. The awesomeness of opportunity, capital and making a kick ass cheesesteak thats better than any other west of the Mississippi River.
5	Fantastic!
5	The best cheese steaks I have ever had and in Arizona no less.  The employees are always super friendly and cheerful. Which is impressive for how busy they are always ( a sure sign they are awesome ).  They have everything from authentic cheese steaks ( yes with cheese whiz)  to customized ones of your choosing.  If you don't like cheese whiz ( for shame ) just order it with "real" cheese.  I have had the chicken and steak sandwiches and they are both fantastic.  When you go try the Pizza Steak with mozzarella,mushrooms and pepperonis (it's heaven on a bun) with a side of sweet potato fries you won't regret it.
4	Forefathers is definitely our new regular treat. From "one nation under God" at the door, to the "Ultimate Sacrifice" wall, everything about this neighborhood spot represents the awesomeness of America. The awesomeness of opportunity, capital and making a kick ass cheesesteak thats better than any other west of the Mississippi River.
5	Wow!  Who could imagine an awesome,  genuinely prepared cheesesteak in tempe AZ.  Menu item #1, cheese 'wit'.  My kids and.wife loved it as well.  To top it all off,  one if the best bread puddings I ever had.
5	My husband says this spot has the best original Philly Cheesesteak in AZ!! The sandwiches have a large amount of steak and the bread is moist. Great sandwiches and you gotta try the "fry" sauce! We'll definitely be back!
5	Their food is amazing!  Everything from the bread to meat to cheese to fries is delicious.  They have amazing service too, no matter when you're there- lunch rush or on a slow afternoon.  They are always willing to take care of you.
4	I must admit when they first opened I was not impressed with this place at all... But I always give a second chance to a restaurant and I am glad I did. I always order a #1 Philly Original - (Served with grilled onions and cheese whiz "wiz" and an order of sweet potato fries. The cheese steak is good but I have to say the best part would be the sweet potato fries. Make sure to get all the extra condiment from the little refrigerator on the way out the fry sauce is a must for dipping.
4	WOWZA! If your a fan of sweet potato fries then Christmas has come early..... simply put, the combination of Forefathers fry sauce and sweet potato fries is enough to make you loose your marbles.  Now as for the Cheesesteaks.... they are awesome.  I've had some good ones here and there but Forefathers takes the cake.  Overall I was very impressed.  Im not from the east coast so I cant make a real comparison, but come on if your in AZ then who cares about the east coast really (the food is so bland and boring usually).  Friendly staff, casual environment ..... you can't go wrong!
5	I first ventured into Forefathers about 4 weeks ago, and I must say those guys know what they're doing.  I've been to cheesesteak places where it took forever to get a sandwich.  I was in and out of Forefathers in about 5 minutes with a to-go order.That being said, I was skeptical at first because of the speed it took to fill my order.  Nope.  They laid on the 'goods' something fierce.  The bread was as advertised.  It never got sloppy and held all the ingredients PERFECTLY.I've read other reviews and must try some of their other foods.  Have to watch what days I do this on, because you never know when a 'grease bomb' is going to attack your innards, and I have workouts to consider. This place is LEGIT.  GO. NOW!
4	A couple weeks ago a friend had told me I'd never had a real cheese steak unless I'd had one with Cheese Whiz. Turns out the Cheese Whiz used on cheese steaks isn't the same kind college students stack with Ritz crackers to give themselves early heart attacks. I had the #1 (Steak and Cheese Whiz) and it was delicious. I got fries and a drink as well and my total came out to ~$10. The portions are quite large and they give you a hefty serving of meat in the sandwich. Be careful when eating because these sandwiches are literally dripping with cheese. The bun was great and somehow didn't get soggy. I've been to a few places serving cheese steaks in the valley and this is the best, added bonus is you can be in and out of here in five minutes.
2	"Gourmet"  is used loosely here.  If your meat is all pre-cooked and they just toss it on the grill to warm it up, can you really say you're gourmet? I'm pretty sure that's what Mickey- D's does, and no one is claiming they're gourmet.  I could probably get over that fact if it weren't for a horrible interaction I had with one of the employees regarding their bread.When walking into Forefathers, they have a sign declaring that what makes the sandwiches they serve better than any other is the bread.  Turns out, they don't make the bread in the store.  Ok, I can get on board with using a local bakery to make your bread.  What I cannot get on board with is the fact that they have no idea what is in the bread they serve, nor do they have any interest at all in finding out! My allergies to dairy and eggs make it difficult to find bread that I can eat.  When I asked the lady at the register if their bread had dairy or eggs she said she didn't know and couldn't find out.  Ok, I'll have a salad and I'm fine with that.  The issue came when I suggested that she may want to ask the bakery next time she talked to them as food allergies are becoming more common.  She said no she didn't think she would do that and that I was the only one who had ever asked.  WRONG answer! It is an insult to gourmet eateries everywhere to not know exactly what is in everything you serve.  If the bread is really what makes the sandwich, why don't you know what's in it.  I, for one, will not be returning.
2	We stopped at Forefathers for lunch this Saturday . This was our first visit, but we thought we give it a south Philly try coming from the Penna area. so yes I do know what a cheese steak should be.It was good!  Not great ! The place was busy and people were even sitting outside in the heat. Even though it  was packed the staff was friendly and efficient. The line moved pretty quick.Our Original Phillys were messy and good. Our negatives:The size of the dining area. It was a bit small and crowded today.The meat was per-cook it take away from the moisture and meat had a little burnt taste. You should make the sandwiches to order ... every order with fresh rib-eye meat "not the pre cook" stuff. keep the grill a little lower not burn the meat.I will try this place again the future to see if anything changes.The price for two cheese steak, 2-fries, 2 coke was $ 22.00 and change a little steep.  The combo did not include the drinks.
5	Everything was authentic and really tasty.  They must be using rib-eye because the meat was better than most cheesesteak wannabes.  The bread was an added bonus and the cheese fries were a great fit.
5	This place makes the best cheesesteaks this side of the Mississippi. Every time I go, they seem to get better and better. I've tried about everyting on the menu, and you can't go wrong. The first time you go, you just have to order the Original. I suggest adding mushrooms and peppers, too.The atmosphere is fun and inviting. You can tell all the people working there are enjoying themselves and everything is extremely clean! So great to see a place proudly displaying their love for our country, too. Check it out!
5	Fantastic place, best cheese steaks in town. Always clean and the employees are super nice!!
4	Best cheesesteak I've had so far in the East Valley!  The bread, the whiz, the meat and the onions are all just right.  It's a little pricey, but well worth it!  The service here is amazingly fast, which seems to be a rare thing in AZ(I'm originally from Chicago).  You won't be disappointed!
5	We were sitting at home this Saturday night watching the Travel Channel and Pat and Gino's was on. Immediately I was home sick (PA girl here) and suddenly hungry. I Googled Philly Cheesesteaks in Arizona and Forefathers came up, even better it was less than 5 minutes from our house. I saw they closed at 8 and it was already 7:30, we grabbed the keys and off we went. When we got there a table of 12 was finishing up as well as another of 2, 3 people came in behind us so we did not feel too bad being late comers. We were pleasantly welcomed by the staff and ordered our food. A few more patrons would trickle in both to dine and get take out. My husband and I both agreed our sandwiches were delicious. He got the original with cheez-wiz and peppers and I had the cheesesteak with onion and american. I thought it was nice that they came out in the dining room to ask how it was, a few people even came in at 8:02 and they we more than happy to serve them unlike other places that will turn you away 5-10 before closing. We will defitnitley be back, I am anxious to try the pizza steak on my next go around. Glad to have found you!
3	Ahh cheesesteaks, what a sensitive topic. Well I feel that before I start I have to state that I AM a Philly native. I'm not saying my review/opinion holds more weight than that of others, but basically, it does. Forefather's is good to go in my book! I tried their "the original" and it did bring a slight smile to my face when I bit into it. The shredded style of steak isn't my choice (see my Steve's Prince of Steaks review) but other than that, they've got it down OK. I won't ding them on their not using a certain kind of roll made from Philly local bakery Amoroso's as I don't believe that is a possibility out here. The only thing that I can say that is a negative about the place is that they are pretty pricey for the amount that you get. However, I too will accept this as things like this are pretty much a novelty here, and I guess I'll have to pay a little bit more for less to remind myself of home in between visits back east.The fries were OK, and I didn't get to use any of their fry sauce so I can't comment on that. +1 for the patriotic decor, and another +1 for their tribute to the "forefather's of cheesesteaks" display, even though I believe that the big two have become tourist traps and aren't really that great anymore (see SPoS review). Jim's is in the NE very close to Steve's. You "could" say that Jim's is Steve's biggest rival, except that Steve's is without peers.
5	Loved the food and thought the chocolate chip cookies was one of the best I've had (little crunchy but mostly chewy).   Great atmosphere, very clean.  Also loved the military display in the back.  Feels homey
5	First trip to Forefathers.  Very satisfied with the entire experience.  Friday at lunchtime.  Fast service.  I took several reviewers advice and ordered the number 1.  I made the mistake of ordering a large and could not finish the entire sandwich, but it was so good I almost made it through.  I don't know what other yelpers are talking about using pre-cooked meat.  They were grilling up fresh Porterhouse steaks while I watched.  Fry sauce is great. The food was great and the atmosphere was great.  The place was clean, including the bathrooms.  I will be back for more as soon as I recover from this food coma...
5	I've been to pats, ginos, and jims in Philly and this place is just as good as any of them. Always always always go with the whiz, and give the sweet potato fries a shot.  You won't be disappointed with this place. Hands down best and most authentic cheesesteak in AZ
5	One of my favorite places to eat. Everything on the menu is great.
5	Excellent lunch, definitely will return!
5	Outstanding cheesesteaks.  Nothing but good experiences here.  While you may spend more than you planned for lunch, the portions are quite large.  Always a good choice.
1	Made me and my bro sick. Tasted good at first but something wasn't right.
4	Really good steaks, a little pricey but good. Very friendly staff which always rocks!
5	Great Mom & Pop shop just off Priest, very attentive to your desires for a sandwich. Sweet potato fries are incredible especially with the fry sauce. Staff is always tending to keeping tables & bathroom clean, and the food is great! Will definitely be back :)
2	Not my favorite. The cheese steak was way too cheesy. The steak was completely lost in the cheese wiz. Good amount of steak but again not my favorite especially @ a $9.95 price for a large. The sweet potato fries with the fry sauce was good. I'm still on the hunt for the best cheese steak in the valley!
5	OOOMMMGGG...I am obsessed with Forefathers.  I think I could literally eat there every day.  They do have a bunch of sandwich options, although I've stuck with the Original "with wiz".  They have a small fridge with peppers and fry sauce--must try the fry sauce.  The staff there is so nice and it's always clean.  The only bad thing about going during lunch is that it is on the small side so seating can sometimes be a problem.  They do have outdoor seating though.
5	First of all, the service was awesome.  I will go back for that reason alone.  But, then there's also the food.  Nothing short of an excellent steak.  I got a Philly Original, "wit" and "wiz".  I also ordered fries and got a free drink.  I mean, c'mon.  Great place.  Reasonable prices.  As close as you can get to authentic in AZ.
5	This place is the best in AZ, hands down.. no comparison.  great size steak sandwiches...  Will definitely be back!
5	So I heard really good things about this place... I have been looking for a good Philly Steak in AZ, and wow did I find the right one! I walked in just before lunch time, and didn't have to wait in line I ordered #2 the Philly steak, and provolone wit onions.  I know cheese wiz is the way to go for a traditional cheese steak, but I am not a fan of cheese wiz in general; I prefer a better quality cheese like provolone. I decided to get the large, and a combo with fries, and drink. I looked down at the counter ready to pay, and I saw a huge awesome cookie. The guy at the register claimed they were good so I had to try it out.  The total for this gourmet meal was $15...I got the order in under one minute. I was pleasantly surprised, but at the same cautious because the food came out so fast it would suffer in quality.  Boy I was wrong! The Philly Steak was one of the best I have had if not the best. The fries were amazing!. Make sure you get the "fry sauce."  I washed it down with a coke, and finished it off with the giant cookie. The cookie was amazing.The only negative thing I could say about this review is the price, but you get what you pay for, and I went all out. Look to spend about $8-$12 which is standard for a Philly Steak around this area.
4	I liked this place.  Next time I go back, I won't ask for cheese-whiz on my Philly.  Also, I'll pass on the iced coffee which is way too sweet for my tastes.
4	I spent the last two years in Philadelphia and moved here a month ago. Have been to all the greats Jim's, Geno's, Pats and Tony Luke's. Forefathers is not going to beat any of these places, but it is a very nice copy of the originals. The meat is similar but they chop it up into smaller pieces here. Also they put the wiz on the bun and on top so there is good cheese to meat ratio happening. The bun could be more "crusty" for my liking but it did the job. I would recommend this place to anyone that wants to get a good cheesesteak but it will not be the same as the Great ones.
4	This place is awesome!  The cheesesteak is hands down the best in the Phx area.  Even the chicken cheesesteak sandwiches are amazing.  Hard to choose when you go, that's for sure!  Don't miss their fry sauce or the pizza fries.  MMMMMM!!!!  Oh and get some cookies.  Gooey deliciousness!
5	This place is amazing! If you want to be lame and not try their sandwiches, I highly recommend their steak salad if you are a little more calorie conscious. The steak still taste amazing and they have this ranch dressing with jalapenos...mmmmm and don't forget about getting a cookie.
2	This place got such good reviews from people purportedly from Philly that I was excited to check it out.  If you are really from Philly, you will find this place disappointing.  The meat is pre-cooked. The rolls bear no resemblence whatsoever to an Amoroso roll. The fries are battered. When I requested cheese fries (with melted mozzarella--something you can get in any pizza parlor in Philly) they were happy to make it for me (as pizza fries are on the menu) but it was battered fries with a SLICE of mozzarella melted on top. The cheese was lucky that it coated 10 fries. There are better places in Phoenix to get a passable cheesesteak (there is one place who's name I cannot recall, that actually flies in Amoroso rolls, tastykakes and Goldenburgs Peanut Chews--that sort of effort is to be commended.)  If you are looking for a good cheesesteak you will do better at any Jersey Mike's.
4	Four days and maybe seven hours ago, our hunger brought us forth to eat cheesesteak, to try a new restaurant, conceived in Philly, but dedicated to the proposition that not all cheesesteaks are created equal.We shared a large chicken cheesesteak with everything (onions, bell peppers), and cheese wiz, along with some sweet potato fries.The chicken cheesesteak came with a good amount of tender chicken, with a lot of flavor.  There is a free-range mini fridge that is stocked with sweet , hot peppers, and fry sauce which is nice so you can customize your order with as many or as little peppers as you want.  While the ingredients were good quality, the cheesesteak as a whole naturally doesn't really compare to any I've had in Philly, but it's good for Arizona!The sweet potato fries were my favorite part of the meal.  They tasted freshly cut, and were excellently cooked with just the right amount of crunch while still tender and sweet inside.So would our forefathers be impressed by Forefathers?  They probably wouldn't know what a cheesesteak would be, but if they tasted one, I would say they would be!
4	Forefathers Gourmet cheesesteaks & Fries rocks! This has become our new go-to place at least once a week. We live just a couple blocks from here, and love it. Prices are kind of up there for fast-food sandwiches, but you get what you pay for. It's quality all the way. We usually get the large chicken cheesestake wit onions and whiz, and it's so big, we split it. Yum. Fries are awesome too! Only complaint: closes at 8 p.m. Mon-Sat, and at 5 p.m. on Sun. Often on Sat's we're not thinking of dinner until 8-ish, and 5p.m. is kinda soon for Sun. Reminds me of Costco hours. Can't blame 'em, as they are probably family-owned.. but please think about staying open until 8:30 or 9 on Sat and maybe 6 on Sun. :)
5	One of my favorite Tempe spots, Forefathers really instilled in me a love for the Philly cheesesteak sandwich. When visiting, I always order the 2nd cheesesteak option with white American cheese, and either a side of french fries or their equally excellent sweet potato fries. For those wanting to manage their portions, their sandwiches also come in smaller sizes. After placing your order, be sure to go to the small refrigerator across from the soda machine and get a side of their sweet peppers to accompany your sandwich. This place has great food, and along with it a comfortable, casual dining environment. It also has friendly ownership and staff. It's been a while since I lived in Phoenix, but whenever I return and come to Forefathers, there are people working here who remember me and welcome me back. If you check out Forefathers, I am sure you'll want to come back again.
5	I've been here numerous times when I used to live in Az. I just never really put in my 2 cents about this place, but it is amazing!! I've been here with friends that are from Philly that compare it to all the great cheesesteak places over there and they said its just as great. Also I've never been disappointed in the service or the quality of the food. Yes at times you'll be dealing with a line but its not as bad only 5-10minute at max. Definitely a very friendly establishment. I've try all the other sandwiches but I still think the original is the best. The meat was always cook just right, still tender and was never dry. Having good bread is also another key to a good cheesesteak sandwich and it wasn't disappointing at all. Pair it up with a side of sweet potato fries and your good to go! This place won't disappoint you! When I make my way back to Az for whatever reasons that is. This is definitely one of the places on my list that I'll be making a stop at.
5	My husband is a huge fan of cheesesteaks and I never really have been.  After eating at this place, I can finally understand why he loves cheesesteaks so much.  We came here after reading the reviews on Yelp, of course.  It's a small place with sufficient seating (outdoor seating also).  Very clean inside.  The employees are friendly and do not rush you with your order.After eating at a different cheesesteak place, I had become weary of ordering whiz on my sandwich.  My husband bit the bullet and decided to try it, however, and after taking a bite of his, I wish I had did the same!  Their whiz is not that crap you find in a jar on the shelf in Walmart.  It has flavor and it compliments their cheesesteaks amazingly!  I had my cheesesteak with mozzarella or provolone (whichever is on the menu.. it's been a couple months since trying this place and I'm just now finding time to write up the review).  The cheesesteak is delicious by itself, but I definitely would have liked the whiz better.  These sandwiches are HUGE.  Glad I ordered the smaller one, because there's no way I could have eaten all of mine by myself.  Considering the cost, the portions are great!  Their fries were awesome, as well.  Next time, we'll try the sweet potato variety.  Never been a huge fan of them, because nobody can seem to make them taste good, but this place won't let me down, I'm sure! :)If you like cookies -- grab a cookie from there!  They seem to be fresh baked and made in-house.  I could be wrong about that, but either way they are damn good!Will be going back when we wander out that way again.  Will definitely be a staple destination spot anytime we find ourselves needing to go to IKEA, since it's nearby. :)
4	I am not happy with the co worker who introduced me to Forefathers.  Do I really need another way to feed my addiction to cheesy, beefy goodness?  Of course I do!This small restaurant in a Tempe strip mall has earned a special place in my heart.  No, not just because of the artery-strengthening cheese.  It is home to the best cheesesteak I have experienced since moving to AZ.While the menu offers a variety of choices other than cheesesteak sandwiches (chicken and even *gasp!* salads), I stick with what I know and love:Regular with Cheez Wiz ($7.35) - bring your appetite, because this sandwich is big!  A generous portion of thinly sliced meat and that oh so important Cheez Wiz is nestled within a soft bun.  It is gooey, drippy and messy.  Perfect.  If Wiz is not for you, it is also offered with white American cheese, Provolone or Mozzarella.  While I prefer mine with just the basic meat and cheese, you healthy types can also get any combination of 'OMG' - onions, mushrooms and green peppers.Fries are a very nice compliment to the sandwich.  Let's be honest here, fries are a very nice compliment to nearly anything.  Forefathers' fries ($2.55) are hot, salty and crisp.  If you haven't gotten your fill of Wiz on your sandwich, you can turn those fries into Cheese Fries ($2.95).  Either way, be sure to grab a container of 'fry sauce' (I am guessing this is some blend of ketchup and mayo).  One taste and you will want to put this on everything.  Lucky for me and my cholesterol level, this gem is nowhere near where I live.
3	I don't get the fuss.  I love cheesesteaks, and these are pretty average.  The contents are good, the buns aren't anything to write home about, and the prices are so-so.  I've had better cheesesteaks in the mall--and that's saying something.  Being from the Bay Area (and those of you from there know where I'm talking about).. it's really hard to find a great cheesesteak compared to a wonderful chain there.  I moved to Tempe a month ago, and I'm still on the hunt for a great cheesesteak.  Forefathers didn't quite do it for me.
4	Looking for good Philadelphia street eats? Well, Forefathers Cheesesteaks & Fries is the place for you!While Forefathers' is light on Philadelphia decor like the Liberty Bell, the sandwiches would give fan favorite Philly restaurants like Pat's, Geno's or Jim's a run for their money. And you don't have to be a Cheese Whiz fan. The gooey provolone on my sandwich left my mouth watering. The sweet potato fries were equally good. Be sure to sample the available dipping sauces like ranch, honey mustard, or (my fave) fries sauce.The next time you're in the mood for cholesterol count busting goodness, be sure to check this place out. Even Ben Franklin wouldn't need his bifocal specs to see that Forefathers is worth a fry...oops, I mean, try.
5	My entire family is from the Philadelphia area, so we know cheesesteaks. All of us agree that Forefathers has the best cheesesteaks that any of us have had in Arizona-- they definitely rival the famous Pat's and Geno's cheesesteaks. The bread is fresh baked daily, the meat is great quality, and the portions are generous. Ask for their fry sauce on your sandwich (they'll put it on for you at no extra charge), and get a side of sweet potato fries to dip into the fry sauce, too. Mmm, food heaven!
5	This will be brief, because you don't have to say a lot about great. I am from Philadelphia, and lived there over half my life. For a good deal of the time I was in the food business, and I have made my share of cheesesteaks. I try not to gush in my reviews nor do I criticize if I can help it (having been on the other side, I know how it hurts). But after eating at Forefathers for the first time, I can tell you this: You can get on a plane and fly to Philly for a great cheesesteak, and I have been to all the places there, but you can get one just as good right here. They do everything right- the set-up, the bread, grill technique, the meat, all perfect, as are all the extras- fried onions, mushrooms, green peppers, and your choice of cheese. I recommend provolone, but you have to try "Whiz" at least once.When I saw the price (about $8) for a small sandwich, I thought it was a bit high- until I saw it. They really overstuff a 7" roll. I haven't had a large sandwich yet (app. $11) but I plan to rectify that as soon as possible!
4	We have been here twice and both times were very good! My boyfriend likes his steak  sandwich with the onions, peppers, and cheese wiz, I get mine with provolone, mushrooms and onions, and we usually share some French fries. These sandwiches are HUGE!! I can't imagine ordering the large when I can barely finish the regular and I think next time I go I'll order the kid sized! Also if you order a sandwich and fries you'll get a free drink. I like the bread and I love that they have malt vinegar available! They also have sweet potato fries which are soooo- yummy! I will say its a bit pricey but it is really good... The atmosphere is clean, friendly, and very enjoyable. Whenever we have a craving for cheesesteak sandwiches this is where we go! Forefathers for the win!
1	Hey now, let's watch that young energetic staff at Fakefathers dump those "great" fries out of their respective bags into the oil (that includes the sweet potato variety). Now, let's watch the cook take inferior meat that has already been chopped up and is waiting in bins and dump it onto the grill with the pre-cut and measured onions and peppers and voila your sandwich is ready in 2.5 minutes. I want my freakin steak to start red and get cooked on the grill you idiots.  Ok, now let's pay $8 for a tiny sandwich that uses SIRLOIN steak, not ribeye and be happy about life. Nah, let's just call this place what it is:  a ripoff, a place that uses cheap ingredients to make a profit on the poor customers of Phoenix, who don't ask questions and assume because they throw alot of cheap meat into the bun, it must be worth the price.     Some folks take cheesesteak seriously and no lazy establishment is getting my cash these days. There was nothing to these sandwiches. no flavor and using sirloin is basically the equivalent of buying a pack of Steak-umm's and making these yourself at home. Garbage, overpriced cheap steak and frozen potatoes....enjoy your meal at FAKEfathers.
5	My wife and I just ate at your great restaurant in Tempe tonight! What attracted me was the name, "Forefathers," wondering if it had a patriotic flavor, and it did! The Cheesesteaks and fries were amazing, and I love the pictures of Washington, Jefferson, and Franklin on the wall, along with the American flag captioned with "In God We Trust" on the outside window. The staff was especially courteous, friendly, and professional too! We're new to AZ and will make Forefathers a regular stop.
5	Nom nom nom! Support your local business and your hungry stomach and go to this place!
5	Friendly staff, awesome cheesesteaks, and a great atmosphere!
4	They ruined my taste for my previous favorite philly shop. GOOD stuff. Fry sauce and all.
4	Yummmmy!  And sweet potato fries!
4	Sometimes you're just in the mood for a cheesesteak. It's not healthy. You know it's not healthy. But a well-made Philly cheesesteak is a thing of beauty. And when it hits the spot, that spot stays hit. Forefathers makes the best ones I've had. I like Capriotti's, but Forefathers is the reigning champ for me. Lots of meat, thick slices of mushroom, plenty of Cheez Whiz, and soft, delicious bread. Good fries, too!If you go for lunch, go early or call ahead. The place has a long line, which is generally a good sign.
5	Super, super delicious!
4	Went here for lunch to get a cheesesteak and it was fantastic.  Lightly buttered, toasted, soft bun, and plenty of meat, onions, mushrooms, and green peppers on top.  If you don't want cheese wiz then you can get it with provolone or mozzarella... but the wiz is what makes it!  It's not overly oily or greasy, and really hits the spot when you're craving a cheesesteak.  Make sure you get some of their fry sauce, which is just a variation of thousand island dressing (but is so good).  At this price point you could probably get something a little healthier and tastier, but when you want one, you want one, and this is the place to get it.  Check it out!
5	Is it true that I haven't reviewed Forefathers yet? I am in serious disbelief. Forefathers is like my favorite thing ever ever ever. For starters, the service is so wonderful here. It is family owned, so it definitely has a warm, inviting feel to it. You can watch them cook your sandwich right by the register, and it seems they are always talking with each other, laughing, and having a great time. From pure speculation, I feel like the family that owns it really enjoy each others' company. But I digress.Their cheesesteak sandwiches are amazing. Melt in your mouth, packed with flavor, fresh and hot off the grill amazing. The words escape me for how unbelievably delicious their sandwiches are. They are messy in the best kind of way - I don't even care how silly I look with greasy flavor dripping off of my elbow. Ten stars for the sandwiches. Fifteen stars for the sandwiches. A million stars for the sandwiches!The decor is also really great here. Lots of patriotism up in that joint. But seriously, try these guys out. I promise you it will be one of the best sandwiches you'll ever eat.
4	This place has a pretty good cheesesteak. Now I am sure someone from Philly would probably lynch me for even thinking that but I said it. It's not the best in the world but for a cheesesteak place that is close to my work it is pretty good. It is a little on the expensive side but worth the price of admission. The regular size is perfect for lunch, get it OMG style onions mushrooms & green peppers. The large is just too much for me. The fries are good. The service is pretty quick. You do have to kind of yell your order a little.They have a good cheesesteak that is close to my work so I will be back a few times for lunch. Not everyday but a few times a month.Love me some cheesesteak.
5	Gotta be some of the best cheesesteaks I've ever had. People are very friendly and fast! A must for steak lovers!
2	The chicken tenders were disgraceful.  Reconstituted chicken parts worthy of McDonald's. Our cheese steak sandwich was good but not great as you expect it to be with the word gourmet in the title of the restaurant.  The service was great and very friendly which makes me sad that I have to give a generally unfavorable review.
2	I checked Yelp and saw all the stars!!  I need to try this place and it was by Ikea.  Plus!!  I got the chicken & my hubby got the steak.  The place smells delicious.  I got the cheese fries.  They have a simple menu, I like it!  Ordered and I was expecting greatness.  I was so bummer to taste chicken and cheese.  No flavor (salt and/or black pepper)?  My hubby's steak was tasteless too.  The fries were good, but eat the cheese quick.  When it get cold, it does not taste good.
5	This place is the shit for Cheesesteak in the Phoenix/Tempe area, I am not sure there is anything that could match it! I always get the phili original w/ grilled onions, you know the works. The prices are a little high, from what I recall, 8$ for a 6 inch, and I always get fries because their fry sauce is simply amazing, so Ill spend around $13 if I get the 6 inch meal which comes with fries and a drink. Their condiments are all fresh tasting (banana peppers, etc) and atmosphere and decor is modern looking. Staff is very friendly and service is quick. I highly recommend checking this place out if you dont mind paying a little on the expensive end for cheesesteaks.
3	This place is tasty but just overpriced for my wallet.
2	Nice little spot, good food & service. It's just to expensive for me. $13 for a combo meal! Yikes!
5	Best cheesesteak around and the fries are perfectly crisp.
5	This is the BEST Cheesesteak I have ever had! The meat was juicy and the mushrooms and onions were cooked perfectly too! The fry sauce was out of this world. We also tried the tomato bisque which was extremely tasty! I only wish we had one back home in California.
4	Super Cheesesteak, maybe one of the best in town. Great service.....By the way, I know I said in another post about being a vegetarian...I actually ate here before that but because yelp can't figure out how to post a review from a mobile phone, it sat and I forgot (Throwing in my peeve about Yelp...haha)
4	Cheesesteak with cheese wiz and all the fixings was interesting and pretty good. Recommend giving this place a try.
5	Not busy at all today. Able to get in and out. Great service with some good recommendations! This spot was recommended by a friend for lunch who said they had the best cheesesteak sandwitches in town. I have to say that I was I'm pressed and even more impressed with the sweet potato fries. The great thing I liked about customizing the sandwitches was that I was able to add bacon to the delightful treat!! You can never go wrong when bacon is involved!! Great option for lunch!
5	The staff is really friendly and today I got a free drink with my order. I went to have lunch with a coworker and really wasn't that hungry. I only ordered fries (which are delicious) and the guy was nice enough to give me a drink. Some places will charge you for a glass of water! My coworker raved about his cheesesteak and I have always been a fan of their Buffalo chicken. The portions are large, so they really fill you up. They have a pretty good fry sauce too! This place is really close to where I work so that's a huge plus. Highly recommend this place if you're in the area. Don't leave without trying their cookies!! They're to die for!
4	Cheesesteak, do it the right way, with cheese wiz, perfection. If you're a fan of sweet potato fries they have great ones.Great lunch spot, order at the counter and sit, quick service.
2	Overpriced: Not only the food itself but also the medical bill and the gym personal trainer bill you have to pay afterward.
4	I was so happy with my choice of cheese whiz over provolone.  Normally I love provolone, but my husband ordered his cheesesteak with provolone and it was lacking in flavor.  If you ask me, the whiz makes the cheesesteak.  Try the sweet potato fries with their house sauce.
5	YUMMY!!!  This was my first time trying Forefathers and definitely won't be my last.  I ordered the regular steak philly with Cheese Whiz and although I will now have to up my workout tomorrow, it was worth it.  I loved that the sides were available to add as you like (the peppers)..great idea.   I also loved the sweet potato fries with fry sauce.  Love, love, love.  Thanks Tony!  Great place you have here.
5	Yelp brought me here. Your reviews were spot on! Such a cool little atmosphere and a cheesesteak you can't find elsewhere in the Valley. Definitely take advantage of the "Fry Sauce!" Even good on the sandwich! Will definitely recommend to friends.
5	I can't stop going here. There isn't a better place in town for quality and value. A meal should cost $15 of this quality and I pay $10.88 every time and never eat it all.Reg steak cheesesteak w/ Wiz, add "OMG" and buffalo sauce (which are both free to add FYI) and fried (best fries in town) you get a drink free with that for $10.88. And all you can get FRY SAUCE which you can't get anywhere except Utah and Idaho - this place needs to expand to where I live :)
4	Excellent! Tried Forefathers for the first time today and was impressed. Went for the beef with onions and Cheese Whiz. The bread was fresh and a great texture, the beef was cooked right with no "mystery meat" and the large size was certainly large. The cheese fries were fresh and cooked great as well. The only complaint I'd have wasn't the food, but the fact that even though it was an off time on a Saturday the dining room wasn't clean with trash on the floor and only a couple table tops not in need of wiping. But that has never stopped me from jamming my face with cheesy meaty goodness, so I'll definitely be back.
5	AMAZING!! Being from the Philly area and growing up eating and loving Philly cheesesteaks nothing ever compared out here.... Until we found this place. Phenomenal cheesesteak with cheese wiz is the way too go. Though all of the different ways are phenomenal! The sweet potato fries are great. And the fry sauce (I always did this after a friend of mine moved from Utah why we were kids). I find excuses to drive to Tempe just to get a cheesesteak. Must go!! Love this place
3	The Cheesesteak Saga continues...I had given up on Forefathers after a visit about a year ago resulted in a greasy steak with sparse, over flavored meat. But a recent return trip was better and showed why so many like the place.A decent steak. I like the cheese options, as only tourists go for wiz. Provolone is the tip. Meat was overall pretty good quality, though like many local sandwich places, there's not enough of it. They still over season. Good steak doesn't need to hide behind black pepper.Serving peppers on the side is a nice touch. Found the fries, both traditional and sweet potato, to be good. Nothing remarkable.Place is a little pricey compared to some competitors, but in all, a pretty good option for a displaced cheesesteak lover.
4	Forefathers is great. It's the best cheesesteak I've had in Arizona so far. I haven't tried many but best so far. The small sized one should be filling enough for most people. The fries are very tasty. It was a reasonable price for such a high quality. The staff was friendly and quick making the food. The restaurant was clean
4	When looking for a good cheese steak its all about the options! The "wit" or "wit out"  as well as the "wiz" you can keep that in Philly!  The secret here is the buffalo cheese steak! I suggest any cheese other than cheese wiz to get the full flavor! As for the fries some of the best this foodie has tasted and you can't go wrong with never ending fry sauce! Hands down best cheese steak on the east side. If you are thinking of going to other places nearby check out my other reviews....
3	Forefathers was recommended by my co-workers so I decided to try it out! Ordered a Philly cheesesteak with provolone, onions, and mushrooms; made it a meal and got cheese fries. The sandwich was ok, it didn't wow me like I was hoping. It didn't have enough cheese so I felt the sandwich was dry. The cheese for the cheese fries started hardening pretty quickly and was not hot at all. The location was cool and the service and employees were really nice. I am going to give it another try. Next time I'm going with  the "cheesewiz" instead of the provolone or the buffalo chicken and will try the sweet potatoes fries. I would give it a try wasn't that expensive either.
4	Its pretty decent.  Good flavor on the meat.  The bread can be a little chewier and well.. better.  But not too shabby at all.  Sweet potato fries are good though more slivery than a fry.  Not sure about the fry sauce that everyone raved about.  It might taste better on a regular fry.  Anyway, love the idea of the condiment fridge where guests can help themselves to peppers and such.  Would definitely return.
3	I've only been here once, before a night out on mill, and It was good, but I was expecting to like It more. Don't get me wrong, It was really good, but don't you hate It when u eat, then your thirsty, so your drinking glasses full to ease the thirsty-ness,then you get even thirsty-er, so you drink more, and It just gets worse and worse until your so full you can't drink anymore!!!!! But your still thirsty!!!! No? Just me? Ugh, I digress!..While I was here It got pretty busy and loud, which I didn't mind at all. I like the atmosphere and really liked the cheesesteaks. It was pretty huge, and the fries with cheese sauce were really good! I would come back here, but maybe not right before a night out, I'm pretty sure with all the water I drank I looked about 6 months prego!! :)
5	Hands down, the best cheese steak in the valley.  I pretty much order the same thing every time I go...the Regular Cheese steak with Wiz, OMG (onion, mushroom, green pepper) and sweet potato fries (and you get the drink for free when you order a side).  You HAVE to try their fry sauce...I could drink that stuff straight!  This is one of the few places that I get cravings for.
3	You know, I had this place built up in my mind to something that's better than it actually is.  Now, don't get me wrong, these cheesesteaks are better than those you'll get at a mall food court, but like those in south Philly, they are not.  The last time I was here I was really thinking I'd have a delicious sandwich, and it was ok, but really had no flavor.  I always get mine with everything minus green peppers, and provolone for the cheese.  The meat was tender, bread soft, but the sandwich had absolutely no flavor.  None.  Maybe I'm doing it wrong, but I think I've satisfied my cravings for Forefathers and will wait til my next trip to Philly to have another cheesesteak.  OH!  And I can't believe I almost forgot this, but I always get a kick out of the fact that this place is always full of dudes.  Always.  Single ladies, if you like a meat-eating man, get your carnivore on and go cruise this joint.  You will be WAY outnumbered.
5	This place is awesome.  Very very good.  Cheese steak was just like Jim's on south street.  From what I remember. But nonetheless it was awesome. Highly recommend.
4	its good
3	I've eaten here a few times now, and the cheesesteaks are absolutely amazing, but I don't care for their french fries and they blew it on the fry sauce (I am originally from the birthplace of fry sauce, so I know my fry sauce). The fries and sauce are what is keeping them from earning 4 or 5 stars from me.
3	Decent enough. I'd stop by again if I were hungry and it was nearby. Good service as well.
4	I'm impressed by Forefathers because the cheesesteaks here are almost as good as the ones I make!  3.5 stars, rounded up because Ben Franklin is a rebel, indeed.Here's my game plan when I come to this joint:1. Large cheesesteak with OMG (onions, mushroom, green pepper) and provolone2. Added pizza sauce and cheese whiz3. Small order of french fries4. Grabbed sweet peppers and cherry peppers from the fridge5. Combined everything together6. Thought to myself, "I am amazing."All that for under $13.  Not bad!The steak was juicy and tender, the veggies and cheese were of excellent quality, the pizza sauce took it up a notch, and the cheese whiz sealed the deal - like frosting on a cake!  I also really enjoy how they have the sweet peppers, cherry peppers, jalapenos, and fry sauce in little to-go containers.When I'm not in a steaky mood, I opt for the chicken + mozzarella + buffalo sauce, can I get a "hell yessss"?Bottom line: come out here and make the founding fathers proud that our country can celebrate unapologetic gluttony/awesomeness.
4	Quick service and a freshly prepared, delicious chicken cheesesteak sandwich.  The self-serve pepper fridge is a nice touch.
5	Good food, fast, friendly service. Cute little place with seating indoors and on a little patio out front. Clean too :-)Likely will go back and try other options. I had the chicken with buffalo sauce, white cheddar and all the veggies. Was really good and the price was good too.
4	I have visited this place 2 times with my husband.  I'll be honest, I've never had a "cheesesteak" before, so my review is based off of Forefathers and not a comparison of a philly cheesesteak.  By the way, they don't claim to be a Philly Cheesesteak, just a Cheesesteak.  Maybe it doesn't matter.  Whatever.The first time I had a regular size with Cheez Whiz, no peppers and onions.  In my experience you get big long strips of peppers and onions, so I passed.  I also heard a real cheesesteak has cheez whiz on it, not provolone, so I opted for the Cheez Whiz.  I also got an order of fries.  Let me say, you get a TON of fries and the regular size Cheesesteak is almost as big as a footlong.  This sandwich was YUMMY!!!  The fries were really good, and you have unlimited fry sauce.  I think the fry sauce was good, but a tad bit bland.  So i used ketchup as well.My hubby got the regualar size Cheesesteak with provolone, peppers and mushrooms.  I saw that the peppers were small and diced up!  He love his meal.The second time I got the regular sandwich, cheez whiz and peppers, he got the large sandwich with provolone, peppers and mushrooms.  We split and order of fries this time.  His sandwich was too big, and usually he can really pack food in, so this goes to show how big the sandwich is.  Again, we loved it!****Warning****** the food is a bit on the satly side, so order a large drink and bring some Diurex with  you!  Your calves will look like tree trunks if you don't!We will eat here again for sure.  I wish they were open a bit later though, they close at 8pm.  :-(
2	Lots of people make long reviews for some fast food joint,  im going to make mine short. My friend wanted to go here, so I thought I'd give it a try since I love cheeses teams. I've had the real thing in Philly, but you could never hold a candle to the best. Honestly, I don't know what the hype is all about. It's not that great to me. They use Kraft cheese whiz, which I could have bought at the grocery store. Meat didn't have much flavor. I felt like I got railed on the price, $30 for two sandwich combos, Cmon. Easy to miss unless you know where it is. Forgettable experience and was more upset when I left then what I came in due to the high expectations of other yelp reviews.
5	Excellent cheese steak anyway you want it. Order fries extra crispy they are killer.
5	So there we were on a Sunday afternoon, knowing I was hungry but not quite sure what I was in the mood for.  So pulled out my handy Yelp Ap on my phone to see what was in the area.  Forefathers quickly grabbed my attention.  Meat & Cheese yes! So there we go, I had the beef with cheese wiz, my BF had the chicken with marinara.  Both were loaded with meat/chicken, they were not stingy at all with the meat.  The lady at the counter was so friendly and helpful too.  I was able to get 2 cookies as a side, and OMG those cookies were the best! Make sure you try them, they are homemade, fat, and soft with chocolate chips. And normally I don't consider myself much of a french fries enthusiast, but they were so good I ended up eating half of my boyfriends order. I also loved the American theme, and felt like the place was a family business, I could be wrong but thats the vibe I got.  Overall, a very pleasant surprise.
2	Overpriced for what you get.  Roll was fair, a little spongy.  Meat was pretty tasteless and an odd texture.This place would never survive in my native Philadelphia.
4	I love the food here and the service is friendly and top notch.  Bit pricey at $10 and change for a regular cheesesteak, fries, and a drink.
1	Food is ok, service is pretty bad. When you go out to eat you should get your food the way you like it. I politely asked to fix it, even offered to pay more. The guy looked at me like I was stupid and did nothing for me.  I wasn't in the mood to argue so I let it go. If the food was great I would maybe put up with the jackwagon behind the counter but it was bland and nothing special so definitely never going back. When a customer is trying to give you money to be happy and you dont take it and leave them mad, there is a problem (management). Don't know how they can afford to pay 8 guys to stand around if they don't take my money.
4	Forefathers has a good cheese steak.  I'm yet to find one that is true Philly style, but this one comes close.  The first time I came here, I got the cheese steak with provolone, which was a mistake!  You have to get it with the cheese whiz or else you're not getting the full flavor and it's honestly really good.  The fries are fresh and crispy, made when you order them!  The fry sauce is actually very good, and I'm not a fry sauce person.Lastly, you NEED to try the cookie.  OMG - it's is delicious, soft and fresh.  It's worth every penny.Come and try this place out!  It's great for lunch, they are quick with their orders!
5	Hit this place twice a month. Great Cheese steak, fast service. Little noisy so I sit outside when it is not to hot.
5	I have visited this place many times since my move to Arizona. This is the place to go if you ever are in the mood for a cheesesteak sandwich. You can get it anyway you want it:  chicken or steak, with or without onions, bell peppers, mushrooms, and your choice of cheese. If you decide to get fries or even the sweet potato fries, be sure to get their special fry sauce to dip them! It's pretty good!And what I love about this place is that their cheesesteaks is that there's not a lot of grease as you would imagine there would be - it's quite opposite, so you don't wind up with soggy gross bread! Anywho....go check them out!
2	Overrated for sure.Low grade ingredients, served with a smile. Really the employees are very friendly,  but they seam unaware of the pour quality of the food they are serving at relatively high prices.  With fries in the name, I thought this joint would have some good fries, they where straight out of the freezer.  This place also needs a deep cleaning.  I think the floors are the type that never look very clean, so they need constant attention.  The vent in the bathroom is a tell tale sign of overall lack of attention to cleaning details not to mention the drink station.Being from Philadelphia does make me critical of the steak, but most of my review is not steak related.  I give the steak 3 stars; the roll being the closest I have found in the valley to right, but the meat... for get about it.
2	Nah, I don't think so.They had all the makings to look like a legit cheesestake place - big slab grill, whiz on the menu, pics of Philly...but then the mirage wears off and you drink the sand.  The meat reminded me of grocery store freezer chipped beef, lackluster flavor on a too soft roll.  The only thing I appreciated was the whiz-to-beef ratio.  Also did not appreciate the Disney World resort type prices - holy moly!  I think I'll keep looking.
5	Ate there on a friend's recommendation. The regular cheesesteak was superb.  I recommend the Cheez Whiz and OM.  A bit noisy during lunch, some sound absorption treatment would be help. Limited selection of soft drinks.  Local, family owned and cordial staff.   The beef was moist and flavorful. The hallway tribute to our Founding Fathers is a nice touch.  Yes we will be back.
4	Good cheese steak place. Good bread, meat and has the Wiz so its gotta be good. fries are good especially the sweet potato. A lil too pricey but good overall and quick.
5	Love this place! Simple menu and great food. Locally owned and well run. Busy for lunch, full of folks that appreciate a great meal. Try the complimentary fry sauce in the cooler by the fountain drinks.
5	Delicious every time! Never been to Philly but I guess I never need to. Get it with whiz, that's the best way.
5	Can this get any tastier!!? I think not- Super yum!
5	Utter deliciousness-every bite, every thing, every time.  I have been coming here for years and I am amazed at how good it is every time. Fresh home made rolls, high quality beef or chicken, quality cheeses make an amazing sandwich, and the fries, oh my goodness soooo good, especially the sweet Potato.  The fry sauce is a must but if you like ranch, ask  for some on the side, hause made and best on the planet.no joke-I would have it as my drink if I could afford the calories.  Employee turn over is low so they must take care of the staff,  and the owner is usually there, working just as hard as every one else.  Thanks for an amazing lunch.
5	I''ve just started really getting into cheese steaks and this place was awesome. Bread was good, and steak wasn't greasy. Fries were great too.
4	Simple menu. Delicious food. Reasonably priced. Did take out for lunch today and went with the classic Philly steak sandwich with the wiz, onions, peppers, and mushrooms. Super tasty. Seasoned well. Just the right amount. Really hit the spot.Didn't really care for the fries? Tasted like they had been fried in old oil. Will be back for sure to try the chicken. I need a nap now.
5	Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing AmazingAmazing  Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing
4	Great food. The sweet potato fries are excellent like other Yelpers pointed out. I got the steak philly with cheese whiz. Thumbs up from me.
2	We were in the area & decided to look on Yelp at what restaurants were nearby. Forefather's popped up at the top of the list & we saw that it had gotten pretty good reviews, so we decided to give it a try.The gentleman at the cash register was really helpful & recommended the Steak Cheesesteak with Cheese Whiz, OMG! Style (with onions, mushrooms, & green peppers) and the Chicken Cheesesteak with Provolone, OMG! Style. We agreed & got those along with a side of fries. Their combo includes a free drink when you order a sandwich & any side.The food came out really quickly & after only a couple of bites, it didn't seem worth it. Our combos were $11.25 each after tax ... Way overpriced. I only tried a bite of the steak so not much to comment about that but the chicken was cut too large & had no flavor ... the OMG didn't do much for it either. They had "fry sauce" too was basically just mayo & ketchup - not very impressive.So, in conclusion: Was it bad? No, it wasn't bad; we ate what we ordered. Was it good? No, it wasn't good either ... and it was definitely nothing special where we will we return.
5	Great cheesesteak! Combination of Pabst and cheesesteak would've been awesome if they offered it in the menu..that's just my suggestion for the owner :-)
4	Finally, a decent cheesesteak! If they had birch beer we might be talkin five star territory. But as is, good steaks and fries for this far west.
5	I love forefathers !!! Great cheesesteaks and fries...I take all vistors in town to this place and they love it as well...fast friendly service and great food keep me comming back over and over
5	Best Cheesesteak in AZ.  Been to Forefathers a lot and it never lets me down.  The service is good and the food is great.
5	I'm from out of town, and stopped in for a quick lunch. I was very impressed. Friendly staff, clean facilities, and amazing food! I have not has a cheese steak that good in a long time! Oh and the price is great for the food! 5 stars all the way!
2	I've been going here for years and was always happy with the food, until my last few visits. I'm not sure what has happened but the cheese steak does not taste like it used to. It's now not very flavorful.  It's always been high priced and I didn't mind, but I do now since it seems the quality has gone down.  Not sure if I'll be going back.
5	This place is awesome! The prices are reasonable (not dirt cheap but certainly fair) and the service is quick. I often go to a cheesesteak place by my work which--despite being less busy--always take too long to get my food! They don't offer too much other than fries and cheesesteaks  so don't go there if you want something else. Most importantly the food tasted amazing! The fries were the best in my opinion so I highly recommend trying them!
4	When you are visiting IKEA in Tempe and are not in the mood for meatballs, check out Forefathers! It's yummy, quick and affordable, nice staff too. Don't forget to try the sauces!
5	I found this place on YELP and was pleasantly surprised. I the menu is simple and straight forward. The entire place was clean and had a welcoming atmosphere. Our entire experience was met with great customer service, a friendly staff, very nice owner and the food was great. My wife had a salad with chicken and I had a cheesesteak with the steak. The portions were generous but not overwhelming to leave you feeling overfull. The flavor was great. Even though I live on the west side I would make the trip to enjoy the food again. I had the opportunity to speak with Victor, the owner. He was very accommodating and really nice to talk to you. I recommend Forefathers for a great meal at a relatively low price.
3	3.5 stars!  Came here on whim when this other cheesesteak spot we wanted to try out was closed for the day.  We had a long day of furniture shopping ahead of us and we needed to fill our tummies.  Enter Forefathers!The establishment itself is very clean and modern.  The staff was patient while we studied the menu and they seemed like a happy bunch.  I had ordered a regular cheesesteak  provolone and some plain crispy fries .  I almost regret not getting it with Cheez Whiz and OMG style but I figured I didn't need all that cheese filling me up and onions and peppers just didn't draw me in.  I did end up having to dump some fry sauce into my cheesesteak after the provolone got cold and it became a bit dry to eat.  I think this sandwich had great flavor and it's pretty hefty and filling.  The price is a bit steep but you do get a lot of meat [although not fresh].  It's a solid and decent cheesesteak.
5	Seriously so good! I got the cheesesteak with cheese wiz and onions with a side of sweet potato fries and it was delicious!! You have to come by here and try it out!! So bomb! By the way, service here is awesome too. Check them out!
5	From the cheesesteak to the fries and fry sauce.. AMAZING! Best Philly cheesesteak I've ever had!
5	This place is legit! I got the OMG Chicken Cheesesteak, and it hit the spot. Clean restaurant with friendly staff. We will be back.
5	We tried Forefathers for the fist time last night, it was a very good experience. The staff was nice and helpful, the place was clean and comfortable, very casual. The side salad was fresh, the fries crispy, and they offer a bevy of free sweet bell pepper, cherry peppers, jalapenos, or fry sauce. Our household believes the best thing about the place were the cheese steaks, yummy and satisfying.
4	T'was a good lunch. Got the cheesesteak OMG + whiz and tomato bisque. Came during lunch peak but service was still fast and made  to order. Sandwich packed with meat and veggies came out hot and seasoned well. The bisque was thick and creamy. All in all $12. A bit steep but okay once in a while. While great tasting, can't imagine eating this all the time and staying slim. Will be back when craving something hearty and hefty.
5	First time here. Great service and great food.  The cheesesteaks are really good. I had one with cheese wiz and my wife with american cheese. Ordered a side of fries and got a free large drink! They have fresh peppers in a mini fridge by the drinks fo free! The wife and I will definitely be back.
5	Forefathers has a great atmosphere and even better food. The steak with OMG and fry sauce is amazing. Be warned though, the large is LARGE. Go hungry and you'll leave happy.
5	Best cheesesteak in town.  The meat is always moist an flavorful, the bread is always soft, and the restaurant is always clean.  You get a ton of food for the price of the meal and you would spend just as much anywhere else for a similar meal at any other sandwich shop.  I enthusiastically recommend this place to anyone looking for a great cheesesteak.
5	Wow.  This was an awesome cheese steak.  The menu is really simple but if you want cheese steak this is it.  The cheese steaks were delicious and the service was great.  I don't live on this side of town but when out shopping near by i will be back for more.
3	3-3.5 stars...Needed to grab lunch and looked to Yelp to direct me while traveling.  Reviews looked good for Forefathers so we tried it out.  When we arrived the place was packed...which was a good sign.  Service was fast and friendly with everything cooked to order in front of you.  Overall the Philly was good (steak, w/ provolone and hot sauce), as were the fries along with their 'fry sauce'.  It wasn't the best Philly I have ever had, but would be worth stopping in again for a quick lunch.
5	A co-worker told me about it and I was intrigued by the name. I love supporting small businesses and especially adore the businesses make their love and support for America well-known. The food was delicious and well priced. The atmosphere was very clean and inviting. The staff was friendly and helpful which is always a major plus! I had the chicken cheesesteak which in past experiences from other restaurants have been very dry, but not here. It was very flavorful and moist.
5	Freaking love their cheesesteaks... Yum yum yum. Prices are a bit high, but worth it especially when you're in the mood!!
4	First time today and I'm with it... I had the cheesesteak with American peppers and onions and fry sauce and I wasn't disappointed. They're could've been a little more meat on it if there was one downfall I felt like there was a lot of bites of mostly bread and no meat but it was still very good. Staff was mostly in the back besides for when I ordered and weren't very outgoing but weren't rude either so I can't complain I will definitely be back when I'm craving a cheesesteak. The $9 price tag for a regular cheesesteak seems a little high though
4	Super delicious cheesesteaks.  The location is clean and tastefully decorated.  The bread was awesome.  Their fries are dynamite (malt vinegar and fry sauce are the way to my heart). We ordered a mini cheesesteak for our daughter and for free they upgraded her to a regular sized, great customer service.  We will definitely be back soon!
5	Very good food! Love the taste with the cheese wiz..Yeh, I'm easy to please having grown up on cheese wiz. Had the large cheesesteak work meat and cheese only. Tasted great to me...won't know till I go to Philly how close to the real deal it is. Had the cheese fries too! Satisfied customer! Only knock is the price for the large...I could of ate 2 of them effortlessly...but after getting cheese fries and a drink, almost $14 just for me. Great food though...now to my wife's leftovers!
3	Mmm I hate to say this, but I wasn't impressed.  I got here at noon on a Sunday and the place was empty.  The menu was easy to follow, the lady at the register was nice, I like that they have free peppers and fry sauce (reminded me of Cane's sauce) next to the soda machine but the sandwich wasn't impressive.  When served, it looked like there was a ton of meat, but as soon as I took a bite, I realized that half of it was bread and the sandwich, in fact, had no problem closing.  I felt like there wasnt enough cheese on mine, but my boyfriend complained he had too much, a matter of perspective I suppose.  Or inconsistency.  Prices were average for a philly cheesesteak ($8.30 for a regular).  I'm not from Philly so I can't weigh in on whether it's authentic but I doubt I'll be back.
4	Very clean. Fair price for the quality food and ingredients. Simple menu. Good cheesesteaks and fries. Be aware of the cheese fries as they use real thick cheese :). It may be a little overwhelming. Overall, very good restaurant. We will return.
5	Been coming here since the day they opened and they have never deviated from serving the best Cheesesteak, Fries and sauce in all of Arizona.  Guaranteed excellent meal.
3	My first time in here. I had a chicken sandwith with onions, mushrooms and fries. The flavor was acceptable,  I wished they cut the chicken cubes in smaller size bites. The fries left oily on the plate. The fries sauce was great. I also had steak sandwich.  It was good. The bread was great touch. I might go back to give another try.
3	Honestly.. What's up with everyone's amazing reviews.. I got two sandwiches no sides no drinks and it was 24$ bucks.. Imagine if I got a side of fries with that. The food wasn't even that good. For only having cheese steaks your food better be amazing. That's like In N out they have just burgers and there food is amazing. Come on.. It's alright but you can go to jersey mikes and it would honestly taste better then this place.
