5	Ok so I was just in Vegas for the day, although I'll be moving out there in the next few weeks.  I just needed a hair cut by someone who knew what they were doing because my hair was a freaking train wreck that had been worked on by several, fixed by none.A friend told me about a salon at this location, but it wasn't the Paul Mitchell one, it was some other one that I can't even remember now.  I turned into the strip mall entrance and saw straight ahead "Paul Mitchell School" and decided that's where I was going to go.BEST.  IDEA.  EVER.  It's exciting and lively and creative, full of students who know their business.  So you get a consultation, a stylist who is a student and then a senior stylist who isn't.  And the two work together to create magic on your head.  My stylist was Vanessa.  The senior stylist was having Vanessa do so many different techniques on my hair...some that I'd never even seen before.  I was amazed.  It was just such a creative environment.  And all the stylists, students or not, had AWESOME haircuts, colors and styles.The upshot is I was treated like a princess, got a fantastic haircut, and it cost $15!!!!  Of course I bought $80 in hair products, but I really needed them anyway.  $15 for one of the best cuts I have ever had.There's just something about enthusiastic stylists who aren't complacent, but really push the limits of their skills and creativity.  I'm very happy to have found my salon in my new town.  It's a huge relief.  I can't wait to go back.  We already planned what we were going to do for my next cut!
4	I just recently visited PM The School.  I am pretty fussy with my hair but I love a bargain.  Afterall, hair will grow back.  That being said, I have to say that I had a great experience this past week.A cut and color (semi-permanent color) cost me $45.  Plus a few bucks for tip. Breakdown $15 for the haircut and $30 for the color.I came in and was greeted right away & checked in and then given a Color Bar which describes the different services and products offered.  I was then greeted by my stylist.  I only made an appointment for a hair cut but after talking to the stylist I decided to get a semi-permanent color done to cover the few greys that I have.  It was nice to have some flexibility.  Take note, that I went during the week.  This flexibility might not be available during the weekend.  Either way, after a consult with the Learning Leader aka the instructor we were free to proceed.  The entire process took about 2 1/2 hours.  Not too bad.  My stylist was very eager to please and made several adjustments as she cut my hair.  It's nice to have a stylist listen and actually want to do what you ask. A few notes if your going to try them out...First, ask for a more experienced stylist (school lasts 1 year).  From what I understand they work in the afternoon and the weekends.  The cost is the same.Two, understand that this is a school.  It may take you longer than if you were at a regular salon.Three, you can make a future appointment with the same stylist if you like them.Four, check for specials.  I was told that they run monthly specialsFive, I was not pushed to purchase product.  Although I must say that they did have the large bottles of PM Shampoo for 2 / $28.  Not the best price I've seen around but not the worst.I booked a future  appointment and look forward to going back.  The energy and the stylists here all seem to be very happy to be here and to have customers.  p.s. If you want to just check it out but are afraid to get your haircut, they offer a wash and blow dry for $10.
4	I went their today for a pedicure using a certificate I had from the Radio Shopping Show. Amanda took care of me and was super attentive, explaining that she was just waiting for a station, and then coming back and letting me know it was only a few minutes longer. She took me to the back and made sure the temperature was correct, she took her time and really did an awesome job, even replacing her top coat when she felt like she could use a better one.She was awesome and does not graduate till August so I am going to be sure to go back and see her again,.Everyone there is super friendly and attentive. Thanks for a wonderful experience!
3	Two Words: PAINFULLY. SLOW.Got a student who only had 2 months left in her schooling, which was nice, but man, oh man, she was SLOW. I had a partial weave, and all over touch up, and hair cut. So after the consultation with the teacher, and everything she got started... I probably only had 12-15 foils, and the rest was just a root touch up. But after 3 hours (yes 3 HOURS) I decided to skip the cut and blow out cause I didn't want to be there another 3 hours.She definitely did a good job though!! She was professional, and my hair turned out great!!If you don't mind sitting there forever, I would definitely recommend this place. I won't be going back however, cause my time is worth the money I would have spent if I went somewhere professional. Also, they don't tell you they only take cash tips. I don't carry cash with me, so I couldn't leave her anything. They should have told me this when I booked the appointment.
5	So, on Sunday, Lil Man and I went to Walmart to buy things for the house like a small fridge for upstairs.. (being lazy - but that's ok given the temps are rising) and cleaning supplies. He ended up getting an early grad present which was another airsoft gun to add to his collection. When we finished shopping, we came out to the car to load up everything. One of the employees was kind enough to pull the cart with the fridge on to the car, then load it in the car for us. As we were loading the car, flyers were flying all around the parking lot and I asked Lil Man to pick one up to see what was going on. Paul Mitchell The School was doing $10 haircuts and donating the portions to the Gulf of Mexico for the oil spill. So it wasn't too far from where we were and I decided to make a trip there. Lil Man didn't like the idea, but knew that he had to get a cut anyways. At first when we walked in, it was not busy at all; I mean the students were all sitting around waiting for people to walk in. I was only going to get Lil Man's haircut and call it a day, but then I was decided "What the hell". I ended up getting a haircut too. Thanks to Alyse, I love my new cut. Lil Man got all his hair chopped off and I got it cut short in the back and kept it kinda long in the front. THANKS ALYSE.
5	one of my good friends frankie attends this school. if i were you i would go to her. she does such an amazing cut and color. i have super curly hair and when it starts to grow out it looks almost even better than when she cut it. and if you dont know curly hair is extremely difficult to cut and manage and i have been nothing but happy with the work she has done on me. i start beauty school in about a week NOt at paul mitchell but i will secretly go there to have her do my hair :D
5	If you're looking for a cosmetology school to attend I would  highly suggest taking a look here. I recently graduated from here in June 2010 and I LOVED IT. It's been the best schooling experience in my life. I attended for the Skin Care Program. Staff and Learning Leaders do what they can to make sure you get the most out of your schooling. I appreciated everything that was done fr me and I'm extremely happy I chose to go to this school.Thank you so much PMTS-LV
5	I stopped in to the Paul Mitchell School at the last minute and they were gracious enough to squeeze me in for a hair cut.  I really wasn't sure what to expect when I was greeted by one of the stylists in training, Alicia.  Not only did she do a great job on my hair, but she was very friendly and professional, and she sent me out with a lot of great new tips and techniques.  I've never had more compliments on my hair in one day!
4	I got an incredible haircut out of this. I now know where to go where people can handle long hair. I wasn't waiting long at all before I was seated. The shampoo room is relaxing and has different music from the salon that allows you to calm yourself with the aromas of the shampoo/conditioner of your choice. Having the hair cut brings me to my only part of my complaint, but it is very well understandable. The students have to discuss with their teachers about what they are going to do with their client and how they will cut it, so this is very time consuming. There are many check-ins with the teacher, but this amounts to a great hair cut/color/whatever you do with your hair. Hair wash, cut, dry/style was $15. I got a shine on mine that is said to last 4-6weeks and this was $20. Very happy person with fantastic locks that were blowing in the Vegas breeze! This place is worth the wait, and I would not recommend you coming here if you are in a hurry, To top it off, if you are weary about "just students" cutting your hair, the specialists/teachers will fix your hair with no extra charge if something does manage to go wrong.
4	I will come again. It is just a slow process so bring your crack berry! I got a great cut and style but took 3 hours.
3	went there for hair cut. I understand that they are students and learning and we should all give them a chance, but literally my hair color took about 7 hours...come on now... and it didn't still turn out the way i wanted.. they left me with blond strikes and stuff... but if you go ask for an advanced student because i went there back to get it fixed and the advanced student fixed it. go there to give these students a chance to learn but make sure you have plenty of time to spend.
1	i would have given this place a 0 but unfortunately that's not possible. my appointment for a cut and color was at 10 in the morning and i didn't end up leaving that place till 330 ish. i have read the reviews and they do say that it was a long process.i got set up with a girl named cory. & from off the bat once she started working on my hair i could tell she had no patience to do so since my hair was very long and thick. she kept sighing and the vibe i was getting from her was very unpleasant and unprofessional. i got to pick out what color i specifically wanted from a color book, and confirmed it with her. she discussed it over with her teacher and i overheard her teacher saying a whole different shade, as she came back she didn't bother to mention the change. i kept quiet as i thought that the teacher would have known what would look best with my hair. i had to do a color balance that took anywhere from 45 mins to an hour. then cory and another lady that helped her started working on my hair. the lady whom i hadn't got her name was very nice. after a while they finally got to working on putting color in my hair. a lady who worked there advised them to try to finish early so they could go on there break at 1. i was kinda set back as i would have liked them to take their time with working my hair even if it was a long process.i had to do a takeover with a girl named ashley. she came off very nice at first. she finished up putting the color in my hair, but there were some issues with having enough amounts of color in the back. they ran out of the color they were using on me so they had to use the same shade but with shine. i wasn't too pleased with that. she finished me off, rinsed off the color, and finally was ready to cut my hair. she had cut my hair and left uneven pieces, and even messed up my bangs. i was sooooo pissed off, i did keep my cool. i was even so supposed to get a scalp massage or else my haircut would have been free, but i just wanted to get the hell  out of there. after she was done working with my hair i was waiting in the waiting room for my ride, and noticed how much she messed up my bangs. i got up and walked over to ashley whom was already half way done cleaning up her station. i informed her that my bangs were uneven. her response "it's kinda hard for me to have your hair all even." i was pissed. she tried to fix it with me just standing there letting hair fall all over me and my clothes. after all that she told me my total would be $106. which in actuality it rang up to $120. i was pissed. she even stood by the register as i was paying for me to give her a tip. overall bad experience. i didnt get the color i wanted, i will not be going back nor will i recommend this place to anyone.
4	Fifteen dollar haircut? Yes! Now, you have to understand, this is a student-run salon. Every cut, color, and at times brushstroke is overseen by a teacher, and in this, the hair process is a long one at that. I've had students who have been god-awful, and just given up on cutting my freakishly long hair. But my first visit always gives me hope that the next time will be just as good. First of all, the shampooing room is perhaps my favorite part other than the aftermath of cutting and styling. As calm music plays on in the background, you close your eyes to shampoo and a complimentary head massage. Then the process begins - every cut is monitored as to teach the students the basics of working in a salon. Yes, it's tedious. But then again, it's cheap. Never have I ever encountered a completely terrible haircut.The Paul Mitchell School is especially great at cutting-edge haircuts or colors, so if you're looking to take a risk with your hair, go for the novel, embrace the edgy, go here. Also, they sell the Paul Mitchell products here - the Awapuhi collection before it hit retail stores (my favorite, completely orgasmic). If you can wait through a two-hour process of cutting, styling, and consultation, then Paul Mitchell is for you. If the fifteen dollar cost is not worth the wait, go elsewhere.
5	seriously one of the best haircuts ive ever gotten by yaniss and her instructor brett, i cant thank them enough! they made my super thick hair look great, i am going back for color this week! i hope its just as good....like other people have said it is a long process so be prepared and if your on a time schedule then break up your cut and color into different sessions...thats what i ended up doing.
4	I've gotten my hair cut and colored here a couple of times...I've always been very pleased with the results.  The students and instructors are very pleasant.  I don't come here as often as I'd like because they take a long time.  Just keep that in mind...this is a learning experience and they take their time to get their practice in.Recently, I went in because they have dog products, which are cruelty free.  I have a French Bulldog and she has some serious folds on her sweet, little mush face!  I went in to get the face and ear wipes.  Her folds look better and her face smells good!  And you can't bet the $11 price tag!
1	Took 3 hours to get my highlights touched up and was then told that it was too late to start on my cut and I would have to come back another day.I told them I would rather forgo the blowdry if they could give me a quick cut, no layers or anything time consuming. They said no so I left with wet hair and no cut.  My highlight touch up may have only cost $37 but now I still have to find somewhere to get my haircut and I wasted my entire afternoon. I will never go back!
1	4 processes later and ruined hair. What was I thinking. Spend the money and go to someone who will do the right and who will listen. The teachers at this school need teachers!!!!
5	Paul Mitchell Shampoos, Hair Cuts and Styling O mY!!!!!! I don't let anyone touch my hair but Paul Mitchell's Products and his army of stylist. Ask for the keratin treatment, It will leave your hair so SHINY and SMOOTH you'll almost doubt It's your hair!!! The students that work on your hair here are all PROFESSIONALS that KNOW what they're doing and are very friendly.The Paul Mitchell School Is located on busy Eastern St In the South/East part of the city. I would suggest coming here In the evenng when It's less Congested, I came here after five once wth an appointment and It was SOO nice not to have to deal loud gossip-e neighbors.
1	One word, awful! I have short hair and was very specific and told the girl to NOT give me a triangular graduation (basically an A line with the back being very short like a boy) and I walked out of there with the worst triangular graduation. The total opposite of what I asked for. Basically it looks like dog ears and I cried. I kept interrupting her saying not too short in the back but she just kept cutting away. When they asked if I liked it, I was honest and said no. I flipped through their guide book and pointed it out the triangular graduation. I said this is what you gave me, and this is what I was specific about not wanting. The learning leader Brent or Brett practically told me off and made me cry. Saying it was my fault for being too picky. Um hello its my hair, I have a right to be picky. The only good thing that came out of this experience was that I got great highlights for cheap, but I was there what seemed like all day!I would not recommend this salon for those with short hair. GO SOMEWHERE ELSE! I now have to go somewhere else and wear a hat or hoodie in the mean time.
5	Best haircut and color I have ever had, hands down. The students take their time and make sure everything is right and the price is great. I wish I didnt move because it's the best hair salon I have ever been to.
5	What a great experience - and a great value for the minimal cost! This was my 2nd visit to the Paul Mitchell School Salon. My first visit was in January for a deep conditioning and trim. They did a great job, and the tranquil shampoo room was comparable to a high end spa/salon. For my 2nd visit this past Saturday, I went for the works: foil highlights, deep Awapuhi conditioning treatment, significant cut (new style) and blow out. Four hours later I left the salon looking, and feeling like $1m bucks and 10 years younger  :-)  Chris was my student stylist this time. About 30 minutes into the service he confessed to me that I was his very first "live" client. I could see he was nervous when he first started to work on me, but he had great support form another more seasoned student, as well as the instructor who stopped by periodically to check on his work and offer suggestions. as we reached the blow out stage, his confidence increased, and by the end I could see his joy and pride in his finished product!He really did a great job, and 2 days later, at work today, I am getting one compliment after another! Please don't expect a quick / fast appointment; they take their time and as I said, I was there for over four hours (I arrived for a 10am appt on a Saturday, and left shortly after 3pm).It's worth your time though because the atmosphere is very nice and it's a great way to relax and enjoy the experience! And all for an unbelievably low price. My total for the "works" was only $64! (Compared to $300 or more at a salon)
5	I'm not so much of a salon guy but I took a chance after seeing this school on Facebook. The prices looked affordable and I'm all about helping someone learn their trade. Being a canvas for an artist to work on really pulled me into this shop and it was right down the street so I decided to make an appointment. Boy am I glad I did.As soon as I entered, the receptionist was attentive and inviting and made sure I that I was taken care of. This put me at ease of being in a salon and kept my mind off the fact that I was at a salon in comparison to a Great Clips (gasp! Yeah, I know, I usually get my hair cut at Great Clips, I really need to treat myself haha.)As soon as I sat down, I knew this wasn't going to be a regular hair cut as I was treated to a luxurious shampoo and condition in a lavish, spa-like room. The lights were low and the music was tranquil, extremely relaxing. After the shampoo, I was treated to a haircut unlike any other. You see, when I get my haircut normally, I am shoved into a chair, given a military-like experience and pushed out the door. There's minimal conversation and the cut is impersonal and forgettable. Quite the contrary here at the Paul Mitchell School, I was engaged the entire time I was in my chair talking about The Beatles, hair, Sex Pistols, Las Vegas; you name it and we talked about it. Not only was the conversation extremely free-flowing, but the knowledge I gained about my own hair was completely insightful. I was informed of my hair growing patterns, different styles I could do with it and more which I never knew about my own head wig. Very cool.If you're going here to get a cut, make sure you request Andrew Hanson, the dude is a master with the shears already and you'll want to get a cut from him before he's charging hundreds of dollars at a top salon. The dude is going places.10 stars if I could.
5	SO happy with my hair! I've been to beauty schools before for hair services and have not always been happy. I went into Paul Mitchell wanting a cut and color.I was assigned to Taylor, Mika and a "protege" named Cassie. I brought pictures of both the cut and color I wanted, which helped a ton. They brought out the color book and figured out what color dye they should use based on my natural color and the dye already in my hair. I'd never seen so much thought go into picking a color and now I know why they do it: it came out perfect! The cut also went super well and I'm really happy with it. The salon is clean, bright and open. The students all seem very happy and at ease. They work really well with each other and the instructors. The price for my services was discussed before anything was done, which was much appreciated. My color ended up being $35, as they had to use two bowls of dye (I have a lot of hair!). The cut was treated as an add-on to the chemical service, so it was only $10.The only negative was the time my services took. I was there for close to 5 hours. But that's normal for a school, so I wasn't bothered. However, if you're in a hurry or a very impatient person, you're only going to get frustrated. I'm very, very happy with the whole experience and I'll definitely be back!
5	Took a chance and was pleasantly surprised! One of the best haircuts I've ever had! I will definitely go back.
4	I have been there twice in the last 4 months,and have just made another appointment, I go to Mitchie,She is wonderful! Yes it takes alittle longer than a traditional Salon,but the End result is worth it! I have had all over color and Highlights done,and they are constantly being checked by a Supervisor, Which is a Good Thing. So if you are in the right frame of mind,and bring patience,you can have a wonderful experience,and a Professional result.
5	I am a last-minute decider about my hair.  I have three kids (two still at home) and I am busy, busy. busy with the daily routine of keeping my family organized and happy.  So when I decide I want some pampering, it's usually THAT DAY.  I looked around on Groupon and Living Social for some deals, and remembered seeing a Paul Mitchell School close by.  I checked out their website, popped my eyes back in my head after seeing the low prices, and called for an appointment.  The woman on the phone was VERY energetic and friendly, and offered me the choice of 10:00 or 1:00.  I chose 10, and rushed to race out the door (I had 15 minutes).  When I got there, I was greeted with a smile, signed some paperwork, and had a seat.  I was then shortly greeted by Painter, and then Paul.  They spent some time getting to know what I wanted.  I was a strawberry blonde and wanted to go dark for fall/winter.  Their Learning Leader (the stylist that oversees them to make sure they are doing a good job, and doing it right) came over to verify what I wanted, seeing as I was going dark!  I assured her it was what I wanted, made the comment that 'it's only hair', and we got to work.  Painter and Paul took their time, they were meticulous and did a fantastic job.  Painter then took me to the Wash House and gave me a fantastic shampoo, massage and conditioner and massage.It had taken a bit of time at this point, so Painter had to hand me off to someone else for my cut.  Sabrina came over and got to work.  She did a GREAT job on my cut, not sacrificing a lot of length, but making it healthy and shaping it well.  A great blowout, and I was walking out of the salon with a new attitude!Go, go, GO to Paul Mitchell the School.  I've already gotten several compliments on my hair, and when I tell them I went to PM, they gasp.  These students know what they're doing, you can feel the creative buzz when you sit in the the chair, and it's fun to look around and see what everyone is doing.  I will be going back as soon as I need another trim and touch up
5	Love my hair but I always do when I go see Patrick!! He is the best. You won't be disappointed.  I was so nervous at first but now I'm so great ful to have found such an awesome stylist and great prices.
5	I came to the school about a week ago to get my hair done from my friend Stephanie. I couldnt believe how much the school was like an actual salon and how helpful all the teachers were. I love the wash house experience. It was one of a kind that I havent had at any other salon.  When my cut and color was done I was so impressed and proud of my friend. I cant wait to go back to the school again and again until she graduates because the prices are such a good deal too
5	Love love love my haircut. Tiffany was my stylist, and she did a great job. This was my first time here, so I didn't know what to expect. I had an appointment, but it still took 25 minutes after my appointment to start. This is an awesome place, just make sure that you have plenty of time. My cut took 2 hours, as each stage of the cut had to be reviewed. Would definitely book another appointment. Just know that you can only tip your stylist with cash. They do not allow you to add the tip to your credit card.
4	I was very happy with the haircut I received. I was treated courteously and on time, which is great for me. I'm always on a schedule. Now, I have a haircut easy to style and looks adorable. I also loved the products the stylist used on my hair.
1	At the end of December, I had the worst possible experience at this school. I arrived for my appointment at 1:15 and did not leave the school until 10:45 at night.  I came in wanting caramel and reddish highlights added to my deep brown hair and received all over orange-red color with white-blonde highlights. I'm not even that picky about my hair, I just dont want to look like a clown. My best friend, who accompanied me, was far worse off however. She wanted low lights added to her blonde hair, and they turned her into a zebra. As they spent hours trying to reverse the process, her hair was destroyed. And they attempted to charge her almost 70 dollars for it. As she walked out to her car crying her eyes out, I decided to go back inside and make them give her her a refund. Which they did, but it took 20 more minutes as they initially didn't want to. At the end of this horrendous process, one of the instructors, Alexis, took over and fixed my hair. It looked nice in comparison to the clown like hair i was given before Alexis stepped in to fix it...but it was virtually identical to what i walked in with. And i dont think that the 96 dollars i had to pay for it was remotely fair. I rarely have a full day off from work, so the time i lost sitting in that chair only to have my hair come out looking exactly the same as when i went in was invaluable. It definitely added insult to injury.And i understand that its a school. And that students need practice. To be honest i dont even think it was their fault at all. The instructor, Nadia,  told them to do this to our hair. At least my hair isnt completely fried like my friends. The only person who seemed genuinely concerned for us throughout this process was the teacher, Alexis. If she weren't so considerate I probably would have thrown a fit at the cash register. All of the other teacher/management-types in the building clearly couldn't care less. We have both had our hair done at the school before...and even though my friends hair initially came out orangey, it was fixable because the student and instructor listened to what she wanted initially. We both left very happy the first time we went...but not this time. And we wont be back. But as I mentioned earlier, I doubt most of the people running this place will care.
1	Worst experience at a salon ever.  I got burnt during the wash and during the blowout.  I should have known this was a bad idea when I walked in.  As soon as I sat down I heard the music turn way up and all these shreeks followed by "OMG, its Friiday!! Friday Dance Partaay!!!"  All the instructors started dancing instead of watching students coloring hair or helping any of the stylists in training whose manikin heads kept falling over and rolling away.  During my cut and style I managed to hear my stylist talk bad about each student there and hear about how she almost got sent home that day because someone told on her for something.  The cut turned out great so it might have been worth the $15.  Then she styled me and it took two days to wash out the hairspray and I looked like I had stuck my finger in a light socket.  Overall I guess it is worth the money. Next time I will just hit up BJs for Happy Hour to deal with the burns and mindless chatter of the stylists in training.
4	WARNING: Ample amounts of time is needed if you plan to get anything done here. It is a school and the students are refining the basics while working on their technique. Recently my work schedule has been all messed up. I tried to get an appointment with my regular salon and they were booked full. I saw my sister's review of this place and thought I would give it a chance since it was so close to the house.My hairstylist, Anthony, was very good. He was meticulous about making sure I got what I wanted. Nothing is worst than ending up with a messed up head. He consulted the instructors when he got to a part where he was unsure of. Asian hair and my cowlick does not make it easy for anyone unfamiliar with this style. He did a great job. So did the other two instructors who jumped in to guide him through it. With my job, I am able to get away with crazier hairstyles and he followed the example photo well. I would come back here if my stylist ever gets booked up again, but keep in mind, my cut took two hours.
2	I know this a beauty school, so my expectations weren't super high and I was trying to keep an open mind, but I am very unhappy with my haircut. For starters, it's not even close to what I wanted. I even brought in a picture and it didn't seem to matter.  My hair is at least 2 inches longer than what I said I wanted. The stylist told me she would take more off after she dried it--didn't happen. The haircut took 2 freaking hours!! It's not like the instructor had to check it several times either. Just once or twice. I was very upfront with my time constraints. I told the stylist that I don't have the time or the patience to use a roll brush and guess what she used?? Way to not listen to your client!! I guess what is so disappointing is that I requested a phase 2 student when I made my appointment, thinking it would be a better haircut and it wasn't. I now have a haircut I hate, and will have to spend another $50-60 somewhere else to get it fixed. I konw I won't be back and can't and won't recommend it to anyone.
4	I was VERY pleased with the cut I got at this Paul Mitchell School location. I was a frequent customer of the Costa Mesa, CA location before my job took me to Las Vegas. I live on the Westside of town, so it is a bit of a drive for me. BUT most girls want to get a massage or their nails down to blow off some steam and relax. I enjoy getting my hair cut. The price is great and it is 100% salon quality. The teachers are always right there to help the students along if they have any questions or uncertainties. You do need to plan ahead and be aware you WILL be spending a minimum of two - three hours here depending on what you go in for. Another great bonus is the BJ's Brewhouse they share the parking lot with!! LOVE THE FOOD THERE!
5	Went back in on 4/12 to lighten my hair back up for the summer and get a trim. After reading through some of these reviews, I have to say this: It's a SCHOOL, people. A learning environment! It's going to take a little while. This isn't a mill where they plop you down, cut your hair, and send you on your way. So be prepared. With that said, once again, they did an amazing job. I have curly hair, and lots of it. They colored it right so it looks good whether I wear it curly or straight, the cut is amazing, and my hair looks great. Thanks again, PMTS-LV.
5	My review is coming in as a student and graduate of Paul Mitchell the School Las Vegas. In my 1800 hours at the school not only did I learn everything that I needed to know to hopefully become u successful licensed cosmetologist but I was offered much much more. Above and beyond what is required by the state board of cosmetology this school has created an environment that teaches students to find what is working, acknowledge their success, celebrate it everyday, and enjoy your victories in learning and in life. They have created clubs that help give students a chance to get to know each other better, further their education, and feel like they are apart of something. They have contests that give students a chance to win prizes or trips to take classes with some of the top hairstylists in the industry. They constantly have guest artist who come in and present new trends in the industry or teach a new technique to everyone. They participate in fundraisers that raise money for several different charities and help students in need as well. I feel like in my time there I was really able to take advantage of everything the school had to offer and I am pleased to be a Paul Mitchell graduate.
5	Love the school!  I have my hair cut and colored. Been going there for the last 8 months. My favorite stylist is Natia. She is the best! Unfortunately today is her last day and I had to stop by to have my hair done by her at the school for the last time. However I will follow her wherever she goes!
1	They are very unprofessional .. My appointment was at 4:30 and they took me in at 5:15.. I will never go back ..
5	Fortunately after having read the reviews in Yelp about the Paul Mitchell School I knew I'd be in the chair for quite some time, but that was fine by me since it was well worth it for the experience and the great haircut I got today.  You can't beat $15 for shampoo, conditioner, scalp massage, haircut, styling product and blow dry.  I mean, come on!!  Lexus, my stylist, was having her first day on the floor and even though nervous she did great.  The instructor (and I'm so sorry I didn't catch her name) was so good with showing Lexus how to do the cut and cheering her on.  Her personality and patience were very good.  The music is loud and there are so many students and instructors running around it sure makes for high energy!  It's the perfect place for me and my pickiness as far as my haircuts go and I can't wait to return and have Lexus do my color too!
5	Went in for a haircut, and color, very professional in the way they handled my hair.  I have pink over very bleached hair, and I just wanted to go back to blond, but not a yellow blonde.  The student got advice from her teacher, and they ended up doing a strand test, which the pink did not budge.  Instead of just coloring my hair they were honest enough to tell me, I should wait, and come back in we the color faded, and was washed out more.  I took their advice, and left with an outstanding bob, where it is really short in the back, and then is angled to be longer on the sides.  It took a little longer, but I would rather wait, and get a great haircuts, then rush the hair stylist, and later be disappointed. The staff was really professional calling me the same day I called them to make the appt. they were very professional when I got there going over the exact haircut I wanted, and taking their time to get it right.  Thank you, and when my hair lightens from the pink, I will be back.  Thank you.
2	I love the color of my hair, but the student I had Austin he was very so rude,  kept pulling my hair didn't wash all the dye out of my hair.  The teachers were just as rude as the students. STAY AWAY FROM AUSTIN!!!!!
1	Extremely unprofessional. I won't be coming back and most definitely will never recommend this place to anyone. I didn't even go in because I was so extremely disgusted by the way the girls at the front desk treated customers as they walked in.
5	Went in for a touch up on highlights and a haircut.  Used a Groupon loved the job Ashley did. It didn't really take any longer than when I go to a salon to do the same thing. I will be back.
4	Just as the previous reviews shared - if you decide to go here make sure you have time to spare for a few hours.In any case, I looked up reviews prior to my appointment and had time to kill. It's a teaching school so you have to remember that each move has to be approved by the teacher. It's quite a long process. I made an appointment at 1:15 pm  for a regular hair cut and I didn't get out until around 4:30 pm. Luckily for me the instructor that day was one of the girls I use to dance with so it put my mind at ease. You really can't go wrong for $15 haircut that includes shampooing & conditioning, scalp massage, cutting and styling. In my view, it makes up for the long wait. I am considering coming back to get my hair dyed. Also before I forget, the atmosphere was amazing. The students here are very lively =)
4	I am very picky with my hair and usually I stay kinda quite about it if I dont like it, but I went in, my appointment was at 5:30 they called me back right away and my student Karrisa (I think was her name) was wonderful! she spent a few minutes asking me what I wanted with my hair and jotted down her notes and then got with her teacher Alexis? anyway they were both great! we started doing my hair it did take a long while 4 1/2 hours but it was absolutely worth the wait, everyone there was energetic and it definitely made the atmosphere pleasant. I did want more blonde in my hair than I was given but my end results came out perfect! I have been to a lot of different hair stylists and not one of them has ever ever ever given me the bangs I have asked for, Alexis came in to help and perfected them! I love my hair! and I will definitely be back to Karrisa.Also bring cash I wasnt aware they dont accept gratuity on cards so her tip was a lot shorter than she deserved so I will be back to retip her when im on that side of town.and to the guy who thought I'd be giving a bad review, absolutely not, you guys were all fun!
5	The rating is for the place itself and my experience. This is not in comparison to other salons. When I was thinking about going to a school and letting a student cut my hair I made sure I read as many reviews as I could and even did some research online. This is what it comes down to:1) Time &2) PatienceHave both is abundance. And understand that these are STUDENTS cutting your hair, not seasoned professionals, so give them a break. My approach was, 'it's just hair, it'll grow back'! So, I got there at around 11am and was assigned a level 1 student who'd been in training just 2 months. I was nervous for a moment but then I just decided to go with the flow. Akira did a long consultation with me to find out exactly what I looking for. I was wanting to get rid of about 4inches of hair so she wanted to make sure she didn't mess up! After that was the most decadent shampoo session ever. Felt so good! The haircut itself was a slightly long process. But I had the time so I didn't care. The instructors would stop by every now and again to check on the progress. By the time Akira started to blow dry my hair it was almost 1 and time for her to go to her theory class (they have that every wednesday). A phase 2 student, Vanessa (graduating in 2 weeks) finished my blow dry. I was there about 3 hours for a haircut. Bought their tea tree shampoo and conditioner as well, felt really good. I'll be back this week for a scalp treatment. At $15 it's worth it!Overall I'm happy with my experience. Most stylists usually give me a layered cut but Akira suggested a straight cut with graduated / choppy bangs and I just love it! Since my hair grows fast I'll probably go back every 4-6 weeks for maintenance.
2	I totally expected more.Keeping this short and sweet.You get what you pay for. I got exsactly that.A student with no knowledge of blonde hair.A hair color that was the exact same as when I walked in, when I had asked to be several shades lighter.Bleach left on the nape of my neck and underside of my hair which I had to wash out when I got home.4 hours of a complete waste of my time.$80 of a complete waste of my money.A student who made it clear she would rather be else where.Not to forget a teacher trying to hook me up with his toothless dad! WTF!Did I mention YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR.Happy holidays!
4	I called and made an appointment for a shampoo and blow dry.  I was told it would cost $10. I told them it may need touched up a bit with a curling iron on flat iron, they said then it would be $12. I thought this meant a total of $12...boy was I wrong!! When the girl at the counter said $22, I said you're kidding, right? They told me $10 for shampoo and blowdry, $12 if they used a hot iron. She said that's right, $10 and then $12 more  for using the flat iron.  The flat iron was used about 3 times on one side of my hair!! This was an unpleasant surprise, I just wished she would have told me when I made the appointment that it would be $22 if a hot iron was used.  I feel like I was misled.I must say the beautiful girl, Adrianna, that did my hair was pleasant, professional, and did such a good job blowdrying my hair, that it really didn't need the iron.  I still tipped her $10, and will return for the shampoo and blowdry again, and request her.  She works Mon-Thurs evenings.
5	I went back to get my hair dyed twice here!The first time was from a Phase II student by the name of Theresa. She originally dyed it bright red, but I came back a week later and got it darkened to my liking. I actually would have continued seeing her, but it was close to the end of her education there.I went back recently 2 weeks ago to touch up on my roots. I was treated by 2 students - the first one highlighted and dyed my roots, but had class to attend so left me in the hands of Jamie. She took CAREof me. She's awesome! I needed some refinement and booked me in with her friend, RJ who is just as equally amazing. I asked what would be the process if I wanted to go darker and they said I could get it done that same day!So.. I ditched the red and went more brown. RJ ended up brush curling it and I got so MANY COMPLIMENTS. I applaud anyone who works on my hair because I have A LOT of it. I've been a fan of this place since last year and will continue coming back since I met Jamie and RJ. They're just amazing.
2	I have been to this school several times and always been happy, not this time.#1. My appointment was at 9:45, I left the salon at 4:00.  Yes, that is a six hour visit.#2. I was getting low lights with a few highlights and wanted to do a few bright red highlights. Nothing outrageous.  #3. Due to my long visit, I had to rearrange work schedule and picking up my kids.#4. When it FINALY came time to do the red highlights, they were out of red. Really, no one bothered to look. I was told to pick a new color.#5. I was never given a break, 6hrs with no bathroom and no lunch, everyone else got lunch but me.#6. I went in with roots and came out with roots! They didn't pull the foil close enough to my scalp so on highlights I have roots.#7. When I was all done I had dye all over my face, neck, and in my ears. When I asked how to get it off, I got a look like "oh you noticed that". If I did have time to run errands after, I wouldn't have. It looked gross.#8. I was still charged the same price, even though they didn't have the red that I wanted and I was told to choose a different color.All in all, when you make and appointment just keep in mind how valuable your time is and do I really want to spend my entire day sitting in a chair at the salon?
2	I just got home after an almost 4 hour appointment.  I arrived at the salon at 5:10 (my appointment was at 5:15) and got home at 9.  I actually left the salon without waiting for a blow dry as I'd already been there for over 3 1/2 hours.  I got a color and a cut.  I originally requested a phase 2 student but ended up with a phase 1 student any way.  She was great, no issues with her, but honestly, it's too much hassle.  This is not my first time, but it is my last.  I don't think it should take that long to get my roots done and shines put through the ends and then get a cut/blow dry.  Yes, it is less expensive than a regular salon but how many times do I want to spend 4 hours?  Not sure why it is so tough...in the meantime, the cut is not good and I'll have to go to a regular salon anyway.  Even more of a waste.
1	I have had multiple appointments here and have been pretty satisfied until yesterday when I went in for "highlights".  I went in with a friend and we were both assigned a phase II stylist.  We both asked for Jamie G. - awesome and amazing- however she was unavailble - I had Alexis and her trainer (Jessica is her name I believe).  I was very specific about just highlights because I don't have the time to maintain an all-over color and wanted to maintain some of my own roots/hair to blend.  I even questioned what she was doing during treatment - making sure she know I had never had that done when I came in for just highlights before..... When I walked out of the wash room my friend didn't even recognize me saying how "light" my hair was - at my first sight in the mirror I think I was in shock...there was nothing left of my original hair/roots - they said they did highlights with low lights...whatever that means - Worse - they kept telling me it "looked great"...it is CLEARLY not what I asked for and I have been in hiding since I left there - my son says I look like an old lady trying to be young, others have said it looks like an old lady with a platinum Christina Aguilera look... needless to say - I have worn a hat everywhere.  The earliest they could schedule me to fix it will be a week!  (it will be a very long and embarrassing week!  Not sure how I could have been any more specific with what I wanted but definitely know that once this mistake is fixed I won't likely get highlights there again.... just cut and style - seems they are great at that!
1	Plan to spend the entire day.  I was there 5 hours only because I demanded they they hurry and finish.  If not, I would have been there at least 2 more hours.  And that was for a simple dye and trim.  I was shuffled between two students which I didn't like.  I received the same talk about how horrible 'non-professional' products are - until I wanted to tell them to shut up.  Enough is enough.  I was even told that coconut oil is bad for my hair (really? - they should read the research about the positive benefits of coconut oil on the hair and also read that many of PM products have coconut oil in them).  I was given scare tactics:  "Box" products have rat poison in them.  Geez - wouldn't hair dye kill just about anything or anyone that ingested it - whether it was PM or any other brand?  They truly botched up my hair.  I asked only for a trim and to even up my bangs.  They cut my bangs at an angle so one side of my face has shorter bangs than the other.  I did not ask for that.  I have been growing out my sideburns for 4 years now so that it matches the length of the rest of my hair.  Yep, they cut off my side burns when I didn't ask them to do so.  This is and was very upsetting.  The lady kept trying to curl and dry the same lock of hair for 5 minutes.  I don't know what she was expecting for it to magically do.  I left the salon after 5 hours with partially wet hair.  My roots as they dried were a different color than the rest of my hair.  It is about 3 weeks later and my roots are bright gray again.  The dye faded out.  All for 'salon' products.  I was very upset when I left the salon and embarrassed of my hair.  They offered for me to come back within 10 days and they would re-do it.  I didn't and won't go back.  By far, this was the worst experience I have ever had with my hair.  My daughter visited this past week and sarcastically said, "Mom, did you cut your own bangs" and I said no!  I paid Paul Mitchell to goof up my hair.
4	As a suggestion from my co-worker to get my hair colored at the school, I thought I should try it.... I am very glad that I did!I have dark brown hair, but have colored it black for the past few years, so I just wanted to do touch up color to freshen the look and add shine.When I arrived the reception staff was kind when checking me in. I was seated and waited a few minutes for the student I was paired with to come get me. The student I was paired with was just awesome! He had a great personality, gave a great consultation, and it was just overall a great vibe!My hair turned out great! I love the shade we chose! He also did a shine coat after- which absolutely made my hair look gorgeous! I will be back to visit EJ! And I already made my return appointment with him.Overall the school was a great experience, and I highly recommend EJ!
3	Although I didn't like my hair cut and she did cut my hair 1 inch shorter on my bangs!!! I ended up appreciating it more than most "bad cuts". Although I didn't enjoy the process..
4	I came here knowing that it's a school and that a student would be working on my hair under the supervision of an instructor. But I just wanted an all over color.  I requested a phase 2 student, they have to take a specific test that is supposedly difficult so I guess they're more experienced but I was in and out within 2 hours and that was with a curl styled blow dry. I was impressed.The color came out great, not as red as I wanted but it's still way better than what I had before. And it was inexpensive. Overall I would say if you're looking for an all over color, come here. But if you want a fancy highlight/lowlight or haircut, just remember they're students and still learning.. Go to another pm salon if you want it done quickly. Stephanie was a doll, you can tell they all enjoy what they're doing and it's was drama-free and professional.
3	Okay, I've come full circle with this salon and all in all the service is not terrible but adequate given the prices. I would not recommend having any freshman cut you're hair due to a couple of my girlfriends and I noticing that the younger girls are a bit shaky and nervous (you can def see it on their faces). I planned on getting a v cut with bangs and choppy yet long layers as well as a frame for my face. You see I have a very complicated and exact way I'd like my hair. I'm sure any woman would agree your hair is life! But when I had the misfortune of a problematic hair cut my first visit to Paul Mitchell the girl totally cut my hair an inch shorter than needed! It was extremely obvious she did not pay attention to what I was asking and as a side note? She was more interested in her lunch break and another student's hair than what I was asking her. I rate Paul Mitchell a 3 out of 5. Although I did like the back cut, I did not enjoy these past few weeks of having to braid or tie my bangs up due to their stylists lack of attention span. I recommend at least an appointment so that there is a minimal to no wait & if you do get a first year freshman please be impeccably descriptive! These girls have a tuff time in visioning what you want.
5	Thrilled to find this school! It's a classy facility (very busy and lots of people in it, but it felt very professional and light and airy). My daughter had a full head of highlights and I got a cut and blow dry and we will definitely go back. I'm really happy with mine, my daughter is really happy - they gave her the color she's always wanted and we both got out for under $100. The students we met were really friendly, the supervision is tight and the students don't do anything without the advice of the instructors. Great results, great prices and a fun time. It took hours, it was a drive to get there, and I'd do it again any time.
4	I've been here a few times now for haircuts and I can't complain given the prices. I'm usually in and out within 2 hours and that's for phase 1 and phase 2 professionals. Overall, a good place for a cheap, basic cut.
1	I bought a groupon when I first moved to this area. I was stuck there for 6hrs! My hair was way prettier before I went in there. My hair came out orange/yellow, and I asked for medium brown. And the cut was just horrible, straight across. They also charged me extra for having long hair.
4	Prices are great, students are friendly, fun environment. I will be back again and again!
5	I came in for a mens cut on Tuesday and found out they offer a 5 dollar mens cut on Tuesdays! I had an overall amazing experience. They took their time to make sure I walked out with an excellent cut. Great School
5	At the suggestion of a friend I stopped by the school to get my hair cut.  It was my first time going to a school and I was a little afraid I would end up with a hair disaster.  I was paired with Teresa who quickly put me at ease.  I explained what I was looking for and yes quickly explained what she was going to do and got the cut approved by her instructor.  This made me feel even better.The cut was great and Teresa's excellent customer service has got me to come back 3 additional times.  Each time I have returned the whole school has been a positive experience.  I can't wait to return in a few weeks for my next cut.
5	Amazing prices and lots of different services are offered. I would call for an appointment and ask for a creative, which is someone who is farther along in the program, or a phase two student but that does cost a little bit more. Teachers are immediately supervising all services and jump in if need be. The wash house is the best part of going. They take you back to a dim room with relaxing music playing to wash your hair. I recommend getting a scalp treatment to remove all the dead skin from your scalp. It feels AMAZING and isn't expensive at all. The students are allowed to accept tips, I don't think a lot of people know that. Most of the staff is friendly and personable too. I will definitely be returning to this school.
4	I never thought I would go to a beauty school for a haircut, much less color.  I came in to support my friend Kesha who is attending school here.  I got a cut and balayage.  It took a little less then 3 hours including styling and it turned out great.  I'm so happy.  The most amazing part?  Only $45!  Crazy right?  There are teachers checking on the students and can help when needed.  The students all seemed like they loved what they do.  Their energy is infectious.  Being in school they are learning all the latest techniques and trends.  They cuts kids hair too, just have to be 5 years old or older.  Check out their Facebook page they have specials from time to time like $5 back to school cuts and free haircuts on 9/11 for first responders.
5	I made my appointment the same day. I got a cut and a full color for only $50!!!! The appointment was a little long, but the students are learning so it's validated, and for the price you can't beat it!!I left with my hair looking just like the picture I brought in! My stylist Amber was awesome! She communicated with me the whole time, and asked for help when she needed it! This made me feel super comfortable and like I was in good hands. The instructed checked in with every step of the appointment, again making me feel well taken care of. I'd recommend Paul Mitchell and Amber to anyone! As long as you're ok with a long. Appointment it's totally worth it! And it's a win win for everybody, they get to learn and you get a great cheap hair cut/color!
5	Being new to Las Vegas and on a budget, I went to the Paul Mitchell website and requested an appointment. I already had a faux hawk style going and wanted to shave it to a more dramatic cut. Didn't indicate that particular style when booking the appointment, so I was a little nervous, not know what to expect. To my delight, my stylist was John Lloyd. He knew exactly how to cut my hair to get the look I wanted. He took his time and was so precise with everything he did. I was hooked from that point on. It only cost $15 for my cut and have already been back again to see John.
1	Never never never go to Paul Mitchell school. They refused service today because I have eczema which I have had for many years.  I drove 20 miles to go to there , and then they refused service. At no time was I ever advised there was any possibility that they would not do the service. The young man named Fabian was extremely arrogant about the whole situation. Never go to that school.
5	I have gone to the same hairstylist for the past 8+ years, so I was super nervous to find a new one when we moved here. Well, I had a hair color disaster and was in need of some professional help right away. I saw the reviews on here and thought I would give it a try. The only negative I got from people was that it took forever to get their hair done. Are you seriously complaining about that? It is a school. These people are learning, so yes, it will most likely take longer! Just don't make any set plans the day you get your hair done. Problem solved.  It took Lexi about 2 1/2 hours for a cut and color on middle back length, super thick hair. I would say that is great! I can't say enough good things about Lexi and the other lovely people here. I got quoted from a different salon about a month ago to get something similar done, and they said it could cost me about $200. I was schocked! Needless to say I didn't call to set up and appointment.  For my cut, all over pink color, styling and two different products, it was around $90. It takes a lot of dye, because I have a lot of hair. It turned out perfect, I could not be happier! I will be making my future appointments with Lexi, she saved me from a hair nightmare and I will forever be thankful.
1	First & Foremost, I strongly suggest the student by the name of Heather Vaughn. She helped save my hair from absolutely being scrutinized. I will NEVER take any chances with my hair again. I had the most perfect natural hair color, and I decided to get an ombre look. I went in to the school hoping for the best. I walked out as a blonde... I honestly don't even feel like there is a need to go into detail about how upset I am and how horrible this place is, but please do not take your hair here. Do NOT risk it, it's not worth the heartbreak im dealing with now.
5	I went 2 years without touching my hair with anything sharp after a terrible cut at a franchise salon but alas, today it was high time for a change, and change I got. Before I say anything else, my hair was so long that I would end up sitting on it if it was behind my shoulders. My hair is my pride and joy, it's my life, it's my third arm. That said, I wasn't opposed to going to a hair school to get rid of my third arm. I grew up watching hair students color and perm my mothers hair at a hair school in my hometown, and even had my hair cut and colored (for the first time!) there when I was younger. So today, I went into this school with ample confidence. To start, it's very sleek inside. Great first impression, and the girls at the reception desk were very kind and informative. And the scalp massage while washing my hair? Amazing. I wanted to close my eyes and fall asleep. Not to mention the dynamic inside; sitting in a chair for awhile, you do a lot of people watching and I really liked the way the students seemed so at ease with their clients and among each other. It's a very good vibe, I saw lots of smiles and heard a good amount of laughter, which just makes the experience so much better.Jenny was my stylist and she's incredible. I have A LOT of hair and still had some cold feet about how much I wanted off but she did a fab job. I don't know what kind of magic she and her instructor pulled to cut my hair like this but I'm in love with it, and I've already booked an appointment with Jenny for color next week. It does take some time to get your hair done here but I mean, it comes with the territory -- it's a school, after all. Personally I've never loved the "quick snip and out the door," kind of places anyway, so I appreciate the time that was taken to ensure my hair didn't come out a mess. Overall, I had an amazing experience here today and I'm already itching to cut some more off! Definitely excited to go back next week.
