5	I love this place. It seems little known and I'm reluctant to share it because I don't want it to get too busy for me to eat...but I guess I can't be selfish.I recommend the beef and chicken. They also give you a plate of veggies, tofu and noodles. There are three sauces to use to dip in: Peanut, Citric (I'm guessing) and (my favorite) the spicy. They have a variety of sake. I definitely suggest giving it a try. It's become my new favorite restaurant. I learned to use chopsticks just to eat here!
4	Shabu shabu is my new favorite food.  This place is fairly close to my work, so I decided to invite a few folks to introduce them to Japanese fondue.  It is located off of Valle Verde at the intersection of Horizon Ridge and it's in a new strip mall.  Since most of the stores are not occupied, there's plenty of parking and it's not very crowded.We entered the restaurant and we were the only people there.  In fact, we were the only people there during the entire hour and a half lunch.    We ordered the lunch special which comes with salad, drink, veggies and shabu shabu beef, and it was so affordable.   We were amazed!  Not sure if they will continue to do this, but they offered us a free additional order of veggies, which really hit the spot.  The service was great and I highly recommend this place.  I really hope everyone takes this recommendation and support this restaurant.  I would hate to see this place fail!  I will be back next week for sure!
4	This place just needs more customers - they do things right, the restaurant is clean, the food tasty, the prices reasonable.  I went with friends for the first time a year ago -- and honestly forgot about it.  They returned a few months later, and the owner remembered them, and also asked them how I was doing...pretty incredible. There aren't that many shabu-shabu places in the valley -- sometimes I think their marketing tagline "Japense fondue" confuses folks -- most folks think cheese -- not broth when they think of fondue, and unless you're a foodie, you've probably not been exposed to it.  It couldn't be healthier -- for folks who don't know what shabu shabu is.  It's simply broth-based fondue -- you choose your protein (shrimp, scallops, beef, chicken, tofu or any combination), and fire up your hot pot.  Then, they bring you an abundance of salads and sauces, a perfectly acceptable miso soup, and you "cook"...  It's fun, interactive -- they have wine, beer and a decent sake list (yes, they have unfiltered...) so it makes for a completely lovely evening.
4	I am always in search of good shabu shabu / fondue / hot pot places, and Shabu Shabu Paradise in Henderson delivers!Their menu is only shabu shabu, which can be a good thing and bad.  If your dining companions aren't into cooking their meal themselves, then this place won't work for them.  However, they can always stuff themselves on the appetizers like cod fish, salads, and beef misoyakiAll entrees come with a green salad, rice, selected veggies, tofu, noodles, and three dipping sauces.The Big F went for the King #18 ( 1/2 Beef,  1/2 Shrimp, and  1/2 Scallop) for $25 and I went for the Jack #1 (Original Beef) for $18.As the water, lightly seasoned with seaweed, heats up, a small green salad with yummy dressing starts you off.  Feel free to ask for more because they are more than happy to give it to you!Then your table gets set up with your rice, various raw veggies and food, and your three dipping sauce.  The first being a peanut sauce, then a ponzu one, and then a spicy ponzu-like one.The pot is split so you don't have to worry about your dining companion stealing your food! When the water starts to boil, start adding the food.  I don't recommend adding all the food at once, but rather a little bit at a time.  I like to swish my beef around just to cook it a tad before dipping it into the various sauces.The beef and shrimp were great choices, but the scallops got rubbery too quickly.  (Reading Steve X.'s review, I wish were given soy sauce and wasabi so we could have eaten the scallops raw as well.  Bummer!  At least we know for next time!)What makes Shabu Shabu Paradise a step up above Swish is that they also give you additional veggies without charging for it!  It seems a bit ridiculous to be charged for what is considered inexpensive veggies when you're cooking it yourself!  And to close it off, complimentary ice cream with fruit cocktail is offered!Service is great - the waitresses are really sweet and friendly about bringing you additional things as requested or when they see you need it.  It can get a bit hectic when the restaurant fills up as it started to on the Saturday evening we went.They have about three tables for four and one long table that seats about 10-12.  You'll definitely see us back here again when we're in the area! (Pics are posted!)
4	Thanks to fellow Yelpers and Teri C., who's review i saw this afternoon while searching recent posts my husband and I ventured here for dinner this evening...One thing i didnt see when looking at all the reviews was the hours!! They are closed between 3 and 5pm and we got there about 4:30. I was really excited to try this place so we decided to run a quick errand and come right back.. we did, and boy am i glad!!This place is AWESOME!!! I was a little worried when i saw the menu that it wouldnt be very flavorful. Boy was I WRONG!! The 3 dipping sauces they give you are delicious!!! And i mean delicious!!!!!! The peanut one was very sweet and desert like to me, but still very good! I liked the ponzu and spicy sauces. I added a bit more spicy that they provide cause i really like it hot! We both got the Queen #8 (shrimp and 1/2 scallop) with a side of crab sticks! The veggies were great as well as the tofu and noodles... we got extra veggies and tofu and the cute little waitress was more than happy to bring it! The salad was good they gave you to start with, small but very good, she asked if we wanted another one.. again, the service was wonderful!!!After all was said and done, we were very full, they said they offered a complementary ice cream and fruit dessert, which i remember reading in the reviews... the husband was very happy about that and got one, the waitress asked  if i wanted one as well, to which i said no thank you, and my husband interrupted promptly and said yes she does!! :) he enjoyed both desserts and we were full and happy!!!!!I highly recommend this place, its healthy and delicious!! Another couple came in to eat while we were there and they seemed to really enjoy there meal as well. There are only 3 small tables and one large one in the place so we were close enough for me to hear that they indeed did enjoy it!We will for sure be back again soon!! ohh yeah, $51.18 was our total w/no drink (well water and iced tea for the hubby)... not too shabby...
5	Went there last Sunday, around 8pm.  I wasn't surprised that the restaurant was empty as I read the reviews from fellow yelpers 30 mins b4 I arrived.  The price is reasonable.  For $18, you get the beef and all-you-can-eat veggies.  CRAZY!!!   Instead of serving Udon like most Shabu Shabu places, this restaurant gives us Shirataki tofu noodle.  It was a big surprise, either nobody knew or they didn't bother to mention.  Based on my little experience as a daily outside eater, I know only Curry House serves tofu noodle (the flat one).  Here, you get the tofu noodle for free and it's also all-you-can-eat.  As other yelpers mentioned, the meal comes with salad (Severs asked if we wanted to get more salad) and ice cream as well.    I have to mention the following - They even come by and scoop the cooked blood that sits on top of the water.  And they changed the scooping spoon and the water 3 or 4 times within a 2 hrs time frame.  This place surely earns the 5 stars in service.   ps -  If I live in Henderson, it will definitely become my bi-weekly dinner spot.
5	The best Shabu Shabu in town for a unbeatable price tag!!!Imagine this: for $18, you get a decent size thin sliced beef, all-you-can-eat Salad, Chinese cabbage, carrot slice, tofu, green bean, TOFU NOODLE, and rice. Unlimited dipping sauce - Sesame, Ponzu, and Spicy. PLUS, extremely FRIENDLY hospitality ------ this is indeed a Shabu Shabu Paradise.Mind you, even for this price, all you have is quality food ingredients - everything fresh and crispy. Given that it is of course no where near those Wagyu beef you can have in Japan (omg..delicious)....for this price it is way above par. As a regular daily dine-out eater and experience with a lot of cuisine around the world, I start to notice thing other that fancy decor, hype reputation, and fancy presentation. From some tiny surprises and dedication (usually found in Japanese restaurant), it is where a true 'heart' of that restaurant can be revealed. As some previous fellow yelper has noted, the 'noodle' they offer is no mediocre UDON, it is TOFU NOODLE. that tiny change make way better texture in Shabu Shabu and that show the dedication to treat their guests with good eats.Also, worth mentioning is their miso beef & fish. pretty tasty though the price ($7 I beleive) is a bit high.Oh...did I forgot to mention their ice-cream with fruit syrup treat for FREE?The best $18 I ever spent...LOL.Thumb UP UP UP!!!!
4	Believe it or not, I actually came here from the strip.  It was a farther drive than I thought.  The restaurant was not easily spotted.  On a Friday night, the parking lot was really dark because the surrounding businesses were all closed.  I thought 'This place must be good to survive a location like this!'.  It's not a big restaurant and there is only 1 waitress.  She takes the order, serves the food, and also cleans up.  Poor thing was running around like a busy bee.  When we got there, there was 3 tables finishing up with 1 table waiting for their food.  We had to wait about 15 minutes for her to serve the food and then clean up a table for us.  It really was not busy, but with just 1 server doing everything, service can be slow.  Once we sat down, it didn't take long for us to decide what to order.  I ordered the Jack Beef ($18) and my fiance order the Queens Combo (1/2 Beef 1/2 Chicken).  My fiance said the chicken got tough really fast because it was so thin, even though he dipped it in the boiling water for 2 seconds and removed it.  The beef was really good but like the chicken, they were cut way thinner than the ones served in LA/OC.  (I'd give this place 5 stars if the meat was 'meatier'!)  I was really worried I had to order extra.  Luckily the veggie plate and rice  had unlimited refills.  With an extra plate of veggies, I actually got really full.  You get 3 sauces; 1 regular ponzu, 1 sesame, and 1 spicy ponzu.  I really liked the spicy ponzu sauce.  The sesame sauce was sweeter than those I've had but it was good, too.  I can't  praise enough the server.  She was so sweet and attentive.  At the end, she gave me 2 coupon cards of $10 off.  She left the expiration date blank (normally 20 days from the dinning date)  because when she chatted with me, I told her we're from OC (she used to live in Costa Mesa).  If you don't mind driving a few miles from the strip and especially if you actually live in Henderson, give this place a try.  I think you'd like it.
4	First off, this place is located in a place that really doesn't much business to gather from.  My girlfriend and I were the only two eating in there the whole time.  So the place was quiet.  The decor was nice and zen while keeping everything looking clean.  It's small, but the spacing was quite comfortable between each table.  The service was great.  It may have been because we were the only two inside the restaurant.  The waitress was very friendly.  She would even go as far to teach my girlfriend how to eat either Shabu Shabu or Sukiyaki.  You can order either or both and they'll fill a small pale with both water or sukiyaki brother.  They have different dipping sauces to taste from.  However, the dipping sauces didn't appeal to me too much which is why I say I'd like the sukiyaki better at this place.  My girlfriend ordered the beef and chicken dish while I ordered the shrimp and scallop dish.  The beef and chicken dish seemed a bit thin as in not much portions, but they were very good quality of meat and chicken.  The shrimps and scallops were fantastic.  They used sushi grade quality scallops, and I have to say that they were just delicious.  They also give you as many vegetables as you want which include snow peas, lettuce, carrots, tofu, green onions, and bamboo shoots.  The vegetables were also fresh in appearance.  The price was also very good especially since I had a coupon hehe.  Well after experiencing dining here, I'd say that I'm glad there's a shabu shabu place nearby in Henderson.  I hope this place gets some more business though in their location.
5	I had planned on coming here to meet up with 2 friends from work the day after X'mas, but it didn't pan out.  On our way back to OC on 12/27/08, I told my fiance and my mom that we HAD to stop by here for dinner.  It took a few minutes but our hostess/server eventually recognized us and she thanked us for coming back. My fiance and I had the Jack Beef and my mom had the Shrimp.  The shrimps were BIG and FRESH and a lot of them.  Wish we had order 1/2 beef and 1/2 shrimp instead.  In any case, they were really good! I am upgrading the rating to 5 stars because I really like it 'that' much!  Oh and she gave me 3 more $10 off coupon cards!  I guess I have to keep coming back again and again.  ;-)
5	I'm upping my stars to "five" because Shabu Shabu Paradise is just a great spot to eat at!They have since added "sukiyaki"-style as an alternative option to the seaweed broth for shabu shabu.  It's not the kind of sukiyaki where the plate is sizzling and the sauce is thick, rather it's the flavoring of the broth is now different.The Husband ordered the Queen Half Pork and Half Beef Dinner, (You can easily substitute the meats for each other, chicken for pork or beef, etc.)  while I had the Jack Scallop Dinner.  When my plate arrived, we were both very surprised with how much scallop came out.  Laid out ever so nicely, the quality grade is definitely sashimi-style.  (After reading about Steve X.'s experience, I was certain to ask for some wasabi and soy sauce so I could it raw.)As Calvin L. mentioned, the noodles given to you are tofu noodles and they are SO good!  We definitely requested more of that because it's  yummy and definitely not something you see often.Service is always exceptional.  Sometimes it can get a bit busy and you have to wait awhile longer, but the staff are so nice and friendly.  The wait can easily be overlooked.Overall, Shabu Shabu Paradise is a bit pricier when you first look at the menu.  But in the end, when you get unlimited salad, rice, veggies, tofu noodles, and free ice cream dessert (vanilla with green tea powder this time), it's well worth it!We're more than happy to eat there when we're in the area!* Check out their website because they have Monday night specials and daily specials too!
5	This is my favorite restaurant in the Las Vegas are.  I have been coming here at least once a month for nearly two years. The course starts with a small salad with a delicious peanut based dressing. Next comes the vegetable plate which includes carrots, bamboo shoots, tofu and tofu noodles.  Next comes the entree.  I almost always order the Jack Beef Shabu Shabu but they offer Sukiyaki and have shrimp, chicken and pork as well.  The Shabu Shabu comes with rice and three dipping sauces (spicy, sesame peanut and ponzu)  The night ends with a perfect scoop of ice cream.I have tried other Shabu Shabu restaurants in town and have not found any others that compare in taste and service as Shabu Shabu Paradise. I will continue to come here and introduce others to it!
5	great service, great food, best of all AUTHENTIC.unlimited 'okawari' of salad, rice, drink (soda), and vegetables.make sure to get raw egg with your sukiyaki.  they'll also give you coupons after dining.  GO HERE.
4	It's a bit away from the Strip but if you are up for a good deal then this is the place to go. You get unlimited salad and vegetables. We even got some complimentary ice cream at the end. They use a different kind of noodle. It's white, flat and chewy and not the typical Udon.The place is nice and clean. Service was very attentive and nice.
5	I have come many times and the food and service is always outstanding!  I love the lunch specials, but dinner is also a great deal.  I treated my dad who came from out of town and I love when I get to order for people!  We had the jack scallops and jack beef.  There is a Monday special - order a beverage with entree and get a % off depending on if it is alcoholic or not.  They always give coupons.  Drinks are free with lunch (even beer!)  I love the matcha green iced tea!The scallops are high quality so they can be eaten raw or cooked.  Unlimited veggies include napa cabbages, tofu noodle (shirataki - you can buy these at whole foods if you want to make them at home - just boil and dip!), tofu, carrots, bamboo shoots, snow peas, green onions!  Then you get a small thing of shredded daikon and chopped scallions (my fave) to add to sauces or just eat, plus unlimited salad and steamed rice and the dipping sauces.  I LOVE the spicy sauce - the waitress showed me how it is made so I can make it at home.  I drank it all!  Also love the sesame peanut and ponzu of course.The service is attentive and the waitress skims the fat off the top of the water and refills drinks constantly.  Ice cream is ALWAYS on the house - get it with matcha powder!!!  A great deal, very healthy, cooking food in spring water and no oil!!!  My dad is diabetic so it was great and very filling.  I will definitely be back...we need to keep this place open!  Very nice decor too - my dad noticed.
5	Awesome food, and a lot of fun for dates and groups. It's a relaxing way to eat slowly and socialize while cooking.The meat and seafood are extremely fresh, and the unlimited vegetables and rice are a plus.  They restaurant has several discount opportunities.I always feel healthy after eating at Shabu-Shabu Paradise.When the Review-Journal posted a review, the place was always packed, but customers have dropped off recently. I hope it picks up soon.
4	Yes, I finally got a chance to experience paradise, Shabu Shabu Paradise that is. This place is quite small but very clean. Just a note: we noticed the smell of wet dogs inside the restaurant but I think it is because of the pet grooming place next door. Edemame and green mussels sauteed in garlic and sake started us off. We had the beef, shrimp and scallops. We decided to try the sukiyaki and regular Shabu Shabu style broth. You get three dipping sauces veggies, tofu noodles, rice and a salad with your entree. For some reason, I really liked the thinly sliced beef better than the seafood. Next time I shall try the Kobe beef. We must have asked for extra rice and vegetables more than a couple of times and the server was happy to accommodate us each and every time. Service was awesome. After our meal we were given some coupons for 20% off lunch specials and 25% of dinner meals. If the food and service does not lure you back. I am sure these great deals will. Shabu Shabu paradise found...not lost!
5	Came in from PHX to give Shabu Shabu Paradise a try based on the recommendation of a local friend. In a word....fantastic. The food was delish and the service was wonderful. It takes some time to get your food after you order because everything is cut fresh that day so be prepared to wait a bit. However, it is SO worth the wait! We had both Shabu-Shabu and sukiyaki and omg...yum.  The dipping sauces were good accompaniments and overall I can't say enough great things about this place!The service was attentive, kind, and very helpful as for some of us, it was our first time. Can't wait to go back on my next trip to Vegas! :)
4	my boyfriend and I went to this restaurant twice. It is our favorite Shabu Shabu restaurant in Vegas. The service is great, you can share entrees for $6 split plate charge and you get unlimited salad and veggies. I wasn't a big fan of both of the ponzu sauces or the peanut sauce, so I always order the miso dressing they put on the salad and ask for an extra side garlic. This place is fun and delicious. A great place to take someone on a date too or friends. :)
5	One of my favorite places in Henderson! My husband and I have been here quite a few times and have never been dissappointed. The dining room is small so I wouldn't recommend going with a large group without a reservation. They also offer great discounts on Monday's!
5	My padawans, this place gets the five star Jedi Master class rating NOT all because of its food, which is fantastic, but for the service. The little Japanese waitress was so nice and cute, attending to our every needs. She also got extra brownie points for assuming my wife and I were japanese, and complimenting our LV bags. She put the S in service..we gave her a great tip. Food is great, pretty much as described by all the other yelpers. The proteins are good and clean, and the endless salad, rice, and veggies will satisfy any appteite, even Roseanne Barr or Rosie O Donnell combined as a fat Decepticon.
5	First time I came here, was from what I read about it on yelp--the food quality was great and loved the quiet ambiance. Since then, I've come here pretty much every month, sometimes alone or with family. I've introduced my family & friends to this place, and they all love it as well. You get endless veggies and a complimentary dessert and the service lady is really nice.  The pricing is very reasonable. The food is healthy.  I've tried numerous other places (in Las Vegas, Dallas, LA, Houston, Atlanta, Honolulu) and this place rocks!  The regular order of beef is AWESOME (fresh and not semi-frozen). Once you've tried this place, you won't want to try anywhere else that serves shabu-shabu/sukiyaki.
5	OK, I don't hae a ton of shabu experience, but I dragged some friends out to Shabu Shabu Paradise last week, and I'm glad that I did. SSP was pretty fucking awesome. We got in at 6pm on a Friday and the place was empty except for one other group. Still, the waitress/hostess seemed like it was gonna take a little effort to fit us in once she found out we didn't have a reservation. Anyway, so we sat down, and the waitress explained the shabu for the benefit of my compatriots. yadda yadda, we ordered, we ate. When we were done, we passed on the included ice cream because we had our passports ready for a trip to Yogurtland. So the waitress lady gave us a pile of coupons. It was a nice touch.The food was good, the service was very friendly, the prices weren't bad, and the place was pretty nice. What else do you need?PRO-TIP: It's a pretty small restaurant. People were turned away while we were eating. Might be worth calling ahead.
5	Extremely freshly prepped meats, poultry, and seafood at SSP...and they have enough room at their tables so you're not forced into "being social" or rubbing elbows with other parties.  The usual choices of beef, chicken, and shrimp are available, but the gem here is the black pork.  I only wish SSP had the same mushroom plate (with many types of scrumptous mushrooms) that is offered at Swish (now temporarily closed).  I also miss all the onions that Swish gives you.Still, when considering the more relaxed atmosphere of Shabu Shabu Paradise, I'd have to put this place #1 in Las Vegas for shabu shabu and sukiyaki by a narrow margin over Swish.  The seating, cooking pots and equipment, utensils, and general setup seemed much more meticulously put together at SSP...whereas Swish was clearly set up to handle high volumes and a somewhat more raucous clientele.The only disappointment - some substitute flavored green powder poured over vanilla ice cream masquerading as green tea ice cream...  What the heck is up with that???
4	Good food, and a great social event. It's a little taste of Japan in Henderson. And make sure to order the Japanese style pickles.
5	I have to admit, this is my first shabu shabu meal, but it was REALLY good! The beef is well marbled, the veggies fresh with ample refills & the scallops were FABULOUS! I have yet to find a sushi place that  sells scallops of such high quality for such a good price. I got a combo plate & had at least 10+ good sashimi-sized slices of tender, sweet scallop. Though you can cook it, I had mine with soy sauce & wasabi as recommended [both here and by the waitress]. It's totally the way to go, guys, so don't waste precious time cooking these bad boys & just eat them straight. I didn't sample any of the sake, and the only beer they have on hand is Sapporo. I drank multiple cups of genmai tea, which is brown rice & green tea- it was tasty, as well, having a toastier, nuttier flavor than regular green tea. The meal includes; a plate full of your meat of choice [also a vegetarian option available], salad (free refills), a plate of veggies with; cabbage, green onion, carrot, tofu & tofu noodles [free refills also]. We had icecream at the end, mine topped with green tea powder- others that had it agreed that it should have been more of a syrup. I liked it, but I like most anything involving green tea, so I'm biased. It's a bit out of the way, but it's worth making the trip. They also serve kobe and wagyu beef, and several appetizers, all of which I would like to try. Check it out, and get the scallops!
3	If I wasn't a regular at Swish, this place probably would be getting 4 stars. This place was good, but Swish is infinitely BETTER! Unfortunately, I live near SSParadise, so I will probably end up eating here more regularly than Swish. Here's my reasoning:*Kobe beef prices. I can get a Kobe beef dinner for $16.95 at Swish. It's $40 at SSP. Let me tell you now, the Kobe at Swish is way better, too. Great marbling, better texture, tastier, etc. *Mushrooms! I don't eat veggies. I only eat mushrooms. These are freaking $3 extra at SSP, but I get free mushrooms at Swish!*Udon noodles. The tofu noodles at SSP are border line disgusting. The husband and I had to pay $2 more each to get Udon noodles. Screw you SSP and your nasty noodles. Sorry not everyone is crazy enough to like tofu or those chewy things they call noodles. We shouldn't have to pay a surcharge to get normal noodles.*Sukiyaki. The sukiyaki here is simply shabu shabu with a slightly flavored broth. The Swish sukiyaki is "real" in a sizzling plate and ROCKS! ------------------I do have to give them a leg up on the "regular" beef and their pork. Both were fantastic. Great meat quality! I'll stick to this instead of kobe from now on and do Swish when I want my kobe fix! Our meal here was quite pricey with all the bullsh*t add-ons (udon, mushrooms, split charge, etc), but like I said, I live in the neighborhood so I'll be back! I do love me some Shabu Shabu, I just wish they wouldn't screw you on the noodles and the mushrooms!
4	This was my first experience with Japanese hot-pot cooking, however, I was not disappointed. The waitress explained to us everything in detail and even demonstrated for us. She was extremely attentive even though she was the only server around, and the place actually got packed while we were there. Seems a little pricey, but once you see all of the food that you get (unlimited salad and rice, free dessert), you will see it is actually a pretty great deal. Highly recommended!
5	We just love  this restaurant, even though there is another shabu-shabu restaurant closer to us.  The Wife usually orders the "shabu-shabu style"  seaweed based broth, while I always order the "sukiyaki style" soy sauce based broth.  Both are mild in flavor.  The broth is placed in a stainless steel bowl on top of an induction cooker in front of you.  They have also creatively crafted a bowl shaped in a yin and yang, so that two people can enjoy both broths at the same time.  What a great idea!You select the type of meat, poultry or seafood you desire.  I get either beef, pork or a mixture of both.  The Wife usually orders the raw sea scallops.  We found out that the scallops are sushi grade and not the tiny ones.  Forget cooking them in the broth, we just eat these neatly sliced and scrumptious raw scallops after dipping them straight into a mixture of soy sauce and wasabi.  Another great thing about this place, is that the vegetables are unlimited.  Also, the salad is so tasty.  It's has this awesome dressing that is mayo-based, tangy, and has a slight sweet finish.  I usually end up ordering at least 2-3 salads because of that damn dressing.  The main reason why I love this place is all about those tofu noodles.  This was where I had this type of noodle for the first time.  I always go insane and ask for heaps of it.  It's unlimited!!!  It's all about the texture of these noodles.  This noodle is perfect for shabu-shabu because no matter how long you leave it in the boiling hot broth, the noodle it's texture.  It does not get mushy.  It's so hard to describe its texture because it's slippery and soft but has a slight crunch to it.  It's like eating jellyfish in a jellyfish salad.  It's out of this world for my mouth!!!!  (i mean the noodles....hmmm maybe also the jellyfish salad, but i love both)  Because of the mild flavor of the broths, after cooking each piece meat, vegetable, and tofu noodles, you are able to flavorize them by dipping them in either a peanut based, a ponzu, or a spicy ponzu sauce.  I love the spicy ponzu sauce because it has a good amount of heat and is just so tangy.  I highly recommend this place.  The service has always been excellent and the flavors and quality of food has been so consistent for the number of times we have gone there.  I can't wait to go back there again!!!
4	Great service by a very attentive young lady who provided unlimited salad, veggies to cook and soda. We love the beef & scallops with a side of mushrooms. The only down side, parents who bring & do not control their children. Chop sticks are not drum sticks! It ruins a great date. Parents, for heavens sake, leave your unruly brats at home. They are not cute!
4	This restaurant has been on my radar since I read Misti's review, but it is rather far for me to visit just for some shabu shabu or sukiyai. However, since I was already in this neck of the woods for a doctor's appointment, I decided to drive a few miles down the street to pay Shabu Shabu Paradise a visit and decide for myself.We I arrived, the restaurant has a table of 3 customers who were nearly done with their lunch.  So it was not busy at all for a Wednesday lunch.I decided to splurge for the Kobe lineage Wagyu beef lunch special (L9) which is $32, and the most expensive lunch option on the menu.  Shortly after ordering the friendly waitress brought out my salad dressed with miso dressing. It was good and I was offered another refill of the salad while the lunch items were being brought out.  I also went with the option of 1/2 shabu shabu (water with a piece of kelp) and 1/2 sukiyaki in one pot.  I think it is a good idea to do it this way, if you can't decide which you would prefer or if you just to enjoy both in one sitting.  Overall, I think he Kobe beef is good, but the portion is small, unlike those of the regular beef or chicken, based on the photos others have uploaded to Yelp. But I was still able to leave the restaurant very satisfied after wolfing down 4 plates of veggies, 2 bowls of rice, and 2 salads, plus several refills of Coke.  I didn't get any ice cream though, not sure if they discontinued that or it is not part of the lunch special.Regarding service, it was excellent.  The waitress checked up on me and the settings on the induction stove fairly often, and refills my Coke even when it is only half full. I didn't have to ask for a beverage refill once!Anyway, it is a nice little restaurant with a very attentive staff, which I will look forward to visiting the next time I am in Henderson.I will give it a 4 stars - for excellent service, good tasting food, and ambiance of the restaurant.
5	Everybody that is planning on visiting us in Vegas, just know that we WILL be dining at this restaurant. Easily one of the BEST dining experiences I've had since moving to the area 4 years ago.
3	I ate here for lunch with a friend for the first time a few weeks ago. I ordered the rib-eye sukiyaki style, and she the beef & chicken sukiyaki. The vegetable tray had a variety of veggies and noodles, and meat appeared fresh and perfect. I would have rated 4 stars, but I was a little disappointed with the depth of the hot pot. I was expecting a more shallow pot (like they provide at my regular shabu-shabu place) so as to better control the temperature and see the veggies and meat as they cook vs. constantly swirling and "digging" them up from the bottom.  Overall, the food was delicious and the price point was very affordable for lunch - $15 per person and includes unlimited veggie plate refills.  I will definitely return.
5	This is such a special place.  So Eric R. and I ate here right before he proposed to me at the M back in June.  He brought a close friend visiting him here and told our favorite waitress/owner that we got engaged.  When we returned last night, she congratulated me immediately!  She was so happy for us.  The experience was great as usual - she knew before I did that I wanted double spicy sauce and that Eric didn't want any.  We added the mushrooms and they were great!  Shiitakes taste amazing in the sukiyaki broth!They added oysters on special for shabu shabu or on the half shell.  Eric isn't into them so I will have to try them next time.  To top off the great meal, we got 10% off in celebration of our engagement.  I am so glad I moved 3 miles closer to Shabu Shabu Paradise!  It is now a viable option for a healthy meal nearby!!!
5	My g/f and I come here about once a month and we are never disappointed.  The food is excellent.  I usually get the sukiyaki and she gets the shabu shabu.  If you get the sukiyaki, I have some recommendations.  First, order the raw egg with the meal.  Crack the egg into the small bowl they give you with the egg, then beat to mix the egg yoke and white together.  When you pull a piece of cooked food out of the hot pot, dip it in the egg then eat.  When I dip a piece of the cooked meat in the egg, then put it in my mouth, it melts...  So good and there's nothing else like it.  I would also recommend that you order a side of mushrooms and udon noodles to add to your hot pot.  Check the web site for specials.
4	This place was wonderful! The food was amazing and the service was excellent. It was very quaint and was a great place to take your special someone out too. They even gave us coupons to come back!I had a seafood platter of scallops and shrimp. The scallops were amazing in both broths. Me and my boyfriend had the split broth in the yin and yang hot pot. It was amazing.You do get unlimited salad and veggies as well which was awesome. The noodles are so good too.I adore this place...the service, the food, the atmosphere.  Shabu-Shabu, I do-I do :)
5	Love, this place.
4	My first shabu experience!Thank you Misti and Bobby for taking me to Shabu Shabu Paradise on Sunday night when I arrived to Vegas...From the salad to the seconds and thirds of veggies, I really enjoyed the meal.  I went with Jack (Single Portion) #2 - Large Shrimp Shabu-Shabu ($20).  It was a lot of food, and so much fun to cook up myself.  I enjoyed the dipping sauces too.  The nice thing about this cuisine is that despite eating a lot, I didn't feel overly full.  The food is pretty light, which I love!I will have to return, however, as I just read on Wikipedia that "Once the meat and vegetables have been eaten, leftover broth from the pot is customarily combined with the remaining rice, and the resulting soup is usually eaten last." ---- I didn't know this!  I left all of the leftover broth instead of eating it like soup!We skipped dessert and opted instead to treat ourselves to foot massages.  What a fabulous night!
5	What is there to say that the other reviews haven't? I love coming here. My boyfriend and I try to get here once a month if possible. Truthfully, I could eat here every other day if it wasn't so far from where I live. The portions are satisfying and that the AYCE salad and sides is just wonderful. The free ice cream dessert is just enough to compliment the end of the meal. I am not a vegetable eater, but I love them when I come here. I like taking the napa cabbage and dipping it into the spicy ponzu sauce. I regret the burn each time but it is so good I end up doing it again. They have a wonderful sesame peanut sauce that I could just slather all over everything. I think it compliments the beef and the tofu best, or at least that is how I like it. The edamame was good and had just the right amount of salt. I like getting the queen portion 1/2 beef and 1/2 scallop. I love the scallops. The are slightly sweet and very tender. I usually have shabu shabu, my bf likes sukiyaki.The great thing about eating here, is that the pace at which you eat ensures you don't get stuffed to uncomfortableness. The leisurely way of cooking and eating makes for an excellent conversation setting. The staff (so far I have only seen two servers, the second one was only present on a holiday) is courteous, friendly and attentive. I believe the value you get for your dollar is well worth it. It also helps that they give you coupons every time you visit!
5	SWISH SWISH!!So close to me, and this is the first trying it, I am upset with myself. So, my review probably sounds like the rest on here... but... power by numbers!!The waitress was running the whole place by herself and I never felt left alone. She had no problem suggesting what my friend and I to get, nor had a problem teaching us the way of Shabu-Shabu (we had to ask the obvious of what it meant, yes.. it means swish swish ;]). For $28 it was a seemingly unlimited meal (excluding meats): salad, vegetables, noodles, tofu, and broth. Because we split the selection we had a $6 split charge, but that was no biggie to me. You are getting so much food, it only seems fair.I recommend getting the split pot of Shabu Shabu and Sukiyaki broth. With the Shabu broth you get 3 dipping sauces ponzu, peanut, and a spicy sauce. With the Sukiyaki you get just the broth which has a Teriyaki flavor. Next time, I believe I will again get a split pot because the sauces were yummy and the Sukiyaki broth was good on its own..I can't wait to come back and gorge myself on broth and veggies:]... and then get some "on the house" ice cream.
5	WOWOWOW! Holy crap, but this place is beyond awesome! Finally was able to try this place! I've been to swish and this place is soooooo much more better! All you can eat vegetables, need I say more?! I, like everyone else, love those tofu noodles. They are a little chewy, but no way near as chewy as udon noodles are. I love the fact that you can get shabu shabu broth AND sukiyaki broth! First off, the one lady who works there all by herself is just... I'm speechless. She works so hard. And she is so efficient! I got the Queen 1/2 beef and 1/2 scallops. Both soooo juicy and tender! I had to take advantage and ended up getting two orders of salad and veggies! Mmmm. Vegetables include napa cabbage, carrots, bamboo shoots, tofu, snow peas, and the tofu noodle. The bamboo shoots & snow peas were really delicious... never would have thought to use those! The real reason behind second order of veggies were for those tofu noodles!The place is easy to find and very clean. And did I mention that service is friggin' great?! And the food is even better. I will definitely be visiting this little joint much more often now.OH! And I forgot to mention you get a complimentary vanilla ice cream at the end of the meal! You get a choice of strawberry or chocolate syrup or green tea powder!
4	I have been eager to try this restaurant after reading so many rave reviews. Unfortunately, it is quite a long drive from my usual haunts. However, I finally got my chance when I found myself in the vicinity of SSP after returning from a hike in Goldstrike Canyon and Hot Springs.On Sunday evening, it was relatively quiet with only several other customers. The decor is relatively spartan with deep reds and bold blacks punctuating the contemporary feel of this space. I was greeted and seated without delay.The menu consists of a selection of appetizers and main entrees. You can choose between shabu shabu or sukiyaki styles or even both apparently. Included with your entree are unlimited vegetable platters consisting of tofu, napa cabbage, carrots, green onions, and flat tofu noodles. Meat portion sizes are designated as Jack, Queen, King, or Ace. You may mix and match the various meats which include beef, kurobuta pork, organic chicken, shrimp, scallops, and kobe beef. You also receive a small salad, white rice, both with unlimited refills, and a scoop of vanilla ice cream with mandarin orange and pineapple slices for dessert.Being quite ravenous after my physically demanding hike, I opted for the King size sukiyaki ($23) with 1/2 beef and 1/2 pork. While I was waiting for my hot pot to boil and meat to be sliced, I had 2 servings of the small salad. It was tasty and served with a sesame-based dressing, but not particularly noteworthy. Finally, the meat arrived, sliced paper-thin. Although I am an unabashed carnivore, I ended up having 3 plates of veggies and that was one of my favorite aspects of the meal. The flavors were terrific and far superior to Swish.As always, there is some room for improvement. What I would like to see is some mushrooms, i.e. enoki, shiitake, or matsutake, included with the veggies, even if they had to raise prices modestly. As it stands, a single order of mushrooms can be had for $3. I love some spice with my shabu shabu or sukiyaki. Unfortunately, they do not have chili oil available as a condiment, but at least they do have another favorite, shichimi togarashi (Japanese chili powder). Dessert could use some work. I opted for the green tea powder topping, but the other choices were either a chocolate or strawberry sauce. I would strongly prefer real green tea, chocolate, or strawberry ice cream over the scoop of vanilla with the various toppings. While the mandarin orange slices were okay, the anemic and pale pineapple came from a can. However, all of these are nitpicks in the big scheme of things.The single hostess/waitress is a model of efficiency. My water glass was rarely empty for long. She regularly stopped by to ask if I wanted more vegetables or if there was anything else that I needed. At the end of my meal, my bill was presented and processed swiftly. From what I understand, all customers are given 2 discount coupons to be used on a future visit. The first is for 20% off lunch. The second gives you $10 off your bill with minimum purchase of 2 entrees and 2 beverages. They also have Monday Night Madness specials which include 15% off any entree, 20% off all Kobe dinners, both with required beverage purchase, and 30% off all sake, wine, and beer.Overall, the nice peaceful ambience, efficient service, and delicious food at reasonable prices makes SSP a real gem. If they can address some minor issues, they are fully capable of a coveted 5 star rating. Here's to wishing that they are successful and eventually expand to Summerlin, preferably sooner rather than later.
4	The Skinny: great service, reasonable prices, and a great ponzu sauce has me coming back again and again despite the lengthy drive - 30 miles, yo! (4), service: efficient service where a glass is never empty without asking, a waitress always asks whether you want more... (4.5), value: lunch is a better value for your dollar but dinner is also quite reasonable (4).High marks goes to all the Yelpers who love this place. I've been dying to try out Shabu Shabu Paradise and my hubby indulged me after being away from Vegas for 6 agonizing weeks. Due to my late flight in (which I won't even get into because it was possibly the worst flight of my life - whole different story), my hubby called ahead to ensure that they would take us in. The lady informed him that as long as we got into the restaurant before 9:30 pm, it would be okay. Sweet!So we squeeked in 15 minutes before closing and were welcomed (genuinely) by the waitress. She never left a beverage unfilled and kept bringing us all the accompaniments we needed without asking for it. She was the most efficient waitress we've had in a long time.Portion sizes for the meat are Jack ($18; only one choice of protein), Queen ($18 for 2 choices of protein) and King ($23 for two choices of protein) and they serve finely sliced kurobata pork, organic chicken and high quality beef. Seafood (scallop, shrimp) are extra. Veggies plates are unlimited and include: green onion, sliced bamboo, carrot, napa cabbage, tofu (medium soft), and tofu noodles. Mushrooms are an extra $3 as a side or can be ordered as the vegetarian only option ($12) and the choices include shittake, enoki and maitaki varieties. Your meal will also include unlimited salad and a bowl of ice cream for dessert during dinner time.Shabu shabu here is the thing to order - a simple broth made with seaweed (kombu) served with the freshest vegetables you have and the best quality meat you can find. The ponzu is fantastic - the strong citrus flavouring of yuzu really comes through and tantalizes your tastebuds. So good! The sesame sauce adds a sweet richness to the cooked ingredients. Spicy ponzu has quite a kick - be forewarned!The sukiyaki is similar to the shabu shabu however the broth is derived from a sweet soy sauce. You eat the sukiyaki without any adornments.There are a couple reasons though, this restaurant does not get a full 5-stars.First, the waygu beef is sliced a little too thin for my tastes. When you have something as luxurious as waygu, it is best served in thicker slices for you to enjoy the melt-in-your-mouth-ness. When sliced so thin, it is hard to tell the difference between wagyu and regular beef due to it's tendency to be overcooked. (FYI - cook the meat only to pink if you ordered wagyu - otherwise the cow will haunt your dreams for such an egregious insult). Tip: try the wagyu during lunch time as it's more affordable in combination with the 20% lunch coupon.Secondly, the sukiyaki broth a little thin for my tastes - I really like a slightly thicker flavoured broth.  Finally, the dessert was rather poor considering the quality of the other parts of the meal: a scoop of ice cream with either chocolate sauce, green tea powder, or strawberry sauce then topped with canned fruit. To be honest, some small slices of fresh fruit would have been more preferable.Overall, the experience fulfilled my craving for an Asian soul food winter staple. Coupled with some really great lunch/dinner coupons, it cleared up the sniffles better than chicken soup and is good on the wallet! 4 star review.
4	Great place -- and great concept if you haven't had it before.  "Japanese fondue" is served up here at a reasonable price.  Mmmmm, need to go back soon.
4	Not bad,as I have gone to shabu shabu dinners back home in CA ,but never lunch, so I tried their lunch here in Henderson, yummy and the service was on top of everything, extra rice,veggies,drinks if you so liked... Lots of parking out in front. Lunch specials come with free soda or tea and reasonably priced....Yes I will be going back for lunch...
4	We drive 20 miles out of our way to eat here, and have done so 4 times over the last 4 months. The vegetables and tofu noodles keep us coming back, and the waitstaff is incredibly attentive. We always get 4 or 5 salads (re-orders are included) and our meal ends up taking about 90 minutes from start to finish. They recently raised their price on some of their dinners, but it is still well worth it. Their iced Green Tea is the really kelp-green kind, and their tofu noodle is the perfect balance of al dente and 'springy'. I had never had tofu noodle before I'd eaten here, and I am now in love with it. The unlimited vegetables, tofu and tofu noodles make for a really liberating dining experience. The fact that this stuff is unlimited makes the $6 share charge a no-brainer. Party of two? Order one dinner, add the $6 share charge and you are all set. Dinner includes dessert which is usually ice cream with your choice of topping, and they always offer two desserts if you're sharing. Everytime we leave Shabu Shabu Paradise I walk away full, but not stuffed. Unlike AYCE sushi where the expanding rice almost always gets the best of me in the end!Oh yeah, watch for rocks kicking up on the I-215 on the way out there.
4	Yes i agree with everyone else that this place is good but that's where i draw the line.10 out of 10 for authentic japanese styleThe only thing that gets me is the bang to buck ratio. For what we paid for a half beef half seafood we could have got a lot more. What i think i'm trying to say is this place is good if you want to make an impression on someone or a out of town group or want authentic shabu shabu. I honestly wouldnt consider coming back. There's a lot more places where 20-30 dollars can get you a lot more food that's a lot closer to my location.
5	Shabu Shabu Paradise has been our favorite place for shabu shabu for quite awhile now.  We go there often, and we love that the waitress remembers specific details about how we like our food and condiments.  (Specifically, the evening waitress since we see her the most.)This year, I haven't been able to indulge in their raw scallops, so we've been ordering their beef only.  (Pretty soon though, I'll be back on the raw scallop diet!  Yes, you can eat their scallops raw - ask for some soy sauce and wasabi.)  Sometimes I'll pick the mushroom option for a little change though.They also have raw garlic paste which is nice to add to your ponzu sauce, be sure not to add it to your broth because it'll boil over and make a mess! We love their salad and dressing - no iceberg lettuce here!  And we love the free refills on that!We love their veggies and of course, can't get enough of their tofu noodles.  Yes, free refills on all of that too!Most recently, we did the whole split plate charge (courtesy of reading Bobby Y.'s review).  It says there on the menu that they'll charge you $6 for a split plate and here, it's so worth it!  We ordered one item from the Jack menu and paid the additional six.  This worked out well since I wasn't eating that much beef and the Husband could have it all to himself for the most part.  Meanwhile, I still get my fill on the salad, rice, veggies, tofu noodles, and dessert too!  Not a bad way to spend $6 in my opinion!And you can't help but love that they give coupons out every time you visit - it's hard getting there within the next 20 days though.  Their lunch prices can't be beat either - free beer or soda?! Wow!  (And as one friend pointed out, it's a real full glass of beer...not a tiny little one.)
4	Shabu Paradise is an amazing find! SSP has great fresh quality ingredients and amazingly friendly service. I love my veggies and I LOVE SSP's unlimited vegetables. Also, I always get a raw egg to dip my sukiyaki and since SSP uses freshest ingredients I don't have to worry about getting sick from food poisoning. Plus, the vanilla ice cream w/ match powder puts an exclamation mark at the end of a quality authentic shabu meal.Worth the drive from LV =)
4	Although I've only eaten here a couple of times (the only times that I've experienced shabu shabu) and gotten two different dishes, I have thoroughly enjoyed their lunch menu.  The fact that they offer a free beer, soft drink, or tea was pretty enticing.The salad, although simple, was pretty good.  By good, I mean fresh, and that the leaves and tomato slices weren't drowning in their dressing.  It helped that the waitress kept coming to our table again and again to ask if we wanted our salad replenished.  The waitress was very helpful and informative in explaining the way that the food was to be cooked, in demonstrating the proper way to cook the food and to clear the pots for cooking, as well as explaining the different uses for each dipping sauce.We didn't order anything other than the usual entrees (chicken + chicken, chicken + meat), but they did seem also generous with the amount of vegetables--the usual bean sprouts, noodles, tofu, etc.  Since my dad has a pacemaker and was unable to stay within close proximity of the cooking area, the waitress ended up preparing the food for him. We ended up getting two rounds of vegetables, on top of the two rounds of salads.The only gripe that I have is that there weren't bigger portions of the beef or chicken, in comparison to the price that we paid.At least we were given some lunch vouchers for 20% off our next visit.  Overall, great experience each time.  The portions, however, left me wanting more.
4	Delicious! Lunch special is such a good value and super filling. Super friendly staff but service gets a little slow especially when it's busy.
5	Very nice place. Brought my family here for a great dining experience:Location - A bit off the beaten path, but that adds to it's "find" as a nice place to eat.Ambiance - A bit sterile, but clean and warm. since this place is out of the way, and it is a bit sterile, it has a very modern feel. Overall, it is pleasant and not an issue.Food - Fresh, good quantity and flexible. You can order any size dish you want, vegetable, pork, chicken and beef as well as seafood. Nice appetizers and great tea. If you haven't had Genmai tea yet, try it. Nice green tea with roasted brown rice. Very flavorful.  Cooking the food in the clear water or the sukiyaki (suggest you try both) is fun. They give you dipping sauces for the clear water method and while not extremely taste overpowering, it is subtle and refined. For those that enjoy being overloaded with powerful taste or spices, you have to prepare yourself for the subtlety that is shabu shabu at it's finest.Service - For one waitress, very excellent. She will also "train" you on how to eat Shabu Shabu and how to cook it.Price - Very good.  For three people, with drinks and good amount of food, you might spend up to 75.00. Figure on 20-25 per person depending on what you order.Reservations - not required, but they have three tables of four, nd one long table that perhaps seats a total of 18 or so?Parking - Very easy. In an underused strip mall in the burbs.Finally - You gotta try it. this place will grow on you. I have taken family and business partners there.
5	This is a hidden gem, the service is awesome ... but the food is even better. The lunch special is great in expensive and free beer. The portions is perfect. This is the best shabu shabu place in Henderson and Las Vegas area. Like I said it is a hidden gem. FYI everything is fresh ... i have eaten here more than 10 times ... I have not had 1 single bad meal or experience.
4	Very cozy shabu shabu place in an unusual location at the base of MacDonald Highlands.Very nice shabu shabu (the wife went for the sukiyaki so the pan looks kinda like a ying yang symbol).Meat was very very thin, just need to boil it for a moment. All the add-on's (tofu, noodles, vegtables) are very nice.  It is very fresh and easy to eat over a long time.  We also had the black cod (super yummy) and oysters on the half shell (very fresh and tasty) as appetizers along with the edaname (which always goes better with a beer in hand)This place is small so be sure to book a reservation.We prefer Chinese Spicy Hot Pot (Just had little sheep a few weeks ago in shanghai and that is super yum) but the nuanced tastes of japanese really come through with this place. It is very traditional, and I am always happy if I am one of the few gweilo's (or in this case gaijin)in a place.
4	I discovered about this place when I googled shabu-shabu, henderson, nv..and to my surprise I had no idea there was one located in my area.  I quickly browsed on yelp to brief on the reviews and the hours of business on this place and I immediately decided to give it a try.  The place closes at 9:30 on weekdays and looking at the time it was a little pass 9:00 p.m. and by the time I arrived there it was almost nearing 9:20.  The place was actually not that hard to find since it's located right across from the Mcdonald Ranch estates. By the time I walked through the door, I thought they weren't going to serve me and I figured better luck tommorrow, instead the nice waitress didn't hesitate to ask me "how many?'  I told her if its too late I'll come back tomorrow but she said don't worry, please have a seat." ( Automatically scored lots of points for that one =) )The atmosphere was nice and clean and the decor was simple and straight to the point. The place is small but just rightly sized.  And for some reason I have a thing for small quaint hole in the wall places. Maybe it's just because most places where I've enjoyed some real great dining experiences in my life took part in such places.  Since I already overlooked the menu before arriving there, I already knew what to order and I ordered the King all beef shabu-shabu plate which is supposedly the largest beef plate you can get and that was priced for ( $23 ). whats great about the plates is that it comes with unlimited veggies and rice which most shabu shabu places don't offer. Accompaning my meal I ordered a glass of  iced green tea. When the food arrived, the iced tea was that very cloudy green concoction which I've always favored and it made me happy to see that, so right away good feelings were starting to kick in about this place. She also brought out my salad which arrived in a small yet proportionate bowl and I liked the dressing that was on my salad, its just too bad there wasn't a bit more on it.When she brought out the plates, there was a plate of my veggies, the usual veggie shabu shabu plate which consumes of cabbage, noodles, carrots, bamboo shoots, tofu cubes, green onions but no enoki mushrooms or any mushrooms of any kind which I can totally do without during a shabu shabu dining experience. The shabu meat plate was a heaping of beef, which all looked very fresh, appealing and tasty. She also brought out three bowls of dipping sauce and they were Ponzu, a sesame-peanut, and a spicy sauce which looked very much liked the ponzu.Another thing I liked to point out is that they used actual glass heated stoves underneath their pots instead of the individual stove burners with the propane can. So I now I started with my meal, swishing the meat and adding the veggies in the two parted pot ( you are also given the option to do half sukiyaki and half shabu-shabu ) and my first try was the ponzu sauce, and it was a good, light, citrusy flavor. it was not too acidic and bold like other ponzu dipping sauces I've had. Then I tried the peanut sesame and also was good and the peanut flavor was light and wasn't heavy ( thank goodness ), my favorite one of all was actually the spicy because it had a spicy kick to it at the end of the bite.During my meal the nice lady waitress would check up on me from time to time and clean my water with the ladle and make sure my broth was clear of the meat boil build-up .  She was very sweet and extremely helpful which made my first time experience all the better.In the end with everything the bill totaled to $27.00 which was not bad at all.  The one great thing I can say about shabu shabu paradise that everything I ate was most importantly clean and fresh. It may not be as great as other shabu shabu places I had in the past but the food is pretty tradition shabu shabu, the atmosphere, the cleanliness, the option of endless rice and veggies, a free dessert in the end, and wonderful friendly helpful service from just ONE waitress made everything so much more pleasant. =) =) 2 thumbs up for the waitress.Definitely coming back here, again and again. =)p.s. I loved the vanilla ice cream that was topped with a green tea matcha powder and slice of peach... verry yummy! =) and the fact they hand you some discount card coupons on your next visit. saweet! =)
5	We miss this place like crazy!!  Nothing up here in Sacramento compares to the simple, clean, DELICIOUS, and generous shabu shabu (and sukiyaki) of SSP!!  Everything up North is cluttered, too noisy, too "saucy", or just...not quite the same quality.  I hope Shabu Shabu Paradise continues to thrive and keep everyone full and happy!As I think SSP's owners are really Japanese (not Korean, Chinese, etc.)...so I hope all's ok with their relatives in Japan, too.
5	The best quality shabu shabu in Las Vegas
5	Relaxing dining experience! Server was very knowledgable and explained how the experience works in a very professional manner. The green tea with rice is phenomenal (I'm thinking of ordering some to go). We ordered half shabu and half tepenaki-- the tepenaki was my favorite! Beef and pork were our proteins and they offer salad, rice, veggies, and tofu unlimited while you dine. Really fantastic experiance and what a hidden gem!
5	Nothing is more gratifying than having control over what you eat. Shabu shabu is light, clean, and comes with unlimited sides. By our western standards, the amount of meat that you get is not abundant, and I am alright with that. The servings come in three different sizes. Jack, a single serving of one protein. Queen, gives you the ability to do two half portions of different meats. Lastly, the king, where you are allowed a more bountiful amount with the option of splitting. Each pot comes in a yin yang pattern to give you the option of having the sukiyaki, regular, or both. I recommend the half and half. The soy sauce base, sukiyaki, is a delicious complement to the spicy and citrus dipping sauces. The regular shabu shabu is best for the peanut sauce because it is a strong flavor with a thick consistency.When the meat came out, I thought it would not be enough. As the meal progressed, I had almost forgotten about it completely. Instead I was enjoying the all you can eat vegetables, salad, tofu, and rice. I had polished off four plates of veggies and tofu. Even after eating all that, I left here feeling satisfied and not disgusted.The server was awesome. She was on top of refilling our drinks, and offering an endless bounty of side dishes. She was so patient with the confused guest that came in after us, walking them through the entire menu and offering suggestions. This debunks my whole argument about being neglected and ignored is how Japanese like their service.
5	Thank you Yelpers because I NEVER would have found this place without using Yelp.  I live just down the street from the restaurant but I never would have found it.  It sits in a office complex area and sits in the corner of the complex.  When you see the place from the outside nothing even hits and the wonderful yumminess that awaits you inside!My husband and I went out for date night here and I cannot tell how happy we were!  The food is AMAZING!  We have never dons Shabu-Shabu so we did not know what to expect.  The waitress was VERY nice and explained what we should do.  You have a pot of broth placed in front of you to cook the raw food and then are given three dishes of sauce to dip the food in but I am getting ahead of myself...First you decide your entree and asked your choice of broth (shabu-shabu or sukiyaki).  I would recommend getting both.  Then we were brought a salad (You can get extra salad, rice, vegetables, and tofu for free).  The miso dressing on the salad was great and the greens in the salad fresh and crisp.  Next we were brought our rice, vegetables and tofu along with the three dipping sauces.  The waitress explained that first sauce was a sesame and yuzu (Japanese citrus) sauce.  It has a tart flavor and was incredible with the seafood, chicken, pork and tofu we ordered.  The next sauce was a peanut based sauce.  It is thicker than the sesame sauce and has a sweet taste. It was WONDERFUL with the maitaki mushroom, undo noodle, chicken, and tofu. The last sauce I caught the waitress saying it was spicy but I had NO idea...lol.  I about burned my mouth off when I tried it.  :D  We asked the waitress what people did with the sauce and she said many people mix it into the first two sauces.  We tried that and it made the sesame more amazing because you got a tart and hot.  The peanut sauce was better too.  My husband also said he added the scallions to the sesame and daikon radish to the peanut sauce and it was really good.We ate and ate.  My husband even asked for seconds of tofu (something he rarely eats)!  For the two of us our bill came to about $55.  That is with tax and tip.  All I can say it is worth it! We left VERY full and did nothing but talk about one of the best meals we have had out in a LONG time!Please find time to eat there if you get a chance.  You won't be disappointed!
5	I have been to this place now about 6 times. 1.  Who to take - I have taken business colleagues from San Francisco, capital of great food, from Rome, it doesn't get better food from Italy, as well as friends from Vegas.  Everyone loves this place. How about that for a recommendation?2.  Great for - dates, a fun experience, learning, healthy food.3.  Price - Very worth it!!!4.  Location - Near empty strip mall on northeast corner of Horizon Ridge and Valle Verde in Henderson.5.  Parking - Easy, 6.  Tables - Three tables seating four and one long one that can seat perhaps 10 or 12?7.  Food - You simply order what you want, beef, pork, chicken, seafood and it is preferable to order one dish per person. If too much and you want to share one dish, you can, however, you get charged for sharing.  You can get the entire cooking pot filled with water or water on one side and sukiyaki sauce on the other side. This is what we always do.8.  Experience - This is a great place to experience the subtleness of Japanese joy of eating and delicate flavors. Gotta try it for sure!GK says, don't wait, go!
5	Great find! Just happen to see this place while driving by. Been wanting to try Shabu Shabu and i definently know where i'll be going next time i want some good hot pot. We had 4 kinds of meat and unlimited veggies, tofu & tofu noodles to cook, the package also came with desert. 3 sapporo's and all for only $50. Very tasty, but light meal. Next time we'll try the sukiyaki. The wait staff was VERY friendly and we even stayed past closing time and they were still bringing us food. GREAT PLACE!
4	Yummmmmm!!!! Great food.... Slightly dark atmosphere but delishhhhh food! Great for everyone! Lots of veggie dishes as well!
4	Went here with a friend who was on a diet and was in need of some diet friendly healthy food.  It was a great meal.  The waitress was quick and helpful.  The best part is that it was kind of slow to cook your own food.  So for someone on a diet, it was nice that their meal wasn't over so quickly.My 8 year old boy also enjoyed cooking his own food.  All around it was a special meal.We will be back!!
5	First, I have to state the obvious...we are NOT in Little Tokyo (LA).  That aside, this is the best place I've found in Vegas for Shabu Shabu.  An old co-worker of mine turned me on to it.  She used to go there for their lunch specials, but it has mostly been a dinner spot for me.  Like all good Shabu Shabu places, you have to call ahead to make reservations.  This is not only to ensure an open table, but to allow the staff the time to make sure you receive the best possible dining experience.  Every time I've gone we've had the same server, and she's the best.  Treat her well and she'll make sure you have a good time.  I normally go with the King 9 (beef) in Shabu Shabu broth.  The shoyu and sesame sauces are amazing.  Especially the spicy shoyu.  The veggies and noodles help to round out the meal.  Any of the extras are good too.  Their beer and sake menu is decent, if not extensive.  I've never been disappointed with what they have served.  Though I, admittedly, am no expert....yet
5	I highly recommend this restaurant. The original Japanese style Shabu - Shabu !!!! My wife and I tried so many restaurants,This place is the most delicious Shabu- Shabu we have had. Always fresh vegetables and top grade meats,seafoods. We LOVE !!!!!Also very clean restaurant ,we've been going this place over two years, Always the health district grade A (There's so many dirty restaurants)Plus excellent service by owner server Junko -San is very kind. If you never been this place? You should try!!!! You'll see what I mean.
4	Food: I got the Kobe beef Shabu Shabu, and it pretty much melted in my mouth. Everything else was pretty standard fare.Service: Friendly & Attentive.Ambience: very...red. It's nice that they use induction stoves, and pots that look like a yin and yang symbol.
5	Great shabu shabu! I have come here for their lunch special over a dozen times in the few months. The waitress is one of the owners, and she's great at explaining how to shabu shabu like an expert. Their food is fresh, and their veggies and salads are unlimited. One tip: if you get sukiyaki, slightly dip your rice bowl in the broth and let it sit for a few minutes (otherwise you'll burn your mouth on the hot broth). What you get is a tasty, brothy rice side with fantastic flavor.The restaurant is small yet clean and nicely decorated, and when I've gone for lunch they are never packed.
4	I've eaten here a couple of times and love it.  It's simply a different dining experience!I first came here on the recommendation of a friend last year.  I was initially hesitant about the concept but after my first visit, was converted into a shabu shabu booster member.I like to describe shabu shabu as pho meets fondue.  Essentially, each table has a table top electric stove.  You select different types of thinly sliced meat, which are brought out raw.  The server brings out pots filled with water, which are heated on the table top stove, along with either seaweed/kelp or sukiyaki, or both. (The pot has a divider, so one side can be sukiyaki and one side can be seaweed.)The fun part comes next: taking the meat, dipping it into the pot and swishing it back and forth until it's cooked.  Shabu shabu literally means swish swish.  (Or so Wikipedia tells me.)  The server also brings out other goodies, such as tofu, rice, veggies, noodles, and three kinds of dipping sauces (one is super, super spicy).  The tofu and veggies can be dipped in the sukiyaki and/or dipping sauces.   I've always ordered the queen portion for myself, just cause I love getting the beef AND shrimp.  This is more than enough for me, and last time, I shared with a friend and we were both stuffed at the end of the night.Although cooking your own meat, especially shrimp, may seem a little alarming, it's totally fine and really good.  As a member of the shabu shabu booster club, I highly recommend trying out.  Plus, this place is great.  They're super attentive with service and even give you re-fills on the rice!  Also, a tip -- if you get cold easily, bring a sweater.  The A/C seems to be on overdrive all the time.  I always am freezing inside!!!
4	Great but I thought the Kobe was too expensive compared to the ribeye.  Dinner for one with Kobe, was enough to not warrant the drive again from North Las Vegas, there is a closer, cheaper venue for shabu shabu.  The food was great, and the atmosphere a little too upscale.  I felt a little underdressed.  Great place if you want to take a date and make them feel like they are living the high on the hog.
5	We always have a great time here. Sercivce, food and all. Usually make a fiew friends too.
4	Having been a fan of Swish for a while, I was excited to find a shabu shabu place so close to home (thanks to a review by Teri C. - who ended up sitting right next to me! - for the inspiration to try it).My friend had never had shabu shabu or sukiyaki, so I asked for both and was excited at the presentation: instead of a separate pot for each (broth and soy-based sauce, respectively), it was a single large pot with a divider that allowed us to have both in the same cooking space! Convenient, creative, and efficient! #winWe started with edamame (Sunday special, only $1!) and a krab-wasabi salad. The edamame was hot and fresh, just salty enough, and tender. The krab was about what I expected... the flavors of the dressing were really great, but it's krab not crab (yeah, that fake, formed, stick stuff). I knew that going into it, so I am not complaining. We opted for the King meal to split, choosing beef, scallops and shrimp. We also ordered 3 of the mushroom sides. Add to this that we were given 2 huge orders of vegetables to go with it, and we had a boatload of delicious food before us!The meats were fresh and tender, the veggies crisp, and the cooking and dipping sauces were really, really flavorful without being laden with salt (hard to do!). They do offer waygu and kobe, but we went with the standard beef and were not disappointed. I tasted some of it - along with a scallop or two - raw and really liked it. Melt-in-your-mouth good all on their own.Service was fantastic. We wanted for nothing and were offered the world... all with a smile. Top it off with some hot tea and we were set. Well, almost.... My companion did get some of their strawberry ice cream and really enjoyed it.A new fave, for sure. I look forward to returning!
4	The meat and veggies were fresh and the waitress (owner?) was attentive as well as very patient to explain the ins and outs of shabu shabu to my non-initiated friend. A great little place with great food at reasonable prices. Since we were the only 2 people in the place (we eat early), it was an intimate setting. The only complaint was the music (80's "eclectic" soft-rock).
4	My girl and I decided to try this place on a whim, and we were very glad we did!The restaurant is about the size of a medium take out place, with one very long table taking up the left side of the restaurant where a family party of 10-12 people sat comfortably. On the right side had tables for parties of 4.We started off right with pitcher of Sapporo beer, which was a great bargain, and an order of $1 edimame (special that night). We both ordered a "Jack" serving of beef shabu-shabu, and like others pointed out the vegies and noodles are all-you-can-eat.We received three dipping bowls: ponzu, sesami dressing (which I did have to thin out with a little bit of water), and spicy ponzu sauce. I really, really enjoy spicy food and that spicy ponzu sauce was no joke.The beef was fresh, sliced just thin enough, and if I didn't fill up on beer I would of ordered a second helping.I would give five star, but the place is relatively pricey for a "Cook your own food" joint, but the side items are all you can eat, the beer is price well, and it's going to be our first dine out option when the temperature drops!!!One interesting thing did happen: Some douchebag thought he would impress his date by taking her out for sushi. So, walking in he already failed. As the waitress came and gave them menus I heard the following conversation.Douchebag: Do you guys have sushi?Waitress: No, sorry. This is a Japanese soup restaurant.Douchebag: Sushi is Japanese, right?Waitress: Yes.Douchebag: And you guys don't have it?Waitress: Nope, sorry. We do have seafood available.The dude went on order sukiyaki for him and his date.
5	I absolutely love this place. The service is SUPERB. They have attention to detail, really cater to you, and they're super nice. It's only one waitress doing everything so it's pretty impressive too. Oh, and they people working are from Japan, so they know what they're doing.The food is amazing! I usually get the Queen special (for dinner). The shrimp is a must-try. Chicken, pork, and beef, SO GOOD. The vegetables are really fresh. If you can, go on a Monday during their happy hour special and try the Kobe beef. It's marbled-goodness!!! I recommend it to everyone, especially during the cold nights of Vegas. :)
3	Small place in the cornor tucked away.  There aren't many shabu shabu places around so this will do.  It's clean and service friendly.  Things weren't explained the first time but I am sure once you know how it goes it's gonna be good.
5	Coming from Los Angeles, there were many good Japanese shabu shabu in little Tokyo. Since I moved to Vegas 2 years ago, I've been looking for a good shabu shabu restaurant. I was very glad that I found this shabu place in Vegas. It's definitely the local gem. You get unlimited refills of salads, veggies and tofu when you order a set dinner or lunch. They also offer kobe beef here. Shrimps and scallops were fresh. I love their ponzu, sesame, and spicy/hot dipping sauce, especially the ponzu sauce. It goes extremely well with seafood.  Ice cream desert at end of meal comes with the set lunch/dinner. I personally like their green tea ice cream better. They actually put green tea powder on top of vanilla ice cream. The bitter sweet and creaminess of the ice cream are the perfect ending.
3	I love shabu shabu, so had high expectations for this place.  The atmosphere was nice, I like the table set-up, and they cut the meat really thin, so it cooks quickly.  Overall, the food was good, but both the shabu shabu and sukiyaki broths were not as flavorful as I'm used to.  When it comes to shabu shabu in Vegas, I have to stick with Swish.
4	Simple, straightforward shabu shabu. Main virtue is its Henderson location. The only shabu shabu I know out there; low key and usually quiet.
5	I have been going here since finding this place two years ago. A bit off the strip, but very much worth the drive and break from the casinos.The menu is very easy to read and typical for shabu shabu. You pick your meat and then the size. Not very complicated. The meat is never too fatty and there are many sides you can add to your order. In fact, many nights they have daily specials on them and the shabu shabu meals. You get unlimited salad, vegetables and sauce with your shabu. shabu. As well as many of the drinks. A really great value for great food.Always fresh tasty food with excellent service. You will not find a more friendly and timely server anywhere.
5	This place was awesome!  My girlfriend and I were staying in Henderson not too far from this place.  I used the Urbanspoon app to look for a restaurant, and this was the first choice that came up.  Being Korean (ShabuShabu is Japanese, but popular in Korea as well) we both had Shabu Shabu several times before, so we went straight to here.  We got the split sukiyaki and shabu shabu.  They had the oyster on special, so we got the half dozen oysters on shell to start off.  These oysters were very fresh.  I know this is inland, but still these oysters tasted great.  We ordered single portion beef and single portion mushroom.  Dipping sauces were great and everything was very tasty.  We got one extra order of vege, which has free refill.  They also offer free extra rice and salad, which we didn't need.  The lady was very helpful and we got such a great service.  I strongly recommend this place!Oh, and I forgot... we both got free scoop of ice cream!
5	Good good. Great service.
4	I came here with a friend of mine after reading rave reviews on yelpThe restaurant is small but give you a very cozy home style atmosphere, My friend and I each ordered Jack size ,beef and shrimp complementary with salads, You can ask as many salad as you want with no charges.  the hot pot style is in deed very simple, does not contain any additional flavor. the things that add flavor into the foods are the dipping sauce, they served you three types of dipping sauces, and the peanut sauce is my friend favorite.The service is very good, but they should have been more organized on welcoming new customers. at the end, the ice cream with green tea topping powder is also complementary. If you want to cut down some extra calories from eating pasta, cheese burger and enjoy some healthy Japanese cooking style diet, then you should try shabu
4	This isn't the place for you if you are falling over from hunger pains. The portions are not particularly big, and the food is not greasy or fattening. If you have a medium to small appetite and want a peaceful, unique dining experience, I suggest you try this place out.Its been a while since I actually ate here so my memory's a bit foggy. I remember there being one server, as the restaurant was pretty slow when I came here with my parents. She was quite friendly and did her best to explain the concept of traditional shabu shabu to a bunch of newbies. I think we sat on the floor or something? or maybe they were just really low chairs. or maybe not. but it did seem like a nice little intimate dining experience, pretty orange walls and some soft background music.You get this large bowl with two compartments-- one with plain water and the other with some sort of traditional sweet broth. You'll be advised to try them both throughout the meal. The water boils on these fancy electric boiler plates on the table. Vegetables and thinly sliced meat will be brought to you. There are three different, tasty little sauces. The food cooks in a matter of seconds in the hot water -- swish around the vegetables with your chop sticks, dip, and eat. It's relatively healthy, low calorie stuff. Its rather expensive though so I don't know if people can afford to eat here regularly. But good, and very different from your typical restaurant experience.
4	I have been going to this place for about 5 years.  I find it worth the trip every time as the quality and service are consistently good.  Since they offer refills on the vegetables and salad, I always leave pretty full and satisfied.The meat is sliced very thin as expected so it fully cooks with two swipes.  This is a great value at lunch, and who doesn't like a beer at lunch?  The only thing I would add is some shochu to the menu since I seem to prefer that more these days.  But I am not complaining, as you can see from my coming here for 5 years.
5	I try to make it here about once a month. Shabu Shabu is a simple meal of the meat or seafood of your choice with vegetables, tasty dipping sauces and rice. Your boiling liquid is available as Shabu Shabu (water) or Sukiyaki (flavored broth).The quality of the ingredients has always been top notch which is important in this case since it comes served to you raw. My wife gets chicken and I have never had any worries about a plate of raw chicken coming out of the kitchen to our table.The process is simple, cook the veggies and meat in the boiling liquid, quick trip through the provided sauces which are ponzu, peanut, and spicy, and then down the hatch. The flavors aren't complicated and it is a simple but filling meal.It is a great place to take people if they are looking for something a little different. The cook your own aspect is pretty unique and has been enjoyable for a number of visitors I have taken here.Included in the price which ranges from $12 for just veggies to $25ish for a large portion of beef (Wagyu is also available in the $50 neighborhood) is a green salad (unlimited), vegetable and tofu plate (unlimited when accompanying a meat), rice, dipping sauces, and a little ice cream for dessert.We have been there quite a few times so the server knows our usual preferences, but can get a little overwhelmed when the place is busy (which is rare) since she is the only server.  There are only tables for about 25 so it is never that bad.A modest dinner for two with no alcohol usually runs around $60 with tax and tip which is very reasonable for a meal I always enjoy and am stuffed after, but I think I would go much more often if it were about 20% less.
4	I don't remember the last time I had Shabu Shabu but I will remember this visit to Shabu Shabu paradise. The fact that I love to cook made this experience even better. After a long week of work I decided to order some sake and to my surprise they had a very good selection. I ordered the managers recommendation about 9 bucks a glass but I loved the fact they serve it to you in a small glass that fits inside a masu (sake wooden box cup) and the waitress fills to the top over flowing into the box. We ordered the queen seafood combo which comes with shrimp and scallops and the vegetable mushroom plate with shiitlike and maitake mushrooms. We decided on both the Shabu Shabu and the sukiyaki broths but preferred the sukiyaki since it had more flavor. The meal also came with salad, rice, and bottom less veggies and tofu noodles. To me the sauces is what made the meal. It came with a plain ponzu, spicy ponzu, and a sesame sauce. All three were full of flavor but my favorite was the sesame. The only thing that I didn't like about this place was location. Its located in strip mall which is hidden from the main street. Overall Shabu Shabu Paradise was an awesome cooking experience and would definitely come back and try their meats. So if anyone wants Shabu Shabu I'll be happy to cook for you at Shabu Shabu Paradise.
3	This place is very standard shabu shabu.  I was not wowed by the quality of their ingredients but it was definitely good.  I would not say this is the best shabu shabu is Las Vegas.
5	I would call this interactive dinning and Shabu Shabu is a great choice for a date or with friends. Once you've had great Shabu you always compare to your first experience. This place measures up to my first in NYC. Small. Quaint. Good service. Clean. Great food. Wish I found it sooner. My friends & I got into a little debate over if you could really taste the difference between the Wagyu Beef compared to the regular beef. I say yes.. but next time we will order both side by side and know for sure.
3	I left this place mainly thinking my $60 meal was worth more like $30.  This poor value was achieved on their 15% discount day (Monday, I believe).  We ordered no alchohol, just (1) King and (1) Queen sized mixed Kobe platters and some iced teas.  In addition to the portion sizes being quite small, the whole cooked in fluid thing always leaves me thinking "boiled meat" just does not taste that great.  Frankly for $60 I could think of about a dozen other places that would have offered a much better meal for two people.  The service was very good, but we got there at 5pm and were the only ones in the restaurant.  Overall, I would not go back.  I should note that generally speaking I love this type of food - and I do go back to Swish!
4	One Sunday afternoon, my boyfriend and I couldn't decide what to eat. And so we searched on Yelp Japanese. And came across Shabu Shabu less than 2 miles away from where we were. We were like sure why not, we've never tried Shabu Shabu. We entered into a small restaurant with burner tables. The room had to be big enough for 30-40 people. And it was not so busy, which was a plus being such a small restaurant. We had no clue what to order or how it worked, but the kind lady was nice enough to explain. Luckily there was an expert couple sitting two tables away from us to further demonstrate and explain each step when the waitress was not available to answer our 1000 questions. We ordered the original shabu shabu sauce with chicken and shrimp. It came with vegetables and noodles. We had a fun experience cooking our food in the pot of boiling water and seaweed. Slowly you add all the ingredients to cook all at the same time, instead of waiting hahaha. It was our first time and we loved the experience and the taste. I would love to try other shabu shabu just don't know where they might be in the Vegas area.
4	Ambiance is good but the place is pretty small. A little pricey but the food is awesome. You get unlimited salad, rice, and vegetables. Dippings are okay, sesame peanut is the best. Will try the sukiyaki next time. Love this place... Will definitely come back!!
5	I wish there was a 6th star for this place! the ambiance was great.  the portions were just right. and the demonstration and the explanation on how to eat shabu shabu was very informative. I brought a friend here who had never has shabu and he enjoyed it very much. If you're looking to try something outside of sushi the experience this is the place for you :)
5	Dined here recently for the fifth time, and was as good as the first!Nice, helpful waitress, and food is always fresh. Love the sauces, too. Will go again!
5	What a great place for a leisurely meal with friends. The server was VERY helpful in explaining how the meal works and how to order. The food was very good and plenty of it. Since you "cook" your food bites at a time, you have time to converse with your diiner partners. The price was excellent for all the food you get. Cannot wait to go back with other friends.
4	I'm a Shabu Shabu newbie.The husband and I went here on a date night last Friday.Since I didn't pay any attention to the time, I didn't realize how early it was.We had the place to ourselves for the first half hour... it was quiet, it was relaxing, it was what I needed after a hectic week.Now... had we not ordered 2 pitchers of beer... this would have been a very healthy dinner.  All the veggies and meats were fresh. Nothing drenched in oil or butter or salt.  Plus, the veggies are all you can eat so that's good... because it promotes filling up on their fresh veggies which is good.The Shabu Shabu is basically just water... so you heat/boil your dinner.  It's pretty bland and you need the 3 dipping sauces to add some 'zest'. (Next time we're going to do the Sukiyaki as that seems to have more flavor.)What I really liked is this style of eating is pretty darn "clean"... meaning fresh, simple and slower.  You take the time to cook your food and by doing so... it forces you to slow down.  So, if you're starving and need to eat within a few minutes... don't go here.  If you have time and you want to have a relaxing dinner... head to Shabu Shabu for a nice, relaxing meal.We had 2 appetizers... I ordered a Queen and the hubby ordered the King.... It's not cheap... but it's not break the bank.... and you leave full.  Minus the 2 pitchers of beer... I think our bill was $35pp including tax and tip.If you haven't tried this type of restaurant... I would suggest it... you might be surprised and it might be a good way to relax.  I know it was for me.
5	My husband and I went to Shabu Shabu for the first time a month ago.  We read the reviews and were surprised to see there was such a hidden gem right here in Henderson.  All the raves were right - This place is great!  It is definitely small - Maybe had 12 or so tables, but it was great for a date night and was super affordable.  The server was very patient explaining how to cook shabu (as it was our first Shabu experience), and we ordered the broth and the water.  We got steak, shrimp & chicken - and I probably liked the steak the best.  The veggies and tofu noodles are all-you-can-eat (yay!), and the dipping sauces were great.  I had wine and sake, and my husband had a few beers - and our total check was $55!  WOW!  We will be back!
5	This place is a small and kinda hidden restaurant but very clean. But the food and service is great. Even though there is only one waitress. She always greets people and with a smile. Food is always fresh, and love how the vegetables, and rice is unlimited. I love this place because its never busy, so the food and service is quick. And the prices of food and drinks is very reasonable. This place is a great place to come by, if you want a quiet and simple dinner with a date or with family.
5	Easily the best shabu shabu restaurant in town.  Best meat quality and refills on rice and veggies.  The dipping sauces are excellent and perfectly compliment the food.  They also have the daily specials, ranging from food/bev discounts or cheap appetizers.They also offer wagyu shabu shabu if you're feeling luxurious. Location is not too convenient for most, but the quality, is well worth the trip.
4	Came in and took advantage of the the lunch special served weekdays until 3:00 pm.Shabu Shabu Paradise is located in a strip center where the area seemed comprised of mostly residential. Parking was easy to find and I was seated asap.I went with the half beef half scallop Shabu Shabu that included a drink beverage or beer.. I'm used to hot pot and this was my first experience with Japanese Shabu Shabu. The pot is filled with hot water not broth and proceeded to cook my veggies tofu, tofu noodles and make a broth with added soy sauce and combined several dipping sauces to make a tasty broth. Overall the Shabu Shabu was solid and included unlimited salad and steamed rice.The waitress who I found out later is the owner and the chef is her hubby. She was really sweet and said Shabu Shabu Paradise has been in business for six years.Its sure nice to support a small business like Shabu Shabu Paradise and was a nice lunch experience.
5	Amazing. Food is delicious, and they bring you as much noodles, vegetables, and tofu you can eat, no matter what you order.I liked the shabu shabu the best, but the sukiyaki was also good.Chicken and beef are really good.Dipping sauces are really really good.Waitress is so nice and helps you order if you need help figuring out the menu.Really affordable for vegetarians or whomever just gets the vegetables/tofu/mushrooms/noodle option.Good selection of mushrooms, too.Everyone I bring here loves it.
5	6 of us went on a Friday night at 8pm.  We were the only 6 people in there.  It's too bad the locations doesn't bring in enough people.  Our bill was $70 for my wife and myself.  The service was good and quick.  Combined we had beef, chicken, pork, shrimp and scallops.  They are really good about letting split up your choices of meats.  The also let us split our choices in mushrooms with 2 different ones while charging us just for 1 side.  Unlimited veggies, rice and noodles.  The are 3 different dipping sauces.  Alone they are great.  Even better when combined (sesame peanut mixed with the spicy was awesome).I don't write many reviews but felt compelled to because this place deserves a lot more business.  The restaurant was clean and I have nothing to complain about.  We also had a beer, green tea and ice cream in our $70 bill.This was also my first time trying Shabu Shabu style dining.  I strongly recommend giving this a try.  The way the dining experience is setup, it is a great place to socialize to have a fun date night out.Thanks.
4	Went here on yelp recommendations.  Overall, we really enjoyed our experience eating shabu-shabu for the first time. The ability to eat food just seconds after its having been cooked was truly special. We tried 3 of the 4 fresh Japanese mushrooms (yum!).  Scallops were also delicious.  The chicken and beef were our least favorite, but we're not big meat eaters.  We used two of the three dipping sauces.  Even if you think you can tolerate hot food, be careful with the third.  Well, I mixed a very small amount into the other two sauces and that was good.Consider calling first as this restaurant has limited seating.  Oddly, the waitress, although she did it very politely, seemed a little overzealous in discouraging walk-ins from waiting for tables to open.  We saw her discourage several sequential walk-in couples.  After the second left, it wasn't more than 5 minutes before a table was ready (and sadly, that table sat open for the rest of our time there).  Yikes, you're losing business needlessly!The price is not inexpensive, but seemed reasonable for the combination of food quality and unique experience.  You might feel surprisingly full after eating what doesn't look like that much food.  If you're not full, they offer seconds without charge on the main veggies & tofu.  We just didn't need them. If you figure some of the value in a nice meal is getting leftovers for lunch the next day, then consider this place a little more expensive than other restaurants where you pay the same as you won't likely be leaving with leftovers.Unlike another reviewer, however, shabu-shabu didn't seem like something we'd want to eat frequently, although we will probably visit again to try the sukiyaki option before long.
5	We accidentally found this place and had no idea what Shabu Shabu was,  Well we found out its delicious and the restaurant was wonderful.  It's now one of our favorite places to dine.
4	This is not your typical restaurant- it's better!  My boyfriend and I came here to try something new after reading the reviews.  We made reservations and when we arrived we were seated immediately.  We had our own private table which definitely made it romantic.  I ordered the Kobe beef and shrimp platter and my boyfriend ordered the Kobe beef and scallops.  Everything was fresh and the sauces were flavorful.  The prices were a little high so that is why I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5.  I would definitely return for a special occasion.
3	***3 STARS***Not to shabby for decent shabu shabu!I've had shabu shabu back to my home-home (SoCal) and although I may not be an expert, I do know that it isn't supposed to be THIS pricey! I was visiting my grandma and had bookmarked this place since it was only a couple blocks away from her neighborhood.[atmosphere]It may seem a bit dark inside due to the red walls and such, but the tables and environment is clean and well kept. It isn't quite as fancy nor hole-in-the-wall, it's somewhere in between mom-and-pop and neighborhood local spot.[devour]*Q-8 1/2 SHRIMP & 1/2 SCALLOP ($20, **3 STARS**) When you receive your order, you would think, "THAT'S IT?!?!?!" Lo and behold, your order also comes with unlimited veggies, 3 dipping sauces (sesame peanut, ponzu and spicy), and a bowl of white rice. After cooking your fresh shrimp and scallops in the seaweed broth (shabu shabu) alongside with the unlimited veggies, you're full and you didn't know it. If you wanted to add other additional stuff like ramen ($3) or shitake mushrooms ($2) or other items, it will cost an additional arm and a leg. I had always thought that stuff is a given and comes with your order..... I guess not!But was my dish worth $20? Probably not! I think it was worth $12-$14 at the most. And if you want prices like that, you would probably have to go here during their lunch hours. [imbibe]Green Tea was as expected - divine. Glad they didn't use fake stuff here! ($2)[service]Awesome! We were well taken care of by our lovely waitress. She was able to answer all the questions we had on the menu. She was very kind and considerate and couldn't have asked for more! (**4 STARS**)The flavors here were okay. I wouldn't say it was the best nor the worst. In addition, the prices were a bit steep for shabu shabu. I liked the fact that the food wasn't salty, but felt there needed some additional seasoning somewhere. If I were to come back here, I would try their sukiyaki instead of the shabu shabu. It may be a better choice. And if I were to also come back, it would be during lunch since the prices would be more reasonable.Yelp 2013 100 for 100 Challenge - Review #43
3	**GASP** 3 stars? I'm sure someone is clutching their pearls as they read this. I will preface this by saying I'm not a shabu expert, I don't like to cook, so why would I go to a restaurant and pay to cook my own food? Well funny you should ask that. This place has a pretty solid following and lots of positive reviews. My first experience here wasn't good, when we walked in around dinner time, the first thing we hear from the hostess is "Do you have a reservation" not in a pleasant voice but a rude, angry voice. We tell her no and she says "you will have to wait", okay, we understand. She seats us, and we are sitting apart, like face to face, I felt like I was at a business meeting, not dinner, she was so extremely rude, we felt uncomfortable and we ended up leaving. We let a couple months go by and decide to give it another try, this time with a reservation. Ordered the 1/2 Wagyu, 1/2 shrimp, 1/2 scallop and beef miso yaki for an app. I wasn't wowed by anything and I left starving, yes I know you get unlimited vegetables, I'm sorry but lettuce isn't doing the trick. We ended up going down the street to Valley Cheese and Wine to finish my dinner.
4	Had friends coming into town who wanted good sukiyaki. Shabu Shabu Paradise was recommended and they will substitute for shabu shabu. Spoke with owner on the phone (also waitress,) very nice to speak with. We decided to go for lunch since they are usually less busy. They have 24 seats and they were about half full when we arrived. First impression was small but clean. Seated promptly, ordered and they brought out our cooking pots to heat. Salad and and an endless string of sauces, utensils and things you would need for your meal. BTW the hot dipping sauce is exactly that...HOT. you dip your chopstick in it and it comes out shorter so use with caution.lunch gets one beer or soft drink/tea with refills included, they were generous with refills. They have ridiculously inexpensive lunch specials for a meal of this caliber. Main course came out, it was arranged nicely, offered additional rice and vegetables. Enjoyable meal which you cook yourself. fun to do with friends.we had shabu shabu (savory) and other couple had sukiyaki (sweet) we both liked broth seasoning and would like to return but will try other next time.Food - good, service - good, lunch price - insane, friendly - yes, atmosphere - good. easy four stars, we will be back.
3	I got the sukiyaki. It was a little too thin and watery. I prefer the thicker sukiyaki where I can crack a raw egg. I would not come back for the sukiyaki. I ordered the queen size. I should have gotten a bigger portion. I was still hungry after. The meat was really thin too and no marbling. There was unlimited veggies and free ice cream but it wasn't enough to convince me to come back. I prefer Swish over this place.
4	Just walked in for lunch one day not knowing anything about Shabu. A very cool experience, will definitely have to try again with some friends for dinner.
4	My family are fans!  Authentic taste and great service. We made reservations and glad we did (3-4 four person tables and 1 long table for a party of up to 12 people or if the other 3 standard tables are full).
3	Good service and quality food, only problem was there's so little of it. Two of us ordered the scallops and a half beef/half shrimp plate with the shabu shabu. The sauces were tasty (FYI one drop of the hot sauce and your mouth will be burning), the sides were plentiful (they give you extras free of charge), and the garlic mussel appetizer was more than we expected and served as a tasty starter. However after all this, we felt like we only ate half a dinner. The beef is so thin and the scallops are cut so small it's deceiving, so theoretically you could order more seafood/meat and end up satisfied but you'd also end up spending another $20 per person.
5	Easily the best shabu-shabu restaurant in Las Vegas.  Location is not convenient (unless you live in Green Valley Ranch or MacDonald Ranch, but it is well worth the drive.  They also offer wagyu shabu-shabu but I have not tried yet.  Their meat quality is very good, even on their standard beef order.  Very tender and enough marbling to be very tasty. Free refills on veggies is a huge plus.  I love their spicy dipping sauce... it's addicting.  They also serve Kawaba beer, which is delicious and is a rarity on restaurant beer menus.
3	On the door it says," Voted the best Shabu Shabu in Vegas."  By FUCKING Who?  This is not a criticism of the food, it was mediocre but a criticism of the locationally challenged people who voted.  Because according to them, "the best shabu-shabu in Vegas" is apparently in Henderson.Really, buy a GD map! Now onto the restaurant review.  There was one waitress and she was very attentive.  She also kept explaining everything to us.  We tried to drop hints letting her know that shabu shabu was one of our favorite cuisines, but they went right over her head.  So if you are a newb to shabu shabu try here and the waitress will explain to you everything that is going on.We chose the half seawood half sukiyaki bowl.  The waitress again asked us if we would be careful ok with dipping into each others sauces.  i was just about to tell the waitress what I had dipped into before we left the hotel room, but the my girl gave me the, "Do not say anything inappropriate look!", so I refrained.But just for you fellow yelpers,  I dipped my meat into her sauce, if you know what I mean.  Wink wink.  Nudge Nudge!
5	Shabu Shabu is one of my favorites. And I really do enjoy this specific location. The food is always fresh. The service is always amazing.  The restaurant is very cared for and clean. This is a great place to catch up with friends & have conversation over a nice, quiet meal. I've tried almost everything on the King menu... and find this to be a good amount of food for me. The veggies are bottomless... and are always fresh & delicious.  I also like to split the pot into both sukiyaki and shabu shabu to mix things up.  If you enjoy sauces, give the dipping sauces a try, but I don't find them to be necessary. The restaurant itself is quite small. I prefer to go when it's not too crowded because it can become a bit loud quite quickly. But most of the time, it's quiet and romantic.
4	Shabu Shabu is new to me & I'm a fan. This place is great - very clean and authentic. The service is impeccable. Monday nights have great specials on beer, sake and kobe beef. Try the plum sake too!
5	This was my first time doing the hot pot thing and this place is awesome. Great service, really fresh food, good prices. The scallops are sushi grade, which is awesome because you can just barely cook them...yum. We were here for lunch and got so much high-quality, yummy food for $11 a person. Free refills on salad and veggies. Ask for extra peanut sauce, it is so good. I can't wait to come back here next time we are in Vegas.
4	My favorite Shabu Shabu restaurant of the entire southwest. I try to come here every time I'm in town.Who I'd take here: A date. Friends that wanted to splurge. Not kids who might injure themselves with the heater and also might be finicky eaters.Comparable to: Shabu Shabu. Yelp has this listed as fondue, which is a good comparison but is not the same thing.Food Quality: 4They offer high quality beef (waygu), pork and chicken. For those unfamiliar with Shabu Shabu, your table has a hot-pot and you cook your own food in a stew-ish style. Swish your thinly cut meat around a few times in the stew and its done. This is a fun experience if you've never tried it before. I always get the pickles here and am never disappointed with anything I order. They sometimes have seasonal items, such as sashimi-grade oysters, when I was there mid-August 2013. There are also a few Japanese craft brews for the beer snobs. This only serious negative for this place is that it's expensive. A plate of waygu will cost around $40 dollars. Despite this you will leave full whatever you order: you get free refills on salad, and veggies and tofu for your stew.+1 pleased with everything I order here. +1 unique beers. -1 extravagantly expensive.Service Quality: 5The service here is superb and the waitress is friendly. Lately this place has been full so you should always phone ahead for a reservation. Note that this place is small so it will be difficult to take a large party here.+ great service. +1 friendly service.Location, Cleanliness and Ambiance: 4This place is in a kind of remote area suburban area with no other attractions.-1 remote area.How I rate: I have 3 categories, and each category starts at 3 points. For each item where I am impressed, they get 1 point; disappointed, lose one point.Overall rating: round(average(ratings)) = round(4.3) = 4
1	I'd rather cook my next meal in bath water. This place is horrible. The service is bad. the wait staff do not speak English and are insanely rude. I'm Italian and can cook better than anyone in this pathetic restaurant, yet this nasty woman insisted on repeating how to use their stupid shabu pots. The "broth" tasted terrible. For those that haven't experience the Shabu style of cooking, it's basically like fondue-- only Asian. There's burners on the table and you cook everything yourself. one of the many issues with this place was that the burner controls are strategically placed so that you'll either bash your legs and knees on it every time you move. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. There are far to many restaurants to go in Vegas, bad service and bad food is not tolerated! I couldn't get out of this place fast enough....
5	This place is great. I had the sukiyaki and it was not too salty and fairly sweet. I enjoyed it. I got half beef and half pork. The pork was a lot more tender and flavorful than I would have guessed. the beef was also tasty but a bit leaner than I had hoped. One of the things you should definitely request are garlic (they don't let you put it in the soup because sometimes other guests complain, but it's really good to dip with!). They also give you unlimited veggie refills (complimentary!) and a free ice cream dessert! Awesome :) Also, we got a Monday night special for 15% off your entree with a $2 beverage order. Glad to have some good Asian food around here!
3	I'm not really a huge fan of Shabu Shabu because I'm much more used to the concept of hot pot with a soup base rather than ... well, water. There is a sukiyaki option but I'm not a huge fan of sukiyaki either! Ah yes, you get two options for your shabu shabu. You either get plain hot water or sukiyaki base...The reason I came here was because my parents wanted to try this place out. My mom saw kobe beef (or something similar) on the menu and decided that we absolutely MUST try this place out.First, the area/plaza that the restaurant is at is quite .. dark. We debated whether or not we wanted to even go in cause the restaurant was fairly small as well. It sits maybe 20ish people. It had about 3-4 four tops and a long table in the middle of the room. In the end, of course we went in. But the place seemed very quaint. Wasn't noisy and very nicely decorated. Throughout the whole night, there was only ONE server working so service is fairly slow when there was about 4 parties. However, she did her best and she did not seem like a headless chicken. She didn't seem rushed nor was she uncaring. When she wasn't as busy, she'd always check up on our table to see if we needed anything. There is a fairly thick Japanese accent to her English but she can speak English well enough. The menu had a good variety of combinations and options from you to choose from. They had Jack, Queen, and King categories on the menu. Jack being the smallest serving and King being the most. They had single meat, meat combos, and mean with shrimp/scallop combos. Every combo came with salad, platter of assorted veggies, and unlimited rice. You get three different sauces as well to dip your food in: ponzu, seasame/peanut butter, and a spicy sauce. I actually would've liked it a lot if they gave me soy sauce with that as well seeing as the only sauce I liked was the spicy one. However, if you ask, they will give! We eventually asked for regular soy sauce. I ended up getting the Kobe platter. Their beef was pretty good but the texture/taste seemed kinda funny. My parents said that the beef was really good and had good "beef flavor" but it seemed a bit weird to me. Maybe it's because we cooked it in plain water instead of a soup base like I'm used to. Who knows. Oh $1 edamame on Saturdays. And +1 free dessert: scoop of vanilla ice cream with a sauce. You get to choose strawberry, chocolate, or caramel. I'm not sure if that was only for the day I went or if it's a daily thing.IN THE END ... I probably won't go back. Not my cup of tea. If you like a little bit of flavor to your food, then I wouldn't really suggest it. Shabu shabu had always been quite bland to me but the quality of their ingredients is good.
4	This is a very small place in a strip mall. So, call ahead before coming here as you might have to wait a long time.  We got lucky they weren't too busy when we went here for lunch on a Saturday.Unlimited veggies and tofu. Sauce trio: spicy, peanut and ponzu. Great quality meats.  They have Kobe wagyu beef, shrimp, chicken, scallop, pork, crab stick, etc. You can either do shabu-shabu or sukiyaki. They have lunch specials Monday-Friday noon to 3pm from $10-32 depending on the meat you get. You cook your own food - that's the object of shabu shabu! So please don't be a noob and get pissed off when you're given a pot of water, veggies and meat and they expect you to cook.You can get appetizers and dessert.  I tried their vanilla ice cream with green tea powder and peach - nothing crazy.
3	ehhhh they're food is ok. the scallops were the only things I really enjoyed. everything else I feel I could do at home at a much cheaper price.
4	High quality cuts of meat,the sesame duping sauce is on point, my only issue with this place is the size, so I give it four star for that reason, otherwise this place is flawless
5	AMAZING shabu shabu. The best part - unlimited veggies. There's also free refills on salad, rice, and sauces. The sesame peanut sauce was extra delicious. There's even free ice cream at the end!
5	My easy go to lunch spot! Tastes great and seems healthy... However, I always eat way too much. Service is wonderful bc Junco (sorry if I spelled it wrong) is very sweet and always checking on you. Even when it's slammed she is very attentive. The prices are on target with what you get. The sauces are yummy. I've been to others and this is the best in Vegas!  I was tempted not to review bc it's so small and I would hate to see it get too busy, but they really deserve it!
5	First and foremost that reviewer saying the waitress doesn't speak English and was rude doesn't know what they are talking about. The service here is great and the waitress is very friendly and tries to be helpful especially to those who aren't familiar with shabu shabu. The downside is that the place is on the small side and it may be a teeny bit more expensive during dinner (so go during lunch). Overall, if you want to try a healthy and different kind of meal give shabu shabu a try.
5	Great food. It's my first time trying kobebeef. I compared it with regular beef. Both were great. I look forward to trying more. Tofu noodle was very tasty. I love sukiyaki without any sauces.
4	The meat and seafood were high quality.  Really love the unlimited veggies that comes with an order.  The tofu noodle was fantastic, I forgot how many additional serving of veggie I asked for.  It's one of the better shabu shabu place I have had in US.The place is small though, if the tables are all taken expect a long wait.
5	Although this place is technically in Henderson and not Las Vegas-proper, I'm going to say it------ I think Vegas does beat SF in all forms of Japanese food. It was hard for me to find a quality Shabu place in Vegas that even matched what I was used to in the Bay Area, but Shabu Shabu Paraside has blown everything out of the water for me!This place isn't huge by any means, so reservations are a must. At first I thought we were lost, since we ended up at a strip mall where nothing else looked occupied. Luckily, the Best of Las Vegas sign confirmed we were in the right place. I never have been able to finish my plates of meat at any shabu shabu place, but I finished the Jack-sized portion here because it was simply delicious and mouth-watering. The veggies are fresh and AYCE. The one con I would say is mushrooms don't come with it, but they can be ordered as a side for $3 (and you get your choice of two different kinds). Their ponzu sauce has a very bright flavor, their sesame sauce tastes like the best aspects of Kare Kare sauce (Filipino dish with a peanut sauce base), and their spicy sauce was unfortunately too spicy for me, but I'm sure does the trick for those requiring that kick of heat. They have an array of ice cream options for dessert and they gave me a great idea of a dish to do at home - vanilla ice cream with matcha green tea powder on top. Service here never left us wanting, even when it got super busy. One server was juggling everyone effortlessly and never missed a beat. I will definitely be making the trip out to Henderson to enjoy this place again!.. Honestly, as soon as we left, I was already eager to go back.
5	Great spot!
5	Excellent food, great service.  The place is very small, so plan ahead.
5	Intimate ambiance. Authentic Japanese style dining with quality ingredients. All seafood is sushi grade. Unlimited cabbage, carrots, snap peas, tofu and tofu noodles with your meal. Generous protein servings. Excellent selection of Japanese brews. Overall excellent experience. Reservations recommended.
1	I am really surprised that the reviews are so great for this place.  I was VERY disappointed with the food.  The veggies were good, but the meat (chicken & steak) on the hot pot were really disgusting.  I am still not sure that what I was eating was actually beef, it had a flavor that just didn't resemble anything I had ever tasted and smelled awful.  I am really not a picky eater, but the food at this place was horrible.  As for the atmosphere, it was nice & intimate.  The waitress was kind and her service was fine.  We went in for lunch at prime time and there was only one older couple dining, I think this may be a reflection of their poor business.
4	visited the place on a Sunday for dinner.I'll say ahead of time that you will want to make a reservation if you don't want to wait as this place seats very small amounts of people.Soup choice of Shabu Shabu or Sukiyaki (water or Dashi soup & egg)good selection of meats, fish, and vegetables with easy to understand portions (jack, queen, King, and Ace).Between the two of us, we ordered a Jack and Queen and was filled up by the end.(The all you can order rice and vegetable pack was a saving grace to this place b/c without it, we would've still been hungry after our two entree orders.)The quality of the ingredients were great but there was something missing that made you feel like the shabu shabu was "bland." Overrall experience was good but gave it a 4 instead of a 5 for the lack of "omg" factor in the presentation.if we are craving Shabu shabu in the future, we will most likely stop by here again.
4	I must say I have had plenty of shabu places before but this one takes the cake! Very reasonable great daily specials and the taste of everything was perfect- very clean and had a great atmosphere to enjoy a nice dinner-the middle table is good for big groups if that's something your looking for
3	Kinda expensive but pretty good.
5	My friend and I went here on a whim to fulfil our shabu shabu craving. The decor made this place feel as though I was in a real Japanese restaurant; close seating and very small. The  service was  really good, checking up on us regularly. The food was amazing. Everything looked very fresh from the vegetables to the meat and seafood.  This place is definitely a great place. If you want shabu shabu with an authentic feel you really have to try this place out.
4	Everything was on point!  Service, food and cleanliness....perfect!  Vegetarian friendly!
4	Four star for the quality of the food. Service a one star except the promptness . I think the evening waitress  has too big of a job and it makes it tough for her to be nice.
4	Just as good as Shabu Shabu found in Japan.
4	This place is great as far as Sahbu Shabu goes. I'm not entirely certain how many Shabu places are in Las Vegas, but if you are a native to Henderson, it's a dangerous place to live by. And by dangerous, I mean delicious. The restaurant itself is hidden in a business complex and the first time I went there, I had to drive around a bit to find it, but it's not TO bad. The establishment is small and very intimate. The decorations are what you'd expect from a Japanese restaurant. I feel happy when I walk into the door. Whenever I go there, there are usually not a lot of people, which can be fairly nice.The service is great. If you have never been there before, the waitress tells you the process of how Shabu Shabu works and how to correctly use the pot that is sitting in front of you. She/he will also explain the items on the menu and differences. There isn't one thing on the menu that I have tried and didn't like. The food: YAY THE GOOD PART! Besides for the fact that it's delicious, they offer two types of shabu to dip your food in. Miso and Sukiyaki. If you choose Miso, you are also presented with 3-4 different sauces to dip your meat and veggies in. I'm a fan of their Sukiyaki myself, as it gives the meat and veggies you cook a great flavor. The only downside is that no sauces come with the Sukiyaki choice. Oh well, there are worst things in the world. The meat is great. Not much more can be said about that. They also have a boat load of sides that you can get, including rice, various mushrooms, etc. They cost extra, but you know, when you are real hungry and craving a certain food, why not? The only downside to the place is that it's a little pricey depending on what you get, but it's great for a date or special occasion. They also have lunch specials during the week from 12 p.m. to 3 p.m. so you can eat there cheaper. Yay!All and all. I love this place. My husband and I go here for special occasions and have always felt welcome. Add great food and it's an amazing combination. I think everybody should try it at least once. You have no excuse to not visit this place if you live in Henderson, so do it. Do it now!
5	Oishii!! I've tried numerous shabu shabu restaurants and this is by far the best. Excellent service and the food is fabulous.
5	Really impressed with this place. Quality and delicious meats and veggies, reasonable prices, quiet ambience and terrific service. You can pair your meal with unlimited salad, rice, veggies, and noodles. The ponzu dipping sauce is great. They even top off the meal with ice cream. A super find!! It's so close to our house! Yay!
3	Writing 3-stars as "OK" simply because the Kobe beef was delicious.  The server seemed to be offended that she had to explain the process to us as we had never dined Shabu style before.  To top it off my fiancee had the scallops which did not smell very fresh, and she ultimately came home and got very ill.  If you go, go for the Kobe beef!
1	7/17 630pm  Dinner - Party of 3 - How in the world did this get to a 4 star plus resturant? So we order ACE 22 comes with seafood and beef.  I'm thinking this is going to be FANTASTIC because the reviews are FANTASTIC?  OH NO!... We should have bought a chicken at Costco and boiled it . Would have been much than wasting our night  here. Water to cook with had some greenish gray chips in it? If that is seasoning its not doing it. The waitress yelled at us when we put a little sauce in the boiling water. She said dont do that some customers dont like the smell. Im thinking is it time to walk out. Lets regroup here. I have been to about 50 plus shabu shabu places in the US and ASIA. I have never had to check my seasoning talents. The scallops chopped into tiny pieces WOW did I miss the TAPAS menu? The Red napkins are like sand paper watch your mouth aka lips.  The crazy thing is my 2yr old son would not eat any of the shabu and he eats everything.  Maybe it was the huge fashion star high chair he was sitting in and didnt want to eat?  But wait theres more the free ice cream comes with a powder you have to mix together... interesting! We will never go back for the $55.00 substandard soup treatment !  We make it much better at home with all the natural organic smell... I approve this message J K KOOL..
2	I have been here many times but the place seamed different this time.  The veggi portions were tiny.  The meat seemed tough and the waitres was less than accomedating.  I think I will have to find a new place in town......what a shame.
2	Read up on Shabu if you aren't familiar with it. It helps to have an idea. Went here for my birthday. My friends thought we would try something different. It was nice to change it up. I'm not an expert so I can't honestly say how this place compares to other shabu restaurants. I can only say that it isn't a place that I would frequent. The service was excellent. I'm just not a fan of shabu, but the overall experience was a good one for my birthday.
5	Tried this place and all I can say is, it is awesome!  Our server was the nicest, most helpful, since it was our first time.  Unlimited rice, veggies and salad!  Love their green tea ice cream.  Come on Monday nights, 15% off an entree. Choice of sukiyaki or shabu shabu, loved the dipping sauces that came with the shabu shabu.  Nice place to just enjoy the food and ambience! You can't come here and rush! Just saying!
5	Wow! What a find In the middle of a desert!!!Authentic, Japanese Shabu Shabu!!!Perfectly presented, seasoned & served. Cooked right on our table the way it should be. We enjoyed the Kurobuta pork,shrimp & vegetarian dinners and were blown away by the delicious flavors!Grew up enjoying this special treat and also enjoyed this dish in Tokyo.This restaurant has all the elements perfect, and we were so amazed that we were in the suburbs of LV.I'm from LA, and I've eaten Shabu Shabu many times in other restaurants but none can match the quality of the meats, seafood & vegetables. The dipping sauces were perfectly seasoned and everything was SO fresh and flavorful.In addition to the excellent food, the service was exceptional and exceeded are expectations. Very nice! For a taste of Tokyo in Henderson, go to Shabu Shabu Paradise...We ate to our hearts content, and now counting the days till we return!!!
3	Interesting place. Only three kinds of sauce to use which was ponzu,spicy ponzu and peanut sauce. Most shabu places I go to lets you make your own sauces. Kinda pricey but things were fresh. Wouldve gave is a four star but they need to step up with the sauce.
5	Love this place! Its small, food is so so yummy. Make a rwservation or go early.  Very clean and service great. My favorite is the beef sukiyaki.
5	Absolutely amazing awesome healthy and delicious food!  The steak and mushrooms are incredible!  Phenomenal Oregon pinot noir wine!  I crave this place daily, hard to find healthy and delicious combined!
3	Great local place for Japanese Hot pot. Food fresh, good service. I hope they stay in business, dark parking lot , empty shopping center.
4	Great place!  I had the beef sukiyaki. I think the sukiyaki broth was better than the water broth. BTW... You can get the dipping sauces at no extra charge anyway. They are super generous with all you can eat veggies, tofu, noodles and salad. We will definitely be back.
5	Yes, finally found a solid shabu shabu! This is the kind of place we appreciated in San Francisco bay area.They offer unlimited vegetables, tofu and rice. Protein options include beef, kobe beef, pork, chicken, shrimps and scallops - and we can do 1/2 + 1/2 with any combinations, or 1 + 1/2. Also comes with three dipping sauce, including very spicy one.It's the shabu shabu done right. Just in time for the cold winter. :)
4	This place is almost never busy.  The food is delicious and the service is outstanding.  It is worth the money.  Spread the word around....this restaurant has been around for a while!!!!  Definitely worth the money.
