5	JC, and CJ, both bartenders........ have always been so friendly immediately after you enter their bar. Very knowledgeable with their menu items, prices, and the overall history of this new establishment. The owners even came out to introduce themselves and extended such a genuine welcoming, almost as if we were apart of their family... and that definitely ensured  my return to such a great new hangout. Though they do have a gaming bar, there was an area secluded away from the bar, so it could cater to families and non-drinkers.... EITHER WAY, their food is INCREDIBLE, AUTHENTIC, AND DEFINITELY PREPARED FRESH!!! one of my recommendations, SPINACH/GOAT CHEESE PIZZA... as well as their steak with the herb butter.... Since they have opened, its pretty much guaranteed that I pay JC a visit at least once or twice per week........... DEFINITELY WAY BETTER THAN ANY GAMING BAR IN THE LAS VEGAS AREA, and perfect for those who are getting off from work during late night hours. KUDOS TO THE REPETE STAFF, I know success is in their very near future!
5	After a nice Saturday morning workout, I decided to meet my buddy for breakfast.  My buddy loves the beer, ladies, and the gambling, so it was NO surprise that he suggested this place for a quick bite.  I quickly yelped the place, saw it was a "bar." but received great reviews, and decided I'd tweak the menu to make my meal somewhat healthy.  I arrived before my friend and sat at the bar as I know his crazy ass will probably stick a "hundo" in the machine as we chit chat and catch up.  As soon as I sit down, the owner, Pete (of course that's his name) comes over and says he is so happy to see a pretty young woman at his bar, I've made his day and to enjoy the food.  Pete is the nicest, sweetest, man ever.  He's completely renovated the place (used to be a shit hole, my friend's exact words). REBEL gear everywhere!  Anyway, my buddy orders the $5 ham and eggs and I grab the veggie omelet.  Food is fantastic!  Even the coffee was good, so that tells you a lot about a place.  It really was a great meal and service was fast and friendly. My friend hangs out here all the time and raved about RePete's wings, burgers, and beef tips too. After a great meal and hysterical conversation, Pete comes back, asks how our food was. He's so excited now because my friend and I have come in and now 3 young guys (after a round of golf) come in to grub as well. I promise him to tell all you yelpers and facebookers about his place.  I'll definitely be setting up a HH here for my friends very soon!!  Its the perfect place to catch a  football game (GO COWBOYS!!). Come say hello to Pete and support a local business!!
5	Las Vegas' best kept secret...wait...why i am i even telling you?  Just go.  Go enjoy the great beer on tap, the awesome food, and the excellent service.  But you didn't hear it from me.  Get the turkey dinner, its like thanksgiving, but better!
4	If you haven't stopped into this joint yet, you have to give it a shot. It used to be Screwballs, which was a ratty dive, but the new owner has completely renovated the property. It now has a small restaurant seating area, large open bar area with table seating as well and TV's everywhere. The menu is very nice and while I haven't tried a lot of their items, they have a good selection of food, they have awesome burgers! Their Sausage over Penne Pasta was also great.  The staff there is also very friendly and they're open 24 hrs. .
4	Stopped in here for a couple drinks with a girlfriend after taking a trapeze class with Trapeze Las Vegas down the street (highly recommended, BTW). This is a solid little bar with super friendly service and a decent drink selection. I had a Deschutes on tap and a $4 mimosa afterward (during-football special). We split 2 sliders and homemade chips for $5. The sliders were juicy and the chips were awesomely thin & crunchy! There were a bunch of Penn State fans in there watching football, and they seemed happy. No bar games like pool, darts, or shuffleboard, and no jukebox that I can see, so one star off for that, but other than that, you should have a nice time if you visit for drinks, during or not during a game!
4	Great location! Very nice staff. Chill place to watch your college football... and don't forget to eat some of their Pete's Sliders (which includes their homemade potato chips) and drink a Naked Freixenet Mimosa! Only things missing are a juke box and a pool table (or 2).
4	We ended up here quite by accident after our first couple of choices were closed for Thanksgiving. We lucked out because this place is a really cool place to hang and enjoy a cold one or two and watch a game. The place was mostly empty because it was a holiday, but apparently they ordinarily do a pretty good business. We only drank and did not eat, but the beers tasted super fresh. The service was very friendly and before we were in an extended conversation. The main drawback is that it located a ways from the action on the strip, but if you feel like regaining your sanity and getting off the strip, I would recommend heading here.
5	Looks like a roadside bar from the outside...and that's what it is!  Stopped by here  on the way to the rental car station on S. Las Vegas Blvd.  Gotta say that the breakfast was solid. And what a bargain. Excellent, friendly service from Linda behind the bar.   Great corned beef hash with well-prepared eggs and hash browns.    I love diner food after a night on the town, but this place was NOT diner greasy.  Sure it's not Bouchon, but if u want a traditional American breakfast, you can't go wrong with this place!
5	Had our company Holiday Party and the food and service was outstanding!!!!  This is going to be a favorite spot.
5	I have been eating at some of the best and some of the worst restaurants for as long as I can remember (some 44 years).  Sometimes you get jaded and don't believe you will ever find a true gem anymore.  There is always some knockdown. Either it is too pricey, too pretentious or they simply don't know how to cook.  Rare is it you find a place where the food is great and they make you feel at home.So, ignore the fact that this has a large bar and gambling area.  What place in Vegas doesn't.   From the moment I arrived, thanks mainly to the many positive reviews here on yelp, I felt the love.  Pete, the owner, greated me at the door, and ushered me into the dining area, sealed off so the smoke can't get in.  There was a graduation party going on in the same room and the owner assured me they were a quiet group but to let him know if there was a problem.  There wasn't.Our waitress was immediately over to our table to provide menus.  My daughter was hungry but my wife wasn't there yet and the waitress took her order and was happy to alter the menu to fit her tastes.  ASIDE - if your gps is out of date you might end up near Green Valley for some reason.  This restaurant is right by the 15 and Las Vegas Blvd near Tahiti Village.Our waitress (why didn't I ever get her name) was friendly, fun, and made us feel very welcome, even during the delay waiting for my wife.  When my wife finally arrived after her adventure in Henderson, we selected some menu items with plenty of help from the waitress who guided us in the right direction.When my wife ordered a drink that was not what she thought it would be (chocolate cake martini) the bartender came out, got a better idea of what she was looking for and brought her a well prepared chocolate martini.  I tried the Pineapple Cake which was excellent and the blueberry martini which was also good.For food we ordered a house salad side portion, a shrimp cocktail, greek meatball appetizer, surf and turf and pork chops.The salad was excellent.  The dressing was fabulous and I don't usually like dressing.  The meatballs were superb with a hint of mint in the sauce.  Four large greek style meatballs and a handful of fries could have been a meal for some.  My steak was cooked perfectly, something I am very worried about when I am in a place that doesn't specialize in steak.  The shrimp cocktail was all about the shrimp with large fresh tasting shrimp and a bowl of cocktail sauce.  (I hate the places that waste greens no one eats for the purpose of hiding the smallish shrimps they try to pass off as edible so this place gets 5 stars for the shrimp cocktail).  The surf and turrf came with shrimp scampi (I am not normally a scampi fan) with just the right amount of butter and garlic to please the palate.  The mashed potatos are every bit as good as the waitress advertised.  My wife's pork tasted fantastic and she is looking forward to having it for lunch today as well.  The portions are reasonable.  They aren't so huge that you will have dozens of leftovers but rather they are the right size so you don't go hungry and might even have a treat left over for the next day.   As for prices, you couldn't ask for more reasonable prices in this economy.  My surf and turf was 17.95 and that was the most expensive thing on the menu.  The martinis were a reasonable $7.00 each compared to as much as 14 in most of the restaurants on the strip.We got a present of greek cookies from Pete who came out and shook our hands and shared his story of his former restaurant in Boulder City called Pete's.  Hence the name RePete's.   I know I have mentioned it several times already but the service here, especially our waitress really was excellent.  She handled every question and request with a smile, a detailed explanation and really made us feel at home.  It was a pleasure meeting Pete and I hope he sits down with us next time we come to share more stories.  We will be back soon and often.
3	Ummmmm ok so indifferent bartender. .. ok... I can deal with that but I won't be back. We just stopped in and we were 2 of 4 people total in the place. We were treated like we were not welcome.
4	Came here on a recommendation that the food was awesome here. The beer on tap was just a plus. I got a burger and a beer here. Food was good. Beer was okay. But the thing that had got me was the service. Maybe it was the time that I came in and don't get me wrong, the people working were definitely friendly but just not around when we needed something.  It was fairly busy around the bar but empty in the table area and people gradually left when eventually no one was in the bar. But  no one really came around to fill up our water or get another beer and whenever I tried waving someone down they would be to busy rushing back and forth between an area. Probably just a fluke but I do give it 4 stars and  I do recommend trying it.
4	I ate hear the other day.  My fiance and I wanted to try it out for fun and it was actually really good.  I had the Cubano sandwich which was very tasty and the fries seamed to be freshly cut.  I will be going back.
4	Surprisingly good!  Totally not the bar food or IHOP style breakfast I was bracing myself for.  I had the breakfast burrito and it was hearty & flavorful.  My husband got the hash and it was completely delicious!  If you're looking for a good place that's reasonably priced to watch a game, or an alternative to a crappy Denny's or IHOP - definitely check out RePete's.
3	Food was good and cheap during happy hour, but I think I got ripped off on my wine.  I'll have to ask next timeexactly what I'm paying for.Too bad happy hour ends at 6, or I would go there more often.  EXTEND IT TO 7pm PLEASE - you'll get more customers!AND -  their "marketing guy" George needs to be fired.  I asked him to call me so I could set something up for a football gathering, and he never called me.  My friend has also been calling to set up a Super Bowl Sunday get-together, and he can't get George to call him back either,  Lot's of money being lost!!!
5	So easy to get to service is the best and can't beat the happy hour .
5	I threw a little work party here for some staff last night during happy hour from 4pm-6pm.  I had called on Wednesday and let them know there would be about 20 of us, and then I called yesterday around 2pm to put in an order of appetizers.  They were super accomodating and the service was great.  Both our server and the bartender came over to check on us constantly so that no one was ever wanting for a drink.  Our food came out right on time.Chicken wings: They are crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside.  They are also not drenched in buffalo sauce like some other places.  Pizza: The pizza was good but I might have waited too long before eating a piece because the crust was super soft, which I did not particularly enjoy.  Chicken tacos and quesadillas:  YUM to both!  Both were super simple and not much frill to them, and yet they were both so good and flavorful.  They served sour cream and salsa on the side and the salsa is delicious.It was really dead when we got there at 4pm, but by 6pm the bar got a little busy.  The crowd seems to be a mix of younger and older people, but every one was really nice and didn't mind that our group was so loud during the passing out of awards.  We had such a great time and RePete's is really just a great place to hang out.  The best part of it all is that for 20 people with all the appetizers and open bar on beer, wine and lemon drop martinis, the total was only $370.  They didn't even auto-grat us!  We were super happy with our experience and will continue having staff parties there.
5	First visit yesterday, had breakfast which was awesome.  The waitress, Elicia was terrific, friendly and offered great suggestions for our meal.  Looking forward to going back and trying dinner.
1	This place opened years ago under a different name and owners.  It was pretty much a "working man's" bar - Decent food with reasonable prices, attentive staff and a good time was had by everybody  When the new owners took over, it appears as  though they no longer wanted to be associated with the former clientele.  The remodeling was done in a very tasteful manner, but as the prices went up, the quality and quantity of the food went down - right along with the general attitudes of the hired help.  You would think that this bar was located somewhere on the Center Strip and didn't worry about *repete* business.   It seems that unless you are a big tipping regular, - or a well-endowed lady - you can pretty much expect to be ignored.  About a dozen co-workers (on Friday nights, there might be 30 or 40 of us) and myself used to visit the "old" bar on a regular basis, but after being both ignored and price-gouged one too many times, none of us have been back for months.
3	a centrally located lunch spot or try happy hour after work...not a bad place to watch a football game either...http://www.lvrj.com/taste/gather-eat-repete-s-bar-offers-fun-atmosphere-and-fare-174538021.html
4	This place is a pretty great restaurant disguised as a bar!  The amount of food you get is out of control! I went there with 4 others for dinner and each of us brought home leftovers.  My husband and God-mother had the chicken cordon bleu with red skinned whipped potatoes and this thing made all our jaws drop when the plates were brought  - huge!  It was 2 chicken breasts flattened slightly with a light breading on them with one on top of the other. In between was thin ham slices and Swiss cheese, all covered with some amazing looking sauce.  It wasn't rolled up like you usually find cordon bleu, it's their own spin on, and both of them loved it but took half of it home.  My God-pop had beef tips, with the same whipped potatoes and said they were good, my sister had one of the specials, chicken and sausage with bean stew and there was a lot of it, really thick, and she loved it too. Me I had the cod florentine, which was a couple good planks of great cod with some spinach in a lemony wine sauce, awesome!  The prices are such that one came come here and not feel robbed like a lot places are doing nowadays.  My cod dinner with whipped potatoes and veggies was $13.50, it would have easily been $5 more at least, elsewhere and I probably wouldn't have gotten due to that...perfect price and great food...we will be back!
5	They have Devastator beer on tap!  ohhhhh yea!   And the fish sandwich is off the chain!  This is my first time here, but my husband has been here a couple of times.   I got the nachos, because I love nachos. There's need a little kick, like some jalapenos!  Chips were fresh, it just missed the extra kick!   Now the fish sandwich.....OMG  was amazing!  Ohhhh I will be back!  It was on a ciabatta bun!  and it had coleslaw and cheese, with the tarter sauce on the side!  oohhhhhhhh, and the fried zucchini  was really good!  With a yelp check in you get 15% off.  The barternders were very attentive.   I like this place!
4	I went to this bar a few months back.  Giving the ever cumbersome bar closures that are happening monthly in this town, here come s newly remodeled bar in an already existing location with a different name.       Completely revamped inside and out.  It's nice and clean and a decent size of everything you want.  The food is good and i'm not sure on prices but they may seem to be a bit high, but hey, the food is good and from what I can tell is mainly fresh.  Fresh, cheap ingredients=great food.  Just remember the overhead of the business and such.       I have yet to have a bad experience and or meal in this place.  I think I've found my new bar.  Thus driving past the other 5 that have food and beverage and gaming, so.... it begs the question?  What are they doing right and all the other doing wrong as for me going there to spend my hard earned money? :)
4	Yesterday I had some friends in town that were leaving on an early flight so I figured we get breakfast @5:30am. Well not being able to get into Whinchell's because the door was locked and they did answer the buzzer, we went up the road to Re-Pete's.The bartender makes a pretty good bloody Mary and the  breakfast was surprisingly good. Since I work in the area I will now go to Re-Pete's instead of Whinchell's.
5	A few weeks ago my husband and I went over to Vegas to celebrate his Birthday.  We spent the night and the next morning we wanted to go out to breakfast.  It was a Sunday morning and we were sure all the restaurants would be packed and there would be long waits.  We decided to go ahead and stop at the Ihop on the way home.  That place was packed!!  So for some reason I turned onto Warm Springs and right away I saw a sign that said Bacon and Eggs, 6.50.  We went in and it was RePetes.  I'd never been there. And there wasn't a wait.  The breakfast was really, really good.  The service was excellent..  We sat in the bar so my husband could watch sports.  We went back again today and same thing.  The food was good and I especially like the fresh home fries!!  We will make it our go to for breakfast whenever in town.  Haven't tried dinner or lunch yet but I am sure we will, after reading some of the reviews.
4	Service was awesome. Food was great, great specials.
4	Jc and Jan are THE best bartenders in the world!!!!!!!!
5	Awesome Food & Great Service!! House Special Beef Tips made with Filet Mignon & Cajun Bleu Burger were both outstanding!
2	staff was very enthusiastic, but the food was highly overrated. nachos with pulled pork had no taste, pasta dish was mediocre, eggs was good. i would not go back even for happy hour deals.
5	Good food.  Good service.  Great atmosphere.   Lots of TVs.   Nice place away from the main strip.
4	An all-around awesome place to eat, drink, and play!!!My husband and I went to RePete's for happy hour on a Friday evening after work. We had a great time all-around. I must say that it did help that we won $400 after randomly deciding to play keno.First, the service is spectacular. There was a good sized crowd there, with a few large parties, and the bartenders were on it! Drinks were refilled quickly, guests were greeted promptly, and everyone was all smiles. Plus, since I sat at the bar, I must mention I was impressed with all the side work both bartenders and barbacks did in-between taking care of patrons. They were ALWAYS working but attentive to guests and that is a big plus in my book.I read from previous reviews that the bar is owned by an older gentleman and his wife. They were both present during our visit and were busy greeting customers and serving food. I have a big affinity towards locally owned businesses and an even bigger bias towards "older people" who own local businesses (similar to a love and admiration for puppies and chubby babies).The 50% off appetizers and pizzas during happy hour was a big plus for the hubby. He ordered fried zucchini and pepperoni pizza. It was great (I stole some bites).I opted for the shrimp bisque pasta and it seemed as though that wasn't a popular choice ( the server had me show her where it was on the menu). I definitely liked it but not as much as the pizza.We are definitely coming back.  The menu had a lot of things on it that sounded great and we want to try them all.I would definitely recommend RePete's for my company's next happy hour excursion. The entire experience was worth repeating (no pun intended).
4	Came with a company function; I think there were about 18 of us during a Friday night Happy Hour.  Food is better-than-average bar food; I really liked the fries.  Unfortunately, for a group our size (full of heavy drinkers I might add) one cocktail server was not adequate.  Ours was friendly and kept her smile up despite the fact that we were pretty demanding, but she simply couldn't keep up with our orders.  I can't see myself coming back here on my own because the atmosphere isn't anything to write home about, but I'll definitely look forward to a return engagement for a work event because the food was quite yummy.
5	My husband and I finally got a night out without the kids. Instead of going to a fancy restaurant we heard the food was great at RePete's. We were not disappointed! My hubby is hard to please, but after eating the Beef Tips he was sold. I've been craving them ever since. Can't wait to try some of the Greek food. Our server was very friendly. Oh I also won $40. Great experience overall.
5	This place is amazing. We were starved at 11 pm and we saw this place. It looks a little bit divey from the outside with the 24 hour signs and the flat screens  but don't let that fool you.  The food tasted so fabulous. Our group of 3 had gourmet salad s and crab cakes, nachos and salads.  They have a lot of greek items on the menu as well.   This place was a life saver and was easy to get to because it was off of the street.  Reasonably priced for the quality.
4	Excellent Greek inspired menu.  Happy hour 3-6pm.
5	I am not a fan of bar food so when I was told we are going here I was not a happy camper........BUT RePete's is fantastic!  IT's hardly bar food and if you want to call it bar food then I would say its gourmet!  I called in the order for pickup and they had everything ready and correct when I came to get it!  I have been here twice now and I have ordered the veggie salad which was AMAZING!!!!!!  Lots of steamed veggies and of course the goat cheese which is my favorite!  The second time I ate here I ordered the veggie omelet and it was HUGE!!!!!!  But I ate the entire thing. I recommend coming to this place if you want to have good food and drinks!
4	RePetes is a cool little video poker bar on Warm Springs just off of Las Vegas Blvd.  I met fellow Yelper Loren for lunch and, this was a place that we both agreed on.  They have a huge parking lot and the space inside was pretty spacious as well.  We walked in and found a place to sit in the bar itself.  They also had a side room away from the bar, which may have been the move to make, because the bar allows smoking.  That is something to consider if I come back here again.  Anyhow, we sat down and eventually ordered.  Our waitress, who is also the bartender, was great.  She gave us time to look at the menu and was cool when I got a little picky.  I ordered the Spinach salad which came with Chicken and hard-boiled egg.  I also asked for the dressing on the side.  The salad also came with toast, but I stayed away from the extra carbs.  As we were waiting for our order to come up, we were hit with a little bit of smoke.  It wasn't so bad but, I would rather not deal with it while having lunch.The meal wasn't bad and our waitress came to check on us a couple of times to make sure we were good.  So, I'm a fan of this place.
1	My boyfriend & I just moved here from California, got in to our new home at around 2 am. I was looking for GOOD food open in the middle of the night. I found RePetes on line & the reviews made me willing to make the 30 min round trip to get food from there. I ordered my boyfriend a breakfast burrito, which on the menu there was NO mention of it including onions which my boyfriend is allergic to. When I got home my boyfriend opened his burrito to find it FILLED with onions. I called RePetes & spoke with Josh, who has originally taken my order. He apologized profusely & offered to remake it for free if I came back. I was so tired I didn't want to waste another 30 minutes driving around, so I asked for a refund that I would come in for later. Josh said he'd have to get the refund approved by his manager & if for any reason it wasn't approved, he said he would refund me out of his own tips. A few days later I went back in, ordering another breakfast burrito, assuming that it would be comped. When I arrived Josh recognized me right away. He started to tell me that he asked the chef & he said he never put onions in my burrito & they don't even come on it.... Basically like I'm an idiot & don't know what an onion looks/smells like, and he argued with me for about 5 minutes over whether or not the onions were actually in there or not! Then he tells me "the chefs human to, we all make mistakes" Really!?!? & then when I asked if I could get the burrito comped, he tells me he can't because he wasn't the one who took my order. But to make up for it he offered my underaged friend and I shots to make up for it. Needless to say I won't be returning to RePetes.
5	Wow! What a nice find! Sorta out of the way. But really happy I tried it! Service was good! Food was great! I had the bacon cheeseburger and my friend had the patty melt. We were both very happy!!! Will definitely be back!!!!
4	RePete's is a big improvement to that enjoyable dump that was there before, a fan of both establishments :D  I've been here a few times for late night/early morning eating and once for that game 7 of the NBA final BOO HEAT BOO!!! haha Last time I've checked their Happy Hour was 1/2 pizzas and apps Mondays-Fridays 3pm to 6 pm and midnight to 3am.  And their beers were reasonably prices with a decent selection of craft brews.If Buffalo Wild Wing, Outback Steakhouse, or any of the other alcohol/food selling businesses are busy and you need a place to go RePete's is just as spacy, not as crammed, and has a better tasting food menu.  I am a fan of their menu though I haven't had everything yet.  It's mostly better than your typical bar food and includes calamari fries which were pretty big pieces, greek meatballs which I was told was their patrons favorites they were OK , nachos which were pretty huge, various pizzas so far all delicious, monte cristo and other sandwiches, salmons and steaks, pasta, etc. I've only had one horrible experience with them and that was when they had the hardest time splitting checks and adjusting the prices on the bill when it switched from happy hour prices  to regular prices.  Other then that most of the customer service has been good.They have plenty of tables and TVs and are well maintained.  Great place to hang out  enjoy a few brews close to the strip or to wait while the females shop.
4	I have been meaning to check this place out for quite a while...I don't know what took me so long...When I first walked in the bartender immediately greeted me and was very friendly and attentive. The bar wasn't very busy, but he was very outgoing and kept the vibe light and fun.I ordered the turkey dinner... and it was very good. The turkey was very tender and I really like the mashed red potatoes and stuffing. The bartender talked me into trying the homemade cranberry sauce. I'm glad that I did, because it was really yummy. The bar is pretty spacious. I will definitely be back to try some other stuff.
5	I've heard some good things about this spot for awhile now. So glad I finally checked it out. Black and bleu sliders were incredible. My brother had the beef tips which were equally amazing. Perfectly marinated and super tender. We were considering going back for dinner, yes, it's that good. This is one of those places where you want to be a regular. I think I'm heading in that direction.
4	First time here, remember when it was screwballs. Nicely redone and open floor space. The bartenders were very attentive and recommended two of the three dishes we ordered. The food is excellent and reasonably priced. Looking forward to a return visit.
5	Great bar, awesome beer options, food is great and now they are HOME OF THE PHILADELPHIA EAGLES!!
4	The sun is shining and the top is down, it's another perfect day in Las Vegas. Its days like this when you can easily find yourself lost in the splendor, and sometimes - well just plain lost. Such was the case the other day when I found myself pulling into a place called RePete's. After all, how in the world are you ever supposed to find this place unless you're lost? All kidding aside, RePete's is the reimagined local joint off the 15 that suffered from being on a road to nowhere, that is until they finally finished the Warm Springs bridge over the interstate last year. Still, it's hard to imagine many people find themselves driving by this place in their day-to-day lives (maybe I'm wrong), which is too bad really because RePete's has some rather delicious food and a very comfortable environment.During my most recent visit, I was moved to try the Cuban sandwich with sweet potato fries. First of all, any place that offers sweet potato fries is alright in my book, so the sandwich didn't need to accomplish much to win me over. To my surprise, the sandwich was very good; the pickles were crisp and tangy and the piles of meat did not disappoint.So next time you find yourself getting lost in Las Vegas for no reason, lose yourself over to RePete's for a bite to eat, and some friendly banter with the barkeep.
4	This place is great. It's nice and clean, big TVs to watch the games, the staff is awesome, and the food is good! I'm pretty sure the French fries are cut fresh in house. Absolutely worth checking out!
4	Repetes has some of the best bar food I've had in town. The nachos were gigantic!!! Full of toppings too. And the herds is a cheese sauce instead of shredded cheese they toss under a broiler. I hate when they do that. Hesse Saussure is the way to go!! Toppings galore as well. Ok now I want some nachos from repetes!! The meatballs are tasty but I wish they gave more.
3	Friendly staff, clean bar, but horrendous food. I'll come to drink and watch sporting events, but not to eat.
5	GREAT place for lunch! Highly recommended.South of the strip (and a couple blocks west).  Amazing hand cut fries matched by burger that is ground on site each morning. Top things off with some great craft beers on tap (shhh!) and it all adds up to a great place for lunch.Clean but fairly empty (I had a later lunch, starting at 1pm), I was served quickly and ably. The offer for 15% off for checking in on Yelp was honored with a smile.
4	Had a really good casual meal here just before heading to the airport for our flight home.  We had beef tips and a Swiss mushroom burger, served by a nice server named Naomi.  Our dishes were both very nicely cooked and tasty!  This is a nice place to eat before catching a flight; not too far from the rental car center and there's a gas station nearby the restaurant to top off the rental before dropping it off!  Very convenient!  We'll come back again!
5	Two days in a row....need I say more? Friendly staff and amazing food! Steak with bleu cheese and bacon topping, black and bleu burger, garlic chicken pizza. ..we'll be back!!
4	Good food and beer with good service!
5	So I came here for the first time on 12/10/13 and instantly made this my new favorite bar. Didn't hurt that video poker was kind to me. I tried their chicken wings which were good. Good sign. I ended up going back later that night and had dinner there. The bartender recommend the New York steak with the mashed potatoes and the sauce they make there. I can't remember what the name of the sauce was but it was delicious. The steak was cooked to perfection and the potatoes were good also. I am going to go back and try the burger soon. This is my new home. Going to walk here once it stops being so cold. Lol.
4	From the dining to the video machines and drinks we always feel how luxurious it is going here. Not your normal "bar food" and they really are competitive in prices. They have things like Guinness and Wasatch on draft which is unlike most late-night dine-in bars. Cannot rave enough about bartender and server Maria. She really keeps us coming back. And is always so joyful to be around. Her & Josh know the menu front to back and are very fast. I only put 4 stars "Yay! I'm a fan" because I am - however I would have rated this establishment 5 stars if it wasn't for the uptight rude and non-attentive bartender JC (I believe his name is).  So now when we go we look for our favorites, MARIA & JOSH. :-D They always make our experience so great. Ask for the daily special menu - there's some nice surprises on there and they do serve awesome dessert (which is not on the menu, why I do not know). Cheers!
5	Hey....stopped in yesterday to meet up with a buddy who lives in Hooterville (Henderson). This place in half way for both of us. Absolutely awesome/fun place. Greeted as soon as I walked in. Had several beers poured by the fabulous 'Jana'. I hope I got that right as I'm terrible with names. Had a beer called 'Devistator'. Dark, kinda sweet but not heavy. Excellent. It's a double Bock made in Utah. They have a great variety of draft beer but I stuck with this one for the afternoon. Tried one of the daily specials...Chowder and chicken cordon blu. (sp)sandwich. Fantastic. My buddy had the Swiss mushroom burger/fries. Raved about it. Seriously the service food and friendly atmosphere made it a fun afternoon out. Give it a try you will not be disappointed. BTW they have a very nice dining room for those that bring children or do not want to particapate in the bar scene. TTFN
5	We were pleasantly surprised with this local find. They offered creative menu choices and the food measured up to our expectations. So did the drinks. Stephani, our wait staff, was very attentive. We were very happy with the ambiance, the food, and the drinks! Thanks for making our first night in Vegas fabulous!
1	I've been here twice.  The food is not the issue.  The machines are super tight and the service is not very attentive.  And then after you've dumped your dough into video poker, they hit you with a bill for all your drinks!  YAY!
4	Filet Mingon tips! So delicious. Their peppercorn sauce too...omg. We tried out this bar next to our house because we needed a change in scenary from our other bars. Plus, someone told me that it was an Eagles bar..which is one..but no longer is that the case. :/ They stopped being an Eagles bar like 2 weeks before I showed up..of course !However, the food is great! Not your ordinary bar food for sure. They also do some cool games during football season. We won money on the square games. The staff is awesome. I think one bartender is named DJ or some two letter name and he is very nice and a good bartender. The people skills do matter in that industry! I forget the girls name, but she is nice too. They are usually bartending together when we go. The owner walks around occasionally and he is very friendly too. Good bar, good people. Check it out.
4	Recently moved to the Silverado Ranch area and wanted to try something new. Saw this place had some good reviews and decided to give it a try. Best idea we had. The employees were super friendly, which set the tone for the bar. I had the steak pita sandwhich..........DELICIOUS. I was very impressed with how clean the bar looked, including the bathroom :-). I've already invited friends to go in the future. Definitely a place to hangout and eat and drink regularily. I can't wait to try other items on the menu!!
3	Not a bad place to grab food after a long night. Usually I'll grab a drink here and the service is good people are friendly
5	Holy AMAZEBALLS!! We came here after reading the fantastic yelp reviews. We have driven by so many times but never thought to come in. My oh my we were SO impressed by the place.When we walked in, we were pleasantly surprised by the clean surroundings and beautiful decor. It didn't wreak of smoke, which we had assumed by its outside appearance. Once seated, the server greeted us and was very friendly and hospitable. Now the food! EXCELLENT! Husband got the wedge salad and it was to die for. Their blue cheese dressing is homemade and you can taste that right away. The rest of our dishes were exquisitely presented and were absolutely delicious. Upon finishing our meal, we found out that the chef is a "classically trained chef from France."Wow! We would never have expected this neighborhood bar to be such a fine dining experience (great prices though).Love RePetes!!
4	Roasted Veggie Salad.. Yum!!!So glad I stumbled in here.The staff was very friendly.Our server Christine was very sweet and had some great menu suggestions.I will definitely be back!!!
5	For what this restaurant is, it is a five star all of the way! I found the flavors in the goat cheese and spinach pizza to be far beyond this restaurants price point. The goat cheese had a fantastic bitter quality to it and the spinach was fresh and cooked to perfection! You could even taste the quality of the olive oil and garlic used. Far better food, atmosphere, and service than I expected for a bar. I'm blown away
4	Really, really good food in copious quantities. Quite a surprise to find, but the other reviews are right - RePetes will delight! The ambience is a bit strange for those unused to Vegas' combined gambling + (insert business type of choice), but the separate dining room is a nice place to enjoy a savory meal. The calamari was great, the crab cakes were fantastic, the chicken cordon blue was delectable, the oso bucco was delicious, and the bananas foster cheesecake was a dream. We'll definitely be back for more!
5	Always great food! Friendly staff. I recommend the blackened chicken salad or the top sirloin.
5	So now we have been here several times for lunch. They have really good hamburgers. The pork sandwich is also very good, my favorite!
1	I would give 0 but yelp won't let me. Stay at your own home bar. First time my friend and I went, I own biz 3 blocks away. Anyway long story short. We went there to have few drinks and food. My friend lost $40 on their machines. They told us that they comp 1 drink for every $20 lost. I got bill it was $49 I tipped $10 as a long term Vegas local should at least hit for 20%. They kept rushing me to pay for tab, I was like hmm why r they rushing me. After I paid the girl the guy came over, second bartender and said hey you guys should stay for happy hour 4 min before 12am. I will say this good hustle, long term though you lost a customer. Pretty bar, but bad training. If you want to keep customers long term don't hustle them especially true locals. Sad but won't be coming back. Take it as it is. Up to you to try them. Keep in mind this info if you go. Peace out.
5	We are locals and frequent this sports bar and restaurant. The service is impeccable and the food is amazing. My husband is addicted to the home made salsa and freshly made warm tortilla chips. I really love the fish tacos. All of the bartenders and food servers are so friendly, and get to know all of the customers. We like gaming, and I have to say the machines are fair and there are a variety of games to choose from. One of the best parts of this locals hang out are the TVs. They are huge and there are plenty of them that can be seen from all angles. We like to hang out during a baseball, hockey or football game, have some excellent food and play some video poker. If you are a local or visiting from out of town, stop by for some sports watching, lunch or just to hang out for a couple of beers. You won't be disappointed. If you have kids, there is a dining room where you all can enjoy lunch together.
5	Thrilled! We tried to get into Bootleggers in the early afternoon but the hospitality was horrid! We chose to come to RePete's and were thrilled! Food was incredible: steak tips  required no knife; they melted in your mouth! And the burger is fresh made- one of the best in town!! Definitely recommend. And... The hospitality was also incredible.
4	Very nice and clean inside. Plenty of bar counter space. The wings are great and the beer mugs are extra cold which I like. Bartenders are only so-so if you're not a regular. Seems like they are extremely nice and love spending the majority of the time focusing on the regulars. I Will never make this my main spot, but will definitely come back when looking for a change in atmosphere.
5	Great nightBar beautifulFood greatBig TVsgreat live musicIl be back
4	I seriously love this place.  The food is awesome and the price is reasonable.  Never too busy and not too smokey.  Maria and Josh are awesome and are half the reason you should visit this place.  That being said this place would get my fifth star if JC wasn't the random variable in having a perfect experience here.  His service is sub par and he has done a handful of things that make it a disappointment to visit when he's on duty.  Even when I bring friends in for a single visit they are like "wtf is with this dude?".  Other than that I love this place and for now will just have to time my visits accordingly.  Hopefully the owners/management catch on.
5	Great breakfast and service in the non-smoking dining room. Had the Ham and Cheese omelette with English muffin toast. Amelia had 3 eggs over easy with rye toast (very good). Would repeat at RePete's.
4	RePete's is one of my favorite dive bars with great food. Some of their choices are spot on, some are a little bit of a miss, but they have a great variety for a bar.I've tried the steak tips, pizzas, carbonara, wings, burgers, as well as a few sandwiches and wraps. Of my favorites are the steak tips and carbonara, while the wings were a great value during happy hour but average overall.The staff here is pretty friendly, though one time we wanted to have the volume turned up on an NBA finals game and they said the locals wanted to listen to the random background music over the game, which was kind of sad considering they have great TVs and it looks like it should be friendly for sports. I understand the fact that regulars have a higher priority but it seemed ridiculous considering how much it looks like a sports bar.Still, I do like to come back here, particularly for the excellent carbonara.
4	Enjoyable dinner.  It was pretty quiet.  I do like that they have the dinning separated from the bar area. The atmosphere was very relaxing and comfortable.  It was clean and very nice, definitely not what you would expect when you drive up. Our waitress was very attentive. She was never far away and did keep our glasses full. The meal was very tasty.  We had the Tips and they were very good. I'm not a huge fan of fries, so I opted for the Lyonnaise Potatoes when were tasty but perhaps a little too mushy for my personal taste. The flavor was good.  We may not be a frequent visitor but I'm sure we will return.
5	Who would think that a local bar would have a professional French chef cooking. They serve real dinners not just bar food. The dinners are delicious; so glad I found this place.
4	Exceptional bar food and a wide variety of other options to surprise you as well.  The hand dipped onion rings will really surprise you.  They are massive and very tasty. As an entree, I ordered the Tilapia Picata with steamed veggies and homemade mashed potatoes and was blown away at the portions size, flavor and presentation for $13.  The flavors reminded me of a fine dining option, except the fish of choice.  Our server was attentive and very knowledgeable about the menu, providing great recommendations.  Location: very close to the airport, I'd recommend it for a quick stop in when travelling.  The only downside is that smoking is allowed inside (not allowed in Tennessee).
5	Finger-licking good! The food is great! It's the your traditional food with a  modern twist. Burgers are made by the best beef out there. You will be blown away with everything on the menu. My hubs always has the chicken wings. Those come standard no funny-ness there. Wings are wings and they know how to make them right!
2	stopped in for some breakfast. the corned beef was straight out of the can Hormel. the wife's "applewoood" smoked bacon was just regular cheap bacon. the rye toast was good and the coffee was hot and tasty. there was a weird mix of death metal and 80s pop on the stereo. service was friendly though. maybe they are working on their breakfast selection or something but from my experience I wouldn't make a point of returning.
4	Two things: Beef Tips or Chicken Picata. I hear everything else is pretty good too. It is a bar which is why I don't visit more often. Everyone I have taken with me loves the food as well. The service is great also. Support local business and try the beef tips! MMMMMmmmmm
2	I am a Las Vegas local for 7 years now. I have some feedback for your bar/grill. I went to RePete's for the first time toward the end of March. Based on my neighbors recommendation, I had high expectations. I was pleasantly surprised! It was very nice inside and noticeably newly remodeled. The staff was very friendly. This was a Sunday right around noon. I came a few other nights, on Tuesday and Thursdays, to meet up with my neighbors who come there often. The bartender, JC, was very friendly and accommodating. I usually put in $100 per trip to play video poker which end up being about 3 times per week. However, Saturday, May 17th around 8pm-10pm, I had a different experience. First off, I was not greeted promptly or very warmly. I wasn't offered a menu. I then put in $20 and ended up hitting a four of a kind. I played for a while and when I needed to get back home, the waitress charged me for one of my two glasses of wine. I find this not the usual "culture" of gambling in Las Vegas. As a frequent video poker player, I tend to lose more money than I gain in general. I feel unjustly charged for a glass of wine as I have in the past put in larger quantities of money and lost a lot more. I have heard other patrons with this sentiment as well.I was hoping to find a neighborhood bar to frequent quite often, but I was very turned off by my last experience. I will continue to play my money elsewhere as will my husband.Perhaps, if that is your policy, it should be communicated to the patrons. I would have at least had a choice as to buying a glass of wine, leaving or putting in another $20. I felt very uncomfortable with being handed a bill as I expected to get up and go. It was quite embarrassing to me.Thank you for your consideration.
5	Had their breakfast burrito after a 3 hour flight and a missed breakfast.  Would def come again. Service is really friendly and the food is great.
4	I frequent RePete's for lunch as I work close by. So this will only be about lunch fare. Don't drink here and not a big gambler (make the machines so no allure). Food here is good American pub style food. Burgers and sandwiches are all pretty standard. I really like the salads when I'm looking for lighter fare. The diner entrees have a lot of food when I'm on the hungry side. For lunch RePete's is nice. I go with vendors often. I like the Yelp coupon and it throws sales people when you get them some discount. The atmosphere and remodel (3ish years ago) make the place nice for business lunches. But not so elegant that you stay away for casual lunches. I've watched sports here as well. World Cup (soccer) and Olympics. Find the amount of TVs and placement well suited for watching.
5	Came in for a qu I'm lunch after leaving airport. Great food! Great service! Summer is a wonderful server. The owner, Pete is also a peach. Very sweet, kind man. I had a house salad and buffalo wings, which were both flavorful and fresh.
1	While I still think RePete's is awesome for food and drinks, my breakfast experience here was disappointing. I came in on a Sunday morning and got a bloody mary. My friend ordered a mimosa. The food was okay, but OMG the bloody marys and the mimosas were disgusting. My friend's mimosa was so flat and she told me that she saw the bartender poor from on already opened bottle. Being that it was 9am and we were the only people in the bar, the bottle was probably from the night or day before. When we told her about the flat mimosa, her response was, "Oh, I THOUGHT it smelled kinda skunky." I mean, REALLY!???? Why THE F*$# would you serve it to a customer if you thought it "smelled kinda skunky"?!? My friend was pissed and said to just take off the bill because she was grossed out.  My bloody mary was basically cheap vodka mixed with tomato juice and tabasco. It was so gross. I felt bad for dragging my friend here for breakfast to a place I promised her would be awesome. The skunky mimosa and bartender's comment is just inexcusable and a reason I will probably never return to RePete's.
5	Back again!!  Had a classic cheese burger. Don't even try to eat the whole thing!!  Was so good!!
3	My friend Loren and I needed some girl time. After about 2 days of deciding, we finally chose this spot since it was on our way home from work. It's your typical bar with another section designated for non smoking diners. We decided to sit on that side since it was much more quiet and we wanted to catch up over food and drinks. My friend orders a screwdriver, which you can't really mess up. I order a vodka (Tito's) and water with lime. I get my drink and it had a lemon instead. No biggie. I take a sip, it's ALL water. I let my friend taste it to make sure I wasn't just being a raging alcoholic since I'm used to stronger drinks. She agreed that it had almost no alcohol. Our waitress was super sweet and had the bartender add more Tito's. We order our food and I opt for the fish and chips with coleslaw. My friend had the salmon, which she said was good. Mine on the other hand was just eh. The fish had good texture and was moist but the breading just came right off. It was so much breading too that I just ended up with a thin strip of fish. The French fries were undercooked and soggy. The coleslaw was soggy from the beginning, probably because  it was pre-made and had way too much mayo. For dessert, we opted for bread pudding with caramel sauce. This was delicious. It was soft, but not too soggy and wet. And the caramel sauce added just the right amount of sweetness. The owner came around a few times to make sure that everything was well. He was this sweet older man and I appreciated the gesture. Our waitress was sweet as well, always coming by to check on us. You could tell this is a favorite spot for locals because the employees knew a lot of customers' names when they walked in. I had a good time here, but Id probably only come here if this was someone else's choice.
4	Stopped by for breakfast and WOW! Excellent breakfast and fabulous wait staff and very reasonable prices! Its a short walk from Tahiti Village and worth the few extra steps. This will be our new go to breakfast place while in town. We will be back later this week to try out the happy hour!
5	Awesome food.. Not your typical bar food.  Try the beef tips, they're  the best!
5	Great food & drinks, great prices, service was awesome. Hubby had the beef tips and I had the chicken piccata. Our kids (3 & 6) shared the cheese pizza and we all shared the wedge salad, phenomenal.
5	I absolutely love it here! My friends took me here for the first time and I wasn't so interested because it just seemed like a lonely, random building. Little did I know it would be our favorite late night, after hours spot. What sold me was the bartender Josh! He is by far the best out there! He's so friendly, helpful and funny-basically just good vibes all around. On the nights that we came here already a bit tipsy, Josh didn't act like the other bartenders who are annoyed and roll their eyes at the drunk customers. (I know that sounds totally weird and we're not obnoxious drinkers lol) By now he usually knows what we like to drink and it's actually really cool knowing your bartender-win win for everyone. We usually order some kind of pizza, which is good, and I've had a few of their pasta dishes which are also really tasty! I've always had a good experience here and it's worth a try!
5	Great spot to watch a game.  Not your average bar food.  I had the fish tacos and they were top 5 I've ever had.  Salmon is also amazing.  The staff is super nice and welcoming.
5	First time here, had the Black and Blue sliders, and they were excellent. Tried the veggie pizza and the dough taste like pizza dough should taste.
5	Have had almost everything non the menu. I love it all. I'm a HUGE pub food fan at I'm never let down. The entrees are amazing. Def try the beef tips.
5	Great lunch..perfect wings and a Greek salad.   Service was perfect too.  A hidden gem. Tv's for everyone
5	Just had a ICE COLD BUD. And the linguini with clams was GREAT.Staff was very friendly.Highly recommend this place especially if you are done with the normal bar bulls**t.
4	We hosted a group meet here for 11 friends at a birthday celebration. The staff was accommodating and very attentive. All the different dishes we tried were all great. Of course I tried the famous Beef Tips and was impressed, not your average bar fare. This place is great, if you're ever in the South part of town, worth the stop.
5	Formally trained chef shows in the food offered and the great flavor when eaten.  So many choices. Love this place.  Must admit I was surprised......expected bar food but it's so much more.  The Greek custard pastry for dessert was to die for.  Exceptional attention by the servers.
5	We will be back!!!! Made cosmopolitan exactly how I like it... Food was great!!Wing dings, scampi, Caesar salad with spicy fingers... So yummy!!!
4	The food is really good and the service is swift and friendly.  A wonderful surprise at the south end of the Vegas strip.
4	So after driving by this place a few times we decided to give this place a try. Super friendly staff, as far as bar food this place is really good. My husband had to surf and turf and I had the beef tips with red potato skin mashed potatoes. So if your in the area give this place a try!!
4	Great place to watch football, food is good with football specials ranging from $5-$7. Sometimes service is slow if it gets busy but they are always friendly. Plenty of flat screens for watching sports. Nice decor too. Con: I really want to teach them how to pour a Guiness properly.
5	Great meal! Real Food very well prepared and presented! Waitress was very friendly and informative.  We checked Yelp for the reviews and when the locals eat there you can be assured it will be good!
5	Good food, nice atmosphere and friendly setvice.  Bartender was a little overworked but I would go back.
5	Great service. Reasonably priced food that is above par on your typical bar food. I got the greek salad and salmon, both were made fresh and very tasty. I will be back :)
1	We came here to watch a football game and thought the place was great but our bill paying experience was horrid and we will never go back. We aren't from Vegas so maybe this would never happen to a local. We had a few beers during the game. Great selection, great prices. We sat at the bar and played some video poker while watching the game. Every time we put money in the machine, they threw away our bar tab receipt. If we weren't playing video poker and ordered a beer, we got a new bar tab. We stopped drinking and playing video poker at fourth quarter. After overtime, we didn't have a bar tab so we tipped a twenty and headed out. The waitress came running after us in the parking lot because we didn't pay our $23 bill. We were so horrified, we gave her another twenty and left without asking for change. It was so embarrassing that we won't ever step for in there again.
4	Awesome food.  Steak tips was great, get the Au Poivre sauce!  Great compliment to the steak.
