5	I met Rich and Dave through a networking event in Las Vegas.  I was lucky enough to meet them at there office and really speak to them about there business.  What impressed me the most is the passion, experience and professionalism they posses.  When making an appointment to see what they provide such as engagement rings, custom jewelery or colored gems, these two are knowledgeable.  It's a private environment, no "mall atmosphere" and they truly listen to what you are looking for.  I have a ring that I wanted them to redesign for me and they took the time to walk me through the process and provide a very reasonable price.  I also had the chance to look at beautiful loose diamonds, which was fun.  I would highly recommend anyone who is interested in engagement rings, bridal sets, loose diamonds, diamond earrings or redesign an existing piece.  Thank you for being so great to me!
5	I had the pleasure to meet Dave and Rich at their office this week. What impressed me most is their knowledge of the industry and their customer service oriented business model.  Their personal approach carries through the way they do business... nurturing business relationships, asking for personal referrals, and giving a customer undivided attention at the appointment.I met both gentlemen at a networking event and was intrigued about the business model of not having a store front.  Now that I understand it better, I have to say it's the way to go!
5	If you are looking for personalized service, quality stones with realistic prices and people who really do care, this is your jewler of choice.  They helped me order the most magnicifant earings for my sister's 60th birthday.Thank you so much!
5	I've known Dave and Rich for years. When I learned they opened their own business I sought them out. Private appointments are the way to go. I have complete trust and confidence in Dave and Rich. Their integrity cannot be surpassed. Your wants and needs are paramount to themIn my case, we settled on a custom split shank ring. Sizing was tricky because of a large knuckle and a normal size finger. Once again, we found a solution. I am over the moon. They also designed a pendant for me using gems from another ring and an unused chain. I'm thrilled. Give these guys a call, set your appointment and be prepared to be amazed.
5	I know Dave Pagett (one of the owners) he treated me like I was family. I got the biggest bang for my buck. Not only did i get a beautiful ring(huge rock) for my soon to be wife, i left with a great education on diamonds and jewelry. You must go see Dave and Rich at D&R House of Diamonds before going anywhere else and you'll see D&R Diamonds is where you'll stay..... thanks dave !!!!
5	When my friend found out that I was looking for an engagement ring for my now fiancee he introduced me to dave. I went to go meet dave with some idea of what I knew my girl wanted however when I got there I really had no idea and felt overwhelmed. Dave was super informative, friendly and patient. He really took the initiative to help me find the right ring. A week after purchasing the ring I wanted to add a little different style to it, I messaged dave with a picture and he actually got back to me right away and we were able to schedule to meet right away. Dave assured me that it would be an easy fix. I would recommend D&R house to anyone who is looking for a personalize customer service
5	I met with Dave today at his office. WOW I will NEVER buy from a jewelry store again! Since he is a personal jeweler, he can help custom design just what you want or re-purpose a stone from heirloom. He does not have the overhead so you can get your jewelry at a great discount compared to the box shops in the mall. This man will educate you and show you how diamonds are marked to be identified. I was so impressed!!! Never go anywhere else or you will be paying way too much! Thanks David Orbie Padgett
5	Great buying experience and really likable guys.  I'll definitely be recommending them to friends and buying from them again.
5	I recently got two beautiful rings from D&R House of Diamonds.  They have a beautiful selection of rings, diamonds and other jewelry.  Dave Padgett was very helpful showing all the selections.  By appointment only, you get great great customer service and undivided attention in making your selections.   They are located in Tivoli Village in Summerlin.    I highly recommend D&R House of Diamonds for all your jewelery needs.
5	I had a very good experience with this place. I met with Dave to get an extra link on my watch. He was very friendly and experienced. I would recommend no alternative to D&R House of Diamonds
5	I have bought many a set of good husband points from Dave. Thank you for keeping my wife smiling.
5	I made an appointment with D&R House of Diamonds because I had heard such great things about Dave & Rich, their personal service, state of the art computer program for designing and they have over 40 years of experience in the industry. If you want excellent quality and it's important to you to do business with someone you like and trust, you should look no further than D&R House of Diamonds
5	If you haven't made an appointment with Rich or Dave you are truly missing out!  D & H House of Diamonds, gives you a completely personal and unique way to purchase jewelry.  I was amazed by vast selection of settings and stones they have available! Their software allowed me to be able to completely customize and design my own ring!  I also loved the personal attention I received!  I would highly recommend D & R House of Diamonds for any jewelry needs.
5	David and Rich are experienced and hard working professionals.  They fixed my watch quickly and had it looking brand new again.  I would recommend D&R House of Diamonds to anyone in the market for jewelry that wants personalized service without the huge price tag.
5	Dave and Rich make jewelry shopping so easy. no high pressure sales. you get that one on one attention. They do amazing work and get you amazing prices. I would absolutely refer them to my friends and family. They go the extra mile to make everything perfect
5	At first, to be honest, I wasn't really sure about trying this place out because of the need to schedule an appointment in order to have my wife's rings resized.  I read the other reviews and decided to check D&R out anyway... and I (and my wife) are glad that we did.  They treated us like real people, with no pressure tactics, a friendly genuine care for our needs, and a fantastic price with outstanding service.  I am so thankful to meet both Dave & Rich, they were simply fantastic.  I encourage anyone to definitely check them out first for all their Jewelry needs.
5	Dave design a prefect engagement ring for me and in a timely manner couldn't have ask for better service it was in price budget Thank you
5	D&R House of Diamonds ROCKS !!At first, I wasn't real sure about D&R House of Diamonds because they had no store front and I had to make an appointment to see them. They did come highly recommended though. Then when I went in, it was just an small office space. After conversing for a few minutes, Dave and Rich totally put me at ease. The REAL TEST ... I left them with a ring that I had purchased over 25 years ago. The ring's 16 prongs needed re-built, the ring needed to be sized and it totally needed cleaned ... badly. And the clincher ... I NEEDED this ring done for my upcoming wedding. They really understood how important this ring was to me !!D& R House of Diamonds not only met my expectations, they exceeded my expectations !! They called me a week early to let me know that my ring was ready for pick-up. WOW, was it beautiful !! I sure didn't look 25 years old anymore. It's as beautiful and shiny as if I purchased it yesterday.Thank you Dave & Rich !!
5	After going to several retailers, I decided to call Dave Padgett, business colleague and co-owner of D & R. I was expecting good pricing, professionalism, convenience, and a large selection. And that is exactly what I got! Take the stress out of your diamond jewelry shopping. Do not think twice about it. If you are going to buy an engagement ring, this is the place! Thank you Dave and Rich!
5	Great engagement ring!  We wanted a custom engagement ring and Richard made sure it was perfect. Amazing customer service. Highly recommend it. Best jeweler in town!
5	Great service provided by a jewelry store.  Make an appointment and you know you will get help with someone who knows what they are doing.  When you buy jewelry you always want someone who knows what they are doing and D & R Diamonds is the place to go with a great concept of providing great service.
5	Wow!   The customer service you get with this company is way beyond your imagination.  The experience is A +++. you will receive.  Instead of paying retail you get wholesale and better quality too.   Anytime you buy jewelry come to D & R first. You will be happy you did.
5	FLAWLESS!  AMAZING!  SPECTACULAR!My husband surprised me with a wedding band that is absolutely breath taking. I was so impressed I had to take a friend shopping for an engagement ring there. Dave treats you like family. I was flabbergasted with the technology they have in creating a customized piece of jewelry. The software they have let's you morph and virtually see what it would look like on a person. It's a must see....being able to customize and create a piece of jewelry rather than just picking something out of a display case.
5	Rich & Dave at D & R House of Diamonds took care of me like true professionals.  I was so happy to find out that the jewelry that I had appraised was worth quite a bit more than I paid for it.  They are designing some new jewelry for me as well.  The most important thing when working with a jeweler is trust.  They will continue to get all of my business and referrals.  Thanks guys!
5	Great service!  No better jeweler in town!I have had my wedding ring for 12 years and it was showing some signs of wear and was too big for my finger.  Dave took great care of me, fit the ring perfectly and polished it back to brand new.  These guys have a great business model, so different than any other jeweler I have ever met.
5	Working with Dave and Rich is awesome.  They helped on my engagement right and willing to help on the customized.  Their really care about customer and service.  I had best experience with D&R House of Diamonds.  I'm absolutely going back for my next gift.  Again thanks Dave and Rich you guys are the best.
5	THE JEWELERS THAT EVERYONE SHOULD GO TOThe Perfect Jewelers for anyone that wants to create a custom piece, consolidate existent pieces or just have an idea, but with D&R House of Diamonds it will become reality.After going through 5 different Jewelry houses in Las Vegas and always hearing "No we can't do that" Dave from D&R House of Diamonds, put at end to my exhausting and depressing journey. He did not hesitate for one second to let me know that the custom piece I wanted to create by consolidating two rings I had, was not only possible, but can be achieved at the highest standards of any big name jewelry house. I was impressed with the high end customer service he provided me. He kept in communication with me along the process and he always checked with me before he move don to the next phase of my jewelry making. A 5-star customer service is too small to give them but this is all that YELP allows me to provide. They will work with you, they will never say no. If something is impossible they will not only try to do it for you, but at the same time help you explore ideas.The end result was nothing but spectacular. He delivered and he delivered in the 5 star service he promised and the end result piece look even better than any big name jewelry house. Not too mentioned that his rates and prices are affordable. I am very happy I went to D&R House of Diamonds. From now on they are my Jewelers and will always go to them for those special occasions.Any one who is confused into what to do out there specially us men when it comes to jewelry, don't go to a jewelry house, instead go to D&R House of Diamonds as they won't try to sell you stuff you don't need, but will instead help you get the perfect piece you had in mind or you were looking for. With D&R House of diamonds, anything is possible.
5	Dave is not only knowledgeable about priceless stones but also about watch repair.
5	THE JEWELERS THAT EVERYONE SHOULD GO TOThe Perfect Jewelers for anyone that wants to create a custom piece, consolidate existent pieces or just have an idea, but with D&R House of Diamonds it will become reality.After going through 5 different Jewelry houses in Las Vegas and always hearing "No we can't do that" Dave from D&R House of Diamonds, put at end to my exhausting and depressing journey. He did not hesitate for one second to let me know that the custom piece I wanted to create by consolidating two rings I had, was not only possible, but can be achieved at the highest standards of any big name jewelry house. I was impressed with the high end customer service he provided me. He kept in communication with me along the process and he always checked with me before he move don to the next phase of my jewelry making. A 5-star customer service is too small to give them but this is all that YELP allows me to provide. They will work with you, they will never say no. If something is impossible they will not only try to do it for you, but at the same time help you explore ideas.The end result was nothing but spectacular. He delivered and he delivered in the 5 star service he promised and the end result piece look even better than any big name jewelry house. Not too mentioned that his rates and prices are affordable. I am very happy I went to D&R House of Diamonds. From now on they are my Jewelers and will always go to them for those special occasions.Any one who is confused into what to do out there specially us men when it comes to jewelry, don't go to a jewelry house, instead go to D&R House of Diamonds as they won't try to sell you stuff you don't need, but will instead help you get the perfect piece you had in mind or you were looking for. With D&R House of diamonds, anything is possible.
5	THIS PLACE IS GREAT!!! I visited D&R House of Diamonds when I was looking for an engagement ring for my girlfriend. I saw their excellent reviews online and decided to give them a shot...and I'm very glad I did!!!I made an appointment with Dave, who was very informative, courteous, and receptive to what I wanted to get. Dave is VERY knowledgeable about diamonds and was able to educate me about what the best diamond would be. He was also able to stay around my budget and get the best possible deal for me. Furthermore, the process itself is very individualized. You're working one on one in an office environment, which allows you to make a much more personalized purchase. When I proposed to my girlfriend she was absolutely blown away. She's consistently getting compliments about the ring in public.We just got back from re-sizing the ring, which was also a simple and hassle-free process. We are definitely coming back for our wedding bands and we have already recommended D&R to friends and family. Highly recommended! These guys are awesome.
5	Going to D&R was the best decision we could have made. We were having troubles finding exactly what we were looking for. After much research online we decided to give them a shot. Couldn't be more impressed. We were able to custom design exactly what we wanted at a fraction of the box store prices. We walked in  as customers and walked out family!!
5	Words cannot express my complete astonishment at how well this business is run.  I feel like David is my Uncle.  He is kind, does NOT pressure you, open, and honest.  If I could give a 10 star rating I would.  More businesses should be run like this.  He made me feel so incredibly comfortable, and was so honest, that by the end of our first meeting, I knew I had found the place to get the ring.  And you bet your tushy I'll be recommending him to anyone who comes to Vegas.  Not only that but I will also be using him for future purchases as well.  Hands down, the best of the best... you don't get 32 ; 5-star reviews without being amazing.... Thank you so so much for all the hard work and love you put in to your business!  it shows!
5	David is trustworthy, knowledgeable in his field, and tenacious about earning your business. Those are three attributes that are crucial when purchasing an expensive item. I was looking for an engagement ring, when I came across D & R. I had been to all the popular spots in town, but they couldn't produce the kind of ring I wanted. I was looking for something very custom and completely unique. A difficult combination to come by in Vegas, it turns out. But when I popped into David's little shop at Tivoli Village, I didn't get the same crazy look I received from the other places. Instead, he grabbed his notepad and started sketching out how the ring might look. Within a few minutes he had everything sketched out, we had the diamond sizes and types picked out and he was running the numbers. The guy knows his stuff. Within an hour I was very confident that I had found the right place. However, I'm not the kind of person who just rolls out that kind of cash on such a large purchase. I needed 24 hours to think about it. David completely understood, and told me to take all the time I needed. Cognizant of the fact that I needed this ring pretty much built from scratch in 2 weeks, I decided to at least give it 24 hours before making a final decision. That night I did some research on the information I learned from David that day. I don't know about anyone else, but I'm far from a diamond expert. It was really scary buying such an expensive item when I knew very little about what I was buying. I did some research before going in, but how much can you really learn between the time you commit to purposing to your future wife, and the time you buy the ring? Most of the information on the net just repeats the same basic information. How could I be absolutely sure this guy wasn't full of shit? How could I be sure that the ring would actually be worth what I was paying? Naturally, I sent an email to David voicing my concerns. He called me instantly and explained exactly how he came up with the numbers earlier that day. He also guaranteed that I would find no better cut or quality diamond in Vegas for the price he was offering. Not to mention, no one else in town could produce the custom ring I wanted. After sleeping on it and reading more reviews on the net and Yelp about D & R, I decided to go for it. David was thrilled about the project. He was actually excited about this ring! I could tell he was very passionate about his craft and that made me very confident that this was going to work out. I just shelled out enough money to buy a really, really nice Mountain Bike. Something I know a great deal about. It was comforting to know my money was in the right hands.As promised, the ring was complete and in my possession a couple days before New Year's Eve. I was floored by the results, to say the least. David was excited to show off his work. You could easily see the hard work that went into the detail of this ring. It was almost enough to be satisfied with just purchasing the ring. I didn't feel I had to worry about the proposal anymore. It definitely lowered the stress overall. I proposed to my finance on New Year's Eve at Red Rock. We had family there and a photographer snapping shots. It was a memorable event, that will not soon be forgotten. Everyone was in love with the ring, including the brand new owner who said yes, without a moment's pause. We had the ring appraised several weeks later and were pleasantly surprised to learn that the ring was actually worth more than what I had paid for it! Amazing service and craftsmanship? Not to mention a hefty discount!! Visit this place!
5	We had the most fun and memorable experience working with Dave! We got engaged just minutes before picking out rings, and we are thrilled with the products! I am sure we will continue to use D&R in the future for all of our jewelry needs. Dave went above and beyond to give us an experience we will never forget! :-)
5	Worked with Dave but both are awesome guys. We just needed our wedding rings sized and saw all the great reviews so we thought we'd check them out. Lots of 5 star reviews for a reason. Will definitely go back because I feel like their opinions and advise are genuine and they can source all kinds of cool stuff. Hard to find in the jewelry world where everyone is trying to sell you something you don't need or can't afford. Highly recommended.
5	I was just proposed to a couple of days ago with the most beautiful ring I've ever seen in my life. My fiance knew I wanted to use my grandmother's wedding ring setting from the 1920s but the stones had long been taken out and the setting needed some repair. After speaking with my parents,  my mom and my fiance found D &R on yelp and set an appointment. As he told me the story later, he was a nervous wreck. But after walking into the office, meeting Dave and starting the consultation he started feeling so at ease. Dave took the time to thoroughly educate him about diamonds in general and the condition of my antique ring specifically.  They were able to put 3 amazing diamonds in and restore the band and setting to it's fullest glory. All for an AMAZING price. The best part? The appointment was Tuesday and my fiance wanted to propose that weekend! They had the ring completely overhauled and ready for pick up Thursday afternoon! I am forever indebted to this fantastic business for providing my family with a gorgeous heirloom ring that will hopefully be passed down another 100 years!
5	This is the kind of business I like to shop at. Relaxed environment, honest people, and great customer service.  Dave really cares about his clients and takes the time to explain things in plain english for us beginners in the jewelry shopping game. I especially like that he tries to find you something that looks great and will fit into your budget (even as low as $150!) Dave has been in the industry for a long time and it shows because he really knows his gems. I have dealt with other jewelers in town over the years and never felt 100% comfortable if I could trust the information I was getting. I happy to have found a jeweler that I can trust and has a great product selection. Thank you D & R for your help.
5	This past October, I looked down and noticed that my diamond had fallen out of my engagement ring. What a horrible feeling for someone who was very newly married at the time...Looking through different reviews and information online, I decided to give D & R a call. I explained the situation, and even though I was not able to purchase a new diamond at the time, they helped me to get it replaced with a cubic zirconia for the time being. in addition to that, they didn't make me feel bad about not being able to buy a new diamond, but treated me with kindness.Thank goodness, my insurance ended up coming through! I didn't think twice before calling D & R to look into getting a new stone. They were able to provide me with a BEAUTIFUL new stone for a wonderful price. I actually ended up with a ring that was more beautiful than before it was lost. Both Dave and Rich are so knowledgable, and helpful. I couldn't give a better recommendation!
5	I learned of D&R through Yelp and the many positive reviews they have. I was initially drawn to them by the customer service that Dave spoke about during our first phone call and I have found that those initial promises were met, and exceeded. Dave went out of his way to fit our crazy travel schedule while he designed beautiful custom rings for our marriage. But, this was not a straight forward job. We had certain elements that we wanted incorporated into the design. Dave listened patiently and delivered a stunning ring set. We had him make rings for both of us rings that complimented each other yet still showed our individual personalities while hers was feminine and mine masculine. As stunning as the final product may have been, the customer service was even more. I felt in control; I saw 3D images of the ring before it was made, and as I said, Dave worked around my schedule instead of my trying to figure out how I could shoehorn a trip to the jeweler.  After we saw a couple rounds of 3D modeling, we knew he was on the right track, that he understood our vision, and I trusted him to make complete the design on his own. Magnificent! Thank you Dave.
5	Dave was very helpful in creating the perfect ring for my fiance.  I learned a lot about diamonds,  Dave is very knowledgeable &  knows that he's talking about.  We were able to narrow it down with the help of my future sister in law. I would definitely recommend this place.
5	I couldn't have asked for a better experience!  My engagement ring was purchased from another company and after having issues with it less than 3 months after getting it, I wanted to get my wedding band designed by someone locally.  I was concerned that the price for the custom wedding band would be a lot more than budgeted, but not with D&R.  The prices were competitive with online ring prices but we got so much more!!  The custom ring was delivered very quickly and the quality of the sapphires and diamonds are impressive!!
5	A year later after I got my first ring from D&R. I just proposed with a ring by Dave and Rich and she loved it.  They understood exactly what she wanted, even though I didn't completely. They are a great couple of guys that really know their trade.
5	Rich and Dave are two great guys, they are genuine business owners. A couple of months ago they help me with my watch I had for a while. I then refer a good friend of mine to them they spent some time with him before buying a ring for his future wife. I got great feed back from my friend which made me feel so good. Keep up your great service Rich and Dave.
1	By appointment only.  Except if someone walks in ahead of you without one.I needed a diamond appraisal and wanted to look at some wedding rings.  I was a little confused in finding the place initially; it's on the third floor of Tivoli in a *shared* office space without any signage for D&R.  The whole office appeared closed (lights off, doors locked, no one in sight).  All these things struck me as a little odd for a reputable jewelry dealer during their operating hours.  I called the owner and he let me in the locked front door and led me to a waiting room.  He then apologized and told me that someone had just walked in ahead of me and that he would have them out soon to honor my appointment.I gave up and let myself out after waiting patiently for 30 minutes beyond my appointment time without seeing or hearing from the owner again.Diamanti Jewelers and Jeff White are both also in Tivoli, and my dealings with them have been professional and courteous.  I'd recommend either of them before coming to this place.
5	Wow, not much I can say that hasn't already been said, but it's worth repeating. Dave and Rich were amazing to work with!My buddy referred me to D&R after buying his engagement ring, and I had nothing short of a tremendous experience from start to finish. The first appointment I had, Dave sat down with me and explained everything there was to consider in selecting a diamond. I had done a little research, but Dave really explained a lot and filled in a lot of holes in my understanding.  After that, I told him what I had in mind and he worked through a computer program to begin an electronic rendering of my idea(s). There was a lot to it, so he took the time to perfect the design and emailed me the renderings a couple days later.After I got the renderings, which were gorgeous, we moved on to center stone selection. Dave was very conscientious of my budget and gave me some great deals on stones, but I decided to go over budget on a phenomenal diamond he showed me.  Dave expedited the process, so I could get the ring for a proposal date that was earlier than originally planned, and we worked out shipping details to save almost another $1k.The ring came right on schedule, looks remarkable, and she said "yes!" I'll never go to another jeweler. D&R was such a pleasure to work with and an excellent value!! Thanks, Dave!!
5	i have worked with D&R to purchase a gold bracelet for a man.  They worked within my price range and found me a beautiful bracelet. The recipient was very pleased with it.  Rich and Dave are very good to work with and I do plan on using them for all my jewelry needs.
5	I went to see Dave about a watch. He was very friendly and helpful and the price he quoted was very reasonable compared to the other quotes that I have received.  I will buy my watch from him next month, MY Christmas present to my self. I told my Niece & her Fiance that, Dave & Rick are the people to see about their engagement ring.                                                          Thank you much Vern Rettig your customer for life
5	I went to see Dave at D&R house of diamonds and it was an amazing experience. Dave was able to create the perfect ring on the computer with all of the gems all of the clarity color cut carat . Once the ring was created he was able to create a digital image of it which looked amazing I was able to see the vision immediately. What a great customer experience. I highly recommend it to anyone considering purchasing any type of jewelry. Thanks Dave and Rich.
5	Save yourself time and money and go to D & R House of Diamonds!! I did quite a bit of research before contacting D & R and I must say they live up to the ratings.  My ring was beautiful and I got a wonderful deal.  Professional throughout the entire process and followed up with timing as promised.  I am a very satisfied customer and will only go here for future purchases.
5	I recently went to get my ring sized and met Dave, super nice guy even after my fiance and I arrived late to our appointment. Thanks Dave for not rushing us out of there! I am very impressed with his service. My custom ring came out beeeeeautiful!  I highly recommend this place.
