2	This place served extremely strong margaritas and decent food but the service was HORRIBLE!  Our server was nice but completely remiss in attending to our needs.  Two of my friends sent their food back to be rewarmed and it took forever for us to eat despite having been ready to place our orders almost immediately.  Don't go unless you have a lot of time to wait around as they seem completely disorganized.
4	48 ounces of margarita bliss! I'll say it again: FORTY-EIGHT. Yeah! You have to carry around this dorky glass though, but about halfway thru it, you realy don't care who stares at you. It's $24, but when you think about it, most margaritas cost about $8 for 8 ounces.... So you're actually SAVING money by buying in bulk. Chips were fine, salsa was fine, guac was fine. Service was fine. Booze was awesome. Lots of tequila selection, and if you ask really nicely, you might get to sample some of the different kinds. Look for the bartender with the big earrings. She'll hook you up.
2	La Salsa has been a safe bet for vegetarians and folks looking wholesome fast-food. But this La Salsa Catina inside a mall was dire. The service was fairly ok. But the food was poor. The pizza veggie with black beans tasted as bad as it sounds ;) My sizzling chicken fajitas were ok, but overall we left feeling we should've gone somewhere else.Damn those vegetarians - it's sooo difficult to take them anywhere! Please eat eggs, fish or seafood...else bring a picnic of straw :)
1	We found ourselves tooling through the forum shoppes one day on our recent trip to LV around lunchtime.  I had been craving Mexican, so we of course we stopped to check the mall Directory and voila!  We see La Salsa!  I was so excited!!  Little did I know............It looked so cute when we went inside and then we noticed a great outdoor patio with a bar.  I think this must be the attraction, margaritas outside, that allows them to continue to stay in the forum shoppes and make money.  B/c our food was dire, bland, tasteless and all around the worst Mexican food I have ever had.And I do not say this lightly, I truly am the last person to be overly critical b/c every restaurant can have a bad day.  But this food was insipid and terrible-- PLEASE do not eat here.  There are so many other options, I wish we had taken one of them instead.
1	I got sick from their food.I should have read their yelp reviews before deciding to have lunch here.My girlfriend got the fish tacos and asked for no cheese (lactose intolerant). They brought the dish out with cheese. So we apologized and let them know that she is is allergic to cheese and needed the dish to be remade. The server said, "ok, we'll make a new dish"A few minutes later, they brought the dish out. It had one sliver of cheese on it and messy sauce on top. They had just removed the cheese instead of making a new dish!!So we notified the manager. If she just didn't like cheese or couldn't have it for a silly reason, we would have let it pass. But, she cannot have the slightest bit of dairy... so we took it seriously. I don't recommmend this place. Go get an Auntie Anne's pretzel instead :)
3	We stopped here for a quick dinner on Saturday night...the place was empty! Now, I'm use to the La Salsa back in San Diego that is a fast food place, so this seemed pretty pricey to me for basically the same food. My husband had the Fajita Quesadilla and I had the chicken burrito. Both we good but not excellent. We also ordered the chips and salsa (which I hated paying $2.50 for...who doesn't give free chips!!) and I had a strawberry margarita which was decent. It was an okay dinner, but not worth the $$!
1	Blech. Similar to some of my other Vegas reviews, this place will unfortunately be subject to scrutiny over the one thing I ordered from it. My friends and I all got the $20 giant margaritas (which are about 17" tall, for those curious), and we all regretted it. Extremely heavy on the syrup and not heavy at all on the liquor. No one finished their drink, and we all stopped taking gulps of grossly sour slush at about the same point in our enormous souvenir cups. And the sad thing was, we weren't even buzzed in the slightest to show for it. So even though you see folks strutting around with their huge margaritas...your money is better spent elsewhere =).
3	Came here after shopping because me and my friends we're starving! The food was alright and it was kinda weird how they charged extra for chips and salsa because usually restuarants give that stuff for free. The waiters were pretty nice me and my friends were pretty loud and some were buzzed! Cute place but the food is just average.
1	This - like most things I found on the Vegas strip - was watered down, fake, and overpriced. There was a supposed happy hour. What's that you say? You'd like a margarita? You'd like a happy hour margarita? Oh you can only have that if it's frozen. Wait, what? I can only get a 'happy hour' priced margarita if it's frozen, if I get the exact same drink on the rocks it's $6 extra? Wtf. Just so you can cheat me out of alcohol? Lame. The drinks were horrible, watered down, and not worth any money really. The food was bland. We had to pay of course for salsa and chips. Our server was nice but not necessarily attentive.All in all though - what can you really expect from a chain mexican restaurant in ceasars palace? I should have known what we were getting into.
2	Damn, this place is overpriced. I got two burritos and a couple of drinks and the bill was $65!!!! Are you kidding me?? Then, I ordered a yard drink to go, and I swear, there was NO alcohol in it. I am a lightweight so I should have been drunk drinking the entire thing, but I drank it and didn't get drunk. Really?? The upside of this place is that the servers are really nice and the food is decent, but everything else about this place pissed me off.
2	Not only is this place ridiculously overpriced for the campy Miracle Mile, but it's thoroughly mediocre. I ordered a carnitas burrito which tasted like steamed chicken and tomato paste. The tortilla had the consistency of moist clay...very unappetizing for the price. Adding insult to injury, three waiters kept pressuring me with questions the entire time; "Would you like another drink, sir?" "Isn't there anything else we can get for you, sir?" Their cloying attitude made me feel like I was at a strip mall theme restaurant, but what else can one expect with a description like "Mexican fare." Indeed, that's exactly what you'll get here: far below "cuisine" and just short of "food."
4	Hmm... all less than 3 stars huh... I wonder if this is the same one I am talking about. But regardless... they get 4 from me cause I bought one drink... ya you know those tall ones - Yard Stick. Yaaa... that one. And it had me buzzing. Thank you Miss Brandi for such a magnificent drink. Never had I tasted such a powerful and pungent Long Island Iced Tea. Viva La Salsa Cantina!
4	I got those Yard drink things.  I was super happy. I got a great vegetarian burrito and side of rice bean beans.  I was quite content.4 stars instead of 5? The price KILLED me.  For how much I paid, I could have fed a family of 3 for everywhere else in the world.  But it is Las Vegas.
2	Well I had my heart set on mexican one evening when we were in Vegas. My husband and I decided to try La Salsa Cantina. I had the burrito while he had the chimichunga. We both drank margaritas and lets just say that they margaritas were SOOOO much better than the food. We have a local mexican chain here in town (Columbus) that is SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much better than this place. I was really disappointed. It almost seemed like they forgot to season the food at La Salsa Cantina. What a disappointment in food and price.  Also, the food is WAY overpriced here too. Go elsewhere!!!
5	Breakfast for $4.95. Two eggs. Two pieces of bacon. Some grilled potatoes and two flour tortillas.Within walking distance of Planet Hollywood. Probably the best combination for two hungover San Diegans waking up from a long night of drinking, dancing and starting trouble!
4	In addition to eating at the other location, we also visited this location twice in early September.  We only had drinks and snacks here in the evening.  I had margaritas, made w/ patron for $7.99.  They were very good drinks.  We had chips and salsa w/ them.  They were good and not too pricy.  They were bottomless so they just hit the spot w/ our drinks.  We had the same server twice.  He was a very nice guy.  I checked out the menu and want to have dinner here sometime.  I had breakfast at the other location and it was great.
1	Paying $18 for THE worst burrito i've ever had?  my fault.Inexcusably horrible service for an hour and a half?  your fault. Don't get it twisted, get Chipotle.
4	* I don't know if this is the page for the La Salsa that I went to, since there is another one on Yelp nearby. *For something on the Strip, expect it to be pricey, of course. However, a sign outside that said "2 FOR 1 CORONAS" caught my eye, so that drew me in. The prices are a bit higher than I would normally pay for Mexican food. However, the food was seemingly a lot better than I had expected. The burrito ranchero I ordered burst with the fillings when I cut into it. I got it with carnitas, which I am glad I did, because the meat was great. In the end, our group ordered three entrees and 4 Coronas for the price of 2, and our bill was just under $60. I guess we got lucky and got the better quality service, because I really can't complain about anything during our visit.
2	**Went May 31st**This place was ok, food was quickly made service was alright. I didn't like my burrito much, it made my tummy hurt, I really enjoyed my soda & the nachos could have been MUCH better; I've had better at Denny's. I'd skip it next time more than likely.
1	I feel sorry for anyone that eats the breakfast here. In a hungover state, my friend and I were lured in by the "$3.95 Breakfast Special" as we passed by this place at Planet Hollywood. We were seated right away and was surrounded by the generic "cantina" atmosphere. I had a gut feeling the "$3.95" special wouldn't taste good so I took a chance with the steak n' eggs. It took them 20+minutes to get our orders with no apology. My dish had no soul, it was tasteless and disgusting. She asked me three times if I wanted a refill on my Bailey's and Coffee within a span of 5 minutes. Place is awful, you guys should try harder if you want to keep on paying that overhead to stay at Planet Hollywood.
1	Kids wanted Mexican......sooooo glad we got a discount offer for this place. I would've been UPSET if I had to pay full price for their "mexican food."  I know it's a chain, but it wasn't good at all.....  Service SUCKED!  Had to wait to be seated.......wait to get drinks ordered........wait to get food ordered.  Our server was MIA, someone else took our order & brough it out to us.  Other staff got our drinks....our server only checked on us once or twice.  We were starving.....ate what we could and left!  Never will we go back!! Sooooo many better places to try.....stay away!!
1	I love Mexican food but customer service is horrible so I tend to avoid it now. I hate being ignored especially when you only have a few minutes to eat. The staff is plain rude, we went to Blondie's accross the street, service was still slow but the waitresses are quite friendly.
3	Stopping at this place for quick and cheap frozen margaritas was exactly what we needed after walking around for a few hours in the desert heat. We only stopped in because we got a card for 2 for 1 frozen drinks during happy hour. I can't complain - the outdoor bar had mist spraying each of the chairs at the bar and 2 margaritas were $10 - you can't beat that in Vegas!
2	This was was just ok. Not particularly great. I think Rubio's and Baja Fresh are way better thant his place and have much cheaper prices. BUT.. I had been stubborn to try this place many times b/c of the great music that I hear them playing at the location on the strip. However, on this day about 2 wks ago we were walking the miracle mile shops at hours when they shops were actually open! LOL. We alwys end up here to get a refill for my drink @ Fat Tuesdays when I feel like being a tourist. PHOTOS: You cant seem to go to a rest. on the strip w/out beign offered a photo. Well here they took a complimentry photo of us and then offered to sell us a larger one for amt. I think around $10 each. Um, no thanks. I'm @ La Salsa.. not Top of the World or the Paris restaurant.APPETIZER: Well the chips and salsa is what we ordered. My bf jokingly said... we ordered "CHIPS and salsa...not broken pieces and salsa" Every chip was broken!! IT was like they gave us the crumbs at the bottom of the santitas bag that everyone throws away b/c its not worth trying to find one that you can actually use to pick up any salsa. And IF you do manage to get some you end up w/ it all over ur fingers. BLah!ENTREE: I ordered the avocado chicken enchilada. which is new on the menu. it tasted ok.. but the chicken wasnt shredded like I thought it would be = and the avocado was basically whole. I asked the waiter if the guacamole had onions, he said yes. SO. I asked for it on the side. He brought it and to my surprise..delightfully, it had no onions! yay!!!! IT was delicious. way good. thats why they get 2 stars. no thanks to my uninformative waiter. and the dish said that it came with red or green chile sauce. I asked for red. My dish came with neither. VERY DRY.So. the took my plate away and gave me a new one that had sauce. just enough to be painted on. well it was better than no sauce. We didnt order any drinks b/c at those prices and calories, didnt really feel like I needed any. that.. and we'd already shared a cookie @ toll house down the isle..and wow. .that was a million times better than this place! In fact that was the highlight of the day that afternoon... :) try the cookie!
2	The only reason I give this 2 stars is because the food was pretty good. Now the bad. First my friend and I sat at the bar to get something to eat, sat there about ten minutes, the bartender didn't even look at us. but we were there so we just opted to get a table instead. It was about 10:50 and we wanted lunch food.  WRONG. lunch there, for whatever reason, doesn't start until 11:00 on the dot. What's up with that??? and also once we got a table, it took a while to have a waitress come over to take our order. I will not be going there again.
2	I went here as opposed to the food court next door to it on the strip but was not in love by any means. The food was very mediocre. My party and I got two cali burritos and a two taco plate. It was medium priced which is expected for a place on the las vegas strip. The burritos had hardly any avocado and were just not that good. They charged us for a small thing of salsa and the meals came with no chips. Service was lacking, our waitress was blah, a very unenthusiastic guy asked to take a picture of us as some promotion (way to try get money), and the ambiance was poor. At first glance it seemed cool, lots on the wall, but we were seated in a booth that had almost no lighting. The music was random also, it didn't set the mood at all. It wasnt a one star experience, it was just far farfarrrrr from amazing. Wouldn't go back and am surprised its there.
1	This one was located at the Miracle Mile. The service was great. We were seated quickly and the waitress was nice, but.....   I ordered the fish tacos.  Never again.  I was served two tacos with one over overcooked tiny fish stick in each taco. Even the rice and beans were awful. I've had better Rice a Roni spanish rice.For good cheap fish tacos go to Rubios !!!!
5	I did not eat here but boy oh boy did I drink here I think I had two of the tall drinks twice/day while staying in Vegas & I only wanted them from La Salsa The bartenders made them fast & strong each time Not to mention after making the drink they put extras shots of tequila in them to top things off! Now that's my kind of bar, the drinks were around $16 but kept me staggering all night long I should have just came here instead of buying drinks at some club that barely uses alcohol in their drinks at all Remember in Vegas a little tip goes a long way & also gets you a lot of tequila shots
4	Stopped in here on a tuesday in january for a yard drink. The bartender was awesome, just a really nice and cool genuine chick. She poured us two strong margos in the yard cups. My girlfriend had a blended mango margo and I went for the top shelf on the rocks. We also had an order of nachos. The bill came out to around $55 with a tip. I was not expecting much from this place and it turned out to be a great value. Those yard drinks are prolly like 5-6 regular drinks so for 16-20 bucks its a great deal. One negative would be the hostess who what quite the little prissy b***ch I felt like throwing my yard margo on her. Theres bad apples everywhere.
4	I would give it 5 stars, but we only ate chips & salsa. We stopped here however because we saw a sign for a $5 bloody mary. We went in to the bar & found ourselves being waited on by Brandon, whom had worked there for 5 years. He was super friendly & made us killer drinks as well as provided us with some good conversation & entertainment. He also gave us great information on where we should go out & where not to waste our time. He deserves his tips by far!
3	It is quite difficult to find reasonably priced, good quality food on the Las Vegas strip. La Salsa Cantina is one decent option. The food is fairly good, I had the fajita burrito which is a nice variation from your typical burrito. The service and drinks leave a bit to be desired unfortunately.
3	Nothing special.  That's about it.  I had a craving for some nachos - average.  My husband had the enchladas - again, average.  I tried a pina colada - super average.  The service - not so great.  We went for lunch.  It wasn't crowded.  In fact, I didn't see many people.  And yet it was hard to get the waitress to the table.
4	Good service at the bar and the food is good too.
2	Maybe because, I'm from San Diego? I dunno I went here for a brunch, and it is a bar as well as a resturant, but the food just lacked. It wasn't even the hole in the wall mexican good, it was the good to Walmart buy a taco kit and some eggs n' call it a day. They have a large drinking "glass" that you can get yourself plastered with, but it's just . .  eh, the only thing entertaining is some of the decor and people watching.
2	meh. I've experienced better. My annual trip to Vegas always includes 8:01 am trips to La Salsa for their breakfast. And by breakfast, I mean 99 cent bloody mary's. And by 99 cent bloody mary's, I mean cups of ice and vodka and watery bloody mary mix that keeps me going for another few hours before passing out around noon after the The food is nothing fantastic, but let's be serious when I am still awake at 8 am, (and by awake, I mean wastedface) I am not in the mood for 5 star dining! All I need is hot food, zero waiting time, and 99 cent bloody mary's. For the breakfast prices, the food is definitely not bad. Most of it is pretty decent, just bland. The mary's are also very bland, it's more like tomato juice and vodka. But, there is enough vodka to satisfy me, and plenty of cholula on the table to make it tasty!Like I said, price-wise, breakfast is awesome. Under 7 bucks for just about everything, and good portions. Lunch and dinner are definitely more expensive, but not bad compared to other strip restaurants. If you're staying at Planet Hollywood, or are in the Miracle Mile shops, come here for a good breakfast deal. If you are not in the vicinity.. go somewhere else. But, all this being said..  I come here just about every day, on every vegas trip. :)
1	WOWWWWWW. This place sucked. Simply put, this place charges way too much money for low-quality food.I hate that this is the first place I've reviewed that is forcing me to give it a one-star rating. I almost wanted to give it two stars because the carnitas in my tacos was pretty good, but the rest of the food and the entire experience was pretty underwhelming.My boyfriend ordered the chicken fajita quesadilla appetizer and he said he had about two pieces of chicken in it. He was really disappointed with the taste.I ordered the Two Tacos platter of carnitas. The tacos were all right, nothing special. I reeeeally tried to eat the rice and beans, but it was not happening. I tried eating them over and over and the taste kept putting me off. They just tasted so inauthentic and old.I also ordered the almost $3 chips and salsa (I don't know why I paid for chips and salsa -_-) and those were just mediocre. Everything I ate pretty much tasted like it had been microwaved a million times or had that inauthentic store-bought taste. Bleghhh.That's all we ordered and the total was almost $30. Luckily we drank water, but if we had ordered soft drinks or anything more expensive our total would have been at least $35. It was REALLY badly overpriced.The service wasn't great, either. Nothing to rave or rant about.I feel like I work hard for my dollar and I was so sorry I had wasted so much money in one place.I will not go here again and I would not recommend this place.
3	Ehhh the one good thing about this place is their location if you dine outside, people watching through the Miracle Mile.We came here right after doing dune buggies and we were starved. We were kind of disappointed when we heard they were only serving breakfast, but we dealt. Both ordered the Mexican Scrambled [My friend who is Mexican makes it soooo much better!] but it was satisfying enough.Now, the drinks. We had come here for drinks a few days before and they were good. But that morning, I ordered a Mimosa and he ordered a Bloody Mary. We shouldnt have expected much coming from a Tex Mex restaurant, but really.. how can you mess up a mimosa?! its only champagne and orange juice... mind you, their orange juice had PULP. Ugh. Ive had plenty of mimosa's and never had pulp in it. Maybe Im wrong, I dont know. And his Bloody Mary was veryyy very ketchupy [Working in the restaurant business, I have made plenty of Bloody Marys and they never tasted like that] But all in all, if you want somewhere to eat thats convenient with decent food, I guess you could go here. But I heard Cabo Wabo is better [wishh we would have went there]
2	Meh.  Mediocre Mexican.  Overpriced, naturally.  The queso dip's pretty solid.  The baja shrimp tacos were rather tasty, but they're by no means jumbo shrimp.  The fish tacos weren't too great.  Pretty sure the fish was mahi-mahi, but it was hella overcooked and the seasoning just wasn't working...
3	OK, so here's an example of a place not being quite as bad as the reviews... if you order the right thing.Hungover (I'm sensing a theme here), we headed across the street to La Salsa. Ordered some nachos... not bad and then decided to share the beef fajitas (the server's recommendation).  Really good. Surprisingly awesome, actually. I was shocked. The beef was super tender and really flavorful. Though I wouldn't exactly rush back to La Salsa Cantina (service was OK, drinks were OK, the whole experience was "OK"), I would order the beef fajitas again if they were guaranteed to be as wicked good as they were on this occasion. Maybe that's the hangover talking. I dunno. Definitely good eats though.
3	We ate here for breakfast. Restaurant was half full. Food was good but it took about 20 mins to get it out. In addition waitress was not responsive.
5	Margs are expensive, but so is everything else in Vegas. They are heaven in a cheap plastic cup...
4	I went to this restaurant after a long day's travel with my girlfriend and a bit of shopping at the Miracle Mile.  I had been there in the past.  Once again, I was not disappointed.  I had the Taco Salad, it was fresh, cold and crisp.  My girlfriend had Taquito Sunrises which were also very good.  The ambiance was nice as we had a table near the mall's water fountain.  The music a little loud at times, but if you like to be in a little action out of the heat, this a good place to be.  Service was just right, the server was polite and courteous.We each had a drink and main dish for less than $40 for both of us.  If you are looking for good Mexican food with no frills and good service, this is a place to go.
3	We were starving so we just headed into La Salsa. It was pretty good. I got the Mexican Pizza appetizer with shrimp. The pizza was pretty big for an appetizer too. The shrimp wasn't that good. The service was friendly and fast. We ordered 4 shots of patron, they brought us something else that tasted like Jose Cuevo. Probably wouldn't come back to a La Salsa in Vegas.
4	This place is our breakfast spot when staying at Planet Hollywood. For 4 dollars you get 2 eggs, bacon (or ham or sausage), potatos, and tortillas (before 11 am). Our server was really nice and the food tasted good enough. The coffee however, was pretty terrible. Totally watered down. I also had dinner here before. I had the shrimp fajitas and they were pretty good. If you stick with the basic you'll be fine. Easy and quick place to eat.
1	I was in the mood for Mexican and immediately when I saw this place, my boyfriend and I decided to check it out.  We both were disappointed.  First, our waitress took awhile to ask us what we wanted to drink.  Then, we stated we needed additional time to look at the menu and I kid you not, she gave us 30 second (no joke) and came back to see if we were ready.  We stated no, we needed a few minutes, and she came back 1 minute later, and we just kinda looked at her confused, why was she rushing us to order?Then, we made our decision, closed our menus and waited over 15 minutes for her to take our order (and the restaurant was not business).You have to pay for Chips and Salsa - which was so-so.  I ended up ordering a Steak Burrito and it came with Rice/Beans.  The rice and beans were not tasty and the burrito was stuffed with the same rice and beans and barely any meat.  Did not enjoy.  Also, our waitress never came to the table to ask us for refills or even for the bill.  After finishing our meal, we probably waited 15-20 minutes before flagging her down asking for the bill.  Mind you it still was not busy.  I will definitely not be back to this restaurant.
5	Ate dinner here on a Saturday night.  Their customer service was fantastic.  Had the nachos as a starter and they were pretty good as far as nachos go.  Dinner was DELICIOUS!!.  I had a burrito with roasted carnitas and green chile sauce on top.  My aunt had enchiladas with green chile sauce on top.  Both came with rice and beans (I had pinto).I would like to go here again and bring my husband.  They have a fun food challenge.  If you can finish their yard margarita and giant burrito, you get a t-shirt.  Even if you can't finish it, the meal is a great deal.  Not sure if they would let you order and split, forfeiting the challenge, but would be worth a try.
4	Super fast, decently priced and pretty delicious. It's not gourmet but it's certainly not fast food and I've always had a delicious meal served promptly. Lots of options for vegetarians, each clearly marked on the menu, and the servers are surprisingly knowledgeable and accommodating when it comes to dietary restrictions.All around great place for a quick bite that won't blow your budget.
3	Quick service and average prices for drinks.  $9 for a shot of henny isn't great, but according to Vegas prices, they're not bad.Added star for the cool video gambling at the bar area.
3	Middle of the pack food with inflated prices thanks to its location. The margaritas tasted great but left us to ordering if they forgot to add the Tequila. I'd suggest sticking to the appetizers since they're more than big enough as a meal and relatively reasonably priced.
3	Came here for something to absorb all the booze we drank throughout the evening. We settled on nachos & were told by our friendly waiter that it was big enough to share. It sure was!It really hit the spot for us and we were glad that we picked here to eat.I would come back since the nachos were very good and the people watching was even better!
2	Overpriced average mexican american food.I already had my reservations about coming here but we wanted some easy mexican food and were too hungry to venture far.  Since this is a la salsa cantina they have a nice setup and drinks but we were only here to eat.  Nothing that really stands out on the menu so most of us ended up with our choice of meat on fajitas.  You only get 2 tortillas with your fajitas which I know is the norm for them but I think is pretty dumb.  Might as well make me two tacos and call it a day.Fajita Steak - very weak thin slices of beef not sure how you can pass that off as steak.Fajita Chicken - decently tender and juicy not dried out Fajita Pork - shredded pork with pretty good flavor, best out of the meats we had.Food was average and pretty much what I expected from here.  I am picky about mexican food and prefer a taco street vendor or socal taqueria over the fluffed up american joints.  Overpriced in general and with so much great food around the area really just not worth it.
3	Not a bad place. Food was good, environment was nice. Music messed it up alittle though. I really don't think playing yellow submarine in a Mexican food restaurant is authentic especially when it looked like that's the theme they were going for. Servers are ok but all over the place. All in all not bad.
4	Good Mexican place in the Planet Hollywood shops.  Food was quite good.   It was a bit odd that they charged extra for some more salsa.  Would eat at again.
3	A good $4 breakfast special and 99 cent bloody marys. If you want cheap, decent, and relatively quick this is a good place. If you want indulgent, head over to Hash House A Go Go or one of the better breakfast buffets.
4	we stopped by here on the way out of the miracle mile shops on our last day.  the food was really tasty, i had a carne asada burrito and it was a really good buritto.  prices didnt' seem too steep in my opinion, typical sit down mexican restaurant prices ($13ish for the burrito).  they do have the 50 ounce margaritas in the tall vegas type cup, but it is kinda pointless to pay that much for it when it only has 3 shots of alcohol in it (we asked the bartender).  better off spending the money at fat tuesday and getting extra shots of everclear for a dollar.  but the food was good, portions were large so we were happy
2	We only came here because everyone was hungry and the prices at Cheeseburger (a close by restaurant) looked a little high.Turns out the prices at this place are higher and the food was probably not as good as it would have been if we went somewhere else!I wasn't very hungry so I just got a Mexican Pizza (appetizer).  I paid way too much (over $10) for a burnt, flavorless pizza.  Taco Bell has better food than this place!!I wouldn't go back!!!  And I don't recommend anyone else go!
1	Went here on a Sunday afternoon.  Waitress took order and brought drinks.  Did not offer refills (or really come back to our table) until the bill was presented.  Ordered a burrito that was $1 worth of meat and cheese, a greasy tortilla, and some black beans.  If you ask for salsa, they will charge you a buck for it (but not tell you until you get the bill).  The food is waaay overpriced, and I would avoid it like the sickness that you will most likley get in the form of food poisoning (which most of our party did.. since we did not have anything else that day to eat or drink except our meal here).  AVOID THIS PLACE!!!
3	Was out with a party of four looking to kill an hour before a show at the nearby V Theater. This place fit the bill. We just wanted drinks and appetizers and that's what we got.The decor in this place is kinda weird. Holes in the drywall, chairs and tables splattered with paint, not exactly the look of a Mexican cantina unless you want it to look like it's under construction.Service was good. We were seated right away. The hostess, waiter, and 100 year old busboy were friendly and helped add to the atmosphere. My wife and I split a couple pitchers of Dos Equis they had on special for 12.95. Our guests had a couple top shelf margaritas that they said were "top shelf" and the prices were good compared to other Mexican cantinas in Vegas. We also split a Cantina sampler that was a mixed bag. It was nachos, quesadillas, taquitos and chicken wings. The wings were small but had good flavor. The quesedillas were tasty (my wife and I devoured them), and the taquitos weren't bad, similar to what I've had at Chili's. The nachos? um, no. These tasted as if they were served earlier in the evening, sat out on someone else's table for an hour or so, brought back to the kitchen and microwaved before serving to us. Seriously, these were bad. Some of the nachos were soggy and cold, others were still warm but dried out. When we got the check we noticed they charged for chips and salsa. Really? Before we could sit down we were asked if we wanted chips and salsa on the table. Ok. sure. Would you also like guacamole? sure. When we killed the bowl of chips they asked if we wanted more. Sure!  So we got charged for 2 orders of chips and salsa plus guacamole. I can understand the guacamole, apparently it is a standard upcharge in Vegas cantinas but chips and salsa? Everywhere else we have tried, they have been free. Some places just seem desperate to make a buck.The bathroom needed to be cleaned and I noticed several dirty tables toward the back of the restaurant that no one bothered to clear off while we were there. I am guessing the 100 year old busboy was still making his way there. That did not help add to the atmosphere.Would I stop here again? Yes. I would avoid the nachos though.
2	The $3.95 breakfast special is what called out to us as we walked down the strip... we we're all for it but what ruined this place for me was their DISGUSTING coffee.  The server told me prior that it was colombian coffee but I can't believe it because it was the most horrid, watered down coffee I've had in such a long time.  I tried it both hot and iced mind you.  The breakfast on the other hand was pretty good but theres no way in hell I'd return.  Breakfast and coffee go together like a hand and glove - they need to improve this situation pronto if their charging close to $3 a cup!   PS- There is a Starbucks right next store to save you if need be.  Good luck folks...
3	I would not go here if you're looking for some delicious and authentic Mexican food because you won't find it here. The food was decent but overpriced (but hey it's Vegas). I got the sampler appetizer plate to share with a friend which basically had all the appetizers they offer on it. It wasn't that great. My other friend got the chips and guacamole...worst I've ever had at a restaurant which was shocking since they bragged about it so much on the menu. Don't care to ever go back.
2	Yeah, 2-3 stars describes the food1 star for the prices4.5-5 describes our server Aracely
3	Ate dinner here a couple times and was unimpressed with it both times.  Super Americanized Mexican food at Vegas prices.  BUT I do go back every time for a dreamsicle.  By far, my favorite drink in Vegas.  You can just go up to the bar and order it to go.  They also have a branch in the mall next to Planet Hollywood.  The La Salsa outside of The Forum Shops does not serve dreamsicles though.  Sad.
4	The margaritas are some of the best I've ever had.  The burrito was perfect, I devoured it.  We ate here several times during our stay.
3	This La salsa is located inside of the Planet HollywoodI've only been here once @ lunch time, i got the Grande Burrito w/ carnitas, with rice and black beans. it tasted fine, tho i was just going for a quick lunch and i wasn't expecting fireworks. My boyfriend got a combination plate of some sort, he however was less impressed. They charge separately for chips and salsa ($2.50) (not uncommon of the strip) and the Salas's weak and bland in flavor.I'd like to try one of their margaritas by the yard. org fruit 18.95/ top shelf 24.95 and 1.95 for an extra shot.
3	Always seem to have a good meal here! The there is nothing "Amazing" about the food, but the service is always great. The cost isn't that bad considering you are located in the heart of the strip... If your up to it, try any of the margaritas as they make a top notch drink. I do like Cabo Wabo better, but this is pretty good!
4	I LOVE THIS PLACE!! The restaurant & food is average at best, that's the SOLE reason why it didn't receive 5 stars from me. Night time is a different story! The yards (the big margarita tubes you see) are like 12 bucks & if you love Latin music or dancing Latin music, THIS IS THE PLACE TO BE! Awesome Bachata, Reggeton, Salsa, Merengue, Cumbia, you name it! I have a blast & dance my ass off every time I go & I make it a point to go each time I'm in Vegas!
2	Decent food. Server neglected us when we didn't order alcohol. No free chips and salsa. Good portions. Liked the chicken enchiladas. Overpriced but could be worse for a strip restraunt. Kinda hidden and small. Made a nice lunch. Lots of light and color in the decor.
3	This is not gourmet dining but standard average ameri-mexi food served with really great drinks. I had an Italian margarita (made with Amaretto Disaronno) and much better than tequila and small and sweet enough to really enjoy. Food was fresh and tasty but nothing really special; portions large. For instance, I had chipotle shrimp salad which had lots of fresh lettuce, corn and tomatoes and plenty of nicely spiced shrimp but the shrimp were frozen and then cooked (but not done too badly). Atmosphere is lively and the location is handy (near MGM etc.). We had to demand service as the wait staff seem overly occupied in something else but once they realized we wanted drinks and food, they moved. Probably won't go here again as it's just not good enough for the price charged (except maybe go in for a drink and the music which I understand happens later).
2	"FML"Going here makes me want to thank my parents everyday that they didn't raise me to be white trash.  Located in a mall populated with a mix of the cast of the Jersey shore, COPS, Real Housewives, and State Fairs, this restaurant will primarily appear to you if you like have never been to a Mexican restaurant other than Chipotle.     Our server was nice, but looked like she might have contracted 3 STDs before she was 18.The bigs: - The was average, even edible.  I had the baja style fresh grilled fish tacos and munched on some of the steak fajitas.  A little bland for me, but it seemed that it was prepared in the recent present and the sides were tasty.  Obviously nothing close to authentic.The diggs:-One of the worst frozen margaritas I have ever had.  It was a sweetened icy slush of artificial nothingness.  Even though it was Happy Hour cheap at $3, skip it.- They have the 48oz mini-Yard style Margaritas.  Cheap, large drinks seems to be the attraction here.  Perhaps consuming them would help to tolerate the other customers and this mall.Like everything in this gigantic mall, it is artificial, cheesy and just plain wrong.  Sigh, this party of Vegas sours the whole experience for me.  When do I fly back to NYC again?
1	I actually returned my .99c bloody mary because it was so thick and taste like ketchup. Seems like someone spilled a bottle of powdered garlic in the huevos rancheros. I also hate onions and they were in everything by the handful. Wouldn't recommend ever. My boyfriend is not picky at all and he thought it was gross too. The cheeseburger place next door had greasy breakfast but better than this!
3	went to this location this past weekend.... omg last time i was in vegas it was delicious....this time... ummm it was ok... we got there @ 10:40 am (lunch time doesnt start till 11am) by the time the waitress came it was 10:50am.... my husband ordered breakfast(he was still on time)...and my friend and i wanted lunch.... the waitress said we had to wait till 11....??? :/  its like 10 min. till 11 like blah....we had to settle for breakfast... :( the eggs were blah and the tortillas felt kinda old......  but i got my self a yard margarita(yes @ 11am)  and i didnt even get drunk :( it tasted as if it didnt have alchol boo woo :(
3	I was stranded at PH around dinner time so we went to La Salsa. I ordered a margarita on the rocks and the server informed me that there was a $3 special on frozen. Normally I'm not a fan because I feel like frozen drinks are a good way to get stiffed on alcohol but a $3 drink is a $3 drink so I got it. I appreciated him saying that there was a special going on since they don't have signs announcing their happy hours. I ordered enchiladas suizas, and like other Yelpers have said, it isn't that authentic or that great. It was edible but it wasn't a place I would recommend. Again like others have said, somewhat pricey for smallish portions. Once but not a repeat place.
1	Ok I must first say that we went here because my son in law raved about it.  I wish i would of checked yelp first. (note to self, check yelp first!)We had a group of 10, they sat us and brought out the drinks and appetizer quickly.  But that's the only positive thing I can say.  The waiter was odd or something!?!  He jumped around the table and took all the guys orders first then went back around and got the girls.  They took their time with the order which would of been fine if they had made everything correctly but two of the plates were made wrong, so my daughter decided to share with my son in law instead of waiting of a remake and the other just eat it as it was made.  The waiter gave my plate to someone else in the party and by time i received a plate and the mistake was noticed half my rice and beans were gone, and the waiter was like well they said it was their plate!!  besides everything, the food was way below average.  And the two that shared a plate were both up with their heads in the toilet most of the night.  And since we had a large group the useless waiter got a $43.00 tip automatically included in the bill.There are so many choices on the strip.  Stay clear of this place unless u just go for the happy hour drinks.  But in Vegas everybody's got happy hour...so just stay clear.
1	Avoid this place like the plague it's double the price of a regular La Salsa ( they even charge you for chips and salsa really seriously). The waitress barely spoke English and you could hardly understand her. She took the order then she was MIA she never came to check on us. To the extent that we had to get another server to refill our drinks and get the bill. LaSalsa you should be ashamed to be employing such a low caliber of employee!!!
3	Located inside the Miracle Mile Shops.  Place was hopping, nice atmoshere with TV's blaring.  Glenda was our server, very pleasant.  Service was good.  I ordered the California Burrito.  Included black beans inside.  It tasted fresh and good, but not great.  Salsa was excellent, though.Not a bad place for lunch, I may return when I go into the shops again.
5	best place on the strip for locals!! semi-cheap drinks and good music. do not eat the food here!!! no bueno.
3	Nothing great, nothing terrible. The fajitas were oh kay- nothing super tasty or amazing. Price is a bit high, but hey it's Vega$. The drinks were not my favorite. Order the $8.50 Patron Margarita for a decent tequila at a good price. However mixing that good tequila with really cheap sweet and sour mix instead of triple sec and lime makes it not so fantastic. Maybe a bit cleaner in the restaurant would make it a bit more appealing as well.
2	My friend and I went to this place over the weekend. We ordered nachos, taquitos, carne asada and a combination plate. The servers were very nice, but the service itself was quite slow. It took about 20 minutes from the time we ordered until we got the apps and then another 25 minutes from then for our meals. The food was very bland. It made me sad because the presentation was nice, so I was sure it would  be flavorful, but I was disappointed. I would recommend this place only for drinks and maybe chips and salsa. Everything was kinda boring.
3	Love the fact that there is no cover, and the music is the kind of music I dig: reggaeton, bachata, cumbia, salsa, and punta.The dance floor is very small though! A lot of people were dancing and I couldn't even get my groove on because of the constant bumping into people.  :-/-2 stars for the small dance floor!
1	Don't waste your time, go to the Costco business center and buy the same scrappy food there.
5	Excellent breakfast place. They have $.99 bloody Mary's and $3.99 breakfast specials. Really good food at cheap prices.
3	miracle miles shops at planet hollywood...circular endless walk...la salsa cantina next to the stripper bar...can't miss the gigantic womanly figure holding a pole...taking another drink break...chips and salsa complimentary...taking a mamacita margarita $nine.ninety-five...reposado tequila?...ultra smooth margarita and great taste...enjoying an afternoon rest from long vegas weekend...seated mall patio...tourist watching...people taking pictures next to the tall figure holding pole...sipping a perfect margarita...munching on chips...ahhh
3	For the family, we went to the La Salsa Cantina location located in Planet Hollywood on the main shopping level, Miracle Mile for a quick bite. The restaurant is located in the back of the mall, so it is a little bit of a walk to get back there.  The 3 of us ordered different selections and each were good.  Unlike their other location at near the M&M factory, they charge for chips and salsa.  Overall, the food was affordable and clean.  The service was okay.
4	Love the salsa selection they give you and some great queso. The fish tacos was very good. Small place and was too hot to eat outside (dead of summer) but I imagine on nicer days, that would be great.
2	This is for the La Salsa Cantina location in Planet Hollywood Casino Miracle Mile shops.I had breakfast and tried the $3.95 breakfast special, it came with eggs, bacon, and potatoes, the portion size was small, I am glad I had one biscuit with gravy on the side.  The coffee was strong and hot, the service was good since the place was not very busy, it was about 8am on a Saturday.The only drawback I saw was the hostess that seats people could have been more on the ball, there were people waiting to be seated and she was nowhere in site, since the place was not busy at all, I could see her being more courteous and helpful.  Our server was very nice and helpful though.For the price I paid, the total bill for two people was less that $20.00, I would maybe look around more next time if I was to try any of the other places in the Miracle Mile shops area that serve breakfast.
1	overpriced, small portions. There's far better food for the same price range.
1	This used to be our go-to for yardstick-length margaritas because they sold them for much cheaper than everyone else - BUT NOT ANYMORE! We pretty much paid for double this last time. I even got double shots, and didn't taste anything in mine, while my husband's was pretty strong (I think that happened last time too). It was making me sick and I ended up tossing mine. Ugh, never again!
3	Stopped in here with a group of guys during a bachelor party.Food: It's nothing special, Just Ok.Price: Expensive for that kind of food, don't drink here or you will pay for it later!The server we had couldn't split our bills in to individual bills, so she kindly told us that she had to group us together. What a bunch of bull, never heard such a thing. Then the bill comes and we had tip added on...Not much atmosphere, kind of dark, and just OK food. Service is OK.Go next door to Cheeseburger Cheeseburger....
2	Service was one step above a cafeteria, drinks were ok. My food was good but My friend got food poisoning after eating here. Beware of the re-fried beans... not only here but anywhere you eat them!
4	We've been here 3 times in the past two days. Twice for breakfast and once for drinks. The breakfast is priced just right for those that don't want to pay an arm and leg to eat. The food was great and that's what brought us back. We stopped by for drinks one night and enjoyed the atmosphere. Two locations on the strip. One in the Miracle Mile Shops and the other further down the strip. Good food and good drinks while in Vegas.
3	I had a very expensive margarita here. I just wanted the experience of walking down the street with a drink, LOL. So I chose a $21 margarita. It was good, but not the best I've had. I finished about 3/4 of it, then tossed it after it melted. Oh well. My husband had a draft Dos Equis--this was the only draft the bar had!  We were a little surprised, but he was fine with it. It looked like a nice little place to get something to eat and drink.
3	My wife and I had breakfast twice at the Miracle Mile location in Las Vegas.We both ordered the $3.95 breakfast and were happy to find one of the few places that is open for breakfast in the Miracle Mile before 8 AM - it is Vegas Baby.My wife  ordered the eggs with sausage and I had the ham variation. The sausage was a patty rather than links, which my wife prefers. Included were southwestern style potatoes and choice of corn or flour tortillas. Both breakfasts were adequate and a deal in Vegas. Service was friendly and prompt - at 7:15AM :)
2	Meh....not a huge fan of this place. Just another tex-mex style restaurant for tourists. I had the fish tacos and they came out cold. The chips and salsa were the best part of my experience. I will try out other places when I come back to Planet Hollywood.
1	This place was ridiculous! I payed almost thirty dollars for two tacos and a margerita...what the hell! AND TO MAKE MATTERS WORSE, it wasnt even busy and our server took his sweet time taking our order and at one point I saw him come out, look at us,and went back and brought me my food which was edible but for the price I payed I could have gone to a regular taco stand and fed like 3 people with what I paid for two tacos! Then I had to wait almost half an hour for the bill which by the way I only got because the manager happened to walk by and asked if we needed something. Mediocre food, poor service, and really over priced for what you get.
4	Wanted Mexican food and have eaten at the one in Planet Hollywood and loved it.  This one was not as good as the one in PH, but it was good.  We ordered chips and salsa for the table, which came with 4 different salsas.  I liked the mild and hot red salsas the best.  The food everyone got was great.  Service was quick, ambiance was a little boring inside where we ate.
1	This establishment is located in the Miracle Mile of Shops at Planet Hollywood.  Service was alright, food was ok, pricing was horrible.  I had the Mexican scramble which consisted of diced potatoes, tortillas and a very small amount of chorizo con egg.  When I say small amount-small amount for a couple of mouthfuls for $8 plus worth of food.  I really hate being taken advantage of on portion-pricing.  We will not make any more stops at this particular La Salsa.....
1	Skip this place!!!Strawberry margarita is in a 16oz glass that's $13 and just tasted like a sugary strawberry slushy. I asked where the alcohol was and the waitress just said its because you ordered strawberry flavored. Ummm, no. She wanted to charge $1 extra for another shot. So, I just cancelled and ordered water. My food: a flavorless steak taco with a chicken enchilada that tasted like it was frozen. Overall: overpriced and most importantly not good! :(
4	Its took almost 3 years, but I finally made it back to Vegas and got La Salsa Cantina's famous mango margarita.  The drink was $11, but for the size and taste it was well worth it.
4	Since its located in the Miracle Mile mall and we stayed at the Elara which is connected the the mall we ate here a few times for breakfast since it was good and cheap. Breakfast special has 2 eggs any way, a meat (bacon, sausage, etc) hashed potatoes, and tortilas. The get you with the drink prices though. $3 for a juice. Huband had the steak burrito one morning and he said it was very good to. Waitstaff isn't always helpful or friendly, but some of them were.
2	This is adequate, typical, American Mexican. If you're passing by jonesing for a margarita and a fish taco or a burrito... step right up. But if you want something really Mexican... this is not the place. To it's credit it is one of the more reasonably priced places in the Planet Hollywood complex.
5	The $3.95 breakfast and $.99 bloody Mary's pulled us in. It was very good. We ate breakfast for $13 which is awesome on Vegas! Food was tasty. Service was wonderful! For breakfast, its a good decision!
4	Order the Taco Salad! It's delicious. The shell is crispy and delicious. The prices aren't bad either.
5	Manny is a great bartender!.
4	Great place to go to if you want mexican food in vegas! Staff is friendly and the food is good. Try to get their before 11 am for their breakfast special. Their breakfast is really good!
1	How are you going to name a resturant LA SALSA and charge for chips and salsa. The one and only mexican restaurant I have been to that charges for chips and salsa. The one with THAT name should be the first to not charge for chips and salsa.So don't go to NO SALSA!! It's the principal...
1	Horrible horrible food nasty mexican american food they brung the food to the tables saying be careful the plate is hot. Yes the plate was scorching hot but the food was cold. Boyfriend wanted chicken taquitos they told us we have to wait until 11am to order them this was at 9am I wont return here the service was great as well as the food
2	La Salsa in California is a take out fast food type place that at least has a self serve salsa bar with a few 'fresh' salsa choices. My friends and I ate at La Salsa Cantina on the strip and couldn't believe our quesadillas came with chips and sour cream...but no salsa. We asked for salsa and it appeared we had asked for shredded black truffles so we said we'll take an order of chips and salsa; that seemed to compute better and btw also costs $2.95. Problem solved? No! We finally got salsa and we all ate it at the same time and said the same thing....' It tastes like a jar of salsa from the supermarket'. Come on now! The name of the establishment has the word salsa in it!!!!
1	The only reason I am giving it 1 star is because of the service. Food is definitely overpriced at about $20 plate. Drinks are fairly overpriced averaging about $15 a pop (I am factoring in this is La Salsa and not some high end club). Food tasted like flavorless wannabe Mexican food. Don't go there unless you have to. It's not like your traditional La Salsa, it's the red headed step child that no one wants.
2	We have been in Vegas since Sunday and this was the second time we ate here. I was pretty skeptical because of the reviews but by the time I saw them, we'd already been seated inside.Trip 1 was for dinner. The restaurant was pretty empty but the service was excellent and so was the food. I had a chicken fajita burrito with rice and beans on the side. It was delicious. I thought the reviews were wrong. The only negative was the pricing seemed a little high. Wellllll, trip 2 was the absolute opposite experience. We went for breakfast this time. They drew us in with 99 cent bloody marys. They were good... Had to order doubles so they came in a standard glass and not a kiddie cup.  The service was slow (and slow is being nice). Our waitress was horrible. It took at least 10 minutes for her to even come over after we were seated. We ordered our drinks and she asked for our IDs. I was having trouble finding mine in my purse and our drinks came out before she came back to look at the ID which I thought was funny. It should have been a clue as to how "on top of things" she'd be. Anyway, we ordered food and once the food came, she brought our bill, told us to let her know if we needed anything else, and scurried off before we could order another round and ask her to separate our checks.  She didn't come back for at least 15 minutes and that's no exaggeration. At that point, she tried to take our bill -- which had no payment in it because we weren't finished. We ordered our second round and requested out bills be separated. The waitress told us that she would need to find the manager to do that and acted as if it was a major inconvenience.Again, she didn't come back for about 15 minutes. In the mean time, I watched her dig in the trash can on two separate occasions looking for things she'd thrown away.... Who knows if she washed her hands. She finally saw me staring at her and I guess she remembered we needed our bills. She brought them and since I paid with my card, she wanted to see my ID again. I really couldn't have gotten out of there any faster.  It was a terrible experience.The only reason I rated this place two stars and not one was because of the dinner experience.
5	Idk why this place has such a bad rating. I would never come here for a romantic dinner, but for a quick lunch this place was perfect! Of course the prices are high it's right on the strip, but they have a Groupon that helped. They also have someone come around and take a picture of your table, you get a free postcard pic even if you don't buy the framed pic they try to sell you. Not that exciting but it was fun. The food was good and they breaded the fish for my tacos even tho it wasn't on the menu. Plus I heard they have 99 cent bloody Mary's for breakfast, what!
1	With the restaurant more than half empty during dinner service, I would expect service to be exceptionally faster. After we were seated, we waited for the wait staff to offer us a drink (which is instantaneous in most restaurants) or ask what we'd like to eat. We got neither after waiting more than 5 minutes. We then left.
4	We were extremely happy with our meals and the cost... considering that it was on the strip, the price was fantastic! Great happy hour special! (Discovered a 20% off with a fourstar check into the mall) Guacamole was great, fajitas had great flavor.. just enough heat for me, but my man was able to enjoy dinner without calling them wimpy. (Shrimp was a little overcooked) Hector the manager was fantastic as well as Aracely our server!
5	Favorite Mexican food restaurant on the strip. Great service, great prices!! Try the chicken nachos :)
4	So we come here all the time not for the food but drink specials are great considering its the strip. Food is ok chicken enchiladas and fish tacos are good if your hungry... but drinks are great and the Bartenders very nice Brandon is the man. We always have a fun time here! Stop by and meet some loco locals and get a reasonably priced happy hour drink 3pm to 7pm.  Love it!!
4	Okay, it's vegas and this is basically a chain.  That said it's a great place to people watch, as they stoll about the Miricle Mile Shops.  We've been here a few times the food is good, although not ground-breaking, as are the margaritas.  if you go off peak hours, esp weekdays, we've typically been able to get a table along the railing.
3	Came here for a quick meal before a night of partying it up =DOverall enjoyed the food.  Service started out great but ended after we got our food.  No one checked in one us for the last half hour of our meal, and had to flag down someone to ask for our check.  The food was pretty expensive for a 'la salsa' restaurant, but that may have been because we were in Vegas (prime location - inside the Miracle Mile Shoppes).  We paid approximately $90 including tip for 2 entrees, and 2 drinks which is pretty unreasonable for a fast food chain restaurant.Other than the price, and the long wait for our check...everything else was satisfactory.
4	La Salsa Cantina is buried in the back of the Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile Shops, but they have great breakfast specials before noon--$3.99 for 2 eggs, potatoes, choice of meat and 2 tortillas and $0.99 bloody marys. The food is simple, but hearty, and the bloody mary is fine (it is only 8 ounces, but for this prices you can get a few).We were able to get a seat in the open area at the front of the restaurant, which offers good views of the people passing by, the sport's bar across the walkway, and the small fountain that is choreographed to music. The atmosphere is loud...since you are right by the walkway, but it is very good people watching.Our service was fine--very quick for as busy as they were and, when asked about a spicy bloody, he brought us extra hot sauce.I wish I would have discovered this place earlier in my visit to Las Vegas...a great place to start the day and save some cash.
2	nice lil spot if you come with someone who like to dance to salsa..... not my favorite spot in the world .... I was not to fond of the way they speak to guest I know they deal with a lot of drunk ass people but you should still have a sense of good character... Tips: go to the bar and order yourself , waitresses are rude and take forever to get you served.
3	Had the $3.95 breakfast and was very happy with it.  The special runs til noon every day, including weekends.  It's 2 eggs, breakfast potatoes, 2 warm tortillas and your choice of breakfast meat. Kind of hard to beat.  They also have $1 small bloody mary's before noon.  Our server was slow but he did have a lot of tables.  Our food took longer than the table beside us, even though we'd ordered a good 5-10 minutes before them...but I can't complain about the food portion size, which was generous, and the very cheap price.  It was a tasty, standard breakfast, and I'd recommend it for those traveling through.  I can't speak to the lunch or dinner items though...
3	Cheap Breakfast!  Okay, so the coffee isn't great, and the food isn't awesome, but for the price, 2 eggs, meat, taters and tortillas (as opposed to toast), I'm not going to complain a whole lot, except about the coffee.  The coffee was pretty bad and had to be doctored with cream/sugar pretty extensively.Service was very very friendly.  The place was clean, and more importantly, the silverware was clean (unlike the place next door).Good food, good service, bad coffee. Pretty good, just not good enough to make me a fan.
4	SAY WHAT??!! Food for Four Bucks on the strip?! Yes my friends, it does exist :)$3.95 Breakfast Special like what is listed and blasted all over their reviews... I actually opted for the Egg White and Grilled Chicken BFast...it was only $6.25 pretty goshdarn good, my friend got the $3.95 special and said it was tasty. The tortillas were hard but their eggs were cooked great, the chips and salsa (must purchase for $2.95)  were excellent and the service was great. We sat at the bar, bartender was a super sweet chick and the $0.99 cent Bloody Mary's can be doubled for a whop-pin' total of two bucks and they were really good. Go for cheap but not Phenomenal, just good food, super cheap Bloody's and I'm pretty dang sure if you sit at the bar, you not only get better service but you get better drinks :) ate here 03/01/2014 at 11am...thank you nice bartender chick...you rock!
1	Out celebrating our friends 1 year wedding anniversary, I wanted a margarita. After checking out a few places we settled on this place. We stood forever at the hostess stand waiting to be seated. Finally a girl came over and took us to a table and gave us menus. Priced at $12.50 (regularly priced $17.50 when not on special) I ordered a strawberry "Margarita-by-the-Yard" and I couldn't taste any alcohol at all. Our friends couldn't taste any in theirs either, so we asked our server when she finally came back around if we could buy some shots to add to it. She said they are $1 per shot so I ordered 2 shots to add to mine. The margarita seemed like it was mostly ice and I just didn't care for it.I figured with salsa being in the name of this place that we would get the standard complimentary chips and salsa, but nope! Chips and salsa cost here! I decided to just order a "Mexican Pizza" priced at $7.95 to munch on. It was a flour tortilla that had a crunch to it with pinto beans, cheese, salsa and sour cream. The beans weren't very warm and tasted bland. Honestly the fresh avocado was the only good part about it. Maybe if their margaritas actually gave people a buzz the food would taste better! Our server wasn't great about checking on us and slow with bringing out our drinks and food. She carded us when we ordered the drinks, but then carded our friend 2 more times and he didn't even order but one drink that he was already carded for. She seemed a bit spacey. I didn't mind the prices at all, but wasn't satisfied with my drink, food or the service we recieved. I can
1	I waited nearly 30 minutes, never did get waited on.  I finally just got up and left.
1	Labeling this as a "Mexican" restaurant is like saying everyone can afford Gucci.My husband and I each had appetizers, two happy hour beers and chips. Worst $37 spent. The taquitos I had tasted like something out of a frozen dinner meal. They also had no limes for the beers. Really? You're gonna gimmie a lemon instead? Wow. Never again.
3	Last day of our stay in Vegas for a catering convention and came to the shops to hang out till we got picked up for our trip to the airport. Had a hankering for Mexican. I ordered the fish taco beef taco combo and it was good. Nothing to write home about but was flavorful and the steak wasn't tough. A good end to a nice vegas trip
4	$3.99 breakfast made to order. Best breakfast deal on the strip if you ask me. Their Mexican breakfast potatoes were so yummy. Biscuits are gravy were served bubbly hot and were delicious! This restaurant is located inside miracle mile shopping mall, next to planet Hollywood.
3	I ate there alone and had the steak tacos. It was served with beans and rice. The food was good and the presentation was nice. But the atmosphere is nothing spectacular. It's pretty typical for a Mexican restaurant. The waitress was not very personable. She seemed to have too many tables. She didn't offer a refill on my drink. Overall this place was just average. I would go there again and I would recommend it.
1	Easily one of the worst dining experiences I ever had. The waitress was pleasant but the food was terrible. I am a big guy and this is the first time in memory that I refused to eat ANYTHING on my plate. The steak was dry and tough. The rice tasted like store brand like Lipton. Beans gooey. All around mediocre food. Avoid this place.
5	Okay, if you're in Vegas eating on a budget.... I would HIGHLY suggest stopping in for at least breakfast! I think we paid 3.95 for eggs, your choice of either ham, bacon, or sausage, potatoes and fresh tortillas. How do you go wrong with that? Everything tasted delicious too... Maybe that's because we started drinking at 6am... Hahaha They do have 99 cent bloody marys during breakfast too... So it's definitely a smart spot for a breakfast adult beverage. It can get packed in here, but even so, we were greeted quickly. Our food took a little longer to get to us, but for a complete meal under 10 dollars including tip out you can't be too picky. Making this a pit stop every time in Vegas!
5	Was not expecting Mexican food to be this good in vegas! I will definitely eat hear the next time where in town.
2	After walking thru the miracle mile shopping center in Planet Hollywood I was starving. Mexican food sounded good so I shared steak and chicken fajitas with my boyfriend. The food was actually pretty decent but getting the food took forever! We waited for forever just to get our drinks and pretty much had to hunt someone down to order our food. Even after getting our food the waiter forgot about us, so then I had to hunt him down again to get more drinks. The service was horrible! Every person from the lady seating us to our waiter must have been having a horrible day because they were anything but friendly!They had a photographer walking around who would take pictures of each table and give you a post card of the picture for free. She would then offer other pictures that of course cost money and boy oh boy! Beware, if you don't want these photos she gets upset! It's hard to have a nice lunch with such negative people surrounding you!On the plus side, we sat outside which was great for people watching! Overall I would probably pass on eating at this place again. There are so many other restaurants in Vegas that have better service and even tastier food.
4	Went for breakfast for the 99cent bloody Mary's. they are small but a buck you can't complain. Got the hevous rancheros & they were excellent! Nice portion & very filling. Potatoes were nicely seasoned, beans were just typical beans. If you are looking for a good quick breakfast on the strip check em out.
4	Great breakfast for a very cheap price!!! And a good spicy bloody mary!!! We were served very quickly. We ordered the $3.75 breakfast special, which was a pretty well sized portion. Definitely have and will be recommending this place to many others!
1	ordered 2 carnita tacos with rice/beans. The food was cold and everything was flavorless. The food was gross and super expensive. Maybe the actual restaurant is better.
3	We came for breakfast. Understaffed, which left much to be desired in terms if service- but we were warned upon entry that they were behind. Great food but one plate came out warm not hot. Great chilaquiles and Mexican scramble despite temp. Amazing breakfast drinks: boozy coffee and Hot Tamale Maria. Would come back for breakfast if we had plenty of time to spare. One last addition, they had a great photographer coming around offering a "free" photo. Ours turned out great, so we got a free thumb-size and purchased a 4x6 for $20.
4	Excellent VibesThe food was Good, but rather overpriced for what it is... $14 for a grande steak burrito that would normally cost about 8 bucks elsewhere. But its Vegas.VERY PROFESSIONAL Managerial staff. Handled an issue well and treated us with utmost respect. We left here satisfied because of Bob! Thanks for the help.
3	We stopped at this place for a late breakfast on Thursday morning. I had the chilaquiles. Definitely not what grandma used to make but it was good. It came with eggs, beans and i ordered a side of potatoes. The service was sloooooow. I had a problem with that. It wasn't even that busy and there seems to be plenty of staff.
1	Terrible service. I'm here right now and it's been 20 min and our waitress has not shown...
3	We came here solely for their 3.95 breakfast special - needed a quick, convenient meal before hitting the road haha.  In terms of their breakfast special, it definitely does the job. You get 2 eggs, any way, some potatoes, a choice of meat, and 2 tortillas.  Nothing fancy, but it was a pretty straightforward, filling breakfast, not much to complain about. For a little extra kick, you can also get .99 bloody marys - yeah, small in size, but only 0.99, so what do you expect?  I'd say a pretty solid breakfast special that I'd come back for if I'm simply looking for something cheap, filling, and convenient.  Also, their breakfast special lasts until noon!  Which is pretty late for usual breakfast specials (but admittedly pretty early to be awake on the strip ;)
2	If you don't mind bad service and cheap mediocre food this is your place to eat.  The breakfast deal that they have is what caught our eye.  My friends and I just wanted to get something in our stomachs.  We thought it will be quick fast food but we were wrong.  The service here is just HORRIBLE.  After we were seated, we did not get any service for about 15 min.  We were ready to leave.  They didn't ask us for water  or grab our order.  When a server arrived, we placed our order in and hoped we get our food quick.  Like I said in the beginning the food was mediocre but since the pricing was cheap we expected it.  Do yourself a favor and find another place.
1	The food is absolutely disgusting! Extremely salty and horrible service. I took 2 bites of my food and told them I didn't want it. They didn't even offer if I wanted anything else or if the food was okay. I still had to pay, which was kinda disappointing since I barely even touched it. I ate there for lunch, but I hear their breakfast is good. Anyways, I will definitely never eat at this restaurant again. I am highly disappointed with the service and quality of the food.
2	Tacos, fajitas, burritos and more.  A good spot to grab some of these food items, but it was ultimately overpriced and not the best juicy tacos or fajitas that I ever had.Service was spot on and they have spacious dining area.Meh.
5	Their breakfast specials are killer!!!!! What a steal for great portions and good quality food! I'm craving La Salsa right now! First thing I did after having La Salsa for the first time was look into their locations to see if there were any near me back home. It is definitely worth giving them a try. They blow breakfast out of the water.
1	This is possibly the worst "mexican" restaurant I have ever eaten at! Thankfully my fiance and I had our entrees comped as part of a show we were seeing, but even then I felt ripped off by what we did pay for (chips, salsa, guacamole, a margarita, and jalapenos in one of our burritos). There was zero spice, heat or flavor in any of the food, with no peppers in anything except the jalapenos we'd ordered, but even those had been deseeded and washed so they had no spice at all. There was only the barest hint of cilantro in the salsa, and the guacamole was essentially just mashed avocado with a pinch of diced tomatos and white onions thrown in. The burritos were poorly wrapped, falling apart immediately, and poorly assembled, with only a dollop of sour cream and guacamole in the very center of them, so the dominant flavors were of essentially unseasoned rice, beans and meat, the salsa only adding texture with no flavor or kick. The margarita tasted and felt like it had no tequila in it as well. We asked if they had spicier salsa and they did not. All in all this was the blandest, most unsatisfying mexican meal I have ever had, and it was vastly overpriced; the only positive thing I can say is that it was warm and took up space in my stomach.Also, they have a "California Burrito" on the menu which is a lie; theirs is merely a vegetarian burrito, not an actual California Burrito which is a carne asada burrito with the works and fries inside.
5	Really great decent meal for breakfast and amazing .99 Bloody Mary. Not sure why bad reviews. Good food at great price.
5	Great Mexican restaurant inside Planet Hollywood. Affordable,  a lot of food to share, good guacamole and salsa chips, friendly and fast service.  Nice seating area inside and outside, expectantly view. Over all - super satisfied!!!
3	Good place to go if you need to save money and want a cheap breakfast. They have a breakfast special for $3.95 before noon.Service - We were seated immediately. Our waitress was very nice and attentive. Food - We didn't end up taking advantage of the $3.95 breakfast special. I ordered the chilaquiles con huevos. My boyfriend ordered the burrito ranchero. We also ordered coffee and hot chocolate with kahlua. The food was ok, nothing special. Location - Planet Hollywood in the Miracle Mile shops.Price - The bill was under $25. In my opinion this is a great price for Vegas.
1	Awful experience every time I come here. I asked for chips & salsa & was ignored. Then upon other customers & myself trying to communicate with the bartender she completely gave me an attitude. Then I asked for no salt on my margarita & she put salt on it. She tried to take her mistakes & blame it on others. When I asked for chips & salsa AGAIN. She said, "you know you have to pay for it!" I will make sure to let everyone know not to go there.  If you want good mexican food go across the street to Aria!
1	Absolutely the worst restaurant to attend!! Like we had to wait to get seated, we had to wait to order our food and we had to wait to pay for our bill. Like what the heck. All of the workers ignored is the whole time. I know they could hear us. But walked off like they didn't. Never coming back again
