5	Thank God, finally a pizza place in south central Wisconsin to write about!  Great atmosphere and even better food at a reasonable price.  The owner said they'll have an expanded menu including beer and wine beginning early November.  Check it out, highly recommended...
5	I'm updating my (very) early review of one of my now favorite places to visit and order take-out. The owner (Patrick) gets that real food, real ingredients and quality over quantity is where it's at. Having a commitment to fresh produce/ingredients has made all the difference. Their salads are inspired (as are their appetizers, main entrees and desserts). I'm just a salad and pizza gal who appreciates what they've done with the salad side of the equation... the pizza was always remarkable (as you'll see below).They have also introduced a wine menu that is worth sticking around for another glass and another slice. This place has an amazing thing going. I look forward to how they expand their menu and their atmosphere. Worth noting: there are few owners/operators who care about their place and their product as much as Patrick does. You can feel this about the place when you walk through the doors - each menu item is special. I love that.Old review:The food: There is a reason that the only thing on the menu (pretty much) is pizza. It is amazing. The crust is on the thinner side and has the perfect combo of crunchy and chewy. The sauce, which they swirl on the top is sweet and spicy. So good! We had the sausage pie and loved it. The dinner salad is enough to share. The toppings and dressing are dynamic. I was a little disappointed that some of the lettuce was old. The environment: My dining companions, 3 and 4 year old sons, loved it too. Salvatore's set up is geared for kids. A play area, kid plates and coloring papers are great. The booze: Tonight was their first with a liquor license. I look forward to trying their wine list when it debuts this weekend. Overall: We will definitely be back!
4	No offense to Sun Prairie, but it's rare that the Madison suburb would attract me for food.  This pizza place was worth the drive.As a Jersey girl, I was attracted to it based on a comment in the Isthmus that referred to it as serving Trenton, NJ style pizza.  I ordered pick up and it was ready when I arrived.  We ordered the Pesto/ prosciutto and the sausage pie.  Both were delicious.  The pesto one had great pesto flavor which was complemented nicely with the roasted garlic and prosciutto.  The sausage had a delicious tomato sauce, but was a little sparse on sausage.Overall, it was really tasty pizza that is moderately priced (we got two at about $40 for three people and had more than a third for leftovers).I'm looking forward to trying eating in sometime!
3	as an italian who is hard-pressed to find great italian food in madison and sun prairie, i had super high expectations for salvatore's just based on the name alone.  we ate in the restaurant on a friday night and were the only ones there.  the take-out seemed pretty busy though.  both the servers that helped us were super nice.  the two pizzas we ordered took a long time - but it was ok.the salad for two was awesome, even though the mixed greens were slightly wilted.  the bread didn't come out until after the pizzas but it was fantastic. we ordered a plain style pizza and the bacon and blue.  the reason i'm giving a painful 3 star review is because the sauce on the pizzas was so incredibly bad that neither my husband nor i could eat more than a slice each.  we even took the pizza home, thinking it might be better cold, but unfortunately we ended up throwing away both of the pies.the tomato sauce tasted like someone emptied a whole bottle of dry, dusty oregano into it.  it was so heavy on the herbs - and not in a fresh way.  unfortunately the gorgonzola pizza also came smothered in the same marinara.  i was surprised - was not expecting that flavor combo.  i think this pizza could have been great without the sauce or with an olive oil/parm substitute.  the broccoli was crunchy bordering on raw but that complaint is so minimal compared to how wretched the tomato sauce was.  it made everything inedible.so many people have glowing reviews that i'm thinking (hoping) maybe we just came in on an off night or the business is too new and still working out the kinks.  it will be awhile before i try it again but i would go back in a heartbeat for that homemade bread with sesame seeds.*we visited the restaurant in december and i wrote this review in january
5	Really nice place, good for kids, good pizza. Different than most anywhere, not your traditional pizza. Good bread, good beer, good pizza, nice staff. About the only thing they could improve is make the place bigger.
5	This place is awesome.  I was visiting my sister who lives in sun prairie.  And we went there.  I live and Chicago, and been to NYC and have eaten pizza in both cities.  This place us right up there.  IMHO it is the pizza Mecca of the Midwest.  Come here to worship great pizza.  The service was great too.
5	We had a pizza with just underground pepperonis and it was delicious!  The crust was perfectly chewy and crunchy, sauce was the perfect combination of sweet and tangy, and the cheese provides great texture and permeates the entire pizza with it's amazing flavor.  I love it when two local businesses team up to make a great product!  If you're in the Madison area, it's definitely worth the drive.
3	OK, once again- having grown up and lived in NY for over 30 years- my expectations of italian in WI are never high. I read all the reviews, heard jersey and got excited.Cute place, very friendly and helpful staff. i love that they call it Pies, as i order and eat a pie, not a pizza :-)Salad and dressing... YUMMMM! But, who doesn't serve any bread with a salad?? That was a disappointment for sure... then out came the pie.first glance- WTH is with all of this GRAVY(sauce)??It is in fact my preference to have a pie with light sauce, but even it it were not..way too much. the crust- amazing and very east coast, cheese and flavor and the gravy were VERY good. I would go back, order light sauce and wonder why there was a lack of cheese on my extra cheese pie?  Overall, good place..it is clear they use quality ingredients... i will give it another try... and order light sauce.... great spot for sun prarie and i hope they do well!again, need 1/2 stars here!!the one thing I forgot to mention- go eat here, one of the best pie's i have had in WI!!I am a pizza snob, but this place is yummy!!
4	Great menu, and growing.  Quality is usually great.  Occasionally burned crust, or bubbles in crust.  Rotate your za in the oven and take care of the bubbles.  Could have better wait service.  With a larger store and better location, they will be big.  Just needs to improve on the cooking of the product and the wait staff.The owner is awesome with customers!
5	This was my first time eating there, it was really delicious, and the pizza did not take very long to arrive to us. Ambiance was nice, wait staff were attentive. We built our own pizza, but there were also tons of options available if you don't want to think too hard.Plus: they serve cured meats from Underground Food Collective. A bit pricier than other nice pizzerias in Dane County, but you also get what you pay for. They are part of the Belly Card rewards system.
5	This unassuming little establishment hiding in Sun Prairie likely has the best Pizza in the entire Madison area. We had two amazing pies: one with figs and goat cheese, the other with pepperoni, sausage, and bacon. Both were amazing! A large salad was easily enough for 2 (though we had 4 along, including 2 kids, and thus it was fine for us too). Even the bread was ridiculously good (but not free). Don't forget to look on the back of the menu as a number of the specialty pizzas are listed there as well. Clearly, if you are ever near Sun Prairie, this is THE place to go!
4	You can combine different types of their specialty pies in one pizza.
5	Fantastic pizza. They have a good variety of menu items ranging from really basic pizzas to more interesting and creative options. They use top notch ingredients and you can really tell the difference. They are good enough to justify a trip to Sun Prairie all on their own.The only complaint I have is that the location could be more spacious, but that doesn't really affect the quality of the food or anything like that.
5	Great pizza! They had a slight mix-up on our order, but were very appologetic and gave us a discount. Great service, and even greater pizza!
5	Drove up to Salvatore's from Illinois. Being a Jersey girl and brief Trentonian I have to say I absolutely loved it! We ordered the pepperoni and portobello to go and dove into the sausage, onion and goats cheese..... Omg yummmmm! My mom and I both agreed the sauce was delicious. I have absolutely nothing negative to say. Everything was fresh, delicious and plentiful:)... The salad is large but a great starter and heck you just share:)...the staff were friendly and knowledgable and this place was doing some good carry out business on a cold Thursday night. Sun Prarie you are sooooo lucky!!!
5	We just moved to Sun Prairie and are making it our mission to try all of the pizza places in town. But after trying Salvatore's, I'm not sure I can go anywhere else!We only got one pizza - the Farmer John's Smoked Gouda special (with organic heirloom tomatoes from Emerald meadow farm, Farmer John's smoked gouda, local Portobello mushrooms, caramelized onions, heirloom garlic, and Jordandal bacon) - and an order of smoky cheese bread.OH MY GOSH. This was hands down the BEST pizza I have ever had. I loved the portobello mushrooms and caramelized onions on top. My husband and I were fighting each other for the leftovers the next day!It's a little pricey, but it was SO WORTH IT.
5	This is one of the best of three pizza places that I've been to in the last 10 years.  Great authentic Italian pizza.
5	Salvatore's tests a couple of life's basic aphorisms.  First - is it possible to have too much of a good thing?  Second - do one thing really well, then keep doing it.Sal's wraps up my triumvirate of pizza reviews since moving to Wisconsin, and it takes the cake.  Or pie, as the case may be.  It happens to be within walking distance of our new house in Sun Prairie, hence our first test.  This is really a test of willpower.  This is good pizza.  This is really good pizza.  And it's a five minute walk.  At toddler speed.  We could eat there every night.  But we exercise willpower.  I hate exercise.So the second test.  Sal's menu reveals it all.  You want lasagna?  You want subs?  You want linguini with clam sauce?  You want calzones?  Seek elsewhere.  Here you'll get pizza and you'll like it.  Oh yes, you will.  From the perfect bready, yeasty, not-too-thin, not-too-thick, woodfired, not a bit greasy crust, to the herby tomotoey saucy sauce (yes, I'm being redundant, but I'm short on adjectives today), to the simply delicious assortment of locally sourced, super-fresh and super-tasting toppings.  Our family is mostly non-meatarian, but that does not diminish the flavorsome fixings available at Sal's.  Starting to get the picture?  [Oh yeah, they do offer salads & other appetizers.  The salads are pretty fine too, especially when heirlooms are in season.]My wife's been a huge fan of Chicago-style dripping cheesiness her whole life, but even she's come around to the artisanal perfection that Sal's embodies.  Pizza.  One size only (big).  Bring your appetite.  Or bring your friends.  Heck, bring both and knock yourself out.  It's a small space; maybe eight or ten tables?  Wait staff can get overwhelmed when the line begins to stretch out the door, but they'll always make things right.And the beer selection's yummy (though I'm starting to realize that I've moved to a little slice of beer paradise, otherwise known as Wisconsin).
5	Best pizza I've ever had. Yummy local ingredients. Pizza made with LOVE! Great service great atmosphere! My husband said they have the best sausage ever!
4	We had the balsamic infused fig and bacon pizza. Pure Genius. This is casual  and intimate with a friendly staff and a flour covered owner right on site getting his hands in the pizza dough.The prices are a little high but it is really good.
5	Best in town. Za-tis-all!Ok, ok... I'll continue.1. Start with salad. Say what? Salad. Boooooring. Nope not here. Greens combine with seasonal veggies and a zippy little vinaigrette that had more flavor that most roughage I've eaten around these parts. The size was perfect for three people to share without filling us up too much before pounding pizza. 2. We grabbed garlic bread too and all agreed that for garlic bread, it was pretty bomb. I mean, bread/garlic/butter could be uber lame right? Nope. 3. You can do a half and half, so yay for that! We did half of their special that night which I won't describe because you'll be pissed when you go and they no longer have it and half of the spek and arugula. Suffice it to say, it doesn't matter what you order (in my opinion) because the toppings are incredible, the dough/sauce/protein ratio is perfect and I could easily have polished off more than I did if it weren't for my little issue with lactose. There you have it. 1-2-3! Oh, and because the place is small, head over around 7:30 when it seems most in Sun Prairie (even on the Friday I went) are back at home.
5	NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM. Easily the best pizza of this type I've had in the Madison area.  Neapolitan pizza still has my heart, but I can definitely make some room for Sal's Jersey pies. The toppings are creative, seasonal and locally sourced.  Who knew how amazing salsify, bacon, smoked gouda and spinach could be?  Or meyer lemon, speck, mozzarella and arugula? Dang...even the salad and garlic bread are worth mentioning. We were indecisive (i wanted one of everything) and they were more than happy to do a half & half pizza. Why are you all the way in Sun Prairie? Will you consider moving to Madison so I can eat your 'za every day.
5	This place truly deserves every one of it's stars.. fantasticly great pizza... nice people.. speedy delivery (although it might lose a quarter star over it's slightly high prices, but hey you gots to pay for quality)
5	I don't think there is anything I can say about Sal's that hasn't already been said, except that it is so freaking good I want to cry like every time I go there. It's kind of embarrassing, but thankfully I always go with people who understand.
5	Ok, so, its been several years since I have been motivated to write a Yelp review, and this time I can't stop myself.  I even dreamed about what I would write overnight.  We finally found an excuse to go to Sal's after having heard about the place from several friends.  Truthfully, I really wasn't in the mood for pizza, but I was even less in the mood to make dinner myself - so, with my husband at the helm and his pizza-finding nose, we arrived at Sal's.  Upon walking into the place, my mood was not uplifted.  They had two parties already, leaving only one rather large round table for our family of 4 (including one in a highchair).  Fortunately, one of the two parties discovered that they didn't need one of their tables which opened up a slightly smaller round table for us.  Ughhh.  All I could think was that we were behind 2 enormous party tables and if I was grumpy from hunger, my 9-year-old was really going to do us in.  After a few moments of staring at the menu (and yes, ordering a glass of wine, which was not only good for me but was good for the rest of my family), I fixated on a golden and red beet (yes, BEET) and bacon (yes, BACON) pizza with smoked gouda and goat cheeses. I can't remember the rest of the ingredients, because the menu had me at beets and bacon.  My husband ordered the Fat Uncle Tony pizza (read: lotsa meat) and my daughter ordered the cheesy bread with bacon.  Despite the large tables ahead of us, dinner was out in no time and, well, then it was all over.I can honestly say that despite my love of pizza and proclamations over the years as to what is the best pizza I've ever had - which includes several award winning pizza places, THIS IS THE BEST PIZZA I'VE EVER HAD.  Fortunately my husband and I could not agree on what pizza to order so we ordered two, which was VERY indulgent of us given that they are 16 inch pies, I'm soooooo glad.  I brought a few leftover pieces for lunch today, with the rest being saved for dinner tonight. I could go on about the other menu items because there wasn't a thing on the menu that wasn't tempting and the service was extraordinary, especially considering that the server was overrun with parties, but all this seems completely unnecessary given the perfection of the pizza.     Here is my ONLY suggestion.  Get into a larger location in, say, downtown Madison, where access to this amazing pie can be opened up to the masses.  With little parking in the not-so-cute strip mall and even less table space inside Sal's, it easy to see how many would turn away before even getting in the door.  I challenge you to stick with it or even order to go (which is what I'll do next time just so I don't have to risk arriving too hungy to wait) - it will be worth it!
5	Best pizza I have ever had.  Hand tossed crust and fresh toppings with an awesome sauce.  Their local mixed greens salad is also something you should try.
5	Great pizza!  I'm pretty traditional, so I always go with the tomato pie with sausage.  I've tried other fancier pizzas there, which were also fantastic, but I love my usual.  I've never eaten there (I only live a few minutes away) but everyone seems to be having a nice time when I stop in to pick up my pizza.  I very much appreciate that they source locally.  It adds a lot of expense for the restaurant, but the outcome of the food is so superior.
5	Fellow Yelpers, Thank you!  Thank you! Thank you!   I found this place through this wonderful resource.Mom lives on the far east side of Madison  so I thought I'd  to Sun Prarie.  I  wanted to find a good pizza joint. but  I didn't ......I found a GREAT pizza joint.  There were several of their specialty pizzas I wanted to try but Mom wanted a basic Pizza.  I can't wait to go back.  The quality of ingredients are exceptional and the food is best described as artisan crafted great pizza.  Will be back again and again!!
4	Ok we still miss Tony's in De Forest but this is a good place to get  a solid pizza, not  your usual pizza toppings on every one and worth getting our of your box on toppings
5	First ... thanks Yelp reviewers .... I live on the near-west side of Madison and would never have found this pizza without you.I am of the (kind of snarky) opinion that pizza has become a sort of sad regional affair.  And, if you have never had the chance to venture to New Jersey/New York to sample the original version of this truly humble pie baked in a 125 year old coal burning brick oven you have really missed something perfect and delectable.  On the other hand, you will never be disappointed by your local pizza joint or long for a slice of perfection 950 miles away.  But that distance may now have been cut and your chance may have arrived ..... I knew things were looking positive when I tugged a slice from the pie, began to fold the sides together and just the proper amount of sag occurred at the pointed last third of the slice.  For me, the most important thing that sets New Jersey/New York pizza apart from all others is the crust.   It is not shatteringly crispy.  It is not a bread laden square mass.  It is a smooth pliable roundish support, with just a suggestion of yeast, that can be torn between tooth and hand. And Salvatore's Pie did just that.Having read the many Yelp reviews I went for the classic, a humble Tomato Pie.  I ordered carry out.  The pie was a large misshapen circle, as it should be.  The delicious sauce was smeared on in a circular pattern so that each bite had just enough to taste but not overwhelm.  And the cheese was hot, melted and stringy.  The whole thing was lightly sprinkled with julienned strips of fresh basil.  The balance was perfect.  The care for quality ingrediants obvious.Knowing now that the basics are so right, I can hardly wait to try the more exotic and interesting toppings.  All I can say is thank you.  At long last there is a pie within Dane county that is worth making a trip.  Pricey? Not compared to an airline ticket!  Please, please do us all a favor and consider the south west side of lake Mendota, maybe Fitchburg or Verona, for your next location.
5	Some of the best pizza I've had...ever...anywhere.
5	The best pizza in Madison, isn't in Madison.  Weirdly enough, it's in Sun Prairie.  It's really too bad Madison can't claim this one as it's own.This will be a short review.  It's really really good.  I've never in my life been so excited to eat my pizza leftovers.  Here's my scoop---  They have a lot of specialty pizzas with quality toppings.  But my personal favorite was a basic pepperoni pizza.  When you go simple, you get to taste the awesomeness underneath.  It's all about the sauce!  Topped with whole-milk mozzarella and fresh basil.
5	This is what pizza should be.  It's a little bit more than the other pizza places in town but it is so much higher quality that it is hard to compare.  I only wish that they had lunch on the weekends.
5	I was in Sun Prairie the other day and stopped into Salvatore's after seeing their delicious photos on Facebook, and I noticed they were a Badger Barter member, so I was able to use Barter Bucks to pay for my lunch.  I had two pieces of pizza with smoked gouda, thick cut bacon hunks, tomatoes that tasted like they were freshly picked out of the garden, heirloom garlic.  Yummy McYummerton.  Perfect blend of sweet decilious cheese and salty bacon.  All for $6 and you get soda!
5	Ok - I am going to be the first admit that I am a bit of a hater.  I am very cautious about trying restaurants outside of Madison.  Is that terrible of me?  Yes.  Most of the time it is because I hate driving if I might get disappointed.  Turns out this place is just a short drive outside of Madison.  It is right on Main Street and easy to find.Now let's get to the meat of it.  And yes, I mean the MEAT.  We decided to build our own pie.  Frabonni's italian sausage, pepperoni and green peppers.  Wow.  The meat was flavorful without being greasy.  The crust was thin without being too flimsy.  You need a fork and knife for bigger slices but it eventually gets manageable enough to eat with your hands.  The pizzas only come in one size to make everything easy.  The sauce is delicious and they know exactly how much to use.  I can not describe the pizza the way I would like and stay G-rated.  Let's just say I had a moment.   They are generous with the toppings, which impresses me.Now, we went out on a limb and tried the trio of desserts.  Panna cotta on a bed of pistachios with honey, caramel gelato with strawberries and a chocolate chip cookie and a cannoli.  It was only $9 for 3 desserts!  It was a deal. It could have easily been split by one more person (it was myself and one other person).  Now overall, the price was a bit higher than I like for the pizza but you get what you pay for.  This definitely was not PIzza Hut.  The place is small, there are only 11 tables, but you do not feel cramped.  I loved it.  I want to go again.  As a girl who grew up in Chicago, I can say this is the best pizza I have had in Madison.  I think they have sufficiently invented addictive pizza.
4	Man, oh, man - I wish these guys were in Madison proper, because this pizza is capital L-egit!  Super solid pie, great little location, friendly staff, and a nice selection of bottled brews.Took my friend/co-worker here in return for him watching my dog so much as of late. Neither of us had been to Salvatore's, so we weren't certain what to expect. We ordered a few Oberon's (yum), the garlic bread, and the "One" pizza, to which we added Fraboni's Italian Sausage (true 'Sconnies will refer to it as "sasssage"), red onion, and mushrooms.The garlic bread featured huge wedges of sourdough with a healthy rub of fresh garlic and a light brushing of butter. The little mix of fresh greens served alongside was excellent as well.The pie was superb. The toppings were generous and super - SUPER - fresh. The hints of basil, the sauce - Oh em gee - so frickin' good. My only complaint? The center of the crust was incredibly floppy and unsupportive. I fear the cook over stretched the dough by just a tad. But I loved how the crusts featured a hint of that garlic rub as well.Service was attentive without being pushy. Checkout was a breeze, thanks to Square.Salvatore's = WINFood = 4.25 starsValue = 4 starsService = 4 starsMISC = 3.5 starsDo yourself and your tastebuds a favor - drive up to Salvatore's and give them a try. You'll be an addict after the first bite.
4	I wish this place was in Chicago!  Loved everything about this place!  Loved how little and homey it was.  Especially loved the pizza, the crust was nice and fluffy without being too much crust.  The toppings tasted fresh.  We ordered a large special pizza for the four of us and after tasting how delicious our pizza was, we decided to order another one :)  My only complaint about this place is that there is not one in Chicago!
5	Easy: Best Pizza Around!I found Sal's on Yelp searching for the best pie in the area. Took the short drive and was not disappointed. The atmosphere was cozy and enjoyable. They had nice Italian music playing in the background and the lighting was perfect!I ordered a build your own Tomato Pie with 3 toppings, and could not have been happier with my experience.It took roughly 20 minutes to get the pie, and was brought out piping hot on top of a large tomato can ready to start dishing out. It was epically amazing in my mouth.I have had so many pizza's over my time and this one rocked my taste buds. Great sauce, plenty of cheese and toppings. The best part, the crust! The crust is usually my least favorite part, by the way, and this crust had the perfect crunch along with taste. I don't know how they made it taste so appetizing, but it was great.You have to save room for dessert! I never do this, but made an exception based off the pictures I found on their website. A perfect end to a delightful pizza. Perfect place for a date, family dinner, just because your hungry, whatever...What are you waiting for! Stop reading this and head to Sal's tonight.
5	In a strip mall, just before you come into Sun Prairie from the south, there's a Pizza place on the right. Go there! Take out if you must but go there.S.U. and I had heard good things and, mid week, made the trek. No crowds on a Wednesday, Great friendly service and a menu full of specials. Now, I'm ordinarily a double anchovies on a simple pie guy but, we went for the smoked gouda, bacon, caramelized onions and tomato special. Out of this world. On top of that several good beers on tap and a decent wine list! The reasonably priced Spanish Garnacha (Grenache, north of the border), was excellent. For some unknown reason, we were offered a 20% discount on the wine (we accepted) and that made the bottle even more reasonable!!I should also mention the salad, tossed in a bowl before serving and beautifully presented.5 stars! As good as it gets!
5	We came here on a Thursday night and were pleasantly surprised.  We shared a house salad which was delicious.  The greens were super fresh and had some great dressing.  Onward we tried one of the daily special pizzas - I think it was the Farmer Joe - it was awesome.  This is truly some of the best and freshest pizza I have ever had.  They also have lots of craft beer from local breweries.  And to top it all off - our waitress was awesome too.  This is truly a gem hiding in a strip mall in Sun Prairie.  Go now.  Don't ever consider one of the pizza chains again!
5	Get this delicious pizza. A little pricy, but so so good. It's more than just pizza! If you try it once, you will come back for more! I recommend it.
5	I am not easy to please yet I recently have been handing out 5 stars. Madison and the surrounding area has a wealth of wonderful food. I am a lucky girl!My guy and I wanted to try Salvatore's Tomato Pies for some time. We finally went there on a Saturday night about 7:30. I made a reservation but there were tables available. The restaurant is small but I imagine they do a brisk take-out business.This is no ordinary pie. I am NYC born and bred. I generally "put up" with Wisconsin pizza. I used to love Casa Bianca but that is long gone. Now there is Salvatore's- a real pizza in my book. The crust is just the right thickness, crisp and flavorful. So clearly made from good flour and by talented hands. We ordered a basic pie and added caramelized onions and portobella mushrooms. Mmmmm is all I can say. Just enough sauce and high quality cheese. You literally could taste each ingredient and discern the quality. We started by sharing their house salad which was generous and very attractive. The dressing was yummy too. Gluttons that we are, we ended with a creamy gelato sundae. Perfect finish to a perfect meal. Oh, I also had a Lake Louie Scotch Ale, which complemented the meal perfectly.With tip the bill was $47.Confession: I am on Weight Watchers. I saved up every point and still lost weight this week. It was worth eating fruits and veggies all day just to indulge in this fabulous meal.
5	This place deserves all the praise it gets. Local, quality ingredients, and chefs who care, what more could you ask for?There's plenty of options for pie toppings. The crust is the right balance of chewy and soft, just enough sauce, and fresh ingredients. Occasionally they have specials going on, so stop by and see what's what. The atmosphere is great here, but I prefer to get my food to-go because it's always busy and can get kind of loud at times. Some nights it's packed! There's a nice little area for kids, too. The smell of this place makes me want to move in. I was underwhelmed by garlic bread, but the bacon and cheese bread is a must!
5	LOVED this pizza place!  A friend of mine is a waitress here and has been telling me about it for a few months now.  We had no children so we decided to have a date night and try out Salvatore's!  It was delicious!  We had garlic bread for an appetizer - WOW!  So so so garlic-y - LOVED!  Then we built our own pizza - garlic with half mushroom and half pepperoni.  Absolutely fantastic!  I can't wait for left overs tomorrow!
5	been here several times since my first review, and it has become our goto spot! Love everything about it... service always great, food fresh and spectacular... tried our first dessert last trip...............YUMMMMMM! Anyone who does not try this restaurant is missing out!!
5	This was my first time here, and I cannot wait to come back! What a unique experience, made even better by Underground Food's cured meats and Nessalla Kombucha. YUM. One pizza that really stuck out to me was a pie that had smoked trout and summer squash. Beautiful!!
4	One size fits all but it's all delicious!
5	Patrick and the crew at Salvatore's are the bee's knees. They have rockin' local partners like Harmony Valley Farm, Underground Meats, Farmer John's cheese, NessAlla Kombucha, Palms Mushroom Cellars, Flyte Family Farm, Ale Asylum, Cargo Coffee and the list goes on and on... The philosophy of using only super-fresh ingredients ("Wisco not Sysco") makes for BOMB pizza. The crust alone will bring you to tears. Add the amazing toppings in cool combinations (Wine Poached Fig and Bacon? Fresh Italian Sausage, caramelized shallots, house roasted sweet red peppers, and goat cheese?) and you've got yourself a damn fine pizza pie. Practice the shoveling motion of arm to mouth before you get there so as not to waste any time devouring it.
5	Easily the best pizza I've had in the Madison area. I just wish it was located more downtown.The pizzas are very large so bring a friend... Or many friends. They only serve one size. The toppings are fresh and local, from the cheese to the vegetables. Call ahead and put your name on a list because seating is limited and this place is always packed.
4	The best pizza in Sun Prairie. Love that they use fresh, local ingredients. I also enjoy that they are daring and try new things.
4	Food here is great. All the ingredients are fresh, and it makes a huge difference. The restaurant itself is small, but still a great atmosphere. We do usually order to go since we are a bigger family.  Staff is always nice and the pizza is always hot and when we pick it up.Price is higher than going with a chain  pizza place, but it is so much better.
5	I have tried the Fat Uncle Tony, Tomato Pie, and the Alfredo Sausage and all are great pies!  Whenever we have vistors we order from here to show off the awesome pies coming out of Sun Prairie!
5	I finally got to eat here, and I can't wait to go back! The pizza was fantastic (we got the Mediterranean Pie with peppers, olives, feta, 'chokes, and prosciutto), the bottle of wine (chosen after consultation with the server) was perfect, and the atmosphere was as comfortable as can be. The only thing I'd change is the noise level - the acoustics made it hard to hear my tablemates. But everything else, including the wonderfully easy parking, was killer.
5	Here's looking at you, Sal.Don't let the unassuming suburban strip mall storefront in Sun Prairie deter you, chef Patrick DePula artisan's approach takes the humble pizza pie to a whole new level.  I was introduced to Salvatore's at a recent Yelp Big Bite event and we really hit it off.  Sal swept me off my feet with the rich tomato sauce, the gourmet quality, locally sourced toppings and that oh-so chewy crust.  So I decided it was time to take our relationship to the next level.  Yes, it was time to introduce Sal to the rest of the family.  They are not an easy bunch to please with everyone liking different pizza toppings, so this fateful meeting would determine our destiny together.Sal started things out on the right foot.  Our server welcomed us once we were seated and walked us through the menu.  She was knowledgeable about the wine list and helped my wife and I with our selections.  The girls ordered bottles of Hubert's lemonade (surprisingly balanced, not too tart, not too sweet) and my son ordered his fave, Sprecher's cream soda.For the appetizer, we selected the Wisconsin meat and cheese board.  The family wasn't a fan of the goat salami (that meant more for me - yay), but the rest of the tray was a hit.  The Saucisson Sec from Underground Meats paired up perfectly with both the Hook's 5 year old cheddar and the Satori Espresso BellaVitano.So Sal made it through the preliminaries, but what about the main event?  Will the family embrace my new flame with the same passion???We ordered two 16" pies with 3 different combinations.  The favorite was the Terrence's Favorite (fresh Italian sausage, caramelized shallots, house roasted sweet red peppers and goat cheese).  We enjoyed the contrast between the sweetness of the shallots and the pungency of the goat cheese.  It is a combination that we will order again.The pepperoni and feta pie also was enjoyed.  The slightly sweet feta was dolloped on the pie paired well with the sauce and contrasted nicely with the salty pepperoni.The one combination that didn't work as well was the roasted red pepper and feta combo.  The sauce just overwhelmed the other toppings.  While it's a great sauce (a wonderful balance of savory, sweetness and acidity with a definite herbal backbone), I would have the kitchen hold back a little on the sauce to make for a more balanced bite between toppings, sauce and crust.  (This, along with the noisiness of the dining room, tilted the rating to four stars.)The real star of the night was the crust.  It was the Helen of Troy of crusts - its golden hue could launch a thousand ships.  The crust has both bite and chew, a hint of natural sweetness and SERIOUS flavor.  Unlike many large pizzas that are doughy in the middle and too crunchy along the outer edge, this pizza was perfectly baked.  The ultimate test, not one of the kids left any crust behind like is usually the case with lesser pizzas.After polishing off a couple of refreshing cappuccino gelatos for dessert, our server packed up the leftovers, and called it a night.  As for me and Sal, well, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
4	About a week ago my wife and I stopped in.  I was told about this place at a Yelp event held at the Roman Candle.  The couple was split as to who had the best pizza pie.  I can see why.  The pizza was great!  The space appeared to be underutilized.  No full bar.  No taps.  That's the only reason I give them 4 out of 5 stars.  You won't be disappointed in the pizza.  Trust me!
5	I came here based on the yelp reviews and I was not disappointed!  A MUST try.
4	Went to this restaurant when I visited my bf's family. We went there because some of the his friends recommended it, and Yelpers like it. We got the daily special pork belly white cheese pizza, and it was amazing even to New Yorkers. Too bad we didn't try the real tomato pie, because the restaurant closes on the Labor Day. Would definitely visit again when I'm in town!
5	Bar none, my favorite pizza & that's saying something.  You'll pay more (around $23 & feeds 2-3 people) but it's worth it.  The sit down area gets loud on a weekend night.  Nice pizza alternative.  Prosciutto is my favorite ingredient.  They use many local ingredients & a good beer selection.
5	I haven't even tried the pizza, but I saw it and drooled!  I had the daily special salad . . . the buratta and bread with oil.  It's not just bread with oil, its in the preparation.  Infused olive oil and grilled sliced bread covered in grated parmesan.   The staff was kind and knowledgable.
3	About a year ago we went here and tried their #3 Underground meats peperone ------ that's how they spell it ----- and portobello.  Half of the pie had no meat on it, that's because I was vegetarian at the time.  It was excellent.  Since that time I've discovered that I am lactose intolerant, yes, in the middle of dairyland.  However, recently on the website madisonvegan.com I noticed that they now tout vegan options!  Oh hell yeahhhhh!  So I ordered a vegan version of #9, the Mediterranean pie.  The gal on the phone informed me that they would replace the regular dairy cheese with a white bean puree.  I was totally down with that!  When I ordered a "vegan" pie I automatically assumed it would be vegan.  I'm fairly certain vegan still means no animal products whatsoever.  So I was disappointed when we got the pie home and it had chunks of prosciutto on it.  It was one of the stranger things I've seen in the culinary arts.  A pie ordered vegan that arrived with no cheese on it, but with the meat.  Wha??  I didn't return the pizza, or call them to let them know about this error this time because to tell the truth I'm just excited they offer anything vegan at all.  At least they are trying!  Here in the middle of dairyland, I know this ain't California, and I should just feel lucky to find any options at all.  So I just picked the meat off this one and tried it anyway.  It was da bomb with the white bean puree.I'll be back, and next time I'll be more clear.
5	I moved to Wisconsin two years ago. I have not been able to find a really good pie here. I have had pretty good ones. This far and away the best pizza in the state not just the Madison area.
5	Can I have your attention please?  EVERYBODY GO HERE!  Why?  Because they have something for everyone.  After my initial review of Sal's, the owner Patrick left a message looking to make it right.  In a world where more and more businesses are all about putting out a mass cookie cutter product, customers be darned, Salvatore's breaks the mold.  In fact, Salvatore's is only one of two businesses in the greater Madison area in the last ten years who have genuinely reached out to me to make things right when something didn't turn out quite right.  That says a lot about their character and is always the hallmark of a great business.    Tonight we ordered the # 1 vegan style, and the # 8 regular.  The vegan pie was outstanding!   I haven't had any vegan pizza, anywhere nearly as good, and it is clear that other pizza establishments should be very jealous.  My dairy consuming, meat eating companions who had the Fat Uncle Tony were raving about it!  I know this review is now bordering on "sounds like a paid sponsor" territory, but I just get excited because I know when I got something good!  Thanks guys!
2	Good food, bad service. Went and had a great $24 pizza. We ate half and they boxed the rest up for us. The next day we open it and there was 1 piece with a bite out of it and some crusts. Clearly they gave us someone elses box. When we called to ask for a refund or something bc it was their mistake, they said all they could do was maybe give us a coupon for half off an appetizer. I don't think thats enough to make up for $12 in pizza they didnt give us. We will not be going back.
5	I cannot tell you how much I love this place!  Everything is fresh, staff is amazing, atmosphere is great!  I've never had a bad pie from Sal's.  Yes, there are a few that my taste buds do not like 110%, but everyone cannot like everything.  Sal's has truly found their niche of gourmet pizza!  I highly recommend this place to anyone!
5	One of the best pizzas I've ever had. Love that they use locally sourced cheeses and heritage pigs for their pork products.  The quality of the ingredients shine through in the superb flavor of the pizza.
5	We were looking for a great pizza after a Badger game and Salvatore's did not disappoint.  The pizza offerings were a mix of old standbys and clever topping pairings like a carbonara pizza.  The toppings were from local providers.It is a small place with maybe 10 tables.  When the wait time exceeded the time we were told, they had a nice appetizer from the kitchen for those waiting, which I thought was a great touch.If I am ever in the Madison area looking for a great pizza, Salvatore's is at the top of my list.
5	Best pizza in Sun Prairie!
5	Were these the best pizzas I've had in Madison? Maybe, if "best pizza" equates to flavor explosions in your mouth, and a lot of them. The pizza toppings were creative but familiar, and the ingredients were fresh and local. I loved the nutty wheat crust, with crispy bottoms and a juicy middle. Salvatore's, if anything, will impress you with good service and good business sense. Checks were split at the onset of order, all cards were taken, and because of our odd number of people and the way we wanted to split the pizza, our server suggested we do 16 cuts instead of the usual 8 -- genius!Even better, I couldn't believe my eyes at the amount and quality of food we had, for the price. Plus, they have Sprite Zero. It's a drive away from where I live, but all these things combined, it's worth the half hour trip in below zero temperatures and blowing snow.
5	Unbelievable pizza! The sauce is excellent as is the crust. The fat uncle Tonys is probably our favorite but we enjoy their non-traditional ones as well. They also have the best gluten free crust . Service can be slow on busy nights but the pizza is so good that it doesn't bother you.
5	Salvatore's Tomato Pies is our hands down favorite pizza!  The basic tomato pie cannot be beat as the sauce is amazing!  I look forward to their daily facebook updates and specials as we have been able to try some amazing new flavor combinations.  We love to eat in the restaurant but use the delivery service often.  Top notch service!
5	Ordered out from here last night. This is our fifth time eating here. Have tried a different pizza each time. Last night had the carbonara. All of the pizza is fantastic. Last night tried the appetizer. Goat cheese, olives, roasted peppers, caramelized shallots. One of the best things I've eaten in a long time. The house salad is also great. Very fresh with delicious house made dressing. Definitely a fantastic addition to Sun Prairie and the entire Madison area.
5	You know how you hear so much about a place being great, that you can't help but be disappointed when you finally try it? Yeah, well that did not happen at Sal's. Perfect crust. Sauce so delicious I could eat a gallon of it with a spoon. Fresh mozz with just a hint of smokiness. Sweet Italian sausage that doesn't leave a pool of grease behind. Tomatoes so fresh you wonder where they got them. Just enough fresh basil on the pies to accent the flavors without overpowering. Friendly staff, and we got there just in time to avoid a wait. Sun Prairie seems so far from Verona, but this place is totally worth the trip.
5	The pizza at this place is delicious! The sauce is so tasty and I love the extra swirl of it you get on most of the pizzas. Also, the servers are very nice and helpful and it's just a cute, comfortable place to eat a great meal. Wish it was in Madison, but it's worth the trip to Sun Prairie!
5	Best pizza I've ever had. Try them for lunch too, they have a quick two slices and a soda deal. My suggestion is order a little cup of sauce to dip the crusts into. Sal's is kid friendly with a play area for young children.
5	My husband and I have driven by Salvatore's a few times but never had stopped in. Driving by last week reminded us of it and after checking their reviews, we wanted to try it out. Sooooo happy we did! Delicious,  fresh and local ingredients.  Yummy pizza and the bacon cheese bread is aaawwwwsome!
4	Wonderful creative pizza, fresh ingredients and a friendly staff. Not your everyday pizza joint, you really need to try this place! I like that you can do half & half pizza one side the anchovy special the other side not.
5	I love supporting local restaurants; the quality of the food is always fantastic, especially when they seem to take a real pride in the quality of their food. Salvatore's food really embodies that and it's a great place for pizza. I ate here on Friday with my husband after work. It was pretty busy, but we got in right before a crowd of people started lining up. We split a garlic bread appetizer which came with buttered sliced bread loaves and a roasted garlic puree served separately. You can do half-and-half orders on pizzas, so we ordered the The Applewood and Farmer John's smoked gouda. The Applewood has apple wood smoked bacon, spinach, and tomatoes and the Smoked Gouda pizza has smoked gouda, caramelized onion, tomatoes, garlic and bacon.  They were also sprinkled with fresh basil; the pizzas were fantastic. I'd highly recommend this place and will be going back again soon.
4	Ok, official Jersey Girl here. Actually, Jersey Shore Girl...(not like those dummies) so given that info, I must tell all I love Wisconsin, I know its Wisconsin cheese that is used on Jersey Pizzas (except for the spots where they make their own mozz) and I totally love living in WI. I must say that some reviews of pizza I have tried I have to understand that unless you have had pizza in Jersey, NY or Philly you dont have the baseline understanding. But! Given that, most reviews have led e to good pizza. I found Sal's before I joined Yelp (yes newbie here) so I was kind of finished before I started.I live in Madison abt a mile and half from Sun Prairie and found Sal's by accident. Driving by I saw "Savatore;s TOMATO PIES" Now being from Jersey, that description :TOMATO PIES: is ONLY used in Jersey.I slammed on the brakes and backed up and went in immediately. Yup.What I found was a treasure. First, the smell upon entering was total Jersey. The place is small but totally Pizzeria. The ambiamce is definitely an upgrade from most Jersey pizzerias even though Matt "Waunaking" Wahoske wants more ambiance in the next restaurant. Hey come on Matt, the Italian tomato cans for a pizza stand and pendant lights is ambiance in a Jersey joint! Hah! Matt is right from this standpoint. Chef dePula's entrees deserve a heavenly setting. His entrees will be another review as this is for the pizza.The crust is perfect. It is Jersey crust... If you like "Chicago" pan pizza (ewww) from a Jersey Girl or thin bar pizza crust, this is not your kind of pizza. But it is a TOMATO Pie and this is perfect Jersey crust. The Lonesome Stone Milling flour they use for the dough, well, what else about that? Its a kindness to the tooth that only real pizza lovers understand.Chef dePula's sauce is exactly what I grew up with in NJ, The fragrance should be bottled so I can wear it as perfume. The taste. Mo bettah than one could ever find, anywhere. Of course the local meats, house made ingredients (ricotta) are total winners. This pizza could ROCK in Jersey...even on the Boardwalk where "Joey Tomato's Pizza" holds the throne. Yes, this is as good if not better than Jersey pizza.I am giving 4 stars for one reason. I wish the dining room was bigger so I can have a family reunion there and it needs much more space so it can be noisy like a Jersey joint. But its 5 star for the food. Hands down.So get thee to Sal's and eat REAL PIZZA! As we say in Jersey,"Jersey is the place where pizza is religion"Im saying now I found my religion now in Sun Prairie.fuggedaboudit!
5	For a pizza place in a strip mall who presents their pizza sitting on a tomato sauce can, this place is incredible.  Best kept secret in the Madison area.  The pizzas are creative and taste amazing!  Do not pass this place up if you are in the neighborhood.  I almost did based on first glance and I would have missed out on some of the best pizza I've ever had.
5	SO GOOD! We were looking for a place open for dinner on Easter. We found this place complete with a waitress wearing bunny ears and whiskers on her face. The house salad was full of fresh (and local) veggies with a perfect amount of dressing. We ordered the C3PO pizza. Full of great flavors. Definitely worth 5 stars and a repeat visit.
5	Just had an excellent experience here!  The service was fantastic and the food was even better! We ordered the house salad (enough for at least three people) with the buttermilk dressing.  It was a perfect starter.  We ordered the C3PO pizza. Just amazing!  It was lovely to get a visit from the owner/chef.  I can't say enough good stuff about this place! This will be our new "go to" dinner out place. It's great to see local places supporting other local businesses.
5	I know there have been a ton of reviews for this place but I'm adding my two cents worth anyway.Last week, chef Tory Miller (Graze/L'Etoile) invaded the kitchen at the renowned Salvatore's Tomato Pies in Sun Prairie to offer up a special 16 inch pie called "The Red Dragon". The event was a special fund-raiser for Sherman Middle School's Garden program.Now those who know me know that I don't typically like spicy foods, and I'm more of a traditionalist when it comes to pizza, so it will be a surprise to most of my friends that I pursued a pizza with Dragon in the name. However, the opportunity to try one of Chef Miller's creations was all the incentive I needed to push my boundaries.....and they were blown away!Luckily reservations had been made,  as shortly after our arrival the somewhat limited dining room was packed and had a waiting line. We ordered a nice bold red to accompany the anticipated hard-charging flavors of the pie and it worked perfectly. As predicted,  the creation lived up to its billing.It was smothered edge to edge with as many ingredients as I've ever seen packed onto a pie. (and I used to work at a pizza place in college, so that's saying something! ) Grilled bok choy, shredded carrots, kimchi, shredded kohlrabi,  pearl rice crackers, cucumber, gochujang sauce (which I believe is a Korean chili infused tomato sauce), pork bugog I (spicy sausage), cheese and eggs (yes...EGGS!) from Pleasant Ridge Farm, and several other ingredients that I can't remember. The flavor assault began with the pie being placed on the tomato can pizza holder and the aroma giving us a hint of what was to come. That first bite was a burst of exploding flavors and the heat started up quickly. What was so special about the pie was that the various ingredients blended so well but each of them showcased itself at one time or another. One bite featured cucumber,  the next had a definite egg flavor,  that would be followed by the kimchi , and so on, until our stomachs held only enough room to enjoy the honey panacotta with macerated berries for dessert. (wonderful itself!) This fortuitously left two slices to take home and enjoy the experience all over again at a later time. Salvatore's has become one of the premier pizza destinations in the Madison area due to its farm-to-table philosophy and its expertly crafted pies. Apparently bigger and better things are in store as our server told us they are hoping to find,  and move into, a new location that will better accommodate their growing legion of fans. With additional special events like this one, and their continual exploration of the pizza flavor frontier, it wouldn't surprise me at all if they had to expand again soon after. I'm looking forward to my next trip back!
2	I have eaten here twice, today being the second time. The first time I got my food to go because the place was so packed, so I cannot comment on the service that day.The food, to go, from first visit:Had the number four pizza, um, tomato pie. It was really good. Reminded me of what my family got in upstate New York as a child. Every topping had great taste and stood out well. The sauce was amazing! Perfect sweet/savory blend that did not overwhelm the rest of the pie but made it one of a kind. They even made the swirl on top like I remember from childhood. I was so excited to find a really good pizza place having just moved here...and then there was today:The food and service, because they were impacted by each-other tonight:Took us about 10 minutes to get a table. Since we did not even come close to getting one last time, I had a feeling something would be different...So it was around 20 minutes before any waitress showed up to greet us. Hmmmm okay...Then we order the following...-Garlic bread: this was done well. Nice crispy outside, tender inside, roasted garlic spread was a nice change. Micro greens provided were refreshing to the palate between bites.- House salad: I loved the variety of veggies they had. I wish they chopped up some of the veggies which they used a mandolin on though. Many of the veggies lost their flavor potential due to being sliced so thin. And large cucumber is difficult to eat like a lady when it is sliced thinly into large round pieces, and your butter knife isn't cutting it (literally and figuratively). The vinaigrette was really good. They did a nice job balancing the oil/vinegar ratio and seasoned  it well.-And the "Tomato pie": number 11, plus we added sausage, since I loved the not oily/ great flavor from it in the first pie I had. It took a really long time for the pizza, actually I will call this cheese bread, to come out. It was placed on our table and the waitress walked away quickly. First thing I notice, NO tomato sauce swirl. Awww, my heart broke just a smidgen. Then I took a bite...okay wait a minute, did I actually go to the wrong place ***checking maps app for my bookmark, no it is the same place I thought I was coming to*** There is no tomato sauce on my pizza at all! Seriously, this place with "tomato pie" in the name, and no tomato sauce....***twilight zone music cues*** So I pull up the menu on my phone, after lifting the cheese to verify I had not just missed the sauce, and I find no notation pertaining to the yummy sauce I remember being there before. So I open Yelp and read reviews...okay no mention of tomato pies without tomato sauce...Now my dilemma. It was like 7ish when we came, now close to 8, and I am eating cheese bread for dinner...bad carb bad! Not worth it. Must not eat until I get side of sauce so at least the flavor will somehow justify my evil carb fest. ***cue crickets chirping, for a long time, long enough to have my piping hot cheese bread thing turn cold, and Reggae turns to 90s rock on the radio*** after what felt like an eternity while what daylight was left went away and darkness took over the sky, I see a hand reach for my empty tea and hear a, "let me get you a refill" and then crap, she's gone before I can speak to, or see her.She brings the refill and notes that my husband has stopped eating at 1/2 piece, and me at one bite, so she asks if we want a box. I felt like a drama queen about to burst when I reply, "no, but may I please have some tomato sauce?"She brings the sauce and I put some on my piece I had started when the food was hot. I manage to stuff down 2 cold slices of cheese bread thing with tomato sauce slopped on it, and we manage to pay and leave.Holy crap, it is like 9:30 and I ate tomato/pie/cheesebread/pizza whatever that was like 15 minutes ago, and I snarled it down. It will be a late night for me tonight!And it was not even busy today compared to last time. I had so much hope for this "tomato pie" restaurant, now I just don't know if I want to come back...And why did I eat it? Should have stopped at the salad.In all seriousness, I would have given the real tomato pie I took to go last time 5 stars, and I do not give anything 5, so if you want a real tomato pie, ask them which pies have the tomato sauce on them and eat while it is hot, you will love it. Hopefully after this book, I will remember to ask case I do come back, before I order.
5	I've ordered from Sal's a handful of times, and they have never disappointed.  Delicious, locally sourced ingredients.  As they say, "Wisco, not Sysco"-love it!  I would definitely recommend this spot, and also the Fat Uncle Tony!
5	I will build a little rock shrine in my backyard and place a tiny pizza statue in it because, dear Lord, I am grateful for Salvatore's. A group of friends and I went to Salvatore's last Saturday night. We arrived early for dinner (5:30) because we didn't want to chance any waiting in line. I have to admit that I am not particularly hungry at 5:30 and I was concerned that I wouldn't really enjoy myself. HA! As soon as we walked in, my stomach made a hideously loud, Pavlovian response-type growling noise. We started our dinner with the Burrata, which is their house-made mozzarella served with crisp bread and strawberries. (I'm busy fashioning a Burrata statue to sit next to my pizza statue)  We followed that with the salad of the day which was lovingly coated with a miraculous pineapple vinaigrette. Sigh. And sigh again because I want more of it now. All of it!Oh my gawd, the pizza. We chose the Tomato Pie and Terrence's Favorite. It's my favorite, too, Terrence. Actually, the Tomato Pie is also my favorite. I have a sneaking suspicion that everything I eat here will be my favorite. So, the sauce. The sauce is fresh tomato-y and not acidic or sweet or overly herby. It's the perfect sauce. It also did not give me indigestion, which while gross to mention in a public forum, is super important to me for the obvious reasons. The hand-tossed crust is the perfect thickness to chewiness to crunchiness ratio. Also, I managed to stuff in some dessert which, that night, was a honey custard. (yep, honey curd statue). DELICIOUS. I use the word delicious because I lack the vocabulary to express how much I was grooving on my honey custard. Plus, it was served in a mini mason jar which is always my favorite custard vessel. I'm always trying to marry food but this time I have drawn up the papers and booked the venue. I LOVE YOU SALVATORE'S.
5	I found this place on Yelp. Surprisingly small, which isn't a bad thing.  Maybe 10 small tables at the most.  We got seated right away. Our waitress saw us fairly soon also.  We got the Bacon Cheese Bread as an appetizer and my husband enjoyed it.  It came with a side of sriracha and mixed greens.  Then what I was most excited about was our gluten free pizza! It's hard to find gluten free restaurants or anything gluten free at restaurants, let alone anything more than a salad.  It is an 11" pizza, which, after ordering it, was plenty for the two of us to share.  But we aren't huge eaters... We ordered the "Fat Uncle Tony" which comes with pepperoni, sausage, and bacon.  Everything here is local and fresh! And you can really tell! So delicious!! I really appreciate that.  The only thing I didn't like was our waitress.  She wasn't friendly at all & wasn't very attentive.  We waited for our check for quite awhile...But that won't prevent me from coming back for some more delicious pizza!
4	4.5 stars. 5 stars for the food. 4 stars for the service.Was in Sal's at about 7:30 PM on a Thursday night with my dad. The place was pretty empty which I was very surprised about. There were a few people who came in for takeout though so that made me feel better. It's a small space, but that doesn't detract from the place at all. It seems to fit nicely with the overall message of Sal's!I would've given this place 5 stars had it not been for the just okay service. Our waitress was on her phone most of the night and while it didn't detract from her serving us, it's just not something I like to see. And the servers were all grouped by the register in front so you could always see what they were doing. And it always seemed they were on their phones. Maybe I'm being a little picky, but that's that.Food was great! (As expected). I had had the Farmer John's Smoked Gouda before so opted for something different. It was awesome that you could split your pie in two and have a specialty on one side and a build your own on the other. I tried Terrence's Favorite per our servers recommendation, and my dad ordered pepperoni, sausage, onions and mushrooms on his half. Everything was super yummy! I would pay big bucks for that sauce and put it on everything. The crust was also perfect. Not soggy at all with just the right amount of crunch on the crust. I absolutely cannot wait to try my next pizza from Sal's! From what I've tasted, it's no surprise they're the best pizza in Madison!Maybe just try and keep your servers off of their phones while they're working.
5	Sal's gives me the perfect excuse to go to Sun Prairie.   I have been here three times as of this review and I will just add to the other reviewers and say this place is just great!  Not normally a pizza person but I gave this place a chance and I'm so happy that I did.  On my first visit I had the C3PO which was amazing!  Second was the Red Dragon on a guest chef night by Tory Miller; this may probably be the best pizza I have ever had.  On the third visit I had My Fat Uncle Tony (I believe that was the name).  Either way, that was great too!  I love that they have different specials every time I'm there.  The toppings are very fresh and the staff is always so friendly.  I am so happy to have found this place though I am hoping for a Madison location soon!
5	My family I love this pizza.  Our favorite is the Fat Uncle Tony but you can't go wrong with any of the pies.
5	I've visited Sal's twice and was extremely impressed on both visits. The pizza is delicious and the ingredients are fresh. The specials are always creative and enticing. The only downside is that the restaurant can get very loud.
5	This is the only place one should spend their money on pizza in Wisconsin. We are spoiled rotten having this so close to our house! I have loved everything I have ever had here! My favorite is the one with arugula and and egg. So creamy and flavorful. They do have kids tomato pies for a steal! Big enough for my 2 to share. Just wine and beer, but a great selection. A weekly addiction for us!
5	Yep, this is the best pizza in the area. I was a little hesitant (why would I go all the way to Sun Prairie for a restaurant...?), but Sal's didn't disappoint. The service was friendly, music was great, and the pizza was incredible. It's hard to find a nice thick crust that isn't too fluffy or too chewy...this had the perfect consistency. I could eat a whole pie of just the crust...Get fig, bacon, and goat cheese as your toppings. You won't regret it.Also, you can pay using the restaurant's iPhone with Square. My friends and I were in a rush and the waiter came up to each of us individually to swipe our cards & sign as we were finishing our food, which was super easy & convenient.I'll be back to try more than the pizza!
5	So much love for Salvatore's! You can tell that they use good, whole, real ingredients from the bottom up.  The crust... Oh the crust!  The perfect balance of chew and crunch make this my favorite part of the pie.Or, well, wait....no.  The cheese.  The whole milk, local cheese that beings a slightly salty, richness has to be my favorite.  That's it.Hmmm......but how could I forget the sauce?  The fresh, bright sauce that is kissed with herbs that pirouettes across the surface of each pie like a graceful ballerina?  Surely that's the key component that makes Salvatore's a standout. It's all 3.  This classic Tomato Pie is a beautiful because it is whole, it is real, and unfussy.  A beautiful medley that I have been known to meander to Sun Prairie for twice in one week.  The other pies are wonderful as well,  but I always, always order a classic Tomato Pie as well.  The staff is wonderful and the service is great.  Always a smile and a great suggestion for a new beer they have on house.My only complaint?  No Chianti on the wine menu.  Every once in a while a glass of Ruffino Riserva would hit the spot.
5	Easily the best tomato pie (pizza) in the area.The ingredients are varied, local and high quality.We've had every pizza on the menu and quite a few of their crazier creations. They consistently fail to make a bad pizza. I don't even like goat cheese and they manage to make it good.
5	Shame on me for not Yelping Salvatore's Tomato Pies sooner. I have dedicated my Sundays as Salvatores's tomato pie day. Well actually, I keep ordering the same pizza because it is so darn good. I think Sal's is becoming a Sunday habit. Our first visit we dined in and shared the burratta appetizer and the sausage, caramelized onion, red pepper, and goat cheese pizza. Number Four on the menu.  Please please please order the burratta if you are dining in. You will thank me for making such a wise choice for your taste buds. It is this deliciously creamy mozzarella inside a soft yet somewhat firm shell of more mozzarella with basil. Melt in your mouth deliciousness.  Our 2nd, 3rd, and 4th visit to Sal's have been carryout for that addicting pizza with the sausage and goat cheese. You can tell Sal's makes the sausage and puts a ton of love into their pizza craft. The dough is ultra thin yet fresh and yeasty- like the pizza I had in Italy. We don't order pizza anywhere else anymore now that we found Sals.........or has Sal found us? Either way Sundays are not complete without that Number Four pizza. Oh, staff are excellent and seam to really like their jobs too so that is an added bonus. I never had to wait long. Actually, They had my pizza ready 5 minutes before they opened and let me in to get it. That's some service!
5	Best pizza of my life, cheerful and friendly service, and a bright atmosphere. I couldn't ask for more!
5	Well this is my second review of Sal's as I feel compelled to spread he word. I have been quite ill for awhile and off the radar but now I'm back and if course the first place I want to eat from is Sals.I'm originally from the Jersey Shore ( where pizza is religion ) and also where we call it Tomato Pies. I have eaten pizza from Brooklyn ny to SanDiego  ( oops Hawaii also) and from Aruba to most of Europe. I have had my share of pizza in Italy and Sicily in addition.What I am about to say may seem over the top but as I have been classically trained as a chef in both full cuisine and pastry I think my opinion might qualify as acceptable.Sals hands down is the best pizza I have ever had the privilege of eating. The fresh ingredients focusing on the Farm to Table, Sea to Table and All Wisco No Sysco delights my chef 's heart . I am going This Tuesday evening for my first dinner at Salvatore's as opposed to my obsession with the Tomato Pies and I KNOW it is going to be an experience which takes me back to my culinary school days in Europe. Our teachers in Europe are famous chefs now and I was privileged to have been trained by this elite group and also to have been fed by them.Eating a Tomato pie at Sals reminds me of those days as I know my dinner there will do the same. Tuesday night is going to be glorious as I know Chef dePula is one of those masters in culinary who only come along once in a great while. I pray I get to eat many Tomato pies and as many dinners before he becomes the country's chef and not just ours. I wish him well in his culinary journey as I am never wrong abt a chef who reaches for the stars... THE BEST PIZZA ANYWHERE, EVER!
5	Amazing crust, sauce, cheese, sausage and spinach. Highly recommended. Drove 30 minutes for this pizza and it was well worth it. Very flavorful cheese & bacon bread. Friendly staff, homey atmosphere- felt like a neighborhood mom & pop shop in Italy!
4	Just had my first tomato pie, we ordered the #4, and it was awesome! The goat cheese & the red sauce & the crust made it for me (there were other ingredients as well). Best $22 I have spent in a long time! I deducted one star because it is a long trek out to SP from Deerfield and we were told it would be ready at 5:30, but wasn't out of the oven until 6:00pm, I think they were pretty busy, I understand, I will be back for sure. My new pizza place :)
5	Yup.  um. Where do I even start.  I first went to get their gluten free pizza.  Not bad at all for being gluten free.  Then I brought my pizza-nazi parents.  My dad ordered the pizza with the fried egg.  A big no-no in my mom's book but it was so right!  Ooooey and gooey in all the right places.My mom got the mediterranean pizza and she said she will fly from WA just to get this pizza.  Well, it could have been the garlic spread for the garlic bread that helped her make that decision but none the less, the food is amazing.Now, everytime I bring up Sun Prairie or Salvatore's, my parents immediately get irritated.  It is just as dangerous now that they have one opening up closer to downtown.  Their pizzas are a genius mix of flavors, most of which I would not have thought of.  Their daily specials are borderline artistic and push the envelope in creativity.  They post their daily specials on facebook and even the pictures make me drool.Yup. go.  Just go. Now.
5	sorry Sals for not providing an update sooner. That Sausage pizza with the goat cheese and roasted peppers is like pizza crack. We can't get enough. You guys rock
5	All I can say is wow! I did not expect this in sun prairie. I just moved here and I have had pizza from all over the country and their fig and bacon is by far one of the best I have ever had anywhere--hands down!You don't need to read anything else just come here and try it for yourself! It is amazing!!
5	Best pizza in the greater Madison area.  Get the Fat Uncle Tony's if you are a meat & basil lover.
5	This place truly defines what a family pizza place should be like.  They use fresh ingredients and make a damn good pizza.  To start with we got the garlic bread which was unlike anything I have ever had before.  It comes with a sauce and a salad, both blew me away.For the pizza we spit it half spicy cheese and half a veg.  It was awesome.  Even the crust and dough that they use has a particular flavor that remided me of the pizza we had in NYC.  The best thing was you could tell that the ingredients were fresh with basil, tomatoes, and sauce that was nothing like I have had in the past.  If we are ever in the area we will definitely be back.  They also have a good beer and wine section.
4	Very unique and tasty gluten free pizzas. Crust was good, but the toppings made the pizza.
5	Well...Salvatore's never ever disappoints! You must know by now that Chef Patrick dePula is going to be larger than life on the Madison food scene. Chef DePula gets fresh...Jaques Pepin says that " ordinary ingredients give you ordinary food." Well, Chef DePula only cooks and prepares food with extraordinary, fresh, farm to table ingredients. .. the result is a meal that even the pickiest chef would enjoy. My time cooking professionally is on hold for abit but I'm still a pickier than picky Chef. I can be obnoxious at times when eating at restaurants because of my training and my absolute requirement that food be ALL WISCO...NO SYSCO.Chef DePula never ever disappoints!!!If you don't get just how good the food is at Salvatore's. ..you do not know good cuisine. Period.
5	Sooo Delicious! We had the house salad, which was a simple mixed greens with a mix of fresh organic vegetables, then a delicious pizza with the most delicious pepperoni, mushrooms and fresh basil, so good. Highly recommend. Friendly, cute little place.
5	My my. What have we here? The best pizza in the state? Probably. At least it's hard to imagine anything exceeding it. Hand-crafted, hand-tossed, beautifully baked. And that sauce! Just wow. While the dimly lit dining room neither adds to nor detracts from the experience, that's OK--the 'zas are the main attraction. Fresh and local ingredients add complex textures. Whether you seek old-school minimalist or hipster gourmet pies, this place does them perfectly. My faith in pizza awesomeness is restored.
5	Suggestions:Go early or get take outAlways order the bacon cheese breadGo halfsies to avoid having to choose one pizza (Farmer John and Fat Uncle Tony is my favorite combo)Order a beer
4	I had the special whatever it was but it was good. I wouldn't say amazing but from all the reviews they must make some good pizzas it's just picking the right one. Had to wait a while too.
5	When enjoying Salvatore ' s pizza for the first time I had to ask myself if it was the best THING I've ever eaten, because it was certainly the best pizza I've ever enjoyed. Though the specials are often amazing, the Farmer John's smoked gouda is always the go-to for me. Compounding the great food is the great works done in the community to advance healthy, local food consumption. Keep it up Sal's!
3	I really wanted to like this place - I did.  I like the concept of using fresh, local ingredients but think the execution is poor.  This isn't the best pizza I feel that I've had in the Madison area, and is far from it.  We ordered the one with sausage and mushrooms.  There was so little sauce on the pizza that we thought we were eating just cheese on a crust.  The sauce that was on it had no flavor.  There were barely any toppings as well.  For about $20, this was a very disappointing pizza, indeed.  The thin crust wasn't crisp and was instead a floppy mess.  Our three year old who normally loves most pizza, refused to eat more than one bite.
5	Sometimes I wish that I could buy a candle that smells like this place, but then I'd probably eat the candle.This place is still the best. I think it always will be. I must warn you, though, once you taste their pies they will ruin all other pizza for you. Chicago won't live up to it. New York won't live up to it. A lot of people view pizza as something that you order for take out or delivery during the week because you had a busy day, or you don't know what you want for dinner. They view it as a quick and easy option. I feel like Sal's is out to change that thought. THE best? Yes. Go.
5	So... After sharing a little disappointment with a local pizza house favorite, a very cool and local yelpster stepped in and made a few other alternative pie house recommendations here In the madison area.  The only unfortunate part was that the pizza house he recommended was up in the sun Prairie area. After a few months traveling back-and-forth to Madison, I was able to talk one of my colleagues and a traveling out to Sun Prairie with me this past Wednesday evening. He pulled up and looked at the facility and Merv quite pleased - it's certain look like it contains all the elements for a great pizza house. You walked in and we are greeted by an extremely friendly server named McKenzie - cute too!  She was extremely informative on how they used a lot of farm to table ingredients for their pizzas... Going over much of the menu with us. Faring having a similar experience as we did at the Greenbush with that local bacon being overly smoky and taking over the flavor of the pizza... We elected to go with a traditional pie. This is by far the best pizza I have had in Madison to date. It still blows my mind that for a state that has some of the best cheese in the country a good pizza is very hard to come by. Perhaps it's just that we are currently in an Epicurean social dilemma were most pizzas have to be doctored up with salads, fruits and odd proteins. Salvatori's pizza pie however nailed it. The crust was excellent, the ingredients were delicious and the sauce was really tasty. Speaking of sauce... I noticed it was on top - clearly a little East Coast emphasis, More specifically New Jersey. Of course after finding this location, a bit of depression set in knowing that this place was about 45 to 50 minutes from my hotel where I stay in Madison. McKenzie, our extremely cute and informative server delightfully shared with us that they are opening up a new location downtown!!  Thank you Matt for reaching out and sharing this little nugget with me - it's excellent pizza and I'd highly recommend it to anyone who's traveling in the far north east side of Madison!
5	One of the best pizza places I've been in a long time.  Creative pizzas with fresh ingredients.  Great service, excellent salad.  Definitely going to hit it up again
5	Time for a party. My guy turns 60. We discuss our options.... Heritage, Cento, Rare, Tempest.... nah, we decide to go to Salvatore's to celebrate.There are 11 of us. I reserve my spot for a Saturday night. A few days before the event I stop at Salvatore's to plan ahead. The manager helps me review my options. I decide to create four pies which meets everyone's special needs. Five people do not eat pork, one can't have onions and is lactose intolerant, 2 hate mushrooms and there is one vegetarian. Kill me. I make the executive decision to create the pies myself when I get home. The thought of eleven hungry people trying to work this out was too ugly to imagine. I felt like Mike McCarthy trying to design that "special play".So last night we pile into two cars and head to Sun Prairie. The waitress was thrilled with my clearly written order. Our table was all set up. She immediately took our drink order. She was warm and efficient.  We waited just long enough and then the 4 beauties appeared. I won't tell you the details but moaning was heard around the table as everyone took their first bite. The crust is amazing and the toppings high quality. The only thing that really didn't work was a white bean concoction that was to replace the cheese on half the pizza. Better to just do without.We ate it all, talked and laughed. I picked up the bill without feeling too much pain. Thank you Salvatore's for a stellar experience!
5	Amazing!  From the time we walked in to the time we left, we felt at home.  I will admit I'm a bit of a pizza snob, having lived in Italy for a bit.  The pizza here is just as good.  The ingredients are fresh and local.  The service was friendly and attentive.  Can't wait to become a regular!
5	The pizza is amazing. We stopped in when they opened on a Sunday and the restaurant filled within 10 minutes. I cannot wait until we dine there again. They have other food but the pizza was so amazing I might have to go 3 or 4 times before I try anything else. This is literally the best pizza I have ever tasted. A close 2nd is a Neapolitan place in Sheboygan, WI. AMAZING PIZZA!
5	Best food in sun prairie hands down! And best lunch deal - $6 for two slices of pizza and a soda. Best workers, best restaurant!
5	Picked up a pizza from here. I'm from Chicago and have very high standards when it comes to pizza. This places, by far, has the best pizza I've had it Wisconsin.
4	This pizza was good.  Real good.  If anything, I'd like to float this at around 4.5 stars.  I didn't get to explore much of the menu, but the pizza was solid all around.  Good flavor, good sauce/crust/cheese ratio.Joins Via/Transfer in MKE as some of the better pizza places in Wisconsin.
2	Not really sure what all the hype is about. After reading such great reviews, my husband and I decided to try this place out. Being new to the area, we were hoping to find a good pizza place in the area, but ended up being pretty disappointed and doubt we will return. The staff here was good. I appreciate friendly servers and attentive service. I was not impressed by the atmosphere, which was very small. We were seated at a tiny table, and I wasn't sure how our pizza, along with our drinks were going to even fit. I like a bit more table room. There were no decorations or frills whatsoever about this place, and it didn't put off the fun, warm vibe I was hoping for. I would say the pizza was average, at best. I didn't find anything special about the crust or the sauce, and the prices I found to be on the high side, so I was expecting more. I was hoping to find a good pizza place in the area for my family and I to frequent, but this fell quite short of our expectations and I doubt we will return.
5	Have had just about every pizza on the menu. EVERY.SINGLE.ONE.is. DELICIOUS!!!I can't recommend them enough.Oven fired gourmet pizzas that have a GF crust-what a treat and never disappointed with the quality, taste, or service.Highly recommended
