3	Recently visited Pittsburgh for a leadership conference and was told by my fellow conferees about this place.  So we trotted back for dinner to discover that we needed reservations.  We chose to sit at the bar and order...luckily a near by table opened up and the four of us moved over.  We started with cocktails and needless to say that the white sangria was wonderful!!!   We ordered our separate entrees; one of us ordered a salad and the famous mac and cheese(very good), one of us ordered the special, one of us ordered the lamb shank(so tender it fell off the bone and was well seasoned), and I ordered the jerk chicken with a plantain mash and corn on the cob.  What I expected for the plantain mash was that the plantain would be mashed like potatoes.  It was not the case...which slightly disappointed me.  It was actually mashed potatoes with bits of plantain and bacon.  It was tasty.  We each took a bite of each dish to discover that everything was very good.   We finished what we could and decided to share dessert.  We had the marscapone cheesecake with a ring of white chocolate around it .  It did not disappoint.  I gave this place a three because the service, was rather slow.  Since we were at the bar, we had the bartenders also as wait staff.  Next time, if I am ever in Pittsburgh, I will make sure reservations are made!!
3	I was torn between two and three stars. The food was decent, but not great. Some other dishes I saw looked pretty good as well. The service was mediocre at best.We had the calamari and rock shrimp appatizer. It wasok. They put too much sauce all over everything for me. Then I had a petite filet...and they weren't kidding about petite!! Once again they drowned it sauce and was just ok.If I was back in Pitt I would try this place again, but I would go in already thinking it was going to be just ok.
3	Food is okay, though service is not. We have been here twice, once for lunch and once for dinner. Waited forever for service both times and it wasn't that busy.I had "Miso glazed tofu, wild mushroom ginger lemongrass ragout; mushroom consomme" appetizer, which was pretty much the only vegetarian choice, and it was good, though nothing I couldn't make at home. My dinner, "Homemade goat cheese citrus ravioli, Jersey beets, apples; pepper crme fraiche" was also good, though the beets didn't quite do it for me.Dessert was a bread pudding, which was a bit dry.It is not an expensive dinner out, so that took some of the sting off the miserable service.
2	I was very disappointed. The service was sloppy and the time between courses was forever. The soup came cold (sent it back) and we ordered crab cakes and they were mushy and ground to dust. No taste but darn expensive. I would not go back. There are a LOT better downtown.
4	My wife and I love when we stumble on a great place! We went for Sunday Brunch. The menu had everyone covered. sweet, savory, spicy and traditional. The food was great.The Smoked Bloody Mary was even better! Too bad they only make that on Sundays.If you are stuck in a Hotel downtown, don't settle for a powdered eggs and  dry white toast. Get out and try it!Happy hour was great too.
3	This is a classy place, with a great roof deck and drink menu, as well as a creative entree menu overall.  And the whole time I'm there, I can't help but think:  "I can't believe that this is owned by Eat 'N Park. I've been there for lunch and dinner, as well as just drinks.  All experiences have been positive.  One of my favorite things about Six Penn (besides the roof deck) is that you can book reservations online.  This makes it very easy/convenient for business lunches. For lunch, I'd recommend the Cuban Quesadilla, which is light enough not to make you tired when you get back to work, but still filling and very tasty.   I've also had the Wood Oven Roasted Pizza, which is excellent and very filling. I swear I didn't think while eating those things that "I can't believe this is owned by Eat 'N Park".  Honest. For dinner, it's almost as though the atmosphere turns to an older crowd, with a lot of the theater-goers going there before of after the show. For dinner, I'd recommend the Jamison Farm Lamb Shank, which looks like something you'd find at the LeMont (appearance only - not going to argue quality as I am no chef). For drinks, this place is top 10 in terms of creativity.  I had lunch there with someone who works for the Eat 'N Park Hospitality Group, who told me that they hired a Mixologist to create new drinks for them.  Where is the line to apply for being a mixologist.  Can you imagine the mixologist's surprise when he confirmed that it was Eat 'N Park calling? This is not a dig on Eat 'N Park...I'm just saying....And last but not least, there's the roof deck.  It's a little small, but it's awesome.  There are little patio-like areas for people to sit, and a bar in the back. Decent views of part of the skyline.  Why don't we have more roof-top decks in this town?  Great summer destination.
4	I've passed by this place several times and wondered about it- exterior was interesting enough to catch my eye. Place actually had the fee of an older steakhouse. Service was decent. All of the food I tasted was excellent- fried octopus, a water melon salad, and samples from two different cuts of steak. Steak was actually amazing. Beer selection was reasonable but not extravagant...better than average bar of course. Lighting was a little dark..seems like a good place to take your family (parents I mean, didn't really seem geared towards families with children). Business casual dress at least.
3	I have been here several times before, but last night was the first time I was on the rooftop deck.  The deck is probably the best thing about this place it's only too bad I discovered it at the end of summer.  The food overall is a little above average.  I'd consider it like an Atrias with a little more flair in the menu and definitely nice that it's not a national chain.  This placed is owned by the fine folks at Eat n Park.  I sampled a few drinks in the downstairs bar having had a sip of a very good dry martini and enjoying a full serving of an average kettle one rocks dirty.  The wine selection was relatively week and even though the prices were good for the wine I would have paid more for a better selection.  The sangria was a little too sweet and I'd say from an alcohol standpointonly a minor step up from kool aid.  We tried the pizza which was really good.  It had great buffalo mozzarella, some fresh basil, and a very thin crispy crust.  The upstairs deck had a decent amount of seating with a few cabanas which provided for some privacy.  Unfortunately, they only had a limited bar with a couple of wine and spirits options and NO MARTINIS??  The staff was very pleasant and I didn't wait for a drink all night and the food was delivered promptly, which is saying a lot because there was 10 of us.  The onion rings were pretty good, they were the straw type onion rings, not the big thick kind that I like and were served with a spicy ketchup.  The lobster mac was delicious with plenty big pieces of lobster not tiny indistinguishable chunks.  This was a very heavy dish and came in a big first course portion.  The wings had great seasoning, some type of caribbean style I'd guess.  However, they were very small with little meat on them.  We also tried a scallop appetizer that was cooked perfectly and big and plump, however the seasoning overpowered the delicate flaver of the sea scallops.  Overall this is a perfectly acceptable not quite fine, but reasonabbly priced finer dining establishment conveniently located with a great deck.  I'll be back.  This place probably deserves 3 1/2 stars.
2	I would really really love to like this place.  It is next to where I work, and seems to have the right "cost/ambience" ratio for a lot of work related meals.  The ambience is actually fine, the service is fine as well, though it seems like most of the servers are in training at any given moment.  The problem is that the food is really really inconsistent.  I am not particularly picky and I think that I can fairly discern when a dish is not my cup of tea (i.e., uses ingredients that I do not like, e.g., eggplant) vs. just plain awful recipes.  I once ordered crab cakes here.  the dish came with two crab cakes. They were so awful, that I could not eat more than 1/4 of one cake--even though I was hungry and would have like to have eaten them.  They have a couple of nice things like their super thin potato fries, but it is just not a great place.  Again--I wish it were, there is great copper cladding on the outside that is oxidizing nicely, they serve decent sandwiches for lunch so it will probably survive as a business lunch place but I don't think it is up to snuff as a place to look forward to for a meal.  One thing I like about the place is that they have some pots/buckets on top where they grow some of their own produce.  I doubt it is enough for all of their needs, but I like the effort.  What is sad is that despite some really great concepts and ideas, they just do not execute their food in a way that I can recommend.
5	We went in for an early dinner on a cold and gloomy Saturday. We had reservations and were seated right away, the restaurant wasn't very busy. We were led to a long narrow table right next to a huge group. We rebelled and asked for a booth. The host staff pondered a bit and said well, we can give you a booth, but we will be needing it by 6:45. Yeah, right. We will hurry thru dinner to give your table back. Ha ha. Sure, I said. We took the booth. Service was very attentive and warm and friendly. We both had salads. For dinner, B.J. selected the Lobster Mac N Cheese. We were both expecting very little evidence of lobster, but there was actually a good quantity. The pasta and the cheese sauce was very delicious. I love this dish! I opted for the Surf & Turf. They have since changed the menu, but my steak was a perfectly grilled filet mignon with a super yummy crab cake. For dessert, we had the winter trio. It was a small portion of ginger cake and a huge creme brulee. Loved, loved, loved dessert. I love this restaurant.
3	I've been to Six Penn a couple of times for lunch and dinner now.  It's a nice spot, but not the top of the list.  If you are looking for some "home" cooking it's a good choice.The food isn't anything to brag about and it isn't too inexpensive, but I wouldn't count it out.  The rooftop bar is nice, private and more of an outdoor lounge.  It is actually comfortable to sit rather than most outdoor places in the city they just use metal patio chairs.
3	I had gone out on a whim one weeknight after making a last minute reservation.  I was pleasantly surprised with the types of appetizers and entrees that they had available; however, for an atmosphere that is not fine dining, they were kind of expensive.  Don't let that scare you away from this great find down in the cultural district.  I ordered their version of a 'surf & turf', which was a type of an open-faced sandwich that has a crab cake and a small portion of ribeye on the top of it.  The crab cake had a lot of breading in it and just fell apart, and the ribeye was not cooked properly.  I didn't bother staying for dessert, mainly because I wasn't interested in paying $12+ for desserts that are pretty unoriginal.The one thing I can tell you is that the service was pretty good.  For those of you who have never been there, I'd recommend that you go at least once.  It strikes me as a place that is very good for a few drinks or maybe a quick dessert after a show at Heinz Hall - but I'd recommend that you take a quick look first before you dive in for the full meal.
3	Pros: Convenient for an evening out at the cultural district. Nice ambiance. Cons: the food quality is a bit hit or miss, as is the service.  The restaurant does get very busy, and when they are running at full capacity, the kitchen can turn out under prepared food and the waitstaff can be too overwhelmed to check on your table.Bottom line: a pleasant place to wait out the post theatre traffic with a drink. To maximize my chance of a satisfying meal, I'd stick to dishes with less trendy ingredients (e.g., basic burger, pasta). The chef doesn't quite have the chops to successfully execute very complicated dishes.
5	Nice spot in the heart of the Cultural District.  By avoiding the theater rush on a weeknight, we had a lovely meal with very attentive service.  The pace of the meal was perfect, and the chilled soup and strawberry mojitos hit the spot on a warm summer night.  There were many other dishes on the menu that looked amazing, though, so I'll definitely have to visit again.
5	Had a late lunch here this past week. Just down the street from the Pittsburgh Renaissance Hotel where I was staying.Got a table for one. Looked over the menu and decided on the wood fired meatloaf with mashed potatoes and gravy, and asparagus. Plus water.They serve your water in these cool little old fashioned style milk bottles (see attached pix). They pour some water for you into your glass and then leave you with extra water in the bottle - I loved this touch!The place was really hopping when I arrived - very busy! Took about 15 minutes for my food to come up.When the dish arrived (see attached pix), it was a very nice presentation of a basic meat and potatoes meal. I tasted the meatloaf first - it was absolutely delish and amazing! It had a wonderful richness and savory aspect to it - and yet was not heavy - in fact it had a lightness to it. In stark contrast to the really *heavy* dense meatloaf I had at the Landmark Diner in Atlanta earlier in the week.The gravy and mashed potatoes were also very good. The Asparagus tasted like it was lightly steamed.Service was good and I really like this restaurant. There is a second level upstairs which I did not see - and apparently a roof deck area that is some times open in the evenings for the enjoyment of beverages.
4	Great food, fried calamari is the best, wait time isn't the greatest and the only parking space you will get is a parking garage across the street $5.00 toll. Nice atmosphere and a nearby location to any part of Pittsburgh.
3	An upscale experiment from the Eat N Park Executives this cultural district hot spot is a delicious and more affordable option then other places downtown. If your looking for a nice night out without breaking the bank head here. Six Penn brings some of the best local farms has to offer to your table. Try the Jameson Farms Lamb Bolognese. Also try their signature Pork Shank. The service could be more consistent though.
3	I had heard Six Penn was great so I expected to be wow'd.  Even a Sean Penn sighting could not make this restaurant rise above mediocrity.I ordered the smoked pork chop with honey-thyme demi, cornmeal waffles, and bacon braised greens.  This was one of the better double "thick" pork chops that I have eaten.  I was pleasantly surprised by its juiciness even though it was 3 inches thick.  I also got the "Mac n Cheese."  The food was just average.  I was not mesmerized nor do I really remember it.Alas, the food is unexceptional for the premium you are paying.  Our server was friendly and attentive.  However, I felt like the seating was a little crammed for an "upscale" eatery.  Tables around us were just an arm's length away.
2	Okay I read the reviews and went to to have a bit for dinner. The prices where out of control in my opinion. I had a bowl of soup that tasted okay.... had a 9 dollar glass of sub par wine and left.
3	My co-workers and I had heard about this place and we were anxious to give it a try.  It's a bit of a walk from work (the Federal Building), so we decided what better weather than a beautiful October day in the 'Burgh to take a little stroll over here?  The food here is pretty decent, but I'd have to say it was a little pricey.  In all fairness though, they do have interesting selections here--much better than your standard "burgers-to-go" places.  Most sandwiches run around $10.00 each.  Entrees run somewhat more.  They do have a roasted pizza with mozzerella, basil and roasted tomatoes that sounded tempting.  I tried the "Turkey Bobby" which is turkey breast, bread stuffing, cranberry sauce & mayo on ciabatta.  But this place gets very busy around lunchtime and it seems that they get very overwhelmed here.  It's better to go between 1pm and 2pm for a late lunch like we did.  They  serve dinner here and brunch too.  It's probably better to go then.  They do have one brunch item that sounds interesting:  the breakfast sausage corndog.  It comes with 2 eggs, tater tots, and Hollandaise sauce.
2	We kept on coming back here because it is so very convenient as a post-concert hangout. My dining experience there, sadly, has declined further. The menu still attempts to lure you in with intriguing descriptions of ingredients and preparations that demand a more competent chef than whom they have. More unsatisfying, though is their recent tendency to cut corners and short change you. To wit:1. The bread "basket" is now a thin slice of bread the size of a 3"x5" index card for each diner. Sure, you can ask for more, but they will only dole out another measly "basket"... whenever they get around to it.2. I ordered a salad that was described as "baby oak leaves with gorgonzola, bosc pear, and walnuts." The first time it arrived, there was no cheese or nuts, just a lot of leaves and one slice of pear. The second time around, I got a slightly smaller mound of leaves with the missing cheese and nuts, but the one actual slice of pear has now been reduced to two end pieces -- pear skins the size of quarters. 3. Because the menu had slim vegetarian pickings, my companion asked for the vegetable and pasta sides from their short rib dish. At the end of the meal, we were unpleasantly surprised to find that she has been charged for the full price of the meat dish. The kitchen's response "we gave her more pasta to make up the difference."  Because our table ordered both the meat version and the meatless version, we could see that the meatless version didn't have *that* much more pasta. Per ounce, that might have been the most expensive bit of pasta in all of greater Pittsburgh.In summary, Six Penn is not the worst place to grab a bite if you are already in the cultural district, but you have to be willing to overpay for a so-so experience.
4	I went to Six Penn not knowing or hearing anything about it so I didn't know what to expect. Looking at just the decor, I thought to myself, this has to be one of those classic steak house's with a menu consisting of just 7 cuts of meat and potatoes. Upon looking at the menu though, I was surprised to find classic Americana with a twist. Listing such items as meatloaf with sauerkraut bacon mashed potatoes, popcorn grits, pork chops w/apple cider soy glaze, and lobster or buffalo chicken mac and cheese. All with detailed ingredients that were a little amusing like butternut pesto cous cous, and serrano apple puree, and english peas. I always make fun of menu's like this because it's like... oh... serrano apple puree, and english peas taste much better and is more sophisticated than just apple puree and peas. I know chef's use descriptive phrases like these to liven up the menu but come on. The ambiance and decor is sophisticated and is dressy to casual which pairs well with the upwardly mobile clientele they attract. The dining areas are dimly lit, which is very pleasant and is appointed with dark cherry wood furniture with brass accents. I was here for a private dinner party which occupied the entire upper level so I'm not quite sure if the staff was giving us special attention but the service was impeccable. And they were more than willing to accommodate the requests we had. First they allowed us to use the roof top terrace even though it was closed. The terrace is not very big but was complete with sofas and tables which was perfect for cocktails. While on the terrace it got a little chilly. So we asked if they could turn on the outdoor propane heaters and 3 employees tried unsuccessfully for about 30 min never giving up. And it wasn't until we told them it was not necessary anymore that they stopped. Now that's service!! All in all it was an excellent dining experience. The food was great but I have to say the staff was what made it excellent, and I do recommend it to anyone who is in the area.
3	I enjoy the food and the ambiance of Six Penn. The limited menu is nice some times, and other times I wish they had standard fare. Great place for drinks and the food is usually quite good. Pricy, yes, but that is the point of the place I think.
3	The food was good . We ordered several items off the appetizer menu . The problem was the service . It was very very slow . After we sat down , we didn't see a server for ten minutes and there was only one other table occupied in the place. I had to get up and complain . Once I did , the service improved dramatically .
5	I ate here while on business in Pittsburgh. I had wandered for hours all over Pittsburgh with the intention of casually stumbling upon a place for lunch. I had a little more trouble then I anticipated. It came to the point where I was desperate and about to jump off of one of the many bridges leaving downtown that I had crossed that day. Finally, to save me from the icy freezing february waters of the Allegheny River I stumbled across Six Penn. The first thing I noticed: it's warm. At that point it was all I really cared about. I was seated immediately at a table for two and I sat facing the street so I could look out. My waiter was very friendly and came over immediately with water. I asked what he would suggest on the menu, but unfortunately suggested almost all meat plates (I'm not a big meat eater). That's when I saw under appetizers just what I wanted that day: A grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup (9).  I also ordered a side of their homemade potato chips that I had seen someone else with (3). Food: Deeeelish! The tomato soup was wonderful! Thick and creamy and hot and delicious. The grilled cheese sandwich: cheesy and buttery and an artery clogger, but just what I needed at the time. And the homemade potato chips were to die for. I also ordered desert, I got the brownie sundae (6.50). The desert was decent, but I was expecting a little more for the price, still very good though.I recommend Six Penn Kitchen and if I ever go back I will try it for dinner as my waiter mentioned there was a separate dinner menu.
3	I visited here with a friend when I was recently in Pittsburgh.  Yum!  We went for brunch.  I started with the mini eclairs (not the name on the menu... can't remember the actual name).  They were warm and DELICIOUS!!  For my meal, I had their meat omelet.  It was quite tasty and stuffed to the gills.  Oh Six Penn, it's lucky I don't live in Pittsburgh!
3	Why dine when you can nibble? Six Penn is by the theaters. They're hoping you're a visiting tourist. You're too tired to walk to the strip. Let's face it, this place has location location location, hence the hefty price tag ($16-$33 per entree) and swanky decor. That being said, they've also got some pretty good grinds for the average Joe in jeans and a leather jacket. The upstairs roof bar had $5-$7 appetizers and drink specials, but the food was downsized and focused on the greasy (think tempura fried mini hot dogs) Do we really need to make pigs in a blanket sound fancy schmancy? Can't we just give into guilty pleasure and enjoy? Instead, sit with the suits and do like we did: Share a salad - No cost to split the beet and goat cheese salad with balsamic reduction. Watch out for the red peppercorns mixed in with the goat cheese - these could use a finer grind. Have a daily soup - $5 for a good sized bowl of sweet potato soup. Great spice, drizzled with creme fresh and chives. Almost tasted like it had some peanuts in it. Definitely the highpoint of the evening. Get more bread - their garlic foccacia is really garlicky!!! Who needs butter? Well maybe just a little bit :) Order up some sides - We had the soft pretzels which had a little herb, rock salt and Parmesan to set off the whole seed mustard. Yummy. We also tried the homemade kim chee, but this came surprising mixed with brown rice. This is not Hawaii style kim chee fried rice, but kim chee mixed with rice. Bleh. The kim chee would have been better served alone, it has a nice sour flavor (not authentic) but also packs some heat which I like. Mac n. cheese was OK. Baked on top and saucy on the bottom. Not for mac n' cheese purists. Asparagus with Parmesan was just over cooked, but I blame the waiter who left our food on the line for over 10 minutes. Under $20 a head and couldn't finish everything on the table. Overall, our experience was mixed. Some menu items are really inventive like the buffalo chicken mac n' cheese with Gorgonzola and the burger on cornbread bun with cilantro mayo and a grilled chili. But based on what we ordered and other yelpers, I bet they can be hit or miss. Our neighbors had the pizza appetizer (small) and didn't hardly touch their calamari. Better advice - go for a drink, order something to nibble, enjoy some swank time in the city and grab a burger on the way home.
1	A salad.  It consisted of two leaves of Romaine lettuce, with a few beans, a few chunks of ham fat, and other assorted small things scattered about.  In a pool of about a teaspoon of pesto.  Very pretty dish.  Not much to eat though.  And pretty tasteless.  The main was so unimpressive I can't even remember what it was a week later.  But I do remember it was expensive.  I could have had a good steak for that price.
4	To agree with the thoughts of other reviewers, I believe Six Penn to be a fantastic drink/graze space and less worth it for a full-on dinner. On a clear night, the rooftop deck makes for excellent drink-consuming and people-watching, and their cocktail list downstairs is usually spot-on. The bar menu and desserts aren't breaking any culinary records, but we've enjoyed seasonal chow like a pumpkin roll, pirogues, and seared scallops without complaint. Without having sampled it, I can't speak to the quality of the dinner menu, but the price-dish matchup seems inflated to me. Entrees in the 20-30s for typical American fare.
5	In Pittsburgh on business and randomly came across and add for Six Penn Kitchen. Was totally surprised by the warm and lively atmosphere. The sweetbread appetizer is one of the most delicious things I've ever eaten. Shared the lobster mac and cheese entree after a filling appetizer. Everything was rich, filling, and unique. Great meal, great service ... the lobster mac and cheese is a must!
3	Six Penn is a fun place. A very good place to drink and a pretty good place to eat.First off, the place is very cool and the menu has some great options. I loved the appetizers and also liked the the cocktails. My pork dish was pretty darn salty and the side dishes were also a little heavy on the sodium.Overall, good place to eat downtown. Would love to have the chef read this....
3	Again, yay for ambience. It actually looks really rather nice, and one I might try to dress up better for if I ever went back... except there were quite a few people in shorts in this heat.The service was so-so. They only come back for set service times: (1) seat you, (2) get your drink order, (3) drop your drink order, (4) get your food order, (5) drop your food order, (6) give your check, (7) take your payment, (8) give back your stuff for signing. Some of these are combined. They don't come for anything else, and won't look at you if it's not one of the eight times mentioned. If you don't have many needs, this would be fine. If you do, it seems you may be SOL. (I feel sorry for the people sitting on the table next to ours.) It would really help if servers could have just a bit of peripheral version when serving other tables (especially when their tables are grouped pretty close to each other - there's a reason for that, you know). It would also help if they didn't just stare at the kitchen when waiting for food and looked out. Perhaps I'm criticizing too much.The food sounded a little experimental.. at least, when we were there. The hubby had coffee-grilled steak and eggs ($14). The grounds were rubbed on slightly before grilling.. I thought it tasted alright, although the hubby wasn't too thrilled with it. It's definitely not something I'd look for again, though. I had the non-vegetarian omelette of the day ($12).. which tasted like it was cooked on the same surface as a lot of other dishes prepared that day, without washing it out even a bit. It was smaller, and, just from the looks - I've gotten a better-looking omelette from Denny's. It tasted pretty ok, although I don't usually think of short beans when it comes to breakfast omelettes. Overall... Would I come back here for breakfast/brunch? Maybe to try their pancakes. That's probably about it.
4	Atmosphere is 5 star, price could be better. That's the reason for the 4 star rating.  Happy hour drink prices are good, but the roof menu is overpriced. We ordered $6 Parmesean fritters. We thought we were getting cheese sticks, but actually got crackers. A little dissappointed but not enough to keep me from coming back
3	Very nice place, echo the other reviews. Wine list was surprisingly decent with a nice selection and not overly priced. The cracklin' pork shank was great as were many of the appetizers (chicken wings, Calamari, and Crab dip). Service was good as were the surroundings.
4	This review is purely for the Jamison Farm Lamb Bolognese with Pappardelle, Feta, and Roasted Tomato's. Even as I write this I am slightly embarrassed. I was in Pittsburgh for all of 6 days and I went here not once, but twice. It was so good! I got the Jamison Farm Lamb Bolognese BOTH times. Lamb was so tender and had great flavor. I am not sure why there was "potato chips" on top of the dish but they were wonderful too. If I had found this place earlier I hate to say I may have returned again for fear I would never get to eat this wonderful meal again. This was my first trip to Pittsburgh and i didn't know when I would be returning. I sat a the bar both times so I cannot speak for the service at the tables. Bartender was friendly but more interested in some sports event on TV. Which was fine I guess.Nice Wine list to select from. Large windows to look out to the people walking by. Would definitely recommend checking this place out in your in town.
3	I've been here a few times for lunch and for drinks.  I've enjoyed the experience overall.  I will say that I only get 1-2 drinks here for happy hour and then usually head somewhere else a little bit more affordable and jumping.  As for lunch, I absolutely love and highly recommend the "Lo mein noodle salad, crispy vegetable spring roll, bean sprouts; peanut hoisin sauce" - the noodles are cold so don't be surprised.  If you like Asian inspired food, then you'll probably enjoy this dish.  Every time that I go for lunch, this is my go to dish.  I've had some of the other stuff, but the fact that I can't remember what they were should be telling enough.  It's not a bad place to check out, but it's not top on my list for food or drinks overall.
4	Love this place.  Great wine list and they have some interesting specialty drinks if you are interested.  Brick oven pizza and wings are some of the best in Pittsburgh.  Had the pork shank and it was prepared perfectly with bacon mashed potatoes.  The beet salad is great.  Save room for desert, they are wonderful.  Service was good.  Like the decor but it can get a little noisy.
3	Enjoyed dinner with some co-workers recently on a Saturday and it was a good experience. The server was very helpful and attentive.  We started with a shrimp and calamari app - nothing special but it was fine.  The seafood risotto, mac and cheese and asparagus were very good.  Would not recommend the artic char.  Smaller wine and beer list.  Would recommend it if you are in PIttsburgh and looking for a nice meal that is also casual.
3	A little too sports-bar-ish for my taste (I thought it was a chain from outside), with only decent service, but a great menu. I had the red maple pear salad and it was small for the price but near-perfect.
5	Lovely place.  Get the pretzel appetizer, it is freshly made there, it's the best pretzel I've ever had anywhere.
2	Too bad, too noisy, too scattered.  Not to sound "high brow" (adjusting my clunky, yet attractive eyeglasses) but the menu was bulky with food made with one or too many unique ingredients.  Simplifying would help.  Also we had reservations before the theater (seriously, but hardly artsy elitist) and by time we had our entrees, the noise made in near to impossibe to chat.  I read that some found the staff tough to deal with.  Our server was good (although for some strange reason she introduced 3 times).  However, the hostess seemed to lack that welcoming, first impression that is needed in a restaurant.  Probably won't be returning.  Didn't find reasons to give SixPenn Kitchen a 2nd chance.
5	SixPenn Kitchen is by far one of my favorite places in Pittsburgh. I have been a fan of this place since it opened and it only gets better. My friend and I go to SixPenn every year for our birthday dinner, and any chance I get to get in a meal here before a theater show, I do. Now, my favorite picks on their menu had always been their calamari appetizer, and their pork shank entree. Both TO DIE for. The pork shank dish is a staple and it's one of the items that never change off of the menu. Eleven months ago, I decided to switch over to a plant based diet. I don't eat the calamari or pork shank anymore (although I still recommend them for their fabulousness!), now my go-to staple dish is their falafel. It's AMAZING! They have a great wine and specialty drink list to choose from, and the desserts never disappoint. The best part of the end of the meal are their homemade peppermint patties that come with your check.I was at SixPenn Kitchen last night for a networking event with my young professional group. They accommodated us with the upstairs bar area, and blocked it off for our 50+ person event. The cheese tray and dessert trays were a perfect addition for our guests as well.Whether you're stopping in for a nice dinner before a show, hosting a private party, or even a networking event, SixPenn fits every situation. If you've never been, add it to your bucket list of places to go in Pittsburgh!
4	Ok, what can I say about sixx Penn except freakin awesome. The flash fried calamari and rock shrimp never disappoint and the smoked chicken wing are pretty good with a hint of spiciness. Overall ambiance is nice and it gets pretty lively. Enjoy.
1	We brunched at Six Penn on Sunday, February 13th.  At 1030 am, we were the second table to arrive and immediately the host informed us that he had, "a table saved just for you."  He took us up the stairs, away from the open, charming portion of the restaurant and seated us in the dingy upstairs (old fraying carpet, smelled of water leakage).  The only other couple in the restaurant was seated downstairs.  Strange.  A nice but very odd young man was our waiter.  It was challenging to query him on the various menu items.  And the menu!  The misuse of quotation marks and apostrophes was deeply perplexing.  In order to calm my nerves, I ordered a bloody mary, extra spicy.  We ordered the coffee frites to share, my companion ordered the keystone breakfast and I, the huevos rancheros.  The bloody mary was vodka and bloody mary mix with extra tabasco.  Uninspiring.  The coffee frites were also disappointing - clearly the fryer was not yet hot, so the potatoes were limp and grease soaked (although the ground coffee and six penn spices were nice).  The keystone breakfast was not particularly impressive, but fine except that my companion (who has never seen a potato he doesn't like) found the red-skinned potato home fries to be "not that good." My own portion of the potatoes was served cold, so I didn't have more than a bite and found them to be mushy and tasteless.  But the real piece de resistance of this meal was the "huevos rancheros."  The over-easy eggs were very very well done, the "ranchero sauce" was store bought salsa and the black beans were so undercooked that I couldn't spear one with my fork.  I informed the server of the problem and he was incapable of offering a solution - I suggested that he bring the dish back, with the eggs cooked appropriately and minus the little black stones.  As we were waiting for this issue to be resolved my companion finished his meal and our coffee mugs, water glasses and bloody mary glass sat irrefutably empty.  The manager returned with...the wrong plate (eggs smothered in cheese) quickly understood that all was not well...and after several more minutes appeared with a plate of huevos rancheros, minus the beans (the chef did send along his thanks for informing him of the dish's infirmities.  The server also offered that in order to address the problem, they were going to "soak" the beans - is that some My Cousin Vinny, physics defying method for expeditiously solving the problem of undercooked beans??).  They kindly removed the huevos rancheros from the bill.  Total - $27 plus tip.  I wouldn't recommend the place for any meal, certainly not brunch.
4	Great place for after dinner drink!  Service was excellent!Upstairs bar was nice place to relax and have a good drink or nice glass of wine.Had some brick oven pizza and wings and they were great!
1	I really wanted to like this place..... my bf and i had planned a last minute staycation in the city and we couldn't get a reservation anywhere else. The menu looked decent some vegetarian options and an array of appetizers so... one star i guess. When we got there they took us to a table upstairs  and i thought that the decor was a bit outdated.I also noticed that the carpet was old and dirty..food particles everywhere (this wouldnt have been a problem if they didnt claim to offer a  "sophisticated"  experience). Our server came over and handed us a menu and then rushed off... WE waited well over 15 minutes before she came over to get our drink order. I ordered a glass of prosecco and she looked at me and looked back at the menu and asked me to show her what i wanted (are you FN kidding me?)...maybe she wasnt familiar with their drink menu?? We also ordered an appetizer (the seitan wings) .Our server dropped by a few minutes later and we ordered our entrees. I ordered the Falafel artichoke pilaf and my bf ordered the cassoulet.20 minutes or more  later and our appetizers still hadn't made an appearance. But alas our entrees did. I would have reminded the server but she went MIA again. When she finally showed up we asked her about the  seitan wings...she had forgotten to grab them from the kitchen. So obviously they were cold when we eventually got themMy pilaf was warmish...maybe cold..not how i like my food.  It was also very blah i cant  find anything to say about the spices or the ingredients  ...definitely not a $17 entree. My bf really didnt like the cassoulet either it  was bland and missing that special something..it didnt live up to the $24 price tag.  So bottom line.... I feel like this used to be an amazing restaurant at some point but i think it has now lost its umph   ...If you are foodie dont bother going here you will be majorly disappointed. The menu sounds better than the food tastes.....the food doesnt live up to the  prices and the service is lacking in very many ways.  There  is nothing unique about the experience, ingredients or the flavours.... We spent atleast $70 and i have to say it has been once of the most disappointing experiences i have had....in a while. So if you are able to get a reservation anywhere else don't bother with six penn. You have been warned!
5	I loved this place. I've been here twice and first got the lamb bolognese and later got the crab and lobster risotto- both dishes were amazing. So flavorful and well prepared, I would say one of the best places I've been to in Pittsburgh.My boyfriend got the seared duck and he too loved his dish (he got it cooked rare instead of the usual medium). Great flavors and a wonderful atmosphere- this is a great place for a nice date.I also got the calamari which was great, but I would say to steer away from the salads- nothing too special (or good for that matter). I've had two different types of salad and I would say that you are better off sticking with other appetizers (or the soup)Using local produce to support local farmers, I appreciate Six Penn Kitchen even MORE- what a great place!I would definitely recommend this place.The Almost Arnie is also the best cocktail ever- I usually don't drink (i hate the taste of alcohol, and am a huge lightweight) but this drink is unresistable!!!I can't wait to go back!
4	My first visit to Six Penn was a few weeks ago, taking a colleague out for lunch to celebrate his move to a new and better job. It was a perfect place for such an occasion and the ambiance and design of the restaurant was upscale but relaxed. On the menu, vegetarian items are marked well and I found the server to be knowledgeable and helpful in providing information about ingredients and options. I ordered a falafel sandwich and while not totally traditional, it was made in-house and was delicious. The ingredients were very fresh and the dish was not overwrought. The service was quick and attentive and our food was out quickly, though I might not recommend attempting a work lunch if you don't have at least 30-45 minutes available.I am excited to try their food again, perhaps this time to see what good items they have on their dinner menu.
3	I love Six Penn for Sunday brunch or after-work drinks--especially if the rooftop deck is open.  However, I find their dinner menu to be bland and overpriced.  Recently, I went to a rehearsal dinner here in a private room and was disappointed with the service and food.  The salads were not as ordered and the chicken was very dry...The only redeeming quality of the dinner was the good friends who were sharing good beer (Bell's Oberon on tap) and the grasshopper deserts (think gourmet Thin Mints).
3	the big reason to come to six penn is to get that buffalo chicken mac and cheese.  split it though because it is so rich!  it's delicious!  everything else i've ever had here gets a big blahhhhhhhhhhh.  my bf's brother had the pork chops and they looked very rare and he said they were so salty that he wanted to barf.  drinks are $$$.  i haven't hit up the roof deck here but i heard it deserves a 4 star rating...
2	Since my wife and I are vegetarians, I was hesitant to go here since there is only 1 vegetarian entree on the dinner menu (falafel).  However, their menu encouraged guests to ask the server about vegetarian options, implying that you could get something nice that wasn't on the menu. So I asked our server (possibly the most unpleasant waitress I've ever encountered in a nice restaurant) about the vegetarian options.  She said "the falafel".  Um--yeah, I can read.  So I asked nicely if there was any other vegetarian dish the chef would enjoy preparing that wasn't listed on the menu.  She said "we could do some kind of pasta or something."  Oooh--sounds delicious.   So I went with a salad and my wife got the falafel.  In fairness, the falafel was really good.  Also, the drinks were great. And since there wasn't much to eat, the bourbon in my drink was much more effective than if I had a full stomach.
3	A nice place for dinner.We rolled in in shorts and t shirts, and they were super nice to us despite the fact that we were obviously quite underdressed.The setting is very modern, there's a small menu of well executed dishes. The prices were also very good for the quality of the food. It didn't blow any of our minds, but we were all really happy with the food, service and atmosphere. The rooftop patio is also pretty great.
2	My overall impression... Meh. It was OK. My group ordered the pork shank, lamb bolognese, and the gumbo. I do not recommend the gumbo. It was overly salty and the seafood in it was dull flavored. The pasta had one flavor: smokey. The pork shank was decent and if I had to come here again, I would order that. The food was surprisingly unsophisticated for the fancy ingredients and prices and lacked depth of flavor. Bit of a bummer.
4	HOLD UP, WAIT A MINUTE....I promise I won't start rapping, but seriously peeps, I haven't reviewed this place?!  I feel like I'm doing myself and you all a disservice!It makes me very sad that this is only a 3 star place at the moment because I really truly love it!  Maybe it's the connection with my favorite Smiley Guy (Mr. Eat n' Park himself) or maybe it's the FABUlous brunch on Sundays, but I love it!Of course, you can't come to this place without ordering the Buffalo Chicken (or Lobster) Mac n' Cheese (unless you're there for brunch....ok...do it for brunch too!).  It's a plate of oohey gooey goodness touched by God himself I think!  I've had a couple other items worth mentioning, like the noodle salad and lamb chops.  But the Mac n' Cheese....blows it all away.Let's move on to my fav topic...BRUNCH!!  Probably at the top of my brunch list in the city.  Sometimes I purposely have to make myself stay away.  Why you ask?  Because I always want to head right in and order the Cheesecake Stuffed French Toast!  It's always topped with a seasonal fruit or sauce (like apples or gingerbread).  I've also had the Eggs Beni, which are fab in their own right, with fresh asparagus to top it off!  They have a really fantastic rooftop deck that I just visited for the first time.  My first thought is to think....how many people can fit up here...because it would be a great place for a party or event.  But it was a bit tinier than I thought it would be.  Great place to be downtown on a warm summer night though!  But the best part of this place...they always have, out of this world, freshly baked bread!  I've had a different bread for dinner and different scones and breads for brunch and they have NEVER disappointed.  This is thee best touch by far!  If they ever forget to bring it to you, REMIND THEM!!  Believe me, I have, no shame in that game!
1	Overpriced, overflavored, and the menu is all over the place. The $16 hamburger for example, attempts gourmet, but is really just a regular burger on top of a big hunk of cornbread, with ham, pulled pork, bbq sauce on it and a pile of coleslaw... nothing special about any of it. It's open faced - since when does that count as a burger? Overall it seems like they are just trying too hard. The falafel didn't taste like any falafel I've ever had and the flavors of the whole dish were too intense and too contradictory. Not worth it. Roof deck is nice- go for drinks go elsewhere for dinner.
2	I have to start off by saying the day that i did go to Six Penn, the Pirates were in town and the filming of the Batman movie was taking place down the street.  That being said I don't care how busy you are, I am paying my money and expect great service.  The bf and I were soo hungry from walking around all day, that we ordered appetizers we usually don't because we get too full.  We ordered the fried green tomatoes caprese salad, Blahh that's the sound of me throwing up in my mouth.   It was horrible, it tasted as if the tomatoes had been rolled in old frosted flakes and then left to dry on its own.   The cheese ehh do yourself a favor and stay away from it, who would've thought that you can go wrong with tomatoes and cheese ??? Really Six Penn Really??? I was in the mood for steak and so was the bf.   We both ordered the grilled rib eye .Maybe it was my hunger but I thought it was ok.  Then again you can never go wrong with potatoes and meat can you???  Of course there is a downside the rib eye had too much fat.  I ordered mine with jalapeno corn tapioca and this was the only thing I found delish.  The reason why I gave it two stars was because the drinks are soft, service was horrible and lets not forget the disgusting appetizer.  I could've taken my hundred dollars and gone to Outback's( i usually don't go I hate chain restaurants) and I would've been happier .
4	Six Penn has a great little rooftop lounge where you can eat, have drinks or just hangout.Awesome view of beautiful downtown Pittsburgh!
3	Six Penn Kitchen is just ok for me.  For whatever reason, I'm almost indifferent when it comes to dining out here.  I don't crave it but I do end up here on occassion for lunch because I work downtown.  The menu has a lot of comfort foods on it but for some reason, not a lot of the choices on their menu even interest me.  My go to favorite is the Buffalo Chicken Macaroni and Cheese.  It's the perfect mix of spice and creamy cheese and chicken and not over the top spicy.  It's the only item that I've really enjoyed on the menu.  Everything else is good but nothing really blew my mind.  The lobster mac and cheese was actually a let down.  The service is good: not great, not terrible and the atmosphere is nice.  They have a great open deck area upstairs but unfortunately it's very small and there is limited seating so it doesn't live up to it's full potential.
3	The staff was great from the time I walked in to the time I left. My food came out in a timely manner. I ordered the pretzels for the app the Mac and cheese for main course and the sex on the beach sorbe for dessert.  The bill was around 30 bucks. Which is not bad for good food in my opinion. My food opinion: the pretzels were amazing they were freshly cooked and made in the restaurant. They had just enough flavor to them. You get get 2 with your order.  The buffalo Mac and cheese was no where near what I expected. It was way to rich for me. The taste that you would have to be ready for. Don't get me wrong I love chicken and Mac and cheese, but this dish was so drowned in the sauce my stomach was not having it. I took like 3 bites and was done.  I had to also search for the chicken I swear it seem to only have like four little pieces of chicken in it.The sorbe was great, you taste the hint of alcohol in it.  it actually taste like the real drink sex on the beach.I gave this venue a 3 because for the price it was not what i expected and i have had better. it is well over priced
5	what a Great Menu selection for Sunday brunch !  WOW !  was I blown away with the savory crab eggs benedict , to those damm Good Boston Cream beignets .... perfect in a cold rainy day !  hard to believe that downtown Pittsburgh only rates this with 3 stars, they should add a FULL MOON and the Whole universe !  Great Staff and run by one the Best Chefs in town !  Kudos on a great menu and for keeping up with other great cities across the USA Chef !  Your staff is tops and you can damm be sure that YOU WILL SEE ME again !
5	Did you say Brunch.  Want a good Brunch.  Brunch, Brunch, Brunch.  A top notch Brunch.  The food selection is really nice and somewhat different/adventurous.  How about Gravy Tots; Corned Beef Gravy... Oh so good...great corned beef flavor.  Smoked Salmon Pot Stickers..Yes!  Boston Cream Beignets...Yum!Eggs Benedict, English Muffin with Crab Cake, Ham & Spinach was delicious. The Managed to get a bit of the Shrimp Frittata with spinach, roasted red peppers, grilled asparagus and balsamic reduction..Yum!Wow was not expecting such good food.  Our server was top notch too.
4	The price is steep, but those braised beef gnocchi are fabulous. Great for a special occasion celebration or date night.
2	This was my first visit to the restaurant.  I took out of town guests based on the good reviews I've heard from others.  I was pretty disappointed.  Three of us had the garden salad and the dressing had no flavor.  It was just oil...I couldn't taste seasonings or any kind of vinegar.  Mine had the added problem of being gritty.  I don't think that the lettuce was well-washed.  Two of us had the gnocchi w/ chicken in a sage cream sauce.  It was good, the gnocchi themselves were light and fluffy, but while the description had promise, the sauce was just ok.  Another friend had the fallafal and said it was the worst she ever had.  The inside was mush.  She should have spoken up at her first bite and asked for something else, but ate it.  So it is hard to fault the restaurant for that when I'm sure they would have replaced her meal.  The staff was great and the restaurant is very pretty.  We could have been there on an off night, based on the other reviews I've read here, but at their prices, I wouldn't go back or recommend it to anyone.
4	We hit Six Penn before a show for dinner, and afterwards for dessert.  The food was quite good both times.  We let our dinner server know that we had a show to attend, and she timed the courses perfectly.   She was very familiar with the menu, and very attentive.Overall, we were very impressed by this place, and plan on going back sometime.
3	We came here for drinks before a play and the location is def great. Six Penn is HUGE and luckily we were seated right away, but from what I've heard, it gets pretty packed during the evening hours (especially on weekends) and if we come back, we'll keep that in mind. They had some vegetarian options - which I thought was great, but also nothing to write home about. Tater tots? Um, no thanks. I can buy those from the grocery store and microwave them myself for an equally soggy, yet greasy, appetizer. The mac and cheese was good but my Hoegaarden was better (naturally). Nothing to rave about except how conveniently close it was to the theatre.
4	Monday is the FREE CORKAGE Night... so hit that up.Great atmosphere, service and food overall... had the fish of the day and the flank steak, where both my girlfriend and I were NOT disappointed.We were then presented with the menu for dessert and both were conflicted, as it was not that we could not find something we liked but was full that night. We both agreed ALL of the items from the in-house made sorbet and ice  cream to the chocolate cake, looked and sounded good but just could not muster up the courage to stuff our faces even more than they pleasantly were that night.Suggest to go on a Monday night and go early... ENJOY!
3	It had been a few years since I went to Six Penn, but we decided to give their brunch a shot on Easter Sunday. The overall feeling that we had walking away was that we weren't let down, but we also weren't going to be itching to go back.The service was excellent. In fact, I think our server's attitude, personality, and helpfulness was the best part of the experience, by far.Our group of four ordered quite a few things off of their brunch menu in order to taste as much as we could. The apps we ordered were decent. The beignets were really good. The boston cream "filling" that they put on the bottom of the plate and rested the beignets on was somewhat plain, but when paired with the beignets, became a nice, complementing texture. The deviled eggs had ham in them, and while the saltiness reminded me of deviled eggs with olives in the mix or garnish, I thought the ham was too overwhelming. The saltiness was a little too much after the first couple of bites. I think the ham component was an Easter Sunday-only thing, so it might not always be an issue.I ordered the angel food french toast, and while I LOVE sweet stuff for breakfast, I was left underwhelmed by my meal. It looked great on arrival, but in the end, the flavors just came together as one unfulfilling flavor that left me saying to myself that "it just wasn't worth the calories." I liked the airiness of the angel food cake that they used for french toast, but I would've preferred more flavor as opposed to the textural experiment of the light cake, seedy fruits, whipped cream and the warm creamy cheesecake filling they used.We also ordered the tempura bacon and home fries on the side. The home fries were excellent. They were cooked perfectly, not greasy, and the small bits of bacon included were a nice flavor addition. The tempura bacon was such an awesome idea, but, in the end, their fluffy tempura batter took over and the bacon flavor was too subtle.Overall, Six Penn left the same impression that it always had when I went in the past. It's a slightly overpriced restaurant with a unique menu consisting of truly interesting ideas that never quite hit the spot. Will I go back? Sure, but with so many other restaurants in the city, I won't be rushing back.
4	Six Penn is a frequent lunch stop for my Pittsburgh coworkers and I, and I've had many creative dishes there. Lots of good soup, salad, and sandwich options for lunch, in addition to some larger entrees. My last dish was shrimp and grits, which was delicious but came out a bit lukewarm. The buffalo mac & cheese is a winner every time, and the calamari po' boy looked amazing and got rave reviews. A solid four stars.
3	I've been to Six Penn many times. My latest visit was when I last went to the opera with MOB (mother of boy) and we dined at Six Penn before the show. We were seated promptly, but then a waiter didn't appear for at least fifteen minutes. The restaurant (Around 6:30) was packed and incredibly noisy. I couldn't hear a word MOB said during the entire meal. The upstairs dining area is much better regarding noise. After we were served our aperitifs, we waited another fifteen minutes for the waiter to take our food orders. Thank goodness I made an early dinner reservation! MOB had the pizza and I had the lamb bolognese. Both were tasty, although the bolognese could have used a bit more flavor. Servings are very generous. Go to Six Penn on a nice weekday evening or a weekend afternoon. That way you can hear the people you are dining with! The rooftop area is a fun place to have a few drinks as well. I just wish the food menu had a bit more to offer.
5	This place was phenomenal!  I was just here for the first time for dinner last night, and I am already wishing myself to be back!I ordered the duck, medium rare, and I was the best piece of game I have ever eaten!  Not to mention, the sides were delicious as well.  The chef even catered to my request to substitute asparagus for the beans.  I also had the pleasure of sampling my friends dishes as well.  The pork shank was huge and rather scrumptious.  My other friend also got the Sea Stew, and I promise the price is well worth the plate.  The risotto that the sea creatures sit upon soaks up all the sea broth, and by the end of the bowl, you find yourself enjoying the delicious risotto.Like I said, I cannot wait to come back here.  The food was amazing and the atmosphere was something that I have not seen in many restaurants in the Pittsburgh area.  Next time, I want to eat on the roof!
3	It's okay. The macaroni cheese was done well and the service was above average. I thought the cesar salad could have been better.
3	I ate here this past Sunday for Brunch with my girlfriend and two of her friends that were in from Baltimore.  The restaurant was busy whenever we got there and we were asked if we minded sitting on the rooftop under a shaded area which we did not.  Upon getting to the rooftop we were escorted to a little cabana type shelter which provided ample shade to our group.  It was originally comfortable but with the temperatures climbing into the 90's on this day, it was hot by the end of our meal.  The set up of the cabana was also more conducive to having cocktails than eating a full brunch as it was sans table or anything high enough to comfortably eat off of while sitting down.Our group decided to start off our brunch by ordering the boston cream beignets.  They came out failrly quickly and were plated nicely with lots of chocolate and cream.  I was not too big a fan of the taste though.  It's not that they were bad but they were not nearly as good as the ones that I have had in New Orleans.  For my entree I decided upon the frittata with lemon aoili and pickle salad while also ordering a side of tempura bacon for our table to share.  The first bite of my frittata was awesome as it had some pickle, artichoke and aioli which gave a nice tartness to it.  I would have to say that the base frittata by itself was not that impressive but the lemon aioli really gave it a boost that I enjoyed.  The bacon came out looking as expecting with a layer of tempura covering it.  Since I am a bacon lover I thought that I would thoroughly enjoy it but this dish was a big whiff for me.  Don't get me wrong, bacon is always greasy, but this took it to a new level of greasiness and sadly the tempura batter did little to improve on the flavor.  I should also note that our waitress was pleasant and gave us excellent customer service.  One of my dining companions was pregnant and ordered the heuvos rancheros without knowing that there would be sunny side up eggs on it.  After she realized her mistake, she asked the waitress if she could have the eggs cooked more.  Sadly, whenever the plate was brought up to us again, the eggs were still runny.  Immediately upon noticing this, the waitress apologized and told us that she would take that meal off of our check. The bottom line for me is that I might head back here in the future.  It wouldn't be my top choice to go for brunch in the city as some of the food was good and others parts not so good, but my frittata showed me that their is a potential for their other dishes to be good as well.
2	A friend and I went to Sunday brunch at Six Penn Kitchen and I was very dissapointed. I ordered the corned beef hash skillet with over easy eggs and whole grain mustard hollaindaise. I never got anything whole grain mustard hollaindaise. It makes me mad that I didn't realize this until we were on our way out the door. And my friend ordered eggs benedict which was supposed to come with ham and spinach- never got any ham or spinach. We got ripped off.Anyway,back to the hash skillet. The skillet was taken directly out of a volcano oven. I tried stirring it and blowing on it- but it was so hot I could not eat anything for  15 minutes. And this is mid July. Not exactly a good menu item for the season. There was very little egg or corned beef. It was almost entirely potatoes. Lastly, our waiter was not very enthusiastic about working there. I just don't think it is right to go from table to table saying how big of a drag it is to be stuck working Sunday morning.
2	Good service but food was a pass. Too much salt in the Bolognese and the pasta was overly boiled.
4	Six Penn is a great place for dinner or lunch in Pittsburgh.  It is fairly casual but has very good food and very good service.  It has a good range of food choices and a good bar.  It is great for a business lunch, an office party for a small group of 25 or fewer, or for dinner with someone special.  It is also conveniently located in the downtown area near the Gateway T stop.  It doesn't have outdoor seating but the windows on the Penn Avenue side can be opened so for the booths on that side it seems like outdoor dining without sitting on the sidewalk. I recommend Six Penn and have always enjoyed my meals there.
3	Place is conveniently located with a nice ambiance. The crowd is generally older, but it keeps the restaurant at a nice volume. The food was decently priced. I've been their twice with a friend. Our two trips there allowed us to try all the little meat groups, the fish, chicken, beef, and pork. All the dishes were cooked to perfection. Nothing amazing but definitely delicious.
2	This review will be rather short compared to my others as I have not eaten at Six Penn. In fact, I've only visited once. Once was enough.My one and only visit was on a Sunday after a super delicious brunch at Meat & Potatoes (dear Meat & Potatoes: I love you. You put almost all other restaurants to shame). I was looking for a different spot for drinks and decided I wanted to check out Six Penn, despite my boyfriend's aversion to the place. I insisted on rooftop seating because damn it, I love rooftop seating. It was hot, but being from Florida I'm used to it. Plus, we got to sit under a neat cabana and there was a great breeze, which kept us fairly comfortable. Here's where it all went downhill: our server comes by we ordered our drinks. I went with a mojito. I effing love mojitos, one of my favorite summer drinks. I enjoyed them quite a bit in Florida, which makes sense. I was excited to have one here. On a rooftop! I haven't enjoyed this scene in months! I'm all pumped to get my drink ... here comes the server ... I'm taking a sip ... Aah, wtf is this?? They did not just make my mojito with lime sours ... another sip ... yeah, they did.-_-P.S. They got two stars for the cool rooftop seating. And because maybe I'll come back and try the food, avoid the mojito.
2	The place looked interesting so we thought we would give it a try.  The host was not very accommodating and when I asked for the patio he told us it was first come first serve and it was on the third floor.  he didn't tell us it was packed and there were no seats.  We returned and we were seated in a very nice corner booth.  Our waitress, Anna, was very nice and gave us plenty of information about the menu items.  I ordered a light beer was served a regular Yuengling?  I ordered lemon mashed potatoes and was served bacon sauerkraut mashed potatoes?  I don't think I have mentioned yet that the floors were sticky, really? sticky floors?  The final complaint is this, after we ordered, our food arrived in about 2 minutes.  I thought the server was making a mistake and told him it wasn't ours, it was.  I had not even had a chance to enjoy the wrong beer I was served earlier.  If I want my food in two minutes, I can go to McDonalds.  Now the reason this place received two stars instead of zero, the food was very tasty!  If the floors had not been sticky and my order would have been correct this would be a higher rating.
3	Nor bad food, actually pretty good. But not cheap for what it is, which is upper crust bar or casual dinner type.
4	I stumbled upon this place and decided to give it a try.  I'm eternally grateful for that decision.  My friend and I got right in without a reservation and our server immediately greeted us with water and a smile.  Bread and drinks followed promptly after.    At the recommendation of previous reviewers, I ordered the Buffalo Mac n Cheese.  Oh.my.goodness.   These guys know what they're doing.   I'm not a big fan of the buffalo taste but blended with the cheese and chicken, it was fantastic!   *warning-this dish is not for the calorie counters*.   The cheese was creamy and had a great tang, the pasta was perfectly al dente, and the chicken was nice and tender.The atmosphere is nice and open yet it was a little loud.  I had to shout at my friend a couple of times.  However, I would still come back for that Mac n Cheese.
1	After the great food Six Penn offered at the Yelp Elite event we expected a great brunch experience. Boy were we in for a surprise.I'll dive right in. The muffins were cold and bland, couldn't tell what kind of muffins they were. The accompanying "Apple butter" tasted like nothing more than apple sauce with a ton of cinnamon added.We had elected to try a bunch of appetizers for our meal. If even one of them had been edible it would have earned this place a second star. I hate giving 1 star reviews, but this one was deserved. The appetizers were had were:Deviled eggs -  A terrible mix of flavors, seemed to have everything but the kitchen sink in it. Did not work together at all.  Spring Rolls with Sriracha sauce - The dish came to our table without the "sauce". When we asked for it, we discovered the "sauce" was merely sriracha from a bottle poured into a cup. (we saw them pour it). Rolls themselves were bland and unremarkable. Sausage Grits - I'm not a fan of grits, but my wife loves them, so I'll defer to her opinion on these... which was summed up as "These are inedible. They don't taste like anything." Tempura fried bacon - Dry and unseasoned. Couldn't even taste the bacon. How do you make bacon not taste good? Truly a sad day. I was really looking forward to this one. Boston cream beignets - When served at our table, they were already cold. They might have tasted better if they were fresh, but after one bite each, we'd had enough of Six Penn. Alas I don't think we'll be returning, a shame, because I really wanted to like the place. I know they are capable of making good food, I had it at the elite event. Knowning that and being served this just makes me sadder... and earns them a one star rating.
4	Delicious!!! Our group of 3 decided to tryout their rooftop dining on a nice sunny summer day. We ordered: tilapia special, short rub meat loaf, fish and chips, mojito, whiskey muleEverything was amazing and the service from Mark was right up there too. He was attentive and friendly. he filled us in on the happy hour and we will be back!
4	Pork shank is incredible, mashed potatoes with sauerkraut and bacon below. Service was mediocre, that's why they fell short of 5 stars...cool restaurant.
2	Every time I go to Six Penn I'm always surprised the food isn't BETTER than what I had just had.  It's time to face the truth:  this is a lovely and semi swanky restaurant, but the food is not great.  The food is average restaurant food served with a beautiful presentation.It's over priced but I feel the nice atmosphere kind of evens the pricing out.Don't even think about coming here during the lunch hour without a reservation.I'd also recommend letting your server know if you only have an hour for lunch.  It took so long for my chicken breast to come out that I had to get in a to go box and leave.I do not recommend ordering the grilled chicken breast with pierogies.  Pierogies are ALWAYS good but there were only two of them.  The chicken breast was dry.  Total let down.
2	My hubs and I joined another couple for NYE dinner.  They had a special NYE menu which we looked up online ahead of time and the options looked terrific (filet and lobster tail, blackened catfish, seared tuna, and crab cakes).  The regular menu was also an option.  I ordered a small house salad which was ok, not much to it just lettuce and dressing blah...for dinner I opted for the seared tuna- terrible!!  I asked the waitress which item was the best on the special NYE menu and she recommended stk and lobster so I thought maybe I ordered wrong?  NOPE!  My friend ordered it and it was pure salt.  Rather gross and not edible and I like salt but this was insane...expensive, waitress who cared less, bad food...it leaves me upset that we came here.  My dish was stringy- the seared tuna...it came w sushi rice that was crunchy.  Just not good!  The bill between 4 of us was $220.  I'm still pissed!
4	We went to the Sunday Brunch and the atmosphere and service were great. The Mimosas are way over priced at $9 each. We had the grits, the Monte Cristo sandwich and The sweet yam quiche. Overall the food was great, but be prepared for gourmet style food with different flavor twists. Nothing simple or normal food wise here. We enjoyed our experience, but can also understand some of the other people's revues.
3	Overall an ok place with the location being better than the food. The prices are way too high to justify the food which tells me this is a tourist trap. I would recommend Meat and potatoes just down the street before sitting down for dinner here.
3	The bar is in a beautiful building and the waiters were friendly and helpful but the food was just not very good for the price. Its very generic run of the mill food something you may expect at a decent restaurant but really nothing exciting on the menu nor anything I ate that was particularly well cooked. Overall an average experience but for the price there are much better places in the area
3	I have eaten here twice before heading over to the Benedum for a show.  Both experiences were fantastic with great service, tasty food and happy taste buds.  The only reason I can't give it 5 stars is because I do feel it is pricey compared to other high end restaurants in the area.On our first visit, we arrived without reservations.  I wasn't sure what to expect, but they treated us with respect and, thankfully, had several tables available.  The server asked at the beginning of our meal if we had theater tickets because they wanted to ensure that we dined with enough time to still get to the theater. We started the meal with a bottle of Moscato that was very tasty.  My fiance tried the french onion soup and I had the beet salad.  Both were exceptional.  Entrees were the buffalo mac and cheese and one of the nightly specials.  Again, both were flavorful and had portions that were actually filling.  Even though the entire meal was appealing, the highlight for me was the "carnival" dessert.  You can't go wrong with a treat that features cotton candy, whoopie pies, cracker jacks and other special treats.  It made me smile just looking at it and the grin only continued to grow as I ate the various treats.  The only down side was the crazy sugar rush.The second time we tried Six Penn was during Restaurant Week.   Same great service and same great food.  The shrimp bisque was tasty (although I found it to be a little salty).  The fillet that came with the "surf and turf" was so tender it literally melted in my mouth.  MMMMM.  They even made one of my least favorite vegetables, Brussels sprouts, tasty!  The crab cake was delicious, too.  Although some may not like it because it is actually made out of a lot of crab compared to the crab cakes at most other places that are mostly breading.  They once again nailed the dessert.  It was a peanut butter cheesecake that was mind blowing.  Creamy, tasty, sweet.  MMMM.  I almost ordered a piece to go so I could have some the next day.I enjoy Six Penn, but with the high price tag, it will have to remain someplace that I visit for only an occasional treat.
3	First time at 6th & Penn, went for dinner before a show at The Byham Theater... It was 16 degrees and we tried the door only to find out we were 8 minutes early before they opened. You might think that they would let you into the waiting area.. nope.. So we stopped into Olive or Twist for a pre-dinner cocktail. Came back 45 minutes later... With no reservation we were told that we could go up stairs and sit anywhere on the hardwood floor... Oh look a booth was available, so we sat down only to be told that the table was reserved. Hmmm, no sign on the table like the one on the table next to it so we chose a bistro table in the bar area. After we sat it was probably 5 minutes before our server arrived with menus/ wine list... We ordered a cheese and meat appetizer platter that was very good paired with a bottle of Washington State Merlot. It took our server 10-15 minutes to serve the wine which seemed a little excessive. Our dinner was excellent (the lady had the Crab Cake/ seafood Hash/ I had the Rotisserie Chicken).  The manager was by to refill our wine glasses and check on us . Was hoping to get dessert but ran out of time and ask for the check from the bartender as our server seemed to disappear. Bottom line is food was excellent and service was sub par...
4	My boyfriend and I went for Valentine's Day 2013.  Surprisingly, the restaurant didn't look too busy.  Our waitress was a bit flighty and too busy chatting/flirting with her co-workers to actually be attentive to our table (I probably would have ordered another glass of wine).  However the food was SUPERB!!  It's a shame that their staff isn't as good as their chefs.  Our appetizer was the FLASH FRIED CALAMARI AND ROCK SHRIMP.  I'm always unsure about ordering seafood when living away from the Coast, but this was fresh and lightly crispy.  I knew the meal would be delicious from the first bite.I NEVER order beef as an entree, but when I read "Prime Rib with Orange Glazed Green Beans and Mashed Potatoes, served with Au Jus and Horseradish Sauce" I had to try it!  Perfectly cooked to Medium Rare, this steak was smoke infused and mouth-wateringly good.  I'm beginning to salivate just thinking about it.We left completely stuffed and satisfied.  Though it took a while for our waitress to clear the table and bring our check, it was a lovely night.  I will definitely return for the food... hopefully the staff steps it up a bit to match the food being served.
4	I came here with a group from my university for dinner. We were seated in a private room on the second floor and were served family-style, so my experience will likely be a bit different from most of the other patrons.For appetizer we were serve d a simple house salad (i.e. lettuce, cherry tomatoes, cucumbers). For the main course we were served rotisserie chicken with grilled potatoes, asparagus, and penne pasta in a creamy white sauce with broccoli. (It was likely Alfredo sauce, but I am not completely sure). The main course was very good. No food remained on anyone's plate so that likely signals that the other students were satisfied too. For desert we were served small pastries which I did not try, but the other students did not have a hard time finishing them up either.The service for our party was very quite attentive (especially for a party of college students).As I walked through the restaurant, I had the opportunity to see what some of the other patrons ordered, and all the dishes looked appealing. I would definitely return on my own.
4	I'm surprised this place has mediocre reviews.I was pleasantly surprised and satisfield with my dining experience. The service was on-point! My colleague and I ordered an appetizer, split a salad and our entrees. Each course was timed perfectly! We didn't have to wait and we weren't rushed either. We started with the homemade pretzels with mustard and beer cheese dip. The beer cheese dip was delicious!! I wish I could have brought some home with me! The caesar salad was also wonderful! My gnocchi was a little mushy for my liking but the flavor was good. Overall, I would give this place a solid B!
2	I ordered the Caesar salad with anchovies. I also had the pulled chicken buffalo mac  and cheese and for my beverage I had a mimosa, many mimosas. The plating was very attractive on the Caesar salad it was well dressed and this was a meal where the salad was better then the entree. The pulled chicken buffalo mac and cheese was ridiculously over priced.  $18.00 that is too steep and $9.00 for a mimosa.Eating at Six Penn Kitchen was one of the only times I have spent $70.00 dollars on a meal and left with the feeling that I could easily replicate that at home.  I make buffalo chicken dip for pot lucks all the time. I could have prepared this dish for $4.00 and the pasta was not macaroni or fresh it was limp rotini.
3	I would give Six Penn a 3.5 if I could.  Went here immediately after Eleven so am comparing it to that.  The place (on a Thursday evening) was packed, then everyone cleared out right about the time the local theater was starting up.  The menu has some interesting items and all were quite good (buffalo mac and cheese was very creamy but also quite salty/rich.  Pork shanks and pork chops were nice and juicy.  The service was interesting - tried to subtly upsell us on the soups and salads (not included.)  Overall a solid option particularly if you're downtown for a show but be prepared to pay for it.  On a side note, they have a dessert that appears to be a tower of cotton candy on top of whoopie pies - this kept appearing on all the tables around us.
4	We stopped b y Six Penn Kitchen last night after a long day around the city, and am very glad that we did.   The food was superb, the atmosphere classy yet welcoming.
3	I stopped here for the first time recently before heading over to the Benedum.  We arrived without reservations and were given a table that was reserved 90 minutes later so that was plenty of time for us.They had 5 local beers on tap and I was happy to order Great Lakes Edmund Fitzgerald Porter, a very solid beer that I highly recommend.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable and accommodating.We had the fried calamari for our appetizer that I was pleased with.  I ordered the fish of the day, grilled salmon, which was decent.  The meal was not great and not terrible.Overall, I really liked the atmosphere, great presentation, but food is average and overpriced.
1	The bartenders here are just not that great.
3	I made reservations here for 6 before went to a play at the Benedum, but ran into traffic on the way down so sadly was late for my reservation.  I called on the way to let them know and they were very nice and said that would be fine and our table would still be there when we arrive.  When got there it was very busy so it was pretty loud but not loud enough that you couldn't hear the people you were with at your table.  Our waiter, Mark, was very friendly and even gave me great advice for parking the next time came down for a play!  I ordered the buffalo pasta dish and my mother got the salmon special.  Mine was quite yummy.  The blue cheese on top really gave the dish an extra kick.  I tried my mothers salmon it was good but not the best I've ever had, but she enjoyed it enough.  The drinks we got were not my favorite, I got the strawberry basil mojito and there was just to many chunks of strawberries in it, very sweet.  Overall our experience here was pleasant.
4	Small menu but great selections
4	My husband and I had dinner here while visiting my sister-in-law. It had a "chill" vibe to it and a nice, diverse crowd. Our server was friendly and prompt. He recommended we get the buffalo mac and cheese, as it is a popular menu item. I got the gourmet burger (med-well) and fries to add some variety to our order; both of which tasted great. My husband got the buffalo mac and cheese and almost licked the plate clean. Their food was great, they had a friendly staff, nice vibe, and seemed pretty popular considering how busy it was! I would visit again next time I'm in Pittsburgh.
5	Went there for our anniversary and had the crackling pork shank with the kraut mashed potatoes- it was flipping divine! Only thing better was the super bomb bartender Jess (yes, I'm naming names) who took such great care of us we ended up eating at the bar.Perfect evening- perfect meal.
2	I went with some colleagues for happy hour on the roof top of Six Penn Kitchen. Shockingly, in my entire career this was my first happy hour, and after yesterday at Six Penn it could be my last. Maybe not. So keep in mind that his is a review of happy hour there, not the restaurant.I am not old, but I will sound old right here. The atmosphere of young "professionals" was shit! The crowd that was attracted to this location was an embarrassment for working professionals everywhere. I know that this is not Six Penn's fault, but this is a warning to those who wish to stay away from the douchebaggery. Beyond the clientele at the happy hour the prices were crazy! Not so happy of an hour at all. I could maybe understand charging more downstairs because of the ambiance, but we were up stairs on a deck for happy hour. Adjust accordingly! Lastly was the spacing. I know you need to work with what you got so here is a tip...get there early for a half decent seat on the rooftop. Otherwise you're screwed. So, pricing was not realistic for the time or atmosphere. The environment of people was not enjoyable, but laughable. However there was one saving grace there. See the taste review below.Here is the 5 senses review: (1-10)Sight: 7 - decent views of the buildings in downtownSmell: 2 - nothing to really report this was just happy hour after all. Hearing: 2 - bring down the music a pinch. hearing your friends was difficult with the volume of people.Taste: 8 - the one saving grace to distract from the pricing, the "Almost Arnie" drink!!! Amazing!!! Iced tea and limoncello with mint leaves.Touch: 0 - nothing to report home about.
5	Great food--great service--nice ambience.I had the crab cake sandwich--which I had never heard of putting crab cakes on a sandwich?  But it was really good.  And the crab cakes were CRAB cakes and not crab CAKES.  Very little breading/filling.  The bread was good.  Can't remember what the hubs had (it was two weeks ago....) but he liked it.Great service--we were on the main floor about noon on a weekday, and the sun was pouring into the upper windows.  I was squinting big time--someone must have noticed, the shades came down, voila!  No more squinting.Ambience was nice--business-y.  Everyone but us in biz casual or full biz suits.  That's OK--reminded me of my banking life before retiring.....we weren't slobs--dressed in shorts and golf shirts, basically--and still felt welcome.When we return to Pittsburgh, we'll come back.
3	While the food was really tasty, the service absolutely sucked. If you want to run with the big dogs, and charge the big dog prices, you've got to have the service that goes with it.I think we saw the waitress exactly three times during the course of the dinner.  She said she'd bring us bread, and then didn't.  She was slow on the drink service (note: we would have bought more if you came more often, making both the server AND the restaurant more money)I'm borderline 3/4 stars on this one because the food was great, but the service was bad.  It was expensive ($112 after tax, before tip, including 4 cocktails) and SPK just has to do a better job at that price point if they want better reviews.The scallops appetizer was great, the salad had way too many onions, the Buffalo Chicken Mac n Cheese($18) was good but DRY, the braised short ribs were excellent.The cocktails were fine, but they were also small.Anytime the service is getting in the way with of a good conversation and BECOMES THE TOPIC of conversation, then you know that it needs improving.Overall, it could have been a better experience.
1	Had a terrible experience here when having an early rooftop dinner on a Saturday. The service was neglectful and it took almost an hour to get our food, almost making us late for the show we were on our way to. The food was average at best.
3	I've been going to Six Penn a few times a year for several years.  It holds significance to my husband and I as we met at the rooftop bar.  Unfortunately, after today's visit it seems to be showing some signs of sloppiness. My husband left hungry!One of my biggest complaints is service.  It seems that they only have one person working the hostess stand.  The lobby/waiting area (quite small) crowds quickly, as this one person has to walk everyone to their tables.  This backs up considerably when the hostess has to take someone to sit upstairs.  Our waitress wasn't particularly friendly, and rarely checked back with us. Their beverage glasses are on the small side and filled with ice, and refills were seldom.  She took considerable time bring us the check then ringing us out.  You would think they would want to turn the table.The food is overall good, but also showing signs of cutting back.  My husband had the six cheese pasta and petite house salad.  The "petite" house salad contained a nice variety of greens. Unfortunately, it was drenched in dressing. There was exactly one cherry tomato (cut in half), approx. 1/2 slice of cucumber and 1 shred of carrot.  Why bother putting anything in the salad, then?  When the six cheese pasta arrived, we were surprised as it has shrunk in size. It used to be a serving in a bowl. Now it is in a small cast-iron serving piece.  We asked the waitress if they had downsized the portions. She said it was exactly the same amount, only served in the cast-iron so it would stay warmer longer.  It is not the same sized amount- my husband and I have both gotten this a number of times.  And the excuse for the cast-iron would maybe be believeable if it was actually cooked in the cast-iron.  It was not!  The cast-iron was not hot to the touch.I had the grilled cheese sandwich with ham and a cup of tomato soup. First, it used to come with a bowl of soup, now it is a cup for the same price.  I can't argue with the taste, as everything tasted fabulous.While it appears that the kitchen is well-run, I saw an entire tray of food sit under the heat lamp for a full ten minutes, apparently waiting for one last item. I would've been pretty irked had that been mine.We will probably return for lunch, but I would be hard pressed to shell out the cash for dinner considering the service.
3	Ate here once for lunch.   Not bad, upscale atmosphere, very limited menu.  There wern't a ton of people there but yet it seemed to take them a while to get us the food.  It was worth the try, maybe I will go again and maybe not.  I had the pulled pork.  It was good but not super filling and a little pricey for the size
5	Excellent food, and service!If the weather suits, the rooftop deck is great. Sunday Brunch was awesome.
3	Chic decor, extremely friendly service, very accommodating and fresh food.  Why only three stars?  The food didn't make me say "Mm-mm."  Tried several items since we were a large group and all were good but almost basic diner flavors.  Not a bad thing...just not a "you must go" type of place.  Nevertheless they were very accommodating and even hooked me up with a side dish of the buffalo mac-n-cheese since a really wanted to try it.
2	It seems that this place may have been better in the past based on friends' experiences.  I went as part of a work party.  There was a set menu that seemed promising.  The caesar salad was fantastic although I was not given the option to hold the whole anchovies, which is standard operating protocol at any American restaurant that serves it with anchovies.  But moving along, the salmon was lackluster and the portion miniscule.  The saving grace was the delicious and refreshing gin drink, which uses wigle whiskey's ginever, which is the only reason for 2 stars.  The cranberry bread pudding for desert was a small portion (and I appreciate small portions usually) and overcooked. Lastly, parking is partially comped, which for an expensive restaurant in a city with already cheap parking should be free especially considering it was self-park and not valet. I can't see any reason to return.
3	Only been to Six Penn Kitchen for large group (20+ people) dinners with colleagues and future colleagues.Food (7.75/10) = Have tried the following dishes:Appetizers:1) Flash Fried Calamari Appetizer ($10) = Nice and crispy, with proper proportion of batter to calamari.  Served with a sweet sauce if desired.  Overall, a great appetizer for sharing.  2) Local Cheese and Charcuterie Plate ($15) = An assortment of cheeses and meats.  The selections have been different on my visits, and a card naming the cheese/meats are included when served.  The housemade jam is a nice sweet addition to the salty and savory meats and cheeses.  However, the meats have just been meh.3) Scallops ($14) = "Two seared sea scallops over butternut squash puree, fried leeks, house-made cornbread, topped with a sherry reduction."  The scallops are cooked nicely by the folks at Six Penn.  This is my favorite appetizer from the restaurant in terms of flavor, but it's also one of the dishes I feel is way overpriced.  $14 for 2 scallops?  Seriously?Entrees:1) Cracklin' Pork Shank ($22) = with "sauerkraut, bacon mashed potatoes, serrano apple puree."  Huge piece of meat! Skin is certainly crispy and flavorful.  Meat is almost fork tender...almost.  However, flavor of the meat itself was just meh.  Not the best pork shank I've had.  This dish isn't bad, but certainly not great.  2) Braised Short Ribs ($23) = "Braised beef short ribs tossed with julienned vegetables and a whole grain horseradish cream sauce over spinach ravioli and finished with chopped watercress and shaved Parmesan."  One of the better entrees on the menu. Savory dish, with great flavors from each component. 3) Lamb Bolognese ($23) =  Pappardelle, roasted tomatoes, feta cheese.  Of the entrees I've tried, I think this is the best Six Penn has to offer.  A rich, savory dish, with generous amounts of lamb meat.  Sides:Mac N' Cheese ($6) = utilized penne pasta.  The mac n' cheese tastes good.  But nothing special.  Pretty much the same as the other mac and cheese served at other Pgh restaurants.Desserts: 1) Chocolate Truffle Cake ($7) = Chocolate cake with chocolate chips, ganache & fudge, ganache icing served with vanilla bean milk.  A nice rich chocolate cake.  The milk is a nice complement to the chocolate richness.2) Apple Pie ($6.50) = Granny Smith & Fuji apples with housemade ice cream.  The vanilla ice cream was nice.  The flavor of the apples was just ok though.3) Cranberry bread pudding = seasonal bread pudding.  Similarly to the apple pie, this dish was meh for me.4) Lemon and mimosa sorbet = Sorbet is a great refreshing option to conclude a rich/heavy multi-course meal at Six Penn.  The mimosa sorbet flavor was weird though.  ]5) Banana foster cheesecake ($7) = seasonal.  Rich cheesecake with a good banana flavor profile.  6) SIX PENN "CIRCUS" ($8) = An assortment of "Cracker Jacks", whoopie pies, cinnamon doughnuts, and cotton candy. A very festive dessert, and a great one to share with the party.Service (9.0/10) = It seems many of the relatively poor reviews already written of Six Penn is due to poor service.  I can only speak from my experiences, and they have been great.  Perhaps it is because of arrangements made ahead of time for our 20+ group dinners, and the folks at Six Penn had time to prepare?  Maybe.  Regardless, the waiters/waitresses were very professional, attentive with drinks, and food was brought out promptly.  Ambiance (8.0/10) = A three floor restaurant situated across the street from Heinz Hall of performing arts.  Bottom floor with the open kitchen and bar.  Second floor with another bar, and more tables.  And an outdoor rooftop.  Casual, maybe classy, dimly lit areas are features as well.  You can try to find street parking, or park in the garage across the street.  I'm not sure how much the restaurant compensates customers for the garage parking.  Overall opinion = I think Six Penn kitchen is great for large groups, based on my experiences.  Service has always been great for me.  The food overall ranges from just ok to good.  Nothing spectacular. Also, like other restaurants in Pittsburgh, I feel the food is slightly overpriced for the quality.  The quantity is fine.  If you're looking to hold large group dinners or functions, I'd recommend Six Penn Kitchen.
5	Had a great brunch here! My bf and I  started with a tasty Bloody Mary and mimosa. We thought so much sounded great, so we decided to order one smoked salmon crepe and a poached egg which was topped with the spicy Bloody Mary mix and was served with popcorn grits. I've never had anything like these grits, they really taste like popcorn, something I'm not fond of, but the flavor worked in this dish. And the creamy seafood crepe was delicious as well, we couldn't decide which was better. I'd definitely come back if I lived in pittsburgh, it made for a great Sunday brunch.
4	Been there with the love of my life! Marvelous food, perfect personal service. Good prices. Recommend to all!
4	Good buffalo mac & cheese, monte cristo, and po boys. Nice beer selection, big seating area, clean, and awesome rooftop bar when open. Overall not a bad downtown spot.
3	Went for a late dinner after going to a PSO concert across the street. Had reservation and was seated at the first table by the door, the one next to the stairs to second floor. Upon sitting down, we found the table was wobbly. Had some guy come over and stick a piece of folded up paper underneath. Didn't quite fix it but at least it was spilling water anymore.Noisy environment. OK I understand it was Friday night but still it was noisier than I'd have liked. Prices correctly reflect it's downtown location. However, food was just OK. Ordered crab cakes for some $28 and definitely not the best I've had. Good thing was that it was mostly all crab meat and very little filler but I wasn't impressed by the quality of the meat. Service seemed lacking as well.
5	Living downtown I have the distinct privilege of being able to eat at great and not so great restaurants on a regular this leads to a bit of a foodie malaise as I am inundated with the good and the bad frequently. Then a night like tonight happens!Welcome to the trendy Six Penn Kitchen!I walked in without a reservation waiting for the inevitable "do you have a reservation" with the slight eye roll and pretentiousness that comes with that loaded question. Instead I was greeted warmly at the door with a "good evening". I let them know I didn't have a reservation but was hoping to grab a table. They very politely let me know that it would be approximately fifteen minutes to reset a table or we could choose to sit at a high top table without the wait. Let the fun begin!My party of three sat at a high top in the bar area and were promptly approached by the bartender asking if we would like a drink. He took our order with ease and I threw him a curve ball. I asked for a drink I had experienced earlier in the week for the first time and man it was good. Unfortunately he hadn't heard of it before but instead of say nope, sorry, or HUH he politely let me know he didn't know the drink then hit me with a few popular ones he could nail. I asked for my fall back drink I LOVE the Moscow Mule which he said he could do without the copper cup and I was good with that! I'll tell you this much no copper cup didn't mess up his mules trip to Moscow one bit quite a tasty drink.  On to our table which was situated nicely in a beautifully appointed dinning area near the open view kitchen. I don't know who decorated and designed this space but they are brilliant! The lighting was bright enough to be cheery but dimmed enough to make for a potential romantic setting for a date or a nice dinner with your family. The kitchen is a lively, teeming view which gives a taste of trendy awesome but also feels a bit like watching Hell's Kitchen live and your getting the food. The volume is superb not loud so you can speak with your table without raising your voice and not quiet so you feel like you're eating at a pretentious swank establishment where grabbing the wrong fork may lead to snickers and pointing. So the atmosphere of this cool and upbeat place immediately grabs me and sets me down a path to what would become possibly the best dinning experience I've had living in Downtown Pittsburgh.Our server David was prompt, polite, professional and in a true sign of a great server eased us into our dinning experience. He gave us time to peruse the menus was unobtrusive and there when we had a question. On to the good stuff... THE FOOD!!!So I'm not sure why or how this place ended up with a three star!!! We ordered the Flash Fried Calamari & Shrimp as an appetizer. As our food came to the table our server kindly introduced us to the plate from the main ingredients along with the great sauces provided. MAN it was GOOD!!! The chef and his crew made sure that the calamari and shrimp were the stars of this appetizer which lead to a tender, moist, and lightly breaded mound of scrumptiousness. What a way to kick off a dinner!What made the meal even better was watching and listening to the Executive Sous-Chef de Cuisine Corey Hughes. He directed the kitchen like a WWII field general maintaining the smooth troop movements and precise battle field execution. He deftly controlled the pass ensuring that only the best was leaving his kitchen to tickle the guests palates. I thank you sir for your deft touch it made this moment in culinary time suspend, twist, and turn on my taste buds like mmmmm yumminess!Then the entree's reach the table with the elegance of Cinderella descending to the dance floor to meet prince charming. Once landed in front of our eyes the entree's stood there gorgeously plated screaming for forks, knives and the gnashing of our terrible teeth!We ordered the "signature" Cracklin Pork Shank, Gourmet Burger, and Buffalo Mac N' Cheese. HOLY CRUD, OMG, ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!!! The burger my wife ordered looked amazing and my wife couldn't put it down. According to her this 8oz. burger was juicy with a crown of ham and egg which left her sorry it was gone. My daughter let me steal a bite of her Buffalo Mac N' Cheese again the food was stuck on awesome. The bite I had was cheesy real cheesy and instead of just tasting cheese there was a plethora of other subtleties then the real surprise twist some heat oh yeah some good heat that made this cheesy, ooey, gooeyness just right! On to the dish I took a chance on and I am so, so, so glad I did. It was listed on the menu in their "Signature" section. Well let me tell you something SIGNATURE INDEED!!!! I thought I needed a knife to attack this huge portion of meat. To my surprise again the meat fell off the bone quite literally fell off the bone. It was moist, perfect, melt in your mouth goodness.
4	I always have a great experience at Six Penn.  The food is consistent and the staff is very friendly.  As a downtown resident, I go here often and am never disappointed.
2	The KimChee bowl...please take off menu.  As a half Korean I was sorely disappointed...and the shrimp "etouffe" was no where close. I dropped $80 here and expected much more.
2	This was my fourth visit to Six Penn and my first with a less than satisfactory meal. My martini was good, the wedge salad was delicious but my entree and dessert were not so good. I had the Short ribs and substituted mashed potatoes for ravioli - mashed potatoes and veggies were good but the meat was very tough, not at all what you would expect for short ribs - chewy and very fatty. For dessert I tried the chocolate truffle cake - it was very dry and tasted as if it had been around for a few days. The service was very good, our server was very attentive and friendly. My fellow diners enjoyed their entrees of trout and surf and turf (steak w/crab cake).
3	Came here for Sunday brunch with some friends.  Love the location in the city and the ambiance.  However, the food is just ok.  Don't get me wrong, it's decent, but it didn't "wow" me.  The prices are pretty high for what you get in my opinion.  I wouldn't write this place off and I'd be willing to try it again, but so far, it was just "so-so".
2	Two of the four meals were excellent, two were definitely sub par. Service was barely above adequate. Cocktails were ordered and two were excellent and two not made as ordered. We ordered Johnny Walker Black with a twist, and no twist was provided. One dish was trout over potatoes and vegetables with a cooked egg on top. The waiter assured us the egg breaking over the fish really "made" dish. However, when I received the dish the egg yoke was solid. When he pointed this out to the waiter he said, "Oh, sorry", and that was it. We also had their most expensive steak which was supposed to be served with a sauce, but the sauce was not on the steak. We pointed this out to the waiter and he said "I noticed that when I picked it up" but went ahead and served it anyway. This was a meal to congratulate my guest on some accomplishments, but the service and errors on the meals kind of put a damper on the festivities. At this point, I would be hard pressed to return to Six Penn.
5	Service was excellent.  Waitress was top notch.  Able to answer questions.   Folded our napkins when someone went to see some friends or the bathroom.   Another helped with the great wine list.  Hard to get service like this.  The place was full, so surprised how excellent the service was. The caesar salad was one of the best I have had with fresh parmesan, anchovies fresh romaine.  The crab cakes were cooked perfectly and very tasty with a pistachio and apricot crumb.
2	I was on a business trip and didn't have much to do while I was in Pittsburgh. I absolutely love mac and cheese so I heard this place had one of the best and I thought I would try it out.It was freezing when I walked from my hotel to the restaurant so I wasn't exactly happy when I arrived. But the service was absolutely terrible. I sat in the bar since I was by myself. I asked for beer and was rudely given an answer like I knew nothing about what to drink. I knew exactly what I wanted to eat so I ordered the Buffalo Chicken Mac and Cheese right away. It didn't take long to get it and it was actually really good but spicy and it took me a couple times to ask my server for water and I asked for more bread (to cool my taste buds) and never got it. They were so eager to get me out of there they brought the check right away.The food was great. Beer was good but service and atmosphere was terrible. I ventured out in the cold and just wanted to sit and relax but I ended up being rushed out. I wouldn't go back, maybe only for take-out.
5	This was an excellent meal.  I was in Pittsburgh for business and Six Penn was within walking distance from my hotel.   The YELP reviews were varied, but I thought that I would still give it a try.   I am SO glad that I did.   I dined there on a Tuesday night at approximately 6:30.  The restaurant was fairly full, I was dining alone so the hostess asked if I'd like to sit at the Chef's table.   I was escorted to a row of seats nicely positioned along the open kitchen.  My server Jessica (who was awesome!), approached me immediately.  I started with one of the most amazing Sangria's that  I've had in a very long time, handmade with freshly muddled fruit served over crushed ice.  The drink was well worth the $10 price.   I also order the cold weather wedge salad as a starter.   Portion was small and it was a bit pricey at $10, but overall it was pretty good.   The salad was served, deconstructed with bibb lettuce, bacon lardoons, mustardy dressing, and housemade pickle relish.  For my entree, I ordered the skillet roasted chicken, which consisted of 1/2 chicken roasted and cut-up, on top of brussel sprout succotash topped with a large savory biscuit and bacon bechamel sauce, all served in a piping hot cast iron skillet.   The portion was huge and everything was well prepared.   My only complaint was the brussel sprout succotash.  I assumed that it would contain corn and brussel sprouts.  There were green peas (which I don't like) and roasted tomatoes (which were a nice addition),   There were SO many peas, it was hard to pick around them.   My server, Jessica, stopped by to check on my progress and I mentioned my dislike for peas and asked if I could get a side order of just brussel sprouts (love them!), she obliged and within just a few minutes, I had a delightful side of perfectly roasted sprouts.  I happily added them to my entree and proceeded to eat as much of it, as I could.   Even though I was already stuffed, I did order dessert and once again, I'm glad that I did.   I ordered the individual serving of apple pie and ice cream.   Once again the portion was huge, more than enought for 2-3 people to share.   I couldn't finish it all,  The crust was tender, flaky and delicious.  There was a nice mix of different types of fresh apples and the entire dessert was topped with cinnamon ice cream....yum!!!   I usually try to visit different restaurants when returning to a city, but Six Penn warrants a repeat visit!!!
3	The location is perfect if you're going to the theater or Heinz Hall.We went right before an orchestra concert and it's very convenient.There are two floors. The downstairs looks interesting. Unfortunately, we were wisked upstairs which has all the atmosphere of a train station -- and the noise level too. Service was so-so. Yes, it was busy, but come on, the restaurant has been open for ages and clearly gets a lot of pre-theater and pre-concert traffic. You have to figure out how to handle the rush. Other restaurants downtown do much, MUCH better.Food. I had the trout dish, which claimed to have "almond dusted" but I couldn't really see or taste any. There as also a fried egg, which was tasty but frankly didn't fit with the trout. It was fine, but nothing special.My date had the beet and goat cheese salad which was good. Tasty, colorful and a  nice dish.The dessert.. well, we ordered the apple pie with caramel ice cream. It was extremely slow, and when it came out, the apples were completely cold. The waitress was apologetic and took it off the bill. (We decided to take it home and it was tasty the next day.)Atmosphere.. the tables were very close and you felt like you were having dinner with the neighboring tables. I was closer to the other tables than my date.Would I go back? No, sorry. Even taking the location into account, there are better restaurants downtown for pre-theater or pre-concert meals.
4	I frequent Six Penn, mostly for lunch. They recently did some renovating in the kitchen and, from today's visit, some deep cleaning.  Now don't get me wrong, this by no means a dirty restaurant, but I did notice that the light fixtures particularly gleam since they reopened after a few days respite. Sadly, I must report that the glorious calamari po' boy is no more. I went periodically for the tender tendrils of calamari and the slightly tangy aioli. Please, please, PLEASE bring it back!! My server said many other guests have asked about its sad departure.Based on other Yelp reviews, I'm not the only one who loved the po' boy!!
5	Great experience here. Such a convenient location if you're going to the theater or to a game, and service was incredibly speedy for a Saturday night. We had no trouble getting in without a reservation at 5 pm at one of their high-top tables by the bar. A word to the wise: Don't come here if you're in the mood for something in particular. The menu is tiny. Luckily I was starving and pretty much anything would have made me happy. The signature Jamison Farm Lamb Bolognese made me VERY happy. Delicious fresh feta and parmesan, sweet roasted tomatoes, wide noodles, and the highlight of the dish: savory, fall-apart-in-your-mouth, tender lamb. At first the portion size threw me and I wished I had gotten an appetizer, but my husband reminded me that my eyes are usually far larger than my stomach. And he turned out to be right... this was the perfect sized meal to fill you and leave room for dessert at the same time.Unfortunately our wallets were stretched to the limit with the cost of our cocktails (which were also delicious) and our meals, so we opted out of dessert. Maybe next time.
5	Great food! Great service! Brunch is a must! Will definitely be back. More on the classier upscale side, but worth it. I suggest making reservations first, but line is never too long. Order the beignets!
2	I would love to glow about Six Penn's brunch.  I love the design of the space and its location.  At the same time, I can't stop thinking Eat and Park--because it is part of the same Parkhurst family of restaurants.  So with that said:   A waffle is a waffle and not worth $14 even with Mexican chocolate creme anglaise (chocolate pudding) and warmed spiced syrup (I tasted no spice)..  And local sausage tastes just like sausage--and not worth $4 for 2 links.  My companion ordered a tomato juice and a breakfast sandwich w/o bacon for health reasons.  So she had an egg and cheese sandwich on white toast with home fries (which did look great).  But she ordered a tomato juice and got a glass of bloody mary mix.  The server should have been upfront and told her they used all of their tomato juice in bloody mix as she was embarassed to return it.  Finally, the service:  we did not lift fork to mouth before he was back to the table to see how the food was.  But to get the check?  Not so easy.  A little problem since even the greeter knew we had a 2 PM curtain and told us so when she seated us.  Sorry Six Penn--next time we'll just to to Eat and Park and catch a cocktail downtown later.  4 stars for pretention, 1 star for reality.
1	I really wanted to like this place. Everything looked right when we went in, then unfortunately, it was all downhill from there. I had two associates with me, and for starters, they each ordered a glass of wine, I ordered a whiskey. When the wine came, one wine glass was filthy, the other cracked. They replaced those.  For dinner, I ordered the burger, someone ordered the buffalo Mac and cheese, the other ordered the salmon. My burger tasted fine, but at the very moment the hostess came by to see how we were doing, I pulled an 11" hair out of my burger. She offered to replace the burger and take it off the meal, but I still think that went a little short. I passed on another burger and thanked her. The next morning, my associate who had ordered the salmon informed us that she had been up all night sick. I'm sorry to say, it might have just been a perfect storm of bad luck on the restaurant's part, but I can't go back. If you go, it has the potential to be really good. It just wasn't on our night.
4	First off, let me say this.  I knew that this restaurant was owned by the same hospitality group that owns Eat-N-Park, but who knew that it would be such a departure?I come here mostly for lunch with my co-workers.  To be completely honest, I love this restaurant but I wouldn't make a special trip "dahntahn" for dinner because of the limited menu.  (My family and friends are generally picky eaters) However, what they prepare, they prepare well and I enjoy the food as well as the decor.Love, love, love their French Onion soup and Sweet Tea Smoked Wings!  I have had just those two items as a meal. (Melted cheese, bread and fat.  Not the most nutritious, but you only live once!)  I'm a wing and French Onion soup freak!You can't go wrong with the flat iron steak (Griglia) or the Crab & Zucchini cake.  If you're in the mood for a sammich, that Cracklin Shank Cuban or SPK Cheesesteak will make you hurt somebody trying to get to either one!Like I said, not a lot of choices like the traditional Eat-N-Park menu, but the food quality and ambience of the restaurant far exceeds the parent restaurant's usual fare.
2	My husband and I had brunch. The brunch was mediocre at best. The huevos rancheros were tasteless. The clientele was much older than expected. I've been to Six Penn Kitchen for drinks and was happy. Brunch was just disappointing. Stick to Big Burrito or other little guys... Six Penn is only good for drinks.
3	The food menu was more appetizing than the food itself. The meal was subpar expectations for how it was presented. The waitstaff was friendly, however my glass of wine was forgotten. The restaurant was half full, and she was apologetic once I reminded her. She brought the wine, and removed it from the bill. It seems to be a better happy hour place due to the location and rooftop patio.
2	Wow, what a difference a few weeks and a second visit makes.  I eagerly anticipated returning to Six Penn after the first 5 star visit while traveling to Pittsburgh on business.   This visit was less than stellar.   The menu had changed which is understandable, although I was looking forward to ordering the brussel sprouts that I had during the previous visit, but I guess those were a part of the winter menu as was the deconstructed wedge salad.   There was not much that interested me on the "Spring" menu so I proceeded to order a la carte.   I ordered the flash fried calamari and rock shrimp, side of parmesan rosemary fries and a side of french green beans.   The calamari and rock shrimp were not very crispy, kinda greasy and had no flavor.  There was lots of calamari and very few shrimp.   The fries were just luke warm with very little parmesan cheese and no rosemary flavoring.  The french green beans were a complete "miss' for me.  Steamed whole green bean, dressed in an herb vinagrette with grape halves and whole toasted hazelnuts.   The vinagrette had very little flavor and the grapes and hazelnuts just didn't belong.  I left very disappointed, especially compared to my first visit.
3	I came here for lunch with a coworker on Friday, the weekend of Memorial Day weekend. I had the Pennsylvania portobello sandwich with barley salad that was pretty good. My coworker had the grilled cheese sandwich and she also liked her lunch. Our biggest complaint was the wait time. We couldn't understand it because the restaurant really wasn't that busy. It seem like our server totally forgot about us. That's why I'm giving this review three stars.
4	This restaurant was splendid across the entire spectrum. As a trendy place to enjoy lunch on any day, the service was superb and the meal was even better. I had the "buffalo chicken macaroni and cheese" and it was fantastic! You could really sit and read the menu for hours as each item sounds just absolutely wonderful. I can't wait to return!
3	Small menu (was there at 3pm perhaps they have a separate dinner menu?) ordered the wings, the sauce was awesome but the quality of the wings was just okay. Small drink menu and only 5 draft choices. Comfortable atmosphere.
2	Some key takeaways from our meal last night:- Though we called 2 weeks in advance to make the reservation we had to wait 25 minutes upon arrival for our table. - While we waited went up to the rooftop to get a drink, the rooftop was very crowded. - Our meal took 45 minutes to come out after our appetizers were finished. - The portions were quite small, around 50% of the portion size of similar restaurants. - The entrees were overpriced by about 25%, most in the high 20's and 30's. - We called ahead of time to have desserts brought out for someone's birthday in our party, and these were never brought out. - The restaurant was very cold inside, and very dark, with minimal lighting at our table. - They did not have candles for the birthday cake. Overall, though the food was good and it was a very nice restaurant, the service was unacceptable for this caliber of a restaurant. We definitely expected more, and have even dined here in the past, which was a much better experience. The food was very flavorful and nicely prepared, despite the portions being small. Service needs to be improved upon.
1	My husband and I made a reservation to dine here for my birthday this past Saturday.  When we got to the restaurant, the hostess took us to a tiny table right by the stairs.  My husband asked if we could wait for a different table to open up, but the hostess told us that the other tables were for reservations--which made no sense and was obviously an excuse made up on the fly.  I could see she might be annoyed if we had demanded to be sat elsewhere immediately, but it was not an unreasonable request to ask to wait for a new table.Our server came by and explained the specials right away in a bumbled, disorganized manner.  He asked if we wanted bottled or tap water and then went away.  Someone else brought our water, and when the server finally returned, he didn't even offer to start us off with cocktails.  He just seemed generally uncomfortable.  He wandered away after we told him we weren't ready to order.  He didn't come back for a long time, so my husband and I decided the price point wasn't worth it for the service we'd had so far.  It didn't make sense to pay the prices if the experience wasn't worth it.  We've had a ton of fantastic experiences in other restaurants downtown that this couldn't even compare, and I don't think we'll ever go back.
5	We made a reservation for the dining room but ended up on the roof for dinner instead.  What a great ambiance for people watching from above!  Dinner consisted of appetizers and they were all great.  I highly recommend the scallops and buffalo mac and cheese.  All excellent choices.  Service was outstanding.  A good time was had by all.  They were also very accommodating to my vegetarian daughter in law.
3	I've been here a number of times for both brunch and dinner, and I think this is a pretty solid three-star restaurant - it's not bad but nothing amazing, and consistently so. The service has always been decent, and the food has never been bad... just never exceptional. The seasonal menu does keep things a bit new and different, but I'd also say the prices are a bit on the high end for the caliber of restaurant in this area. However, that hasn't always been the case - before there were loads of other great options in the cultural district, this place used to be my pre-theater go-to for dinner or drinks. Now, with more than a half-dozen competing restaurants within walking distance, Six Penn just doesn't stand out so much.I think one of the biggest draws of this establishment for me now would be the rooftop dining, which provides a really nice atmosphere, provided you can get seated up there. It's one of the last unique features of this establishment that I'd be willing to pay a premium for, but with this becoming more popular in the cultural district as well, I'm not sure it will be so exclusive for long.Overall, if you're thinking about going here, I'd say go - especially if one of the seasonal dishes catches your eye. Would also definitely recommend requesting a roof table if the weather is nice and they've available.
2	I have been to six penn multiple times and normally its good food and ok service. However this past Friday service was absolutely terrible they messed up multiple orders and the food wasnt even good. I tried the summer bbq and everything was overcooked. The ribs had next to no meat. I will have to say if you are going to give this place a try go for the cracklin pork shank. Now for the service, it is some of the worst we have ever experienced. They messed up orders and we couldn't even get the waiter's attention to tell him that he gave us the wrong thing. Instead of removing the item from our bill he only reduced the item by 50%. All and all the food isn't terrible, however for the price I expect better quality and service. I have had similar, if not better tasting food at other new up and coming spots in Pittsburgh. Unless they make some major changes to service levels we will not be returning.
3	I went here on a first date and the atmosphere was nice but it had a strange seating arrangement. We were seated on the second floor and the tables were too high for my liking, made me feel like a child. The tables were also fairly long, making it a little difficult to have a conversation without feeling that everyone can hear. My date ordered us the calamari appetizer and it was delicious! Later I had the chicken and I wasn't too impressed, a little dry but nothing too good or too bad. I would like to try again.
3	I struggled with the  star rating on this one and really think it's a three and a half.   Here's the rundown...Atmosphere.   The place was nice, but the table arrangement seemed a little odd.   There were a few tables that I would not have been happy with.   Drinks.  My cocktails (standard Captain and coke) were good..served with a lime that actually had some juice.   Bread.  The pepper bread was really good.  The other selection was a little dry.  The honey butter was good, but much improved by a little sprinkling of salt.  Soup.   The SOD was a poblano corn chowder, which was delicious.   Perfect temp and consistency, with just a hint of spice.   Entree.   My experience here was kind of mixed.  I ordered the special...redfish and crab over roasted tomatoes, purple beans, and broth.   The broth was amazing!  Rich and flavorful...I wanted to lick the bowl.   The crab and tomatoes were also awesome.   The redfish was not so great.  It was really tough and dry...I needed to use a knife to cut it.   The purple beans were described as "like green beans, but with a purple vein"...which is really not a great description.   Honestly, the beans are more like edamame.  Tender  beans inside a pretty tough pod.   I didn't love them.  Service. So-so.   My cocktails was empty for quite some time and overall, she just seemed a step behind.   Not "bad" by any means, but not exceptional either.
2	I came here for brunch before the steelers game with a few friends. I had an omelette and my friend had scrambled eggs with toast potatoes sausage and bacon and we tried the donut. The donut was not cooked , literally not cooked at all. We asked for butter and other condiments  and he never returned with them. He was basically nonexistent. Also, everything was extremely salty! Don't eat the potatoes, they made me sick. This was my second experience here and I definitely won't be returning.
3	I so really like this place. Is it a bit overpriced? Yes. But the experience of downtown and a show is worth the splurge. I almost always get the pork shank which is pretty damn good. You can split it with an up charge which I recommend because it's Flintstone-like. Had the cheese plate on an afternoon with a bottle wine for happy hour with friends on the rooftop. Nice for Pittsburgh with the limited amount of outdoor dining.
1	This is stupid place to spend your evening at. the food is shitt..no no it is really shit. They serve $34 NY Strip which tastes the same as the eatin park meatloaf meal. The servers were rude did not even pack our food. I am also pretty sure they keep all the leftover from a table together after the waiters pick them up and serve to a different table if they ask for the same snacks or sides.It is pathetic that even after having such a prime location they are useless
1	Very disappointed in this cultural district restaurant.  The portions were miniscule, overpriced, and of poor quality.  The quail was tough and the "Seafood Risotto" consisted of 2 mussels, 2 small clams, a small, unidentifiable piece of fish served over a spoonful of too-salty risotto for $27!  There was no attempt at attractive presentation.  We left hungry with a $100 check.  It put a damper on the entire evening.  We won't be back.
2	For all the hype, I wasn't impressed. The food was good, but I thought the prices were high for what you get. I would try it again though, to see if my mind changes.
1	This is the second worst meal I've eaten in the last 1.6 years since I came to the US. Words cannot describe how poorly the manager has chosen the head 'cook'. We ordered 5 items and 4 of them made it back to the kitchen. Only one item was eaten. The eggs Benedict which is served on cake as opposed to an English muffin. We were greeted with table bread (cake) and 1/8th of the menu items are cake related. I don't even know how this place is busy. Wait staff are nice but the food is bewildering. Can you say scrapple? Welcome to the foundation of their menu.
5	Six Penn Kitchen used to be a regular hang for the boyfriend and I when we lived downtown a few years ago -- but once it wasn't down the street, I mostly forgot about it. Until a couple months ago when researching gluten-free restaurant options, this once again became a mainstay on our dining list. (And we've already been back a few times -- mostly for the french onion soup!)There are SEVERAL options for gluten-free identified on the regular menu, and their kitchen is incredible with making additional substitutions when asked. On one visit I had their pizza (made with cauliflower crust) and a mix of seasonal vegetables (I can't have tomato sauce either, so they made a wonderful white pizza for me). On another visit, I had their duck breast entree, served with a lovely lentil puree and roasted vegetables (they even gave me more to make up for having to leave off some kind of crostini). I can't believe I'm admitting this, but I snagged a bite of the boyfriend's beet salad and LOVED it (and I am a fervent beet hater). And then the server recommended a "gluten-free" version of their apple pie (basically the pie's most delicious part -- the center) with some ice cream. This lady speaks right to my heart!I am infinitely impressed with the service (several managers also checked in on us to ensure our meal was excellent), their unwavering (and uncomplicated) support of people with diet restrictions, and the food. Six Penn is doing so many things right, and they make "eating like a normal person" too easy (I also suggest grabbing a table near the kitchen to hear the chef and his crew at work!). YES, CHEF... SIX STARS!
5	BRAVO! BRAVA! ENCORE! ENCORE!We visited around 11:30 today for brunch, and what a brunch it was! Everything we ordered was delicious and well-prepared. Our servers were attentive, kind, and genuinely personable. Great atmosphere. The only thing that could use a touch of improvement is the plating/presentation of food; I personally don't care about that much, though I know some people might.My boyfriend and I got beignets to start... They tasted amazing. A small doughnut of sorts, they were not greasy at all, so soft on the inside and the raspberry sauce, chocolate shavings and vanilla cream they were served on complimented them well. We got a mimosa and a peach bellini to drink; both were sweet, crisp, brunch-time refreshment. They gave us a few small scones and a pumpkin bread to try--all were great.My meal was definitely the star of this whole meal. I ordered the chicken-fried steak. It came served on warm doughy biscuits, and topped with a mountain of perfectly cooked scrambled eggs and sausage gravy. It was fantastic! My boyfriend got eggs benedict, which were also great and had delicious collard greens on them. Certainly glad I went there on an empty stomach! In my opinion the food was well worth the price. Not quite sure why this place only has 3 stars to its name! Maybe we just got lucky, but next time I come to Pittsburgh, I'll be sure to make a return visit!
5	Let me start by saying that I am picky! I will leave a place if I dont like the vibe, this was in fact the 4th place I walked into this evening. I dont mind spending money on a great meal, but I want a place that is worth it. This place went above and beyond my expectations!!The atmosphere: perfect. I like a large, lofty, open area that is upscale but casual at the same time, no stuffiness, modern. It was great. We had a great big booth, nice wood table, next to big window. Beautiful bar. Good lighting, high ceilings. The bread basket was some of the best bread I'd ever had, the cocktails were nice, nice mix on the menu. I had the rib eye and bf had the short ribs...both cooked to perfection. Homemade mac and cheese and mashed potatoes as sides...you get the theme, comfort food. Simple food done perfect. Great menu, classic dishes done the right way. Dessert options were large, fun options, cotton candy, apple pie, sorbet..we had the waffle with maple ice cream, fantastic!Great service, professional, but not stuffy..very personable. Now I am going to compare every place I go to this place, because it had everything I want.....relaxing, clean, modern atmosphere, great food and drinks, and amazing service. Very very pleased.
4	Yummy brunch pumpkin French toast to die for! Potato  home fries were delicious garden omelet just okay Our server Tim super friendly and a good waiterWe will come back
5	Excellent food and great staff!
5	I come here every time I have tickets to a nice event nearby, usually at the Heinz theatre. It is always a good choice and I've always left feeling very satisfied. Their drinks menu is extensive and last time I went, I tried the Jamaican Me Ginger cocktail, which I highly recommend! My table and I also ordered the Chickpea Cakes, which exceeded my expectations. I got the Hudson Valley Duck Breast entree. The duck was very good and the meat was so tender. The gnocchi, however, tasted a bit bland, and I ended up leaving the majority of it on the plate. Nonetheless, it was still a good meal!I highly recommend this restaurant!
5	Took a woman on a lunch date here and everything was fantastic. Our Server Nik was attentive but not overbearing and was sure to point out what was available and what was not. Food was delicious and the portions were perfect. Definitely recommend to anybody stopping by for a quick scrumptious lunch.
1	Save yourself the money you would spend here and just go to eat n park. Same food, but at least it's buffet style.
5	My boyfriend and I went to Six Penn Kitchen randomly for lunch one day. The pizza was AMAZING, the asparagus was perfectly cooked and prepared. The service was awesome and it was definitely somewhere I would like to go again and have recommended to people. I wasn't sure what to expect, and though we did not get huge entrees- our food was perfect for lunch. I was very impressed.
3	Enjoyed the food.  Crackling pork shank was excellent and served hot, but potatoes it was served on were not.  Maybe heat plates and bring food to a higher temperature before serving.  Potatoes may have been plated and then sat waiting for pork shank.  We sat upstairs near railing overlooking lower level.  Smoking smell rising from kitchen was a little too strong for us.
4	Made a reservation for 2. Promptly received confirmation. So far, so good. Arrived just prior to time. Well received by front, though their information indicated there would be 4 of us. No problem, within minutes we were seated upstairs. Server arrived shortly. He was busy but was appropriately attentive, good personality, and suggestions upon request. One awkward situation. We were seated at a table for two, opposite each other. However, table is long, putting some distance between your date and yourself. Difficult to carry on a private conversation without leaning in very far, both of you, so as to be heard but not by the entire crowd.Food:Warm bread, cheese and herb selections, always welcome.Drinks innovative (sangria, jacked apple.....wow!), starters good ((creamed kale was tremendous (I'd eat this with dirt, it was so good!), loved the beet salad)), entrees very tasty. Crab Cannelloni was a very generous serving and hot, oh, and quite delicious! The Confit Cracklin' Pork Shank was also quite enough to eat, delicious, however, only lukewarm. Forged ahead anyway, just a slip-up not expected, and a bit disappointing.
4	We were exploring the city and decided to stop in...we opted for the roof top seating and loved it.  Food, service and drinks were all GREAT!!!  The roof top seating was fun!!!  It was a great time!
