4	This review has two parts- a general Sephora review and then one of the Vegas store.I love Sephora.  The whole concept is great and its like one stop beauty shopping.  Really, anything that keeps me from having to go to the counter in a department store is good in my book!  The fact that you can try everything is the best....on a recent trip there my husband turned to me and mentioned that he could understood the appeal of the store. In general Sephora has a great selection of products, many brands that you can't find elsewhere. (For example, Bare Escentuals.  You can go and test it there to see if you like it rather than having to mail order it)The location in the Venetian is my favorite that I'm reviewing.  Its spacious and when I was there it wasn't busy at all.  The only bad thing really was that it is not directly attached to the Venetian.  We found ourselves at the valet staring at it but unable to get across 7 lanes of taxis to go in....so we had to walk all the way back through the Venetian. (We followed their signs!)  The location here had a great selection, unlike in Boston, and I found the girl who helped us to be extremely knowledgeable.
5	Ok So we have 2 Sephoras. One outside the Venetian. One inside the Desert Passage Shops over at Aladdin.  Ok I may be one of the few men who love Sephora. But I love Sephora. I can stay there for hours - smelling smells and looking at beauty supplies. I love Issey Miyaki Cologne, and DKNY Be delicious - the red  and brown. I love the Philosophy Series. Yea....I'm big on smells. I like their face cleansers too. So it's a little pricey. But a lot of unique things. Ok stop laughing at me...NO I'm NOT GAY! No I'm not one BlowJ*b short of coming out of the closet! LEAVE ME ALONE. TAKE ME TO A HAPPY PLACE...!!!!
5	Benefit. Urban Decay.  Stila.  Pout.  Make Up For Ever.  All this and literally hundreds more brands all under one roof?Boy do I love Sephora!I'm not the girliest of girls out there.  I don't wear make up most of the time, I like to rock out, and I generally abhor anything with too much flounce.  However, I love cosmetics.  By the list of brands up there, I apparently love the same cosmetics as a 12 year old.  (I'm just a sucker for bright eyeshadow and eyeliner, what can I say?)  I could LIVE in a Sephora.Despite the fact that the people who work here can sometimes be a little snooty and not at all helpful, I love it here.  It could possibly be a detriment to my financial solvency.  This location isn't the best I've ever been to (oh, Times Square Sephora, how I love thee!), but it's still pretty amazing.  I always leave with a little somethin'-somethin'.  And, holy crap, we have a Sephora which is something we had to do without for so long.  It was like the dark ages before that.
5	I'm reviewing the Sephora inside Desert Passage shops. I ran out of an eye cream so since we were right there, thought just to pop in to buy it instead of waiting to get back to CA and then drive to Sephora to get it.Is it me or are all the associates at this location just so much better looking than at other locations? Both the men AND women alike. WOW. Hmmm... very interesting.Service was fast and they were friendly. So nice not to have to wait too long to pay like at other Sephoras.
3	I don't know about these guys.  They don't carry everybody.  I like Male Species, they don't carry them, when I asked them in corporate, they gave me a canned response and pushed other brands on me that don't work for me.  I'm a local and Male Species is a local manufacturer - why wouldn't they want to get them in their stores !!!  I was really disappointed.  I'll stick with Male Species which is the best mens skin care and cosmetics online.  I give Sephora 3 stars for everything else - but they don't carry everybody !!!
4	One of the BEST Sephora stores I've visited to date.  Spacious and customer-friendly layout.  Great sales staff that know the products and can actually communicate the knowledge to the customers.  I went in looking for an eye cream, felt overwhelmed by the endless selections, was immediately rescued by a very perky sales clerk who walked me through some of the best products, and walked out with a bag carrying an eye cream that is best suited for my needs with a sense of relief that the search was finally over.  wahoo!
4	i was impressed with the cleanliness of the store but not the attentiveness or friendliness of the employees. i was not greeted. i wasn't asked if i had been helped or if i needed any help. i put all kinds of makeup on myself and didn't have a single person ask if i needed help to apply anything. true, i don't, but the gesture is nice. whatever. i'm not shopping here. i hardly go to the ones at home in LA. this was no different, still unpleasantly stupid and a waste of my time and a loss in sales for them. stupid people
5	I love this sephora, It's so huge!
4	Yes, this place will greet you with it's awesomeness.  I didn't know what to do the minute I walked in.  So SO overwhelmed.
5	Product whores like me know what to do when we walk into Sephora, Las Vegas.  1. Grab the cutest employee wearing the hottest shade of lip-gloss (guy or gal)2. Get two black baskets to fill up with everything he/she recommends3.  Tell him/her how pretty he/she is throughout your product grabbing bonanzaI have been to plenty of Sephora's and this one is the best by far.  As an aesthetician I already know what I am looking for and have plenty of product knowledge and need a sales person who can keep up with the beauty industry's lingo and products. This Sephora must recruit only the finest sales people. Not only are they the best looking staffers but all of them know what the hell they are talking about and can find the correct products to fit your needs.Nothing else to say except all other Sephora's should send their staff here for training. Hint, hint Emeryville.
5	Very spacious! just think of it as the Toy Store of all Beauty products! Urban Decay, Stilla, Pout ,Philosophy, Benifit, they even have their own brand of Make-up! You name it and they most likely have it!they have testers for most products so you wont have to worry about getting a wrong color!the staff is super vibrant and friendly always available for questions.
4	This particular Sephora is brand new. I remember when it wasn't even built yet. It's great to come here when you need to get "hard-to-find" beauty products. They carry a lot of natural beauty products to - which I like. My only gripe is that I'm just not to thrilled about the prices of their perfumes...because I can go to Macy's, Dillards, JcPenny, or Nordstroms and get a whole set for the prices they charge for one bottle. lol. Robbery.
5	OMGTHIS BY FAR IS THE BIGGEST SEPHORA I'VE SEEN IN THE US! The one in Paris on Champ de Elysee is bigger but WOWZA!!This place was so big I couldn't even find the Stila counter and usually thats one of the biggest counters in Sephora. Service was awesome here. Everything was orderly and clean.Well stocked with pretty makeup products.Bright lighting. Good job, Sephora.Good job, Venetian.
5	Beautiful, nice, new, air conditioned, immaculate store!I love the display of discounted products for impulse buyers (such as myself) while waiting in line to purchase.I was asked if I needed help at least twice, but left alone respectfully when I declined - as I don't like to be disturbed by too-chatty salespeople trying to push things on me that I don't want.  But it was nice to know that they were there if I needed them.Also, I said 'salespeople' but really the people working there are makeup artists and experts - which is awesome if you do want advice on anything!Good location - center strip at the Venetian.
4	Love the store. It has all the items I need. I can not leave that store without spending at least $100.00. But worth every cent. Check it out you will find something guaranteed
5	Wow...Ive shopped at many different Sephora's and this is by far the best one!! Of course it has to be the one in Vegas....When I first walked inside I wanted to buy one of each lol.
5	This Sephora located right outside the doors of the Venetian is like heaven on earth for me. I could spend a good few hours here trying all their different products if I could! The manager that helped me with my exchange, sans receipt, was really helpful, allowing me to exchange that dreadful mascara that weighed down my lashes for the only mascara for me: CD's Diorshow in waterproof (For some reason the store back home ran out.... for two MONTHS! eeeek!). On top of that, she even gave me my bday gift even though it was 2+weeks past my birthday. Thank you! I am thoroughly enjoying those Sephora brand shimmery glosses.... and my eyes are now gratefully batting themselves crazy!
4	I do like this sephora too the only downside i applied here and never had call back on it. cuz at the time I'm going to cosmetology school this job suits me better. They have awesome selection it's spacious as other people said. The only downside for some poor  people like me I can't afford to shop here very often  they need section that 7 bucks and u under I'll shop here alot more often then and the staff is friendly and knowledgble and had them do makeover on me n co worker loved it i copied this pic from sephora catalog shes had red lips, white eyes with eyeliner to bad i couldn't buy the products I told then I'll come back wen i get another paycheck. Also there another one at planet hollywood in the mircle mile aka the Aladdin. its not as big but the staff still cool.
5	This is by far one of the best Sephoras I have ever been to. I've hit up most of the ones in DC Metro and some in New York, but this location kicks all of their manicured asses to the curb. First of all, it is spacious! I have never been in a store that large before. Secondly, the store is immaculate. The testers are clean and fresh, unlike the location at the Shops at Miracle Mile, which have been poked and prodded to the point where you're afraid to swatch an eyeshadow out of fear of catching something. The staff are friendly and will approach you to check how you're doing, but not harass you. Also, they have just the right amount of associates on the floor, so it's not too overstaffed or understaffed. They carry way more product lines than my local Sephora. If I lived in Vegas, I wouldn't even bother with ordering from Sephora's website. I'd just go to this location! I came out spending more than I wanted to... I was even surprised by some of Sephora's new palettes. Normally their house brand suck for shadows, as they tend to be kind of chalky and don't apply well. But I found myself purchasing two... their new shadow formula is very nice quality. I was very impressed with my experience here. I'll definitely return next time I'm in Vegas.
4	I love Sephora. They have many locations everywhere now. This one is actually located at the Venetian Hotel. I forgot to bring hair products and lip gloss this one time I went to Vegas, until I stumbled upon this Sephora while walking the strip. I was quite happy when I saw it. I needed those things so I can fix myself up for dinner that night.When you go to a Sephora, you must remember that you might be there a little longer than you expected. There's so many things in different colors and brands. Everything in the store you can try out for yourself. It's great how you can sample their items out before you buy.They also have a Sephora rewards program, so join it. It's for free and they send you coupons at times through the mail. On your birthday, you get a free gift.
5	Sephora - the holy grail for makeup-frenzied females. And it's hard not to be frenzied when faced with such a vast array of beautification options. How can a woman be expected to choose?This Vegas store, on the ground floor of the spectacular Venetian, gets an A+ across the board. With a massive selection and super helpful staff, undoubtedly they make some major sales here, cleaning up when people are in the extravagant Vegas mindset. They certainly sold me on more than I intended to buy. Such is typical with Sephora. A money pit, but a pretty one at that.The girl who helped me turned me on to Philosophy's eye makeup remover - this stuff ROCKS. I think it would probably remove permanent marker. Additionally, I found a fabulous new eyeliner and got enrolled in their perks program. Yay free stuff!
4	This Sephora is really nice. When I went in, I felt like a kid in a candy store. I love that you can test the makeup before purchasing. The quality of the makeup is very good too, they have a lot of hypo-allergenic items which is nice for women like me who have sensitive eyes.
5	I love beauty products, and Sephora is pretty much my heaven.  This location, however, is my fav of ANY I have been too.  Largest selection I have seen, friendly helpful staff and great location if you are in town for vacay.  Central strip.  Love it.
3	I came here with high expectations (maybe because it's located in the lovely Venetian...wouldn't it be more logical to be located in Paris Paris since Sephora is French based? oh well.) and I came out disappointed. Though nice and clean, this Sephora is just like the San Francisco downtown one, but bigger (and by bigger, I meant more walking space and empty room). The lights here were harsh, and the staff wasn't very helpful. Besides having most products and testers in stock, they didn't do anything spectacular. At the very least, for the cheap customer, there is a clearance section.
5	Thanks for being there and opening very late.  Seriously, thank you.
5	This  Sephora is on The Venetian's property, on the Strip. They get awesome scores from me for many reasons. The staff is friendly, knowlegable and eager to help you find -just- what you're looking for. The stock inside Sephora is a woman's dream-come-true! If you are one to get googly-eyed at Bath and Body Works, Sephora will make your head spin! Most products are pricey, high-end items, like Cargo, Benefit, Urban Decay. Expect the average lipstick to be $15-30. Foundations start at about $22, and can go sky-high (to me, anyways) about $80. They are open till 11pm Sun-Thurs, and till 12 midnight.  This fact gets me into lots of trouble!They have a great selection of designer fragrances, and skin care. The men's collection is varied and good as well.
5	This may be the best Sephora ever.   Okay, so I spent $60 on 3 things, but you could also go in here, as a little zing to your make-up that you wouldn't normally add, and heead back out for the night!
5	SO MUCH PRODUCT! The store is huge! I was able to find the 'sellout' Urban Decay shadow that doesn't seem to be in stock in any of the Michigan stores (#WIN) That's all it takes for me!
5	Located in the Venetian. Has one of three Make Up Forever Studios in the country. Nick did a fantastic job on my eyes. Need to schedule ahead. Excellent store, and is huge and on nice days the doors are wide open and gives great natural light and an airy feel.
5	If you love Sephora, you owe it to yourself to come here. This is one of my favorite Sephoras (and we have plenty of 'em in the DC area). The space is huge, the staff is friendly and not overbearing, and the testers are clean and immaculate. When we were here yesterday, I saw that they had section of the store dedicated Make Up Forever studio. That is one of my favorite brands and their HG foundation is my Holy Grail. This place is awesome!
4	Jack Black Baby!!It doesn't take me 2 hours to get ready for a night on the town.  I don't wear jeans so tight you can see the blood travel through my veins, and I certainly don't wear guy-liner.  So why am I reviewing Sephora?  I'm giving every typical guy an easy yet valuable bit of advice.JACK BLACK MEN'S PRODUCTS ARE THE BUSINESS!!Jack Black (not the chubby guy from school of rock) makes the best men's products.  I use two of them daily:  The Face lotion w'/ red algae extract -Very gentle and really keeps your pores clean.  I like how my face feels after applying this.  If you tan often, you should be taking extra steps to protect your skin (unless you want to look like a leather handbag down the road)  Try this stuff for two weeks (put on at night or after a shower) and get ready to be complimented by....everyone who sees you.  The lotion is about $15 I think, it has lasted me a long time already.  Natural mint w/ Shea butter lip balm - When you live in the desert, it isn't difficult to see your lips get chapped, pink and puffy.  Not a good look.  This stuff is brilliant.  It smells really clean and fresh, isn't oily like carmex, and it works very well.  It even lightly tingles your lips as you apply it.  It's about $7 a tube, but the tube lasts me a month at least.  Sure Sephora has all sorts of great colognes, perfumes, makeup, and skin care products.  The real reason for guys to come here, is that Jack Black is impossible to find (Bloomingdales no longer has it).  They have it here, you want it, go get it!
4	I usually don't write many reviews for Sephora stores but I just HAD to for this one because I love this location!I've never been approached by so many sales associates in New York like I have at this location. Sweet!The people here are super friendly and helpful. SA's barely walk up to me and ask if I need help in New York, but people even bring you a basket and ask if you want one. OMG. I know I'm totally just freaking out over a Sephora store but for the first time in so many years, someone wanted to give me a basket! And they're so organized; they even have a section just for items on sale. You'd have to search through each brand back in NY.This Sephora was going for a 5-star until the lady behind the counter. She kept talking over the mic for a product and was repeating herself over and over the whole time of my transaction and barely talked to me.Nevertheless, great store! Beats all the stores in New York!
5	This is the Sephora at the Grand Canal Shoppes at The Venetian.Ohhh how i LOVE this place!!!! Conveniently located at one of my FAVORITE HOTELS, they have an endless abundance of skincare, cosmetics from all sorts of good quality brand of makeup, men and women designer fragrances, makeup tools and other small makeup accessories.I try to come here and buy something whenever I come to Vegas. So far, they have never ran out of an item i was looking for. The sale associates are really helpful but at the same time they leave you when you're just browsing or freely shopping around.-Cynthia-
5	I loovvveee this store! This is one of the best locations I have been to. Their selection is unbeatable.
5	great selection but they never really have sales.
5	I've been here numerous times. In the recent years, it's gotten better. There is more stock in each lines range since this place is big. It is also well stocked for a busy store- I have yet to come and find a product I need is sold out. Illamasqua is carried here! It's not stocked at every Sephora and only a handful of Bloomingdales has this line. 've always had good service here. If I ask something, people are eager to point you in the right direction. They keep their testers fairly clean and neat. I see someone completely eff up an area and see a SA wipe it up. Today though made me screech. They have a Makeup Forever studio in this Sephora! It's basically like a mini MUFE store inside a store and carries some of the pro products that regular counters will not stock. This is one of my favorite ranges and I do use some of the pro products so it's nice to have a place to try them and buy them. I'm so excited for a MUFE studio!
5	Wow.. I can't believe I haven't posted a review for this place!I'm  inspired to write this review after a recent poor experience at a local sephora store here in Calgary Canada. I've had one of the most memorable shopping experiences at this specific Sephora store. The staff here is AMAZING. Completely worth me saving every single loonie (dollar dollar bills) to go back and make all my makeup purchases here. I am an excessive makeup buyer.. and am committed to only going here! Yes well worth the travel and wait. I must say that the makeup artist who helped us (Lino) was AMAZING. He helped me explore new makeup and looks and... sigh. Wish he lived here and could be my personal makeup consultant all the time! I highly recommend stopping in here and asking a sales rep for help with a new look. Everyone there was so knowledgeable. Wish service like this was found everywhere.
5	Amazing selection of items.I stopped in with a GF that needed to update her makeup, and I was really happy to find all the different items I was showing her.  Not only do they have a large selection of makeup items, but they also have a very extensive item of different skincare lines. I was looking in particular for the Kate Somerville ExfoliKate in the .5oz size, which I've only ever seen online. Usually they have the larger 2oz size in the stores. Well, guess what? I found it!  I was as excited as if i had found Waldo or something, and I did my little happy dance while cluting the small box. Oh well.Now, for the guys.They have a huge selection of the Jack Black, Anthony, and Art of Shaving products there, which I know is not usual.Service here is excellent as well.  When I went to pay for my purchases, the sales clerk provided me with a new beauty insider card because I had lost mine awhile ago. Now I won't have to keep spelling out my email for them!
5	We were wondering around the strip and I had a make up emergency. My stepmom said "HEY we just walked past Sephora!" We turned around right around and ran inside. The place was pretty empty, but I guess they were open for another hour. I went to the Make Up Forever section (a rare line of makeup that they only have in select stores) and Mark helped touch me up. I looked like a million bucks in about 5 minutes and I was back in action ready to hit the club! The ladies working at the register were super helpful and nice too. Great place and HUGE store. I'm sure I would have gotten my wallet in alot  more trouble if I had more time to shop... but I guess that goes for any store!
2	They have everything you need at this store...except helpful associates. Nothing like my local Sephora.Not to mention if you're trying to find this place from inside the Palazzo, it's a pain.  Easy if you're out walking the strip, but why do that when it's 100 degrees outside.
4	Huge place, great selection, friendly staff. Got my make up done (full face) with a purchase of a 50 dollar gift card. I guess it wasn't that bad. It was done decently without looking like a clown. Also got lashes put on which I purchased for 15 bucks and an HD concealer for 28.Although it's pricey, the quality of the products here are excellent. Some staff are knowledgeable and most were helpful. The make-up artist herself was pretty good in suggesting the right product but could've have been more informative on what she was using on me without me having to ask.
4	Came back on a Saturday afternoon and service was so much better!They must save the really helpful and knowledgeable staff for the peak times. Oh well.
4	Popped in this Sephora to seek shelter from the sweltering heat (100+ degrees in early July). I was promptly greeted by a gentleman who worked there. After learning that I was only "looking around" and had no specific items to look for, he rather bluntly said that he "wanted to change my lip color." Okay, I thought, and let him lead me to a makeup station while he worked his magic and gave me a quick touchup of my lips and face. I thoroughly loved the look after he finished, and ended up purchasing the lipstick he used as a sample on me (Guerlain Rouge Automatique #160). I absolutely love this product, and have been using it ever since. It's creamy and super moisturizing (compared to the lipstick I was using immediately before walking into this Sephora). I hated having to put chapstick on my lips first and then apply the lipstick because it was so dry. I was at first suspicious when he told me that this product wouldn't be like that, but was quickly pleasantly surprised to find out that it was indeed very moisturizing. Although it was a bit pricey ($36 I believe), I don't regret the purchase at all because it's of such good quality. Throughout the process he also tried to engage me and asked me my name and where I was visiting from. He was just so jovial and exuberant the entire time, and I would've felt bad not buying anything he used on me afterwards (turned out that it was a good decision to get the lipstick anyway). Besides the Guerlain lipstick I also liked the bronzer he used on me, and now regret not buying anything else besides the lipstick (primer, bronzer, highlighter, etc) because I was trying to save money at the time. It was my first time getting a pro makeup session in a Sephora, and it was completely impromptu, but I loved it and am thinking of making an appointment or just popping in a Sephora in DC and getting some personal beauty advice. I'm sure many other girls also fell for the highly effective salesperson that I encountered, and had trouble declining to make any purchase because he was so friendly and made an effort to connect with you. Although he could be labeled as "pushy," I didn't find it at all invasive or annoying (like I said, I probably just fell for the cute attempts at striking up a meaningful conversation with me). But more importantly, the product I ended up purchasing was really great, and what he had told me is really true. Not to mention that I also liked the look he created on my face. If I'm in Vegas next time I'll definitely try to stop by again (even if not this Sephora, then definitely to one of the three that are on the Strip).
5	There's not much to say about this - seems like every other Sephora store I've ever been to, but when you're about 300 miles away from home and you've left your foundation in your room, this place is the best thing ever built.It's located right next to the Palazzo and you can't really miss it while you're on the Strip. Service is pretty good. The store is HUGE. Prices are the same so yea. I just love knowing that if I have a make up emergency, I can run over to this place and fix whatever problem I have.
3	Yes I'm rating Sephora, and yes I will be honest about my review. I think I've gone to Sephoras all over the country and even in other countries, but it's still fun seeing what sorta service/set up you have..Not much to say here, nobody greeted us asked if we needed help and it was dirty. Ok, Vegas partyers coming in drunk and messed up I can understand. Same thing happens in SF during one of our many weekend city parties.. LOL. Sooo yeah lots of stuff! Everything was in stock too and out! :) Probably better to come back when you ARE tipsy, makes the experience more fun?
5	Pleasant helpful staff, products are stocked, and it's really convenient.  And it's huge!  I was messing with the body paints, not knowing what they were or how to use them, and a staff member stopped by to show me how they are used, knowing full well I wasn't going to buy anyway.  Fun place to get your girlie on.
2	Anyone who knows me knows that I am a MAKEUP / PRODUCT junkie!!  I can spend hours in Sephora just playing with make up.  Normally when I go to Sephora, I am greeted and immediately asked if I need help.  Well this time, I was not greeted by anyone....heck I was the one speaking to them.  I noticed that there was an employee who looked like she was PRAYING that I wouldn't ask her anything.  As a matter of fact there were at least 3 of them.  The only one who made me feel welcomed, was a young man / short with nice eyebrows.  He was cool.  Dear Sephora Vegas - work on CUSTOMER SERVICE.  We are on vacation and have money to spend.  Dont you need that??   Your staff that worked on Fri Jan 13th was the worst!
4	This is one of the biggest, nicest Sephora locations I've been into. It's located right next to the Venetian and is pretty easily accessible if you park there or at Casino Royale. They've always been pretty nice to me here, including telling me where to find items that they no longer carry.
5	this is for their make up forever counter section of their store...i usually go to sephora for my make up needs and of course i was on vacation and wanted to stock up before i left to go back toL.A. Ive never tried makeup forever products. i wish i had the girl's buisness card still but i think ileft it at my hotel room. but she was the only asian chick working at the makeup forever counter and she was THHEE BEST!  she was busy helping another person but her client went to go walk around..i asked her i needed a great fondation for oily skin and a powder as well but i didnt know which kind to get and what my color my skin was...she matched me andshe has sold me on makeup forever products. she was great and just friendly even when her client came back..she still stayed focused on me after i was done with my questions!
3	I went to Sephora for a make-up refill last week.  I found the salesman to be a bit pushy and the music was so loud I couldn't hear my husband who was standing right next to me.  I decided to visit my local Sephora back home where I would be able to get the service I needed within a more suitable environment.
4	This is a really nice and large Sephora but is it really necessary to have a gazillion employees walking around chatting with one another and only one person running the register???  Annoying!
2	Note: This review is for this Sephora store only! This Sephora is massive! They have every product you could ever imagine but the customer service is terrible. I asked one of the ladies a question and she didn't even look at me and told me to talk to another girl a few feet away. When I asked the same question to the next lady she handed me the product I was asking for then walked away...even though I had more questions. The store was not crowded so I am not sure why they were too busy to help me. They also forgot to ring up my eyeliner that was in my basket, which I discovered when I got back to the hotel with no eyeliner in the bag!
5	The girl Sarah at the Makeup Forever counter is fantastic!!! She knew what she was talking about and made my night!!! I looked fabulous! I am so coming back for every event. Love it
5	Had my makeup done here on 10/20/12 with Cynthia. She did an amazing job and knew exactly what do to to bring out my best features and have my skin appear flawless. Highly recommend paying her a visit. The rest of the staff was also very helpful and accommodating.
5	Oh Sephora! Do you know how much I love and adore you? However, my bank account always cringes whenever I visit. You can easily drop $80+ in one transaction.This Sephora is located at The Venetian Hotel and Casino. It is not exactly at The Grand Canal Shoppes...it is actually on street level. Right on Las Vegas Blvd. Kind of a hassle to get to since you have to walk all the way back out on the strip considerin the fact that you probably parked at the guest parking garage.I've been to this location numerous of times...probably more when I was still a tourist. Local or tourist, every time I stop by here to purchase or browse, all items were fully stocked. I've never ran into a problem here where they were out of an item I wanted to buy.
4	I was in desperate need of lip balm after 3 days of being in Vegas (I'm used to much more humid weather).  I walked in, asked a SA to recommend an inexpensive lip balm with no color or sparkle, and she immediately recommended the Sephora brand lip balm ($5).  She was also very nice about letting me try some other products to help with my dryness, including a water mist.  I was in and out in less than 5 minutes.  I love Sephora, and I wish all stores had such helpful service!
5	The other reviews say most of what I want to say about this Sephora, but I want to add something I wish I had known during my Las Vegas trip: this location is the best in Vegas. There seems to be one every block, I know I saw 4 while I was there and I went to the one in Miracle Mile/Planet Hollywood before I noticed this one was closer to me, but this one is far larger and better stocked than the others. Convenience is also a definite factor; this location is accessible from the street rather than inside a mall. If you need a Sephora in Vegas that's better than the ones in the malls at home, this location is it.
5	Love all the sephoras in vegas because they carry brands that most CA sephora's (with the exception of SouthCoast Plaza in Costa Mesa) carry: Guerlain, Becca, Illamasqua, Givenchy etc.  I'm such a beauty product junkie. During my last visit to Vegas, I made it to three different sephoras in the course of 2 hours. Love love love. Their cosmetic return policy is also just as amazing, close to that of Nordstrom's.
5	The service is great here! The girls are so sweet! I was helped with making a purchase today and felt super confident in what I purchased. I tried out at home and loved it! :D
3	I was actually kind of disappointed by the customer service in this Sephora. Granted, it's usually girls who are shopping here and the products that are in stock are of a higher quality than what you would find in a CVS or Walgreens. My fiance was looking for some chapstick and he asked the question of, "Do you have Burts Bees?" The person working gave him a very condescending scoff and said they didn't. She pointed him in the direction of Fresh cosmetics. I think she could have been friendlier, and just given a simple "Sorry, we don't carry that here." We originally entered so I could pick up some Josie Maran argan oil for my skin that was freaking out due to the lack of humidity, and I'm so glad that I was able to find some promptly. I'm also glad that it wasn't sold at a huge markup like I expected everything to be in Vegas.
4	Sephora is always great! This one can get a bit crowded but what do you expect, you're in Vegas!
1	Was disappointed with the customer service and how employees were too busy talking amongst themselves. And just pointed to where I could find something rather than showing me. The worst part it wasn't even busy!
4	Usually Sephora does not give attentive service, but this place was different. A woman gave me time to check my skin color was matched to the product. I know there are plenty customers in Vegas, but you gave me good memory. Thank you.
5	Great customer service experience.  I purchased an eyeliner and when I got home I looked in my bag to find something totally different.  Somehow bags were switched during the transaction.  I called Sephora and Kris (or Chris), was extremely helpful.  Offered to ship  the eyeliner to my house since I had already returned home to California.  Even included some extra samples/goodies as an apology for the mix-up.
5	I love this location. Everyone is so informative and very helpful. I strictly only come to this location because of how nice the employees are and how all of them know what they're talking about.
5	Made appointments for myself and 4 other girls to get a makeover here this past Saturday before going dancing and the staff was excellent!  They all did great jobs on our makeup and listened to what each of us wanted for our looks and made recommendations based on what they thought would work best for our coloring.  The girl who did my make up was named Marissa and she actually works on the Makeup Forever side.  I think she did a great job because aside from being super nice, I wanted something fun and glammy for Vegas and she definitely fulfilled that request.  It was fun for our group of girls to get a little pampering before our GNO!
5	I love sephora especially for samples. Being able to try out products before dropping some big bucks is always nice! Only thing i had a hassle with is not being able to exchange or return things from a freestanding sephora at a sephora in jcp. Just be warned! Love sephora tho
5	I love this Sephora store every time I visit there are plenty of staff to help, at almost every turn. It's great in this store because for any aisle you go down there is a professional to assist and answer any questions you have on the many products. I took my teenage niece with me and one of the staff assisted her with makeup for her age group and did her makeup at the same time while giving her instructions on how to apply, I had gone off to get perfume and when I returned I could not believe how lovely she looked! It was New Years Eve and although crowded they were very attentive. Also, as we tried to tip she told us they do not take tips! I never leave there empty handed and I always leave with a smile and my face made up with awesome make-up! Whoooola Happy Happy Customer!
4	I'm a big Sephora fan. I love the Sephora stores where I live, in Seattle. NYC's Times Square store is great, as it's open so late. And now I can add this location to my "fave" list. My mother and I stopped in here recently as she needed some obscure Philosophy product. She didn't remember the name of it or what it looked like, but the helpful sales lady (who also had no idea what my mom was talking about) grabbed "Mr Philosophy" sales guy in the back and he immediately handed my mother the product she was trying to find. How on earth he knew what she was looking for is beyond me. Wow. While paying, the cashier threw in the bag two adorable Sephora compact mirrors. They were boxed so pretty, I thought they'd be perfect stocking stuffers for my teen girls (XMas was just a few days away). Unfortunately, back at the hotel, we discovered that the compacts were defective (they would not open. Defective hinges or something. And God knows, we tried!). Perhaps this is why they were giving them away. Oh well. I still love the store...
5	In London, there's no Sephora. When I saw this Sephora on the side of the Venetian, I nearly passed out from excitement.If you're staying in the Venetian, or even walking through it, there are clearly marked signs leading you to Sephora - it was a sign, right?! Once you navigate a few moving sidewalks, you end up on the doorstep of this Beauty Mecca. The staff are extremely friendly and helpful. Every time I would walk past someone, they would offer their assistance. Marissa who works on the Make Up Forever Counter was my favourite sales associated I've ever encountered. She helped me find my shade in the extremely sought after MUFE HD Foundation and gave me tips on how to apply, conceal etc. They have little travel sized beauty essentials before you check out. Those tiny bad boys were just screaming, "Pick me! Take me home!" I couldn't resist them. If you're ever looking to try before buying a full size I recommend them. There's all sorts of wonderful little ones like Urban Decay setting spray and primer potion mini, Clinique minis etc. If you're into make up/beauty - go! GO! The store is laid out well, all the brands have their own little kiosk, just walk around and you'll be sure to find what you're looking for. If not, ask one of the many friendly staff. Beware - it is a den of temptation, proceed with caution!
2	I generally like Sephora. Up until now, I had only pleasant experience in all their locations. I have a VIB card that gives you some free services and gifts. Sephora have a nice free service that they call "Express Services". This is especially useful when I am traveling and I have an evening event after a long day and I want to have an expert do a nice effect with my eyes before the event. That was my plan on that day.So I showed up here, to the Sephora location at the Venetian as my event was next door at the Wynn. It did seems promising as the location was mostly empty and there was a number of employees doing nothing. I enquired politely for an express service for my eye and the girl that answered seem to be annoyed by my request... she then proceeded to ask someone else and then came back saying that no one was available to help me! There was a least 10 employee on site and far less customers in the store and no one is available? She told me that there might be someone if I came back in an hour (that was too late for my event). Fortunately in that area of the "strip" there is a number of Sephora stores so I proceeded to the one at the Caesar's Palace across the street where I was greeted by much nicer staff and could have the professional service that I usually find at Sephora.I think that the chain should take a look at their employee at this location because they are not representing them well at all!
5	Wasn't expecting great service since it's on the strip, but was pleasantly surprised. I got color matched by Taylor, and he was so helpful. He tried so many different shades of foundation on me to find the right one and he never once seemed impatient. I ended up buying more than I went in needing, but I guess that's their job!
1	working on the strip for 5 years I expect good service bc I know the service I give to customers.. buut when I walked in I passed 5 diff workers one was the mgr && not one person greeted me. Then when I asked to speak to a mgr I was questioned why I was asking. everyone seemed to have an attitude when we asked for a sample. very displeased w/ everything about the store.
5	Like Ambi H. I nearly passed out from excitement when I saw this Sephora. Not because we don't have Sephora in Delaware because we do. A great one in Christiana Mall and yes it's fab. My near loss of consciousness came was due to the facts that 1. I wasn't expecting to see a Sephora on the Strip. and 2. the sheer vastness of it.Beautifully done inside and out. The outside is attention grabbing. It's beautiful. The inside is a vast expansion of makeup, fragrance and loveliness. If you can imagine it, it's here.A big wide open doorway beckons you. Friendly and helpful staff await you. They don't even mind posing for selfies with you!I found quite a few new perfumes which I loved. Squashed my inner germ-a-phobe and tried on some make up samples. I really didn't have time for a makeover but I would have loved to. They did generously offer to help me with that.If you love make-up, fragrance and self indulgence (and who doesn't?) you have got to stop here! Perfect spot to cool your jets while on the strip.http://www.meonlybetterfitness.com
5	While I was in town for work (back in April), my co-worker and I walked the strip to get out of the hotel. We were both really excited to see Sephora. I am getting married in October and really wanted a better idea of what I should do for my make-up that day. Sarah was a peach!! and is fabulous at her job!! I couldn't have been more happy or thrilled with what she did - listened to what I liked and didn't like, supplied me with excellent tips, directions on how to apply the make-up, samples and answered all of my questions. She is definitely a wonderful asset to your company! Thanks for everything Sarah!!
1	Rude staff, no greeting or welcoming! Not helpful at all.Lack of knowledge, 2 of 4 items I was looking for was out of stock.One of the sales person said she was checking it on the back but after 10 mins she never came back.I walk away and I saw her was chatting with bunch of coworkers. No one was paying attention but chatting to other coworkers. What a great service
