1	Gag!  Worst Thai ever.  I wanted Pad Si Ew but they didn't have it, so I got Drunken Noodles.  Gross!  I got it to go and as soon as I got home and opened the container, I was overwhelmed by the stench of the funky food.  Figured it was just the smell that was bad, so forced myself to eat some.  Blah!  The sauce was totally greasy and yucky.  I felt sick afterwards.I was weirded out when I got there and noticed that in addition to Thai food they also serve sushi.  Hmm... weird mix.  I will not be trying the sushi that's for sure, or ever returning.
5	This is our favorite restaurant in North Las Vegas. My husband works in Japan, but when he is in town, this is where we go for the good food and pleasant atmosphere. We usually have sashimi and sushi with potstickers...my favorite is Ikura. Some places serve old Ikura, but theirs always tastes fresh. We also like the barbecue bento box. I have had a few of their thai dishes and everything was delicious. I am from Hawaii, so maybe the dishes are made more like I'm used to. Thai Basil will remain our special place. They treat us like family.
1	I asked the waiter what the house special curry is and he told me it was the panang. So I ordered the panang with veggies and tofu, no meat ($9). Screw you, little Asian man. You should've warned me your special curry sucked. Okay, in all fairness, it didn't suck. It just didn't taste great, as panang should (see: Komol). It was marked with an asterisk, meaning spicy. I'm a wuss when it comes to spicy food, but that ish did NOT phase me. Spicier things have come out of my ass. My cousin ordered golden tofu (NOT like Chinese stinky tofu; $6). Its like, battered in tempura-like stuff and fried and served with a shoyu-ish sauce ... ish. That was better than my stupid panang. You don't fuck with panang. Anyways. The place was decored with cheesy Asian furnitures. Like shoji screens and seats with random kanji. Oh, and they had a sushi bar. And the menu had moo goo gai pan. It wasn't so much Thai, as it was randomly Asian. The help was really friendly, though. I guess you need to be if your food sucks. * off the strip, non-casino
4	I would have to completely disagree with the other reviewer in regards to the panang.  I absolutely love it!  My husband and I get take out from there at least every two weeks.  He has tried every noodle dish on the menu, but keeps coming back to the Chicken Pad Thai.  I find the vegetable panang to be very authentic, and sometimes it is spicier than other times - but I always love it.  I agree that the decor is an interesting mix and that the restaurant is more Asian blend that straight Thai - but for it's convenient location and decent prices, as well as fantastic panang, we return time after time.
1	I ordered the basil calamari and thai fried rice earlier and I must say...they sucked!  Not sure how you can manage to make a bland fried rice when it's supposed to have curry powder in it.  The calamari was also flavorless and extremely tough to chew.  I had to douse them in the chili sauce to get any flavor at all.
4	This is one of the best places I've found in North Las Vegas to eat at.  I work at a local high school and whenever we have staff days, etc..  Honestly-the quality of our food choices (restaurant-wise) are pretty poor in the area.  This is definitely the best Asian food I've found in this area, and they have GREAT lunch specials.  A group of five of us went for lunch, and all of us were very pleased with what we ordered.  Four of us had the bento lunch (7.95!), which includes 4 pieces of sushi (from a choice of a California Roll or a Spicy Tuna Roll), 2 crab wontons, vegetable tempura, a meat dish, edamame and a scoop of rice.  Wow!  It's very cute inside, and service was good.  It's not a WOW restaurant, but it's a great deal in this location.  Definitely give it a try!
4	Had lunch here. Dined on chicken panang. It was excellent. Spice range was in the middle, (just right for not asking me how hot I wanted it) with good quality thinly sliced chicken breast, onions, and just a few diced green pepper and tomatoes. Panang is one of my favorite dishes and I thought it was excellent. We also had Thai Basil Chicken entree, this plate is served with bamboo shoots, carrots & bok choy. This was also excellent. The good quality of these dishes, make up for the somewhat small portions here. I was also surprised that a small soup and egg roll is NOT part of the lunch special. Oh well, it's offered, you'll just have to pay a few more dollars. I really like this place. I've been here 4 times for lunch now and liked it each time. Two lunch plates and two drinks, $17.95 with tax. Quality food and a reasonable portion size, is better than eating alot of oily, larger portions offered at many places. Give this place a try.
3	Besides it's easy access location from where I live, Thai Basil has the nicest people working here! They take the time to explain and answer whatever questions we had concerning the menu and even the ingredients of sriacha, the history of the use of thai chilis, and even the meaning to life (well, not really... haha!)!The first time I ate food from Thai Basil, was for take out and I found the food sitting on my kitchen counter. I flipped the lid and chowed down. I asked where the food was from and found out it was from Thai Basil. I destroyed their pad thai! I made it a point to come to the restaurant someday soon!...And that day came when we decided to celebrate my mom's birthday at her favorite Thai spot. Authenticity may be in question, but regardless of that detail, the food was very tasty and came out piping hot and... the rarest thing in a lot of restaurants nowadays: a smile! We ordered a gang of food to celebrate:Panang fish-- Deep fried fish filets in panang curry with a hint of coconut milk. Delicious and packs kicks and punches if you're generous with those cute tiny Thai chilis.Eggplant beef-- I'm not a huge fan of eggplant, but the way this dish is prepared makes me a believer that eggplant is supposed to be edible. lol!Pad Sew Ew Chicken-- Not too bad. Not too great. It makes me think if cooks hide flavor with spice. Hmm. I hope that's not the case here.Although Thai Basil isn't on my top list of Thai spots here in Vegas, I'll go back as a family past time because my mom likes it and it's near the house. I do find it kind of odd that Thai Basil serves all kinds of Asian food, but it definitely isn't the first (Asians love to do that!) This place is definitely one I'd love to discover there specialties at.
3	The minute I walked in I felt like I was in Thailand.  No wait, I felt like I was in Japan.  No wait, I felt like I was in Vietnam!  If an independent restaurant could steal anything from American corporate restaurants, it is this identity crisis.  Let's get one thing straight; Thai Basil does not serve Thai food.  They serve Asian-styled American food.  However, I feel that Thai Basil, even despite the name, advertises itself as a fusion restaurant above everything else.  Normally I am hard on non-authentic Thai restaurants, but this one really is just an Asian fusion restaurant, thus I will rate it as such.We ordered the 'Thai" iced tea, the Drunken Noodles ($5.95), Panang w/beef ($5.95), the Thai Basil Chicken ($6.95), and a Philadelphia roll just to try.  We also tried the cream cheese wontons, which were a slightly better version of the ones you would get at Pickup Stix, although they were a little bit over cooked.  They came with a non-homemade, sugary sweet and sour sauce that didn't really impress me.  They also offer Pho here, and its probably the only Pho in all of North Las Vegas!  The "Thai" iced tea was the first clue that this wasn't a Thai restaurant.  It was normal brewed coffee over ice with a lot of sugar in it.  I could feel the slight heat from the freshly brewed coffee as the ice cooled it down.  The second hint was that they had soy sauce, but no real Thai chili peppers or fish sauce.  They brought us a thinly ground chili powder, and some sort of chili "flakes" upon our request for Thai chili powder.  The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't great.  The beef Panang was lightly sweet, perhaps a little too sweet for some hardcore curry lovers.  While it was a thick-soupy consistency, it had a definite Indian flavoring to it.  The beef was very tender, although perhaps a little bit fatty.  The Thai Basil Chicken was more of a Chinese dish, with a very light but sweet marinated sauce on it, along with cabbage.  The chicken was well prepared, and very tender.  There was no spice involved in the dish, as one might suspect from a Thai dish.  Probably the worst item that we had was the Drunken Noodles.  The noodles were a flat noodle that you would see in Americanized Chinese restaurants, and the sauce was pretty flavorless.  The noodles were too dry. The Philadelphia roll wasn't bad at all.  I am not an expert on sushi, but it seemed fresh, and they stuffed a lot of salmon and cream cheese in the roll. If this were a purely Thai restaurant, I would give them 2 stars for the Thai food.  However, since this is more of a fusion restaurant, and the food was for the most part acceptable, I am giving a generous 3 stars. The prices are also extremely cheap, although the portions are a little bit on the smaller side compared to other restaurants.  I would consider coming back for the sushi, but definitely not the Thai food.
5	The bad reviews about this place make me sad. I am in love with Thai food after a trip to LA, and everywhere I've gone in Vegas isn't even comparable! We've gone to more popular places with better reviews and I honestly thought they weren't that great. The spicy drunken noodles from Thai basil were absolutely amazing! My boyfriend got another dish and he absolutely loved it as well. It was clean, quick, and had SUCH great food! I'm so happy a place like this is near my house! This is easily my favorite restaurant in Vegas!
4	I had lunch with my wife.  I ordered the beef panang with rice for $5.95, my wife ordered Sriracha Beef for $6.50.  The Sriracha Beef came with an egg roll (that I ate) and fried rice that the wife substituted with white rice.  I'm a good sized guy and I did not finish my beef panang and rice.  A nice sized portion, and it tasted great.  On a 1-10 for spicy, I ordered an 8.  Yummmm.  The wife enjoyed the Sriracha Beef, a spicy dish with veggies and cooked in Sriracha chiles.  She could not finish her portions.  The service was brisk.  They gave a free refill on the Thai iced tea!  Two people ate for about $15.50.  A very good value, tasty food, and prompt service.
3	I've been here twice with my boyfriend when we had curry cravings.  Normally, I like to go to Mix Zone for curry because they make it as spicy as you want (and I love spicy food), but this place is a lot closer and sometimes when we feel like having curry, it's on a Sunday and sadly, Mix Zone is closed on Sundays.I've gotten the Panang curry both times. I thought it was pretty good, but I haven't tried it anywhere else before, so I can't compare it with anything.  The only curry I've eaten before Mix Zone's and Thai Basil's is homemade dishes or from a restaurant in Chinatown, NY (I'm Chinese and originally from NJ; my family spends a good amount of time out in NYC).  I don't know what kind of curry was used, but everything I had back on the east coast was definitely prepared differently (while the curry is good out here, I still prefer my dad's).  I thought it was cute that the bowl of curry is served atop a stand which contains a tealight to keep it hot (I uploaded a pic).So the food was pretty okay.  Not impressed with the service, but it wasn't bad.  They brought me my food and refilled my beverage.  They just didn't do anything exceptional, but I didn't really care as long as we weren't being ignored.  I can't vouch for anything anyone else wrote here, like about the utensils being taken from the pile of dirty dishes.My experiences here have been okay so far.  We have no reason not to come back.  I only gave them 3 stars because I haven't tried anything else on their menu and their service was okay.
5	This is off the beaten path.....But, The sesame chicken and kung pao chicken are obscenely good. The prices are fantastic...
3	I got lost looking for a client and stumbled across Thai Basil. The interior is nicely decorated and they even had a sushi bar - odd? My waiter was spot on with service and Thai Basil offered a good selection of different Asian cuisine - Japanese, Thai, Chinese and even Vietnamese Pho are offered here! My order the Bento box which started with miso soup - and my Bento box included basil shrimp, spicy tuna roll, rice, tempura veggies, crab cheese won tons and edamane. The quality of the basil shrimp was tasty and flavorful, spicy tuna yummy, tempura veggies greasy, crab cheese won tons crunchy tasty and edamane tasted dated.Overall a decent lunch with a nice atmosphere but I felt the food could have been of higher quality. Maybe they are trying to offer to many selections and choices?
5	This place is a diamond in the rough!  I always have a great experience when I come.. The service is always good, and at least at lunch I have never had to wait for a seat!  Don't let that fool you though, it's great food, it is too bad they don't have a better location!  Their lunch specials are great, around $7 a meal and more than enough food... but truly you MUST try the Panang Curry!!  It is my favorite curry in town!  Thai Spring Rolls are also a great appetizer!
5	My friend recommended it because his family orders take out from them and claims they have great food, but has never been to the restaurant. We arrive 30 minutes before closing time, they're very happy and seat us. (gotta love smiling workers!)The seats are like sitting in your own dining room! The menu had lots of items, mainly main courses. I usually order pad see eew but it wasn't on the menu! Thankfully I had to ask and they had availability.They serve sushi and pho also.My friend who came back from Afghanistan tried to get away with ordering a drink by showing his military ID- all my friend had to say was "You're very good at math, I like you" xD our host was a great sport, he smiled even though he probably didn't understand the humor. So in that case, I ordered a glass of lychee sake. It is very good!I was there with 3 other friends and I had a great time. My friend even claims the bathrooms are nice! Lovely decorated, I'll come back again when I visit the north side!
4	So my wife and I went there on a date and found a thai restaurant where we didnt have to drive a half and hour from our lovely North Las Vegas abode. We enjoyed the thai aspect of the restaurant but the sushi was a little less than par thats the only reason for the 4 in stead of the 5.The atmosphere was good very quaint but food was very fairly priced for the portions and just had an overall good experience
3	This is a good restaurant. I liked the atmosphere and decor. It just seemed a little weird to me that they are a Thai restaurant with a sushi bar. I tried some of my husband's sushi and didn't love it. I ordered red Thai chicken and it was very good. The only thing was that I ordered a 6 in spiciness and it was definitely a 10 or something. Couldn't eat much of it, thats how hot it was and I actually like spicy. We are a regular at Thai Grill and there I always order a 6 and I end up adding hot sauce to my food. Service was ok. Restaurant doesn't have super authentic Thai food and I think maybe they should focus only on one thing, either the sushi bar or the Thai food. I'm not sure if I will go back just because Thai Grill is so much better with a much bigger menu.
4	I love sushi so this place is a good place they dont have ayce but they have decent rolls at a good price I best time to go is during lunch hours cuz sushi is half price!!! Mmmm the who's ur daddy is a good roll I always order it because my husband isn't a lover of sushi but that seems to be the o.ly roll he will eat from there! We go on a regular or about 1 every few months n every time service is great its a small hole in wall so u never get treated like ur a nobody:)
2	Was here last night, dont know if its just me but usually when you walk into a sushi/thai place you get a welcome from some one in a corner or from behind the sushi bar, but not here. No one came to seat us and there was no sign so we just grabbed a seat. Everything else like server etc was ok. In regards to the food itself, we didnt like it at all..Thai foods known for its authentic flavor and spices.. This place want good. Honestly theirs better tasting thai food in Vegas....
3	alright so location....eh....but when your inside you still cant get that out of your head.....BUT when the food come lol your mind can definately forget where you are.....and the food is very good and the establishment is clean aswell we usually get some sort of curry and desert ....price is good and the staff are nice!
5	I love this restaurant !  The people are awesome !  They remember your name when you call them up for great take out!
1	Worst Asian restaurant ever. The "pho" tasted like noodles and plain hot water. The eggrolls lacked flavor . No matter how I tried to doctor it up it still tasted terrible. Waste of money. I'll haul my butt to Chinatown from now on.
4	Walked in at about 6 pm on 2/25 with about 20 people after winning a sticking fighting tournament @Aliante Station about 30 minutes prior.  (Go Mixed Combative Systems!)  After a little confusion and miscommunication, we were seated between 3 tables with little problems.  I usually eat with a healthy approach but since this was my one cheat meal a week, I took the gloves off and threw down HARD.  I personally devoured a chicken satay appetizer, Banzai roll, Boston roll, Beef Panang with white, sticky rice and finished with a banana cheesecake ice cream chased with 2 Thai Iced Teas.  Everything that came to my table was delicious with everyone leaving full and satisfied.  I ended up overtipping due to the fact that I should of made a reservation but oh well.  All good.  Definitely coming back.
5	Best Darn Tofu Appetizer in the World! I haven't seen any restaurant prepare tofu like this place does. Golden Tofu is a must order if you come here.The Sriracha beef is so darn good! I haven't tried their sushi. The service is friendly here. My favorite Americanized Thai restaurant is right here.
5	Good curry. Liked the thai style spider roll. Wife said the chinese was good. something for everyone you should try it!
2	I had been to Thai Basil a handful of times a couple years ago and then all of a sudden stopped going.  I couldn't remember why this happened and decided to pay a visit the other night.  Well, as Celine once sang: "It's all coming back to me now..."Let me start by saying the name of the place is THAI Basil, yet on the front of their restaurant they also advertise pho, sushi, and Corona.  Maybe they are trying to cater to the North Las Vegas crowd who has a serious lack of Asian (and beer?) choices, but I'm always leery of a restaurant that is mainly one type of food but throws in some other options as well.In order of best tasting, we had: Thai Basil Vegetables, Panang Curry with tofu, and Pad Thai with tofu.Thai Basil Vegetables: I have to give them some major props for fresh, well-cooked veggies.  It had tons of broccoli and baby bok choy and very little carrots (bleh).  My body was happy for the nutrients.  However, the praises end there as the sauce was thick and goopy and a little too sweet.  Despite being the most flavorful thing we ordered, it could have used some more love.Panang Curry: I was excited to see a giant container of curry when we got home thinking we had hit the jackpot.  But then I became sad once I started to dig around and realized that it was mainly curry broth and very little "meat" to it.  It contained mostly tofu (I was hoping for veggies) and the tofu was cut into huge pieces.  I hate this because the tofu ends up not soaking up as much curry as it can if the pieces were cut smaller.  As for veggies, there were only a couple pieces of tomato and green pepper.  There was also a good bit of onion- which I would normally enjoy- but the onion was completely raw.  Sorry, I can't handle that much raw onion breath, thanks.  On top of it, the curry was pretty bland with only a tiny bit of spice.Pad Thai: I know that this is typically the white people's noodles in Thai restaurants.  I normally don't order Pad Thai, but when I asked the lady which noodles she recommended, she was enthusiastic about them (perhaps she was playing it safe with me?).  Anyway, the noodles were super thin, super dry, super greasy, and super flavorless.  There were hardly any bean sprouts and there was zero spice.  Granted, they gave me some chili paste on the side, but I prefer my noodles to be spiced-up on arrival.  In all, if you are the kind of person that can't drive out of your way to go get some good Thai food, then this place will do if you live in the area.  Otherwise, save up a couple bucks for gas and get your butt out to Komol.
4	Great Panang curry! I wish they had lunch specials, though :-(
5	I don't write reviews often. I've been here 3 times and it is a hidden gem. Thank God for yelp.. The pad thai and drunken noodles  are amazing. Curries and sushi is great too.. You won't be disappointed!
4	This is really a 3.5 star place but I would rather bump them up to four stars.This place is a sushi bar, Thai, Chinese, Vietnamese place!  I like the tables and chairs in here.  It was like going to your Asian friends house.  I had the green chicken curry - it was tasty and on the spicy side.  I also have had a bento box here.  This place isn't an authentic type of place - but the food is good.  It's a better than your typical neighborhood chines restaurant.The prices are very reasonable!
4	We absolutely love this place! The pineapple curry is out of this world and the prices are great. The serving sizes are large enough to share and then have some left over. Love this place :)
3	Love the Hot and Sour Soup!!!!*update* Not so much anymore.
3	I have not tried all their dishes, yet. My husband's curry lacked a lot of flavor, but my chicken dish was good. I will try again to find other dishes.
2	I came here specifically for a Japanese bento box. I got the beef teriyaki which was ok but it definitely didn't taste like teriyaki and seriously needed more sauce. My bento box came with:miso soup - pretty goodedamame - averageshrimp tempura - horrible, it tasted like a fish stick and had completely different breading than the vegetable tempuravegetable tempura - average4 small pieces california roll - good but very smallwhite rice - averagebeef teriyaki - see aboveI have never had a bento box that didn't leave me stuffed. I was still actually hungry after eating this and so was my friend that I was there with. The portions of each item are incredibly small. Overall, it just wasn't that great and I don't think I would go back for Japanese food.
1	I've been to Thai Basil several times over the past few years and the service and definitely the food is very inconsistent.  I understand they are in a difficult location but that does not mean they can lack on the food quality or service.
4	Don't get the bad reviews for this place!?! We have ordered from here many times over the last few years and had good experiences every time. The manhattan and bonzai rolls are probably my favorite. We also order entrees, noodles, and curries. Big fan of the pineapple fried rice and yaki soba! On top of everything, THEY DELIVER!!!
2	I was let down. Prices were decent, that was the only upside.I ordered the drunken noodles, they were slightly different to the drunken noodles I have had at other Thai restaurants in the past. I noticed there were no tomatoes, I've never had drunken noodles without tomatoes! The whole selection of Thai food in general was lacking, I didn't see any pad woon sen, squash curry, or red curry.The reason I love Thai restaurants is because the selection and flavors have a lot more to offer than a typical Chinese restaurant.. Honestly though, this place reminded me of a cheap Chinese food restaurant.. Or worse I'd say it was almost as bad as a Panda Express.I really didn't feel like I was eating authentic Thai food and that was what I was looking for. I think because they offered sushi along with Chinese, it made it not as great.Ill try and find a Thai restaurant that just focuses in on Thai food..
2	Average place. Nothing memorable.
1	Nothing special at all.The food is flavorlessi came to eat here 3 different  times just thought maybe they had a bad daybut 3 strikes and im out.this place is terribleit just seems like they are getting lazier and lazier from the flavorless food to the lousy service.high prices for cheap food and crappy service.
4	I love Thai food, and when I say love I mean love. This place is a little hidden gem for us in North Las Vegas. My bf and I normally get the different curries and occasionally I get Pad Thai. The Pad Thai is a little greasy for my liking but the curries are so yummy. Prices are pretty reasonable. The service is always prompt and friendly. And it's really is the only Thai place within a 15 min drive from my house which makes it all the better. It's kind of hidden so I think that might be the reason it's so quiet there. Oh yeah, and the appetizers are great too!
2	The interior is pretty extravagant, considering how cheap the dishes are. I ordered the chicken drunken noodles (pad kee mao), and did not enjoy it very much. It just tasted like a bland blend of salty sauces with a barely existent tinge of basil. The menu was very diverse with Vietnamese, Thai, Chinese foods, which probably explains why the drunken noodles did not taste Thai at all.
3	food's alright. satisfies my sushi craving when im lazy. they deliver. chinese food is bleh, okay. not awesome.
2	I ate it but it wasn't the best. Tried an eel roll as well and was slightly disappointed.
3	This place was alright. I would go again. I ate the pineapple fried rice and had some calamari. Another time I had sushi, which was sub par but not terrible.
3	I tried Thai Basil for the first time yesterday for take out. I was craving pad thai. I called and placed my order with a nice gentlemen who stated it would be 20-25 minutes. Once I arrived it took a long time before anyone greeted me. I entered and had to walk in confused where to go. Finally I walked up to the sushi bar area and revealed my name . He let me pay but didn't say how long of a wait . He spoke to the older woman there who he reminded of my order. I still went ahead and left a tip. Then I proceeded to sit and wait.It seemed like it was taking forever so I went and questioned it. She just replied we are still waiting...After closer to a 35 minute wait I received my food. They were kind about giving me a extra chili sauce.Service was one of the main reasons I'm giving 3 stars.Actual food was ok. Noodles didn't taste the best but they take the shell off of the shrimp which is a huge bonus to me. I hate having to mess with that. It could've used more seasoning as it was somewhat bland but over all it satisfied my craving and I'd try them again
5	Great service...Great Mongolian beef.
2	Portions portions portions. I left feeling a little hungry, that's strange for me and this restaurant. I've gone to this establishment many times in the past, and yesterday was the first time in years that I left disappointed. Flavors' were okay, but I've had better (from my mothers' cooking) but that wasn't the main problem. From what I can remember, the amount of food that was given to me approx. 5 years ago, was definitely worth the money. The portions now are just ridiculous, I can tell that they're trying to cut corners by not adding the lemon grass and basil to the green curry like they used to, just a whole bunch of flour to make the consistency rich. A bit sad, because I used to love this place. I am currently looking for other Thai restaurants to dine in.
5	i have been coming here for years and i love it.  the chicken and beef feel and taste like chicken and beef rather than fatty and chewy like other places.  i don't eat sushi so i can't comment but almost everything I've ordered is good.  i think the tempura is bland but I'm not a big fan anyway.  it's a little hidden behind Taco Bell but worth finding.
2	I dont write too many yelp reviews, and my goal is not to write this and make it sound too negative. My goal is to literately give the owner some business advice.So last week my sister brought home lunch from Thai Basil. I was so impressed, and did not know that it was literately a minute down the road from our house. I thought wow, why have I never heard of this place before? The food is amazing, and the price is really good. Tonight my friends and I decided to go for dinner. The place was a little awkward (ex, a sign in the ladies restroom asking to "dispose of toilet paper in the trash can" vs the toilet as if we are in Mexico & the place reaking of bad cleaning chemicals). We were all ordering and I had pointed to something on the menu asking the waiter if it was what I was describing (seeing if it were the same thing my sister had brought home last week). He said yes, that it is. I said okay, I will have that.Dishes came out one by one in 7-10 minute increments. We awkwardly sat waiting for everyone to get their food. Finally mine comes, (the photo posted seperately is what it is). Literately a dollar store bag of salad with thin chicken strips on top sprinkled with sesame seeds (mind you they wanted $7.99 for this "salad"). I do not like to make others feel bad, but my friends insisted on me saying something. They said hey, it happens they'll understand just ask to order something else, so I did.He came back, and I told him I would like to see the menu and order something else because the salad was not what I asked him for and ordered and asked to get it to go since everyone else was done eating I figured ill just eat it at home down the road no big deal.So he brings the food and the check, no apology or anything and my husband tells him we werent getting the salad. He then instead of apologizing for the inconvenience back fired on my husband with an attitude claiming I had eaten the salad when I just shuffled through it with my fork to see if there was stuff underneath. Again, I already had felt embarrassed ordering something else but he made me feel even worse. He didnt seem to understand english too well, which could of been it but still not reason to treat a customer as he did. I could understand if I were tossing out a plate of noodles & meat, but what he brought me costed them nothing as you can see if you look at the photo.He ended up taking the charge off but all my years working in customer service and food have I ever not corrected a wrong I had done nor given a customer attitude. I will not throw down names, but I highly recommend the owner to talk to the staff, rewrite the menu so it has good descriptions, as well as get rid of that god forbidden plate they call a salad. I now know why they are not a busy place, which sucks because the rest of the food is amazing. I may come in for take out here and there, but I will not be dining in nor buying salads.I give 2 stars just for the food.
4	Great food awesome service my wife and I try to eat there once a week . The spring rolls are a must have
4	I gave this place another shot. This time I got much better TAKE OUT service and when arriving my food was ready to go. I ordered a Thai Ice Tea and I love that they wait until you arrive to make unlike some places who allow it to get watered down. Only reason I am leaving off one star is the Sushi  I tried really wasn't that great but what can you expect from a Sushi/Thai Fushion? I knew it was a toss up but I still LOVE their PAD THAI and will be returning often to get my fill.
3	Decent papaya salad. Awesome after they added more herbs and spice. Perfect pad Thai. Not the best service at the bar.
1	So.. I will say that I had to call several times to get someone to answer the phone so that I can place an order for pick up... The guy who took my order was friendly and polite even read my order back to make sure it was correct... not bad.... I went 25 mins later to pick up my order and was very happily greeted and the got my order with a smile and it was nice.... Went home feeling satisfied with the service... if it was based on service alone i'd give it a 3 1/2 stars... but theres more.... I ate my food... not the best thai food I have ever eaten but it was ok... ugh I start eating more... and what do I find??? A FREAKING COCKROACH IN MY SOUP.... WTF?!?!  YUCK!!! No I didn't mistake it for some kind of herb... ITS A FREAKING ROACH! I'm sick to my stomach... I attempt to call them and guess what NO ANSWER! I'm sorry but I WILL NEVER GO BACK HERE AGAIN!!! It's obvious that their kitchen has sanitary problems... I'M DISGUSTED!!! Please be cautious on making the decision to eat here.... The service is great... but I will not order from here again.... make sure you check your food before you take a bite....
5	I've been coming to Thai Basil for years and have had nothing but excellent food.  I'm frankly surprised at some of the negative reviews that others have posted. Tasteless? Maybe if you order plain rice it would be, but everything I've ordered has been superb.  For me, the portions are adequate and filling. There's simply is no other Asian cuisine in the area that can compare. I love the Pad Thai, Singapore Noodles, Drunken Noodles, and scallops. They also serve fresh sushi if that's your thing. Staff is friendly and attentive.  Prices are moderate,  but a reasonable person would expect that from quality food. Highly recommended!
1	I've eaten at this restaurant once for to go service food was decent tried to give it another shot with a close friend because it's close to my home ..... Decided to dine in on a Saturday afternoon pretty quite once we got in service was quick but not so friendly the sushi chef didn't speak?! Got the chicken tempura lunch bento box special ate nothing but the miso soup everything was bland  sushi (spicy tuna) was slightly warm yuck I was so disgusted I paid my tab n left .. My friends first "Thai food experience"
4	The red curry with chicken is very good. I usually order my meals in advance and pick it up 20 min later. Service is not bad
5	Haven't had anything here that wasn't excellent. I've tried the beef satay, Kung Pao chicken, fried rice, and drunken noodles (which were my favorite). Very generous portions for your $. Good service.
4	My family and I have eaten here for years, as it is close to our house.  Restaurant has a nice local following, and many of their diners are Take Out diners.  Their menu is limited but the items served is hot, fresh and flavorful.  My husband loves their sushi.When you arrive, you are immediately greeted and seated.  Be sure to check the specials listed on the chalk board near the entrance.  I like the decor, and facility, dining plates, utensils and glasses are clean.Staff is efficient and accommodating.  The menu is concise but has enough available for almost anyone.  Prices are reasonable and portions are above average.  Definitely will return.
5	Love this place, I am very picky about Thai food but this place rocks and has great prices
5	I give it 5 stars because they remember me. They're friendly. They're clean. My choices are always delicious. I don't eat any meat and they have options for me! Their spice level is tolerable as I am not a spicy kind of gal ;) All in all I come here a lot and I'll keep coming back unless I move!
2	Trying Thai Basil once again, different location but experience not much different from my last. I would have to agree with the identity crisis this place seems to be experiencing. Found it to be somewhat creative to be able to mix so much in one small place. Loved the cleanness, minus the sticky table tops. Service was average. Our server was pleasant, helpful and was attentive of our needs. Food: Drunken Noodles- after realizing this place didn't have Pad See Ew, this was the next closest dish. Looked amazing at first but after first forkful, I was done! Extremely starchy, had beef and beef was chewy, almost elastic like. Lo Mein Noodles- words cannot describe how terrible this dish was! The worst dish of all dishes I tried. Also starchy, no seasoning whatsoever, we added shrimp and got 4 pieces of shrimp total and those were also bland! Panda Express serves better than this!Pad Thai- noodles were overlooked to an extreme. Also added shrimp, and shrimp in this dish actually tasted a lot better. Surely not good pad thai.Chicken Teriyaki-saved the best for last! One dish was enjoyed by the entire table and this was the Chicken Teriyaki. Chicken was flavorful, nicely grilled and simply amazing! No complaints on this. Love Thai food and this joint was extremely mediocre in my opinion. Their prices are very reasonable and portions are huge but was not a fan. Scratching off my list and will not be back.
3	I really like that this place is close to home and their service is awesome. I just wish their pho wasn't so bland. Their bento box is pretty good though. I was originally brought in because they sell sushi& pho all in one place. It has a quiet relaxed atmosphere nothing too fancy.
2	The best Thai we've eaten lately...is not here. Sushi was ok. We stopped here during happy hour so at least the price was decent. On the other hand, we overpaid for everything else so I guess it evened out in the end. The green papaya Salad was so excruciatingly hot it practically ruined our pallettes. The thai beef salad, which was 9 bucks, was the size of a side salad. It was dressed in that really sweet vinegar/sugar dressing and the beef was like leather. Overall, not a good experience.  For Thai from now on we'll just drive to Pam Real Thai on Decatur. The food there is absolutely incredible!
3	Not bad at all. Pleasantly surprised actually. Decided to finally try this place out because my friend and I were craving Asian/sushi but didn't feel like paying $25-30 for AYCE. The saying "do not judge a book by it's cover" fits perfectly for Thai Basil. By the looks of the outside, I was really surprised when I walked in and saw that the interior designing wasn't too shabby! To my surprise, it didn't look like an old, run down crappy "Asian" restaurant at all lol.Our server was probably the friendliest, most polite server I've ever had in my entire life. He made our first time there enjoyable and was actually kind enough to give us some green tea mochi ice creams on the house :) Plus he never let our water glasses go empty, which is an immediate good tip in my book lol.We decided to order on the safe side and go with bento boxes. All bento boxes come with a miso soup, a choice of meat, rice, vegetable/2 shrimp tempura, edamame, and 4 pieces of either California rolls or spicy tuna rolls. All for the very reasonable price of $10.99. I ordered the chicken teriyaki bento with spicy tuna rolls. My friend and I also split the Two Roll Special, which consists of your choice of 2 rolls from their Sumaki Sushi menu. We went with Hamachi and Spicy Salmon (8 pieces each) for $10.99. (Ordering the rolls separately would have been $7.99 each).Honestly, for the prices, I can't complain about anything I ordered. The bento box was delicious but nothing with a wow factor. And same with the sushi. Everything came out in a timely manner and the portions were perfect.We ended our dinner with strawberry mochi ice cream but our server ended up giving us every flavor! I'll definitely be back to Thai Basil. My friend and I have decided that this is our go-to place whenever we're craving Asian/sushi but don't feel like paying for AYCE. :) I would recommend this place, but don't go in there expecting fine dining our Asian gourmet! Go if you wanna fill your belly and keep your wallet full too lol.
5	Employees are great and the food is wonderful I love their sesame chicken!They also deliver!
1	Not what I expected. I have been looking for a Chinese restaurant close to my house for a few weeks and I had real high hopes for this one. The staff is nice and the restaurant is clean, but the food was terrible:Pork fried rice: Should re-name it saturated oil rice w/ pork.Chicken Lo Mein: Not too bad, but no flavor.Pepper Beef (Spicy): How do you cook a beef dish and make it taste like 3 day old dead fish? BLEH...Sweet and Sour Chicken: My wife said it was ok, but not great.Sticky Rice: Nailed it! Unfortunately, this was a to-go order so I just trashed most of my $36.27 dinner and am ordering a pizza instead.
4	I tried the food for the first time! Like their choices of Asian food, a little bit of everything, mild to spicy! Really enjoyed the variety! Will certainly recommend them, plus the service was awesome.
2	Thai Basil is just okay. I've eaten here more than twice and each time hoping the experience to be better, but my feeling has consistently been... "it's alright".The Pad Thai and Panang Curry seem to always miss the mark. Under flavored, not quite cooked correctly ... I just think there are better places for Thai that suit my palate.I would consider this a "push come to shove" option for Thai.
5	Food is always top notch. The mango roll has to be the best roll I've tried...  I visit very often.
5	The happy hour is very satisfying and service was great. The only upsetting part is every chair seemed to have armrests except for mine.
5	One of my favorite places to eat with so many great items to chose from. The mongolian beef is one of the best tasting dishes and the heat is just right. I love their thai spring rolls dipped in a warm peanut sauce. Also the sushi was pretty darn good. I really love this place and the staff was friendly and great customer service. If you want a good variety of asian food then you will definitely like Thai Basil. This is one of the best restaurants in North Las Vegas and you will be impressed with their food that will keep you coming back for more.
5	so good, good thing I didn't listen to the nay sayers on these reviews here. Delicious food, great service and food came out fast. Bomb!! Food!!!
5	A hidden gem in North Vegas.  We're especially fond of the sushi happy hour from 3-6 pm.  The freshest ingredients beautifully made, and the front side of the sushi menu is half price.Many Vegas residents consider Archi's the go-to Pad Thai in town.  Thai Basil's is less sweet and more balanced in flavor.  I'll take it over Archi's hands down.And Thai Basil does one free refill on their Thai tea.  I don't know any restaurant in Vegas that offers that.  Amazing.Seriously, eat here.
5	Loved this place.  Visited here with my familyOrdered the Satay Chicken, Calamari, Thai Basil Chicken, Thai Iced Tea, Teriyaki Chicken for the kids, Curry for the husband.  Everything was delicious and the service was great.  Will definitely come back.
