5	Great smoothies at the juice bar. They also have some amazing prepared foods behind the counter. I was there this past weekend when spicey shrimp samples were out- first, they weren't skimpy on the samples- a whole shrimp in each cup! And it was delicious. There is indoor and outdoor seating available. My friend and I sat outdoors and it was lovely to people watch. I don' t remember any car traffic sounds at all since it's tucked in just a bit from the road and away from the (free) parking garage.Monday-Saturday 8am-10pm Sunday 9am-9pm
3	Nice selection or organic and unusual foods.  The aisles leave me feeling just a bit claustrophobic.  You can find an occasional bargain, but I find most items just a bit higher priced than elsewhere.  Visit the cheese area, and say hello to Katharine.  That will make the whole visit worthwhile!
3	There is a sweet selection of organic food here, but I think that is entirely overpriced.  Why do we not have more co-ops in Charlotte for people that want to eat healthy vegetarian meals, it is beyond me.  The employees here are all pretty friendly and willing to assist you with finding the best products.  I came here with a recipe and one of the employees actually saw me walking around with it and refered me to some ingredients.  I really like this place, it is just a shame that it is so catered people with more cash than me.  Ha.  Oh yeah great goat cheese too!
3	I love Earth Fare, but I agree it's overpriced. Since I've been on the Absolute Organics train, I haven't been back to Earth Fare. It's just too expensive...They do have some interesting ingredients that it's hard to find elsewhere in Charlotte grocery stores. I'm going to join Garrett G. in his lament over Charlotte's lack of co-ops and natural stores. It's Earth Fare or the Home Economist, and then there are little options like the Common Market or the Absolute Organics delivery...but really, it's hard to find healthy, and especially organic, alternatives around these parts. Soulless city!
4	I go to EarthFare because they have the best selection of gluten-free products in town, the best selection of cheese, and sometimes it is nice to get some of their little goodies.  But walking in the door about guarantees that you're going to blow $100, I swear.As to why this town has no co-ops:  I used to run one of those things and it is a thankless job.  What you'd need to get it started:  a cheap storefront, some used freezers and fridges, and (herein lies the rub) a team of dedicated volunteer organizers who are willing to give up all their free time.  Also, changes in federal regulations in the last few years mucked up the system of food distributors that distribute to co-ops and made food co-ops as a whole less viable.  I do not know the full story on this but it happened during the last few years and my friends who still run the co-op (back in the Midwest where such things are common) are very sad about it.
5	I love this store! I've been changing my lifestyle to be more align with organic, local, healthy...and this is the store to support me! They take the work out of reading labels; they only stock natural and organic. They take recycling seriously! If you order from their grill, get sushi, or order a drink, you can recycle your waste. Fantastic!They offer an enormous cheese selection, a well-stocked wine area, and a fun variety of beers. They also have grass-fed beef. The produce selection is bright, fresh, and welcoming! Another pleasant aspect is that they offer free events (i.e., how to cook tofu). If you bring your own bag, they will donate $.05 to a charity of the month. They are no longer open until 10...they close at 9pm. Bummer for us late-nighters.Yes, it is expensive. Splurge and shop at Earth Fare if and when you can! It takes the pain out of paying more to know that your dollars support healthy living.
4	I love the selection of organic groceries and the freshness of the produce, cheese and meats. It is also a great place to pick up some ready made sandwiches and soups. I just wish they would build a store closer to Salisbury.
5	Organic food... Cheese... Black Rice by by weight (very nice!)... Vitamins... But this store should not dye organic meat to make it look better. I grow up in Siberian village, and I know that the natural colour of raw beef is a brown-grey color (iron oxidation!), not bright red! Too bad!
4	YUM.  I went to Earthfare in South Park because I wanted to grab something quick to eat, the only reason I went there because I was meeting a friend at the bookstore.  I walked up to the counter and it is like a short order restaurant, chicken sandwich, burgers, pulled pork sandwich and a weekly special board.  I ordered a burger and fries and sweet tea.  My total came to $9.55.  The burger was small, I am guessing maybe 6 oz on a small bun, but the meat was top quality, the french fries were piping hot too.  Two points for the bonus round!  The tea was really good too.  I could easily see me going there for sweet tea.  Who would have thunk it?
4	Yay, I am still a fan!!!  I went to Earthfare again because one of my friends told me you can pay a dollar extra and get a buffalo burger. YUM.  I had sweet potato fries too, they tasted like they were freshly cut and fried.   Sweet potatoes are your friend.
4	A place where anyone who  loves food would feel at home. This shop could seem rather "earthy" in a lot of ways, however, it is actually quite cosmopolitan... the concept is more one of organic preference and purity..  it is a great place to shop for cheeses, wine, baked goods.. special diets like Gluten Free or Low Carb..  and the house made soups are great. I love when I could grab some soup and bread for lunch there. A fast and yet healthy treat.
3	Remember when grocery stores were all chrome, stark lighting, and linoleum? I kind of miss those days, and am reminded why when walking into Disneyland for Epicurean Adults. Too much kitchy marketing, and the pricing on a lot of things is OBSCENE, but this is the best cheese counter in Charlotte, hands down. I met the guy in charge, once, and he was so much fun to talk to. It is obviously through his efforts that we finally get to purchase local cheese at this EarthFare. Check both the fridge case just past the counter and the cheeses on display just below - they'll have signs around pointing you to the correct products.It's also pretty neat that EF accepts EBT cards, which not all Whole Foods do (FYI). Healthy food for the people! Except, at prices like these, those benefits aren't going to stretch very far. Which is why sometimes you see people putting stuff from the salad bar on their cards - at 8 a pound, it's still pricey for dinner, but at least it's already prepared, and healthy. We hit "the bar" once in a while and they always have something interesting involving seitan, plus the blue cheese dressing they stock is delicate and tasty. There's also always a vegan soup and a veg/vegan hot food selection.If we're going to have one of these joints in town, I'm happy that its (Asheville-based) EarthFare rather than the alternatives. Just wish they were more accessible to peeps from all financial walks of life.
5	I hate the fake pre-fab community village Earth Far is in but it's the only grocer in Charlotte that carries several different soy products I like including Amy's frozen pizza and dinners, Whole Soy & Co yogurt, etc.  Thanks for keeping me stocked up with my favorites even though you're a pain in the neck to find and parking sucks!
5	It is the best grocery store in Charlotte. And the fact that there's a cafe is a fantastic bonus. Sign up for their email list - they send out an email with a great freebie every week. Park in the garage and walk right to the front door. It's annoying to find the first time, but follow the signs and once you realize where it is, you'll always park there.
4	Great salad bar / hot bar options.  There were a lot of interesting dishes and most all of them were enjoyable.  I will go back for sure.
4	Went here for lunch the other day and grabbed took advantage of the salad bar. A lot of selections/choices and I took advantage of most of it. Wish I would have known/realized the bar was $7.99/pound before I spent $11 on salad...ha! It's a little steep, but again, the options were great! Prior to getting lunch I took a walk around the entire place to get my bearings...a lot of great options. Like Julia said...one of the best cheese selections around. Very surprised at the wine & beer selection too. The seafood & meat area rivals Fresh Market's as well.After a few hours at Barnes & Noble I took Faith D's advice and went back after 3pm for my $5 savings (spend $20+) and got some groceries. All and all a great, specialty store, though expect to pay a little more.
5	Hear Ye, Hear Ye... you Health fanatics!  I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!  From the grill to the deli, Earth Fare is good for the belly!  For those who aren't aware they offer groceries that aren't processed and full of sugars that your body can't process efficiently!  The staff is always friendly and a few of them are good at recognizing the regulars!  For the vegan folks, check out the take and bake vegan cookies!  Can I say YUM online??? If I may add the mock chicken salad is more than appetizing and the vegan dumplings are fantastical!  Check it out!  Only downfall is that this isn't the place for those on a tight budget, for example.. the mock chicken salad is about 7.99 dollars for a pound.
4	This place makes me happy. I came here in hopes of finding the solution to vegan woes. They almost fit the bill.Earth Fare has the same amount of freshly prepared food as a Whole Foods but lacks the variety in every other grocery section. I picked up some decent barbeque tempeh and they also stock four different kinds of kombucha (which I'm a huge sucker for).There's a decent bulk section but they're missing a lot of key items (like a good variety of dried fruit).Pricing for many items are a bit steeper than what I'm use to seeing but supply and demand are probably the culprits.I'd recommend here for snagging some to-go dinner options if you want to be healthy and switch it up from the normal take-out.
4	When I want a vegetable-based lunch (or the best faux curried chicken salad in town), it's an easy (if a bit pricey) choice to hit up the deli counter at Earth Fare.  For $7.99 you get a main dish and two sides.  With multiple different options for quinoa, couscous and veggie salads, I'm a happy camper.  The servers will let you sample anything and I've found the taste and quality to be superb.  I also love the large selection of bottled teas available at the open-faced coolers.I think they also have the best soups in Charlotte.  There are usually four selections set up for tasting, and I have yet to be disappointed.  On cold nights, the wife and I can pick up a quart and call it a satisfying dinner.  Thai Chicken is my favorite.This is also, easily, the best place to buy artisan cheese in all of Charlotte, especially since the infestation of Boar's Head deli products into our local grocery scene.  The cheese selections are laid out from extra creamy to hard and dry.  They make a point to carry a number of different producers, both local and international.  Fancy cheese may not be cheap here, but they make up for it with some quality selections.  I have found the workers at this counter to be experts at making recommendations too.Definitely pull out your gold card if you do a little more shopping here, but you just can't argue with the quality.
4	My review is mainly for Earthfare's lunch and dinner fare! While I'm aware they have a whole lovely store filled with pricier organic eats and stellar cheese, I spend my time in the cafe area. Whether you love the hot bar, the cold salad bar/noodle bar, paninis, pizza or prepared grill eats - there's probably something for everyone. One of my favorite lunch deals (I learned from Ms. Faith D) is the $5 soup, half wrap and chip deal. Deeeeeelish. If you're feelin' the Italian, you can also score a piece of 'za in place of the half wrap to round out that $5 lunch special, too. The staff here are always really friendly and helpful, which makes for a very pleasant lunch experience. Don't forget to sign up for Earthfare's deals online - they often send out specials, coupons and whatnot that can really add up over time. Oh, and if you ever see the oriental noodles in the cold bar, please leave them for me - they're my fave.
4	I used to deny my love for Earth Fare saying it wasn't as good as Whole Foods but thanks to this location, I'm starting to come around. I usually hate going anywhere in the South Park area on the weekend due to the traffic and amount of people so any time I do go to that area, it's on a week night. I went here the other night since I signed up for their email club and were offering a free dinner set (whole chicken, baby carrots and mashed potatoes) with a $10 purchase. Earth Fare tends to run on the more expensive side of stores which is a good thing since it wouldn't take a lot to hit the $10 mark. I went to their deli section and picked up some vegan nuggets (hands down the best I've ever had with a true chicken like consistency), cole slaw. The guy at the deli was very friendly and helpful and I wanted to try a sample of every single thing there but didn't want the mob of people waiting behind me to get pissed. I'll be heading back to EF for the deli section alone seeing they have a varied selection of items like pork, chicken, soy items along with traditional and non traditional side items. I hit up the clearance table in the frozen foods section and got some granola bars and hot tea to bring me to just over $11. They also have a cute indoor seating area where you can take your sushi, salad, hot item bar, coffee etc and sit down and enjoy or you can take and enjoy in the comfort of your own home. I told the cashier how excited I was about the free dinner offer and he told me that they often run specials like that so be sure to check my email. I will definitely be doing that--why yearn for a Whole Foods when I have Earth Fare??
4	In the sorely missed absence of a Whole Foods in the Charlotte area, Earth Fare does a fair job of filling the gap. Here it is, all broken down.Pro:It has about 75% of the things you'd expect to find at Whole Foods... but Con:Of course, not 365 Brand (Whole Foods' store brand)Pro:Large selection of cheeses, crackers, beers, wines, a pretty large bulk selection, and lots of frozen foods. Also, pre packed low-priced spices can be found, such as cardamom, madras curry, amongst other harder to find spices and even pink, red, and I think I saw black salt there once. Con:Their cheeses are vastly overpriced. For example at WFM Durham, Cotswold cheese is $7.99/lb. At Earth Fare SP, it is $15.99. This is pretty much an across-the-board problem with their pricing. All their products are just a touch overpriced, storewide. Kind Bars from the Nutrition department run $1.99 whereas WFM charges $1.49 -- but Harris Teeter also charges $1.99.Pro:Hot soups, hot bar, salad bar, and lots of prepackaged cooked food choices.Con:Overpriced, sometimes stale prepacked food, small hot bar.Pro:Love the bakery. Love their bread selection.Con:Actually, the bakery is spot on. No con here. Pro: EXCELLENT customer service. They are usually fully staffed in each of their departments EXCEPT their actual customer service station on the front end of the store. That's the only place their service is lacking. Everyone who IS present is kind, friendly, and helpful, and make me feel welcome and never like I'm bothering them to do their job. That's how it should be everywhere. Oh, they are also knowledgable and know where stuff can be found if you can't find something.
4	I've recently started stopping by here for lunch because it's just so cheap and easy. I haven't done much shopping here so I don't know how expensive most of the stuff is, but I can get a pizza/wrap, chips, and a cup of soup for $5.41 including tax! If that's not a good deal I don't know what is.I did see a nice variety packed into the store even if it is a little small. I usually shop at the Harris Teeter across the street because it has a big selection and sometimes has good deals, but I'll have to check out some of the stuff here.
4	Earthfare, how I love thee. Earthfare, how I loathe thee. Now I'm confused. I started going here despite the loooong drive from Uptown while I was doing an organic cleanse. It is still the best organic produce selection in town, including the farmers market. They have all different types of produce and hard to find products. Their in store brand of sauces, etc is actually really delicious. Their bulk products section has actually gotten worse, so so I tend to go to Healthy Home Market for that stuff but their nuts are delicious. Yep, I said it.  They also have organic PB & Almond butter you can grind yourself. #winningTheir fish selection and freshness is really the best in town also, though I have to say I am disappointed with the quality of their meat. I only buy grassfed beef and I frankly don't like the taste/tenderness of Earthfare's meat and prefer getting it from a couple local farms nearby. Did I mention the fish rocks though?They also have a million granola-y food and personal care products and gross sprouty bread things, but also offer really good specialty products you can't find anywhere else. Their Julian's waffles? Heavenly.  Italian grated cheese blend? Delicioso! Perfect for my chicken sausage penne bake.But many really only come in for their grill/juicebar/deli/prepared food section which is quite impressive. You can get a grilled salmon sandwich (or sans bun) for something like $7.99 with sweet potato fries. Top that deal! Sometimes they also have cheapo tuesdays where you can get Prime Rib, veggies and horseradish mashed potatoes for $8.99 for dinner! (Skip the apple pie though- surprisingly it's not worth the extra 50 cents).  Delicious smoothies, cookies and salad bar. They also have a ton of soups. Here's the rub- Unless I'm just in for lunch at the grill, I can't seem to spend less than $200. It just not cheap to eat well, hence the obesity epidemic.  I wish there was  tax on bad for you foods because it causes increase health costs. OK let's kick out the soapbox from under me. Anyway, it's not as cheap as I would hope and they don't have rewards.  So bottom line... I don't go as regularly as I would like.  I'd give it 3.5 stars.
4	I kept forgetting to write a review for my fav grocery store simply because I can not afford to shop here regularly! Damn is it expensive to eat right.Organic fruit/veggie heaven. Grass fed beef, organic chickens. Homestead creamery milk in glass bottles (my personal fav).I love everything about this place, except the prices. But hey ya wanna eat well I guess you have to pay for it.
4	I've always lived somewhere with a Whole Foods.  (Heck, even KANSAS has a Whole Foods, and Charlotte is FINALLY getting one in summer 2012?) Yes, Whole Foods is Whole Paycheck, but it's fantastic on all levels.  Earth Fare comes close...and you'll only need partial paycheck, but it's not quite at 5-star status.  Let me ee-lab-oh-rate. The salad bar has some great options-- fruits and proteins and several kinds of lettuce. WF features way more dressings and crunchies like chia seeds and flax seeds to sprinkle on your greens. TIP #1: Sign up for their e-newsletter. You'll get AWESOME deals, like $1 a pound chicken breast, or free Irish cheese with any $5 purchase. The hot bar at EF is good-- and there are some fun specials, like old fashioned dinner nites when apple pie and sodas for 50-cents.  Nice touch.  The dinners are always flavorful, and offer several different meats or proteins, along with sides. WF has a killer OATMEAL bar too, with steel cut oats, quinoa, and barley and fresh fruits and toppings.  DROOOOL! TIP #2: WATCH OUT FOR THURSDAY NIGHTS WHEN KIDS EAT FREE!  There will be a MOB of children in the prepared foods/burger counter. No matter how many kids you have, as long as the adult buys a burger meal, the kids get free ones.  I ran into one woman with SEVEN children, and all of them ate free. I swear, it took me 35 minutes to get my burger because of all the children. (*subtip: the sweet potato fries are sometimes soggy as gym socks.) Hey, if I had kids, I would DEFINITELY bring them here to eat free on Thursdays! Soups station is okay...though not all soups here are created equal.  The chicken dumpling always hits the spot, creamy and rich and full of dumplings.  The curry soups lack seasoning and depth. The vegetable soups can be thin. The produce section is okay-- though sometimes you can tell when the prices get slashed, the produce isn't as fresh. Just keep your eyes peeled. Nutrition bars aisle, is comprehensive and lots of the bars go on sale regularly. The seafood and meats counter are good-- but really do lack some selection WF is famous for. I love how WF has a variety of fat percentages in their ground meats...and several different kinds of salmons.  I downright dislike the bakery section.  I've bought several cake slices on different occasions and they're not always the freshest.  A bit crumbly, or the frosting waxy.  TIP #3: When you buy 12 of something, you can usually get a case discount.  WF does this, and I would buy coconut waters or matcha green teas by the case.  At Earth Fare, you need to call ahead and ask for it.   I learned this the hard way when I tried to buy 12 yerba mate teas and got denied my discount. BOTTOM LINE: I do love me some Earth Fare.  The people are always nice, and the service is good. There are some killer deals to find. There are good coupon books in the front too.  The selection is solid ...but  they better watch out, because in my book, Whole Foods is just a tad bit better.
4	I actually was one of the first employees hired at this store when they opened in the summer of 2007.  I was working part time but had to quit as my now wife was having some health issues (long since resolved thankfully).  Asheville-based Earth Fare is definitely a great place for the eco-minded and/or health conscious consumer.  Note that it is not an organic store as they sell thousands of items that are not organic.  It is however, a natural foods store.  You may find minimally processed cane sugar on the shelves and in some of the products, but you will not find thinks like high fructose corn syrup or artificial preservatives.  Due to the nature of the store, items can be expensive; however they have some pretty good special offers.  With organic and natural products becoming more mainstream, it's easier to find coupons for these items now.  I suggest grabbing one of the coupon books they always have at the front of the store before shopping, as well as signing up for their email list.  They also have some coupons in this year in the Charlotte Citipass book which is a nice bonus.  You can also find some good closeout buys.The salad bar and other meals are halfway decent.  I ate enough of them on my breaks since they were half off while working.  I would however, stay away from the bulk foods.  I will never purchase any bulk foods from anywhere after some of the things I saw here (like little kids or even adults sneezing in their hands then grabbing food out of the dispensers and eating it - gross).  The parking here is also a bit of a pain.  We had to park two floors below in the parking deck due to it.  If you don't want to park in the deck, there is a small lot at the end of the building.  One other cool thing about working here was that with this being South Park, I often saw local celebrities, including many Panthers and Bobcats.
3	Earth Fare I a great specialty grocery store, unfortunately, it also proves that on a lot of things specialty groceries are prohibitively expensive. They do have a fantastic array of organic and exotic options and if you are committed to healthy-ing up your diet it is a great store. They have a huge bulk grain section. Me though, I go there for the grated cheese, which may sound dumb but for about five bucks I can get a sizable tub of grated parm that tastes like salty perfection instead of shards of plastic (I'm looking at you Kraft). Bonus points for constantly sampling fish and cheese.But just so you know, the place is a signal vortex so don't go in if you are expecting any urgent calls (and check in on your Yelp! app before you park).
4	Earth Fare South provides a great place to get a good salad or other items for lunch or dinner.  The location is near one of my favorite Saturday "tasting" spots.  The staff is always very friendly and offers great services.  My most recent visit was for one of my favorite dishes...Quinoa with apples and walnuts.  It is very tasty.  Also the quinoa served with onions and peppers is good too.  A small dish along with a bottle of pomegranate seltzer is great before an afternoon at the "tasting"!
5	I've frequented the Earth Fare in Ballantyne many a moon but alas the time came for me to step it up a notch and visit the one in Southpark. If you seek anything in the Wellness dept (supplements, bath/body products etc), my friends, you won't be disappointed here. I went there on a mission to secure this snazzy Vegan Protein powder that I've been jonesin' for recently. The ladies in the Wellness dept were superb! One ladies name was Erin and I cannot recall the other lady's name but I know she had reddish hair. I had called up there prior to my trip and the woman with red hair kindly offered to put my desired product aside, answer any questions I had and was generally lovely on the phone.They were both friendly, upbeat, honest, and took the time to review the product my heart yearned for. Not to sound super cheesy, but I actually felt good walking out of the store...not just for purchasing a healthy, cruelty free product, but more for the heartfelt and genuine customer service that the 2 women provided. Customer service can be extremely challenging and Earth Fare is lucky to have these 2 staff members!
5	Okay.. alot of people think it pricy, BUT it is totally worth it!! They have awesome organic foods and desserts ( Chocolate Croissant, is to die for!! yummy!!) and to top it off, while your eating, you don't have any regrets or worry about being unhealthy! Seriously, I go here every morning after working out at the Harris YMCA, getting a cup of FRESH grape juice and a Chocolate Croissant. Best Grocery store EVER!! * Also they have Goat milk ( and other goat dairy products) too, which  are awesome because their are so hard to find in the US.
4	One stop shopping is found at Earth Fare!  Easy to make and take salads as well as hot meals. The soups are very tasty too. A couple of things they might want to work on prior to Whole Foods Market arrival would be a more varied produce dept. also more organic chicken products. Lastly, the prices here are pretty fair when compared to the overpriced Fresh Market.
4	Am I at Whole Foods?I have been going to the Barnes and Noble near this place forever and wasn't really sure what this place was about so never stopped in.Well, I regret not stopping in earlier now. I highly recommend it. It's nice to come home with some Kale and other vegan treats! I will be coming here more often now.
5	Yes, it is more expensive than most generic grocery stores around but you get what you pay for.... they have the largest selection of organic fruits and veggies as well as health food products galore. As a vegan this place is my paradise! They have everything my little vegan heart could desire.If you are trying to be frugal they have coupon books at the entrance and if you go to their website and sign-up for their mailing list they send you a coupon for something free once a week.  I have gotten free veggie burgers, seltzer water, and organic chicken breast (for my carnivorous partner in crime, of course) And honestly it boils down to priorities... I would rather spend my hard earned dough on good food that will fuel my mind, body, and soul than drop a wad on an outfit or purse.Also, their customer service is great.  Everyone I have encountered here is super friendly and helpful.  True story:  I went grocery shopping yesterday with all the coupons I was going to use, got to the  register with my items, coupons, and reusable bags of course.  The cashier and bagger were so friendly that we got to talking and I completely forgot to give her my coupons.  Realized it as soon as I got home, called the store and explained the whole ridiculous story to the manager who told me to just bring the coupons and receipt back and he will adjust it for me.  Now that's what I call exceptional customer service!
4	I love going to EF. I buy most of my nutritional supplies here and love how knowledgable the staff is in most of the departments... its pricey but it's fun to shop from the selection..
5	I looove Earth Fare! Why? It's because they sell outstanding organic and low calorie/fat food items. Definitely as good as Whole Foods Market. This place also has a great hot food and salad bar section. Worth the trip indeed.
3	This place gets ton of fan fare for the lunch and dinner hot bar! I came here in hopes of loading up on some bulk items for the pantry, but I was unable to walk out with a number of items. The bulk section at Healthy Home Market dominates this place. The high points for me at EF are the fromagerie and the beer cooler! The selection of cheese (from all over the world) here parallels D&D down the street. I enjoy the availability of the pre-packaged bulk spice too, for around 2 bux a pop. I'm coming back to Earth Fare for those hard to find items only.
4	When I lived in Cincy we had this AMAZING store called Jungle Jims, and they seriously had food from all corners of the world, healthy and non healthy, cheese o rama and enough different types of alcohol to start a new planet. I was really bummed to leave such an amazing store behind with all it's whimsical oddities and amazingness combined, so I was very surprised to find a portion of that kind of awesomeness at Earth Fare. Yes, it's so cool I used a pretty snazzy run on sentence to enhance the feel of it. When I walked in, I had a small flash of Jungle Jim's and my heart just started a pitter pattering as I took it all in. Superfood Salads, organics galore, drinks and alcohol from all over the place and almost all of it healthy!!! Holy crap. I'm walking through enjoying myself thinking how amazing the selection is, and I see the CHEESE section... now I'm really feeling at home... As I round the bend there is a small restaurant and salad bar. Are you serious?? I could get some of this tasty healthy goodness RIGHT NOW???? Both times I've ran in I had already eaten, so I wasn't hungry, but you can bet I almost got a box of that food to start cramming in my face in the checkout line. Ok, so I'm learning restraint and will power too... But they have energy drinks which really surprised me. Im an energy drink fiend so I had to give them a try. They weren't the best tasting, but then again neither were the Rockstars when I first had them. The only reason there isn't a 5 star rating here is because the prices are a little high for my normal standards. I'd definitely come here to spoil myself, but it's not my every day kinda grocery place. I just need to win the lottery so I can eat food from there every day, that's all.
3	The selection at Earth Fare is excellent, whether you are looking for great meat, wine, beer, homeopathic medicines, etc. They only get three stars because of the following, high prices and, they got rid of their great sandwiches.My favorite meal at Earth Fare was their Ham & Cheese, they served this panini with a mango chutney that set it off combined with black forest ham, brie, mozz, and cheddar... mmmm. Literally one of the two sandwiches I regularly crave (the other is the #13 classic Italian at Jersey Mikes).  So you can imagine my disappointment when on Sunday (7/15/12) my wife and I decided we would eat a Ham & Cheese for lunch and then do our weekly grocery shopping, only to find out they had replaced their signature sandwiches with YET ANOTHER deli-style option in South Park, yay.I can go to any number of places to get a deli style sandwich, in fact, the Harris Teeter on Morrison has a great Deli (all Boars Head meats), not to mention it's about half the price of what Earth Fare is toting. Or, if I'm feeling exceptionally lazy, I can call Jimmy Johns, and get one delivered lickity-split.  Or I could go over to RB&R and get a phenomenal sandwich, or head over to WhichWich and get a custom made hoagie, or Jason's Deli, or Quiznos, or (yumm) Penn Station... Get the point...So instead we left, feeling dejected, went to McDonalds (that's right) got us a fish-sammich and headed over to HT to do our grocery shopping instead.  I understand that businesses must be adaptive and ready to change in order to survive but they had a uniqueness to their selection that they have now eliminated only to become yet another option in a saturated market.  I hope Earth Fare goes back to their more creative roots, otherwise they surely will not survive in a neighborhood that is about to host a Whole Foods, already has the greatest Harris Teeter in the world, and has a Trader Joe's just up the road as well.
5	I don't know what I love more about EF, the fresh produce, supplements, the best body butters, deli, samples...everything!  The service is always superb and the location is the perfect stop after a day of shopping at South Park.  I think the sesame kale is some of the best salad ever........the soups, chicken salad, and tuna salad...everything I've had in the deli has been super fresh and delish.  Definitely one of my favorite places.......
1	What happened to my Earth Fare?!?!  This place use to be the high point of my day!  I would venture here most mornings on my way into work and most afternoons for lunch while working in South Park for over 2 years.  Once I relocated back Uptown my visits dwindled to about twice a month.  Boy was I in for a rude awakening when I went in a month ago to see all of the changes (for the worse) that they have made. The breakfast bar which had Turkey bacon and cheese eggs YUM, they have downsized their offerings  to just basics.  The grill is no longer, and the DELI!.... well now, they have decided on the most unappealing white platters to contain the food and I would say I am no longer fascinated with the deli.  It just doesn't seem inviting and the food looks like it just sits there. some items look dry and as if it sat out overnight.  Its just not the presentation I had grown to love.  The baked goods have all decreased in size and increased in price. Let's just say, I can't wait to spend my money in Whole Foods because this chain will not last long, it can't, it no longer has anything exquisite to offer.
5	I had to write a review of my beloved Earth Fare, especially no that there is so much competition in the area, and this store really needs some props.  Recently renovated, this Earth Fare has added a great new, fresh bread counter, and the best charcuterie section I have seen in the city.  Some of my faves that you should definitely try: Soups - Thai Chicken, Butternut squash and apple, cchicken and dumplings - to die for.  I tried similar soups at the "other" store - Earth Fare's smell so much fresher (the others had this weird fake-smokey smell) and are much more pure tasting. Mock chicken salad - I'm not opposed to regular chicken, but I LOVE their mock chicken everything - buffalo wing "nuggets," and their mock chicken salad is faboosh!Fish - they have some of the most beautiful and fresh fish.  Often, they have several types of salmon, and they are beautiful!Charcuterie - they have a hand cranked, Italian slicer that gives you paper thin slices of the most beautiful salamis, prosciutto - perfect with a glass of wine, a baguette and a hunk of delicious cheese. I agree with the others, definitely sign up for their online and phone specials.  I recently got lobster tails - 2 for $8.  You can't beat that!!
5	I come to Earth Fare in South Park about once a week or so. They have a great grocery selection and their hot bar/salad bar is terrific. Also, if you sign up for text messages and e-mail, they frequently offer outstanding deals on grocery items, produce, and meats. It's a pretty nice place - definitely check it out if you've not been before!
5	I love Earth Fare! Everyone who works here is so laid back and knowledgeable. Selection is great try the Kettlecorn cookies and rotisserie chicken salad! Fantastic!!! The juice and smoothie bar is so convenient and the prices are reasonable. Everyone is so friendly!
3	When I first moved to Charlotte 2 years ago, I was head over heals in love with Earth Fare.  They had a excellent salad/hot bar with tons of variety, lots of freshly prepared panini sandwiches, and many veggie pizzas.  Over time, however, they seem to be gradually on the decline.  When their salad bar prices dropped (much appreciated!), so did the quality and selection.  Essentially the cold bar is only greens, veggies, and beans.  No longer do you regularly find the mixed prepared salads or grains that were my favorites.  The hot bar often looks quite pathetic, as the food has been sitting for hours and is dried out.  If you arrive just as they are putting it out, it is quite good, but it becomes totally unappealing otherwise and they are bad about having nearly empty trays.All of that being said, I still appreciate their weekly email and text coupons that frequently involve a free product with $5 or $10 purchase.  The store brand items are generally well priced and I find myself always keeping stock of their cereals, eggs, and condiments.  The bulk bins are good for buying flours, oatmeal, trail mix (when it's on sale), and nutritional yeast.I hope Earth Fare makes a turnaround and focuses on returning to the higher quality that they had before.  As for right now, if I'm in need of a big salad bowl, I'll be turning to Whole Foods, or sadly Harris Teeter, both of which have a better selection.
3	I need 3.5 stars here.  I love the email coupons they have every week!  We've gotten some of the freshest, tastiest food this way, at a great deal.  The hot bar is hit or miss, though, depending the time of day.  The soups are delicious!  It's just that so many products are so pricey, I usually leave with the minimum needed for the specials and that's about it.  I wish I could buy more, especially from their health and beauty section.
4	Before a Whole Foods made it to Charlotte, I have been frequenting this earthfare location for quite a while. I mainly come here to get my fresh produce, they have excellent greens for making crunchy delish salads! I also love getting veggie chips here, I mean seriously at least I feel like veggie chips are slightly healthier when I am eating them even if it's purely psychological. What is great though is they have soo many variety. I'd say earthfare is excellent before the whole whole foods hype rolled in. I wonder if they have lost some of their-customer base since the whole foods on fairview opened.  Anyway, my point is earthfare will always be near and near my heart. It is a local organic goods store and I think organic goods doesn't get any better than local. Earthfare also gives back to the community, they have various charity and nonprofit projects. I think a while back they had a kids in low-income family eat free day, going with the whole concept that no kids should go starving. It is good to know that you are shopping for a store with a great philosophy.The cafe section is amazing, literally I have not had a bad thing there so you can't go wrong.I also love that they have so many samples here, I love trying out soups, cheese, fresh cut meats. If they only get some outlets at the dining section I'd say there for half a day to read and enjoy the deli goods...But maybe that's their point, they don't want people like me going there to study haha.
5	Greatest store ever... Everyone there is super friendly and knowledgable, you can't beat the price of the meat for the excellent organic stuff your getting , great cheese and wine selection... And the coupons are amazing .  Only place we will shop for meat                 (:
5	Delicious AND nutritious
4	Earth Fare, a nice organic grocery stores for your organic needs.I love the fact that I am on their mailing list for some deals of the week! Either there is a sale for some fresh Salmon, burgers, meat, and other meats - haha.Place - It may look a little small from the outside, but it actually is a little spacious. They have your wines, baked goods, meats, medicines.. your typical grocery store.Price - It is pricey! But hey, that is what you get for organic ingredients.  Just grab a coupon before you enter through the doors on the left, and you may find what you are looking for on the deal. Dessert - Had their macron, and they were delicious!This was the "it" place before Whole Foods opened up. But I really do like Earth Fare for their continued perserverance of keeping up the place and ensuring fresh quality meat.  They have other products that you don't see at Whole Foods.  Service - Great! The people here are friendly.  I remembered emailing one time to ask to save a certain product for me, and they went above and beyond to keep me in the loop and held the product.  That is what you call, great customer service!Perk - Loved buying their reusable bag that is fun to own.
4	I love this place. It has a great variety of organic produce at a reasonable price!! They also have a great vitamin and supplement section and a great juice bar and section to order your food. Every time I go in I feel more dedicated and determined to live a healthier lifestyle!
4	As someone trying to eat healthier, who loves the selection of Whole Foods, but quite honestly hates the clientele, I was SO excited that a girlfriend told me about this Earth Fare.Located kind of behind Southpark Mall, I have been to the Barnes & Noble and Firebirds in the same development several times, but never noticed Earth Fare.  There is street side parking available, but your best best is to park in the free garage and cut through.  The store was very clean, well-organized and had a very friendly staff.  On a Friday afternoon before school and work had let out for the day, there was a small crowd that made browsing a breeze.  Their bulk section of nuts and dried items was great.  Prices were well marked.  I was able to find the Mamma Chia squeeze snacks that I was looking for and also made mental note of several other items that I want to try.  The gentleman manning the cheese counter was deep in conversation with an inquisitive woman and seemed to handle all of the questions well; knowing your business is a good thing.  The prepared foods section and hot bar were much larger than I thought they would be.  As with most of the boutique health-professing grocers, the prices are a bit higher here than HT, etc., but I saw many items on sale that put them in-line with big box grocery store prices, but with the specialty and organic items that some folks search out.  Great store, I will definitely drive right past Whole Foods to return!
