5	Just opened. Custom glazes and toppings with fresh made donuts. Tried the Carmel with Bacon topping. Tasty!!!
5	This is what Heaven tastes like.I have been waiting for this place to open for weeks...waiting with baited breath...like a vulture.Today I looked across the parking lot from my daughter's daycare and saw that a local news van was parked right in front of the donut shop; FINALLY it was open!!  I made a beeline across the parking lot and barreled into a parking spot, and in the process of bursting through the front door I *think* I might have knocked over a little old lady (unfortunate collateral damage).  The interior is beautiful and contemporary.  The staff is falling over themselves to help you chose your selections and teach you about the custom made donut creation process, and everyone is eager to make your visit perfect.  They have cafe tables inside and out, and there is even an outdoor patio in the back where you can enjoy your donuts and coffee.So I chose 2 dozen assorted donuts for my office staff, and I just ate the most amazing strawberry shortcake donut in the known universe.  (Perhaps there is a better donut somewhere in the Tadpole Galaxy, but NASA has yet to confirm that.)  This particular donut was ever so slightly crunchy on the outside, yet moist and warm on the inside and covered in the most addictive, sweet and tangy, gooey strawberry glaze and then sprinkled with a graham cracker topping.  Ohmigosh... It was the stuff dreams are made of.  I'm pretty sure it was dry humping my tongue while I heard angels trumpeting somewhere in the background...Stop what you are doing and go. Go right now.
5	Found out through Shannon E. The Fractured Prune's Grand Opening was today, and wasted no time hustling over on my break! Apparently, some other guy didn't either: "I drove all the way out here from Apache Junction for a dozen!" When I walked in I was immediately greeted by Marilyn. She talked me through their custom donut process: Selecting a custom glaze and toppings before handing off your card to a doughnut designer.Think combinations like Dreamsicle, Chocolate Covered Cherry, Maple Bacon. Decided on two Mint Chocolate Chip doughnuts: One for me to scarf down at work, one for Andrew C for later. Because he might murder me later for going alone. And I'm not a self-centered, lameface lady friend. Doing "Nice things" goes both ways, ladies. These donuts aren't sitting around in a case, either. Custom means made when you order. Got back to work and took a bite. Still piping hot, minty, chocolatey, practically melting in my mouth as I ate it. This is really a four star review masquerading as a five star: I love the custom concept; however, I'm more of a "classic doughnut" gal: Think Old Fashioned Kruller with some chocolate on it. The customer service is what bumped the rating up to five stars! Now go, take a doughnut break. Meanwhile, I'll resist inhaling Dude's while waiting for him to pick it up!
5	Opening day!  Stopped by to get some fancy pastries for my staff.  From the second I hit the door, the staff were all attentive and helpful.    The options are unreal!  There was so much to choose from that I finally decided to let the pros pick for me.  I picked up 3 dozen dealer's choice doughnuts and they barely hit the break-room before they were gone.  The rest of the day I fielded questions on where I picked them up, and when I was bringing in more!!I will be back for sure!
4	Saw this place on the news this morning and I had to come give it a try. Fresh made donuts with custom glazes and toppings. There are so many options to choose from and the choices are endless. If you can't decide on what to get they have a set of 15 custom donuts you can chose from . For a dozen donuts it's $15.99 and single donuts are about $2.00 each. I would defiantly come back and create my own custom donut
5	Hot and fresh donuts made to order. They offer total customized donut, glazed with your choice of 19 glazes and 14 toppings. Didn't realize that I was missing this in my life. Fantastic donuts.
5	Today I seen this new business on facebook and I had to try it!  I had an OC Sand (most popular) donut and love it!  Will defiantly be back for more!
1	We drove thirty minutes tonight to check this place out. Unfortunately, a gentleman greeted us and a few other customers by saying, "our fryer cook went home. The oil is too full and I had to turn it off". We were not able to get any donuts. I totally understand safety comes first but I would assume he would have at least passed out coupons or vouchers to come back. I'd still love to check this place out but am disappointed in the customer service.
5	Holy hell, FANTASTIC!!! I'm NOT a doughnut guy, but thought I'd treat my team to some goodies on a friday. The whole concept is super customizable doughnuts. You walk in, and they usualy have order forms (today, it was just pen and paper) and you can choose pre selected creations or create your own with tons of glazes and toppings to choose from. I got a dozen alrady selected types, to make it easy. Truthfully ,they all looked great. They literally fry, then dip, then top  your doughnut fresh! YOu hand your list to the next doughnut person adn they get to work. it's pretty impressive. I got random ones that incliuded strawberry shortcake (strawberry glaze with graham cracker crumbs), Maple with Bacon, Prunellas Classic (awesome mixed berry glaze with powdered sugar), Smores (marshmallow glaze, chocolate chips and graham cracker crumbs) etc. They all looked great, and the ones I had were the two best doughnuts I've ever had. Hands down. Now it's a bit pricey ($16 per dozen) but WELL worth it. GREAT DOUGHNUTS!!!!!
5	When my coworker first mentioned this place was opening I began to drool uncontrollably. When I pulled up the website and saw the pictures my eyes glazed over and the thoughts of consuming these amazing creations began to take up most of my days. Finally the day of my donut experience has arrived! I jumped out of bed this morning already knowing which donuts I'd be happily forking over whatever price they wanted in order to scarf down (ps- the price wasn't bad at all!) Arriving and ordering was all a blur as once the smell of hot donuts hits you, there is no room for other thoughts. But eating them? The lemonade donut changed my life, I'm pretty sure I can never settle for another donut shop again. And then the salted caramel, because I couldn't stop with just one. So warm, sweet, flavorful and delish!! Fractured prune- I love you.
3	It's a great concept: custom-made donuts hot out of the fryer with your choice of a wide variety of glazes like peach, blueberry, chocolate, etc. with a variety of the toppings such as mini marshmallows, mini m&m's, sea salt, and many more. The donuts were tender and the flavors were good, except for the bacon, which was soft and not at all crisp. My major complaint with this place is that they use hydrogenated oil in their donuts (I confirmed with an employee). Come on people, it's 2014 and the FDA has banned hydrogenated oils because they are a huge health concern and a major artery clogger. Surely something else healthier could be used. Just because it's an indulgent dessert food doesn't mean it can't be healthier. This problem will be solved once the ban is in effect and they are forced to find a different oil to use. Until then, I won't be going back. /sadface
4	You've never eaten at anything like Fractured Prune unless you've eaten at a Fractured Prune.  The concept is new and fresh. Warm plain cake donuts done many ways. There are many glazes and toppings to choose from.  We tried three different kinds; the blueberry, OC sand, and the peppermint patty. All were  good and warm. I have a feeling these May be better when warm. I'd like to go back and try a bunch of the others.  There are recommended combinations so if you are unsure what to make, try one of those. I did like the OC Sand best out of the ones we tried. It is also the most popular selection. The staff was helpful and courteous.
4	Read about this place and decided to check it out.  It lives up to the hype, doughnuts come out fresh with the toppings you want. The owner is very nice and tries to greet everyone.  My only complaint is just the lack of the doughnut itself in variety as only one kind is made. I would have loved to have had a devils food doughnut. The place is kept spotless.
4	These are very good and different from usual doughnuts. I like that you can "build" your own. We'll be back.
4	These are definitely more of a cake like donut than the light and fluffy ones. I've read in a previous review that they use hydrogenated oils which is concerning. But, the glazes are super tasty! I had a maple bacon and a chocolate covered cherry. They were awesome. The donuts are a bit heavy-it's not like BoSa where you can down 3 of them and be content. I had two and was super full.The staff is really friendly and kind. I'll be back, but I really really hope they change their oil. It has a funny after taste.
5	I see that Fractured Prune has two Yelp listings, so I'll review them both.  I went again this morning and got a donut with blackberry glaze and bacon crumbles and it was a thing of beauty.Also, their bold coffee is like a delicious shot of caffeine right to the jugular vein.  YES!!I haven't been this excited about a new business before, but once you try their donuts you'll understand why I am...
5	Mouth watering donuts and toppings! We finished a dozen without blinking. Great customer service and friendly people.
5	11,628 Flavor combinations from 19 glazes and 14 toppings. How can you possibly go wrong? We purchased 1/2 dozen of their favorites (pics to follow).The donuts were exceptionally warm and delicious; probably would've been the bomb dot com had I eaten them right then and there. Not that they weren't hood when I got home, simply knowing that they are ALWAYS warm makes me drool with anticipation of eating one freshly dipped. Mmmm! The place is rather clean and bright. A nice sized flat screen tv adorns the wall in the dining area, and the patio (though not going to be inviting in the upcoming months) will be a cool ticket on those beautiful Fall, some Winter, and Spring days. Do we even have Fall here in AZ? Lol.The staff was very pleasant. The ONLY downfall are the prices. $1.89 for 1 donut! Holy cow! Its a regular sized cake donut. Nonetheless, you gotta pay for good food, right?For all you really nice people who adore your fellow office coworkers (or not), they do have a "Corporate Card" that lends $2 off if you buy 2 dozen donuts. And a free dozen if you purchase 5 dozen...all must be purchased at the same time. Nothing fancy smancy, but at $1.89 each every damn penny counts!
5	It lives up to the hype!  I had a sea salt caramel donut and it was excellent.  Husband had the sugar/cinnamon.  The sheer number of choices make this a little overwhelming, so we just ordered off their favorites menu. We will definitely go back.
5	Best donuts I have ever had! I think what makes them so tasty is that they serve them hot. You can add any topping you want. I had the salted carmel & the French toast. Two was enough but I maybe could have had three. The coffee was good too. I wish they would open more locations. Please open one near Desert Ridge.
5	My wife and I saw the name of this place and just had to check it out. Once I was inside I felt like a kid in a candy store. The options are practically limitless, and all of their fruit glazes are made with real fruit!We only got two doughnuts: maple glaze with bacon and cinnamon sugar and peach glaze with cinnamon sugar and graham crackers. Both were incredible! The texture was heavenly--fluffy cake doughnut with a moist glaze soaked into it. The flavor was likewise delicious. The glazes were wonderfully sweet without taking over the experience. My only complaint is that the bacon was too soft and lacked flavor, but that didn't ruin the doughnut at all.I imagine the doughnuts are not quite as good when they are cool, but it seems like they would still be very tasty. All in all, those two doughnuts were two of the best I've ever eaten. I will definitely be back.
5	So delicious!!  And also a fun experience no matter what age you are.  There are so many flavor choices, so you can be creative and make your own combination or choose from the menu options (all which sounded amazing).  The doughnuts are a cake doughnut so they are richer and more filling than a Krispy Kreme doughnut, which is good because you don't need to eat a bunch of them to get full.  I had 1 1/2 and was happily stuffed!  If you are taking some home for the family and don't want to leave Fido out, you can ask for a "doggy doughnut" and then everyone in the family is included in the fun!
1	Tried a couple of different varieties including the French Toast and Salted Caramel and both donuts left a very undesirable aftertaste. Not even milk helped :(There's nothing special about the donuts themselves which is unfortunate. The specialty is the ability to custom coat your donut with different toppings. Not worth another visit even though the concept is great.... Just need a better tasting donut.
4	First time going there this last Friday because of another friend that mentioned it on instagram. Been open for a few weeks now. Good and you got to love it when you have options on what to put on your own doughnut. I went basic with a maple glazed doughnut with some bacon crumbles.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My girlfriend won a girt card for here and we drove about 45 minutes and it was worth it. Staff was very friendly, clean place, tons of combos to choose from and the prices are incredible!!!!! You can't beat this shop, even though it is out of my way, we will be returning!!! Way to go guys!!!
1	This place get one star for the pretty delicious donuts they sell but unfortunately for them customer service is terrible. They have very young tweens working there more worried about the latest gossip than the paying customers.
3	I was very excited to try this new concept and actually the donuts are very good.. So many flavor combinations.  My disappointment came as I was leaving.  I stopped to order some to take home.  I ordered a half dozen.  After I paid and was waiting I see that for only $3 more I could have bought a dozen.  When I asked about it she said if I wanted 6 more after paying I would have to pay the per donut price which is $12+ for another 6.  I was very disappointed in the lack of a solution like possibly refunding the first order and maybe recharging me for a dozen.  There was just absolutely no way to do it I guess  ???  Also no coffee refills even for a fee.  Donuts great.. Some work to do in the customer service area..  May be a while before I return.. Lots of choices in this big valley.
5	This place is on point. Easily deserving of the five stars. I felt like a child almost burying my face in the delicious creation they had recommended. I've been craving something from here ever since I went.
5	This is an amazing place for doughnuts, I went there yesterday. I had a vanilla glazed doughnut with the cookie crumble topping. So many combinations, an completely customisable. They are served fresh and hot right to you. I went there with my two friends. One got a vanilla glazed doughnut with granulated sugar as a topping. The other friend I am not sure about what she got but it was probably delicious. It is really cool that they allow you to see the process of the doughnuts being created. Very nice staff, indeed. Highly organised group. They have ordering cards. The crew shows you exactly how to use the ordering cards. Clean establishment, and they had a wall- mounted flat screen television...WOW!!!Indoor and also outdoor seating. The bathroom was very clean. The soap smelled, " just like heaven" lolThey have a frame on the wall with the fractured prune logo on it. You can also purchase fractured prune paraphernalia. ( e.g. Frisbees, stuffed dogs, coffees mugs, tumblers, and teddy bears) You should definitely visit here if you love doughnuts!
3	New donut spot in Chandler, with a unique spin, picture donuts ala Chipolte.I hit FP on a Sunday morning, and was warmly greeted by an employee. They explained how to order and purchase your donuts, cool system. Basically they are all cake donuts, but you have a huge selection of glazes, and toppings.The place is super clean and fun, and the service was very nice. Sadly the donuts have a very distinct and weird after taste, and I think it's an oil issue. I read other reviews that noted it, so I am not alone, it seems like something is odd about the oil after taste. I am a huge fan of donuts, and know them like a wine snob knows wine. With that being said, there are many people who swear by these things, so please give it a try. Based on the sweet people here alone, it's worth a trip. In the meantime maybe they will tweak the oil, or something. I wish this place all the best!
3	Doughnuts were hot, fresh and good. The reasoning behind the 3 stars is due to 1) the manager/ shift supervisor/ the person who rang us up came across as arrogant and unfriendly 2) the seating/eating area was dirty and we were 2 of 3 customers in the place 3) the place where they assemble the doughnuts was dirty as well. It was unappetizing. I will try it again. Hopefully I will go back to a clean & friendly environment.
5	New donut shop in chandler. Thought I would stop by, didn't know what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised. Its basically a made to order donut place with many options for glaze and toppings. We walked in they gave us a quick orientation and said they have cake donuts, which i am not a big fan of in general but thought i would try anyways. Wow these suckers are good. I would say its a mix between a cake donut and a yeast donut. Warm, Soft with a slightly crispy outside. I tried 2 donuts: -The chocolate covered cherry which is red cherry glaze and little chocolate chips on top, very good and the donut was so warm it started melting the chips-The orangsicle which is a orange glaze and powered sugar. Very good as well with nice bright orange flavor.Will have to try to make my own creation next time and be adventurous.The price is about $2 after tax for each a little pricey for the size of donut but they are made to order so not too bad.Quick addition:Stopped by to try two more donuts this time custom style:-Key lime/ Sea salt -Bright green, Sweet tangy and tasty-Maple/ Bacon -Perfect breakfast Donut, slightly sweet and savory salty with the bacon piecesRating still holds, great place for warm hot gooey goodness
5	We loved it. They have a donut machine and they freshly fry your donuts. You can pick your toppings. They had some really good combos. It's just under 2 bucks a donut. Not cheap but really good and worth it. Just white cake donut but lots of toppings to choose from. We will be back.
5	I was looking for a place to get my morning sweet tooth fix. We were originally headed to a restaurant further down the road and found it had closed, that's when we stumbled upon the Fractured Prune. They have many unique doughnut combinations both my husband and I enjoyed. Can't wait to come back and try a few more. Down side is they don't open until 6am which is when I start work so it looks like I'll only be able to stop by on the weekends.
5	A must try. Made-to-order custom donuts. Amazing! The donuts are warm and incredibly soft and the glazes are flavorful. When you enter you are greeted by friendly staff on how to create and order the donuts. This is a very family oriented establishment and has a fun and energetic environment. You'll have a great experience.
3	The place was clean both in the customer area as well as behind the counter.  The restaurant idea is novel similar to a Subway or Chipolte. I ordered two different doughnuts and was unimpressed. Most any other shop is just as good if not better and considerably cheaper.   At an approximate two dollars per doughnut I expected much more.
4	Sunday morning treat taking my niece and her GF for the first time. Friendly associates throughout the shop even in the craze they all continue to smile. We got lemonade, strawberry shortcake, Oreo and the Prunella. The first couple bites are tasty, warm and not overly sweet but if you don't eat it right away there is an oily after taste. I only ate half of mine due to that after taste. Next time I'll share one so not to waste.
5	Probably the best doughnut I've ever had. Can't go wrong with any flavor because the doughnuts are made on site as you order it.
5	My company moved into a new building in Tempe yesterday and they treated us to donuts and coffee from Fractured Prune.  They were fabulous.  Not your usual boring flavors.  Very innovative and tasty.  Loved the Bold coffee too.  I hadn't heard of them before - but now that I have, I'll go back on my own.
5	Just left this place this morning to pick up 1 doughnut.   It was an expensive doughnut, but it tasted amazing.   I got the French Toast doughnut.   Every doughnut comes out made to order!   I think the idea is fantastic.  It is basically the only doughnut shop I am going to from now on.  Love it!!!
5	So good! Not a cake donut not a regular donut. More like a funnel cake donut if u can imagine it. Custom made a bacon maple donut. Bomb.com son!
5	This place is amazing!! The doughnuts are made fresh and you pick your glaze and toppings. They are cake doughnuts but sooo light! Delicious!! The guys working were so nice and even had a doggie treat for my puppy!
3	So I was ready for my morning coffee and bagel...Unbeknown to me, I stepped into not your average donut store...It was pretty cool to see the store layout and the Gizillion Glazes and Trillion Toppings u could pick from.I had maple glaze w bacon topping.Taste: Donut: OK, not bad but not one of the best...Glaze: pretty good too bad it's too runny my bacon DIDNT STICK (by the time it's about 2.5978 inches from my mouth 70% of the bacon already fell off, by my second bite 98.76536% of the bacon fell- I Cry!)Topping: bacon is always good!!!' :) Iced coffee-light blend: umm if the standard for good are peets coffee and dutch coffee  then this is an OK, a tad too sour for me. Conclusion: will be back to show out of towners crazy things u could find in AZ.
4	It's a really fun concept, and we had a good time choosing donuts. We had hoped that the flavors would be natural instead of artificial but unfortunately they were artificial. So the strawberry shortcake tasted like a pop tart. It's not a gourmet experience as we would have liked, but it was still fun.
3	The donuts are great! We wish they had a better coffee selection. As well as some sort of frappe. Bc we were hoping to sit and enjoy donuts and coffee--now we are headed across the street to Starbucks!
4	Fresh donuts made to order and come out hot, it doesn't get much better! Also offer decent coffee with a variety of creamer choices.Have a patio in the front and back for seating as well.
5	Amazingly delicious. The donuts are perfectly soft on the inside with a nice crusty outside. With 19 glazes and 14 toppings the flavor options are almost endless. Definitely a good choice for dessert, special treat or just to hang out and watch donuts made fresh. I'll definitely be coming back.
4	I would give them a 5 star if the prices were a little lower. Great friendly service, quick to help make the "experience" fun. They have a ton of choices and everyone I tasted rocked. If you are a donut person this is defiantly not a place to pass up. Try at least 3 of their made up flavors and try a few of your own.
2	I love donuts. I make it a point to find good donut shops when I travel, that's how much I love donuts. So when I heard Fractured Prune had opened up of course I had to go check it out. I loved the concept of customized donuts. Even more I loved the fact that they serve their donuts hot. But that's where my love for Fracture Prune ended. My boyfriend and I got a few different flavors to try out. All of them were way too sugary sweet. I ate one and felt like I was sinking into a sugar coma. And it left kind of a bad aftertaste. But the worst part was how I felt later. I reacted to these donuts as if I ate MSG. When I eat MSG I get super crabby and that's exactly what happened after I ate these donuts. No thanks!And they were expensive - $2.00 a donut. I'll stick with the cheaper and better tasting donuts from Bosa.
4	Willy wonka would stop by this donut shop. Maybe not the one played by Johnny Depp but the older one played by Gene Wilder. The only thing that could make this place a ten star place is if they had umpa lumpas work the donut shop.The place has so many different glazes and a plethora of toppings, which makes the combinations of donuts endless. They have cherry, mint, chocolate, salted caramel, blueberry, chocolate chips, maple, even bacon!!!!! So once you figure out the type of donuts you want, you can watch the freshly made donuts make their way on the conveyor belt. The donuts are picked up and placed in the glazes of your choose and then the toppings are put on all right in front of your eyes. Yum yum!
5	A life changing doughnut experience! Seriously, you have to make the time for a visit at least once even if you don't live in the area. If you do live in the area? I hope you have some self control cause this place is where your cheat day goes off the deep end. I tried the strawberry shortcake and my boyfriend created his own. Both were so delicious!! We will definitely be visiting again! Staff was very friendly and offered suggestions and showed the way to place your order which was appreciated also.
5	Some of the best donuts in AZ.  LOVE THEM. I like the whole create your own concept and the donuts are always made fresh.   The oc is one of the best.  Anything with salted Carmel is great as well
5	Nothing short of amazing! Everything is on point from the whole ordering process, watching the "doughnut designer" make your doughnuts, and the amazing employees!  I do have one complaint.....let me tip those amazing workers, they deserve it!  After the girl handed me my dozen doughnuts she then handed me another little box, she said the fresh made doughnuts had not turned out as big as they had wanted so she threw in a couple extra for free!  I went home opened the box and thought they looked fantastic, then I took a bite........WOW!  I will be back for more delicious doughnuts at the Fractured Prune!
5	Simply good! Tried the Pina colada, maple bacon,  strawberry shortcake,  and Blueberry. All good but my fave is a toss-up between strawberry and Pina colada. The donuts are made fresh to order so they are hot when you get them.  They have a slight crunch on the outside and fluffy inside.  Not too heavy or dense,  which is good.  The iced coffee is great (city roast). Atmosphere is clean and relaxed.  Friendly service. Will be back to try more :)
1	We all had a doughnut craving so we headed to Fractured Prune, which is extremely close to my house. I had heard rave reviews about the place. At work, I heard people talking about how amazing it was to create your own doughnuts. I also went on yelp, and again encountered highly positive feedback.When I went to the store, it was totally empty. It was a ghost town. There were only 2 employees- one behind the counter and one sitting and eating doughnuts with a date (?) Anyways, the employee behind the counter explained the idea behind the place and we got to ordering. He took quite a while to make the doughnuts, and watching him make them was sort of painful to be honest. Didn't seem like he quite knew what he was doing. We ordered a dozen doughnuts- one cherry, one orange, two lemonades, three salt caramels, and the rest plain glazed. The doughnuts were fresh and warm, and also pretty to look at. But that's about it.When I finally bit into a doughnut, I realized a GLARING problem. The texture of the doughnut was all wrong. It was the texture of those packaged powdered doughnuts you get at Walmart. There's a reason I don't buy those. The only flavors I found edible were sea salt caramel and honey glazed. The fruit glazes were strong and artificial tasting, which is inedible in my case. Why eat a doughnut that doesn't even taste good? To be honest, I don't understand the hype about this place. The concept is good, but the doughnuts are terrible. I feel like the only reason people like this place is the fact that you can put bacon bits on your doughnuts. And I don't even eat bacon. So there's really nothing here for me.The worst part about this experience is that I STILL have a doughnut craving that has not been satisfied at the slightest. I guess I'll be driving over to Bosa doughnuts later today for some cheap, delicious, fresh doughnuts.
1	Fuckture prune is the donuts on earth man! Fuckture prune is the donuts on earth man! Fuckture prune is the donuts on earth man! Fuckture prune is the donuts on earth man!
5	Okay I'll start with ,cake style donuts are what normally go for.  So when I walk in the front door and see fresh cake donuts rolling off the "assembly line" oh yeah going to be good!  Came in with a crew of 11 year olds post soccer game (they all loved the place).  Funny watching the mind of an 11 year old working with 10 thousand options.  Anyway I had Maple Bacon - mmm donut with bacon and sea salt carmel.  Both were awesome.  Coffee was also top shelf - Bold Roast.  They have carafes of 2%,skim, or 1/2 &1/2 that the friendly staff will fetch from the refrig which is an appreciated touch for me.  Excellent experience!  We will be back!
4	The Fractured Prune is a fun and different doughnut concept and I am a big fan! I love being able to customize flavors and mix and match so this is really the type of place for me. The doughnuts are more of a cake style with different glazes and powder/sprinkle toppings. They have multiple pre-fix options, as well as an option to create your own flavor combinations on the order sheet.Some of the favorites from our group meeting were, chocolate covered cherry, morning buzz (mocha flavored with chocolate topping) and french toast. The customer service was also great and the gentleman on the phone helped me place a phone order after looking over the menu online. I liked the experience so much I went back for another dozen for my fiance's work meeting that same day. They also have a frequent buyer program, when you buy (I think 8 dozen) you get a dozen for free.Overall great experience. I would highly reccommend trying it out if you have a sweet craving anytime soon!
4	I am not a fan of cake doughnuts. I am going to start off with that. So when my coworker's wife brought these for our department to celebrate his birthday,  I avoided taking one. Until... I found out he saved one for me before everyone inhaled them. Well damn, I couldn't say no.I took a deep breath and decided to take one for the team and take a bite. But hold up, this cake doughnut was different. It wasn't heavy dense dough. It was light and had yummy flavor. The glaze wasn't too sweet and the little chocolate chips on top weren't chalky, made by Satan to torture chocolate loving brown folks like myself. No, this was a good damn cake doughnut. I felt like I needed to apologize to him for avoiding this little piece of bliss he put away for me. This place is legit! I am now a fan of cake doughnuts. Only from this place though. Fractured Prune is my secret lover and the hubs is ok with that.
2	This place has a different spin on doughnuts. We went one evening and they weren't busy but it took a good 20 minutes to get a dozen to go. The doughnuts were ok but nothing that I would have to go back for
5	Took my kids here for first time this morning. In a word - Yummy!  Fresh, warm, wonderful donut flavor and textures. Cooked and made in front of you. Outside texture slightly crunchy with fluffy cake center.  Wonderful customer service as we were greeted when we walked in by a very nice lady (owner?) who took my kids under her wing and showed them the ropes. Great concept and thoroughly enjoyable product. We will definitely be back.
4	Have been here twice. If you want a custom hot donut, this is THE spot. Many flavored of icing, tons of toppings, and the combinations are endless. Just be prepared to spend about $2 per donut. The price is a bit high, but worth it as an occasional treat.
5	i am going to preface this by saying I am a huge fan of cake donuts they are my favorite and I have never been in the store. So I cannot comment on their customer service, cleanliness of their store, and so on.One of the managers at work bought 3 boxes of donuts and brought them in for us to try, all I will say is WOW adios diet these are amazing! I was being so good at resisting the donuts but everyone in the office kept saying "This is the best donut I have ever had! You have to try one!" and so on and so forth, finally I gave in to the peer pressure (I know I am weak, woe is me) and I tried one, there were only a few left so I had the Salted Caramel and sweet baby JESUS that was like Christmas in my mouth! I went NOM NOM NOM on that donut and didn't even feel bad for breaking my diet, now I need to go run for an hour to get rid of those calories. Totally worth it! In fact as I am typing this I want to get up and go get another donut....
5	I have their doughnuts when I go to Suns games and they're the best doughnuts I've ever had. Damn near best thing I've ever had. At least in the running. My favorite is the blueberry but they're all great.
4	Hope this place makes it in the current location. We've been hankering for something to make it here and this may be the place. The name is truly funky, but it's a chair from the Midwest, so go figure. Walk in and be welcomed by amazingly friendly folks and place your order for hot fresh frosted donuts. Loads of choices and combinations for your crispy frittered delight... enjoy my friends... enjoy.
1	This is it ,the best price in town,no other donut shop in Arizona can beat this place about the price. This fuckture prune donut alway hot.oh my god
4	This place is amazing. I love donuts. And it doesn't get any fresher than here. Krispykreme and bosa you gotta get there when they make it, but fractured prune the make it on the spot. And you get to custom it the way you want. I don't know how they messed up on my order since its right in front of them on a piece of paper but it still turned out good. Chocolate donut with bacon. Smores. Marshmallow with cookie crumbs.
5	Excellent doughnuts! Excellent service! Hot delicious cake doughnuts exactly how you want them. A custom donut for less than $2? YES PLEASE
5	It's like cinabon meets donut.  Really super amazingly yummy.  They come out hot, glazed, customized however you want.  It's about $1.89 a donut, but you only want to order maybe 1 or 2 per person, they fill you up.  It's a cute place to possibly take a date.
5	Yummy in my tummy!!! I am currently chomping on my doughnuts as we speak. I ordered the blueberry hill, cookies & cream, and OC sand. I'm pretty sure I can eat the donut plain on its own. But all the glazes and toppings are perfection. I was worried coming in at 6pm would mean we get doughnuts that have been sitting out but these are made to order, right in front of you. The employees like to chat with each other while they're making your doughnuts but that didn't bother me. They were warm and friendly. And the price to me was reasonable - under $2 per donut. $15.99 for a dozen. I actually had a bad first impression of these because the first time I had a taste of one was from a client at my work and they were sitting out for awhile. I suggest anyone coming in eat their doughnuts right away. Can't wait for this to open in Cityscape because I'm from the Phoenix area!
