5	Asian fusion tapas is how I would best describe Jayde Fuzion and Seonkyoung, the new Food Network star surely delivered with her culinary vision and concepts!My advice is to go in a group of 4 and order a bunch of dishes and share.   We loved the Crab Salad - I believe this was one of the dishes featured in the early episode of Restaurant Express.  The salad was so fresh, light and refreshing.  The crab salad is paired with these lettuce endives and sesame wonton chips to scoop the crab goodness up.  This was one of our favorites.You can't go wrong with the lettuce wraps stuffed with pork belly....YES....pork belly.  Next time I will get the Duck sliders and Korean street tacos as we saw many tables having these dishes.  There are many traditional Korean dishes such as Japchae and Kalbi and for less adventurous eaters you can order a cashew chicken.  There's an even a full blown sushi bar.  There's definitely something for everyone.   The best part is most entrees are in the $8 to $15 range so you can order several and share.  Be sure to save room for desserts.  We really enjoyed the Yuzu Donuts - I could eat a dozen of those.  Hopefully chef will bring her famous sticky Asian bbq Ribs.  If you're in the area, be sure to check out this new Asian gem at the M Resort.
5	Food was very good. Small plates to share. The staff was very attentive and friendly. Would definitely go back. The food had a lot of great different flavors that taste great.
5	Didn't see the show but when I heard the story I figured it would be worth it to check out something new.   Reservation was easy thru open table and the host staff greeted me warmly and sat me before the rest of my party arrived.  Its a big location and has a good layout with the bar to the front surrounded by glass encased wine cellar.  Down a couple steps the main dining room is completely open with plenty of tables and a sushi bar in the corner.  The server approached me quickly and got my drink order (iced tea) promptly and to my relief the glass was a very good size (big) so I didn't have to constantly ask for refills.  Even better they topped me off multiple times and brought a fresh glass when the ice melted.The food is best described as shareable tapas of Asian decent.  The street tacos were very good and I'd highly recommend the duck sliders.  Just check with server on portions because some ( like the sliders) were smaller ( 2 per order) vs the others.The sliders were my favorite with a classic street sandwich bread to go along well cooked and marinated duck and fresh herbs and veg.  A close second was the s&p (salt and pepper) calamari tempura.  Crispy, not oily, and goes great with the spicy pepper slices and soy based dipping sauce.The chow fun noodles and the pork dish was a great way to round out the meal.  The main dishes are plenty to share ( 3 of us split the 2 dishes after the small plates).  The yuzu donuts were great donut holes with a yuzu cream that was very flavorful without being overly sweet.The staff was all very attentive and the chef took time to greet us and ask how the meal was.  She was very personable and friendly.  The whole operation seems very well run for a place that just opened.  The manager wished us a good night on the way out, shook our hands (nice firm grip thank god) and invited us back again soon and said he hoped they did enough for us to become regulars (they did).Can't wait to try the rest of the menu.
4	I got a few e-mails from The M announcing this new restaurant, which opened on Thursday.  Eric R.'s birthday is tomorrow, so we decided to celebrate on Saturday night here.  He was thinking sushi initially, and since this is not far from us and also has a sushi bar, we decided to check it out.  This is in the old Marinelli's restaurant spot and is very swanky.  There is a green light trim (the previous restaurant was red-lit).  Right when we were seated, Chef Seonkyoung Longest (winner of Restaurant Express on Food Network) was making the rounds of every table and we were next!  She was so friendly and talked to us about her restaurant, and she showed so much pride.Our server was Doug and he is fantastic.  He was very friendly, informative, and personable.  We talked to him about dish sizes to make sure we were not over-ordering.  I started with a Yuzu Rita (yuzu juice, grand marnier, soju, simple syrup) rimmed with sea salt, and Eric R. had the Pacific mojito (in fact, 2 of them) AND jasmine green hot tea, which was by tea forte and in cute little pyramid infuser.  All of the serveware was very cool, with a theme of white wavy patterns.  The salt and pepper shakers were like puzzle pieces that fit together (our little marriage theme too, awww) and had white wavy patterns, the white napkins had this pattern across it, plates were rimmed with it, the tea pot also....soooo cute!  I liked it a lot!  Water glasses were stemmed jewel tone dark green which which was really cool and went with the green mood lighting.We started with 2 apps, the duck sliders (5 spiced duck, cucumber, steamed bao with kaiware, cilantro and green onions to add) and Korean "street tacos" which was deconstructed: 3 scallion pancakes (wish there were 4!!!), bulgogi, cabbage in "kimchi sauce," and shredded vegetables (radish, peppers) with sriracha-lime sauce.  Chef Longest stopped by to check on us after we had our apps.  We told her our entree is the bimibap, and she cheerfully told us that her mom came on opening night and approved of the bimibap (FYI: Chef grew up in Korea).  Apparently this was one of the top dishes from the show that she made.The bimibap was served in a beautiful bowl with the egg perfectly poached easy on top, with a side of the sauce.  The server wanted to mix it up with the sauce but Eric R. tasted it and felt the slow burn in his non-spicy palate.  We declined and I just mixed it with the poached egg.  We then split it and then I added the sauce.  Everything was sooooo good.  I loved the shiitakes in the dish.Next, we ordered a little sushi: the Lady Luck Roll (salmon, tuna, hamachi on top, inside asparagus, gobo, avocado) and toro nigiri (3 pieces for $10, I think the 3rd was given to us for Eric R.'s birthday though).  The quality of the fish was excellent.  The maguro on the menu is bigeye and there is also blue fin tuna available.  For Eric R.'s birthday, he got a beautiful strawberry-white chocolate dessert with gold leaf on top that was just beautiful and delicious.  He loves both of those things so the restaurant nailed it.  However, the chef encouraged me to try the yuzu doughnuts because of my yuzu-love.  I guilted Eric R. into letting me get a 2nd dessert since he had 22 drinks and I had one.The yuzu doughnuts came out pretty quickly.  They were described as yuzu-cream filled but they were actually not filled.  Also troublesome was the fact that they were room temperature.  I just expected warm to hot doughnuts.  They were just like room temperature dough drizzled with yuzu cream and topped with chopped pistachios.  The cream was fine (not as yuzu-y as the drink) but the temperature of the doughnuts just did not work.  Eric R. actually asked one of the chefs walking back toward the kitchen about it, and he immediately said they are supposed to be room temperature because otherwise the sauce would break.  I guess I personally didn't like it but other people might.  Just get the yuzu rita!!Overall, service is great, the Chef is really enthusiastic, the ambiance is nice, and the food is excellent.  Also, the prices for food and drink are very reasonable ($8 for a specialty cocktail!) We will definitely return!
5	I have now stopped in and eaten here twice in the last week. Both visits have been great. Having watched the show from start to finish, it was nice to see the end product turn out as well as it did. We went yesterday for Christmas dinner and were visited by Chef Seonkyoung who came across as incredibly humble and genuine. I ordered the crab salad (great dish), bibimbap (nice flavors) and Chow Fun Noodles (beef is incredibly tender and noodles are perfectly cooked)  both times. Ice tea is good, hot tea presentation is nice and sake glasses are amazing. The Honey Walnut Prawns were solid with good size and overall portion. In general the pricing on the dishes is very fair. Decor is classy and subtle. Though I like the design of the M overall, there was never a reason to go there on a consistent basis until now. Well done and best of luck.
5	I followed restaurant express so I was excited to try this restaurant .It was Friday so it was busy. The menu featured dishes she cooked on the show and some new stuff . The waiter was very friendly and even talked about the show . Saying the kitchen in the restaurant was the kitchen they had the final competition. And he was even there for the final competition, which I thought was cool. I got a teriyaki salmon and something called "fun noodles"- I can't quite recall the name . They were amazing! You could definitely tell they use fresh ingredients. As I'm eating . Seonkyoung longest (the winner) comes to our table and asks how the food is. I was so excited to meet her and told her I followed her on the show . And was extremely humble and sweet. She was so grateful that her dream came true and you can tell she has a passion for food. She even took a picture with me !Lastly for dessert . I got a while chocolate strawberry mousse . Which was different from anything I ever tasted .I highly recommend this restaurant. Not only for the food , but for the experience.
4	After doing some shopping, hubby and I decided on coming here to Jayde Fuzion for dinner. We didn't leave hungry! We were greeted with a warm welcome and our server was fast as we sat at the table to get our drink order. The service was excellent here. Our drinks never went empty and our server answered all of our questions.The menu is very simple without having a ton of items on it, but it was still hard to decide was to order since it all looked so good. The prices are also very reasonable. We decided to get different items from the menu and just share it. Chicken Lettuce Wraps ($8) - These were pretty good. I personally prefer a crunchier lettuce, but it was good. The menu said this dish was spicy however there wasn't any kick to the dish all. The chicken still had good flavor and it is worth the price. It came with 3 lettuce cups and when I asked our server for more it was no problem.Cashew Chicken ($15) - My favorite dish of them all! It was a great portion of chicken and put over white rice it was perfect. There were plenty of cashews and this is a dish I would probably order every time. Gochujang Pork ($15) - Apples are in this dish, but I didn't taste them. That's OK because whatever flavor it did give the pork, I loved! I will say that this was also supposed to be a spicy dish and there was again no kick at all. It's sort of frustrating when a dish says it will be spicy and it isn't, but it did have great flavor and I would eat it again. As with the other dishes it was a decent portion. Honey Walnut Shrimp ($18) - I don't eat seafood. I didn't try these! The menu says it was supposed to have a creamy mayo sauce, but hubby said the shrimp tasted more like a really sweet orange and wouldn't order them again. I thought they were presented well and nicely sized. Yuzu Doughnuts ($7) - These are yummy! The doughnuts are very light and not greasy at all. The doughnuts were filled with tasty yuzu glaze and more glaze with pistachios were on top. The refreshing citrus flavor and light texture of the doughnuts made for a nice dessert. They didn't open until 5 pm (when we happened to arrive) and people were already waiting to get in. You might want to call ahead and make a reservation. And come hungry! There is also a sushi bar.
4	We were excited to try out Jayde Fuzion after watching Seonkyoung win on Restaurant Express.  I was pleasantly surprised that the restaurant actually opened being that it seems that a lot of winners on the other chef shows turn down the jobs that they win. So Hooray for Seonkyoung!!  We were very happy for her and met her while we waited for our food.  She's so sweet and humble, just like she was on the show =)  We plan to come back often even though we live in Summerlin which is quite a hike for us.  Okay to the menu:  My husband and I tried the lettuce wraps, crab salad, duck sliders, bibimbap, Korean seafood noodle soup, and 2 orders of the Korean bbq ribs.  We were stuffed by the time we left but it's because we ordered so much food.  I felt like a few of the dishes were a little small for the price and I was torn between giving 4 or 5 stars because a few of the dishes were absolutely incredibly, but the second order of ribs we had didn't have the nice, crispy char that the first order had.  The lettuce wraps were delicious just slightly too oily, however, I prefer the butter lettuce that it came with, unlike most places that serve it with the cheap ice berg lettuce.  The bibimbap was tasty and I really liked the sauce it came with but we were a little sad that it didn't come in a hot stone pot and it was a little on the small side =(  The crab salad was to die for, as well as the first order of bbq ribs and Korean seafood noodle soup!  I told Seonkyoung how much I love spicy food, being Korean myself, and she had the chef make mine extra, extra, extra spicy.  My husband loved the duck sliders and wanted more even though he was overly stuffed, haha.We can't wait to come back and bring our friends!!!
1	Visited the restaurant 12/26/13. Not impressed. Our orders were poorly delivered and presented. The bimbam dish was ice cold (our server was nowhere to be found, so we were not able to send it back) it was probably for another table, because when we were ready to pay our bill (1 1/2 hour later), our order arrived (Hello, I guess the original food delivered to us was someone else's order and it was probably floating around the restaurant). Throughout our dinner, we noticed that there was confusion with the food delivered to adjacent tables. The most gross: Table next to us had left over, the runner uses the utensils that were set up on the fresh ordered dish that he was delivering to the back room (where a big party was seated). He proceeds to rearrange the left over food and then puts back the utensils on the fresh ordered dish to be delivered to the other table GROSS!. He made eye contact, smiled and proceeded to delivered the food (mgmt. should tell them this is a BIG NO NO!!!. Dirty dishes were left on our table throughout our dinner, I was going to put them on the floor, but...that would have been extremely impolite and plain RUDE. I am familiar with Korean food, we did order their so call Korean inspired dishes (bibimpap,gochugang pork) . I asked for steamed rice (which should be included with the gochugang  pork). Charged  an extra $3.00 for 2 tablespoons of white rice  (CHEAP)!  We like M Resort (and have eaten on all of their restaurants since they opened), management should sit down with everyone running this restaurant and read them the riot act. The food was terrible, greasy, the pork dishes was just chunks of fat, the chicken wraps were worse than what I have tasted @ P.F. Chang. The ahi poke salad was tasty, but served inside a fake plastic banana leaf (loose the banana leaf).The chef can walk around and talk to the customers, that is a nice touch, but go back and start working with your servers, how dishes are presented, quality of the product, etc. etc. etc., just coming to someone's table and smiling does not make a great first impression.My husband and  I frequent lot's of restaurants of all ethnic persuasions. We always give local restaurants our business and we were truly disappointed.  The pricing is reasonable, the service and quality of food NOT SO!My criticism should be used as a means to improve this restaurant. Our family wish this restaurant every success, so PLEASE sit down, regroup and listen with an open heart and an open mind. NEED TO STEP UP!!!
5	I write very few reviews since most of the places I go to already have excellent reviews.We took our son, visiting from Arlington, VA, to Jayde Fusion last night and were totally blown away! We go to the M Resort alot and were not impressed with the restaurant it replaced, but wanted to give the new restaurant a try.We arrived fifteen minutes early for our reservation and the restaurant was packed so we sat at the bar and had cocktails served to us by a great bartender. There were enough bartenders so no one had to wait long for a drink.The host came and escorted us to our table about two minutes after our reservation time; much better than we expected.The servers were very knowledgeable about all the dishes and suggested some. We decided to share all the dishes and over the course of the next hour ordered the Five Spiced Duck Sliders, the Pork & Vegetable Spring Rolls, the Chicken Lettuce Wraps,  the S&P Calamari, the Steamed BBQ Pork Buns, and the Chow Fun Noodles. All this was accompanied by a few bottles of Asahi beer. We would have ordered additional items, but had no room to pack any more in. All the plates were excellent and, since we had three people, the kitchen was happy to adjust the plates to ensure we had three of each item.During the time we were there, the manager (I assume) came over twice to make sure we were happy, and Chef Longest also stopped by and chatted with us!We will certainly make this one of our regular stops!
4	Ok so when I crave food it isn't usually Asian except for sushi! so when it was suggested we come here for a birthday celebration, I was in as I like trying new places and was excited as who doesn't watch the food network competitions these days and not know of this place, but I wasn't craving the food.  Lets just say the place impressed me.  The chef herself came out, explained her story, her dishes and talked to us and wished us happy birthday, she also came back around and personally checked on us and our food later with more conversation.  Jenny was an amazing waitress and her support staff was just as wonderful.  People had a sense of humor and it definitely added to the ambiance of the place.  The food: we basically went tapas with it and nobody ended up ordering sushi.  We had the crab salad (chef recommended), pork buns, duck sliders, street tacos and kimchi to start. We all shared and we all had different favorites.  I really liked the crab salad, it was light and fresh with good ceviche style flavors.  The pork buns were also delicious but the only criticism for any of those dishes is that we wanted more meat in the buns in balance with the proportion of dough.  The kimchi was good, never had with pork in it but it wasn't too spicy, maybe a little more kick would have been.  Main courses we got the ahi poke, chow fun, teryiaki salmon, lettuce wraps and egg rolls.  Again we all had different favorites but they were all seasoned wonderfully with good flavor.  The lettuce wraps almost seemed pureed though and I wasn't a big fan.  The sauces all came on the side and they all had a nice kick and added more depth to all the dishes.  For dessert we got the yuzu donuts and the chocolate banana egg rolls.  We were split which we liked better.  The donuts had that light citrus flavor and weren't heavy, more like a puff than a donut.  They had good flavor if you like yuzu and the serving is definitely more than enough to share.  the egg rolls were great with a nice chocolate and banana balance with a bit of crunch from the egg roll wrapper.  The whole meal was super delicious but because of small criticisms subtracted one star.  But overall I think chef has done a great job and we would definitely go back!
4	We got to eat at the famous Jayde Fuzion Restaurant at M Resort. It so happened that we were staying near the hotel when we found out that Jayde Fuzion had finally opened! We ordered a lot of the appys:- Samgyeposal Lettuce Wraps - really really good!- Korean Street "Tacos" - love 'em!- Five Spiced Duck Sliders - really good!- Ahi Poke - nice presentation with finely cubed tuna! Nice flavours.Entrees:- Chow Fun Noodles - Best chow fun I've had. Very subtle flavours.- Baby Bok Choy - very small plate of greens- Korean Style Lobster - lobster slit into half down the middle - unusual way to present Asian lobster - good flavours- Asian Sizzling Snapper - great fish dish!Desserts:- Yuzu Doughnuts - very good- Exotic Fruit Salad - very goodSome advice for the restaurant:- The plates are really heavy for passing around and the serving cutlery is so heavy that it doesn't stay on the plate when it's being passed round. it makes such a clatter when the cutlery falls on the table!- All the appys and entrees all came out at once as the waiter explained that the dishes are all done at once and when it's done, they come out. There was no space on the table when the dishes came out. It would be wise to instill a time management program to sort out the appys and entrees.Biggest thrill: meeting the Restaurant Express winner, Executive Chef Seonkyoung Longest! A very nice and humble lady.
5	My friend and I were only going to be in Las Vegas for one night -- so we decided to try Jayde Fusion as we had watched Restaurant Express and were impressed by the sincerity and demeanor of Chef Seonkyoung on the show.Boy are we glad we did. From the moment we were seated and throughout the delicious meal everyone was friendly, helpful and seemed to gout of there way to make it a memorable meal. Our server, Jenny, was on top of her game and out entrees literally came out in 10 minutes -- AND the restaurant was packed.The Chow Fun was perfect with in house made noodles; Korean tacos, really good, spicy seafood noodles, fresh and chocked full of shrimp, clams, mussels, lettuce wraps, we should have ordered another plate to take with us!When the bill arrived, we were pleasantly surprised on how reasonable it was. Next time we are in Las Vegas, this is the place we will go -- again.
3	I painfully give 3 stars to Jayde Fuzion because I had such high hopes for this place. Dinner for two with two appetizers and two entrees cost 57 dollars. As an asian person the flavors weren't really there. It catered more to white people. I can't say I loved anything I ordered, everything was just okay. Its not worth driving all the way south to the M resort from the center of town. In her defense, its mostly white people dining at the M resort so her flavors are spot on for them. Just not for asians.
4	I'd say that after you visit Anthony's Steak House for happy hour, then it is definitely worth checking out Jayde Fuzion.  My gf and I are both vegetarian and there isn't a ton of stuff on the menu that looked like it would work, but they were very accommodating in de-meating our meals.  There were four of us and we were starving after waiting for 2hrs! for the M buffet and then giving up.  I'm glad we did though because the food here was better and similarly priced.I had tofu lettuce wraps (eh), Korean Japchae (really good sweet potato noodle dish), kimchi fried rice (yum), shrimp and vegetable tempura (decent), chow mein (I thought this was particularly good and the noodles had a nice bite to them), and some Emperor fried rice with xo sauce and crab meat.  The fried rice never came out and we didn't realize until the end of the meal.  They apologized and ended up giving it to us for free togo.  The next morning I went to town on that stuff and it was my favorite dish.Summary, get the Emperor fried rice and chow mein and you won't be disappointed.  Feel free to ask for veggie options.
4	Service: Impeccable. Waiters were extremely nice and when they heard we came to see the Chef, they brought out Chef Longest to take a picture with us! 4 stars because the food was honestly nothing special but still very good.Bibimbap: Just like your everyday normal Korean bibimbap but with the bumped up prices.Kimchi Fried Rice: I thought it was called kimchi fried rice...not just plain old rice because that's what it tasted like. Severe lack of seasoning.Crab Lettuce Wrap: Crab was really good and the sauce paired nicely with the crab and lettuce wrap however we were at lost with what to do with the wonton crisps it came with.Samgyeposal Lettuce Wrap: ***This is the most bang for your buck*. Delicious and filling!The Chef was extremely enthusiastic and meeting her was truly a humbling experience. I wish nothing but the best for the Chef.
3	Kind of a weird dining experience.  Perhaps they are still working out the kinks?First, I checked out the menu and saw there were basically no vegetarian options.  So, I asked the person at the front if they have vegetarian food.  She said they can make a vegetarian version of lots of stuff.  I asked if they can make the lettuce wraps vegetarian.  She said no.  We tried it anyway because we were on the brink of dying of starvation, the line for the buffet was a trillion miles long, and the wait at Anthony's Burgers & Brews was 30 minutes.I asked the server what vegetarian options they have.  She said they can make 90% of the menu vegetarian.  I asked if they can make vegetarian lettuce wraps, she said no.I looked at the menu.  Hmm.  Not sure how you'd make salmon, lobster, or chicken vegetarian.  So, the "90%" thing is definitely not true.  I decided on the chow mein without meat.  There were no offers to sub with tofu or anything.My brother asked again, is there any way they can just make the lettuce wraps with tofu instead of meat?  Our server checked with the chef, and, miracles of miracles, they were able to do it.  Awesome, but weird that we basically had to beg them to try.I also tried the veggie rolls.  Nothing special, I'd skip it next time.The food was all okay - nothing amazing, but the prices were pretty good for a Casino restaurant in Vegas.  The made a mistake on one thing and fixed it right away.The chef came over to ask how everything was, I told her they should put more vegetarian stuff on the menu.  She said they can make most of the things on the menu without meat.  Oy, for the millionth time, JUST PUT IT ON THE MENU THEN!  (I did not watch Restaurant Express and therefore was not star struck by the chef, she was nice though.)
2	Do they know the meaning of " Cross Contamination"?Chef was keep coughing without cover his mouth and wash hands at the three comp sink another chef was triming beef on the cutting board with his sushi knife without sanitizing neither before or after of course cutting board then he made rolls on that cutting board and that knife. Even he didn't keep right temperature for the beef just leave inside pan without ice underneath. Sushi was okay pretty reasonable price but hot foods out of kitchen were little medicore under and over seasoned. Sorry chef.
5	Amazing food with very friendly service.  We (2 diners) had the Ahi Poke, Korean Street Tacos, Chow Fun Noodles & Korean Spicy Seafood Noodles.  Serving sizes were appropriate and prices great!  The food tasted as good as it looked.  Service, while friendly was a tad slow and disjointed.  Hostesses seemed to care ALOT more about those with reservations than walk-ins.  However, we cannot wait to return to try more of the menu!
3	After seeing this all the positive reviews and beautiful pictures on here I knew that I absolutely needed to try this place out. I went with 3 other people and we ordered a couple of things. WE made reservations so we got a comfortable booth near the kitchen and got to see Seonkyoung work. She was very friendly and came out to occasionally greet guests or take pictures with them. The service seemed a bit hectic though. Our waiter hinted that they were a bit overworked and understaffed and everyone seemed to be running around (2 people dropped a trays full of dishes).  And for some reason they kept constantly changing out our plates and chopsticks, even when they were cleaned. They probably replaced our dishes 5 times throughout the meal o__O But besides that everyone was courteous and friendly. The food is a bit pricier than the average Korean restaurant, about $5-$10 more. The presentation was BEAUTIFUL and everything looked amazing. BUT I just thought the food was okay. It really lacked the spice or kick that Korean food usually has. A few dishes were REALLY good like the crab salad, the sashimi, and the lobster. But most of our dishes weren't really up to our expectations. NOW I DIDN'T say that it was bad. It was good but for the price that we paid I felt that I should have been so much better. Edamame had no flavor, Japachae noodles weren't boiled long enough, caesar salad was a bit dry and there was hardly any kimchi in the kimchi fried rice. They forgot one of my dishes but quickly made it for me and took it off the bill. And when we first had our lobster it was SALTY. SO SALTY. (and we love salt but it was TOO MUCH). But they remade it and it tasted better. But the desserts were DELICIOUS. The green tea creme brulee tasted great and the Yuzu donuts were perfect and not overly sweet with just the right amount of filling. MaybeI'll come back again in a month or two but it seems like maybe they need some more time to get things organized.
3	Went with my wife on a whim, no reservation. They said they had no tables for an hour but we could get on wait list at sushi bar. So we did. Waited 10 minutes, not a problem. When we sat down the bar was packed (18 seats I think) and there wasn't a bartender in site. Apparently they have to go deliver drinks to the restaurant. What? Anyway, after 5 more minutes we got menus. I got a ginger drop martini, eh, not very good, Beth had iced tea.  We ordered 2 apps, Korean Street Tacos and chicken Lettuce wraps. The tacos were like little pancakes with beef and lettuce and some radish type stuff with a nice spicy sauce. We liked these very much. The lettuce wraps were a bit greasy and needed either a sauce or something crunchy. They were not as good as PF Changs. Entrees were beef chow mien, spicy seafood noodle and shrimp/sausage fried rice. The beef chow mien was awesome (except there really was not very much beef) noodles were cooked perfectly and they had a nice sweet flavor with red peppers , book Choy and mushrooms. The spicy noodles were as advertised very spicy, there was small shrimp and clams, it was all in a bowl with lots of broth. There  could have been more noodles, they looked like ramen noodles. The spice was excellent and lasted on my lips about 3 minutes after finishing. The shrimp and sausage fried rice may have been the best we ever had. We had yuzu donuts for desert they had a cool lemony filling and were kind of sweet, they were pretty good. As far as the "extras" well, there was no soap in the women's bathroom and no hook in the stall to hang a coat. There is a small sink at the sushi bar which is right next to the ice they use to make drinks. Well, when the servers bring old glasses back to the bar the bartenders just chuck whatever is left in the glass into the tiny sink and yep you guessed it the remnants splash into the ice. That's bullshit. I was never asked if I wanted another drink. The bar back filled my water glass most of the time, not sure if that's his job or not. The bill was $81, we had a $10 coupon that probably every Las Vegan got seeing as the owner of the place won Restaurant Express on Food Network and they are marketing it full force. We also paid with M points as it is in the M hotel and casino so the final cost was $65, we left 18 percent tip. We'd go there again but probably only if it was comped.
4	At the bar, Brittany, my server, was on point.  A suitable and expansive menu stands to satisfy any taste, understanding the projected image of the restaurant.  Hamachi sashimi starter amply offered sprouts, wasabi along with mild and comforting hamachi.  The butter lettuce salad delivered a wholesome aroma of rice vinegar, but not at all overwhelming.  Representing an effort to 'eating healthy'.  The ribs were served Korean-style cut with a sweet-without being cloying sauce dressed gently.  This was a feast!  Billed as "small plates", there was no short service on this night.Conversation with a couple from "across town" in Summerlin, combined with a splendid taste treat, made the night extraordinary.  Las Vegas is not what most people perceive.  There's a lot more here than gaming.
5	We were very excited to try Chef Longest's food after watching her win Restaurant Express. We loved everything. We tried several of the appetizers and side dishes. Our favorites were the Street Tacos, Duck Sliders and especially the Crab Salad. We will definitely come back the next time we're in Vegas!!!
4	Went to Jayde fuzion during Xmas. I was a fan of seonkyoung longest from restaurant express. The kimchee pork belly lettuce wrap was my favorite but the duck bao and ahi poke were close seconds! It's a beautiful serene restaurant and I will definitely go back on my next trip to Vegas. The lobster was huge although the least flavorful (tho not bad). Next time I'll sit at the sushi bar. :)
3	TL;DR:Food Taste: 4.5Food quantity: 2Service: 4.5Price: $$$ (check for $61 with tax and tip, no EtOH, food only for two.)Value (1-5): 2New joint at the M. New signs interested me as I typically drive by on a regular basis. Korean fusion food is no stranger to me, and this place seemed way closer than KoMex, so I decided to give it a shot with my g/f. Oh, there's sushi apparently too.The food:Spicy Tuna Roll: Not bad, not great.  Pleasant amount of spicy, but seemed a bit small for the price.Surf and Turf Roll: Pretty good. Seems more substantial than the Spicy Tuna roll. Definitely offers more flavor, yet fairly well balanced. Korean Street "Tacos" : some assembly required. decent appetizer dish. that sauce is amazing. Don't expect to be filled with this. 3 "tortillas" only.5 Spiced Duck Sliders: Two small bao. intensely flavored. seems there is an addition of some sort of wine to the ingredient list. that particularly stuck out at me.Kimchi fried rice: Likely the highlight of the dinner. Pleasantly spicy, rich tasting. The rice has a sort of "doneness" that makes it slightly "crisp" so that it sticks a little bit to your molars when you're munching away at it. The Service:No problems. Food arrived in an appropriate amount of time. Seemed typical to me. Fairly attentive.The Ambiance:Mildly noisy. Was a fairly busy night, but nothing close to a rock concert.Conclusion:While understandably more upscale than say, KoMex, having twice the price and half the food seems a bit short on value when taste is nearly the same.
5	Just like I did a review on this restaurant a couple of days ago. I am happy to inform everyone out there in YELP land,  that the Mgmt. @ M Resort contacted me and apologized for my experience. Mr. Cruz quickly convey the message to all the staff and corrections were made. Same way I posted my original views, I am quick to post the POSITIVE RESPONSE from Mr. Cruz, Restaurant Manager.  It shows that they do care about their customers concerns and appreciate our suggestions. Thank You Jayde Fuzion!!!!!!
4	Came by for dinner to check out the food of the first winner of Food Networks "Restaurant Express" and liked most of the meal. We were seated quickly and at first our waiter was like a eagle watching over us. Once the place started to fill in he chilled back with all of that though. Our food came out at different times since we said every dish would be shared. I though that was cool that they would do that so each dish came out hot and fresh and we could have the time to all enjoy and share the dishes instead of having it all at once. The Cashew Chicken was super bomb but not in the spicy kind of way. The menu said it would be spicy but it was definitely sweet instead. I still really liked it but I have to admit that the ones at P.F Chang's are better. I ordered the Honey Walnut Shrimp and this was my least favorite dish. It was just way too overly sweet. Cashew Chicken is something you should order here. The chicken tasted great and I liked the cashews. Gochujang Pork was supposed to be spicy and wasn't but tasted great. For dessert we had the Yuzu Doughnuts. They came with 5 of them all filled with yuzu cream and drizzed with more. When on this side of town I can see stopping by again.
5	I didn't know what to expect when we walked in, but I am so happy I did.  We were given a booth near the kitchen.  The experience was special from the hostess seating us, the wait-staff being funny, helpful, knowledgeable, and witty.  I like that in a wait-staff.  People who are there and make it obvious they love their job.The owner who won the contest spent some time at our table, sharing her life story, talking about the new venture she has in store and giving us recommendations on what to order.  We had so much food on our table.  Spring Rolls, soup, pork buns, duck sliders, fat noodles, kimchi, chocolate banana egg rolls.  Everything was so good; it truly is hard to pick out what my favorite was.  I would like to come back and try new dishes.
2	The hostess had absolutely no warmth.  The waiter seemed bored.  He deliverd the introduction like a robot.  The food was tasty but very small portions.  The street taco plate that we're supposed to share had 3 little tacos.  Really?  You can't give us one more taco shell?  The beef chow main had 3 small slices of beef and small slice of baby bok choy.  $31 plus tax and tip later, we left to get dinner elsewhere.  Not worth the money and not worth the hype of the T.V. show.
5	My first visit impressions of this restaurant were "OMG I know I'm going to love this place!" I was already excited when I viewed the menu and saw the mix of Asian fuzed dishes. I didn't follow the tv show Restaurant Express but saw snippets of Chef Longest making some dishes that sounded yummy! Our first server was also one of the contestants .. Eric??..sorry I didn't watch the show..but he mentioned that he was with Chef Longest on the show. He was very enthusiastic and went over the menu page by page with us. Answered our questions and gave his suggestions as well. There was a good representation of Korean, Chinese and Japanese inspired offerings. Even the desserts sounded so good! When I saw they had Green Tea Brulee, I told Mr. B I wanted that for dessert!  The prices were really reasonable. Most plates under $10.  The specialty dishes are couple dollars more ie $30 for 1 1/2lb for lobster.  That's heck inexpensive for me..(esp since Im used to paying $$) You cant go wrong with that!  It's tapas style. Small plates meant to be shared so the portions served are just right. So we could easily try all kinds of different dishes. They took our orders and spread out the order  so everything brought to our table was hot, and we got to take our time and pace ourselves since we ordered alot of food.  We ended up having a total of 11 items. 2 Specialties: Korean Style Lobster & Chinese Lemon Chicken2 Soups & Noodles: Mandarin Beef Noodle Soup & Chow Fun2 Appetizers: Duck Sliders & Chicken Lettuce Wraps2 cocktails- Asian inspired with Pomegranate and Watermelon liqueurs3 desserts --yes three... Strawberry Yuzu White Chocolate Mousse, Banana Egg Rolls, Green Tea Brulee  which was a surprise!  They gave me a complimentary dessert for my birthday! My server heard me saying I wanted it...very attentive!!The standouts and faves -  The Mandarin Beef Noodle Soup & Korean Style Lobster.I digged the Lobster dish! You are served the whole shebang! Body, legs,the tail. Sherry Soy was the sauce and  ginger was the prominent flavors I tasted.  It was tossed with some veggies but I didn't really bother with them, I was too busy digging for lobster meat, which was succulent, tasted fresh, high quality. That good!  The broth in the beef noodle soup is delicious! I .loved the herbs and spices in it. The flavors gave the beef broth  alot of depth, I want to say star anise is in it. It was so fragrant. Totally enjoyed the soup and would order it again. Mr B.s fave was the Chow Fun, I tried some, the beef is really tender. The flavors in all the appetizers we tried we both enjoyed. The only dish I probably would pass up next time is their lemon chicken.  It is very good flavoring wise, but we prefer breading that's more on the crispy side. The breading texture wise, was a little too thick for me. Desserts - I'd go again with the Strawberry Yuzu White Chocolate Mousse and Green Tea Brulee. These desserts have the right amount of sweetness and are light.  The banana chocolate eggrolls are good as well if you want a more rich, decadent chocolate treat. Service & Atmosphere -  Very nice set up! A touch of class and elegance, yet casual enough where you don't have to wear formal attire. Service was OUTSTANDING! From the minute we were greeted at front by the hostess and manager to the team of servers. Reservations were made via Opentable and when we arrived we were seated right away.  I have a  preference noted on my Opentable profile for window seating. The hosts saw that and I was given the table in the VIP area since it was the one with a view available. Very nice too, it's separate from the main dining area. Also servers were very attentive. When I pointed out to Mr. B. I want to try the Green Tea Brulee for dessert.our server must have heard me since guess what they gave me for my special birthday treat?? Great job there Team Jayde Fuzion! Best thing I like is this place is pretty reasonable. Enough so, Im adding this culinary destination to our weekly dinner rotation!
5	Great food at reasonable prices! We even got to meet the signature chef! Went there to celebrate my birthday!
1	The decor of the restaurant looks nice, however that's all that was worth the trip. First of all the restaurant is very far away from the strip and all other popular destinations. For 2 people, we ordered the dumplings, Korean noodles, and lemon chicken. The dumplings were ice cold and smelt like dog food. They are made with cheap wonton wrappers and they claim to be made with shrimp and pork, but trust me you can't taste or see any of these ingredients. The noodles were alright but too plain for the price- also the menu listed the noodles as "sweet potato noodles" but they were cellophane noodles. The chicken was a teriyaki katsu cutlet drenched in a thin translucent lemon sauce that you could easily make at home or buy at a teriyaki restaurant for a quarter of the price. Also every dish on the menu desperately needs RICE! But they don't offer it unless you ask (pay extra).The service was lousy. Although they just opened our waitress was clueless about the menu. The waiters kept having personal conversations right next to us while they were serving us. Last note: You cannot find the bathroom easily and the servers don't care to be helpful.
4	Absolutely fantastic service. My friend is a Yelp Elite and she took me to this restaurant. They treated us so good and they're food was great, too. I wasn't a fan of their dessert though.
2	Not impressed at all. Took 1 hr and 45 minutes for 4 of us. That's extremely slow for even the best steakhouses in town let alone an Asian place. We ordered around 6 items, I ate only one bite from 4 of the dishes. The fried dumplings and pork buns were the best items we had. The sauce that came with the calamari was absolutely horrid. Food was just not good enough for the wait - won't ever be back.
2	We went here for dinner for 4 and took almost 2 hours.  Most the dishes were just avg to poor with the Tempura being the best dish.  Stay away from this place for a few mos until they get their act together.
4	Jayde is located inside M resort. When I just walked into the restaurant, I was impressed by all the flowers inside the glass wall on each side of entrance hallway. I started my meal with cocktail Yuzu Rita. I am a fan of everything made with yuzu. However, I didn't enjoy this drink very much. It tasted artificial and lacked refreshing citrus flavor. I had 5 spiced duck sliders as appetizer. I didn't like this dish at all. There was no 5 spiced flavor. All I tasted was lots hoisin sauce. I also had chef's famous dish, bibimbap. It was very good! It was plating in very artistic way. I love the shiitakes in this dish. I also ordered Korean style lobster. It was very flavorful. Lobster was perfectly cooked and succulent. My only complaint would probably be its sauce. It was a bit too salty to me. I also tried seafood soup. Flavor of soup was okay. There wasn't anything special. For desserts, I had lychee ice cream and white chocolate strawberry mousse cake. Both were excellent! I had lots lychee sorbet in my life, but never had lychee ice cream before. It was light and creamy. I really enjoyed chef added some crunchiness in this dish. Strawberry mousse came in very beautiful presentation. It was made with just right amount of sweetness. Price is reasonable here. Service is very friendly and welcoming. I bump Jayde up from 3.5 to 4 stars for its great service and delicious desserts.
3	Ordered the poke salad, korean street tacos, japchae, honey walnut prawns, and sashimi.Apps:- Poke salad: beautiful presentation, good portion, fresh fish- Korean street tacos: very flavorful but the 3 pancakes kept ripping, one was brought to us already with a slit down the centerDinner:- Japchae: least favorite dish, too salty- Honey walnut prawns: Huge prawns, heavy tempura batter made them look even bigger, nice flavor- Sashimi: Ordered hamachi, toro, and albacore tuna? Hamachi was the bestService: I'm okay with waiters leaving you alone at times to enjoy your meal but our waiter was pretty much MIA. He took our drink and appetizer order first, those were brought out and finished, plates cleared, but he hasn't returned to take our dinner order. We waved someone over who turned out to be the manager, told us he'd get our waiter. When our waiter finally arrives he asks us "what else did you WANT?" like we were inconveniencing him for wanting to order more food.Summary: good food, subpar service
2	The hostesses were confused or not totally instructed to direct people to their tables. The food was actually not bad although when trying to sit I had the favor of having my fingers laced with the previous persons sauce from their meal on my hand. Other than that we the prices are too much for what you actually get. But overall the food wasn't bad.  Jayde did come out to greet her guests which was not bad but wished she did a bit more but smile and tell us to comeback after we told her about the fish scales my partner got when eating his Snapper.
5	Amazing blend of Asian Cuisine. We have been there twice and every dish was out of this world. Not one bad dish among many ordered. Some portions could be a little larger like the duck sliders which melt in your mouth but only 2 per serving. Go with people who love to share their food so you can enjoy the full experience of fusion dining. Don't be in a hurry , some dishes take a while but well worth the wait. For sure try the Korean Street Tacos!!!
2	I was so looking forward to trying this place. The decor is awesome. Here comes the bad news i guess if you dont drink alcohol at this restaurant you get bad and slow service. They wanted us out of there pretty quick the waiter took one of our plates before we finished, they took our dishes pretty quick. The food was bland i couldnt believe it. Overall i would not suggest this place unless you order drinks first. Maybe i should of worn a suit and tie.
1	My background: Eat out at least 2 times a week(many fine dining), love to cook and really enjoy delicious food and a great dining experienceGood : Nice atmosphere. Server tried to act nice.Bad : Pretty much everything else- Service: Server was not knowledgeable of the menu. Slow service. Did not seem to really care about us at all. Food was dropped on us and the individual seemed to not give 2 shits.- Food : We tried multiple dishes and everything was OK. Nothing stood out at all. Everything was relatively bland. Nothing came out hot, just room temperature really. I would not expect this quality for the price; actually I would not expect this quality for any amount of money. I can go somewhere else and  pay 10 bucks and get a meal that tastes 10 times better than this nonsense.- Overall : I really do not understand the hype. The head chef is some kind of contest winner of what not, but the food does not reflect that. Perhaps the people she is directing are not following through?.I am not writing this to hate on the place (I love M casino and have been going there for years), but just hoping others with good taste will see this and not have the same bad experience we had. What really sucks is this was my wife and I's anniversary dinner :(
1	Horrible service, small servings, overly priced. The three of us ordered the won ton soup, kimchi fried rice and the Korean japchae. When the food arrived we were 1) surprised at the small portion size and 2) found that they had forgotten about the japchae order. Instead of checking on us after we received our incorrect order, our waitress (Iris) avoided our table even after making eye contact with her twice. The two of us who received our orders waited for the third order to arrive (the polite thing to do). Fast forward 15 minutes...no third order and no Iris to be found. At this point, our food was cold and we were getting irate. Kyle, who I assume was the manager on duty, tried to smooth things over with us but it was too late. We had lost our appetite waiting for our incompetent server to appear. He comp'd our meal, which was nice of him. But we definitely won't be going back after the poor service and small portioned dishes.
5	This is a real gem hidden in plain sight.  I rarely think of venturing into a casino for a real dinner treat that isn't going to break the bank.  Jayde Fuzion, the creation of the Restaurant Express winner, Seonkyoung Longest finds its home in the M Resort.  First off, the prices are more in line with what you would expect to pay on Spring Mountain with most dishes priced $7-14.  This is a fun spot to grab a group of friends and order a variety of dishes for sharing, which allows you to try more tasty dishes.  We loved everything that we tried; you really can't go wrong here.  Some of my favorite dishes are the pork belly lettuce wraps, crab salad, 5 spice duck sliders on bao buns, and the kalbi.  On our next adventure here I plan to try the bibimbap.
1	Terrible service. I had came here for dinner with family and we all placed our orders: won ton soup, kimchi fried rice, and japchae. The food that arrived: 2 orders of won ton soup and kimchi fried rice. The person who brought the food came with 2 orders of won ton soup and kimchi fried rice. There was a very clear mistake that was made but the server just looked a little confused and took the second bowl of own ton soup back. No apologies or acknowledgment of an error was made. I assumed that he went back to get my order so I waited...and waited. No one came back to check on our table, and when we tried to get the attention of our waitress, she avoided us like the plague. Needless to say, I did not get my meal and by the time we got someone's attention, the other people in my party had finished eating. We complained to the manager and left. As far as the food goes, the won ton soup had a measly 2 won ton in it and the kimchi fried rice (which I had tasted) was absolutely nothing to write home about. It was mediocre at best. They really should tout the head chef as a tv-competition winner with food like that, and she should be ashamed of the servers who bring down her name. Bottom line, this place was very disappointing.
1	We were really looking forward to eating here since we're from the local area and love the M but it was a huge disappointment.  The service was TERRIBLY slow, the food was bland and the sushi bar blocks the best view of the strip.  After being seated, we waited almost 20 minutes just to order drinks.  When our order arrived, the waiter spilled my martini on my Coach purse.  The waiter apologized and said he'd be right back with something to clean it up.  No big deal, accidents happen.  However, it took 10 (!!!!) minutes for him to bring a napkin & selzer water.  They didn't even comp the drink despite half of it being spilled on my purse!!  The rest of the night pretty much followed suit...we ordered the street taco appetizer, a plate of the ribs (a specialty of the chef apparently) and 2 entrees.  The app came out right away and was tasty but a little cold.  Then the ribs followed quickly and were also pretty good.  But after that, things went downhill again.  It took almost 30 minutes to get the beef & noodle dish my husband ordered.  It wasn't even anything special--just noodles with marinated beef strips.  Then almost another 20 minutes after hi meal arrived for snapper I ordered to show up.  The snapper had no flavor.  Very disappointing!Over 2 hours later we still weren't out of there.  But this isn't one of those fancy restaurants where you should take your time and a meal should take 2 hours...this was just pure delay by the staff (kitchen or wait staff, we're not sure) and poor service.The M has much better choices...save your money & time and go somewhere else.
4	We were really impressed with Jayde Fuzion.  It was a Thursday night, and we couldn't decide where to eat.  After perusing the menus of most of the restaurants, we decided to give Jayde a shot.  This is a large room, with what I presume is a nice view when the sun is shining.  The chairs were VERY comfortable, which was a surprise given that they didn't have armrests, and I usually prefer an armrest.  I sunk right into this chair, and it was the perfect height for the table.We decided to go with small plates/appetizers to share.  We had (in my order of preference):  Kalbi ribs, Korean street tacos, BBQ pork buns, rock shrimp tempura, and crispy fried chicken skewers.  The ribs were fantastic, slathered in a sweet sauce that had enough heat, and they got a nice char from the grill.  I could have easily eaten the whole plate myself and added another.  Also, I felt the order size was very fair given the price.  My second favorite were the Korean street tacos.  You get 3 to an order, and quite a bit of beef.  The sriracha lime sauce went great with the beef and crispy veggies.  They are served with a scallion pancake, which I didn't really taste.  But, the rest of the dish was so great I didn't miss it.The buns were solid, but it was a lot of bun to not much filling.  The rock shrimp was pretty standard, you can get this dish a lot of places.  They are served with a sort of thai chili sauce, which was great, but like I said, it's pretty standard.  The chicken skewers were a miss for us.  We didn't care for the sauce, and the chicken wasn't (or didn't appear to be) seasoned prior to frying.  These were way better than what you would get at a fast food joint, but we were not in a fast food joint.  So, I expected more.Service was attentive, and they took a great team approach.  Plates were constantly taken off of our table, and we never went long needing a refill.  We'd certainly eat here again.
4	I brought my hubby here for a pre V day dinner. It wasn't so bad. Food was great. I had made my reservation online. The hosts up front need to have a little bit more class, if you ask me. They brought us to our table and my husband thought it to be a lil small, which he was right. So the host asked us to return to the front and wait until the table next to us would take "5" minutes to clean up and prepare. Well that "5"minutes turned out to be "25" minutes. Once seated, our server was great and the food was great also. I would definitely return and bring my family too.
5	We were very impressed with our experience. The food was absolutely amazing, wonderful flavor, and presentation. Also very pleased with the service of the staff, everyone was very nice and helpful, esp coming from someone who works in the service industry I can 100% say we enjoyed our experience. We will be back! Thank you !
5	This was a dining experience way out of our usual comfort zone. However we were big fans of the Restaurant Express show so wanted to try it. The room is beautiful and the service made our night very special. Our server Rose really helped us select some of the best offerings. She was so helpful in trying to discover what our tastes were and what we might enjoy. Her suggestions were great! We ended up ordering five different selections without being pressured to do so and each one had something special about it. Things were timed perfectly and brought out and cleared away in a timely manner. We were not drinking alcohol so as to be able to fully enjoy the flavors presented and were not rushed in any way. We enjoyed the food and the presentation. And we had actually budgeted a lot more than our bill was! So we ended up feeling as if we got a lot of value for the amount of food we had.  It was a lot of fun for us to try new things and we would highly recommend this place. We wish Seonkyoung Longest the very best of luck and happiness with her beautiful restaurant.!
3	The food was pretty average. Fortunately the prices were reasonable so I felt it was fair.  They are lacking on the custom cocktail department.  The bar made a decent gimlet however.  The best thing we had was the geisha roll.
4	We had a great evening with friends and some very good food! Large, modern and comfortable. Excellent service. Large glasses of wine! Sharing plates have a nice variety, good quality and flavors were excellent. Nothing "bland" like others have said ... not too spicy - just right for our palates. Plum wine was a nice treat - sweet but right with Asian food. Prices are about what you'd expect at an upscale resort restaurant. Will definitely go back.
2	My hubs and I came here on a date night, a Saturday to be exact and it wasn't really that busy. We checked in and had to wait a few minutes.  No biggie. We were put at a table for two right by the main kitchen artery. i.e. all the servers walked past us with the dirty dishes. Not wonderful. We decided we were going to experiment with our order a bit, ya know, try a little of as much as we could. Of the signature dishes we ordered the Samgyeopsal Lettuce wraps which we were told by our fantastic waiter (Eric) was one of the dishes that helped the chef win the show.  Also, we ordered Edamame and Steamed BBQ pork buns. The Lettuce wraps were labeled as spicy.  We got no spice.  They were rather bland and really just like any off the market lettuce wraps.  Now, the steamed BBQ pork buns were just horrid.  There was a load of bun and almost no pork filling.  Disappointing. For our main course we were going to go with the Gochujang Pork but after the disappointing appetizers we decided we would go with the easier choice of Beef and Broccoli and ordered a Jayde Roll off the sushi menu. The Jayde roll was just fantastic!! Nummy nummy!  The Beef and Broccoli was going along with the rest of the night, bland and really no flavor. Seriously, you would think they couldn't ruin a signature asian dish but yeppers they did. I give this place two stars because the service from Eric was just outstanding.  He checked on us regularly, kept our tea and soda filled up and was just an all around nice guy. We of course will not be going back.  It was too expensive to have to deal with bland and boring.
5	Impeccable service and the food was great. We had the street tacos and the tempura. We can't wait to come back and try something else.
5	After reading the recent reviews, we were contemplating canceling our reservation. That would have been a huge mistake. We were seated at a table that provided us with a view of the setting sun. Our waiter, Ian, was knowledgable of the menu and made valid suggestions on choices that complemented our selections. Ian was attentative but not intrusive, allowing us to enjoy our dining experience. Our group "sampled" many menu items. We shared Duck Sliders, Dumplings, Crab Salad, and the Cucumber Salad. Next we enjoyed the Street Tacos followed by Chow Fun Noodles, Walnut Prawns and Duck Tacos. All selections were fresh, seasoned well and were easily shared. Our experience was EXCELLENT! Thank you Ian for making our evening such an enjoyable time.
4	My hubby and I went here last night, I wanted to try this since it opened.  We had a 6PM reservation and showed up early...no problems.  They seated us at a table for two and suggested a few menu items.  They also told us wine was 1/3 off for bottles, so we got a bottle of sav blanc for only 23 dollars.  We ordered the Korean tacos, Kalbi ribs and Chow fun.  We have been to Korea, and this was spot on!  Hubby loved his chow fun, and I enjoyed the kalbi....the Korean tacos were a little cold, but they still tasted very good with fresh veggies and the sauce.  Probably the only reason I am not giving this place five stars.  Our waiter was just fantastic, and he allowed us to take our wine onto the floor after dinner in their nice wine glasses.  We love the M casino and now we know about this gem....will definitely return!
3	For a restaurant touted for unique fusion cuisine I found it rather underwhelming. We ordered flat noodles, fusion lettuce wraps, and dim sum siao mai. The wraps had buffalo wings type meat in them along with kim chi and rice. I wasn't a fan as the meat was dry and the rice just made the entire dish drier. Hole in the wall komex does the same thing but much better. The other dishes were pretty good but nothing spectacular. I could find equally good foods in china town easily. Nice decor though.
4	I used to be a Palazzo Hotel guest regular until I discovered M Resort Hotel...c'mon free comp room..now how could anyone pass that up right?  =)  The Studio B buffet  is a great staple but really wanted to try Jayde Fuzion.  I watched a few episode of Food Network "Restaurant's Express and so that's how i knew of the Executive Chef for this restaurant. Of course it was a plus she was Korean...gotta support my peoples :)We arrived right when they opened (5pm) so there was no wait! As i skimmed through the menu, i saw alot of authetic korean dishes in which was awesome. I was quite interested in seeing how they would execute the taste since I grew up with Korean food. The portions were smaller than i'm used to but the flavor of everything was superb! This is what we ordered:Korean Lobster-This dish reminded me of many chinese type dishes i've had in the past with the usual ginger and soy sauce base flavor but i love how they added a twist by making it korean, as it's name, by adding some korean pork, spices and veggies. There wasn't that much lobster pieces but in other restaurant dishes....they really isn't in the first place. I would definately eat this again...but maybe next time i'll order two for just myself..oink oink!Pork Wrap-This was a fancy upgrade to what i'm used to, Samgyupsal (korean name for it). It tasted the similar but again with special additional ingredients.  Nice appetizer instead of just a salad. They give you four pieces. Kalbi Rib-This was sweeter than the normal kalbi i'm used to. The beef quality was great but i wasn't really digging the extra sweetness. You can definately taste the kalbi that you usually eat but with a thicker teriyaki like sauce. I would've like them to have brought this out with white rice or something to neutralize the sweetness.Kimchee Fried Rice-This was my absolute favorite of the dishes! OMG it's just like mom makes it but this extra spice/seasoning that kicks you to want more in your mouth. CRACK would be a better word. More please?!?!?!?!?Since it seems like they have mostly korean dishes, i wish the name and decor was more "korean" themed though.They have the green for chinese and the cherry blossoms for japanese......Oh well maybe later if they ever remodel. =)
1	If I could give no stars I would... just because you call it fusion doesn't make it acceptable to butcher 3 main Asian culinary genres.  The "mandarin beef noodle soup" is Vietnamese PHO, so just call it pho. The sushi was so dry and brittle our party of 3 couldn't even finish 1 roll. To call this Japanese food is a disgrace to the culture,  using long grain Thai rice for a sushi roll made it inedible. Their beef chow fun noodles were undercooked and the beef tasted like pot roast. Their won ton noodle soup... broth with doughy noodles and won tons made for deep frying. If you have any respect for authentic asian food you would do better to find a spot on the strip than make a trip out here. Try the noodle house in the Venetian that should hit the spot.
4	We went early on a Tuesday night when the restaurant was slow and our service was great. Eric our server knew the menu and specials well and was happy to recommend things. Isaac our busboy was very attentive as well. We got the lucky seven roll that was on special and it was fantastic. We ordered the Kalbi ribs, kimchi fried rice, BBQ pork buns and the red snapper. The ribs and the kimchi rice were delicious- right on point. The red snapper didn't have much flavor unless you swiped across the sauce on the plate a few times. The BBQ pork buns were awful, barely any meat or sauce at all. The worst part is they were recommended. Overall, we enjoyed our experience and will come back soon.
2	Let's just say it like this... if you are Asian, or have a solid grasp of Asian cuisine then it is very likely that this place will not impress you the slightest. Your spread over numerous different menus from Korean, Japanese, Chinese, you get the idea and none of it is really on point. The location in the M Resort is very clean, well staffed for the most part and managed but the food falls very very short of delicious. Might i suggest they put a plum wine by the glass instead of the standard white and red options as this is an Asian restaurant and that would be helpful to a small couple that doesnt want a whole bottle. I have eaten here on a number of occasions, one of them being my Korean grandmothers birthday since she was staying at M it was quite convenient. We ordered the Kalbi for the table, which was VERY fatty and although had flavor was quite salty. My grandmother made the comment of the Kalbi from the buffet having better quality cuts of short ribs which is pretty sad honestly. We ordered the Bibimbap which certainly was not authentic and the meat was a bit off, as well as the HARD rice that was used. My spicy seafood stew which seemed like a mix of Ramen and Jjampong, where the broth wasnt total shiet the noodles were still in the SQUARE block as if they took them out the package and forgot to cook them. I refuse to eat here again, its simply not worth the efforts to take a chance on this place. The food is not executed well, and quite tasteless in most cases. Its a shame since the location is quite nice.
3	Was curious of trying this place since the Food Network show "Restaurant Express"..I just wasn't impressed.. Pricey... Friendly staff but a tad bit on the slow side.. Restaurant itself was a cool setup..What we had :Started off with - Yuzu Rita! This was a delicious, salted-rim-and-all twist on margarita!- Duck Sliders (roasted Peking duck, vegetables in a bao bun) ; quite tasty!- Samgyeopsal Lettuce Wraps (pork belly, veggies, rice wrapped in lettuce, of course) ; mediocre.. nothing special about the pork belly and WHY THE RICE??- Pan Fried Dumplings (aka potstickers) ; came out really cold, took a while to get our waitress attention to hopefully get a new one, when it was exchanged... it was ok, I've had better at Panda Express, lol.Then...- Chicken Fried Skewers ; the chicken was moist and the "almost" sweet and sour sauce that came with it was tasty.- Should be called "Make It Yourself" Street Tacos - wasn't a fan of having to work for my food, but beef was good and tender.- Rock Shrimp Tempura ; overbreaded, big pieces of shrimp, but was paired with a good sauce.- Crab Salad ; although I did not have a taste of it, I guess the presentation was good- Wonton Soup ; I've had betterDesserts ...- Green Tea Creme Brulee ; presentation could be a lot better, the "green tea" was almost brown tea, nonetheless good and not too sweet.- White Chocolate Strawberry Yuzu Mousse ; very pretty but taste was ok..OVERALL, I'll pass.. Sorry Seonkyung..
3	Went here for mothers day. Was a bit surprised to see that the restaurant was not as busy as other places usually are.Had four people in my party and we shared all the dishes we ate. The Kimchi fried rice and Thai basil fried rice were quite tasty. I'm generally not a huge fan of rice but these two had great flavors within them. The Korean street tacos were amazing! The bulgogi beef was well marinated and cooked. I enjoyed seeing the Korean style pancake used as the 'shell' for the tacos. The Kimchi they used was a very 'fresh' kimchi (not fermented). I'm not a big fan of this style of kimchi but to each their own.The wait staff was very attentive. I rarely had a empty dish at my table, empty wine glass or empty glass of water. I felt like the waiter was always there when I needed him. So excellent customer service!In closing the reason why I couldn't give this place a higher rating is simply how expensive it is. The Cost to food ratio is very high. I did not like that each item was around 12-25$ and i felt like it barely could feed one person. They should either lower the prices slightly or up the portion size a bit.
5	After eating at numerous locales in Vegas, we decided to try this one as it was in the hotel that we were staying in. The great and powerful "M" resort.  The Korean street tacos were so good that we had to have two orders every time that we visited and we visited four times in three days. The prices are so reasonable and everything that we had was soooooo good. My boyfriend tried at least four dishes every visit. The only thing that I did not like was the sushi and that is because I don't like it.
5	Hands down the best contemporary Asian restaurant in the Henderson/Las Vegas area.I came here with my family. Since it's a Wednesday night, the restaurant wasn't that full. Everything in the restaurant, from the food to the presentation of the restaurant, is very well-done. The waiters were very nice to us, and they even explained some items that were on the menu as well as some items that weren't on the menu. They also came by our table a few times just to check up on us and ask about the quality of the food. The food was also brought out very quickly.Every food item on the menu is made to share with others, so I recommend coming with a group instead of with just one other person. I can't recommend just one menu item because all of the items I've had were really good. I had the duck sliders, the Korean street tacos, the M Girl roll, the spicy tuna hand roll, the Surf n' Turf roll, and the chow fun. Savor each bite you take out of every food you eat because there is so much to taste, especially in the sushi. The only bad thing I have to say is that the chow fun noodles are chewy, but the beef in the chow fun is just plain savory and excellent. The strawberry shortcake we had for dessert was heavenly.Even though the M Resort is pretty out of the way, and the food can get pricey, I strongly recommend coming here at least once.
3	Jayde Fuzion, of course, is the result of M Resort's longstanding partnership with the Food Network and its reality series "Restaurant Express." Chef Seonkyoung Longest, also of course, won the TV competition and the privilege of opening a restaurant at the M. Be careful what you wish for, as Jayde Fuzion faces stiff competition inside the resort, notably from the M Buffet.The sushi was excellent, the equal of any in town. We had a spider (soft shell crab) roll and a rainbow roll to complement our meal.Next up were appetizers, lettuce wraps and chicken satay. Both were delicious, a little vinegary like you would expect of Korean food, not too overwhelming.Our entrees were honey walnut prawns (6 extra large); and pepper filet medallions.The honey walnut prawns ($19) were about the same as at other Asian restaurants such as PF Chang's.The three pepper medallions ($29) weren't too peppery, but they were small, and the dish came with maybe a tablespoon of excellent stir-fried veggies. We would have liked to have had more.Although we ordered two sushi rolls, two appetizers, and two entrees, we didn't get enough to eat. There's no rice on the menu except what comes with your sushi, and specialty fried rices ($12-19). Unlike PF Chang's that serves plain white or brown rice with entrees -- you can't get plain rice here at any price. This is a cheap stunt to up your bill by forcing you to buy specialty fried rice if you want rice.There are only a few vegetables, I think Chinese broccoli, bok choy, and green beans.The three pepper medallions ($29) weren't too peppery, but they were small, and the dish came with maybe two tablespoons of excellent stir-fried veggies. We would have liked to have had more.The bill came to $115 for two with one dessert and two iced teas. BTW we loved the fresh iced tea.As of June 1, Jayde Fuzion will compete with AYCE sushi restaurants such as Oyshi and Goyemon by offering AYCE sushi plus free sake for $25, assuming you're 21 and are willing to eat at the sushi bar. This may be a recognition that other AYCE sushi restaurants are Jayde Fuzion's rivals in the marketplace.What's really missing from Jayde Fuzion's business model is a reason for anyone to go back a second time. If one is visiting the M, why not their excellent buffet, for half the price? Why not a nearby AYCE sushi restaurant for $30 all in? The market for Jayde Fuzion may be limited to people who want to check out the Restaurant Express winner, and people who are staying at the hotel and who don't have a car (and who can afford the relatively high price).
4	Great food classy atmosphere weekday all u can eat sushi and sake special is well worth it
2	Why did i come back here? Because they had all-you-can-eat sushi and i figured why not give it a whirl. Bad idea! Im surprised people are saying this stuff is any good, but then again quite a few people dont really have a clue either. - Fresh Water Eel - Weird texture, and tasted fatty or oily in the skin- Spicy tuna - Very off texture and lacking - Surf & Turf roll - A MESS of SAUCE...just drenched in sauce that i couldnt eat it - All rolls with sauce - Too much sauce! The nigiri is the only thing i finished with given its hard to mess that up since there isnt any sauce, its just simple rice and fish. If you must go here, stick this route for your own good. As for the management, fill your soy sauce bottles! Around the ENTIRE sushi bar we have a total of a combined half bottle of soy, spread over the 6 bottles at the bar.
5	We celebrated a dear friend's birthday and truly enjoyed every dish!We ordered ahi poke, chicken wraps, chow fun, honey walnut shrimp and BBQ pork bun. The best part was the dessert!! WhiteChocolate strawberry yuzu mousse:) must have:)
3	Gave this place a try. Service was a littleSlow, sushi was pretty good but limited menu. Also ordered the basic beef and broccoli. I would not recommend unless you like oily beef and limp broccoli. I POURED the grease off my plate. The chef was good about offering a replacement but by that time I had lost my appetite.
1	I can't write about the food, because I left before we even got sat. But we got there at 6, and at that point, it was a potentially an hour wait. We had issues with even giving the hostess our phone number. I walked away thinking that I wouldn't even get called due to the fact that she kept getting our number wrong. Sure enough, after 40 min, we went back to see how long the wait was, and she apologized. She apologized that she called our number and it was the wrong number. She would seat as soon as she could. That turned into another 45 min. We joined a group of people leaving for the same reason. The wait. I'm sure the food is good, but I didn't get the chance to try it. We went to Anthony's and got sat right away. Great food. Great service. The only thing was the selection was minimal for $25. Even Sushi Mon had a better selection for $21.
1	We eat at most sushi place in town and thhis is the worse sushi place.  Chef wasn't friendly.  Ayce menu had little selections and lots lots of rice.  All the roll taste the same.  We can't order dinnner menu items at the sushi bar.  So if anyone doesn't eat sushi in your party they need to sit by themself.  Do not waste your money. I'm beeing nice with 1 star.
1	I'm sure people in Vegas seen the billboards along the I-15 regarding the new AYCE with sake for $24.95 at Jayde Fuzion at the M Resort recently.  My husband and I figured we'd go try it since we love sushi.  FOOD (Quality/Temp/ - the food quality is questionable.  There were some things that we're pretty good and other things that were just pretty bad.  The AYCE includes (1) super extra small Carafe of sake (enough for 2 regular sake cups) per person, (1) miso soup per person and their very limited menu includes about 8 roll selections (optional handroll) and 8 Nigiri selection.  I had 1 spoonful of the miso soup and I pushed it away.  The shiitake mushroom was from dehydrated mushroom which is normally fine however they didn't rehydrate it enough so it that rough chewy texture.    The carafe of sake that is part of the price is valued at $20 (this is the price stated specific on their advertisement around the casino).  Yet the waitress said the sake carafe for that size is $10 if we wanted to purchase additional sake.  The rolls we did order from the AYCE menu weren't all bad.  What I didn't like was that they had common rolls (California roll, Spicy Tuna roll, and Spyder roll) as part of this already limited AYCE Menu.  The Nigiri were huge and not the best quality.  You can see from the texture, taste and smell of the fish in the roll and nirgi wasn't up to par as they advertise on the M resort Chef's quote that they fly the best quality in daily.  The already questionable fish and soft shell crab didn't go any better with the burnt plastic smell from their torch the sushi chefs were using.  SERVICE:Hostess - when we first got there, there was 1 person waiting already and a few couples arrived after we got there.  There was a line and no hostess... great start!  When the hostess finally arrived she ignored the first guest until I told her speak to her first since she was here first.  When we were getting seated it really bothered me that she didn't ask if we wanted to eat at the bar or not, she just automatically sat us there.  Waitress - she was nice enough but she didn't know how to approach guest.  She would serve between the guests of the same party when there were vacant seats around.  I mean, who wouldn't want to be elbowed while getting a water refill? Sushi Chef - they were polite and very accommodating when my husband wanted to make the nirigi into a hand roll.  I don't fault them for the quality of the sushi since its not their fault they have to work with inferior products.  This is one of the places where I'm glad I went cause than I wouldn't have to wonder about it anymore.  However I would never tell anyone to come here to eat.  I'd definitely go to Sushi Bomb,  Sushi Mon (East side) or even drive always the way to the north side for Sushi Tachi!!
4	I've been wanting to come to Jayde Fuzion since seeing the Food Network show that chose the head chef.  The winner of that contest has already departed, but M Resort has kept Jayde around.  Jayde has recently started an all-you-can-eat sushi option for Sunday-Thursday, so we decided to give this a shot.First things first.  The AYCE option is only available at the sushi bar - which only seats 11.  We expected to walk up and sit down on a sunday evening.  Hold it right there.  Do we want to be added to the waiting list?  Who knew there would be a 90 minute wait on a sunday.  We toughed it out and were rewarded with a much shorter 35 minute wait.When you order the AYCE option you are given a bowl of miso soup and a carafe of sake.  You fill out a slip to give to your server or you can order directly from the chefs.  One downside - no sashimi orders.  Only rolls and nigiri.  Another downside is the variety of rolls to order.  Places like Yama or Kaizen have 30+ rolls to choose from in all varieties of wackiness.  Jayde has about 10 and they're all pretty standard.One of the standout rolls was the humble california roll.  At this point we're so used to having average california rolls that getting a good one really took us by surprise.  Another tasty surprise was the Surf & Turf roll - a spicy tuna roll with seared kobe on top.  One major negative of this roll is that the kobe was seared on the roll with a blowtorch and you can definitely taste the butane flavor.  Not overly appetizing.I can't speak to the regular menu at Jayde Fuzion, but the all-you-can-eat sushi option is amazing.  Extremely high quality ingredients in a room with a killer view.  Free soup and sake.  All for $25.  You really can't go wrong, as long as make sure to get your name on the waiting list.
1	Worst sushi we've ever had. I'm not sure if we are extra picky coming from California but it just want good. The yellowtail tuna was tough like chicken and the salmon was dyed red. The only positive was the friendly staff. Sorry-Jayde Fuzion..you should do better.
5	I really loved this restaurant.We ordered edamame to start, along with the Korean street tacos and the asparagus tempura with preserved lemon.  I highly recommend both of these dishes, they were very good.  We got three sushi rolls - the M Girl, Fusion Roll, and I can't remember the name of the other one - all of them were excellent.My husband had told them it was my birthday when he made the reservation, so they came out with a surprise dessert - some kind of mousse with red stuff on the outside and fresh strawberries.  It tasted just like a strawberry shortcake and it was also awesome.Our dining experience was great - not only was the food good but I thought the service was very good as well.  Many places we've been can't seem to get the mix right between being attentive and leaving us to enjoy ourselves, but this place did.  Enjoy!
1	Don't advertise All You Can Eat on billboards and then limit it only to the 9 spots at the bar.  Then day you don't take names on a waiting list. There's no way a party greater than four can be served here... Did not feel welcome
4	I'm going to be tuff on this place because it took the spot of my favorite Italian restaurant, Marinellis. The service was VERY slow, like ridiculously slow. The food was great though, fresh and the menu has a large variety. We tried about 5 items and by far the beef and broccoli was outstanding...the best I've ever had, tender and extremely flavorful.
2	I have to admit that the restaurant has a great atmosphere and the decor is very impressive. (Minus the fact that I felt like I was in an Italian restaurant because the way the table settings are arranged) it must be because that used to be the spot for the Marinellis restaurant which served Italian food. We went there because they have a "all you can eat sushi + free sake" there's a catch... The menu is super reduced and poor and almost every roll is just pure rice and a lot of nothing inside! Maybe 8 different cut rolls and the most simple ones. The flavor wasn't there and the stiff staff didn't help. Oh and if you order another round of sake, they charge you! Only one free sake per person. The all you can "kind of" eat is at the bar so there's like a dozen of seats only. There were no Japanese customers in the restaurant which says a lot about the authenticity of their food. Sad but not coming back.
3	I feel like if you're going to offer AYCE you should not restrict it to the bar. Be an AYCE place or don't. I made a reservation to sit at the bar knowing that you could only participate there. They do not have it stated anywhere on their opentable that reservations aren't accepted for the bar. I was told I had to wait an hour by a hostess with a somewhat snippy attitude. I understand I suppose. I used to be a hostess at an AYCE place and it was terrible. But regardless update your opentable to say there's no reservations at the bar.
1	Let me start by saying, this is the first 1 star review I've ever given. That single sentence should speak for itself, but for those that prefer details please read on.My girlfriend and I have been dying to try this place for sometime, the planets line up correctly and we decided to give it a go... SERVICE-We arrived at 5:30 on a weekday evening. the Hostess was friendly and somewhat prompt. as we we seated at our table, we noticed the Sushi bar was full but the dining room had vast seating. While the hostess selected for a very small table in direct sunset sunlight, we redirected her to a more spacious booth in a more comfortable area.We were told the usual "your server will be with you in just a moment" ... 30 mins later no one had even taken our drink order. This wasn't because they were swamped, there may have been 8 tables occupied at the time, but because our server was more interested in being a social butterfly than attending to our table.Once we complained, the Chef came out to apologize. Nice enough guy and I would've been alright with things except instead of acknowledging the poor service, he made the excuse for his staff that there had been a "simultaneous seating" which was FAR from true. At this point, I was truly looking forward to an exceptional and interesting meal. Oh the dreams of fools...FOOD -For Appetizers, we opened with the Grilled 5 Spice Lamb Chops and the Korean Street Tacos. Both were just okay. Not as much flavor as I was expecting/hoping for. Best thing was the salad that accompanied the Lamb ChopsNext we grabbed a couple of rolls of Sushi, The M Girl and a Geisha Girl. The sushi rolls were actually the best part of the meal and if by some odd twist of fate I end up in this place again, that is all I would have!In the Rice/Noodles area we tried a couple of "hard to get wrong" basic dishes, Chinese Fried Rice and Pad Thai Noodles. Both of these dishes were horrible to the point of complaint. They were both flavorless and greasy/oily. Just really poorly prepared and we had them removed from the bill.For entrees, we tried the Beef & Broccoli along with the Crispy Fried Tai Snapper. Both had potential, but the sauces used were just way too sugary and sweet. I swear, the sauce on the snapper tasted like a diluted, warmed, jam.ATMOSPHEREMost disappointing thing here wasn't even at our table, but directly in front of us. The hostess continued to seat patrons in a seating area where the refused to lower the blinds, though the dining area is surrounded by windows. We watched 3 sets of tables complain about the blinds while the 6:30-7:30 July western sun beamed down on them without mercy. No one in the establishment seemed to even care no matter what was said to them.Enter this establishment only if want to extend a horrible night at the tables and make it even worse. Invested $150+ and gained the knowledge that I will never set foot in the place on my own accord again.
5	Absolutely delicious!! Their sushi is always on point, the Korean street tacos are to die for, and the broccoli and beef melts in your mouth it's so good!!! This is a wonderful atmosphere to go to on a date night! (I've only been to the M casino location)
5	We started off with they called Jayde Favorites. Well guess what? They are my favorites too. We started with the Chicken lettuce wraps. They were moist and flavorful.  They weren't skimpy on the portion sized either. We moved onto the hot & sour soup.  Very delightful and to top it off they make their own tofu here.  So bold and so delicious. Have you ever felt like a side of green beans? Me either, but I ordered them anyways and thank goodness we did.  Still had plenty of crunch to them which is a nice change from a doggy over cooked green bean.  Oh then they brought me a little teaser of kimchi.  Hello tummy here it comes. If that wasn't enough goodness we got the Wagyu Beef Kalbi Ribs.  Oh yeah another winner. They were tender, juicy, and seasoned with the perfect amount of seasonings and top with a teriyaki sauce that wasn't one of those heavy over baring sauces.  Then to complete this buffet of happiness on our table we were also blessed with one if the better tasting Thai Basil Fried Rice.  Right up my alley no eggWe would totally come back
3	This place is decent. Hit and miss on a lot of stuff.
2	I wanted to try this place for the all-you-can-eat sushi, but found you have to sit at the bar and there was limited seating.  At least the waiter mentioned that the undersized food was family style.  The service was all right, but I left feeling dissatisfied due to the overpriced food.
3	We were in the M casino and they had a deal where if you signed up for a card and played an hour of table games you got $30 off at Jayde.  We applied it for the all you can eat sushi and we also got one sake drink. We sat the sushi counter where we can watch them make the sushi.   It's really confusing of which plate is ours after they are done making.  Also, it seemed like they lost an order between our plates because we waited a long while in between plates.   It was not even particularly busy the night we went.  Pros: -Made to order all you can eat sushi.  - Fish was tasty. -Good deal for all you can eat sushiCons: - Rice was a little on the hard side.  - Wait was long in between orders.  We're from out of town(isn't everyone in Vegas?), but unless you're at the hotel or want something a little quieter away from the strip this place isn't too bad.
2	I'm probably like most of you.  I read the reviews of this place, mostly bad or mediocre at best, but decided to come anyway because (1) it's all you can eat sushi and sake for $24.99!!, and (2) how bad could sushi at a nice resort from a Food Network chef actually be???  Came here on a Wednesday night at 7pm and the place was empty, which should have been my first clue that I needed to run and run FAST, but we stayed anyway.  Things you should know if you are considering this crappy restaurant:  First, the "all you can eat sushi" only includes about 6 rolls and 5 nigiri options.  And of the 6 rolls, 3 are almost identical to one another in composition.  The fish is mediocre in quality and the rolls themselves were damn near inedible.  Second, the sake is the bottom of the barrel crap that I wouldn't pour my worst enemy.  It's almost undrinkable it's that bad.  Third, the service bites big time.  We were given our drinks (barely, after 15 minutes of waiting) and never saw the guy again until it was time for our check.  Another minor irritation was that I was charged $11 for my glass of wine.  No wine list, so I just ordered the house red, but of course I was upcharged for something fancy.  I gave one extra star for the view, which is nice.  Otherwise this place isn't worth the space in the casino, don't waste your time.  PS, if you're looking for a good deal on sushi Monday-Wednesday drive down the road to Island Sushi for their 50% off ALL rolls.  Their sushi is amazing and well worth the money and you can get plenty for $24.99 a person.
4	Great atmosphere, good food, decent prices, service is average. The egg rolls were above average, and the kimchi rice was superb. My companion had the Chinese fried rice and was not disappointed.
3	Went here last night for AYCE at the sushi bar. I was originally going to order ramen and our waiter was pretty adamant that it was not good and instead recommended other soups for me to try. I've had waiters recommend different items before, but none had ever been so blatant as this guy. I appreciated his opinion yet at the same time felt it was incredibly strange being warned not to order a specific dish. So I took his advice and opted for the AYCE sushi.We enjoyed their AYCE menu. The various appetizers, nigiri, and two rolls we ordered were all quite good. Both the sushi and nigiri were rather large, meaning big individual pieces with a lot of rice. I tend to prefer smaller pieces so that I can try a larger variety of items rather than getting full so easily on larger portions.Another tiny negative was that we had to wait a few minutes for the hostess to appear. Obviously it is quite normal to have to wait for your table, but someone should always be up front to take your name down or at least greet you. I don't think I've ever seen a dine-in restaurant with a completely empty hostess stand before and just found it very unusual.I thought the food and atmosphere overall was nice, but something about the experience was just a bit off. I personally had a good time, so I'm not sure to be honest. But I would be happy to come here again and give the a la carte menu a try (prices look pretty good).
5	The all you can eat sushi bar for $24 is well worth it! Delicious big rolls with excellent flavor. Service was excellent. Free saki with the meal!
1	Let me first disclose that I did not even get to eat there.  This one star is for the heavily advertised 'ALL YOU CAN EAT' with included Sake on billboards along St. Rose highway, as well as on signs throughout the M property.  I have tried to eat here (just the all you can eat) twice to no avail.  When you go there, they only offer it at the bar/counter (not even the entire bar, just one half of it) and are asked to wait if it is full (and it always is, because the seating is so limited!).  Nevermind that the rest of the dining area is open with lots of seats, they will only offer it at the bar.  Also, if there is a wait, you must wait there or lose your place.  They have no waiting list, nothing to take names, and the hostess just assures you that she'll remember who arrived first.  It really makes no sense.  I almost gave in to be seated in the restaurant and simply order off the regular menu, but because this was my second crack at this place, I was completely turned off, and didn't even want to eat there at all.  Perhaps this sounds like sour grapes, and maybe it is, but for as HEAVILY as they advertise the All You Can Eat option, they provide really no availiability.
5	Great quality of fish for the AYCE and their Al La Carte Menu.  Fantastic service and friendly sushi chefs.All you can eat Uni....What?!?!? Yes Uni, is all you can eat! I hate all you can eat but decided to try it here and wasn't disappointed.
4	They have some pretty crispy buzz worthy wings on their appetizer menu, which in my opinion is top shelf important information and deserves four stars. From years of experience I've learned that a good chicken wing can cure the blues (or a post thanksgiving hangover hosted at your house with the divorced in laws in attendance ). We ordered some drinks,obviously, and one of them was this lemon style martini. The glass was really cool, it looked like a martini glass inside a tall glass. The actual drink was awful (not everything can have inner beauty) tasted like that medicine the doc prescribes when you have strep throat mixed with horse radish. That for me wasn't a deal breaker though because I can imagine some bitter old cat women potentially enjoying that drink, just didn't cut it for my high brow taste buds. The chicken lettuce wraps were good, but I mean how much can one really expect out of a chicken lettuce wrap ya know? They cure hunger, they do their thing, bravo. The other people I was with ordered some sushi and literally inhaled it. I'm not sure if they loved it because they're the type of guys that would eat garbage if it had a good sauce drizzled on top. I can say that the presentation was nice and it looked enjoyable. Oh ya, the server told us that the ramen was gross there so I'd advise you to steer clear. Tip-Half off all appetizers on certain days at the bar. There was a sign with the info but I only had a few active brain cells at the time so it wasn't lasting information.The food was good. You might as well try it. I can tell you've already watched everything on Netflix so just get off the couch and go enjoy a local happy hour will ya?
2	Went with a buddy to check out the AYCE.  You must sit at the sushi bar for AYCE.  The menu is very limited compared to most AYCE places in the valley.  They do have some appetizers that other places do not - like steamed pork buns!  The fish was very fresh and the staff was courteous.  The few rolls they did have were average at best - we tried 5 rolls between us, and didn't find any that we had to have again.  Even the nigiri sushi selection was limited.  Neither of us felt the menu was special enough to come back.
1	This review is solely based on their AYCE sushi. When we got here the place was very quiet and not alot of people were eating. We have been so excited to try this place but haven't gotten around to it and finally saw the huge billboard and took it as a sign to eat here. When we first were greeted the hostess took us to the back and was going to sit us at the bar. We asked if we could get a table instead and she said well no all the sushi is eaten at the bar. Then we looked around and saw a few other tables that people were eating sushi at.Shen then proceeded to say that she could seat us at a table but that "It would be more convenient for us in case we get a group of 4 or something". This was told to us even though there was only 3 other tables occupied out of the maybe 30 they have. Regardless we sat at the bar and ordered away. The pork buns and eggrolls were delicious but that it pretty much where it ends.The selection of rolls was extremely limited and had maybe 10 options to choose from. I get it, they were made with good ingredients but nothing tasted extraordinary to be a good sushi AYCE place. The chefs that were preparing it seemed miserable and no smiles at all when the sushi was brought to us. If I wanted mediocre sushi and frowning faces, I would have easily just gone to a closer place for a cheaper price instead of driving all the way out the the M for this kind of service.Also, unfortunately, there is not dessert that is included in the AYCE menu :/ So disappointed in this. May come back and order from regular menu but never again for the sushi AYCE. There are better, cheaper, more delicious options out there.
4	Food was good. Had all you can eat sushi was worth the $24.99 prices of thing that we were disappointed with was the rice was soggy. Too much water when they cooked it's but everything else it was good . Ambience was awesome . Service was awesome. Would definitely go back again
1	Even tho there are empty seats they will not seat you forcing you the bar to spend more $$. They don't care so stay away now !!
1	We came here for AYCE - 24.95 plus free sake.* The AYCE menu is EXTREMELY limited: 9 small plates, 10 rolls, 10 nigiri choices (This is the wrost AYCE menu I have seen but then again I stay away from sushi in casinos.)* You get one large 'complementary' hot sake per person.(It was NOT hot; it was barely warm and cold after 10 minutes.)Pros:The quality was good, not great.The rice was sticky.Cons:* We could not tell the difference between the seaweed salad and cucumber salad. We had to ask the waitress which one was which. They were both 95% LETTUCE and rather nasty..* Our waitress was not nice.* We tried ordering a second seaweed salad without dressing (thinking there might be more seaweed in this one...) and we received TWO cucumber salads.* The nigiri had A LOT of rice. So too did the rolls.There are SO many better sushi places in Vegas, even if you have to pay for the sake! I think this is one of the worst sushi experiences I have ever had...
1	The reason why is because when I tasted the food it tasted like garbage. I tried the honey cashew chicken no taste just flan
5	All you can eat sushi for $25, even on a limited menu, is a good deal. That, and the complimentary bottle of sake per person earns this place my admiration.  Also, no limit on number of rolls you can order at once.  Tasty sushi, great ambient music, professional atmosphere, good price... I'll visit again.
1	We went to try the all you can eat and were very disappointed. We waited an hour since you can only sit at the tiny bar.  Then the menu was extremely limited.  I've been to many all you can eat sushi restaurants and I wouldn't recommend for the all you can eat. Price not worth it. I haven't tried the full restaurant yet, but not a top priority now
