5	Quite possibly the best car wash place I've ever been to.  And it's the closest to my house, yet!7 Hills Car Wash is a small business just off Eastern in the Seven Hills/Anthem area.  They're pretty new, but they're really great.  They offer many services at varying levels of pricing, and the workers are very courteous and respectful.  After you pull in and drop off your keys, you can sit in their well-decorated, clean waiting room.  They have a lot of automotive items, like sunshields, air fresheners, and the like, but they also have a small coffee shop, sell smoothies and snacks, have a TV playing CNN and free computer access to the internet, and all sorts of amenities.  The seating is comfortable, and there's a small play area for families with children.  They really put in the extra effort.  My car has never looked so good as when I gave it to them.  The process works like clockwork, and it feels like you're in and out very quickly.  I recommend these guys, check them out!
1	Avoid, avoid, avoid!  I had the same experience as Wade...as soon as I got out of my car, a skeezy guy approached me and pointed to a scratch on my windshield.  He said he could fix it for free on my insurance.  I politely said no.  He responded by saying that if I didn't get it fixed, it was likely that the next time I drove over a bump, that my entire windshield would shatter, onto my face.  Right.  Get away from me, creep.Worse, the cleaners are awful.  They don't dry your windows completely so you have water spots right away.  They spray awful fragrance in your car even when you ask them not to.  And they use damp towels on the dashboard and wheel that leave dirty streaks.Save yourself a lot of time of annoyance and go someplace else.
4	Seven Hills car wash the closest car wash to my house that is not connected to a gas station like Chevron. Overall they do a pretty good job when it comes to washing and wiping down your car. Throughout the week, they have (at the time of this writing) specials that very by day. On Wednesday's, is buy one wash get one free day. The catch is that you have to buy a certain type of wash or above and it the freebie has to be used that day. Personally this works well for me as my roommate or I will purchase the wash and then get the other guys car washed that day before they close. (Just make sure the other person has the receipt when they go to claim the free wash) I have never tried their detailing services but overall I am happy with what they offer.
1	The car wash is great, but the auto glass company in 7 Hills Carwash is dishonest. They falsely claim that you have a chip in your windshield and then bill your insurance company. They have asked me four times to repair a chip that isn't there. If the All American Auto Glass in 7 Hills Car was has attempted to scam you and your insurance company, you can report them to the City of Henderson, from this page of their website:   http://www.cityofhenderson.com/finance/docs/Complaint_Form_2006.pdf
4	Of course I came to the car wash because my car was filthy! I got the ultimate car wash and used a 30% off coupon - it ended up being just under twenty dollars! I, too, was approached by the glass people - what a scam! I took up the offer of a free chip repair as I have had to replace a windsheild in the past because of a rock chip and didn't want to go through that again!I am surprised to see a lot of women working here - are the men becoming too lazy?Overall experience was fine! I've got a clean car!
1	I can't actually "review" this place, because the person who came up to "assist" me was so rude I actually drove off. It was my first trip there, so I was looking at the various options - however, they weren't listed lowest-to-most-expensive, so I was having a bit of a slow time of it. Clerk came up to me & asked me what I wanted - he noticed I had a coupon so he immediately tried to sell the higher-priced washes - I can't really blame him, but all I wanted was a car wash & windows cleaned. I finally said that all I wanted was wash/windows, and I found the service I wanted on the board (I forget what it was called) and told him that I wanted "xyz" wash (which was listed for $12.95). He said, "twelve, or seventeen?" Um, what? Each service had it's own price, so I repeated, the "xyz" wash. He literally rolled his eyes and walked off! I decided I didn't need this & drove off. Well, I know where *not* to go when I get my car detailed next time ... Perhaps they're only polite when you order an expensive service, but I'm not eager to find out.
2	I have used them about 10 times and thought I was getting an upscale experience. I was wrong.1.  Service seems spot on and accurate in terms of order taking and knowledge.2.  The reception / store area is quality and high class. They have areas for kids, restroom, drinks and many small things you can buy. Very nice. They even used to have a computer to use for googling, but finally they removed it. Cashier is even nice and friendly.3.  Actual Car Wash and detailing.  YIKES.  What happened?  I was all impressed by the ambiance of the place and how classy it was.  The car wash itself is great. People using brushes to  hand scrub the cars in all areas. The detailing is extremely poor.4.  More on Detailing - They never dry the top roof of my truck, so as soon as I drive out, the windshield gets water all over it. They use dirty towels that after one or two days, you can see all the swirls and "ghosting" of what and how they wiped the windows. They miss spots when doing the upholstery armor all. They ofter will forget and give you the ultimate service you paid for and instead give you the  regular service. You have to stay on top of them. I asked them to clean the cup holders as there was some spilled drink it it. They completely did not do it.5.  Basically, they sell a great service, but cannot deliver consistently with any quality.
4	I like taking my car here. They do a very clean and thorough job. Never had any chump change stolen either. I almost always go with a coupon! I even brought my dog with me and waited on the outside patio area. They didn't say anything to me about my dog either. I did see another person with their dog so I thought it was OK for dogs. They always try to get you to spend more money by asking if you want to get the dent on your windsheild fixed. It's a routine thing! I'm always prepared to say no once I pull up. Lol they don't push it either. I read that someone said the prices went up. FYI, you can get coupons in your ValuePack that you get in the mail. Got pretty good deals there.
2	There is some good and some bad when you visit Seven Hills Hand Car Wash. It was a close race, but the bad won by a "half length."I have visited here about 10 times in the past year and I was quite impressed my 4 or 5 times here. Though the prices are high($31.95 for a wash and vacuum), they generally did a very good job. During my next few trips, the finished product got progressively worse. It culminated with me making a very respectful, calm complaint with (who I found out later was) the general manager, I think his name was Henry. I simply told him that the job his car dryers were doing wasn't as good as I would expect after spending over 30 dollars for a car wash. He proceeded to tell me, in poor English, that if I wanted my car done better I could purchase a $200 detail. I guess clean windows aren't included in the $32 "Ultimate" wash. Overall he was very rude to me, and there are enough alternatives near that area that I will not be returning to The Seven Hills Hand Car Wash. The people at Country Club car wash are always very courteous and accommodating to any problems I have after spending my there.
1	Sorry guys, but after the experience I had yesterday, I am going to drive a little further next time to get my car washed. In the past, I have put up with your price increases, your sad promos and email blast specials that leaves me little more then twenty minutes to get to the car wash in time so I can take advantage of the XYZ special. So yesterday, as I was pulling up to the car wash, I noticed the prices went up yet again. The most basic wash was now $15.95 which is strictly for an exterior wash only and dry and vacuum. No real interior wipe down, no tire polish etc... So instead, I spring for the next level up, $20.95! Which includes the interior wipe down and tire shine. At this point, I mutter to myself that I am swearing off this place from now on, no matter how close they are to my house. And to top it all off, as I get into my car after they are done washing it and drive away, I notice they did not even bother to vacuum the passenger side of the car! WTF people? I always went here because the service was solid. How the hell do you miss that? Short of going on Wednesday's where they offer a BOGO on the $27.95 and $34.95 wash (valid on same day only for both washes. This is great if you have two cars that need to be washed or you can split the cost with a buddy as I have in the past) I refuse to go back to this place again.
1	FRAUDULENT DUDES- THESE GUYS GIVE VEGAS A BAD NAME! Been there twice.  First time was pretty standard - service was nothing memorable, good or bad.  They have a nice waiting area.  Second time was a different story.  DISHONEST - they partnered with All American Auto Glass.  These folks (in the red tshirts) offer to fix chips in windshields, at now extra cost, before the actual car wash employees greet you.  A very young-looking guy named Matt found two chips in my windshield - I had never seen them before.  They took my insurance card and got the service approved for me, which I thought was a little strange, but whatever.  I'm watching various blue tshirt employees (car wash) work on my car, but neither Matt nor anyone else from All American Auto Glass do anything to my car.  They then tell me my car is done.  I told him the chips had not been sealed.  Matt said he did, but when I asked him to run his finger over the windshield, he then sealed it for me.  He then started laughing at me when I asked to speak to his manager.  Filing a Better Business Claim and already alerted my insurance company.
4	I am one who is VERY particular on how to wash a car and I notice spots of dirt that are missed.  Moving to Vegas, I was very keen on finding a great place to wash your car, and wax with interior vacuum service.  Oh course with a little research through the trusty yelp, I came across 7 Hills Hand Car Wash.  Reading the different reviews on Yelp, I was a bit skeptical coming here to service my car, but after looking around, I was unable to find a place like this, so I jumped in my car and came here! These yelpers of Las vegas were not lying!  They really do try to sell you services to fix chips on your car windshield! LOL!  I just said "not interested" and proceeded inside to pay for the car wash.  Price: $20.95Service: Excellent!  I use to pay $25 to get my car washed (through a high tech machine that cleaned the car REALLY well) and vacuumed, so $20.95 was a a bit cheaper than home!  To my surprise, they did an awesome job!  The exterior was very clean!  One of my pet peeves is having dirty rims leaving the car wash and after a meticulous inspection, I found the rims to be spot less!  A+!!! =) I will definitely be coming back here for my car wash service in the future!
1	Same experience as Brad.  What happened 7 Hills Car Wash?  Used to like the quality here but now I'm over it!   The prices have gone up and the service is very bad!  The car wash was fine but the inside vaccuum and touch up was pathetic.  When I have to go home and touch up my own car really?!I noticed you changed your staff.  Used to be a lot of hard working kids.  Now is a few tired looking Hispanic men.
3	Often, my car leads a dirty, dirty life. It gets dusty, I store entire outfits in it, sometimes a Starbucks cup or 2...it's not right and I know it. Many Vegas valets have judged me. So I took my ride on down to 7 Hills Hand Wash on the recommendation of my super clean car boyfriend. As stated in other reviews, not a big fan of the glass repair hawks right as you pull in. I don't like being a victim of a sales pitch and resulting guilt that I have window chips. But other than that the staff is very pleasant and helpful. Usually there are a good amount of people there but on my most recent visit we caught a slow spot so service was really quick. You get to watch your four tire friend go through the car wash through the gift shop windows. Yes you read that right, gift shop. Not going to lie this is my favorite part about this car wash. Greeting cards, knick knacks, car accessories, even an espresso drink if you like! Very cool and kills some time.Your car is pulled forward to be dried, vacuumed, and kissed & hugged (just seeing if you're paying attention) and you can sit on the benches and watch it all go down. They have heaters out there too for the nippy days. I think they do a good job, hell of a lot better than the gas station drive thru jobs. A bit pricey (The Ultimate, top of the line short of detailing, is $31 to give you an idea) but I think that has a lot to do with the fancypants area it's in. I like and I'll be back!
5	I think of car washing the same way I think of house cleaning - most people do an OK job and if you see something you want done, you need to point it out and ask.For this reason, my experiences at 7 Hills Car Wash have always been great.  Stepping into a car that is clean makes me feel better about life at that very moment that my car is shiny and clean!  Plus I take a quick walk around and ask them for any touch-ups or if I need something fixed.They always accommodate me - Thank You!One of my favorite things to do is leave the car wash and do something else while they are cleaning - Sushi across the street, browse through the toy shop, take my kids to run plus fun, etc.  That way I don't have to wait.
5	Ive been going here since they opened and always got my monies worth.
2	PROS:- My cup holders went from being really sticky & yucky to looking brand newCONS:- They convinced me to fix the gashes on my windshield with my insurance (Don't do this, it's really cumbersome)- They ripped a 2 inch hole in the fabric of my carseat (I'm assuming they were trying to get a stain out? Or maybe not. Because the hole touches the middle of my back... and it's an unlikely spot)I gave this place two stars instead of one because despite my complaints, my car was really clean.
4	Today was then first day I had my car washed here.  My wife bought a coupon for the ultimate package for $21 and some change.  When I arrived there I was promptly greeting by an attendant.  I ended up upgrading the ultimate package to get the express detail for the hand wax. It only cost me $8 to upgrade.  All together it cost roughly $29 to get my car washed. In the past I have used Green Valley Hand Wash to get my car washed, and paid $55 to get a hand wax.  Whether Seven Hills wash was comparable to Green Valley in terms of quality was to be seen....The business was fairly busy and it only took an hour to have my car washed. I figured it would take longer because my car was filthy and had a copious amount of dog hair in the car from my dog, and I have waited upwards of two hours for my car to be detail at GVHW.  I have to say, the workers did an amazing job.  I had debated getting the pet detail package to remove all of the hair from the car.  I did not needed it.  The detailed did an excellent job at vacuuming it all up.  Now I can't compair all the services between packages at SH and GV hand washes, but for me it did not matter.  The car was clean and it looked good. The one thing I did not car for was the smell of SH's cleaning products.  My car has a very strong chemical odor, and I have always enjoyed getting into my car after getting my car detailed at GV.  Maybe I am being too picky.One thing I do have to warn you of, and this is mentioned in several other reviews and the reason this I did not give this place 5 stars.  This reason is the employers that try to fix chips in your windshield.  I used to get this service done all the time thinking it was a good idea.  It is not.  I feel it is a scam.  Last year I switched from Allstate insurance to Liberty Mutual in hopes of saving money. When I applied for Liberty Mutual, my agent asked me why I had so many claims on my insurance.  I had 12 in a 3 year period.  I could not immediately explain why until he mentioned the auto glass work.  When switching companies, the system does not give the details of the claim, it only shows a claim.  Because of this I could not get the best rate with liberty mutual, and I refuse to use this service again.  Today i told the worker I was not interested about ten times, and he still tried to push the service on me and told me the I really needed to get the chips repaired immediately.  I explained the reason to him and my experience with the change of insurance, and he agreed that the claims can be problematic when changed insurance companies. He eventually backed off.After being a customer of GVHW for six years, it ws nice to find a hand wash close to home that does just as of a good job with detailing my car.  My wife and I will definitely be using this place more often.
2	I paid $100 to have my car detailed.  When I got home I found this strange white substance on the driver's door and rear panel.   I realized it was probably the tire dressing that was flung on the door when it was being applied.  I didn't see it in the bright sun.  When I got home I had to scrap it off with my nail and get a rag to buff the rest off.  I expect to NOT clean my own car after paying $100.  Will never go back there again.
2	My car was clean, I did fall for the repair chip thing too.  My biggest problem was, I left a few things in my trunk and then realized they were taken.So, don't leave anything you want in your car or in the trunk. Spoke to managment, of course no one knew a thing.Won't go back there again
4	Ive been to this car wash about 6 times now.  The service has been great and the service has been ok.  I laugh at other reviews because this is a business that cleans vehicles.  Thats what they do and sometimes you get serviced by someone stellar, sometimes someone may not be as great, but isnt that life..isnt that typical of any business you go to ...sometimes a great experience, sometimes just ok..even sometimes crappy, but in the end if you get what you came for, .... move on.  Some of the reviews crack me up because someone was rude, etc.   but i take reviews with a grain of salt because us readers dont know the source, or the sources mood at the time...and one last thing, being an owner of an insurance company, i have to say that i too have been approached by the window chip guys, so what....they are a business providing a service, to make money and employ people....thats business.  If you have a chip, so fix it, if not, dont.  I find it humorous at some reviews bagging on everything from bad service to thinking the window guys are a fraud...get over it people, business is business, services are offered, take them or leave them...dont you too work for some business that is just trying to make a profit and put others to work.... the car wash is a great car wash, the wiindow guys offer a great service.  Take it or leave it, but quit complaining!
3	Decent car wash but slow as shit. Kid in the car in front of me puked all over so my car sat around as they spent 30 min cleaning up the chunks. Next time they should put my car in reverse and move it ahead. May give them a second chance.
2	In short, they do a nice job, but even when they are in a slower period, you need to plan on waiting an hour.  When they are busy, which is all day on weekends, plan for two hours.  They apologize if you can find anyone in charge, but it hasn't improved over the last year. Sorry 7 Hills, I can do it myself faster.  I'm done here, which is unfortunate.
3	They are okay. One time I had to wait for 1 hr and half for my car.
5	Coming from the Summerlin side of town, this would be a far drive. Yes, this was a far drive for me. But to make things more reasonable, I happened to be in the 7 Hills side of town. Normally, car washes are a little overkill. You get what you pay for, meaning the more expensive car wash you decide to shuffle money out for the better experience. I've been a victim of paying for the average car wash price of a measly $10 and it being sub-par at best. I recommend this place without hesitation for a couple reasons. First of all, this is a HAND CAR WASH. None of those machines that do a half-mans job. They hand wash it, hand dry it, vacuum and detail it all by, yes you guessed it, HANDS ONLY. If you want the best deal, you MUST come here on Sunday between 3pm and 4pm. This is their "Happy Hour" which is well worth the price. For $15 you get their best car wash package (normally $35). They begin by vacuuming your car and by the look of my car now, which was in complete disarray, they did a tremendous job. They then run the car through the port and hand wash the car and then proceed to hand dry the exterior. Once that is all done, they take it to the final port where the continue to dry and clean the inside and outside of your car, leaving it like it was just purchased. My windows, my dashboard, even my cup holders were squeaky clean. My only gripe was that it took a bit of time to be out of there, but in all fairness, I had not one thing to complain about once I got my car. They took their sweet time and when I really think about it, I don't mind if they do. My car was spotless, they even took the time to really clean my wheels. I don't even do that when I clean my car. So for the best bang for your buck, come here during their happy hour and tell your friends!
1	I would give it a zero star if I could! I took my truck here to get the interior detailed, my truck is only 6 months old and I keep it very clean I paid for the 31.00 for the car wash and have never been more dissatisfied in my entire life. First on the exterior I had drip marks and water spots everywhere then on the interior it didn't even look like they vacuumed it there where little rocks still between the carpet and door jams. The 31.00 wash comes with an interior cream treatment which they didn't do the truck was so bad I took it back the next day and asked they do it right, after showing the guy how to vacuum the carpet he completed it. However yet again they didn't put the gloss cream treatment on the dash, I will never go back to this car wash ever again and I will never tell anyone to go to this car it is horrible. The hand car wash on Pecos and Tropicana I think is called oasis car wash is the car wash I usually go to, I should have just stuck with that plus they are a lot cheaper at 21.00.
1	Watch out for this place. My wife was there last week and was accosted by glass people pulling a classic insurance fraud scam called windshield replacement fraud. (google it or look on the website of the Coalition Against Insurance Fraud)  They hustle waiting car wash customers into getting new windshields they don't need and try to charge it to their insurance company. Obviously this car wash is letting them do this to their customers. Pretty scary . She will NEVER go back there.
1	So I wanted a full interior and exterior detail done and my roommate got a GroupOn for this place so I figured we'd go and get our cars done at the same time. I decided to spring for their $200 premium detail package. Sounds great right? WRONG. Where do I start?First off, the guy that was taking our orders said the premium detail includes a 2 step wax job and claybar. When I picked up the car, it was obvious it wasn't claybared. The car didn't look much better than just taking it through the wash. Half of the rear bumper had swirl marks. They went way overboard on the leather conditioner and interior cleaner. I could feel the excess on my hands from the steering wheel and airbag. The detailer didn't even put the floor mats back in the car. He put them in the trunk and told me, "You could put those in tomorrow." And to top it all off, their website says 30% off of a full detail on Sundays and Mondays between 8am-9am. I got there at 840am on Sunday and guess what? No discount. Never again will I waste my money there.
2	It took about two hours to finish my car. When I got it back the interior smelled really bad and my car did not smell bad before I brought it in. Then they did not clean a lot of areas. I had to go home and get wipes and start cleaning my own car after I had just paid to get it cleaned. Makes no sense. There were places where I saw dust and had to wipe that down too. Also, they were suppose to shampoo and remove stains from the seats and they didn't do that at all. I had very minor stains on my seat from something that had dripped for a few seconds and I had to get wipes and scrub it off myself and the stains came off pretty fast, which means that they did not try at all to clean my seats. Furthermore, as I see someone wrote that they left items in their car and it ended up missing in other reviews here on Yelp...To ad to that, as I walked into the office of this place a girl was claiming that her ipad was missing from her car and they claimed that they didn't know anything about it. As I sat waiting for my car, the girl had called the police and two cop cars showed up and took her statement, along with the statement of someone that worked there. They searched the entire place trying to find her ipad. I don't know if they found it. I don't think they did. So it seems like this place has a reputation for "misplacing" people's items especially if they are valuable.I would definitely not go back there again. I recommend people to go somewhere else and save yourself the disappointment and potential risk of getting your items stolen.
1	I've been coming here for awhile and they usually do an okay job. Typically I opt for the protect and shine package-$20- and add interior dressing for the back of my suv because of my dogs.  Thy dont usually charge much for this add on if anything at all! Today I decided to get the ultimate-$32- which includes interior/exterior dressing. After about an hour I got my car back and they didn't even wipe out the back or the doors or anything and when I mentioned it to the guy he said they don't do that! Come to find out, they only wipe off the dash! After all that time and money and being a loyal customer (2x a month for two years) they treat me like that. AND when I got home I realized they stole all the change out of my cup holder!!! I am never going back!
4	I first found this place when they offered a groupon deal like 8 months back. So having been here 4x now, I can say they generally are pretty good, this fourth time it was 5 stars, last time it was 3 stars. It really depends on who does your detailing. If you get the ultimate they will clean your exterior, and interior, and even scrub your floor mats. And probably put a very thin coat of waxI only have them 4 stars because almost every time they don't clean the door jams, or leave a bit of dirt swirls from maybe a dirty rag. These are things im willing to over look cause I don't wanna clean my car in the hot sun, and they generally hustle to finish quickly (expect at least an hour wait). Also don't leave any valuables in the car. I've never had an issue but I could see it easily being one, and other yelpers have had things stolen.
1	Thieves!  Not content with the $130 they took from me for the car detail, they stole my $60 sun shade. Realized it was missing 10 days later, called them up and the woman who I spoke to took 2 seconds to say 'it's not here, I just checked the lost and found'. Never will I return there!
1	DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR HERE.I take my car there. They hand me the ticket. I walk inside to get it paid for and realize I left my iPhone in the car. Run back to get it and in that short time it was stollen.  Made the mistake of not having a password on it. Track it down and as am doing so, the person that took it out of my car turns off the tracking. They have professional thieves here. The management was supposed to check the cameras and call me back, but they never did.
1	When this placed first opened it was great.  It has deteriorated a lot since. Even on a slow day the wait is minimum 1 hour.  Car comes out dirty, and water spotted because they don't have enough people to dry them quick enough. They use to have free internet, not anymore. I have better things to so with my time than hang out here. Trust Me it's worth driving another 10 minutes and going else where.  Also CHEAPER !!!!!!
1	Owner better get a handle on this place. I've been sitting here for two hours to get an "Express Detail"  (not that impressive workmanship either that would warrant the wait.) I'm not sure if they think they get paid by the hour or what, but I've had FULL DETAILS that have been done faster and much better. I'd go somewhere else.
1	Slow, inefficient staff. An hour is nothing to wait and you should be happy because it's a supposedly a different level of quality. About half the time, your car will come out smelling like someone's armpit.  Don't get me started on the gypsies trying to fix chips in your window.
1	Uugh....where do I start?! I took my truck in for a wash and it seemed that I could have done a better job myself. Tires still a mess, carpet still had a lot of debris left and the cashier was not friendly at all.
1	This is the second time in a row that my car came out really dirty. This time however they scratched the paint in several areas. There was bird poop on the bumper that they didn't even clean off. My wife puts her feet on the dash so I have toe prints on my windshield. Guess what. They were still there as well. I do a better job when I rush to do a quick wash on my car at home. The last time my car was filthy after the wash as well. I made a point to empty my tray in the dash so it would be cleaned. It still had crumbs in it. Do not waste your time or money here. I will be finding a new car wash. $35 and 1 hour later I am headed home to wash my car.
2	I was really disappointed in the service I received for the price I paid. Paid like $40 for a car wash. (My car needed it) They gave me decent wash, but that wasn't what I paid for. Not going back.
2	I used a groupon for ultimate wash. Every employee was friendly and helpful. The wash itself was not impressive at all. I had to ask for a window to be redone and some dirt on the back of my car. No I air freshener, mediocre wipe down dash and vacuum of the floor. I will not be going back even if it was free.
1	Worst car wash experience ever! Only went there because it's right next to my baby's swim school. Thought I could drop it off while my baby was in a swim lesson. First, they tried to scam you with invisible chips on your windshield. I told them I'm not interested. They kept saying it's free. We just need your insurance info. Mmm.. Crazy? No! Then the guy had an attitude with me because I said no. Half an hour later I came back and the car still wasn't done. When it was done the inside still had Cheerios crumbs all over. Dirty as before. They didn't wipe the cup holder. Only wiped the steering wheel and dashboard. That's it! The outside wash was no better than a gas station $7 drive thru. But I paid $21!!! Awful. Will never go back. Stay away from this place!!!
1	This place is he absolute worst car wash in the valley! Stay clear! You wait an hour to get your car or truck back dirty! All they do is try and pressure sell you on stuff. They are really bad! You have been warned!!
1	This was the worst experience at a car wash. They told me I had a crack in my window and would fix for free just show them my insurance card and they will call the company to verify my coverage. I was later handed the phone to place a claim with my insurance company. BTW, the crack is a pin mark not really a crack that has lines. I told my insurance company I didn't want to submit a claim, so the car wash lady runs out to stop them from fixing my window. Don't you think they should get approval before working on my car? Then I go to pay and the cashier has a jar "cashier tips", excuse me why the hell does she need a tip for taking my money and doing her job?  Then I got to my car and there are clear sticker looking things on two pin marks on my window. The guy removes them, but it left behind glue looking spots. I came home to try and smudge it and it's stuck on their like glue. They must have left half the job done. That is extremely unprofessional to leave my car looking worse than it started. Oh and they left a window tinting card in my car. Seriously people, just wash the dang car and stop trying to rape people! You are better off washing your own car by hand than going here!
1	Worst. car. wash. ever.Came here at 8am on a Sunday to catch their 50% off their Ultimate Car Wash special. I should've noticed the red flags when one of their employees offered to fix a speck-sized chip on my windshield free of charge...if I give them my insurance number. What? Is this a scam? After waiting 1.5hrs I finally get my car back see that there is a cluster of chipped paint on my trunk. Look, I know my 2004 Civic isn't in the best condition but I do try to take care of it and know exactly where there are chips and scratches. The chips on the trunk weren't there this morning. The manager just tells me that there's "no way" that they could've done it, wipes it with a bit of wax (didn't work), and then walks away. I'm stuck with the employee who's awkwardly holding my keys hostage while he waits for me to tip him. So disappointed in the whole experience and will never come back.
5	I enjoy this car wash over all of the others because of the high quality of their work. I DO NOT like the fact that every time I or my wife goes there, some guy recommends that we have a chip in our windshield repaired there. When I ask "what chip" they always point out a pin head size spot that they inevitably find after cleaning the windshield. Which leads me back to their incredibly high standard of work. Meticulously cleaning a windshield and finding that same pin head size chip every time is a testament to their attention to detail (or relenting up-sell). I highly recommend checking their web site for deals, coupons and specials. The same wash on a different day can cost you.
3	Just had my car washed here for the first time. The person who checked me in and the cashier were both very friendly. They DID try to sell me the chip repair as other reviews have mentioned - they are very sneaky and say "it won't cost you a thing... We just need your insurance card." But a simple "no thank you" and they leave it aloneI am used to "hand" car washes that run the car through a machine and just hand dry it, so I went to remove my rear antenna (it does not retract) and they said it would be fine since they don't use machines. That's nice I got the "ultimate" wash because on Thursdays they give ladies 30% off, so it was $21 + tip. Looks clean enough to me. They did wipe out the junk tray and cup holders. This whole time I thought my dash was grey but it turns out it's actually black and was just super filthy. My view while driving is really different now! They did miss quite a bit of the "gunk" (protein shake? Coffee? Dog barf? Who knows?) on my passenger seat. I was able to get it off with a Lysol wipe but the whole point of having my car washed is not having to do it myself. Overall not bad for $20ish bucks
1	Absolutely the worst service ever, left my dark car in the sun until it dried and then begin to wipe on it with soap stains. Completely Hispanic crew that acted like they don't understand English when asked to wipe something. Lazy as the day is long. I will never return and I recommend you go anywhere but there
2	Watch out for the windshield repair scam.  I may call the BBB on this.  They find ostensible cracks every time.  This is unethical.
1	Went today to try the 50% off deal. Now this place is close to my house, I have been going for many years. I just decided to go during the promo, I pull up like normally, I noticed there were no cars. I did think this was odd. I turned my car off after the guy directed me in. I go to get out and he ask me to scoot up... Turn my car back up and move up 2inches. I then tell the guy I want the ultimate with the 50% off because it's 3pm. He tells me I need to back out and get into line (4-5cars lined up) or he can take me at without discount. He said they don't start until exactly 3pm... It was 3:02. Then why would you make me pull up? Obviously I did not know. GOOD customer service would direct the cars in and just take mine when they were finished.  I will never go out. They don't value their customers at all.
4	Always had great service coming here since it opened. Staff is polite, place is clean.
1	I am no loner coming back to this place. I told the employees today specifically to make sure they vacuum the back(last time they didn't). When the car was in line to go in the WASH, I checked the back seats and mats and it looked like CRAP. There was a lot of hair on the mats, and I told them to do it again. They claim that the high power vacuums cannot remove the hair from the mats, whether it is people hair or dog hair. I told them that my little dust buster can remove it, but your high power vacuums can't? Also, they try and get you to fix window cracks and they tell you that your own insurance covers that. Of course, I tell them no all the time but I am sure they can probably fool some people into doing that. All in all, not very professional.
1	The exterior wash was below average. The interior looked like they wiped it down just enough to remove dust but was nowhere near clean. I do not recommend this car wash at all.
1	I am furious!!!! Not only did they leave dirty spots on my car but they chipped my paint on the front! I expected to get at least a decent job done for what I paid. Instead they told me for no extra charge they would fix a crack on my windshield. It looks the same as it did when I first got there  not to mention it looked dirty the inside was bout the same problem it still had some dust on the panel never going back Horrible horrible horrible!!!!! And the girl that washed my car was seriously expecting a tip? I'm sorry hun my little brother could have done a better job you don't deserve a tip.
4	Like all the other reviewers, I got offered the chip repair for a spec on my windshield. Granted, the greeter had to wipe the window two or three different times and inspect it from different angles to see it was even there. Knowing that they do the repairs, I knew what he was doing, but it was still pretty bizarre to see. I told the second gentleman who actually discusses what you're ordering what I wanted, a hand wash and hand wax, and he gave me a few options with pricing, which was nice. What he didn't discuss was time frame. I went on a Sunday afternoon so of course it was busy, but when he told me they could do an exterior detail, I said "great!" and started to go pay for it. Then he mentioned it would take several hours, and offered me a ride elsewhere. Luckily I was able to reverse that decision. The wait was very long and it took 45 min. to even get my car through the tunnel, but like I said, Sunday afternoon. They were doing the best they could. The young man who handled my hand wax pulled the car out into the sun afterward and went around to check to make sure everything was wiped down - an eye for detail I definitely appreciated. Everything was nice and clean, just like I wanted, but maybe a little less on the interior than I've had at other places.One thing that rubbed me the wrong way was the cashier - when I went to pay for my car wash, she asked if I wanted cash back for tips and suggested an amount. I've worked in the service industry and know that getting stiffed on tips, especially when you're doing hard manual labor in 105+ degrees, sucks. But suggesting an amount is slightly like saying "I want to charge you $60, but I'm only going to bill you for $40 and bully you into the extra $20." Did I tip the kid who waxed my car? Yes, 30% for the extra attention. But all the business I worked for, you worked to earn a tip - you weren't entitled one.If I have the choice, I'll continue to go to Alamo on Rainbow or Fabulous Freddy's up north if it's more convenient, because they go a bit further for about the same amount; but if I'm on my side of town, I'll take my car here.
2	For about 5 years, I have gotten my car washed there.  By far not the cheapest in town but they are close to my house and for the most part do a "decent" job.  I am about ready to find another place due to the carny approach of pimping window repair on my 3 vehicles.  My oldest car is a 2011.  The windows are fine and it's friggin insulting that they want to fix my perfectly fine windshields. Yesterday, I asked the "tech" to show me the chip.  I then wet my finger and PRESTO the chip disappeared with very little effort.  That was dirt genius - hence needing a car washed!  While I waited over an hour and a half for my car - I went on Yelp.com.  I suggest they read the reviews... Not good.  Sure enough, when I got home, there were spots all over the car from the tire dressing that was not wiped down.  Don't worry - I spent an hour cleaning that up.  I understand - good help is hard to find.  Especially, under paid exploited immigrants to work at a top dollar car wash.  All that I ask is that they clean up your act.  I go to 7 hills not because of their high quality but because of the convenience of being close to home. However, I am on my last straw with this place.
1	I've been coming here for years and they use to be very good but lately the service has been bad, they are not cleaning as good as they use to and they actually damaged my light colored interior by using a dirty rag that had some type of oil on it. I talked to the manager who apologized and they washed it again still not able to fix it after spending over 2 hours here I had to leave with my interior dirty and still had to pay. Needless to say I will not be coming anymore.
5	Usually the car washes in my area are the ones attached to a gas station and do a good-enough job of washing the dust off, but my car needed a little extra TLC this time and I yelp'd this place and went here.  I bought their top of the line ($31) car wash and they did a fantastic job inside and out covering all the sills, floor mats, even inside the gas cover, around the license plate, etc.  It took about 20-25 minutes but I was watching them and they really went all over the car.  Now it looks clean again.  Thanks...
4	Good car wash, though definitely a wait and a bit pricey if you do not get the wash on a special. I usually use the drive though car washes, with this every few months to get the car a bit cleaner when I do not want to undertake the adventure myself. My wife is here about every week, and has some sort of wash pass that is great, and reasonable, and they knock out the kid mess across the back seats every time. The few times I pointed out a couple issues, no problem they re-washed or re-wiped, instantly. I do not know about the "chip repair" issues, but you are at a car wash, get your windshields fixed by a glass shop. You get what you pay for, and when it is "free" what do you expect.
5	Chip repair guys are great really know what they are doing. Out there saving lives one windshield at a time. Keep it up guys!
1	This place is the Pitts!!  What's up with the high pressure glass repair person trying to make big $$$ from my insurance company??  Avoid this place.... I certainly will!!!
4	I'm not sure why this place has only 2 stars...they have always done a great job on my car. Today I got the whole works with a hand wax. Price 39.99. I can live with that and my car is clean and shining again. I'm happy!
5	Paid for the full detail and got a huge discount because of their Sunday monday morning special. They even dropped me off and picked me back up at home, although i did have to wait a long time about 45 minutes for the ride back home. The car came out meticulously perfect. Worth all the money. I tipped them but wish i had extra money to tip the guy who did the work even more because he did a great job. Would highly recommend their detail service.
2	Not a bad car wash, but not fantastic either. They have different packages which are decently priced. The wait wasn't long, about 20 minutes. My car came out clean, shiny and vacuumed. Or so I thought...the next morning when I left for work, I could see the streaks they left on the inside of my back windshield while the left side wasn't wiped down at all. They missed all the crumbs that were in the seams of my leather seats. After that, I was pretty upset that I had dropped $30+tip on a half done job. P.S. When you go inside to pay, there's a tip jar for the cashier. Uh, why? All she's doing is ringing people up? Why does she need a tip?! Annoying.
1	This place gets worse every time I go. Regardless of how busy they are or time of day, they take FOREVER. And it's not because they are taking extra special care of your vehicle. And they will tell you that your window is chipped EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. They will fix it for "free" but charge your insurance company. Beware. For the price, go somewhere else. It's worth driving across town to a different car wash.
2	We've been taking our cars here every week for many years now. When I recently came across a Groupon for 1/2 off their "Ultimmate" wash I was thrilled. This morning I redeemed my Groupon. When I arrived home I noticed that they had done a terrible job of cleaning the wheels and removing the water spots on the rear bumper (this is because they never opened the trunk lid). Then I checked the carpet mats and noticed that they were bone dry (which indicated that they never cleaned the mats which is part of the Ultimate wash). I called them to complain and spoke with Miguel who was apologetic and said that they would gladly redo the wash job. I told him that for the hour it would take me to bring it in, I would rather just have my son redo the wheels and wipe down the water spots.While on the subject, I am getting sick and tired of this one loudmouthed aggressive jackass that keeps trying to get me to have this microscopic windshield chip repaired. The last two times I have visited the car wash he has literally chased me into the cashier area while yelling "SIR....SIR....SIR". Do I really need to put up with this aggravation simply to get my car washed?This place has rapidly gone downhill!
3	If you're on this side of town and have some time to spare this place is good spot for a detail.  They do have a normal car wash service but haven't tried it.  However, if you're in the neighborhood looking for a detail spot this place does a really good job!  We had the SUV pretty muddy on the carpets and snow sludge on the exterior from a weekend out on the snowy slopes.  They cleaned out all the mud and there wasn't any carpet stains when they were done.  It did however take them quite some time to finish, about a couple hours so make sure you have some time.  This was on a weekday, they were steady busy but not slammed.
