4	I'm very torn about our experience at the E Bar, as its called.  On one hand, the experience was ridiculously amazing; it is nice being diners #140 and 141(since the place has opened).  But on the other hand, the food was not. It's challenging to come up with an appropriate star rating to balance out the two.  It's also hard since the price was $250 plus tax/per person.  As the previous reviewer mentioned, that price does include food, wine, gratuity, and an awesome experience.  I keep asking myself if it was worth it...I'm not sure that it is.The evening was a special one though.  We arrived, checked in at the reservation desk and were waiting to be seated for the 8:30 seating.  One of our 'hosts' came to us, letting us know that we would need to wait for a bit, as the previous seating was wrapping up and they were preparing for our seating.  She would like to know if I would like a glass of cava while I'm waiting.  But of course!  So we're chilling in the Cosmopolitan's fun little sitting area (with billiards, checkers, funky chairs, etc.) enjoying some cava while we wait.  As we're finally seated, much of the busy Jaleo watches the 8 of us as we walk into the private E room.  There are 8 of us seated, with 5 people making sure our evening went smoothly.Anthony, our specific server, was funny, helpful, and hooked up the wine.  Frankly, I didn't care for most of the wine as it was incredibly sweet.  In fact, most of the dishes had more of a sweet element to them rather than salty or savory, which was what I was looking for.  All dishes were served at one time by the two chefs, so we needed to coordinate bathroom breaks over the 2.5 hour meal.  When it was an appropriate time to go, Anthony walked me all the way to the restroom; what a gentleman!Some of the highlights of the evening food wise were the Beet Jewelry (salty, crispy, gold-dusted--yum!), caramelized pork rinds (there's nothing like making chicharrones high class!! haha), the smoky oysters in escabeche, secreto of iberico, and, the star of the night really, the Jose Taco and artichoke with caviar.  The Jose Taco was a lovely slice of Jamon Iberico de Bellota with a dollop of caviar on top, to be rolled like a taco (really a taquito, i think).  YUMYUM!!!  And the roasted baby artichoke with caviar and quail egg inside. Divine!  I would like ten more of those please, rather than some of the flowery, fruity dishes we were given.The most disheartening thing of the night (other than the bill, haha) was the Whole Lobe of Foie Gras baked in Salt.  I love Foie Gras, seriously.  They showed us this beautiful lobe that has been crusted in tantalizing sea salt and baked.  I was very excited.  We were all given our own slices; they were sitting there, glistening in the plate, waiting to be devoured.  Then they poured an orange juice type sauce on them.  Travesty!!! It ruined the Foie Gras.  The texture was mushy and all I tasted was juice.  Why, Jose?! Why?!I know this review reads a bit like a schizophrenic's journal, but this is how I feel about E by Jose.  The experience was once in a lifetime and the staff could not have been more accommodating.  But the food was, overall, a disappointment, especially for the price.  Bottom line: I guess it's both a yay and a nay.
4	Classy Vegas is back at the Cosmopolitan and especially at ultra exclusive E. We started our night making our way through the plush and glitzy Cosmopolitan lobby and casino. We definitely will need to come back and check out more. When arriving at Jaleo we told them we had reservations at E, which is the restaurant within the restaurant at Jaleo. Being 1 of 16 dining there that night (two seatings of 8) their attention went immediately to us. The last group was still finishing up so the manager brought us a nice bubbly glass of Cava while we waited. That nice touch was a great sign of what to come. After our table was ready we were escorted back with the other 6 to our table hidden in another room behind the bar. As we were led through the packed Jaleo dinning room we got a lot of those "how are they getting that treatment" looks. We arrived at our half moon shaped bar with a swanky and modern feel. This is where the AMAZING service started. Flat or sparkling? My first thought is Vegas's finest will work for me because I'm not a water snob, but then I realized everything is included I went with the sparkling. We were introduced to the staff and I enjoyed the casual environment making it easy to communicate with the chefs as they prepared the food in front of us. The service throughout the night was just perfect and I think I enjoyed that more than the food! So here is the deal... $250 includes about 20 courses, wine pairing throughout, tax, gratuity, and oh yes your choice of water   ; ) Time to get on the 2+ hour food and wine train! Unfortunately I do not have the details on the wine, but know I'm more of a wine snob than a water one and the wines were mostly whites and on the sweet side. Not my cup of tea but it may be yours. The food... - Frozen Sangria with Grilled Strawberries: Very strong but really refreshing - Beet Jewelry: Sweet and salty beet "ring" in a jewelry box. Cool idea and a nice balance of flavor. - Caramelized Pork Rinds: Need I say more. If you like Pork Rinds you'll love them, if you don't we'll love them! BATHROOM BREAK STOP THE PRESSES! They literally stopped serving, escorted me to the bathroom, and waited until I returned. Good thing I'm fast! - Jose Taco & Artichoke with Caviar: Jamon Iberico (best ham in the world from Spain) in a "taco" with caviar. Paired with caviar and quail egg on a mini artichoke. One of the best of the night. - Other stars of the 20 dishes: Smoky Oysters in Escabeche and the Secreto of Imberico Pork. - Biggest disappointment was the Foie Gras Baked in Salt. Such promise and I almost never push away Foie Gras but this one was bastardized with a bunch of orange type juice poured on top. All in all I enjoyed the service more than the food. Most of the dishes were on the sweet side and didn't have a balance. Of course that is up to the individual's taste and for the price I will be a harsh critic. This place is definitely worth a try. At a minimum for the cool and fun experience alone. The innovative food will not disappoint and hey enjoy you are in Vegas!
5	Everything about my experience at E by Jose Andres was Five Star.  From the Golden Ticket I received in the mail the day before my trip, to the last bite of Saffron scented Chocolate at the end of the evening made this one of the best Food Evenings of my life.My Golden Ticket promised, "Culinary delights that you have not imagined."  E delivered on that promise and  more!  On arrival, I was given a glass of Cava while I waited to be escorted to the private dining area that is E.  I don't usually comment much on decor, but I was struck by the intimacy and personal nature of the space.  I can imagine Chef Andres has a study designed in the same manner.  I also appreciate the fact that the communal seating has wheelchair accessible seats cut into the bar.  It allowed me to have the  same experience as the other diners. Now onto the food itself:1) Frozen Sangria with Grilled Strawberries. Made table side with Liquid Nitrogen, the Sangria had all the flavor of its liquid cousin, but provided an interesting temperature contrast to the Caramelized Strawberries.2) Spanish Clavel. Hardest item to describe. An  amazingly light bite with a thin wafer made from yogurt and flavored with a Spanish Flower. Vague enough?3)Beet Jewelry. Rings of dehydrated beet, dusted with Gold.  So much flavor in such a small bite.4)Caramelized Pork Rinds. Best. Pork Rinds. Ever.  Salty, Sweet, Spicy, Crunchy goodness!5) Apple "Brazo de Gitano". An Apple flavored Sponge Cylinder filled with a bleu cheese espuma.  Another great combination of flavors and textures.6)Jose Taco. A thin rectangle of Iberico Ham with a dollop of sustainable Caviar. I expected this to be salty beyond belief, but there was a sweetness to the caviar that made this one of my favorite bites of the night.7)Artichoke with Caviar and Quails Egg. Again, the interplay of tastes and textures was amazing. Earthiness from the Artichoke. Richness from the Egg. Sweet and Salty from the Caviar. Another great bite and I am not a big fan of caviar.8)Membrillo with La Serena Cone.  My least favorite item of the night. Goat Cheese and Quince Paste.9)Bocata De Calamares.  A tiny tiny version of a Lobster Roll using Uni as the protein.  This was so good they could start a sandwich shop with a larger version!10)Ajo Blanco. Modern version of a Spanish soup made from Almonds and Garlic. The Almond Soup was poured over a bowl with several different components including Sliced Almonds, Ground Almonds, Microgreens, Grapes and a Granita ( I can't remember what it was).  This was much mellower than the preceding dishes.  That is not a bad thing! In a multi Course event like this I find that sometimes my taste buds need a rest!11)Cigala with Roses.  Perfectly cooked Langoustine with a floral note from a Rose flavored foam.12)Smoky Oysters in Escabeche. The Oysters were smoked in a little globe in front of us.  What actually made these wonderful was the accompanying Onion Confit and Toasted Honey Air.13)Roasted Turbot with Black Garlic. The fish was the star but The Black Garlic added its intense sweetness and pungent undertones.14)Foie Gras Baked in Salt.  Best Foie Ever. The salt dome it was baked under gave  it an amazing texture.  A wonderfully tart Citrus Sauce cut the richness of the dish.15)Secreto of Iberico Pork.  A rarely used cut from behind a Pig's Shoulder Blade was served with Chanterelle Mushrooms and Black Truffle.  This was full of Earthy, Rich, Meaty, Porky Flavor.   It had a texture that was far from soft, But  worked with the rustic nature of the dish.16)Orange Pith Puree with La Serena. That wonderful Goat cheese reappeared in the first Dessert Course.17)Frozen Apricot Coulant.  Sort of a fruit version of a molten chocolate cake. This time the outside is an Apricot Ice and the center is an Apricot liquid.  Very light and refreshing!18)Apples and Red Wine "Freddy Giradet".  Vanilla Bean Ice Cream with Red Wine Glazed Apple and Apple Spherifications. Another fun and inventive course that also tasted great.19)25 Second Bizcocho. A light, airy Citrusy Angel Food cake actually made in a Microwave. 20)Chocolates.  Saffron Scented and Chocolate "Air" brought the evening to a sweet end.We had several spirits that enhanced our experience.  With the first few items we had a Pastrana Manzanilla Sherry. It was clean, delicate and slightly yeasty.  It went very well with our first few courses.Next up was actually a beer. Estrella Damme Inedit. I am not a beer drinker but  It actually went very well with our fried oilier items.Third was 2008 Mengoba Godello y Dona Blanca Bierzo. Another very light wine that kind of got lost with all the flavors of the food.Next was a 2009 Guimero Mencia Ribiero Sacra. This went great with the Foie and Pork.We finished with a classic 1982 Don Pedro Ximenes Sherry. Dessert in a glass.Service was outstanding and as I mentioned before, they are extremely wheelchair friendly.
5	Yo! To all you legit foodies in the house.  This place is da bomb!Ok, now that I have your attention with my lame ass hook, seriously, you people need to check this out.  $250/person.  Not stuffy at all.  A ton of fun.  If you really do truly love inventive food (picky eaters opt out) then you will LOVE this. And at $250 per person including tax, alcohol, and gratuity (although you will want to tip more when you are done) it is such a bargain!  Plus, for people who don't drink, the chefs and servers say that the non-alcoholic offerings are extremely inventive.  They seem quite eager to serve them.  I think they just need advance notice.The process: First, send an email to reserve@ebyjoseandres.com with a variety of dates and times that you would like to go.  Give a bunch of choices.  There are only 8 seats, so keep that in mind.Next, wait for confirmation.  If you are lucky, you will get a reservation and they will ask for more details including any allergies and if there are any non-drinkers.  Eventually, you will get golden tickets in the mail and a very nice note. (Yes, snail mail.)  Yay!  Very Willy Wonka.Next, show up at Jaleo at the Cosmopolitan promptly.  Anthony (one of your servers) will be waiting at the hostess stand and will psychically know who you are.  Especially if you are the dope with the golden ticket in your hand and a stupid grin on your face.Next, enjoy some cava (a variety of sparkling wine) at the bar and meet your foodie companions.  At your respective reservation time (5:30pm and 8:30pm are the choices), you will be escorted to an exquisitely designed room separate from the rest of the restaurant where three chefs and two servers will prepare and serve the best food in the world right in front of your eyes.  It's essentially a 3-hour conversation about food, while you pig out.  And, yes, there is stripper dust involved.  http://eat.c-bas.com/2011/03/14/e-by-jose-andres/  But it's all good. :)The other reviews and all the blogs go through all the courses in better detail than I ever could.  For example, see http://www.kevineats.com/2011/01/e-by-jose-andres-las-vegas-nv.html and the link above. Just let me say that this is a best meal I have ever had and I've been to Guy Savoy, Joel Robuchon/L'Atelier, Masa (NYC), French Laundry, Per Se, Le Bernardin... need I go on.  I'm a food and service snob (when I expect quality), and this is the best.  I actually closed my eyes in bliss during many of the courses.  The servers, Anthony and Stephanie, are fabulous. The chefs, Edwin, Brett, and Johannes, are also terrific.  Very knowledgeable and so willing to share that knowledge.  It's so much fun and we made some new foodie friends.  What's better than that?
5	REVIEW #100: e' by Jose Andres.It is very fitting that e' is my 100th review....a milestone review deserves a special 'reviewee'. From the moment me and my fiancee appeared at the hostess stand outside of Jaleo and she telepathically knew who I was until we floated out in a state of bliss over two and a half hours later...this was by far the most fun I have ever had eating out and I really see this as the future of dining in the U.S. Every aspect of this experience was first rate...the food, of course, but also the setting (very Alice in Wonderlandish) and the service...our host and hostess Anthony and Stephanie were fantastic and made an amazing meal even more memorable.There is no way I am going over every course but I would say 80% were hits with a few misses along the way (totally acceptable, especially since we were introducing some new dishes for the very first time that night). My personal favorites were the secreto of iberico pork (the Wagyu of Pork), the apple 'brazo de gitano', crispy chicken skin in escabeche, maine lobster with citrus and jasmine, and 'apples and red wine'.The weakest dish I thought was actually the first one.."gin and tonic"...which was essentially a molecular liquid nitrogen version of the classic drink that I don't feel was a good intro to the Spanish-themed meal (they should have stuck with the original sangria one).The wine pairings were okay except fort the sherry we got at the beginning of the meal...this was my first time experiencing sherry and I am not a fan..but the beer, white rioja, and red, as well as the port, were all decent. I loved the golden tickets we got in the mail, the take home printed menu and book mark (so I can always be reminded I spent $514 on this meal....well worth it and I'd do it again in a heartbeat). And at the meal's conclusion we get to sign the guestbook and write comments for Chef Andres to read...like how awesome he is and how he should win the Nobel Peace Prize for what he's done in bringing happiness to us common folk with his amazing food and restaurants. Now one thing that puzzles me..me and my fiancee were #693/694...yet I am only the 8th reviewer here on yelp...only 1% of supposedly foodies are reviewing this place on here?!...we need to spread the word people!
5	I cannot believe I neglected to write this review when we went in April.  I hope I can still do it justice.First, I give props to my husband who actually put in all the leg work getting these reservations.  NOT EASY.  Involves an entire process of  emailing and lottery system.  We were so lucky to get these seats with our friends.  There are only 8 seats in the whole place, and we were the entire party.  I think that made the atmosphere much more fun.  Not sure how it would be with a bunch of strangers.You can read other people's blow by blow menu run down, but these are the stand outs for me:Ajo Blanco - essentially an uni sandwish on an amazingly soft puff bun.  Reminded me of the philly cheesesteak at the Bazaar in LA, but SO MUCH MORE AMAZING.  I love uni.  Maybe I'm biased.Foie Gras - I love the stuff, can't go wrong.Iberico Pork - I believe this had huge truffle shavings, bonus.  Unbelievably tender and so tasty.Apples and Red Wine "Fredy Giradet" - The red wine "sphere" were just fun.  A great juxtaposition with the cold and sweet of the ice cream and apples.Overall, some great dishes, some ok.  But just as important as the food, is the experience.  The staff was amazing, very friendly, and answered all our questions  Lots of small talk and great conversation.  The cooks were very patient at explaining what they were doing and what was coming out.  Like I mentioned, we knew everyone at our table, so that really helped.  If you can get a group of people, I think they like being able to fill the entire seating at once (perhaps that gave us an edge with our reservation?  I dunno).Oh, and don't forget the wine and beer pairings.  I'm a light weight, so I may not have appreciated it as much as some, but I get it.  Also, for you non-drinkers, they did offer non-alcoholic pairings (which were sometimes yummier, in my opinion!).
5	WOW!  One of the top three restaurant meals I have ever had.  Food: At E, I had the best dish I have ever eaten, crispy chicken skin in escabeche(chicken skin and chicken oyster).  My other favorite dishes of the night were the mini brioche street food sandwich that contained uni and the secreto of Iberico pork.  At most tasting menus, there are a number of dishes that stand out negatively.   At E, I enjoyed every single dish!       Service: Two servers provide unpretentious, friendly, professional, and flawless service to the eight diners per seating at E.  In addition, the chefs prepare food in front of the diner seating and explain the dishes as they are served.Reservations: email reserve@ebyjoseandres.com with some dates you are available and they will get back to you.  I was lucky enough to email at the beginning of the week and got a reservation for 2 later in the week!Cost: They recently changed their menu so food is 160/person.   Drink pairings are around 100, and non-alcoholic drink pairing are around 50.  My dinner for two with drinks was around 650 after tax and gratuity.Pictures: They let you take camera photos as long as you don't use a flash.
5	The 22 course chef pairing was simply delicious. The entire staff executed Jose's interpretation of each meal to the utmost perfection in terms of texture, taste, visual appeasement, and for this dining experience. I thoroughly enjoyed the apple "brazo de gitano" and the maine lobster with citrus & jasmine. The dessert were equally tasty with my favorite the orange pith puree la serena. Recommend booking early.
5	This was truly a show and dinner in one, all the plating for the 22 courses are done right in front of you by the 2 or 3 main chefs, quite an experience!  Our hostess Stephani was great and seated us in Jaleo and gave us the lowdown and let us know about the drink parings, non-alcholic (~$55 -5 drinks), alcoholic (~$110-9 drinks), and there is a complete wine list you can choose from before dining.  Or you can opt for just water.I got the non-alcholic pairings, some were kind of unique, but it was a letdown after I saw all the cool drinks the alcoholic pairing people were getting.  Get the alky pairings if possible!  There was this cool drink that you drink from a spanish Porron (some special bottle) looked really cool.Anyways onto the food & show.  We were seated at 8 person, I came with 4 of my friends, booked 2 months in advance.  You get golden tickets maybe 1.5 weeks before your reservation date, they are nice and shiny!Started off with a special chilled/slushy gin and tonic, made with some liquid nitrogen type techniques.   It tasted pretty good, got some alky although I didn't get the alchoholic parings, nice I like it already!I could go through all the dishes, but I posted pictures of all of them.  I'll go over my favorites:Beet Jewelry-  Beautiful presentation and it tasted delicious, they sprinkle some gold dust on top or something.http://s3yelp3-a.akamaihd.net/bphoto/ODHNmKhaeo5IwGFHFaGH1g/l.jpg Jose Taco- Basically a slide of Jamon de iberico de bellota (high end sliced ham from Spain) served wtih caviar on topRosemary Wild Mushroom in papilllote- delish mushrooms in a creamy sauceSecreto of  Iberico Pork- more of this imported pork from spain, not sure what part of the pig it is, but its you get nice juicy thick chunks of it, kind of like a steak.http://s3yelp3-a.akamaihd.net/bphoto/2zKCVPru5p_1-VFarc0mWw/l.jpgThere were so many other delicious dishes, they used the spherication technique liberally, a few dishes used it, giving you the explosion of liquid in your mouth.The desserts very unique and innovative, saffron chocolate, some sponge looking one with gold dust, chocolate they put in some liquid nitrogen or something to get very unique texture to it.  So much to say but I suggest you go and try it yourself.Seeing all the meticulous work required in plating and presentation was quite a show and I ate it up!  I think lots of the food you can also get at The Bazaar in LA, for you so-cal folks.  Special thanks to Mia, one of the chefs, she was great and had a smile the whole time.  Thanks again to the e staff for the great experience!
5	This is the perfect restaurant to be my 500th review.  It's an accomplishment, a milestone, an experience--both my 500th review and E, of course.  Every dish, every bite was pure perfection.  The preparation was performance.  The space was unusual and an adventure for the eye.  The biggest mistake we made was not getting the drinks pairing and watching jealously as our co-diners drank seemingly delicious liquids from strange containers.  I can't imagine being in Vegas and not visiting E. every single time.
5	I was very excited to dine at E by Jose Andres. A few of my friends ate there a couple weeks prior and they really enjoyed their experience. I was anticipating this meal weeks prior. In order to get reservations you need to send an email (reserve@ebyjoseandres.com) up to 1 month in advance. They only serve 8 people per seating and have only 2 seatings per night (5:30pm and 8:30pm).  About a week prior you should receive your golden tickets for entry to the "show". Trust me ,it won't disappoint!The staff is extremely friendly and well trained. On arrival we were quickly greeted at the entry of Jaleo restaurant. The host, Stephanie, explained the drink options, and left us while we went through the wine menu ( on an iPad). Once our drinks were ordered, she escorted us to a private room where a semi circle table of 8 seats is located. During the meal you enjoy watching the Chefs plate your meal! This is quite an experience, especially because they use many Molecular Gastronomic techniques. The chefs are very precise and meticulous with every dish. In additional to the chef there are 2 additional servers who take care of removing plates after every dish, refilling water, and switching out wine glasses. Service is excellent! Everyone is very attentive and knowledgeable about the cooking methods and wine pairings. There were so many tidbits that I cannot possibly remember everything they told me.While dining I definitely suggest you try on of the paring options. They have a non-alcoholic pairing ($55) and a traditional wine pairing ($110). Both are very interesting. My mom get the non-alcoholic parings and they very cool. Many of the drinks try to mimic actual alcoholic drinks! I personally ordered the regular wine pairings and though it was a amazing. My favorite was drinking out of a porron (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Porron), which was definitely a unique experience. Even if you choose not to do the wine pairings, don't worry a couple drinks are included in the meal. In fact, everyone got two gin and tonic drinks which were prepared very differently.The food was amazing. Overall there were 20+ dishes. I'd have to say everything was very good. A few of my favorites were the lobster, the iberico ham and the mushrooms in cream sauce. While the food tasted very good, a HUGE part of the experience is enjoying the plating and unique cooking methods. The chefs are very talented and are familiar with cooking methods which are not traditionally taught at culinary school. One of the chefs, Mia, even said that she has learned cooking methods at E which were not taught at the Culinary Institue of America. One of my favorite methods was Spherification (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spherification), in which the use a calcium and an alginate bath to form spheres from liquids. These liquid spheres resemble caviar, but are filled with a flavorful burst when eaten. It is techniques like this that make this a truly memorable experience.E is one of my top dining experiences. I'd say overall I enjoyed the food at French Laundry more, but the show at E is like no other. Alinea uses some similar cooking techniques, however at E you get to enjoy watching the chefs preform the art of plating!
5	was really torn about what rating to give E by Jose Andres...but ultimately i had to decide 5-stars b/c the entire experience was pretty amazing!the food is definitely delicious though and credit definitely goes to the chefs for executing such creative dishes. special standouts to me were the fried chicken skin/oyster and iberico pork dishes. I even tried uni and caviar for the first time! while i enjoyed both and im glad i tried both, i hate to say it but i dont think i have a palate for fancy food like that haha...i really recommend getting the alcoholic pairings for additional ~$110 per person. I think i got 9 or so drinks with the pairing in addition to the already included alcohol dishes on the menu.The customer service at E is what really impressed me though! from start to finish, it was an awesome experience. after initially sending in my reservation email...I received a response, sent back my form and got my confirmation back within 48 hours. Got my golden tix a few days before my dinner and i was ready to go! upon my arrival to Jaleo, we were escorted to our dining room and the E team is so wonderful, friendly, helpful, and accommodating. Even though the meal is $160-ish a person, the staff didnt make it feel stuffy at all. it was a very casual, relaxed atmosphere and they encouraged us to ask questions and conversate amongst ourselves. Stephanie, Mia, Lisa, Alfie (sp?) - thank you so much for a wonderful time! i learned so much, tried so many new food/drinks and had an amazing birthday dinner! is truly a once in a lifetime experience especially since i don't think Justin B's credit card liked that dinner total ;) haha
4	Pros: Excellent service, interesting presentations, great foodCons: Expensive ($160 (food) + $120 (drinks pairings) per person)If you're down for foodie adventures and you're willing to spend some money for great food and service, you should check this place out.First of all, you have to make a reservation via email (i.e. reserver@ebyjoseandres.com) up to a month in advance.  When it gets close to your reservation date, you get mailed golden tickets (a la Willy Wonka style).On the day of your reservation, you actually dine in a small room with 8 seats.  All dishes are prepared in front of you.Here are some notable dishes:Crispy Chicken Skin in Escabeche - Perfectly seasoned chicken skin and chicken oysterUni slider - I love uni. You should too.Secreto of Iberico pork - It's like the filet mignon of pork. Moist fatty deliciousnessOverall, great experience.  Our servers and the chefs were super nice and willing to answer any questions that diners might have.  The only issue is the food is a little pricey for my tastes.However, if you're looking to celebrate a special occasion and want to witness molecular gastronomy in person, give this place a try.
5	Dear Chef Andres, The food was incredible from start to finish.  I appreciated how you incorporated modern techniques and whimsical presentations without sacrificing traditional, classic Spanish flavors.  I also loved the look and feel of the room.  But the highlight of this meal was not the food, nor was it the room.  It was the lead chef who presented the meal to us.  I cannot remember her name, but she is the short, bubbly, brunette who is from Puerto Rico and previously worked at Bouchon in Las Vegas.  Her passion and enthusiasm for your food is infectious.  I have never met anyone who loves what they do more than this chef.  I don't know if you've ever had the chance to see her interacting with diners, but she is an absolute natural and you should make sure she is a part of the E family for a long, long time.  Thanks again for a wonderful evening.
5	I"m not going to talk to you about prices, the prices change, if you want up to date information on the pricing, email them.  Their reservation and email information is also easy to find so I'll let you do that on your own too.  What I will tell you about is an experience that no foodie should miss if they have an opportunity to get to Las Vegas.Let me start with getting a reservation.  No frustrating phone call every day at X time, just send a nice email and you can go back and forth with the wonderfully helpful staff until you arrive at a date (I'd book the date first, then plan the rest of the trip so if you don't get the date you want the first time out, it doesn't crush your plans).  Every interaction with the entire staff through the entire experience is wonderful, they really do want you there and it shows. When we arrived we were greeted like we were the most important people in the world.  We waited at the bar for the other guests to arrive, and were given the wine list to browse through and discuss before the 'fun' began.  Once all the guests had arrived, they gathered us and led us into the room, yes it is a separate room.  They attempted to have us sit on the end (one of our party has a food allergy) however the couple that entered first foiled the plan, no worries, Stephanie managed to instantly alert the rest of the staff to the switch up so effectively we didn't even catch the information being relayed.Each item you see, touch, smell, or taste is purposefully though out, every single experience your senses have during your 2-3 hour time at E was planned.   The room is meant to represent the inner workings of Jose's mind, I'll let you enjoy that on your own, I am sure everyone gets something different from the room.  Suffice it to say that it is both artsy, comfortable and functional.  The seating is in a U shape, but not too tight, finally we have a bit of room to be comfortable in (ever eat at Mini Bar, or Table 21?  You'll know what I mean).The food, ahh the food.  Did you get this far and think I would say it sucked?  Heck no, it was amazing.  If this is your first experience in molecular gastronomy you picked a great place to start.  If this isn't your first MG experience, welcome, I think this will make your top 3 in the United States. As a DC native I always want to see our local restaurants be the best, and we do have the precursor to E here in DC, by Jose` Andres even.  It pains me to say, but yes, E was hands down better than Mini Bar in everything from making a reservation, friendliness of staff, the actual space for the experience and the food itself, was all better at E.  I can't wait to go back.
4	Let me start out by saying that I'm not a huge fan of Jose Andres' restaurants in general, but this is the best of the 3 i've tried (Jaleo & Bazaar being the other 2 of his restaurants I've tried).  The experience is very unique.  They send you golden tickets in the mail, which you present for entry in front of Jaleo.  They escort you to the private room of Jaleo, where it's "bar style" seating.  There are only 2 seatings per night, with 8 people per seating.  The decorations in the room are supposed to represent Jose Andres' mind and each dish is inspired by something from his past/memory but with a twist to it. Cool concept. (For example, Jose Andres used to eat calamari sandwiches w/ his family at the beach when he was young, so he used that idea as a course, but thought it would taste good with uni (aka sea urchin), so the course was a sea urchin sandwich instead).  Of course the waitresses explain this narration to you...I didn't make it up.. What's interesting about this tasting menu compared to other restaurants is that they mix in "alcoholic drinks" as a course...and there are quite a few of these alcoholic courses.  The first course is "gin & tonic."  Let me tell you, for a light weight, this thing is STRONG...and made me buzzed on my empty stomach (haha).  22 courses total, all presented very intricately.  My favorites that stood out were: crispy chicken skin in escabeche, apple brazo de gitano (this meringue cylinder filled with light cheese-melts in your mouth), and a white "soup." called Ajo Blanco.Each course looks very beautiful, but not every course tastes as amazing as it looks.  For example, the desserts at the end were only ok.  Some were better than others (best was apples & red wine), but the finale was disappointing.  The finale featured this sponge (not much flavor), fizzy paper (light, crunchy w/ citrus flavor), and chocolate air.  I did NOT like the chocolate air at all.  It was light in weight, but when you bite into it,  it's dense. The flavor isn't that good; it reminds me of stale chocolate.  Not a fan...took a bite..did not finish it.  My friend seemed to like it though, and ate it for me.  As for alcoholic pairing, I didn't do it, but I saw others do it.  It's A LOT of alcohol.  You definitely need a high tolerance to consider adding it (or maybe share one pairing between 2 people).  The non-alcoholic pairing is not worth it.  The drinks didn't pair that well with the food and some of the drinks weren't that good (they looked pretty, but not that tasty).  For example, they had this watermelon spice drink...I don't know about you, but i like refreshing drinks..this one tasted funky and left a spice kick in my mouth...no bueno.  Overall, great dining experience.  It's like watching a show when they prepare your food.  The total experience lasts about 3 hours.  If you have a low tolerance like me, you might even leave buzzed (one of the desserts has rum in it & is STRONG).  Definitely fun & unique, but in terms of food quality overall, it's just good, not amazing.
5	jose andres is really on the top of the game.... Bazaar /SAAM are just amazing in LA...and e is another great performance.So satisfying, so focused, and the entire experience is well orchestrated.Not every dish has to be a hit...but the overall experience arc should work together to ramp up and climax and then get a resolution.  And this is what Jose Andres has been good at.very simple and creative and non-conventional.Even if the food can be simple, but the method of consuming it was unique makes the experience memorable.From the wine pairing to desserts....this dinner was very enjoyable and refreshingly surprising.Definitely worth another visit next year when they change the menu.  I cant wait.
5	Well, what can I say that hasn't been said below??  This is as good as it gets, as in my best dining experience EVER.  As others have stated, the food is indeed inspired, beautiful, and playful but it is really all about the entire experience that makes e so unforgettable!Stephanie is fantastic, along with her crew and all the participating chefs.  It was one of the first times that I have dined somewhere so upscale, yet so unpretentious.  The "bar" setup allowed for great conversations between the 8 diners, really lending to the whole communal experience that Jose Andres enjoys.  To sound simplistic, this was incredibly fun.  Yes it was expenisve and is exclusive, but once you are there it doesn't feel that way.  It is just so very enjoyable and relaxed and mindblowing all at the same time.In short, it was well worth emailing at 3:01AM EST to assure a spot at this table.  I would (and will) do it again the next time in Vegas.
5	Made it to E on Sept 2nd, 2011.  Get to this restaurant.  It's worth the wait/money/chance/effort to eat here.  20 servings, most of which I loved.  When you have that many servings, you are not going to like/love everything, it's impossible.   Loved most, loved that when you get the alcohol pairing, it is part of the meal as well.  Started with frozen Gin and Tonic, hated gin, but I love it now.   Where E feels better than all, is that you have a host that takes you thru the dinner and wine/cocktail/beer pairings.  The atmosphere was so comfortable that the entire evening was an event as opposed to dinner.  At anytime you can talk to the people plating the food, and talk to the host, and they felt so comfortable with you as their guests, it was like you were at your friends house for dinner.   The only pretentious thing may be the other diners and with groups of 8 only twice nightly you should be in good company.  We were in a group of 4, another cool couple from D.C., and a couple from Los Angeles.    4 people with pairing will be about 360.00 per person incl tip.  If you can do it....do it, it lasts about 3 hours and you will depart fulfilled.  5 Stars is for overall experience.  Food is amazing, but don't expect to like everything, but the people that present and feed you are why this restaurant is a must.
5	Dammit, e', you suck. Besides the fact that I still don't know how to pronounce you, you've ruined me. You've ruined any five star rating I could possibly give because none of them will really be able to compete. Yes, this includes the five stars I gave to Popeye's whose chicken is dabombandyoucanallsuckitifyoudisagreebecauseIvebeenknowntoeatanentire10pieceboxinasinglesittingbitches.Even then, five stars to Popeye'e and five stars to e'? That doesn't seem quite right. Six stars to e'? Wait a sec. Ten piece box of spicy chicken for $8.99? 20 course meal at e' for....a mortgage payment?OK, I guess things equal out in the end.Yeah, this isn't an everyday kind of meal place. It's a special occasion, once-in-blue-moon-and-if-that-moon-were-rich-and-crapped-gold-in-your-lap kind of place. We didn't care though. It was my birthday and my wife wanted to see me happy. She sure enough saw me grin through the foodiest douchebaggiest experience of both of our lives and my wife rules.I won't go into too many details since most Yelpers have repeated them ad nauseum. My dishes were pretty similar to most others with the exception of the ever-changing "Catch of the Day." (Ours was turbot for the record.)The chicken skin was memorable. The secreto of iberico ham rave-worthy. But it was the "chickpea" stew that made me actually swear a series of expletives into my bowl. I believe I was quoting the celebrated poet Lord Byron when I muttered into my bowl, "You've got to be fucking kidding me" and "I'd eat this shit off of Bin Laden's bloated, decaying corpse."There are only eight seats, sidled up to a high-top bar. I think that a diner's experience would depend heavily on their surrounding companions. Fortunately, after a few courses (and some flowing wine), we all warmed up to one another. Jose Andres is famous for encouraging diners to play with their food and play we did. Observations were made and notes were shared. "What did you think of this?" and "Could you taste the jasmine in the foam? So did I!" One of us had the vegetarian option and she described in detail her obviously different experience. My glutarded wife requested the gluten-free option and she did the same for the others. I and one other had sprung for the full alcohol pairing, but after the ninth pairing, what seemed to us a cogent and eloquent discourse in which we deconstructed every layer, aroma, and lovingly created component for our dining companions was most likely, when I think back on it, a couple of guys who sounded like the Hulk and Cookie Monster trying to read a restaurant review out of Parade magazine. None of us cared though because we had a ball. Yes, your individual experiences may vary, so I hope for your sake, you get a fun group.The service was professional and precise. The staff introduced each meal and fielded questions. They were upfront when needed, stayed in the background when not.A few final notes: 1) You get to take home a menu, which answers the question, "How do all these Yelpers remember what they ate to put in their reviews?" 2) You also get to keep your golden ticket. We actually never received ours in the mail, but they made sure we walked away with a couple. 3) the coffee is not part of the meal. You'll be charged for it. Nothing in Vegas is free, yo. Stupid coffee. 4) If you're on an iPhone, good luck checking in. Or doing anything on that phone for that matter. This restaurant exists in an AT&T blackhole. If you're meeting friends afterwards, make sure your plans are well-defined beforehand. 5) We never got to sign the guest book. In fact, this last note is my only gripe in an otherwise perfect night. Guestbook, man, guestbook! How can I prove I was there?! I mean, other than the pictures. And receipt. Oh and the menus and golden ticket.All right, just forget I said anything.
4	4.5+ starsRatings aren't really fair -- it truly was a very memorable experience. Service was outstanding. It really was theater -- food ranged from outstanding to very good.One of my more memorable food experiences. Now if we could just get the restaurants in DC by Jose Andres to operate at par with his Vegas outposts.
5	This is a restaurant inside of a restaurant, how tricky is that? But me oh my, this place will knock your socks off. The food was truly phenomenal and the service was even better.Some of the stand out dishes:Chicken oysters on chicken rind - I've never had chicken oysters but this has turned me into a HUGE fan of them. I would have to say this was probably top 3Citrus lobster - cooked perfectly and the air (not foam, as the chefs can explain if you like) was absolutely delicious. I was scraping at my plate to get every last drop of flavor off of there.Pork with squid and parsley air - The squid actually complemented the pork really well the air gave just a light touch of parsley flavorRosemary wild mushrooms - At first I was confused as to whether we could eat the bag, but don't. They'll cut it open for you so that you can drink up that delicious broth. If I could get this broth, I would cook everything in it. I would even just drink it as a plain soup. All of the desserts were just top notch and so creative! Never would have expected a lemon fizzy paper! When it touches your tongue, it almost feels as how pop rocks feel which was pretty cool.I could go on and on about all of the dishes, but Nelson Q. has already done an amazing job describing each dish.I will say that there were some dishes I wasn't a huge fan of, but everyone has different tastes. You are bound to love at least 1/3 of the dishes and the staff is extremely accommodating to any food allergies, etc.I recommend getting the drink pairings, both alcoholic and non alcoholic. I thought they were a nice finishing touch to each little morsel and one of the wines was just so much fun to drink! Who would have thought of pouring wine out of a strangely shaped flask directly into the mouth would be so tasty? Definitely not for the clumsy though.Even if the don't find yourself loving the food, this place is well worth the experience. If you're making a reservation for this place, you probably already know it will make a dent in your wallet. But this place sure knows how to make a memorable dinner.
5	This may be the best dining experience currently available in Las Vegas.You have to e-mail to get reservations - a couple gold tickets showed up in our mailbox about a week prior.  This little sub-restaurant is in a small room behind the bar - eight bar stools around a curving counter, all facing the action.They call it a performance, and it really is - the preparation of the meal is well choreographed - pacing is very quick.  Service was good, personal and friendly.The food uses a lot of molecular techniques, and is based on Spanish cuisine.  Others have written about specific courses.  I thought the flavors were excellent and the preparations were playful.  It is just a wonderful experience to see it all plated in front of you and be able to talk with the chefs about it as they perform.They mentioned that this is a sister restaurant of Minibar in DC.There is one choice you have to make - you can get an alcoholic pairing or a non-alcoholic pairing with the food.  Both pairings were creative and interesting, and we were surprised that no other couple chose to order both.Anyway.  Just go here.  It's awesome.
5	Best dining experience of my life! Sent my email, received my golden tickets and enjoyed some of the best cooking theater of my life! I don't want to ruin it so I'm going to stop talking....GO!! RIGHT NOW!! GOOO!!!!!!
5	a wonderful experience. perfect balance of presentation/ texture, wine pairing, and foodie staff who help us plan out 3 meals next day
5	Ok I am writing this review a little late...because my wife always teases me about eating somewhere and then saying I would write a review, and I never get around to it.  So here we go...I came across this Minibar esque restaurant via some advice back in May (btw I ate here in May), from my brother.  Since I have been at almost all of TFG's resaturant I wanted to try this tasting bar tucked behind the Las Vegas Jaleo.  I had concierge call to get me a seating so I did not get to enjoy the wonderful golden tiket to make you feel like you are about to enter Willy Wonka's factory.  But all the wonderful surprises made up for that small detail.This sea urchin sandwich still makes my mouth water...I also really enjoyed the super crispy chicken skin that came out.  This squid cracker was exceptional and I have to admit that all the dishes were perfect.  The desserts with the minute pound cake inspired from Albert Adria was also a little treat.  To make the experience even better Jose Andres was in house that day, and came around to check on some other guests from Spain.  It was good to see him that day and made the experience even more enjoyable.  The price tag is a little high but if you have a chance to get the reservations then I would definitely suggest going and savoring the unique dishes from Spain with the avante garde preparation.
5	The best meal ever - I realize I said that once but this is my new best. It made me want to cry tears of joy. If there's anyway you can afford this then do yourself a favor and go!! You won't get a golden ticket with last minute reservations. Try one alcohol & one non-alcohol pairing for the most variety. Ask questions and keep an open mind. Vegetarian options looked awesome!  I won't say more, since people have already detailed everything - but seriously, go...book a two day trip around your reservation and enjoy.  Keep an open mind.
5	I've dined at E three times, with my first visit February 8th of 2011.  I'm not going over the food, there are too many people here who have done the food much better justice with pictures to boot.  I just have a bone to pick with anyone who rates this place less than 5 stars for any reason.  You dine here for $250 per person.  The price includes all the described courses of food, accompanying wines, tip, and tax.  If you can find an experience anywhere in the world that comes close in inventiveness, attention to detail in food and service, and sheer volume of food and drink, I'd love to hear it.  Because it's fictional.  There is nothing in the states or overseas that even comes close. Taste is subjective, and each of us may find a fault through difference of individual taste.  I'm a chef from Phoenix, and I feel privileged to have a place this good within a short drive.  If you've dined at E, you've had an experience as close to perfect as I can even define.  I used to dine at Bar Charlie while it was still open, and I've dropped over a grand there for dinner for two without hesitation.  If you've got a complaint about E over price or value, you're just plain nuts.
5	A tour de force of Spanish cuisine.  A meal at E is a dining experience capturing the excitement and joy of discovery through food and conversation.  This exclusive restaurant within a restaurant is a tapas bar on steroids.  Modernist cuisine at its finest as molecular gastronomy collides with traditional techniques.  This is one of the greatest foodie adventures bar none.There is no menu.  The offerings change with the seasons.  Unfortunately, the incredible salt crusted foie from the fall of 2011 is not a part of the current winter 2012 offering.  All good.  The ingredients are incredible.  From selections of sublime, umame packed cured ham to the sweet earthiness of roasted Iberico pork to the salty brininess of quality caviar everything works to create flavor explosions.Sure, every course may not be to your liking but with the huge number of courses, you are sure to find something you can't live without.  The progression of dishes is very bold.  Courses compete with one another, with each making a bolder statement than the last.  Utterly incredible.  Desert lovers rejoice, the meal ends with multiple deserts.  The only way to describe them is WOW!Opt for the wine pairing.  The selections tie the meal together perfectly.  The entire evening is engaging.  You watch the chefs prepare and plate the majority of dishes right in front of you.  Conversation between the chefs and your fellow guest is encouraged.  It is an extremely social meal.  Just wait until you start sharing wine from the porron.  Unintentionally missing your mouth and pouring wine on your face and down your neck is a real ice breaker.There is only one way to make a reservation at E, through email.  Don't bother calling the Cosmo.  They can't help you.  Send an email request to reserve@ebyjoseandres.com with the number of your party (not to exceed eight), and a range of dates and times.  A restaurant manager will respond and ask about any food allergies and dietary restrictions.  If your restrictions can be met and if there are openings, your invitation will be confirmed.  You will receive your golden tickets via SNAIL MAIL.  Bring them with you.Probably the best $250 you will spend at a top restaurant anywhere.An open mind and open heart?  You will have the time of your life.  Highly recommended!
5	Last Saturday evening four of us were treated to the meal of our life at E. From the moment we were greeted to the last bite on leaving it was just extraordinary. I would like to start with the staff...engaging yet invisible, knowledgeable yet not the least bit condescending, and above all great smiles and eager to make our evening memorable. Next is the food quality...so ridiculously good As to be other worldly! Every course was another adventure into exquisite taste never before matched. To top it off, presentation with Brett and Catherine's attention to the most minute detail was unprecedented in my 58 years of dining!Thank you Jose Andres for bringing this experience to Vegas....we can't wait to get back.
5	I was nervous about this place, as I got my confirmation via email for my reservation (see other yelp reviews for details on how to get reservation), and it congratulated me and invited me to the "show". Whenever a restaurant refers to itself as a "show", I fear that it will be significantly more pretentious than necessary. Well, they were right. It is a show. An amazing show. They captivate you from the moment you go into that small 8-person room. They introduce you to your chefs for the evening, who are so talented and creative. They start off making a tasty drink with liquid nitrogen. I didn't do the wine pairing, but it looked fun. I ordered a glass of wine, and I kept getting refills, which I didn't get charged for. The waiter may have felt sorry for me b/c I was there alone, as most people there were with their significant other. That's okay... at the end of the night, you feel like you're friends with everyone you sat with. Every bite of food was amazing. Even something as simple as an olive in a spoon exploded in your mouth. I loved the bone marrow in the phyllo cone (and I'm not even a big bone marrow fan). I wish they had foie gras on the night I was there though.   A lot of liquid nitrogen used and a lot of foam. My only complaint is that there were more sweet flavors rather than savory ones. I would have liked it to be the other way around. Also there was no red meat (only fish and pork) on the night I was there. I would have liked some red meat. But the food was all incredible. One of the best meals of my life! I enjoyed the show!
5	Dinner was at 8:30 on 2.24.12 I have been looking forward to this dinner for a long time. Everything about the dinner has already been said in the other reviews, except that if you do not drink on a regular basis and you decide to get the alcoholic pairing you will leave dunk and might not remember some of the last dishes. It was the best meal of my life and one of the top for my honey also. $684.23 for two dinners and two wine pairings.
5	There isn't much to say that hasn't been said.  Easily the best meal I've ever had.
5	WALLAH saved the best review for last as I catch up on writing reviews tonight!I'm Customer #3339! Yes, each guest that dines at this restaurant gets their own number.  Makes you feel kinda special I guess.We got lucky with getting reservations here exactly a month in advance so it must've been meant to be :-)  Each seating only seats 8 guests; 2 seatings a night. I've been to Alinea in Chicago few years ago so I knew what to expect.  I think I may have actually enjoyed e by Jose Andres a slight more maybe because it was more interactive and intimate experience because you sit in a curved table watching the chefs semi-prepare your meals. The amount of prep work the chefs had to do to orchestrate the 20+ courses was quite remarkable.  The details and intricacy of each dish was impressive. (astericks tagged next to dishes I really enjoyed)        1. Rebujito - alcoholic drink they stirred up and topped with foam reminded me of this drink I had at the Lobby Lounge at the Modern (formerly called Edition) hotel in Hawaii.         2. Spanish "Clavel" - beautifully shaped into a flower and served in the palm of Jose Andre's hand. Tasted like candy        3. Beet Jewelry - they said to eat it off your pinky finger like a ring. Dusted with gold. Tasted like beet chips with a savory sweet taste. *        4. Caramelized Pork Rinds - ehhh wasn't too into this        5. Apple "Brazo de Gitano" - light airy texture and sweet. we were confused why it seemed like it was starting out with "dessert" like courses.       6. Nitro Almond Cup - wow, this was genius. It looked like half an egg shell with caviar and cream in it. The chef said to eat it quick because it will melt so I put the whole thing in my mouth. Quite a surprise. **       7. Crispy Chicken Skin in Escabeche - not a chicken skin fan but this was quite delicious. tender chicken on crispy skin topped with foam.       8.  Jose Taco - caviar wrapped in proscuitto - nothing special, it was as you could imagine.       9. Olivia Sferica Ferran Adria - olive juice in a bubble so it pops in your mouth and tastes like an olive. they process to make this sounded quite intricate.       10.  Bocata de Calamares - similar to the sandwich but of course with a twist. It had a huge piece of sweet uni from Santa Barbara. **      11. Cava Sangria - a SHOT of alcohol in the same bubble like thing as the olive.  whew, woke me up!      12. Artichoke "puree" with Vanilla - it looked like sato imo (small japanese mountain potatoes) but it was little artichokes. never had anything like that. It was in a nice dark sauce with lemon foam dressed on the side.        13.  Lobster with citrus and jasmine foam - MY FAVORITE! I love lobster and jasmine so pairing the two was heaven. The dish was beautifully plated with citrus segments.**      14.   Chickpea stew with Iberico Ham - this was a pretty dish you just wanted to just stare at and not eat. This was a favorite amongst the entire table. It was like a delicate cream stew with garbanzo dumpling like things.       15. Turbot with bone marrow - the moist white fish had a crispy skin and was complimented well with grounded coffee grinds on the side. The chef was raving about the bone marrow filled pockets but it was nothing special for me.      16. Rosemary wild mushrooms in Papillote - wrapped in a cellophane bag, this was like a mushroom soup with scents of rosemary, then topped with foam again.  One of the guest had a substitute of veal cheeks since he doesn't like mushrooms so we were all quite envious of that dish.       17.  Secreto of Iberico pork with squid - loved the pork and sauce. This dish once again topped with some green vegetable foam. *      Still not over yet....can't forget about the desserts!!!     18.  Orange Pith Puree La Serena - spooned goat cheese plated with sauces and thin piece of bread.      19. Flan - beautifully plated with four small pieces of flan and flowers and mint with shaved ice in the middle drizzled with caramel. I enjoyed watching them making this one.*     20. Pan Con Chocolate - was the least attractive dish but what a treat, my favorite dessert course. top looked like it was sprinkled with dirt but it was chocolate cake that melts in your mouth. Layers underneath had crunch which gave it texture to the creaminess of the dessert.**     21. "Arroz Con Leche" - arroz con leche in a cone made with melted sugar, kicks of citrus.*     22. 25 second Bizcocho - they said it took only 25 seconds to make this cake like volcano in the microwave. similar to a chiffon cake, very light. Dusted with gold.    23. Fizzy paper - crispy paper like candy but wakes you up with the strong citrus flavors.    24. "Air" Chocolate - just like the name, airy chocolate, one that was bitter dark and the other yogurt flavored.Yes we felt like we ate enough food that could last a week in our tummies but the memories would last for a long time.
5	One of the ten top restaurants where reservations are nearly impossible!A tapas restaurant secluded behind the bar of the Jaleo restaurant, on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan.From the moment you are greeted at Jaleo, where you check in, you are celebrated as a winner of the Willy Wonka golden ticket holder.  You are seated in a table near the bar where you can order a drink, while waiting for the remainder of the the guests to show.  When all of the guests arrive, you are escorted to a room behind the bar, where there is a food bar where you can see all of the food preparation.  Think of it like seating at a sushi bar where you can see the food prepared.The staff is busy preparing their first of 18 or so tapas dishes. My wife is an omnivore, but I am a vegan.  They do NOT prepare vegan, so I opted to attend as a vegetarian, which they will accommodate.  Overall, my wife was far more impressed with my food than her's.  There were some subtle substitutions, but the vegetarian looked very similar to the omnivore's dinner.My favorite dinner drink is a Tanqueray Ten gin martini. So when they completed the meal with a frozen ball of gin as the special guest of honor, I was thrilled. But unfortunately, it was much too sweet for a man who drinks straight alcohol.  Never-the-less, it was a memorable night and one that will not be soon forgotten.With the meal and the alcohol/wine pairing, dinner was $903.  So, not a happy meal price but a wonderfully, incredible experience.If you really want to celebrate that special night, here's how to get in.  Send an email enquiring about dinner.  They in turn will give you an email address to send your request 30 days out.  We are in Central time, so at 2 am Central, 12:00 midnight Las Vegas, I sent the request.  The next day, they sent a PDF file to fill out with the participants names.  You fill it out and fax it back to them, along with $195 charge per person.  You put your credit card information on the sheet you are faxing back to them.Be committed, because you can lose your $195 x 2 charge (if two people attending). But if you're serious, you can be seated.  Plan your trip around the date you want eat e by Jose.
5	When we came here the first time in 2011, we were certainly very impressed even comparing to jose's other restaurant Bazaar. Therefore, when we came here the second time, we kept our expectation low feeling like they would not be able to do any better than the first time. Somehow, they were able to wow us again with almost a different menu! Some of the dishes from 2011 were just creative not tasty for us. In the 2012 version, we had absolutely no complaints on every single dish. I usually don't write reviews unless the dining experience is really good or really bad. E is for sure a winner and we re looking forward to go there again once they change heir menu again. Bring your date there to impress. It will be a life time experience. =]
5	wow.  amazing~!!  i went at the end of last month and it was such an experience!  the entire meal was truly unique.  you sit at a bar-type table and the chefs prepare each meal in front of you.  it's interactive because you can ask them questions and chat about the ingredients they use, etc.  they use the food as an art form, playing with textures, temperatures, etc.  i did not go with the wine flight to go with the meal but i did order a glass of wine to go with all of the courses.  it was perfect for me since they also gave us a cocktail to start off our courses.the reservation process for me was seamless.  sent in a request about 3 weeks ahead on a sunday night, heard from them by monday, confirmed reservation by tuesday.  try this place if you can...i don't think you will regret it!
4	We very much enjoyed our dinner here but will echo what another writer said, which is that the meal goes very fast...almost too fast.  I wish they would leave another minute or two between the courses just to give folks an opportunity to truly appreciate all the fine favors of the dishes.  The chefs move so fast and announce the dishes so quickly, that some of the meal felt like a blur.  The only other suggestion I would have would be for them to do a bit more of the preparation in front of the diners instead of just the plating.  Some of the various processes they talked about sounded really interesting, but we didn't get to see that aspect of the preparation, which was a bit disappointing.  I expected that they would be cooking in front of us, not just preparing the final products.  Other than that, the food was spectacular and the service was outstanding.  When we asked questions about the various dishes, the chefs were more than willing to explain how the dishes were made.  I wish they gave more explanation up front, but I guess some diners are more interesting in the process than others and the chefs are just trying to keep everyone happy. Unfortunately, we had some real duds at our dinner - four guys who managed to be late for dinner and then showed about zero interest in the meal.  I couldn't believe how rude these guys were, especially given the cost of the meal.  But the chefs were gracious and didn't seem to mind all that much.All in all we had a wonderful dinner and definitely recommend the experience.
4	Just had the experience in the past week.  It was really neat and entertaining.  The food was interesting and tasty.  I found the experience a bit rushed.  There were a couple of standout dishes.  Im glad I said I did it.  They need to change their silly reservation system and need to eliminate a couple of dishes to provide more substance to the meat and fish courses and make the experience less rushed.  For the money I would rather go to L'atellier at MGM.
5	On our second visit to e we got the drinks pairing since we had so regretted not getting it the last time.  I'm writing this update to suggest that unless you're a big drinker, don't do the drinks pairing.  We were wasted for our last 2 dishes and basically needed a nap after dinner.  Still, everything else about the meal was perfection.  e can do no wrong.
5	On making reservations:It can be ambiguous and quite a challenge. It took 2 trips to Vegas for the stars to finally align for me to finally be able to get in. They have 2 seating a night and they seat about 10 people inside a separate room in Jaleo at the Cosmopolitan. You must email them exactly one month in advance at midnight Vegas time, which means if you are traveling from the east coast set up an email rule to send your email at 3:01AM. Also have several dates and times that you are available to increase your chances of getting in.On the dining experience:I dined here on a Sunday evening after a monster weekend in Vegas. This is definitely a social experience with the other diners sitting around the bar style seating. I felt just as comfortable dining here solo as I would with a date. About half the group were actually solo diners. Our group was young, funny, and very social. Don't feel pressured to do the wine pairing, although I heard it was excellent only 2 or 3 of the diners in our group did it. Plus we were greeted with a glass of champagne when we sat regardless of whether you ordered the wine pairing and one of the dishes was, as I would describe it, a large sangria caviar. So there is enough alcohol served if you wanted to drink light.On the show:The show here is the two chefs in action. Most of the dishes have been prepared somewhat in advance, but they are assembled and discussed right in front of your eyes. Some of the dishes came off like alchemy. Feel free to ask any questions you want, they are happy to discuss the dishes in detail. The 2 chefs/wizards said it takes 36 man hours to prepare for each service.Normally I would go into detail about each dish but there were just too many and you don't have a choice in what you eat. You just get to try everything. The dishes ranged from good to amazing. I've been to a handful of places that I would say had better food, but the presentation and creativity at work here is unmatched. On my visit it cost $199 + tax, I was told there was no tipping even after insisting. If you are interested or curious about molecular gastronomy then it is worth the visit. If like me the high price is tough to swallow, do what I did, look at it as a great Vegas show instead of a dinner you won't regret it.*Posted are a picture of the golden ticket you get when you make a reservation, their menu you get to take home, and a few of the dishes.
5	This is quite overdue.  I've been busy but don't worry kids, I'll come here a second time and record as much as I can.First off, no.  Do not take a date here on the first date.  There are thing like chicken skin and other strange things that might creep them out.But if your date, friends, or family is into molecular gastronomy and is just a big foodie in general, then yes- this is the way to go.  Keep in mind that your check will probably cover a mortgage payment of two.The show aspect of the dinner was absolutely great- I love eating at different places and I've worked at many restaurants, so you can only imagine the questions I kept bombarding the team with.The flavors flowed very nicely and was really a great display over Andre's mastery of flavors and their interactions with each other and with taste buds.  Some dishes were robust like the Iberico ham, while some dishes, like this orange puree we had, were soft and seemed to carry the other flavors on to the next heavy-hitting dish.  Oh, and Jose Andres seems to have a thing for foam.  Very creative.Other than that, I don't think I'll be coming back any time soon.  I'd like to reserve this restaurant for a more special occasion and since none seem to be coming up, we'll wait a bit.
5	Dining at e' is a life changing experience.It took me months to get a reservation that would accommodate everyone I wanted to share this dinner with. It's not just the food that's amazing it's the atmosphere, and being able to openly communicate with the staff about what's happening. The dining room is small and intimate with seating for only 8 guests. Walls are lined with unique art and card catalog drawers which are actually functional for the staff. There were more courses than I can remember. Each dish is elegantly prepared in front of you as if you are watching a foodie cirque show!If dining as a couple or even as friends I suggest getting one of each: the alcohol and non alcohol paring to compliment your dinner. The non alcohol beverages were incredible! Take the time to make a reservation, spend the money and ENJOY!
5	Everything that's been said about the food is spot-on; some of the best ingredients you'll ever have, prepared with the utmost respect in an amazing fashion.  It's not a meal, its an experience.We got to Jaleo 15 minutes before our reservation, as requested, and ended up waiting another half hour to be taken into the "restaurant".  Some other reviewers have mentioned getting a glass of champagne when they show up, we were never offered any.  No worries though, watching everything going on in Jaleo is entertaining enough.  Ended up being because someone else didn't make it; sucks for them.Some have mentioned that pricing is rather ambiguous, however, we didn't find this to be the case at all.  While we were waiting, Patrick, our server for the evening, explained everything well, gave us the ipad drink list, explained the wine pairings, etc.  I did the Taste of Spain pairing, which was good for the most part, but I found a couple of the pairings odd.  Not sure if it was worth the $130 or not.The only real gripe we had, and it is a pretty big one, was that the servers made a point of telling us that the Chefs were included in the automatic gratuity, and that we were welcome to leave extra "if we desired."  I'm sorry, but that's tacky.  I own a restaurant, and if I heard one of my servers doing this I'd flip.  There's no need for that in a restaurant of this caliber.Besides that, totally worth the money, amazing experience, the room itself is beautiful, service is fantastic, and the food alone makes going here worth it.
5	Wow, what a unique dinning experience!  If you can get a seat, please go.  It will be a dinner you wont forget.  All the raves and reviews are true.  Remember to try the the Paella from Jaleo on the way out.Lucky for us Jose and his corporate chef (the guy from el bulli) were in town updating the menu.
5	OMFG!This was by far the most expensive and memorable meal of my life. My wife and I dined here about two months ago. We shared the drink pairing. Two meals and one drink pairing came to $666. Though dare I say it, it was TOTALLY worth it.I love cooking and trying new foods. If you do, too, this is totally the place for you. You will love it. If you're not a foodie and not into unique cooking techniques, you'll probably find it overpriced and won't fully appreciate it. That being said, it was the perfect place for me.There were four couples in our sitting. None of us knew each other, but we all seemed to be the same basic type. Foodies who make pretty good money but aren't exactly rich who are willing to pay for a one-of-a-kind once-in-a-lifetime dining experience.We all LOVED our food. In fact, at one point the chefs left to get something from the kitchen and one of the guys said, "Good, they're gone. Now we can lick our plates." We all chuckled but all highly considered it. No one wanted to waste one single drop of deliciousness.I would say my favorite course was the chickpea soup with iberico pork. The "chickpeas" were filled with iberico pork and chickpea broth. It was amazing. I had never had iberico pork and instantly fell in love.I am not a fan of desserts and there were quite a few served. However, I have to admit that I liked every single one of them. My favorite involved olive oil, cocoa powder and mascarpone or something similar. We were instructed to drag our spoons through the olive oil and into the cocoa powder. Sounded weird but WOW!My wife is a connoisseur of flan and said that hands down e's was the best she had ever had. I don't care for flan, but I had to agree this flan was delish! I could go on and on about every single course. But lots of people have already done that, and it would be very hard to truly do any of the courses justice.Aside from the food itself, the other awesome aspect was being able to watch the creation and plating of many of the courses. Everything was done with such care and perfection. The chefs used droppers and tweezers to carefully add the most delicate items. I was in awe throughout the whole dinner and was envious of the chefs who get to work with such great ingredients every day.About midway through the dinner, the chefs told us to look behind us. When we did, we saw none other than Jose' Andres. He was in town for Uncork'd and stopped in for a moment to see how we were all doing. We all expressed our amazement at everything we had tried thus far.When we finished our meal, I saw Jose' sitting at one of the tables in Jaleo. I asked one of the waiters if it would be okay for me to go up to him and ask for his autograph. He said that Jose' was being interviewed by a food magazine but should be done shortly and I could wait at the bar and approach him once he was done. I did so, and once his interview was over I was able to catch him before he went back into the kitchen. He autographed my menu and my wife took a picture of us. The people from the food magazine were still around and their photographer snapped a few pics too. It was a perfect ending to a perfect night.I mentioned earlier that this was a once-in-a-lifetime experience. However, I can't imagine never going back. Maybe I should change that to a once every 5 years event. Or if I get a big raise, maybe once a year. Even my wife who usually gets upset when we go to higher-priced places as she thinks it's not worth it (and that's with a bill about 1/6 of e'), said that the meal was totally worth it.
5	The tragedy of e' is that after my meal here, my body will turn the food that I ate into poop. This is a shame and it is insulting to the brilliance of the food that any part of it would wind up in a toilet(albeit in a severely altered form). I like to think that the food served at e' is not excreted like a typical sandwich, but it is instead ascended to a higher plane of existence somewhere in my soul. Yeah. That makes me feel better.e' is an incomparable dining experience that trumps anything I've had in Las Vegas. The experience is part meal and part show, where the chef will explain and answer questions regarding the preparation of each bite. Highlights include the turbot, chickpea soup, and assorted insane desserts. Some bites didn't blow me away(reduced olive) but I don't care because when something at e' shines, it makes you question everything you've been eating so far in your previously wretched culinary existence.The room is intimate without being claustrophobic and is decorated in an interesting way, with random oddities placed upon walls set to look like library drawers.So save up some money at your job, start a pyramid scheme, kill a hooker, cook meth, or win the lottery. Do whatever it takes to afford a nice meal at e'. Don't think of it as a super expensive meal - Think of it as a trip to a super expensive theme park where you get to eat some rare and delicious foods.
5	5 stars!!!!  Can't say enough about the overall experience, it was the most amazing meal I have ever experienced.... I like Danna C's title OMFG, oh yes, that sums it up. Went in Aug 2012....dreamySo, from my online research, I thought you had to make a reservation no earlier than midnight one month in advance, so a couple nights after I discovered this restaurant online, I set my alarm for 2AM CST (12 AM PST) to make a reservation by email, as they take emai reservations only...later found out they changed to three months in advance, so I pretty much could have called the night I discovered this gem. Oh well, it was worth it! I was giddy like a little kid when I got confirmation that I got the spot! ( to be fair, I am often giddy like a little kid over random things)Ambience: It is in a secret room in the back of Jaleo, ummm that obviously makes it cool, no seriously, it was pretty much the coolest space/idea ever... Only 8 seats at a high top bar, with 2 seatings per night, which automatically gives it mega ambience points due to the underground exclusivity of it all... I felt very special to have gotten in, not to mention you get a golden ticket when you are "awarded" a seat at the "show" Food: There were 24, YES 24!! courses, and some were literally a bite or two, but oooooh ahhhh, it was excitement overload, as you get to watch the chefs create, plate, serve, explain every single intricate component and course, WOW, and it is very interactive, you can ask questions and meet the people you sit with since it is so intimate, the space you share with the other guests is more like eating at one big table with new friends...Obviously too many courses to list, so here are some highlights:Caramelized Pork Rinds: sweet, salty, porky! what a great idea :)Nitro Almond Cup: liquid nitrogen is used to turn marcona almond puree into a little cup shape w/ almas ara caviar inside, so delicious as the "frozen" cups starts melting, and the richness of the marcona almonds (one of my favorite snacks on the planet!) melts, and you get the saltiness of the caviar, genius!Turbot w/ Bone Marrow: Well the fish was great, but the standout was the little tubes of fried bone marrow topped w/ caviar. Oh my, this bone marrow melted in your mouth and was heavenly... I wanted more of them!Wild Mushrooms In Papillote: you see a little pouch, and wonder, what ever is in this pouch, and then someone cuts the pouch, and this smell emerges, ohhhhh shiz it's morels!! YUM, earthy, creamy, morels, so tastyFlan: orange flavored crushed ice sprinkled on the plate with a few mini baby flans, together, they created dreamsicle magic in my mouth and I liked itPan Con Chocolate: Who knew olive oil and chocolate would be so fab together, apparently Jose did, and of course there was a salty element to tie it all together, it was very unique and tastyArroz Con Leche: Heavenly rice pudding action in a caramelized cone thing, I know, my description doesn't do it justice, but hell, there were 24 courses! I can't remember all the details, but this was crazy good...I didn't get the wine pairing, as it pretty much cost the same as the meal to do, OUCH, but I did try Estrella Damm Inedit for the first time, and it was super yummy and has become a regular purchase from my local Whole Foods, this beer was created by Ferran Adria to be paired with fine food... and that it does...XOXO, E, I love you and miss you already! Can't wait to go back!
5	So, I finally forked over the big bucks to dine at E.  And what can I say... a very fantastic experience.  I have dined at Jaleo several times, food was always good, but service was always a bit to Vegas (I'm above all, union mentality, if you don't spend more than $500 tonight I don't need to service your table attitude).But here at E - it was very relaxed yet refined.  This is the best food experience in Vegas - bar none.  I'm not going to give the full run down - but, I'm already planning to go back in the next few months.If you are not a foodie, or if you are going with someone that is not a foodie - don't go, you will only ruin it for the people that truly will appreciate this kind of food and experience.  That was my only complaint of the night - food, amazing; service, top notch; ambience, second-to-none; guests - sucked.  There are 8 seats, 2 seatings a night - so the other 6 guests we dined with were not foodies, many didn't eat their food and didn't talk to each other or interact with the staff.  So the next time I go, I'm making sure that I know all 8 people to make the experience that much better.  So, if you never had the chance to dine at El Bulli, have not dined at Alinea - this is your next best.  What a gem for Vegas to have - and very few people know of it.  Yes, you can hit up the mansion at MGM for a 3 star Michelin experience with union servers running bread carts into your chair and have bussers spilling things or you can come to E and enjoy a show you can only get in a handful of restaurants in the world.
1	Really wanted to love this experience, and looked forward to it based on positive reviews here.  However, after dropping $830 for two with wine pairings, I would strongly advise avoiding "e".  Why?   The food itself is really nothing special.  Admittedly e employs lots of   flashy techniques (nitrogen bath with lots of smoke, spherification, a burning pot of rum, etc.). And they are amusing, but the food is not.   For example one course consists of two clams in their shells. The twist is that each clam is in a small tasteless gel sac with its own juice. So basically it's a shucked clam.  Nothing particularly inventive there.  Another course is a salt codfish, finger sandwich. It's a nice little sandwich, but not really any display of culinary skill.  Ditto the pork rinds.  As for the "mains,"  also uninspired.  A sliver of poached lobster tail, a baked foie, turbot .... You get the picture.   My guess is that the people who were so "blown away" by the food and gave such rave reviews probably also think Sizzler is fine dining and that Vegas is a cultural Mecca.   My take is that e is a lot like Vegas; lots of glitz, and no substance. Truly, if you fancy yourself a "foodie" and want to drop giant $$ for an actual "amazing experience," book at Joel Robichon at the MGM.
3	Well I do have to say i love being in exclusive environments such as E. We were talking to an employee of the cosmopolitan at the players club area and she didn't even know it exists in the hotel she works in... so pretty exclusive feel.  The golden ticket obviously is a nice touch to give to the feel of the experience. Now I do have to say that for the money it was definitely pricey... We had one wine pairing between my husband and I and same as we did at Alinea and this meal was MUCH more expensive and i have to say that my Alinea dinner was MUCH more inventive and memorable.  The atmosphere is dark/intimate, etc...we sat with a couple that clearly only went because they are rich and didnt care about the food like a true foodie would... then there was a guy who was just blabbering about how many michelin star places he has been and chef name -dropping which was annoying then another couple who were pleasant. but basically you get a mixed crowd here.  I think I was most upset with the lack of different techniques utilized. Like I believe we had 3 dishes that used a foam and a couple that used like a dry ice... it would have been nice to have those techniques only once and different techiniques throughout the menu which is what I liked the most about Alinea.  Now we went a few months ago and i really can't remember too much what i ate. whereas many restaurants that I have eaten at 3-4 years ago certain courses i can remember every detail because they were so GOOD and different.   I think if this meal was 200-300 dollars less I would have a better review but for the money it wasnt THAT spectacular in terms of food, but definitely the hoops they make you jump through to get to finally sit there make it seem like this very special/exclusive club which is nice and very cool for vegas.
5	Amazing balls! super duper exclusive restaurant with literally a seating for 8 "per show" and you have to make sure to reserve via EMAIL ( they don't take phone calls and you must put down a cc ensuring that you be joining them).  E' is located at the same restaurant as Jose andres other restaurant Jelao and- remember that folks, i couldn't find the place because it was so hidden (yes, apparently that exclusive). I even asked people working around the third floor (where all the restaurants are located) this hostess from another restaurant  -and said she was positive she never heard of the restaurant! ridiculous...So don't fret if your like me and is slightly directional retardo - go to Jose andres other restarant Jelao and talk to the hostess and they 'll know what to do with you! soooowe were first placed sitting at the restaurant to have a sip of water and given asked about any special request (vegetarians, allergies etc., vegans are not offered but vegetarian is WHEW!!) We were also offered wine pairings, non alcoholic juices and beer pairs...-$65 for beer pairing -$130 for wine pairing and - ? non alcoholic juice pairings (I got the wine pairing and it was really superb with all my meals, esp the ordonez -the perfect blend of sweetness)so there is a total of 25 course! yea, your telling me -  Everything was prepped with such precision. ...Tweezers were one of the main utensils used throughout the meal! every single flower, nay pepper were picked out oh-so carefully and placed strategically on the plate.  With the price you pay for the meal, you better believe that they treat you as if your one of the gods from heaven! It was def something worth trying - although i must tell you.. by the 16th course i was literally stuffing myself just so i can feel like the amount paid was well worth it!i almost couldn't fit the dessert portion in..yea. i could't believe it myself!
5	Molecular Gastronomy with an intimate Vegas show atmosphere, a glorious night at e by Jose Andres! Seriously as close to elBulli as one can ever get!I don't even know where to begin about this dinner. On a fluke the morning before a trip out to Vegas I sent an email to E to see if there were any available reservations for the next night.  To my amazement, a confirmation email came just an hour or so later and a Golden Ticket was mine!!There were so many 5 star reviews of E that I knew what was ahead was a top 5 dining experience that would be something to talk about for a long time.  SPOT ON YELPERS!!!When you arrive the required 15 minutes before showtime, you are seated at the bar with an IPAD menu of liquor choices for the evening.  Everything from a very exclusive $300 reserve pairing to a $65 non alcoholic pairing.  We chose not to drink and focus on the nights food and performance. And what a performance it was.You are escorted to an intimate and interestingly decorated back room at Jaleo in the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Las Vegas.  There, seated with the other 8-10 diners, you are at a semicircular bar with the Chef and his crew ready to amaze.   After a series of brief introductions and explanations of how the evening will proceed, the first amazing course is served.  The smoke from the nitrogen fills the assembly table in front of you and the chefs get to work designing a edible beautiful flower beautifully presented on a plaster replica of Jose Andres actual open hand. Welcoming you with an open hand, genius!Then course after course you sit and watch in amazement as the Chef and Sous Chefs work on each plate with the focus of a surgeon.  With tools such as tweezers, thermometers and cans of nitrogen they devise each and every course to amaze.  Each plate is a work of art with courses served on frozen rocks, plates that look like a topographic map with peaks and valleys, a bowl the could serve as a 5 gallon fish bowl, cubes that hold a small delicate ice cream cone shaped course and more.My favorite dishes, all of them each and every course challenged your mouth to understand what it was eating, identifying the different tastes and consistencies and you are in awe with each passing plate.  Get to Vegas, find a way to E, you will never forget this meal or the evening!  This is not a 5 rated experience, its more like 5000000000!!!!!!From #4590
5	Best dining experience of my life! So many amazing & interesting dishes. A fun & entertaining evening shared with 7 other lucky diners.  My only advise (if you like to drink) is to get the beverage pairing. The creativity and variety of the cocktails was spectacular. They also accommodated my wife's gluten free diet!
5	We ate at e.  An incredible dining experience. Over 2+ hours of creations.   Being able to discuss the dishes with the chefs and watching them prep is so different from any other dinner in Vegas makes it a once in a lifetime type of experience. Note: reservations are now taken 3 months in advance. Nothing beats getting the golden ticket in the mail.
5	What a great experience! Everything is so refined and tasty - from beginning to the end,,, they are wonderful. I don't care much about the 'special' presentation, tho, this time I have to admit that I am amazed. Iberico pork, monk fish, caviar,,,,, so good... I am sure some people are not used to be eating (or they don't like) half cooked pork and foie gras and such,,, but I LOVE them. Yes, it was expensive - but I loved it with wine parings (you will get a lot of alcohol - so, don't drink too much - if you are not heavy drinker, you will be wasted at the end ).I can't eat here that often because, yo know, it is expensive - however, maybe for another special occasion, I am sure I will be back!
5	The food was very good and the experience was outstanding!
5	I would honestly sit through a justin beiber concert just to dine here. That's how much I love this place. It's like disneyland for foodies. Tucked in an intimate side room with dishes prepared and plated in front of you, this experience is educational, fun, and tasty!Most dishes are delicious, and the presentation and creativity are top notch. It takes all the fun from a place like Bazaar, and ups it a bajillion-fold. It's hard to give specifics since the menu changes every few months, but rest assured there is only happiness in this place (until the check comes)I know a common complaint about Bazaar was that not all of Jose's dishes actually taste good. My experience with e' in the two times I went was that most of the dishes taste very good, so....I'd recommend giving it a try if that was your complaint with Bazaar
4	I was pretty impressed with E by Jose Andres.I would say the experience as a whole was near a five star experience, but the food and timing overall, along with the huge price tag set it back a few for me.The food overall was good though. The foie gras dish and Secreto of pork were definitely my two favorites along with the bocata de bacalao. The service was definitely top-notch and everyone was very attentive the whole meal. I loved the idea of the chef's cooking everything in front of you and it was interesting seeing the different techniques being used.I think my problem was that I was expecting too much from the meal. I expected that my mind would be blown by all of the food, but I only had that experience from one or two dishes from a meal with 23 different plates. I also think the two hour time slot was a little quick to fully appreciate everything. About an hour after the meal I forgot about every dish I had, due to the quick eating.Overall I was pleased with my experience at E. It is a little overpriced in my opinion for what you are eating and how much you are getting, but I guess its the overall experience that warrants the high price tag. The food was good, but I do not think you should go into this experience expecting the tastiest meal of your life, but rather a unique and exclusive dining experience that only few get to enjoy...
5	Wow!  We walked out of here saying what just happened to us?  My husband is not into molecular gastronomy so like a good wife, I didn't tell him.  We really enjoyed the way you check in at Jaleo, and are taken back to a separate dining room with a counter for only 8 people.  It's creeepy dark but not too dark to take pictures which they allow.  One of us did the platinum pairing and one of us did the other pairing.  Guess who the lucky one was?  If you're going to try something once, and you can swing the extra for the platinum, it's so worth it.   I tried some amazing wines that are rare but such an experience.  The presentation of each dish was like a graceful performance in a fancy show.  We were mesmerized by each small plate.  The cocktails they slip in throughout the meal are crazy!  Here have this ball on a spoon, bam!  You just had a cava mojito with a hint of lime....what?  We relished every dish and every sip of this meal.  It's hard to explain all 24 courses because it's not just flavor, it's a feeling, experience, mood altering, seeing is believing show.  Truffle cotton candy?  yum...Now my husband is looking up WD-50 in New York... a place he swore we would never go.  heh heh heh.....
5	This was an amazing experience for me.  People have described much of the food already, but I wanted to address some of the lower rated reviews.  I think what makes this a different type of meal than your average expensive restaurant is that it is actually an experience that requires some participation.  The seating is small (max of 8 people, my dinner had 6 total) and intimate.  Including myself and my SO, there were 2 other couples, and none of the pairings knew the other.  Our chef (Cody) started pretty even-keeled, and we didn't engage right off the bat.  So if you are quiet and don't feel like engaging, your shyness will reverberate through the room.I think the type of person who would enjoy this experience the most, or the proper way to enjoy it, is for someone to spark up conversation with your neighbors, the chefs, and the servers.  That energy will carry through the room, get everyone going, and make the night a very different experience than you would get at say Robuchon or Guy Savoy.So if you don't really like talking to strangers (and can be honest with yourself about it), maybe you're better off spending your money at some of the other blowout restaurants in Vegas.
5	Had the truffle menu in Dec2012 and will rename my first born Fried Bone Marrow.  Standouts were the first course with creamy espuma atop the sherry/tonic cocktail, truffle sandwich, fish w fried bone marrow, pork, salt baked foie, petal infused cotton candy w cheese soup, truff w cotton candy and artichoke w truffle. Tried Bazaar two weeks later; don't bother.
4	YOOOOO DIS PLACE IS amziing!!!!!!! juicy steak.. just thinking about it makes me salivate, on some real. sigh, it lives up to it's reputation, that's for sure. only downside was that i was starving and portions weren't that big. but that's cool, i ordered some other plate to accompany it, and it was amazing as well. i forgot what it was, SORRY! the drink was sexy tasting. some kind of mojito... i think blackberry, yeah, i'm pretty sure it was a blackberry mojito. this whole trip is just a big blur. hope this review is helpful :D
5	I don't see how anyone can NOT give this 5 stars...assuming you can get a reservation in time.  I had initially made a reservation at Sage (Aria) since I had seen some good reviews regarding that place.  But then I realized that I had always wanted to try a molecular gastronomy restaurant.  Since Las Vegas is a great place for foodies like myself and my girlfriend, I decided to google molecular gastronomy in the area.  And voile!  E by Jose Andres.  That meant I didn't have to fly all the way to Chicago to eat at Alinea (although i still would love to try that place).  Also, E costs 1/4 as much as Alinea, so it's a steal either way.  Must say that I was quite stunned when E's website only had a picture of their symbol and an email address through which you make reservations.  I had read that you used to have to make a reservation 1 month in advance but more recently, it looks like at least a few months in advance.  I had only started looking at this option at the beginning of January for a reservation in the middle of January so I knew my chances were slim, but I still sent in a request.  Luckily enough, they had 2 seats available for when I was there!  Scanned and emailed my credit card information and my seats were reserved.Now on to the experience.  When you arrive (they request you to be there at least 15 min early), you are seated near the bar and presented with a list of cocktails and wines on an ipad.  They give you the option of getting the alcohol pairings for the meal or just ordering a la carte.  We opted for the a la carte since we were there for the food and not the wine (plus it costs almost as much for the wine pairing as for the food so for us, it probably would have not added that much more in terms of enjoyment).  Once it was show time, we were taken into a secluded and rather well decorated room with a semi-circular table, around which were 8 seats.  The sous chef was waiting there for us and gave us a brief introduction.  Then, they began rolling out ~22 courses (I still need to count the pictures) right in front of our eyes, using various molecular techniques.  One technique which prevailed through multiple dishes was the process of making purees and/or drinks, modifying it with some natural substance and then dropping it into a bowl of liquid to form identical spheres of liquid.  This was prepared at different temperatures to show that it was stable not only at a low temperature but also relatively high temperatures.  The first one was a cocktail enclosed in a rather large sphere and presented in a soup spoon, and another was a pureed white bean, enclosed in small spheres and presented in a shallow bowl of broth.  Overall, the experience was both exciting and educating.  They allowed us to ask any questions we liked about the processes they were using.  The portions were just right and we never felt like we were waiting too long in between courses.  We did not feel hungry at the end and were very satisfied with the meal.  Some of the memorable dishes were:  Truffle-flavored cotton candy, enclosed cocktail, turbot with deep friend bone marrow, and saffron-flavored ice cream with chocolate shavings.  One of the drinks that was paired at the end was their gin and tonic.  Everybody was raving about it so we tried one.  IT WAS AMAZING!  I never liked gin before, but the balance of this one was so nice and not too overpowering with the gin.  They used a large round sphere of ice so the surface area of the ice was less and would not end up diluting out the drink as quickly!Anyway, I could write way more.  there is just not enough words to describe how awesome the experience was.  Great company, great food; what more could you ask for?  Would definitely go back.
5	What a meal and evening! A truly spectacular dining experience! My wife's Christmas present was this meal, so we planned our Vegas trip around it. 8:30pm showtime and then we headed back to the dining room inspired by Jose Andres' brain. From there the delicious successes started coming from the 'kitchen' - literally the chef's table is directly in front of the guests. Getting the opportunity to discuss the courses with the Chef team was a highlight!Memorable dishes included: Crispy chicken skin, zucchini in textures and so many more.See all of the courses and a description of each on my blog: http://sprtzcstr.blogspot.com/Highly recommended and worth every penny.
5	I'm writing this review based on a meal from May 2011.Amazing food. Probably one of the best dining experiences of my life. Fantastic service, fun meal with great interaction. I met a few people off of another food site that I knew while my wife and I were there. Perfect wine pairings. Jose Andres happened to be there for Vegas Uncorked, so that was fun as well. Reservations were actually quite a bit simpler than I expected. The prices have gone up quite a bit since we went, but it would still be a choice destination given the most recent pictures and reviews.  We hung around in Jaleo after a 23 course meal and proceeded to eat various samples of paella because we asked if we could sample them and they just started coming... they're quite accommodating.  Highly recommended.
4	very cool experience. the food is really well presented and more importantly delicious. had the drink pairings with it, everybody else split with their date, we didn't know you could do that but it was nice having separate drinks.you share the room with maybe 10 others seated in front of the chefs at a bar, and they briefly explain what they're making. the liquid olive stands out in my mind. pretty amazing.we went for a special occasion, really enjoyed ourselves, and will keep that experience unique.
4	We ate here Jan 2013I'm waffling between 3 and 5 stars, so I settled on 4.  3 stars because it is just SO damned pricey (!) and I wish the staff would have been a little more friendly/chatty.     5 stars because it was a unique experience and very entertaining.   Would I do it again?   Nope.   Am I glad I did it once?   Yep.
5	Ate here on Saturday night, March 2, 2013, 8:30 seating.  You won't be disappointed if you go here.  After reading all the reviews, my expectations were quite high...and they were met.   If you can, my only recommendation would be to be closest to the person that leads you into the dining room so that you're furthest away from the door.  Jaleo is quite a loud open seated restaurant and some of the noise from Jaleo drifts into e'.Other than that...have a good time and be ready for a $650+ bill.  $195 per person for food, $50 corkage, $92 auto gratuity, two cups of coffee, and tax.
5	Bravo!  The best meal to date in my lifetime.  It's definitely a once in a lifetime experience.  It was 20+ courses, I lost track after 7.  If you've been to Bazaar at LA, it's similar in the effect of molecular gastronomy dining.  Dinner is taken place in the chef's private kitchen counter.  It seats about 8 ppl.  It's a really cool room.  You get one on one time w/ the chef the entire experience so you can ask questions & make conversation if he's willing.  The food was amazing, I'd highly recommend if you're willing to splurge & appreciate good food.  My favorite highlights of the dinner was the truffle cotton candy, fish brioche sandwich, cheese plate, lobster, and foie gras baked in salt(need I say more!)).  My favorite dessert is definitely the pan con chocolate - don't even know where to begin describing it.  Yay, I have the best friends!  Hearts galore!
5	Dining here has become the most unique experience ive ever had when if comes to food.  The dinning room was smaller than I had expected,  but if never felt cramped or clostrophobic. The fact that they have only a few seats made the intimacy less intimidating.  We were sat on the edge next to some friendly folks from the Midwest.  Chef Cody and his team were thoughtful as they explained every dish we ate.  Our meal was the definition of elevated comfort food.  From beginning to end there was nothing we ate that was not succulent or exquisite. If we ever decide to take another trip go Vegas as a couple, this place is going to be on our list again! (And we don't do repeats too often for fine dining experiences...)Here's a general list of what we ate:-rebujito-idiazabal macaron-truffle cotton candy (with gold leaf-most memorable item purely for the "Wow!" factor)-apple brazo ded gitano-nitro almond cup-barquillo-almejas al natural-bocata crispy chicken skin in escabeche-cava sangria-artichoke puree with vanilla-lobster with citrus and jasmine-chickpea stew with iberico ham (yum!)-turbot with bone marrow (what's not to love??)-whole lobe of foie gras baked in salt (it's foie...  amazingly silky foie!)-secreto of iberico pork with squid (more of that delicious spanish ham)-torta passcualete with (more) cotton candy-pan con chocolate-arroz con leche (not what I expect, but definitely better than I expected!)-cocoa paper with dried strawberry (meh...)-25 second bizcocho (very cool!)-saffron chocolateBecause of the intimate setting I expected impeccable service and was not disappointed.Fingers crossed there's a Vegas trip in our (near) future!!!
5	This is a very delicate meal that was intriguing.  Delicious flavors with different flavors.  I do have a sweet tooth, and some ot the items are sweet and savory. Delicious.  Keep in mind there is almost 20 courses.  Service was perfect and professional.  Table seats up to 8 people.  Reservations are taken a month in advance so plan ahead!!!!
5	One word.... AMAZING! From start to finish this was an experience we will not soon forget. The staff was incredible, attentive, informative, and most of all made it FUN! The food was beautiful, varied, and tasted fabulous. I totally recommend getting the alcohol paring, but if you are not huge drinkers share one. If we had not shared I think it would have been hammered by the time we got to dessert. Speaking of dessert, I am STILL dreaming about the shaved chocolate dessert that was served. It was probably the BEST thing I can remember eating in a long, long time.
5	The experience was unforgettable.  Eight of us went together and it was the best private dining experience I've had to date. (Closest exception may be the private room at the French Laundry for ten). The food, the wine/cocktail pairing and the service were exceptional.  There was one dish that I didn't really care for, Kokotxas al pil-pil (codfish jowl), but all the other dishes more than made up for it.  They served 6 dessert courses.  All of them were amazingly well composed.  The sweet wine pairings were just perfect.  I would definitely want to go back.
5	Beyond exceptional.  Dinning on another level.  The deserts were out of this world.  The little ham and cheese sandwich was amazing.  Honestly, of the 20 courses, I'd say only 2 weren't 5 star amazing.Pricey, so be aware of the cost going in!  Need to book it 3 months in advance Often.
5	I'll start with a cliche..."words cannot describe how good this place was"....but I'll try anyway. You have to get a reservation ahead of time. e does not have a website--more like a landing page with an email address. We were fortunate enough to get the 5:30 time slot during the busy memorial day weekend. It made me nervous thinking that we would somehow miss the reservation--since there is a hefty cancellation fee--so make sure you can go!We got our golden tickets in the mail--that made us feel very special. e is a private room in Jaleo--a Jose Andres restaurant in the Cosmopolitan. When you check in, they ask you to wait near the bar of Jaleo where you get an iPad menu to select cocktails. Then they direct you into the back room--which is big enough for an 8-person bar seating area. Everyone has an intimate view of the chefs assembling the dishes. Yes, it's expensive at $200 per person without drinks, gratuity included. But this shouldn't be compared to a regular dinner. It's a dinner and a show with exceptional service. There are two waiters for the 8 diners--that's impeccable service. Despite the price tag, it's not a snooty atmosphere by any means. The chefs talk about the dishes as the assemble them--and we asked lots of questions. It was so refreshing to be around fellow food nerds. Not to mention the food is phenomenal and utterly indescribable. This is what i would think of as advanced molecular gastronomy (although they don't really like that label). They play with your senses--and whatever your seeing in front of you doesn't taste like what you'd expect. Everything is inspired from Spanish cuisine. Every time I ate one of the 20+ courses, I said "oh my god!" My favorites were the courses that incorporated cheese--dessert was a bit of a let-down after all the wonderful courses before it. But still very good. You do get full towards the end, but you can take your time. Just prepared to be surprised. I highly recommend it --think of it as once-in-a-lifetime experience.
5	Incredible.  Amazing.  Spellbinding.  Fantastic.  Adjectives cannot really do justice since this is a true sensory experience.  8 people in a semi-circle.  Many many many courses all lovingly assembled in the most artistic way you can imagine.  Get the drink pairing.  An over the top experience.  You're not a real foodie until you've done this!
5	My husband and I decided to splurge for our 5 year anniversary and try the molecular gastronomy cuisine that this place has to offer. We made our reservations about a month in advance thru email, printed, signed and scanned our confirmation, and received our golden tickets in the mail. We arrived at the host stand at Jaleo and were seated at the bar, while we waited for the rest of the party to arrive, and made drink selections. We opted to get one cocktail pairing and one mocktail pairing. We were escorted into the back room, which is decorated rather "whimsically" in a room lined with library card catalogue drawers and a little doll in a cage. It was a little weird, but not off-putting.The chefs introduced themselves and began creating our first cocktail with some liquid nitrogen. From then on each of the many courses were assembled in front of us and then served "fine dining" style so we could all eat at the same time and comment on what we enjoyed about the dish. This was a lot of fun, and really, everything was so good. Some of the standouts for me (and I don't have the menu in front of me, I'll just put it in lamest terms) were the blue cheese filled appetizer, the chicken dish, and the pork dish. I surprisingly also liked the chocolate shavings with the olive oil - which is a combo I would never think would work, but did! Anyway, I won't go into detail with every dish, because I'm sure the menu changes all the time, so you don't know what to except, but it is so worth it. The cocktail pairing was not exclusively wine, as usual with most restaurants, but actually included a few cocktails, some wine, a beer and a coffee drink. The mocktail included drinks similar to the cocktail pairing, albeit alcohol, and some things like tomato water, watermelon fresca, and sangria. I thought the mocktail pairing was really fun, and I was glad my husband and I ordered both so we could try all of it. The service was impeccable. My only complaint was that I didn't get to see as much "molecular gastronomy" as I had hoped, since most of the items were already prepared ahead of time, then just assembled in front of you. Still, worth the experience and the $$$$ you will spend. Left the restaurant feeling satisfied and buzzed. Good times!
5	If you have the privelage to step into this world of food heaven simply called "e" you will not be disappointed. So personal, so relaxed, so magical, so amazingly delicious... It's worth every penny. All the other yelpers summed it up, so I won't repeat their words of praise and will end this review with one simple recommendation... Go and savor every bite! - guest #7006
5	Wow! Everything about e was amazing. From the service to the drinks to every delicious morsel of food I stuffed in my body. Great dining experience, very intimate and interesting. Highly recommend this to any "foodie" out there who appreciates trying new foods and experiences!
5	Yay, we finally got to experience molecular gastronomy cuisine after watching it on the food network for so many years.  Great place to go for a special occasion, love getting the golden tickets in the mail  :)Price wasn't too bad when you consider you're paying for a show and food.  Probably not coming back anytime soon, too many other good places to try in Vegas.
2	Eating out of a shoe was simply unappetizing    Portions were spotty  and nothing stood out     A disappointment
5	Awesome evening out. Food, service and overall experience was wonderful. We opted for a bottle of wine instead of the drink pairings and were very pleased with the staff's recommendations.
5	I've been to many of Jose Andres' restaurants and while most have been amazing, I've also been let down by a few. For this reason, I wasn't sure what to expect at e. Obviously it's a very different experience than most of his restaurants with only 8 seats and the sheer exclusivity of it adds to the experience itself. I have to say though that for me, e is the pinnacle of what JA stands for -- AMAZING food, a unique and unfortgettable experience and service bar none. I'm not going to get into every dish we had as every review above and below me has already done that plus the menu changes constantly so your meal will differ from mine anyways.  I will say that every dish that came out was even more amazing than the one you just had and thought couldn't be topped. I can't even pick a 'favorite' as almost all of them were my favorites! My least favorite (if there was a least!) was actually the salt encrusted roasted foie gras. I've never had foie gras prepared this way and have to admit I definitely prefer it sauteed or pate style. Don't get me wrong it was okay but roasting it seemed to mellow the fg tasted which for this fg-lover is the last thing I ever wanna do. ;-)  The amazing food aside, everything else about e is spectacular. It really is like watching a show unfold in front of you with the Chef preparing almost everything right before your eyes. I also love how the servers and chefs coordinate to serve every diner at the exact same moment. The timing is truly amazing. If you get the chance to go, most definitely GO - don't even think twice about it! Yes, it's not cheap but it's worth EVERY penny and is a dinner you won't ever forget! :-)
5	Dinner for two without alcohol is $600. With wine-pairing for two is $1500 including tips. Is it worthy? DEFINITELY!!!Make your reservation now and plan a trip around it. Its definitely once a lifetime experience!
3	Came here with my bf, was a bit late but still accommodated us which was nice. Although other's weren't as delighted. The 'show' experience, isn't much of a 'show', just food prep in front of you. The food sectioned off into three, snacks (apps), entree (bigger bites), and dessert. After the cheese course, #14, came the dessert.I needed a gluten free menu and they accommodated, but I did sort of feel like I was left out, at least for the cocoa mud slide dish. The entire thing is 20 courses, and I have to say the only thing that was memorable was the chicken snack and the bean soup. With a ginger ale, no alcohol, 2 people, bill came around to $520ish..with tips included. They included a service fee, which was more like WTF is this for..no explanation of course.Would I come back? Probably not, the other parties were dudes, and I was the only girl, and not much interaction among us all. I like to mingle with other people especially if it's only 8 of us, but whatever.
3	We have wanted to try e for a really long time, but every time we called (usually the night of) it was already booked! Finally, I planned in advance and went on August 22. It was fun and delicious - I would go back - but not as top-notch as it should be for the hype and the price. Also, there are a few things I didn't like about the experience, explained below.The meal is served in a small dining area back and to the right of the bar. Eight people sit around a small kitchen, where some prep-work is done. I didn't like how dark it was - clearly this was done for mood, but it went beyond the typical mood lighting and was made it difficult to see everything that was going on. I am also not sure how I felt about the seating arrangement. It made dinner conversation a bit awkward (you pretty much don't feel comfortable talking about much other than the food in front of strangers). It was fun to be able to see some of the prep, but the truth is that most of what was done in front of us amounted to plating, pouring sauces, squeezing filling into tubes, etc. I have been to other molecular gastronomy restaurants that do much more theatrical table-side "shows" than this restaurant did in a kitchen set up for it, so that was a bit disappointing.The food was the definite highlight! There were many stand-out courses (like the salt-crusted foie gras, although the portion was tiny compared to the huge mass they brought out to show us before taking it back to the kitchen to cut!). They gave us a lot of really interesting combinations, like chocolate and olive oil, and other savory/sweet combinations - even when the combinations didn't quite work, they were really interesting (but most of them really worked!)A tip on the beverage pairing: get the lower-end one. I usually do just because I don't think I'm refined enough for it to make a huge difference! However in this case, I was really happy I did. One of the champagnes was served in something similar to a turkish coffee pot - the ones you lift way up high as you pour. We were instructed to do the same as we poured into our mouths. One person at our table ordered the high end pairing, and they served his in a regular champagne glass!One final complaint: This is nitpicky, but when they brought the bill they made a point of telling us that service was already included (20%), but that we are always allowed to leave more, and it is always appreciated. I always think it is so tacky when they do that! The service actually was really friendly, but that turned me off. (I will note that the service was a bit too formal for my taste, especially when you are already sitting around a kitchen. They plated the dishes and then waited for more waiters to come so that they could serve everything at the exact same time. It seemed to be the opposite of the vibe they were going for.)I would give the food four stars (delicious, but definitely not as good as other restaurants in the same price bracket, like Alinea), but the overall experience three stars. I would go back.
5	One of the top 3 dining experiences of my life... probably #1
3	Teeny tiny portions,  not enough to take even a second bite,  even if you liked it, which we did.
5	My dearest friends decided to surprise me by taking me here in July!  This dinner was unlike any dinner I've been to. We all sit at a round table--8 seatings no more no less and watch 3 people prepare our food in front of us, while narrating everything that went on. The food was delicious and I loved how there was a lot of interaction between guests and chefs. I wouldn't be able to pick one favourite dish but, there was one in particular that didn't excite my taste buds--it tasted bitter(theone you had to soak in the liquid).  The group of people we sat with were older and very interesting to say the least. Yes, we all love food just as much as you guys and no we don't have sugar daddy's. FYI. They really should install a restroom nearby as I had to walk all the way outside the resturant to use the restrooms. No bueno. But, overall great experience with great friends I do adore!
5	Dinning at e is one of the greatest experience in my life. It was more like a cooking show to me. Every dish was very elegant and interesting. There were full of surprises during this 2 hours show. I can't wait to come back to try their winter truffle menu!!!
2	....I couldn't stop laughing when we were asked to fill out the after dinner questionaire and my foodie friend said- ARE THEY SERIOUS- I guess the $600 she and her husband paid for two pedestrian wine pairings had just begun to register with her....I also thought the service was vapid at best for this kind of money...when a couple is spending over $1000 for wine and food it has got to be better than this...but...if you want a happy face placed on a menu as a memento of your dinner-this is the place for you....
5	Best dinner experience of my life. Period.
5	Definitely one of the best meals of my life. Love the intimate setting and the interactive experience. My favorite dishes were the crispy chicken skin, iberico pork among others... Gotta get the wine pairing...enhances the flavors like you can't imagine!
5	Eating at e was definitely an experience of a lifetime. My best friend and I ate here on our last trip to Vegas, and it was incredible. We have eaten at Jaleo several times, so we grabbed a drink at the bar while we waited for further instructions. Let me insert here there receiving our golden tickets in the mail was too much fun! While enjoying our drinks at the bar, the host for e came to greet us and instructed us to wait at a table for 8 for the remainder of our dining party. There are only 2 seating for e per evening, and only 8 people per seating, so we were intrigued to discover the remainder of our party.We were pleasantly surprised! We were hoping that we wouldn't be eating with pretentious, annoying people, and our fears were allayed as soon as we met the rest of our group. They were a group of 5, 4 women and 1 man. They were all from the midwest and had just arrived in Vegas due to a severely delayed flight. They couldn't have been more pleasant, and it was really fun to eat with them. The appreciated delicious food, to be sure, but they were also really down-to-earth and fun. This is a huge part of the dining experience at e to be sure-who you eat with could make or break the experience.When all of our party was assembled, the host to us to the back on the restaurant and to the left, where the small room that is e was located. We were immediately introduced to the chef and his staff, and they were all wonderful throughout the evening. We chose the Spanish wine pairing, and were not disappointed! All of the wines, as well as the cocktails at the end, complemented our meal perfectly.A highlight of the whole experience for me was drinking cava the traditional way out of a Spanish drinking vessel. So much fun! Every small dish we sampled seemed to be better than the last. From iberico to foie gras to lobster to Jose' famous "air" that seemed to be a part of many of the dishes, we feasted like queens.You absolutely must try e at some point in your life. It really is worth it, and the experience is so difficult to express in words, that you simply have to try it to believe it.
5	This review is actually from when I dined on 12/21/2013, but I was busy over the holidays.  That said, I was in Vegas during my anniversary and decided to have dinner here with the wife to celebrate our 1st successful year.Luckily, we were able to get the Holiday version of their menu, as their theme revolved around truffles that came in via Italy just less than 48 hours via Air Force One (just a slight exaggeration there).  But it was pretty damn fresh according to our sous chef.It was 19 courses of what was easily the best fine dining experience I've had in my entire life.  Hell, by the 6th or 7th course, I was already sold.  Of the 19 courses, I'd say that my favorite was definitely their "salad" course which consisted of black truffle dressing over foie gras powder.  Personally I'm not a fan of greens, but that was easily the best salad I've ever had.  And what stood out the most was that this was an modified course.  There was supposed to be peanut butter here as well, but due to my peanut allergy they were able to make modifications to any courses that had peanuts or nuts with no questions.  Simply wonderful.I want to try and make an effort to get to Minibar and Jose's other establishments  when I have the time and money.  But for now, I'm definitely pleased.
5	This was the best restaurant that I have been to..u must try..the small bites are so so amazing
5	We lucked out and got seating for two last minute way back in Nov 2012, but I didn't bother to review it until now.  I don't much care for the exclusive snob appeal but I really appreciate it as a fancy "dinner with a show".  It's  super fun watching them prepare the food in front of us, with their neato surgical looking tools and whatnot.  Yes, molecular gastronomy is a fading fad now but this restaurant is at least very good at what they do, it's not just fireworks and meaningless pizazz, the food actually tasted good!  At one point they brought out a whole lobe of foie gras and served us right then and there, I do declare I need a fainting couch just for that delicious act of sensual debauchery.Anyway it's great, go if you can afford it, yay!
4	High quality ingredients & food. Good wine.... Nice service. Try the mini burger: awesome. Will definitely come back!
4	Had sky high expectation for this culinary experience when I booked 2 months in advance for my trip to Vegas.  The truth is, I book this restaurant even before my flight and hotel.   And In the end, it was a great experience, for $195 you get a creative meal with attentive service from every waitstaff in the room of just 8 diners.  We were very lucky that all the fellow diners were great dinning companions and had great stories to share.  But the meal itself... What can I say.....was overpowered by the venous foams and textures.  We did the beverage pairing which, if you ask me,  life is all about wine and food pairing, but the pairing was a let down because Spain has so much great well structured reds to offer say from the Riojo region but at least 2 of our 5 beverage pairing was on the super sweet side (some sort of port style beverage and a sweet Sauternes style wine), which the sweetness really overpowered the food.  One dish was a Foie Gras in power form which was extremely creative but the richness texture of Foie Gras was being confined in powder.  Overall, some dishes worked, some did not.  I compared the food to my prior night dinner at Joel Robuchen I have to say food wise JB was the stabs out but the experience at e is still not to be undermined.
4	Only 8 guests allowed. Pretty spectacular. Once-in-a-lifetime experience in your mouth because of the way they pair unlikely ingredients. Nineteen courses, of which FIVE WERE DESSERTS! :)Getting a reservation can take up to three months-- or so they say. :P They do have cancelations all the time, but be prepared to change your flight (like we had to) to get there for the 5:30 pm slot, which is the unpopular slot for obvious reasons. You have to email/fax them a credit card authorization form the night before by 6pm!The manager and servers were kind, gracious and super organized. They allowed us to keep our baggage in the wine room because we had to rush from our delayed flight straight over the restaurant.I understand that each menu is different so no point in going through what was good and what wasn't.I have to point out the beautiful artistry involved in their presentation of the food. From the handmade plates (some were from Crate&Barrel--no shame in being honest) to desserts served in jewelry boxes, each course was a delightful surprise to both sight and taste.Our chef was very nice. The whole atmosphere was very casual. We chatted about everything from the dishes, culinary secrets, to how "Dexter" and "Breaking Bad" ended. The intimate setting allows for the guests to interact as well.Let's talk about price.It's just under $600 for 2 people, including tip and tax. We opted against the wine pairing $130/person and I'm glad I did. So, why the 4 stars?Maybe I'm being lame (or harsh) but I honestly thought I would see the chef prepare the food but that really wasn't the case. You watch the food being put on the plate. That's it. My hubby and I love to eat at bar counters where we can watch the chefs prepare the food. We like to see dishes that we didn't order and observe how dishes are made. We're also both interested in processes (of businesses) and like watching the product be made. That was not the case here so I was slightly disappointed.if you have the time and money, this is worth it. :)
5	One of the coolest dining experiences ever! After you get your reservation, you get a golden ticket! There are only 2 seatings a day and each seating has a max of 8 people! Peter & I arrived a bit early and we were offered a seat at the Jaleo bar along with drinks to pass the time. Once seated inside, the fun began. Each dish was creative and mind blowing! We were seated next to a really nice couple which only enhanced our dining experience :)We will definitely be back!!
5	If you love to eat and want a great dining experience you have to go here. Very intimate setting as they only have 8 seats per seating and only 2 seating a night. Once you are confirmed the reservation you'll get a golden ticket sent home. Each person has their own unique guest number. If you've eaten at a Jose Andres before you know he's famous for Molecular gastronomy. You'll see unique dishes for sure and you have dishes that sounds familiar to  you but it will be prepared in a whole different level. Deconstructed and the constructed.  It's located in a small private room in the back of  Jaleo. They ask you to arrive 15 minutes early so you can order your drink options, whether it be wine pairing or just individual cocktails. It's roughly $200 / person and they will include the service charge at the end to. So you can tip extra if you wish. We had 19 dishes and the Chef is preparing everything right in front of you. Make sure you make reservations early.It was an awesome experience and can't wait to try it again when they change the menu up. I'll follow up my review with all the dishes we had.
5	Maybe better than DC. All cocktails are an experience in themselves. Liquid olives a unique taste and texture experience. Everything fantastic except paella.
5	Very exceptional dining experience. The best in my book!I cant wait to come back and try a different menu.RECOMMEND, COMPLETELY!!
5	What a wonderful evening we had at e! I was a bit hesitant considering all the hype about this restaurant but honestly I had such a wonderful time besides the fact I was with the most wonderful man on earth who was treating me to this very unique experience.  Be prepared for a lot of foam and truffles at e. The show is worth the golden ticket and the experience is one that will not be forgotten. Kudos to Cody and the staff who made the evening even more special.  The setting is intimate and cozy and fortunately for us our dining companions were also a delight to be with.  Molecular gastronomy is fun but not overly filling but still unique in flavor and texture.  Who could not like a place with 5 desserts?
5	I do not say this lightly, however this was THE BEST dining experience I've ever had in my entire life! Quality: 5 starsRidiculously amazing.  Every dish tasted better than the last.  Jose Andres is known for his unique dishes and cooking style.  Every dish was unique, complex and deliciousService: 5 starsonly two seatings per night.  The reservations must be made via email and then about a week prior to your reservation you recieve willa wonka style golden tickets.  It's fun, unique.  They correspond with you via email before your visit to find out about your allergies ahead of time so that they can custom make your multi course meal for you.   During the dining experience itself, the head chef would plate the dishes in front of us and explain alittle bit about how the dish is made, what inspired the dish, etc.  So much interaction with other guests and the chef.  This is part of the reason why then entire experience was amazing.  Quantity: 4 starsfor about $500 for two people post tax and gratuity, I felt "comfortably full".  Considering it is a 8+ course meal, the meals were tapas style.  I do have an incredibly large appetite though.  My tablemates were full, however I am a gluttonous pig :(.  Would I return?YES!!! Everyday if my wallet was big enough!Other places similar places i've tried in order of preference:1. e by jose andres2. Joel Rubicon - best bread and dessert cart 3. Bottero (las vegas) - alright.  great foie however the rest of the food felt very standard4. providence (california) - i was very underwhelmed5.  Picasso (las vegas) - I did not like this restaurant at all.  I could not finish my entree bc it was so overcooked.  I had a better dinner at Todd english's olives for a fraction of the cost
5	This is a dining experience, not just dinner.  Lovely to watch and delicious to eat!  Try to get the second seating (they do two per night), because I've heard that you will be rushed if you go for the first seating, and trust me, you'll want to take your time.  Every single dish I had was great, there were at least 15.  Can't wait to do this again, and would definitely pick this over any other restaurant in Vegas (including Robuchon, CUT, etc.)  You do have to book it well in advance though, so plan ahead!
5	I went to here a couple of years ago and it's remained one of the best dining experiences ever.  We did the wine and non-alcoholic pairing and both were great.  If I ever did it again I would probably just share one of the pairings.  Not all the courses were delicious but all of them were interesting and thought provoking.  I would describe it as cirque du soleil but for food; whimsical and fun.  Very much worth the effort!
5	This type of restaurant is hard for me to review like a regular restaurant so I am going to review Robouchon, Guy Savoy and  e' by jose andres as special places to go for the experience not necessarily the food. My palate is just not that sophisticated for these places to be a place where I have some food where I just want to pick up the plate and lick it clean.We visited here Christmas of 2012. Me and my daughter and son in law had the Christmas tasting menu listed belowRebujitoIdiazabal "Macaron"Seta SurpriseNitro Almond CupSquash MerengueBarquilloAlmejas al NaturalBocata de BacalaoCrispy Chicken Skin in EscabecheCava SangriaArtichoke "Puree" with TruffleLobster with citrus and jasmineChickpea stew with iberico hamTurbot with bone marrowwhole lobe of foie gras baked in saltSecreto of Iberico pork with truffleTorta Pascualete with cotton candyPan con Chocolate with truffle"Arroz con Leche"Truffle cotton Candy25 second BizcochoSaffron ChocolateAll of this food and the cooking techniques are very unique. But there was nothing I would want to eat again. I really enjoyed the experience of this restaurant but it is a one time thing for me. I think everyone should try it once and maybe find out what a great palate you have and come back often or be like me and just enjoy and say been there to a unique place and then go back to Gordon Ramsey Steak and enjoy a beautiful meal that I could eat every day!
4	I've had some memorable dinner in my days, and this ranks up there but the best.tasting menu I've ever had.Top notch service- service I'd give it higher than 5 if I could.  Food was very good, but on the night we went, there were 3 foie gras dishes and 2 dishes with pressed cotton candy- a little more variety would have been nice.The dishes were still fantastic.  Very thoughtfully put together and the beverage pairings were probably the best Ive ever experienced.The exclusivity and cache of this place was lived up to.  It's a great experience to be able to speak to your chefs as they prepare your food for you and it helps you more enjoy each bite.Is it worth the effort and the bill?  This time yes.  A second time- probably not for that price tag - ours was close to $1000 for the 2 of us.
5	I don't think any review could adequately capture the experience I had here. This is a place you must go if you have the opportunity. In lieu of walking you through the amazing 20 course meal I had I will just leave you with a few tips:- gin and tonic is a must order. Best $20 I ever spent on a drink- if you don't have an allergy then eat everything. Even things you normally don't like you need to eat because I am pretty damn sure you'll like it here.- talk to the chefs! They enjoy it.- it's ok to lick your plate clean- there is a service charge which is basically the tip. There is also an invitation to tip the chefs as well. I don't know what the edict is and there is no suggestion. Just do what you can afford and feel is right.- there are 9 seats now. - ask about the dining room. Cool theme and stories behind everything in it!
3	We ate here earlier this month (May) and I wanted to wait for a few weeks to see if my initial reaction would change in time but it hasn't and I still feel the same. To be fair, here are a few positive adjectives that describe the overall time we spent at e: creative, friendly, intimate, knowledgeable, team work, and dedication. At the end of the day though, shouldn't all restaurants have the attributes I just listed? At the end of the day, OVER RATED! OMG! I read all the Yelp reviews below that gave this place 5 stars and thought "WOW, this is going to be amazing, I can't wait", and instead, we walked away with, "WOAH! We paid almost $600 for THAT?! What a joke!" Later that night, we went to Aria where we were staying and ordered a plate of nachos and fries that was 5% of the cost and much more fulfilling. You may ask, "What about the experience"? Well, if you've never been to a "classy" restaurant, paid for $75 for a nice steak, had a nice glass of wine or seen the Food Network, then I will say it again, over rated. Yes, the staff is amazingly coordinated, top notch and its a fun place to watch the staff at work, but I'd rather go to a Cirque show.  There are hundreds of restaurants in Las Vegas and on the Strip and this place would not even hit my top 20 list. Of the ~18 dished we had, I remember having one bite of a really nice piece of steak. The funny thing is, they actually showed us the entire cut grilled and we thought, shoot, what is that 10 oz, we can eat that whole thing, but instead, we got one slice each. The freeze dried sangria (1st dish) was a bit weird but interesting.  The beet pita with brie cheese was different but not something I'd prefer and would rather go to a cheese bar.We made reservations a week prior to date we wanted and were lucky to get in. They made it so hard to give the credit card to reserve the time because they don't take phone calls and don't respond to emails on Mon and Tues. Maybe they think this process adds to their mystery and exclusivity. It's more inconvenient and annoying than anything and who really cares about a golden ticket and piece of paper that says you ate at e, not me. They asked us to arrive 15-30 minutes in advance to our seating and in the end sat us 15 minutes AFTER our seating time.  When you arrive to the Cosmo hotel, no signs or anything to tell you where this dungeon is- we had to ask about 4 people who worked at the hotel and then finally found it at the top level in the main Jose restaurant.And be prepared to sit in a dark room with random strangers who may get drunk during dinner with their pairing and start having unwanted conversations with you.
2	After reading so many fabulous review I was let down by the food and experience. Not worth the 600 + that we spent. I also never received out golden tickets
4	I give this place 4 stars for the culinary experience. I was really excited when I heard about  this "secret" restaurant that is tucked inside of Jaleo's at the Cosmopolitan and I said I had to check this placed out and what better time than for an Anniversary.When I received my golden ticket, I really felt like Charlie from the chocolate factory. LOL I felt so special. hahahUpon arrival we sat near the bar as the chefs prepared for the evening and we had the chance to order our drinks. By the time we were walked back to this "secret" location ( which was just a closed off room next to the bar) we sat in a semi circle with a total of 6 other guests. We had a total of 19 tastings of which I was only WOWed with 6 or 7. We were told that we were going to go into the mind of Jose Andres who is I guess is very bazaare. We took a journey to different parts of Spain with this experience which was interesting. This was suppose to be a "show" but yet the entertainment was not very lively. I just don't know how to explain it. I guess I was expecting a little more excitement and enthusiasm. Overall, if I'm going to pay $700 for a meal for 2 I don't think it is too much to ask for some excitement from the staff right??Here is what we had:Edible Sangria 2014Cotton Candy 2.0DaisyBeet-KiniCoca De Recapte"Merienda"Oyster & OysterPescado en "Adobo"El VermutCava SangriaFabes con JamonBacalao Al Pil PilMar Y MontanaMorels En PapilloteChuletaLa Serena with Contton CandyCrema Catalana EggPan Con ChocolatePerrero RocherYemitaThe good thing is that it got progressively better but it took up to about the 9th tasting. You should try this place just to have the experience but if you have had GOOD food from Spain, its hard to compare.  The unique presentation and overall experience is worth the try. Oh by the way, the menu does changes every few months.Good Luck and Good Eats!
2	I am sorry to say it, but it seems "e" pronounced "a" has become "eh."  First time there a couple of years ago I was wowed.  On my most recent visit,  the food was just not that interesting, the paired beverages were with one or two exceptions uninteresting, and the showmanship largely lacking.  Seems they've perhaps gotten bored with the business.  For $425 a person all in, it definitely was not worth it.
3	We found the experience at e to be underwhelming. A lot of time and energy had obviously gone into the preparation of the dishes and the quality of the ingredients were of a high standard, but the overall flavours and palatability were lacking throughout the meal. For example, foie gras baked in salt sounds like a great idea, but when it is served concerningly rare and without an adequate sauce to foil the richness of foie, it falls flat. On the other hand, I cannot fault the abilities, service standards and personable approach of the chefs, the sommellier and waitress. I suspect the exclusivity of this location as a result of the limited capacity coupled with the neverending supply of new customers based on the Las Vegas location will keep seats filled, but I suspect few, and most certainly, I, will not be returning to e. Save your big dinner money for Alinea, Per Se and Momofuku Ko, to name but a few.
4	No doubt a must for the excitement and experience for your taste buds!! Great for a special occasion or a foodie enthusiast. I love how they mail you a golden ticket via mail and upon entering the private dining room you have limited guest, personal wait and cooking staff with you along the entire culinary journey. Ambience is relaxing and have you sitting in the mind of Chef Jose Andres. I was able to add pairings with my meals (highly recommend) and enjoy every single bite provided by the staff. Personally, I do feel that the pricing was a bit much from what was offered but no doubt I will go back for more. I'll have photos from my experience with this exquisite meal but my photos don't do justice. You must experience it yourself. :)
3	E was a nice experience, but not without its drawbacks. There are only 8 seats, but the room is decorated with Jose's touches and it has a warm inviting feel for the dinner. The experience would be ideal if 8 of your friends or family could attend the seating (one at 5:30 and another at 8:30).  We had a nice experience nonetheless with the patrons we were with, although I could see it being awkward with loud voices or people who come in already sauced. DO get one of the gin and tonic drinks! Expensive but worth it.  Word of warning for people who are coming to E for Spanish cooking that is done live in front of you. There is really nothing cooked before you. The chefs that are with you are essentially plating the food that comes from the kitchen. They do a nice job of explaining the dishes and ingredients which strive to be Spanish based although items like the cotton candy, foie gras, and corn nut empanada wasn't particularly Spanish to me. Nor the bone in rib eye at the end of the meal which was good, but a better rib eye at Delmonico's or any of the vast steak houses in Vegas probably would have been better. The chefs are friendly and do encourage questions which makes for good conversation if your group engages with them.  The food was presented with flourish and executed well. Techniques like using a portable smoker for the oyster course and the edible sangria at the beginning of the service was well done. Overall the courses were small; e.g.  the cracker with the anchovy and other spreads.  It was well made and quite tasty but was still essentially a small cracker and considered a course. And while I expect that high end dinners that have many courses don't serve portions more than a few bites, this was the first time we have been to a dinner such as this that we actually could have used more food. Even a bread service might have helped in the hunger dept. They do offer wine pairings for this dinner which were solid. The wines were great and paired well with the food. They were also wines that one can't typically find and the server (Brian) was very knowledgeable. Unfortunately, we were the only two who had the wine parings which made it hard to interact with the others about the parings with the food.  Bottom line, the experience was worth it, but probably not worth the amount of money paid. Don't come to E to experience true Spanish cuisine or expect to learn a tremendous amount about Spanish ingredients. It's more flash and meal execution/preparation than anything which again was really nice, but I think I would have rather had the wood fired Paella's that were being made as you walked into the special dining room. The wife and I got a really nice experience sitting at the main bar in the restaurant watching the paella's being made over the wood fire, interacting with the bar staff and seeing all of the nice tapas coming out of the kitchen after our E experience was over. Choose wisely.
5	Like all the reviews before me, I can truly say that this place is phenomenal! The food was AMAZING, the service was impeccable, and the experience was "once in a lifetime." It will definitely cost you, but it is worth every penny! It is a very intimate setting, and the food is prepared right in front of you! They also don't mind questions and discussions. If you are wondering if you should go, GO!!!
5	I had the pleasure of being taken to this chef's table and will always remember this meal as one of my favorites in Las Vegas.   Should you get lucky and get a seat, you are truly in for a treat! I don't want to spoil the fun or any surprises, but the food is simply amazing, unexpected and visionary. Each dish was thoughtfully, artfully and meticulously designed. The wine pairings were unreal. The waitstaff was impeccable. It is not a stuffy experience at all, but instead a fun and creative experience. It helps if you are seated with a few fun folks.There is only a few seats per sitting, so getting good people at the table really can change the experience.they are able to customize the menu for any dietary allergies or restrictions (we had a couple in our group) without making that person feel like they are missing out on anything.If you want to impress or simply experience a meal that will become a memory, look no further.
5	19 courses of amazement with a golden ticket to boot (you receive a Willy Wonka type of ticket in the mail) - this culinary experience is not to be missed. I've been to places like French Laundry and Providence in LA and this experience is right up there. It's a unique experience with about 6-7 other people, so be prepared to either be social with strangers (as you all sit at the same table), or perhaps try to go with a group. We didn't do a wine pairing. The food was phenomenal and the presentation was pretty epic. I am not going to go through all 19 courses as I don't see the point as the menu changes. You leave this place not feeling over full (like you can with French Laundry), but content. The evening consists of a head chef and some helpers. The chef explains what they are serving and the others help them prepare it. Then, they present the food to you all at the same time (note: they don't actually cook any food in front of you, it gets cooked in their main kitchen, they just put it all together). You're free to ask questions as they prepare the food and make comments. This is definitely an "intimate" dining experience which would be wonderful to do with a group of close friends. I recommend the later seating because if you go with the first one, then there would be more pressure to be done by 8 for the next group. In total, we were there for about 4 hours. Reservations are required exactly 3 months from the date you wish to go.
5	Every single dish was in all dimensions phenomenal.  A true Jose Andres experience...there is so much more to each dish than the food presented.  Every flavor, essence, texture has a purpose and a story.   I loved that it wasn't a snooty experience.  The chefs were interactive and the atmosphere was very relaxed and fun.  Sure, it's a pricey affair...but when you realize how much time and effort goes into every dish, it's a great deal.   There's not one thing that goes into your mouth that makes you go..."oh this tastes just like..."  Everything is unique and brings you to a new place...that makes your eyes roll to the back of your head...or smile...and even laugh.  Some dishes were so fun and delicious, I just laughed.  That may have been the wine flight, though.
3	The experience was unique and watching the chefs finishing plating was very entertaining. However, the food left a lot to be desired. Possibly the least satisfying desserts I've had in a long time, and most of the savory plates were very one-note: one too salty, one too vinegary etc. Fun for the experience, but not worth the money.
5	Nothing in this world will ever match up to this experience.As you wait for the private room to be prepared, you sit just outside the restaurant at a massive 8 person picnic bench (for lack of a better word). Here a waiter brings you water and asks if you'd like the a glass of the signature Gin and Tonic. I did not personally order the signature drink, but the rest of my party did. A small sip was all I needed to realize I'd made a huge mistake. Take my advice and order it. The picnic table itself is my only complaint on the entire evening. I am ~6'2, and it was very difficult to get in and out of. From there you are escorted into your private dining room in the back of the restaurant, designed to emulate the inside of Jose Andres' mind. The room is dim and warm, and is decorated with all sorts of peculiarities. As you look around, you will have questions. Don't be shy, ask the staff what you're looking at and prepare for some insight into the man behind the meal.The meal itself was the most spectacular experience of my Vegas vacation. Every dish of the 19-23 courses is prepared by expert hands right before your very eyes. All questions about the food and process are welcomed and answered clearly and concisely. I wish I could provide more detail into the individual dishes, but each is so intricate and so unique it would take a serious foodie mastermind to remember it all.1) I remember an "edible sangria", which came individually packaged and gift wrapped. The sangria had been whipped into a light foam, a bed for the array of fruits that lay scattered throughout. 2) There was a cotton candy pillow (I forget what they're called), with corn nuts drizzled in a dark (slightly salty) sauce. It was the perfect balance of sweet and salty, and really set the stage for the meal to come.To make any further guesses at what was put in front of me would be an injustice to the food. All I can say is there was seafood and meats, breads and cheese, treats and delicacies and delights, textures and balance, creativity and simplicity. This meal can truly open your eyes to what real food is and what can be done with some imagination. If you have any questions feel free to reach out.Thanks for reading.
5	Dynamite!From top to bottom, one of the best meals I've experienced in my life.  Watching the chefs prepare the dishes while asking them questions was incredible.  I enjoyed most of the dishes (the fish one wasn't my favorite), and had a few foodgasms.  Looking forward to returning again.
5	Just amazing experiece from start to end.Got to try the full course !
3	Went to Jaleo at the Cosmopolitan during a business trip for dinner.  The ambience is nice and virbant and the area is very open.  The wait staff was very attentive and gave alot of recommendations.  They suggested that each person order 3-4 items from the menu as they tend to be rather small.  I ordered the Salmon with caudiflower and rasberries, Cavier with egg, Codfish with honey alioli, and wild mushrooms with olive oil.  The best dish out of the four was the salmon.  I was cooked to perfection along with the caudiflower and rasberries.  It was a very tasty dish.  The next best entree out of the four was the codfish with honey alioli.  Codfish was deep fried and in a ball (about 6 of them) and the honey alioli dipping sauce was superb.  What made me bring down the restaurant's rating were the last two dishes.  The Cavier with egg did not have as much flavor as I had hoped and was rather bland.  The mushrooms with olive oil also did not have much of an exuberant taste to it.  I should have stucked more to the fish dishes since they were excellent.  But all in all, not a bad dining experience, but also not a exceptional one.
4	A little conflicted with how to rate this review. Compared to other fine dining places I've been to (e.g., Guy Savoy, Roubouchon, Latalier, Alex, Le Cirque, etc.) I think the food is a 3.5. They just seem to be trying too hard to do something really over the top and unique. However, the experience in the private room with the over the top service is really great and what makes this meal and makes the experience a 4 or 4.5. At this price point there are better options but if you want an over the top service experience, send them an email for a res (the only way to get one!).
5	A great culinary adventure for all the foodies out there! Everything we had was really interesting and memorable. If I had to pick, the cotton candy foie, the ham and bean soup, and the iberico bun were my favorites. Even though 20 dishes seem daunting, it's really bite-sized portions and we were full but not stuffed at the end (which was great!!). I think part of the experience also depends on the other diners. The chef was very focused and the other diners were friendly but not too chatty, so it was a quiet meal. It would be nice to come with a group of friends so you can enjoy the experience.Would I come back again, especially given the $$$? Probably not anytime soon. I think this is a great choice for a really special occasion but I'll save my everyday $ for his other casual restaurants.
2	The fun part is receiving your admission tickets in the mail. I felt like Charlie in Willie Wonka and the Chocolate factory when he opened his chocolate bar to find his golden ticket! Come on, sing it with me - I've got a golden ticket...I've got a golden chance to make my way...and with a golden ticket it's a golden day. Ok I've watched that movie too many times.From there, it's unimpressive.We had the wine pairing and the non-alcoholic pairing with our meals. The wine pairing was spot on, the non-alcoholic pairing, some were good and some were not. Non-alcoholic pairing is hard. So I definitely don't give them lower stars just based on the non-alcoholic pairing.Perhaps we have eaten too many tasting menus, too many molecular gastronomy places. The experience, although intimate and cozy, was awkward and not worth the money. The food was not memorable. I'm very disappointed in this restaurant considering the hype. Sorry Chef Andres. Your other restaurants are much better.
5	Wow. Just wow. My friend decided to treat me out to E for my 21st birthday (I'm a lucky girl) as Jose Andres is my favorite chef. After being mailed our golden tickets in the mail, we eagerly went at 5:00pm for the first seating (5:30pm). They only have two seatings each night of 8 people- so a total of 16 people per night. Reservations must be made months in advance to get the seats you want as it is difficult to score the perfect ones. They first sat us outside at a communal bar/ table with the other 6 people, and give a brief introduction of whats to come (20 concept dishes that Chef Jose Andres has created) and what kind of pairing you want. Having been to Jaleo before, I was extremely confused as to where and how E could be so well hidden. But alas, it was right next to the bar on the left back corner, and the hostess had the door open for us as we walked through. Upon being seated, we were immediately given a warm towelette wrapped in lavendar that was placed in a mold of Jose Andres' hand. The chef of the day, Alex, explained to us that everything in the room had a story to tell- such as the uneven ladder with shoes which symbolized the girl who got away, to the doll trapped in the cage- the one who didn't get away. On the sides, there were ingredients that have inspired Chef Jose Andres throughout the years. We got the regular alcohol pairing which came with wines, moscato, vermouth, gin and tonic, sangria, and more. The La Tomatila (i think thats what its called) is an amazing tomato water infused drink- must order! I dont even like tomatos that much but damn was this good. All of the dishes are plated in front of you, you are free to ask as many questions as you want, an explanation is given for all the dishes, and everything is served at the same time- service at its best.I would go into a detailed description of everything I ate, but that would only ruin the surprise for future guests. I will however, give a gist of what I ate and let imagination do the rest~ Edible Sangria that came in a Styrofoam box 5/5Cotton Candy 2.0- Cotton Candy Dumpling with Foie Gras Mousse and Hazelnuts 6/5 (best thing all night)Beet-kini- dehydrated beet manchego cheese sandwich (Chef Jose's version of a grilled cheese, the perfect bikini for summer) 5/5Coca De Recapte- sausage and foie gras? crisp 5/5Merienda- after school snack that kids in Spain got- basically a bun stuffed with goat cheese (I hate goat cheese and this surpassed my expectations) 5/5Smoked Oyster and Chicken Oyster- Definitely unique and extremely different. 4/5 Pescado en Adobo- Codfish stick- the fish is much thicker than regular deep fried fish, not enough sauce for me. 3/5El Vermut- Mussels- 4/5Cava Sangria- sangria jelly in a spoon that bursts in your mouth. 5/5Fabes con Jamon- Jellied Fava beans in a thick rich broth- not a big fan of beans, but wow. 5/5Kokotxas al Pil Pil- Codfish Jowls- first time trying these, pretty chewy but delicious. 4/5 Mar y Montana- sea cucumber stuffed with pork. really interesting take on this dish. 4/5 The lady next to me asked the chef if the sea cucumber was a fish or a plant....Mushrooms en Papillote- Chanterelle Mushrooms- smoked in a plastic bag and when cooked, the bag is cut for you to eat. wow. This presentation... 5/5Chuleta- bomb but small piece of steak. I was so full at this point but still amazing 5/5Dessert- Pressed Cotton Candy with flowers and creme underneath- best dessert I have ever had. I wanted like 10 of these. 6/5Jellied egg yolk- with some cream. again, super impressed. 5/5Rum and coffee- this one takes 20 min to prepare, so you see a lady stirring the drink while it is on fire at the side for awhile. 5/5Chocolate cylinder that cracks open with liquid inside and crumble.. most delicious chocolate dessert ever. 5/5Ring Box with Hazelnut Ferrero Roche type chocolate- 5/5 The last dessert- it was okay. Dont remember it much. 3/5Mignardises- the four treats on the dish were so good- I couldnt choose what to finish first. Anyways, I felt so repetitive talking about how amazing all the dishes are, but thats the truth. Everything blew my mind away.The intimacy of the room and the environment made this experience unparalleled to any other dining experience I've had. Not only was the food and drinks on point, the service and decor only added the cherry to the icing. The only complaint I have was one of the guests, who made a huge deal of everything she couldnt eat, not finishing, and requesting substitions. At the end, you receive a book where you write a message to Jose Andres, and a bookmark saying what number visitor you are (11,788). You also receive a menu to take home, but it doesnt say much- just the title of the concept. Total came out to be around $900 for two (including tip), as the alcohol pairing was pretty expensive as well. Although this will definitely empty out your wallet, the experience is one you cannot receive anywhere else.
3	As others have reported, you email for reservations.  Email, provide credit card to hold reservation, then receive your golden tickets in snail mail.  Willy Wonka-ish golden ticket not needed when checking in as they have your contact info...20 courses of Spanish cuisine.They asked us to check in 30 minutes prior to your reservation to explain beverage options.  This would have been fine except they seated us 22 minutes late.  Minus points--ask us to be early yet seat us late.Plating only.  Meticulous and detail oriented, yet including preparation would've been true theatre as other yelpers have griped.  Chef and his staff lacked charisma--need personality.  They need to build up our anticipation, add/increase fervor!  Anticlimactic delivery...The all-important taste test... Underwhelming.  20 courses but not many wowed me.  Their centerpiece for this evening--their ribeye--did shine but not brightly.  Is this what Jose Andres is all about?  Bring in your fancy ingredients, impress my eyes, tease my nose, but let my tongue down... =(Tip included (quick glance looked like 20%).  Service was worth the 20% automatic gratuity.Would I come back here again?  Not on my short list of Vegas restaurants to revisit....
5	Truly a tour de force of Spanish Cuisine.Four visits, the most recent in the fall of 2014, e continues it's reign atop Vegas' culinary scene.Seated in the bar of Jose Andres, glasses of Cava in hand, getting to know your fellow diners.  The hostess for the evening (and the sommelier) discretely interrupt each party to discuss water preferences and drink pairings.  As is Spanish tradition, always a little beyond the appointed hour, you're whisked away past the roaring fire and pans of cooking paella and into a secluded private, whimsical dining room.  Seated at a semicircular stainless steel counter, surrounded by hard woods and trinkets; representing the mind of the chef.   A hard knock on the solid kitchen door, the music of Spain fills the room, the chefs and servers enter and take their positions.  The experience begins.E is about molecular gastronomy and modernist cuisine.  Perhaps a solid, foam sangria that magically dissipates on the tongue leaving the distinct flavor of wine and fruits, a thimble of soup with the pure essence of Spanish Jamon, liquefied olives that burst with the salty, briny taste of the real thing.  Artistry, flavor and pride are showcased in each dish as the head chef works in front of guest and describes each dish.  Tip:  Wine pairings are essential.  They tie courses together and greatly enhance the experience.  Standard pairing $130, select pairing $300.  Opt for the select.  Incredibly well though out, running the gamut from sherry to 20 year cellared brooding reds, impossible to find whites and dessert wines.20 courses grouped in three "flights".  Flavors of each small "starter" build on one another, as flavors of each and their accompanying wine pairing flow and compliment.  The progression makes the diner appreciate temperature and texture.  "Mains" provide contrast.  Flavors held together by the wine pairings that span more than one dish.  Finally desserts, with the boldest contrast between each to keep the palate yearning for more.As always, with meals of so many selections, not everything will be to your taste.  All good, the next bite awaits.Service is beyond reproach.  Unpretentious, friendly, very informative, perfect.The experience for three diners with select wine pairing, incidental drinks, water, service and gratuity, $2,100.Michelin three star worthy and a must in Vegas.Notes:1.  Reservations by emailing reserve@ebyjoseandres.com  beginning 90 day in advance.  No reservations or replies on Monday and Tuesday.  No phone in reservations accepted.  2.  Credit card required to warranty reservation.3.  Base price; $195 plus 20% service.
5	Partner took us to this amazing dining experience at the Cosmopolitan. Apparently the reservation was made 3 mths in advance and $400+ per head. Well worth the experience. A culinary journey of exquisite flavors and combinations of flavors. I would go again for a special occasion. Max seating is 8 in a private room. They give you the menu as a nice souvenir.
4	Great intimidate dining experience. Only 8 people per seating in a room at Jaleo in the Cosmo in LV. We were with a great group which made the experience that much better. Definitely recommend the wine pairing if you can afford it. We did the 21 course truffle tasting which was phenomenal. Each plate had so much detail and preparation involved it was amazing.Albeit some of the courses I could only take a few bites bc it was so decadent.  We got lucky and was able to get a last minute seating partly due to the price of the truffle tasting I'm sure. Jose Andres is definitely gifted in his field.
5	I've heard a lot about Jose Andres over the last few years but never had the opportunity to eat at one of his signature restaurants until NYE 2014!  It was the perfect experience to ring in 2015: fun, eccentric and (mostly) delicious.A lot of the service, aesthetics and particulars about the e experience have been covered in other reviews so I'll just talk about the specifics of the meal I had... which was - please don't hate me - TRUFFLE themed.  The tasting courses included (but not limited to):* Drunken Truffle - this was a little odd to be honest, with a peculiar outside taste and texture that was sort of like a very light mochi yet with a salty, musty taste on the grainy exterior.  I have to admit that I didn't like this much.* Foie Lipino - This was like a little chocolate covered donut with a foie gras filling.  It goes in very quickly tasting just like a donut before exploding the soft foie gras innards into your mouth in a pretty surprising taste and texture contrast.  Pretty tasty but no match for...* Foie Gras Empanada - SO, this was basically a Empanada with a cotton candy exterior instead of bread with Foie Gras filling and WOW was it delicious.  This may be the most amazing thing I consumed in all my time in Vegas.  The meal was almost worth the entire $325 price of admission just for this course.* Clams in Escabeche - This was described as a variety of Spanish comfort dishes one would have while relaxing out at a seaside bar.  It was not at all what I was expecting and was instead a delightfully tangy combination of flavors with a sauce so delictable that I wanted three more of them.  Next to the Empanada, this was the star of the show.* Live Scallops - Raw scallops that were fresh as of minutes from the beginning of the dinner.  Really enjoyed these but not as much as I would have a more traditional cooked Coquilles St. Jacques preparation. * Spanish Baby Octopus - Not a fan of this one.  Way too much of the sea in this one to truly enjoy.  Much prefer cooked or sushi preparation of Octopus.  A++ for effort here though!* Wagyu - Absolutely delicious... and a few more dishes I do not have time to detail.  All-in-all it was an amazing dinner complete with some of those moments where you eat something that is both amazing and unlike anything you have ever tasted before; it's these kind of experiences that remind me that food, when properly prepared, can be transformative just like any other art.  While I prefer Robuchon over e, I'm pretty sure e has unseated every other competitor.Highly recommended.
