5	The service is top-notch -- wait staff is highly attentive.  There is a small bar area and dining area is 4-seat tables and booths along the wall.  The food is very good and consistent.  I have dined here many times and have always been pleased with the food and service.
4	I haven't eaten here in a while, since they opened some nice Chinese restaurants near me in Dilworth.  However, this was the only place we would get Chinese when I was in high school, and the food was always delicious.  The restaurant itself is nice and intimate, the only negative is that it's in Sharon Corners, which is a miserable shopping center to get in and out of.
5	The food was very good, the service also and I was very happy that it was a non-smoking restaurant. They have an elaborate beer menu which was a plus also.
5	The food here is crazy good. I am a sucker for the pineapple chicken  fried rice served in a hollowed out pineapple.
4	I went to the Chinese restaurant Baoding today for lunch.  A restaurant that I have not been to in a long while...I think it has been at least 4 years.  The quality and service is still as good now as it was then.  Atmosphere - Modern and clean with Chinese murals and a mirrored wall to one side giving the place a nice sense of spaciousness.Service - Well dressed (white dress shirts & black pants) wait staff attend to your needs while a manager roves the area to validate everything is as it should be.  The wait staff was very accommodating to meal modifications and presented the food as ordered.   Food - I ordered a modified Chef Jack's Special, New T Chicken.  I modified it by changing the chicken from lightly breaded to no breading and asking for the brown sauce on the side.  It was tasty, but could be a little spicier for my liking.  The dish did come with a veggie roll and I like the fact that I was able to get brown rice instead of white steamed rice.  Price - The lunchtime price was just $6.95.  A great deal for the quality!Overall - Why did I wait 4yrs to come back?  Well, I live north of the city and forgot all about this place.  I will definitely be back.
3	Baoding.....I had been hearing about this place since I moved to Charlotte and was dying to try it.  The place is gorgeous on the inside....what I would totally expect for a restaurant in South Park.  The food:  My boyfriend and I both had the same opinion.....ehhhhhh.  It was nothing special.  I had soft shell crabs and they were okay, but I was left with a fishy taste in my mouth that never quite went away.  The veggies that came on the side were tasty, cooked perfectly.  My boyfriend at scallops that were supposed to be spicy but they weren't....at all.  The portions were small and nothing to freak out over.  Maybe if I tried somethig else.The service:  The servers looked the part for sure, dressed very nicely.  When we first arrived, our server was right there and as I tried to order the beer I knew I wanted from the extensive list, he plainly told me, "No, you don't want that one, you want this one."  I'm a seasoned beer drinker and I know what I like and I know what I want,  so I didn't really appreciate the denial from my server.  Also, as soon as our beer was delievered, we didn't see him again until after the end of the meal.  Our food (appetizers and dinner) was brought to us by different servers each time.All in all, I would probably go back, but not any time soon.  I wasn't super impressed but maybe trying something different from the menu would help.  The beer list is superb and reasonably priced.
4	When I'm in the mood for Chinese food, I usually want Jo Jo China Bistro (Baoding's sister restaurant); however, we had a coupon for Baoding, it's closer to home, and it's in SouthPark, so how bad could it be?  For being in an old strip mall (where the small Barnes & Noble used to be) that needs some refreshening, we were pleasantly surprised that the interior of Baoding was very upscale in appearance and nicely themed and decorated.  Better yet, the pricing was reasonable compared to other SouthPark restaurants.  I decided to try an entree I had never had before -- Three Glass Chicken.  I'm not sure of the meaning behind its name, and I'm not crazy for dark meat chicken as the dish contained, but the abundance of flavors (garlic, ginger, chili peppers, basil, cilantro, wine, sesame oil, and soy sauce) it offered sounded delicious and too good to pass up.  I wasn't disappointed.  The dish was very tasty, despite the more greasy dark meat.  The service was so-so, but we didn't let that impede our visit.  We enjoyed Baoding, and it can be great for either casual dining or on a date, but Jo Jo is still my preferred Chinese restaurant.
4	We had a great dinner at Baoding ! There were 6 in our party and everyone had a great meal. I had the szchuan chicken and asked if they would substitute broccoli for the red peppers and they graciously complied. Everyone said they had a great meal and that they would order the same thing again! I would highly recommend Baoding.
3	Disclaimer: I base this review on lunch only.I have a dream. My dream is that one day ethnic restaurants that modify menu offerings to suit "American" tastes to the degree that people in the restaurant's native country would have difficulty identifying those offerings call themselves "(fill-in-the-blank)-American" restaurants. Thus...Baoding is a good Chinese-American restaurant in the South Park area. Other Yelpers have described it well: it is attractively appointed with comfortable seating and an upscale bar. The service is consistent, as is the food, which explains the steady stream of middle-aged lunch patrons. I did not notice anything on the menu that would raise anybody's concern or curiosity. Spicy items were designated as such.My lunch, Hot and Sour Soup and Garlic Shrimp arrived (temperature) hot, well-presented and adequately seasoned. Neither dish was particularly fresh or inspiring, however.My thought: if you need a place to go that's consistent, Baoding is a good choice. If you're a food adventurer seeking authentic Chinese food, go elsewhere. I would not characterize Baoding as a good Chinese restaurant, but I will say it is a good Chinese-American restaurant.
5	Really impressed by this place.  We stopped here because we were in SouthPark (a rarity) and saw this place had good reviews on Yelp.  The beer selection was fantastic, and they had a great assortment of dishes.  If you got one of the specials, your entree could cost up to $15 but if you stuck with simpler chicken or veggie dishes, the plates were a more reasonable $8-$12.  My hubster got his fave, ma po tofu.  It is an easy dish to screw-up, but I'm happy to report that Baoding did an excellent job.    I was really impressed by the Shrimp Steamer dish I ordered.  Baoding is obviously trying to provide more health conscious options  through these "steamer" (i.e. steamed veggies and your choice of protein) dishes which are served to your in a bamboo steamer.  Despite being "healthy," I thought my steamer dish was really tasty.  During my time in Chicago, I found good authentic Chinese places, but I never found a really great Chinese-American joint, so I was pleased to stumble upon Baoding here in Charlotte (of all places!).  Oh, and the employees were really friendly and charming.  I plan to be a frequent customer here.
4	Good location, Good atmospehere, and Good Service.  Food is unique, not your typical Chinese.  Chilled cucumber salad and the dumplings are worth trying.  Not your usual soy soaked fried rice, it was still fried, but not brown, none the less, still very very tastey.  Low mein was okay, nothing special.  The seaseme fried tofu was perfect.  Good selection of drinks and due to certain restricitions on my diet, i did not have any meat, but have before and the shredded beef, three glass chicken, ad
4	Upscale Chinese restaurant that uses fresh ingredients. They have the typical  Chinese dishes. Everything in the menu is good. If you are looking for authentic Chinese food, skip this place. If you are on a meeting, or trying to impress a person used to Americanized chinese then this is your place.
2	Not impressed with the food. In fact, it is barely even memorable. I went a couple months ago and I forgot to write a review. I think we ordered vegetarian dishes and one was all tofu. I think I decided that the taste of the dish became redundant and I prefer variety in a meal. Perhaps ordering a few dishes and sharing, similar to family style, would have made it a better experience. The service was good and I remember that our glasses never came close to being empty. The atmosphere was nice and comfortable. The restaurant itself is in a good location.
4	I am embarrassed that I don't try more items when I eat here, but I come in specifically to get the chicken fried rice. It is nothing like usual Chinese restaurant fare as it is not soaked in soy sauce, and the chicken isn't the cubes from a can. All in all, everything seems to be freshly prepared in their kitchen. The spring rolls are made here and delicious, and the scallion pancakes are another favorite appetizer.The waitstaff has been here for years and are very good.  Anyone that walks past your table will fill your glass or take your empty plate.The atmosphere is very nice.  It seems that you have two choices in Chinese restaurants--corporate Chinese like PF Chang's, or red and gold with paper lanterns.  Baoding has it's own look, and the music is not some kind of bad kung-fu movie sound track, they play a variety of normal choices.When I want Chinese, this is the place for me.
3	The Szechuan Wontons are actually Thai style peanut sauce wontons.  The Kung Pao chicken is completely lacking in spice.  The pork fried rice is their own mild concoction, not reminiscent of any particular style.  And the brown rice was mushy.  Bland was the only word that came to mind at the end of a $35 take-home dinner.  The $2 egg rolls were the best thing about it, lots of flavor, but still not enough of a reason to choose Baoding over other local options other than the dining room which is huge and cozy.  So three stars for having a nice atmosphere for a sit down dinner.  Now if they can just add some character to the food...
3	3.5 stars after eating dinner there on a Friday night. First, the staff was quick to seat us, and the restaurant had a nice atmosphere. Extensive beer menu was appreciated. Dishes were ordinary American Chinese.Appetizers: the Szechuan wontons were tasty, and the Spring rolls were good too.Ordered the chicken steamer and am happy to report there was more than enough food for two, with plenty of fresh vegetables. Staff was very attentive!Wouldn't drive down to Southpark just for Baoding, but would return if in the neighborhood.  Good food, great service.
3	Honestly, coming from Los Angeles, I was disappointed by the lack Chinese food options in the area, but  Baoding is a good consistent lunch stop. They have a very easy menu with your standard fare, they are quick and the staff is nice enough. I wouldn't recommend it for dinner, but it is a great lunch standard. The place is a bit small for big groups though.
4	This is the best Chinese food in Charlotte that I have found. I am a pretty healthy eater, but often find myself craving the occasional Chinese splurge. The quality of food is great here - I don't feel gross after eating Chinese food here. I recommend the Seseme Chicken and the Cashew Chicken. If you are a fan of fried rice, you can't get fried rice with your entree, but you can get an appetizer with fried rice.
2	Took the family last night because many neighbors had suggested it for a meal. OK food, not too exceptional. Nice ambiance and service level was acceptable. Nothing about this restaurant made think "I am glad I came here tonight" Expensive food with medium taste profile. Not to return, I am afraid. We tried a sampling of spring role, velvet corn and chicken soup, fried crab won-tons, Asian beef & chicken, ginger shrimp, and pineapple chicken fried rice. 8 shrimp for $15+. Really enjoyed the Asian beef & chicken - good flavor. Crab won-tons tasted like only cream cheese and no crab. Velvet corn and chicken soup was tasty but needed lots of pepper.
3	Since half stars arent part of the rating system, I'll add that imaginary 1/2 in the written review :)  So, the usual drill:  In the area, lunchtime, we decide on Asian, look across to see Baoding, settled.They have attractive decor and I particularly liked the overhead drapery in royal purple.......elegant touch.  It was lunchtime so a lot of tables were occupied.  The menu was limiting in my opinion, they had 4 seafood choices, 4 chicken choices, 4 pork, 4 beef, and a couple apps and maybe 4 soups.  Perhaps the dinner menu is different and has more variety?I ordered the Firecracker Shrimp (xx spicy) and my lunch buddy ordered Garlic Shrimp and we decided to sample the Singaporean Noodles.  Entrees come with a choice of 2 crab rangoons or a spring roll.  Both dishes turned out to be delicious, not quite my spice level although I requested it, but still tasty.  They didnt skimp at all with the shrimp but they did with the vegetables and rice.  The mound of rice was so tiny, I barely got 5 bites out of it.  I would NOT suggest the noodles at all, they tasted funny and purfumey, left a horrible aftertaste.  The service was okay as the server seemed frighteningly bored --- probably preferred a day of golf instead :)I would eat here again, if Im in the area.
3	After much anticipation, I finally made it out to Baoding...for lunch.I had the chef's special: Szechuan shrimp, chicken and beef with brown rice. It wasn't horrible, but it was bland. Very bland. I expected spicy as the description stated, but its about as spicy as a spicy chicken from Wendys. The baby corn in the dish tastes like it was just taken out of it's soaking liquid (or can) and thrown right in without being drained. It tasted very watery and has not absorbed any flavor from the gravy (and yes I know the corn won't absorb much flavor at all).Since this restaurant is highly praised, I just going to have to come back another time. Maybe for dinner and I'll just hope they won't disappoint me then too.  On the plus side though, my fortune says, "You will inherit money and jewelry." Wait a second, hmm.... inherit? That isn't necessarily a good thing is it?
3	Having not eaten here, currently waiting for my takeout, I think 3 stars is pretty fair and accurate. Hope this helps!
4	Tucked away behind Harpers, Baoding has a dark, modern decor which is inimate enough for two but accomodates a larger group as well with being too loud.People who mention the greatservice are not joking - our waiter was on top of our glasses and needs the entire meal.I ordered Spicy Pineapple Shrimp an asked that it be made extra spicy. What I got wasn't spicy enough for my tastes but it was absolutely delicious.My friend got a chicken dish that was recommends by the waiter which was spicy and served in an adorable pot right there on our table. Heavy in lemongrass, he was also disapointed in the spicyness.They would have gotten five stars had the dishes been extra spicy like we requested but I undrstand that most people don't like big heat :) next time I'll emphasize very very spicy an see what they can do with it.
3	Since moving away from San Francisco my husband and I have kind of given up on getting good Chinese food, unless we are in NYC. We don't particularly mind though, and when one of us gets a craving we'll ask the other "want to get some bad Chinese food?". Sort of like how the movie Blue Lagoon is so awful it's loops around again and becomes enjoyable.Baoding is not bad. It doesn't make your heart race either. Prices are pretty spendy for what you get. We had soup for appetizers: Hot & Sour and Velvet Corn. Both were very ordinary but fine. For entrees we had Tangerine Beef, which could have been spicier. Also had Sauteed String Beans, which were nothing to write home about, just a big 'ole plate of beans.The service is where they set themselves apart. We were seated immediately on a busy Friday night. The atmosphere is comfy and dark with lots of booths for some privacy. Drink and food orders were taken promptly and food arrived swiftly.We had our normally darling toddler daughter with us who became An. Absolute. Nightmare. When she became too distracting to the other diners we asked for our food to be wrapped and the staff quickly got us sorted -- but not before our daughter smeared food on the wall mirror by our booth. Great, just great.Husband removed the kid from the premises as I tried to settle the bill and clean up the mess. The staff were gracious and complimentary of our kid, despite her behavior, and brushed it off when we tried to apologize. If we eat here again it will be as take-out!
2	Ugh... Way overpriced, same taste as the food court at the mall. And when I asked to change one thing on a dish, was told "NO"
1	I ordered the seafood special under "Chef Specialties" Was supposed to have shrimp, scallops & crab. Guess what? NO CRAB. Manager explains they took it out because people didn't like the fake crab meat. Well don't advertise as real crab & take it off the menu!!!!! The manager didn't offer anything. It would have been nice if they had told me this before I ordered. The noodles were soggy as well... This place put me in a BAD mood & I will never, I mean never go here again!
4	Baoding is great.  The service is outstanding, the food is fresh tasting.  The vegetables are always nice and the proteins are well cooked.   Don't come here if you want greasy, nasty cheap Chinese food.   Go to the food court at the mall and spend $7 for some crap instead.   If you want much nicer quality food in a nice atmosphere with excellent service, come here.  Yes, you will pay more, but it's worth it.
4	I'm a lunch patron because they're close to my workplace...When I go here, I'm looking for two things:  good food and quick service.  The former is always delivered, the latter, well...mostly, they do get busy.Personally, I get the Pork Fried Rice and occasionally hot and sour soup.  Simple dishes, admittedly, but their execution is what impresses me most about Baoding.  When the plate of rice arrives, you can immediately tell that they JUST MADE IT.  No, its not some dish they made a lot of and left under a lamp.The soup is always great.  The service is also nice.
5	I have been here a few times to just pick up dinner a long time ago and it has always been great. This time we decided we would go in for lunch and it was still really good!! We did a little buffet style and tried a little bit of everything! We had the House Lo Mein, Beef and Broccoli, Fried Green Beans,  and a Cucumber salad. It was all really great! The service was great and it was not that pricey
4	Baoding used to be one of my favorite restaurants when they first opened - which believe it or not was around 18 years ago. While it may not be the same level of Chinese food that you could get in San Francisco or New York, for a Charlotte Chinese-American place, I think they are offering a good quality of food - much better than their location competition.  First off, I really like that they offer steamed white or brown rice with your entree instead of what I consider to be Chinese "fast food rice" - the ubiquitious cheap fried rice that you get at most Chinese places around here.   I also like that they give you a choice of spring roll instead of egg roll. I normally order the Chicken with Cashews here. I know, its not adventuresome or sexy or spicy - but I really like the way they make it here and it has always been one of my favorite dishes.  The chicken is cooked just right - not overdone chewy or rubbery.  The cashews, mushrooms, and brown sauce have a good flavor and they put enough cashews in the sauce- unlike the cheaper Chinese places.Because I have Jo-Jo in Stonecrest, I don't venture out specifically to go to Baoding - when I am in the neighborhood at lunch or dinner time, I'll definiitely drop in to enjoy a good meal!
3	Seems to be on the decline......pricier than other options for comparable food. Best Chinese in Charlotte is China 88.
4	Very decent Chinese food - more than adequate in a non-coastal city ;-)
4	My wife and I had lunch at Baoding today, since we were in the Southpark area. We've eaten at Baoding before, but it has been a while. We've been in the habit of going to JoJo's for Chinese, but on our last visit to JoJo's there were a couple of disappointing changes to the lunch menu. (We are retired so tend to eat out at lunch more often than dinner).The setting at Baoding seems a little more upscale than JoJo's. Definitely more of a date spot. The staff was very pleasant, although quite busy. We both got the combination lunch with shrimp, beef and chicken. For sides, my wife got a spring roll and brown rice; I got the brown rice and fried won-tons. We both thought the food was very good and cooked just right, although it could have been hotter when it was served. I finished about half my meal. With two diet cokes the tab came to $22.xx after tax but before tip.I still think PF Chang's probably has the best Chinese food in Charlotte, although it is definitely overpriced, and the noise level is too high for me. Still, Baoding was a very enjoyable meal.
3	Solid lunch spot in the South Park area. However, if you are in a hurry the service is a bit inattentive. If you don't mind asking for things, you'll have no worries here. It's been a while since I was here last, but a few co-workers wanted to eat here so I happily went along. I was pleasantly surprised that their lunch portions were good. Since I don't like eating the same flavor for the entire meal, I ordered both the veggie fried rice and veggie lo main. Both were good and I'm glad I got a little variety. I definitely had leftovers. You can eat for under $10 an entree for lunch here and it seems very popular since it was a packed house.
2	I ordered the dumplings and pineapple fried rice.I've never had fried rice that was so white-It lacked flavor. The dumplings were just okay. I don't think I will come back here for Chinese food.
4	I think this is the best Chinese in Charlotte.   Unfortunately, they let their manager  and some of their staff go AND changed what was a very good menu.  However, they will still make you about anything off menu.  Servers are friendly, food tasty.
3	Chinese food here in Charlotte is my least favorite food to eat. Why? Because it never tastes fresh. It seems that most places serve overcooked meats and veggies loaded with salt and grease. Baoding however is different. The food is fresh, tasty and light without being overly salty or greasy. The menu is pretty standard but they do have some interesting "specialty" menu items. I recently had the Three Glass Chicken. YUMMO! Beware, there are WHOLE cloves of garlic in this dish as well as chilies and ginger with a kick This entree has a very unique flavor and is a nice change from your typical Chinese dishes. I also like the fact that I can have Brown Rice instead of white with no questions asked.I find their common dishes like the lo main and the chicken and broccoli to be good but a touch on the bland side. It's nothing a little soy sauce couldn't fix however yesterday we found ourselves at a table with no SS. Really? AND no chopsticks. We had to ask for both.All in all I find Baoding to be a solid go to place. The atmosphere and staff are on point as well. A good place to go when a craving for Chinese food kicks in.
5	Found myself alone for lunch and remembered the sign outside while visiting 'Moe's'.  Asian grill $5.99. Can't be good, right? WRONG!!!  This was EXCELLENT!  They had 4 or 5 choices of lunch choices and the flounder was excellent!  That and a diet coke was less than $9!  And again, did I say EXCELLENT???   Go, give it a lunch try..... You will see for yourself!  Oh, and the staff was almost too attentive, and extremely courteous.  Can't wait to take my office buddies.
3	I've been here 3 times. Once for sit-down dinner, second time sit-down lunch, third time carry-out. The first time was the best time. I ordered beef & broccoli with brown rice. I thought the beef was of good consistency (not chewy or fatty like other chinese spots) and it was very flavorful. The following occasions I was not as lucky. Food was bland (fish with noodles & beef & broccoli again) and was just average chinese food. Perhaps this place is hit or miss with the flavor. However, the service has been consistently good and friendly.
4	We were in the area shopping and ended up eating lunch at Baoding.  The food and service was excellent.  The price was reasonable.
4	Classic Americanized Chinese food. Greasy and good. Fry up some sort of meat, put a sauce on it, steam some veggies on the side and serve with rice. Well done. I'd go here again and again. Not bad pricing, either. I ordered the sesame chicken. The sauce was unbelievable. Reminded me of a buffalo wing/sesame chicken sauce. So totally conventional but great.
4	Went here with my In-Laws who were craving good Chinese. So my friends at work recommended Baoding, and I decided to take a chance and go. Boy am I glad we did! Authentic Chinese? Not so sure. Yummy? You bet! My Father-in-law had the wonton soup, and he raved at the complexity and depth of the broth. The potstickers were good, just wish they were a LITTLE more crispy. But they were very tasty....just picking. The veggie egg rolls were yummy too.We ordered 4 full entrees, and threw in their Singapore noodles to make it 5. I've got to say that EVERYTHING was very tasty! The dishes that featured Chicken was REAL chunks of Chicken, not 90% breading with a tad of Chicken. Had their Tangerine beef which was good, but I would like to see a tad LESS Tangerine bits in the dish. Tasty nonetheless. General Tao's was very yummy too.All in all, a VERY tasty meal in a town generally lacking good Chinese (except for Dragonfly off Park Road which is equally yummy).Definitely will return to try other tasty morsels!
4	Delicious food. Professional service. Convenient Southpark location. Intimate. Reasonable pricing.
5	Great food, fast service for a business lunch
5	THE BEST Chinese in Charlotte.  Hands down.  Great service.  If you are thinking of going to PF Chang's...keep moving down the street to Sharon Corners.  Shopping center is difficult to get in and out of but it is worth it.
4	More Gourmet than most Chinese!  The Service is VERY Polite!  They said they would NOT exchange Vegetables on the Sesame Chicken, if I wanted Onion order something else!  Probably Laughing a little (it surprises me sometimes, not this time) so I ordered what I really wanted "Sesame Chicken with NO Broccoli" and a Spring Roll, White Rice!  They added steamed : Green Beans, Carrots and Red Bell Peppers. No Onions with Sesame Chicken! My English is OK, ok I flunked College English five times, no Joke!  My Chinese is mostly Perfect Canadian (French Canadian English)!Sesame Chicken was Very Good! 4 yelp stars!Spring Roll was good. 3 yelp starsBasil Rolls (think Vietnamese Summer Roll or an Unfried Spring Roll [I think]) These are Very Good!  Jicama instead of Noodles!  Crunch and NICE Flavor! These are better than almost all Chinese Rolls and Better than some Thai and Vietnamese Restaurants... When I think of it that way, it is a Pretty BIG Compliment!  These Basil Rolls get 4 yelp stars!Hot Mustard is as hot as Dragon Fly which means it is therapeutic (to me) some will think it is TOO hot... I think it is Perfect and Drowned my Spring Roll... My eyes did not cry, my nose did a little and I drank more water than usual, again I say Perfect!  Probably from a Large Jar? This time that will be just fine.Yesterday was my Third Dine here, second Lunch.
4	Baoding is the best Chinese food in Southpark. That being said I think it is a little overpriced, but not overpriced enough to stop me from having it every other week.
3	Stopped in for lunch on Saturday.  We had the chilled cucumber appetizer and it was delicious!  Wife is a vegetarian and had the Eggplant in garlic sauce. Marked as spicy but wasn't (still tasted good).  The texture of the eggplant was a little off-putting (more like a cooked plantain).  I had the Asian steak which is really a pepper steak; good quality ingredients (scallions, onions & mushrooms) but mostly a one-note dish.  Spring rolls were good.  Sauces provided seemed off; weak mustard and a slight ketchup taste to the duck sauce. Will come back to try the hot and sour soup and edamame.
4	This place is really not that shabby at all. Not 5 stars, but hey 4 is worthy. Here is why, this place actually puts effort into its interior decor, which stands out from the rest of Asian restaurants. It also has a very well stocked bar, you are after work one day and you are craving Asians but also want a nice mixed drink, they got you covered! I LOOOVE their pan fried flat noodle YUM YUM YUM, they didn't have a veggie option listed and I asked if I could have it with fried tofu, and BAM, it was done! The appetizers are also quite good, very nice flavors. My mom also came here for their lunch specials before and said they are quite unique. Instead of regular Chinese take out lunch this place has angel hair and tilapia type healthier, higher class food. HECK YES! What I also love is I don't end up smelling like Chinese food after I walk out of here, so not a worry if you need to return back to the office afterwards or continue on your nice date. They also have very nice lighting in here, not too bright, not too dark, just right to add in a little romantic kick. I love the way their booths are sectioned, it makes you feel like you are in your own little world with draperies over you, check it out guys! Not bad of a Chinese joint for Charlotte!
4	The best hot and sour soup in the city
2	Waited a long time to try this place. Wish I had waited longer.The service was very good; everyone was very polite. However, the food was borderline bad. I ordered the Sesame Chicken lunch special. The chicken portion was at least half vegetables, which was very disappointing. Not that I don't like vegetables, but I ordered chicken. The chicken itself was mediocre at best. I'll take "fast food" chinese any day over this. Definitely will not return.
5	This is the first restaurant I ate at in Charlotte 15 yrs ago. My new friends took me here and I've been going back since. I get the "Shredded Szechuan Beef" almost every time. It's a dinner item, but you can order it at lunch. The spring rolls are great as well as the fried crab stuffed wonton appetizer- my new favorite. I often have a business lunch here (reasonably priced lunch specials) and my wife and kids like it as well.
5	Delicious Chinese food!  I had the Trio of shrimp, scallops & chicken and all food was very fresh and wasn't salty like other Chinese restaurants.  The servers were very  polite and this was a wonderful experience and will definitely go back!
3	My hubby and I went to Baoding for lunch because we were near South Park and decided to try it.  The restaurant is very nice inside with comfy booths. My first impression of the menu was that it was very Westernized.  I appreciate all kinds of Asian-inspired cuisine but I think I was just hoping for more authentic Chinese. I ended up ordering the Chinese-style steak and my hubby ordered the Firecracker Shrimp.  They were both good but my steak was little on the tougher side.  His shrimp was cooked perfectly. The service here is beyond nice and polite. They get 5 stars for their customer service.
3	Good for kids?  NO!  They don't have high chairs...it was a disaster!!!!!
4	I'll say that I had a marvelous experience here. Let me echo the previous notes on the service by saying mine was excellent. The wait staff are very polite and attended me well.Tonight I ordered a hot tea, spring roll with shrimp and chicken, and the Ma Po tofu with brown rice. The roll was crispy and piping hot which I liked. The tofu was good - didn't think it was all that spicy (even though the menu indicates it's a spicy item). The atmosphere inside is urban/upscale, with jazz music playing in the background. Certainly not what I'm accustomed to in a Chinese restaurant but I enjoyed it. I plan to go back to try the Chinese eggplant - check it out if you're in the South Park area. Loved it.
1	If you are a South Park yuppie you will love it. If not stay away. Nuff said.Staff is rude. And they are idiots
4	Really good quality Asian cuisine that is always reliable. Been going there for years and I've never had a bad experience.
4	We were searching for a nice Chinese food restaurant where we could sit down and eat (PF Chang's doesn't count), and were pleasantly surprised by Baoding.  The restaurant has a nice and calming ambiance/decor.  The servers are very attentive and pleasant as well.  We got the pan fried chicken dumplings for an appetizer.  They were good quality, but kind of boring tasting.  For the entree, we got plane lo mien noodles and General Tso's chicken.  The lo mein noodles were great, and the chicken was even better.  The chicken was extremely tender and crispy, not chewy and weird like at some Chinese food places.  And, for some reason, I didn't feel horrible after eating it....so that's a nice surprise.We definitely look forward to coming back here again for a nice relaxing dinner.
3	Went last night with a party of five. Had a reservation and table was waiting for us.  The food was good especially the chicken wonton soup. However, the service was another story. The food took a very long time to come out and one meal arrived about 5-10 minutes after the others. Plus, we had to ask for water a couple times.  We will return though. Chinese food options are few and our favorite Jo Jo in Stonecrest closed down.
4	Wish we had half stars as this is a strong three with high potential to be a full four star.  An excellent Chinese restaurant.The shopping center in which it is located is "in a hole" meaning that you have to slide down into their parking lot and shops.  And Baoding is just about exactly opposite one of the entry drives, which makes it hard to get around cars parked in front.We went for lunch.  Interior was warm, to the dark side of light, but cozy and pleasant.  Menu had all the standard meals and we ordered quite a variety, all of which were good.  My best take-away experience was that the kitchen will cook to order if you have something you have had overseas or would like a certain dish cooked differently, no problem.In my many travels throughout Asia I spent a lot of time in Kuala Lumpur (KL) my favorite breakfast was Bee Hoon, the small rice/glass noodles stir fried with shrimp, squid, and lots of other stuff.  Very yummy.  Problem has been that Chinese/Asian restaurants in the Charlotte area only serve Singapore Noodles, which are Bee Hoon style, but always, to my disappointment, cooked with curry powder.At last, Baoding understood what I wanted and even offered another way to prepare this dish with a white rather than a brown sauce.  The waitress knew exactly what I wanted but checked with the chef, who also joined our table discussion and out came a wonderful pile of Bee Hoon in white sauce.  The waitress assured me that if I did not like it that they would replace it.I did and was, and continue to be, happy with my Bee Hoon.And I appreciate how Baoding takes special orders in stride.  And that says a lot about how competent their kitchen is.  Yes, sir...this is the place.
4	First time I've been here in five years and it didn't disappoint! There wasn't a lot of traffic on a Saturday which I liked... but based on the food it should have been packed! The chicken lettuce wraps were pretty good! The rest dishes were savory and well prepared (had the Kung Pao chicken and crispy orange beef). You can get white or brown rice. The crispy beef was still crispy and the orange sauce had a little bit of a kick to it... just the way I like it. The service was nothing to write home about, but decent nonetheless. You know its a good Chinese place when all the staff talks with a think accent :-)
5	We came today, Sunday, and several specials. Was excellent. For $6.95 I had flounder w peppers, onions, pineapple, brown rice, spring roll and salad. Boyfriend had fish, chicken, beef for same price. They let me change the special from fried to grilled flounder. Excellent price, clean, fast service. We will be back!
4	Here the food is good.i have ordered spring roll and house fried rice , both are very good.one house fried rice is enough for 2 ppl if you eat moderately.quantity and quality is good and also nice ambience with Great Wall if china painting on the wall and mirror made it looks like big restaurents.worth visit and I will visit this place again and again.
5	I went to this place wanting sesame chicken, and I got what I asked for the chicken was amazing. Best sesame chicken I've had. The food is good I would highly recommend you get the sesame chicken. The service is okay and the waiters don't speak to much English but the food is delicious.
3	This restaurant has been around for quite sometime. This is the first time I've eaten from there though. I was in the area last week and wanted to bring some takeout home. I called in and got the yellow chicken curry with veggies and the steamed veggie dumplings. The curry was nice and had a little kick to it which I appreciate. It also came in a two-parter take out container; rice on one side and saucy curry in the other like that. The steamed veggies, not my favorite. Baoding, like Akhana, serves their veggie dumplings in spinach skins/wontons and I just don't like that. They aren't sticky enough. Skip those. Overall, fast, hot, ready when promised and friendly. I'll go back but only when in the area I think.
