1	I must admit, I like The Hives, the Swedish neo-punk band, they have catchy tunes. I don't however like hives you receive from an allergic reaction from sushi. Yes, it is true, Ra tried to kill me. I went to this Ra, not following my mantra ABRA (anything but Ra) and met my parents for dinner. For some unknown reason they love Ra. I figured , what the hell, it's their favorite place so I'll just roll with it. (or sashimi with it) The food was fine for Ra standards, all I had was my  normal assorted sashimi plate with a side bowl of rice. Keep in mind I eat sushi almost every week, and sometimes twice a week. Only once before did I get a little sick from sushi, if I remember correctly, I didn't touch the stuff for like 6 months :( When you get some sort of "food poisoning" you really try to figure out what the hell went wrong that day. As I awoke Sunday a bit itchy, I noticed some small red spots appearing and disappearing. Throughout the day I realized, I was have an allergic reaction to "something" I have NO allergies, so this is new for me. As I thought back, I had to blame the sushi, it was the only unique thing I had all day. I kept wondering, what fish was to blame? The tuna, octopus, white fish, salmon? I think the culprit was either the white fish or octopus, I eat neither that often. I have to say, having the "hives" isn't as much fun as listening to The Hives. I hate Ra, so much more now. ..HATE HATE HATE it. I mean, once you are poisoned by a place, it looses it's luster.   Yes, eating Sushi is a risk, but I have been an avid sushi fan for about 6 years now, and never really had this type of problem before. Either way, benadryl works wonders with hives. I am no Elephant Man, but the redness, and itching does make you feel a bit uncomfortable, and also conscience of your appearance.  I just wonder if I'll be off sushi for a while.....
1	If you want sushi, I'm sure the AJ's Market in the same complex will sell you prepackaged sushi at higher quality / low cost.The good:  At least happy hour prices minimized the wallet-damageThe bad: Slow service.The ugly:  Was the tuna frozen or something?See my other review(s) for Japanese food recs in PHX and LA
1	....Speechless.....I mean really...I don't understand how anyone could call THAT sushi.  I usually don't flat out say horrible...but this place, it is horrible.  I understand that there are people who have not been exposed to anything but this so called sushi place.  If you are one, please please do not think this is it.  If you want good sushi in Arizona, try Hiro Sushi in Scottsdale.  Yes, it is more expensive but at least you are eating SUSHI.  *Decor = trying very hard to be "hip"*Atmosphere = loud with drunk people all over*Food = SUCKS...really, they truly suck*Service = slow
4	Not sure what the issues were with the other reviewers.  Yes Ra tries to be hip, they've been that way for TEN YEARS.  Every location looks different but the all have the same things in common: Loud music, Good lookling staff.  The sushi is good, i've had better, but 1 star? I don't get it.  Mary took the time to explain to my wife the different kinds of Sake they offer and what makes them different.  The food did not take forever, is 20 minutes really that long?  Maybe these reviewers should give the place another chance.
4	Like Chris L, I don't understand why people took such a dislike to this restaurant. (Well, I would have been as annoyed as heather b. if I were waiting while the staff was yakking.)Anyway, since I'm a fan of sashimi and nigri sushi, the most important attribute of a sushi restaurant to me is freshness, and I was totally satisfied in that regard. The fish quality was fine, too, not like the fish my husband got in Japan (he just returned) but again, very enjoyable. What we had: tuna, salmon, squid, octopus, salmon roe, eel and edamame. (The eel and edamame were cooked, obviously.)Many points for the squid -- I love squid, and it's better at some places than others. Only low point: the salmon roe. This is usually one of my favorites. It tasted strange to me in flavor and texture. I sent mine back; my husband ate his. The waitress looked into it, and it turns out that RA Sushi customers had been complaining that the roe was too salty, so the kitchen has been rinsing them in some way. I guess some people like that better. It turned out okay; they didn't charge us for them and I ordered more squid instead.Our waitress was very friendly and the service was good once she discovered our table (the hostess hadn't told her we were there.)One thing to note: The two misted porches were filled and the interior was completely empty! That's because the music inside is too loud for conversation. That is fine during a happy hour or at place with a singles atmosphere, but this was a Thursday evening in Mesa, and all the customers were over-30s in very casual clothing who just wanted to talk to their friends and spouses. The managers should admit that this is a different crowd from the one you find at other locations and cater to them with a lower noise level. Soon it will be too hot to eat outside, even with misters, and they will lose a lot of business in a down market. I hope they read these reviews!
4	I go there because I like the tuna and Pacific Rim Riesling. Staff is ok and the music is good but really loud.
3	Ok, so this isn't the best sushi ever. Everyone knows that. But they have a great happy hour! We came here and ordered 2 sushi rolls, 2 other apps (shrimp tempura and chicken yakitori) and 2 beers and spent just over $20 and we were stuffed. Sunday nights (right around 8 when happy hour starts) is a great time to come because the bar isn't too crowded. You have to get out before the DJ starts though because the music can be too loud. They have a nice patio which unfortunately faces the parking lot and busy Val Vista. Service was better than the other locations I've been too (Tempe, Ahwatukee, and Old Town). Plates were promptly cleared which a must when you're sitting at a small high top. This place is also very open. Some of the Ra's I feel almost claustrophobic in when I'm sitting inside. This place is fairly close to home and the customers here are a little older, and the vibe here is more relaxed so I'll definitely be back to this location.
4	I don't understand why the average rating for Ra is 2 1/2 stars!Ok, so, the food isn't "the best" (I've had sushi in San Francisco, Honolulu, Manhattan, Seattle, L.A., San Diego, Miami, Boston, basically anywhere where you expect great fresh sushi)That being said, it's good for the value.  Really "great" sushi is expensive!  Anybody expecting that should not come to Ra, and/or give it a bad review because of that.People come to Ra for the GREAT Happy Hour and the fun/young/hip atmosphere.  I give all that 4 stars.One of the BEST tofu apps I've EVER had.(if you do try that app, make sure to ask for lots of the little crunchies on top, and extra eel sauce on the side, those are the best parts, and sometimes they put too little)The tofu is cooked firm on the outside and creamy on the inside, so good!The veg tempura is good too, and at about $3 appiece, you CAN'T beat it!Still the BEST Vegas rolls I've had anywhere!I wouldn't really come here off of Happy Hour, but that is because I am broke.  However I would really like to try some of the menu items I've never had.  (I've had regular menu items, and they were good too)The patio is nice, especially with the great weather we have here, but I wish they had a smoking patio.   One thing that I've read on other reviews that is absolutely true = you will want to sit on the patio, unless you don't want to hear your friends, since the music is WAY too loud inside. (but it's sometimes loud outside too!) That would be cool for a Fri/Sat late night, but they blast the music even on weekdays starting at the 3 o'clock Happy Hour!I've read some knocks on the waitresses.  I've never really had a bad experience with them.  Ra does it right like every bar/restaurant should do and hires young attractive women.  They've always been really nice and friendly too.
3	Had a great time at happy hour! Way busy but that is expected.  Get ready to be seen lots of pretty peeps. Good food, atmosphere and service. Lunch time they are not nearly as busy but happy hour is worth it for the prices you can try many fun dishes...don't forget the vegas rolls theirs is quite nice.
2	Fish is not fresh, too much rice, rice of poor quality and too cold.  This is worse than the RA in Scottsdale that I only eat at when I stay at the hotel it's in.  Decent atmosphere here but that's where the good ends.
4	I prefer Blue Wasabi, but the sushi is good quality. I'm not a fan of the interior, its not all spicy and lit up like the BW.
3	the food is good.  the outside seating is good.  the service was bad.  it took them for ever for everything.  not that we were in a rush but come on get it together.
5	Love this place i had fun with my family and the service is Great all my facebook friends check it out.
2	I do love the food here, although it is extremely Americanized Sushi. That's to be expected, but this isn't why I gave it two stars. I went for dinner and I thought I had entered a club. The music was loud and thumping, and we literally had to yell to have a conversation. It was during happy hour so I'm not sure if that is why, but all the same it didn't help the experience. I don't mind loud music, but it definitely didn't feel appropriate in this restaurant. I guess I'd go back, but maybe I'll just take someone I don't really want to talk to. ;-)
3	Oh Ra..You made us wait for just short of an hour for a table, but Ra, I still love you.  You asked us if we wanted to sit outside with rain covered tables and chairs and made a point to tell us if it started raining harder you would not be responsible for our food or drinks, but Ra, I still love you.  Our waiter just wasn't into our party, but Ra, I still love you.I know I should just get out of the abusive relationship with Ra but the Food was tasty, beer was cold, sake was hot. What can I say, I am a sucker for love.....
4	My husband and I went here on a Saturday for lunch; we were seated immediately and our waitress was very attentive. My husband isn't very experienced with sushi, and I'm not exactly an expert either, so she was great about going over the menu and trying to help my husband use the chopsticks (he managed to break the training ones). My favorite was the Tunacado and my husband's favorite was the Las Vegas roll. We ordered the pineapple cream cheese wontons for an appetizer and they were good, but nothing to rave about, so I'm glad we got them for free with a coupon. My husband ordered Sake, but the waitress forgot about it (as did we) until the end of the meal, so she gave it to us on the house. I guess Sake is best when sipped throughout the meal, so that was kind of a waste, but at least it was free.Overall, it was a fun and satisfying sushi experience.
4	Not sure about the negative reviews here. Great prices, awesome toro. Happy hour is a complete steal by any standards. I've gotten out of this place before and felt like I had just pulled off a heist. The chefs prepare the Negiri and rolls to perfection. The bartenders pour generously and are pretty quick unless the place is packed. Even so, they're always around to wave down for that next round of Saki Bombers. Oh.. and try the peach or flavored Saki. Not too bad with a Kirin Light.
1	My gripe is that when you serve imitation crab meat you MUST let people know.  Seriously, there are a lot of allergy sufferers out here and I am one and I do not like having an allergic reaction to something I should not have one to!  If you are going to serve nasty fly by night imitation food, I really can't eat there.  Sushi is sushi and it should be real and fresh.  Enough said!
2	Not the best, not horrible. Waitress not being able to make a recommendation or knowing what anything is, pretty lame. This place is very overrated.
2	The happy hour prices make it affordable but the food quality still doesn't match the price.  I've had a fresher tasting roll at AJ's grocery store.  My colleagues and I went here for an early dinner (they eat here a lot) and even they said it was not as good as before.  The tuna for the hot & spicy tuna roll and the "lollipop" was so over diced that it was actually mushy.  When we brought this to the attention of our server he just made a scowl said sorry and took the still full of food plate.  No discount, no formal manager apology, nothing but the bill dropped off as he dashed on by.
5	I have been to all the RA's in the Valley and this one has been the best by far!!! Went with a friend on Friday night for happy hour, had amazing sushi and drink specials and ended up staying way past happy hour was over because we had the BEST waiter ever!! Our Waiter Shad made our experience at RA so much fun and the service he provided has been some of the best I have experienced in the Valley!! If you go to RA, ask for Shad, you won't be disapointed!!!
3	Pretty good "American sushi" and cheap happy hour drinks. I would never pay full price for this sushi though.
5	We seriously LOVE this place.  We'll pick this place almost over any other restaraunt in the valley.  For one the suishi is excellent and prices are amazing! Suishi is better than Kona Grill and price is way better! Gotta try the raw quail eggs!  Music is a bit loud FYI
3	Good place to go grab some not so expensive sushi.  Service is usually extremely spotty though and the sushi takes forever.  At least it is somewhat fresh.I can't remember the names of the sushis and sashimis and suzukis and spimonis I have eaten there.  But they are usually tasty.  Biggest downfall of this place is the terrible DJ music dance club crap that is playing way way too loud every time I have been there.  Near impossible to even hear the person next to you.Solid 3 stars
2	I have been to this location a couple of times now and it is just not that good. The sushi is pretty expensive and twice I have receive pieces that didn't look quite right. I never eat "ify" sushi. The rainbow roll was pretty good but the sashimi was questionable. The Miso is awesome and so are soy beans. Over all the service is always pretty good, however I did have one crappy waitress. She was rude and slightly condescending. I was not dressed to impress.... had a impromptu lunch date with a girlfriend and apparently I did not belong there. FYI I'm not ugly or a slob, but my hair was in a pony tail and I wasn't wearing makeup! So shoot me! Point is, she was rude and I didn't feel welcome. The hostess was very nice though. I think I am going to avoid this Ra location from now on.
4	I have been to RA a handful of times for happy hour, and was always annoyed by the loud music and crowd.  However, this time I went here for happy hour as a first stop for a Bachelorette party and I had a great time. The upbeat social atmosphere was great for getting the night started. The group ordered a ton of appetizers and rolls, and even a drink each, and we walked out at about $30 a piece. The elderberry mixed drink was especially good.Normally, I do not pick this place for sushi happy hour because I don't like their quality of sushi and like quieter placed to relax with a friend or two. But if your going for a fun group atmosphere, this place is perfect. But only during happy hour, otherwise it is definitely not worth the price.
4	RA is great...we really only go for happy hour but the menu suits us just fine. We enjoy the cream cheese/pineapple wontons and the veggie rolls!
4	I love RA's happy hour! Great rolls and appetizers for half price, perfect time to try something new. You won't be disappointed.
4	I'm still breaking in my sushi palate, but I'll still review the place as I see it. Happy hour specials make my addiction to their tempura shrimp a little easier on the wallet! Service can be a little slow and music a little loud, not just during peak hours either. Other than that, the food is delicious! So far I've only tasted the California roll.. Once I broaden my horizons, I'll update my review. Mmm...
3	Happy hour with my really, really girlfriend. Shiso Naughty but I'm so good :) I decided to go outside my realm and try a Samurai Cowby. After one, I needed a good ride out of there!Happy hour specials are really decent for your money's worth (STAR). It starts early (STAR) and has a good selection of sushi, apps and tapas to choose from (prices $2-$7). Get bang for your buck here, yelpers!Service was okay but borderline mediocre. I guess since they have cheap happy hour, they figure cheap tips are in order. Quelle dommage. I tip well for empty plates being cleared and a consistent glass full of alcohol people :) They've got a great patio for those months when Arizona is known for its wonderful weather. However, the freeway noise can drowned out conversation as its proximity is mere steps from an exit ramp (THUS THE LACK OF ADDITIONAL STARS).
4	Great place to have sushi and there other great menu items.   I go here at least once a month.   A litte pricey but the qualify and preparation of the food more than offsets the price.    Great place to meet friends and enjoy the atmosphere.    The waite staff is very good.      Highly recommend you try RA.     I believe you will enjoy the experience.
4	Ok. First of all I like sushi. I learned to make sushi from a sushi chef while living in Japan. I'm picky about sushi.  Love this restaurant.  As you may know, I rate food based on how close it is to a Raw vegan diet. That said, #Ra is raw, the food is fresh. There is very little that is unhealthy, so they get a 4 star from me for healthy fresh food! Love this place!
5	Classic Sushi . Gotta love it .Staff very nice and helpfull  . Easy to make friends .
4	Happy Hour!! Great time to bring the kids too. Also mojitos are good too!
2	This is average food with a hip atmosphere.
2	Love it here, Matt is awesome!!! But CSI on the TV's for 2 hours? Really? Open your eyes managers!!!!!
2	Borderline average sushi.  This is a place to see and be seen, but not a serious sushi destination.  Ra is for the status conscious, and I don't quite understand why as it is not particularly trendy, fancy or special.
3	Better than average sushi. Vegas roll is excellent. I highly recommend going during happy hour if you want reasonable prices.
2	First off, i live and die for sushi! i love it! i try different sushi places all the time! But RA falls short in my eyes! I do not feel like there is anything special with RA, it was just in the middle for me! it wasn't good! And it wasn't bad! it was just whatever! However the service when we went was awful! We went during the happy hour on a Monday night and it was packed! It took about an hour to get our food! An another 20 minutes to get our Check after we had already given our server our credit card! It was just too slow and my drink did not get refilled one time! After that last experience i am not sure if i will ever go back!
4	I am addicted to the miso hot soup with shrimp!!! So glad I gave this place another try.
3	OVER PRICED AMERICANIZED SUSHI!My boyfriend and I went here for dinner the other night and ordered an appetizer, 3 roles, and no drinks, our bill was $50.  Seems a little crazy to me.  The service was good and staff was friendly, but that can't make up for your tiny portions and over priced menu items.  Our $8 appetizer consisted of 4 wontons!?Overall the food was good, and would recommend if you're not afraid of spending more than you should.
1	Okay, I thought AJ's fine foods was a rip-off for sushi, but NO SIR! I forked over $13 for a rainbow roll to go at this place! (This was a to-go order) When they gave me my cash back, they did not even give me my left over change! I though 'For a freakin $13, this better be a good roll!' NOPE! It was the skimpiest roll I've ever seen! Was in a hurry, took off and ate it. Wasn't a good roll and the 'crab mix' was just smothered in lemon juice! It just tasted like lemon! Later I knew why, I GOT MEDUIM-MILD FOOD POISONING FROM THIS!! I've eaten around a few hundred rolls since I was a kid and this is the first food poisoning I've ever had! RIP OFF, SKIMPY AND LOW-QUALITY SUSHI, FOOD POISONING, what should this tell you?
4	We have eaten at least a dozen times at Ra's and despite the trendy decor and atmosphere, really enjoy their sushi and sushi roll combinations. My preference is eating at the bar, but dining room service is fine. The spicy tuna roll and hamachi yellowtail tuna sushi are my favorites. Service is prompt and friendly and the bartenders do an exceptional job of mixing from an extensive custom drinks menu. Several special "martini" drinks are a joy to sip and the music sets a fun, upscale and sexy tone for this restaurant-bar combo.
3	Definitely come during happy hour or this place can be very pricy. I went with some friends to catch up for dinner. I ordered everything off the happy hour menu.  I had the edamame which were a little salty.  Next time I get them Ill probably tell them to salt it less.  I also had the Tuna Tataki. It was thinly sliced tune in this sauce with a little salad in the middles. I really liked it.  I also had the Crispy Spicy Tuna Roll.  This was nothing what I thought it would be.  It was spicy tuna on top of a crispy rice ball.  It was very good though.  I also had the Dengaku tofu.  You have to try and eat these first because they come crispy and if you let it sit they will be soggy.  The sauce they are sitting in is pretty good but the other sauce that is on top is odd. I didn't really like it.I really enjoyed this place and glad I came during happy hour.  I would not come when it isn't happy hour.  It would be too expensive.
3	I virally enjoy going to RA, but I must admit I was disappointed in this particular RA. Service was slow, friendly but slow.  Food was good, definitely not a place to go off happy hour, we didn't realize it until we got our bill. I will stick to my regular RA and definitely at happy hour!
2	So, I ordered the Pineapple Cheese Wontons & the  Pork Gyoza. Let me first say this We this location first opened up I can once or twice a week for over a year at least and the food was great the food has gone down hill, I Went to the location in Ahwatukee last week the food was great so not sure what they're doing at the location in mesa. Because the last few times I been here have been bad
3	First time I have eaten here. Seemed like the waitress was a bit scrabbled. There was five people on a four person table so two people had to sit very close. The service was all over the place. We all got our meal 10 mins apart. Drinks were not filled until we asked for then. We asked for more silverware more happy hour menu more soy sauce more plates... Just begging and begging. The food was good but the service was lacking a lot.
4	I went to Ra sushi Restaurant around 2.00pm that atmosphere was nice maybe a little loud for the time of day it was but not bad. The host was very inviting and even went over the menu with us briefly. The server was fast and attentive to our need our food came out at a reasonable time, and was very good. I ordered their chicken teriyaki lunch special. All around the experience was great the price was low i will be going back
3	I ONLY GET SUSHI HERE!Never tried anything else.My expierence have been okay. Sometimes I'll get a good waiter/waitress So its kinda a hit or miss on good quality service. The sushi that is made here is delicious. I recommend going during happy hour. Not worth the prices other than that.
2	Sushi was not anything special.  Viva Las Vegas roll and Rainbow roll seemed skimpy.  Wings were soggy.  Happy Hour Drinks pricing was good, frozen drink of the day was very good.  Next time out for sushi will choose another place.
4	It's good sushi. The first place we had sushi a year and a half ago. And still one of our top favs. Kind loud, it's a rock n roll sushi bar, duh. Eat outside if you plan on talking our get cozy with your friends.
3	This was my first time here! I enjoyed myself and the happy hour prices are very good!
3	The sushi was pretty decent here and we tried multiple different rolls that they had. The Hot Miso Soup is definitely different and I think next time we will stick with the regular Miso Soup. The SeaWeed Salad was great and fairly good sized. The only issue we had with this place and why I gave it such a low star rating is how loud the music is. I read that it was loud in there on other reviews, but people really aren't kidding. My wife and I were sitting right next to one another and still felt we had to yell to speak to one another. If you are looking for a nicer, quiter setting then I would go with Stingray Sushi in Scottsdale.
2	Not impressed with this RA.  I have eaten many times at the RA downtown San Diego and a few times in Scottsdale.  This location I have tried 3 times.  The rolls are good but pricy. The last time i was there the roll was super fishy smelling and not good.  Today I had a bento box lunch special and the chicken teriyaki was so freezer burned and dry it was practically un-edible.  I had two pieces and quit.  The rest of the box wasn't fresh.  The salad was rusted and bruised and the potsticker was old and dried out.  I give them a solid "F" on this box.  Atmosphere is nice, the service is good and attentive.  Overall, for the price, I will go someplace else.
3	Sushi was good, however, the waitstaff spent most of the the time gossiping and doing hair.  Service was ok, but hostess was patronizing and not happy to be in the service industry.
1	RA is normally pretty good but damn this place is a terrible.. Sushi is dry and over cooked. It seems like it was prep the day before and depending what you order they throw it on top...never coming back. Service is good on the upside
4	Happy hour Sushi and drinks can't be beat.Good selection of bottled beer including my favorite, IPA's.Staff friendly and attentive with a nice atmosphere.Good alternative to driving Tempe/Scottsdale to get your sushi fix
5	This is our spot! Sit at the bar, get good company, good drinks and a great happy hour.
4	Always good for reverse Happy Hour, good prices and good atmosphere. I usually get the Zonie Roll and Las Vegas rolls.
2	Disappointed to have my temp license turned down from Utah. I even brought my expired DL as backup, but apparently this place has a policy of not accepting out of state IDs. Guess I won't be celebrating my birthday here ever again.
2	We only go here for occasions And that's once in a blue moon. The music is so loud you can't even hear or talk to anyone. And the sushi rolls are highly over priced for how small they are. It's also not often that you will get a good server that comes back to your table quickly. Sometimes we had to hunt someone down just to get another drink. The sushi also takes almost 45 minutes to get to your table, every time.
5	Service was great, and on top of that the hot mess I ordered was a must have! As for the sushi the rolls were a nice size & not too full of sauce I had the Vegas & we also had the tempura calamari, however I wasn't a huge fan of it even though it was delicious just wasn't my favorite! Oh it's always a plus to be seated fast at a sushi place it was a very pleasant left me wanting to come again soon experience!
5	I stopped by for some sushi before a meeting and this place looks great! Say at the sushi bar and they have very friendly chefs. Requested lite rice on a rainbow roll and it came out perfectly! Will definitely be back for more soon!
2	Good sushi and happy hour.  Horrible service.  We might as well be waiting our own table.  :/
5	Happy Father's Day!  I got to pick today (it is always a joint decision anyway ;-) and selected this location because it was close to a theatre we were going to.  Upon entering, the first thing you notice is the striking multiple red globes hanging from the ceiling--a very modernistically decorated and beautiful surprise in a restaurant that is part of a strip mall (although a very classy strip mall.)  Our server Chris was young and attentive, and made a few recommendations for us.  We both ordered a starter for a change.  My wife got the edamame wontons (I looked up the correct pronunciation, as a former Japanese language student, and FYI it is ed-AH-mah-may, accent on the second syllable--not ed-ah-MAH-may as Chris and others have prounounced.)  These were five fried won tons wrapped around a mixture of edamame beans, cheese and onions, and they were very different and we were glad we tried them.  I ordered the lobster spring rolls as a huge lobster fan, and there were four of these and they were very tasty as well.  For our entrees we shared the king crab roll, which was very fresh and delicious, and the lobster shrimp roll, which was also very good.  Both were accompanied by a wasabi sauce but I was disappointed that there was not a lot of heat to it.  They were two of the more expensive items on the menu, but the price justified the content.  The meal was made perfect with each of us having a 22 oz. Kirin Ichiban beer to wash it all down.  Manager Mike came by and even offered us free ice cream (reason for the fifth star!), but we were just too stuffed and needed to get to our matinee.  This is a good choice for a rather upscale sushi experience.
4	Food is 5 stars. The food is amazing and they have a pretty decent happy hour selection. The service is hit or miss. Find a good server and then request them. It's great when they're working but a crap shoot if they're not. If they could improve the service to be consistently decent (not even asking for good) and turn down the music volume then this would be a 5.
2	I think this place needs a dance floor. It is in a nice area, nice shopping center, and it is a very nice looking restaurant. You would think the atmosphere would cater to the typical patron for the neighborhood. However, I felt like I should have been ready for a night out at the club. The music is loud, thumping and just not what I want to hear when trying to enjoy my meal. I have only been to this location 3 times in the last 5 years because of this and the quality of the food.The sushi is average, not great or noteworthy. I can eat it if someone really wants to dine here, but it is not my first choice. I haven't tried the sashimi, but to be honest, I won't if I think their sushi is mediocre. Most of the time it takes a while to get my sushi and it comes a little more towards room-temperature than I like. It should be chilled.The service is average as well. You have to yell at your server because the music is loud. Last time I visited was a couple of weeks ago for a birthday. There was 7 of us. One of them ordered a California roll and it was the last thing served. By last thing, I mean the rest of us were almost halfway done with our meals by the time he received his roll. This should have been first out considering the basic prep for this roll.I honestly don't know how this place stays in business. If you see the same complaints from a large number of (former) patrons, why not change the way you do business? If you have a slew of complaints about the music, turn it down! It's a restaurant, not a club. I don't dine here unless I am with someone who chose it and is adamant about it.
3	I came here a few days ago and I can say the food was just "okay." We ordered around happy hour and the sushi we ordered was a bit saucy and seasoned since I could barely taste the fish. I'm from California so I tasted more fresh sushi there compared to here.The service was just way too slow as well. We tried calling our waitress a few times and she never gave us our attention because of the super loud music. But I'm not gonna be mean and give this place a one star because the decor of the restaurant and environment did uplift my experience here more a bit!
3	My wife and I went to Ra Sushi today.   The sushi was okay.  They are standard.  Usually my wife and I do not go to chain restaurants.  The one dish that we both liked was the Tuna Tataki.  Please turn down the music!!  This is the reason that my wife and I asked to sit outside.  The music was simply too loud.
4	Love this place!!  Fast service, good music.  Just wish the prices were a little better/cheaper.
2	Totally redid their menu and now the prices really are outrageous. Decent sushi that used to be worth it during happy hour until they raised their prices. I tried using a coupon the last time I went and the waitress overcharged me by $18 saying it was just how the computer system worked with the coupons. She took 10 minutes to "fix" it, and still overcharged me by $14 and some change. Not impressed. If the coupons aren't going to work with your system, then don't send them out.
5	I think I've been here over 15 times and I absolutely love it, made it a tradition to go get sushi from RA when we want to get sushi, haha the service is excellent, the servers are always smiling and happy to see us when we walk in. I usually go in for happy hour sushi since it's very cheap and tasty, I love the calamari, Vegas, and rainbow rolls, I highly recommend this location if you want to have a relaxing sushi date with a friend or anyone.
5	Back again and once again Heidi takes total control of the situation. Drinks on point, food flying in. Seriously, this place would suck if it weren't for people like her. Great staff brings return customers which bring great reviews. Keep up the good work...
