2	Interior contemporary remodel with nostalgic Pizza Hit windows. This is what the neighborhood waited, waited, and waited for. Hmm.Bring your charge card folks. Your favorite sushi bar may not easily not be toppled as pricey rolls, sashimi and drinks await you. Market price is 22% above your new payroll tax, pun intended.Fish was fresh and lollipop roll was fun. Friendly service. Water carafe on the table for the self-refills available. Unusual wet rock glass for the saki is served. Bathrooms need work. Employees may wish to leave towels outside when walking thru.
5	This place is phenomenal. A sushi restaturant with average food would do well here just because of the killer location, but fortunately this SB nails it with a cool vibe, great music, a really cool bar....and AMAZING rolls. Try the Lollipop and the Hot Lips.
5	I have been waiting so long for this place to open up! I'm glad that the wait is over and it was not a let down! I love their lunch menu you can get a bento box for about 8 to 15 bucks. The 15 dollar one includes a specialty roll, cucumber salad, miso, rice, and wok veggies. So much for for such a good price! I got the cowboy roll, spicy tuna inside and tuna and spicy sauce on the top-----soo good! I'm a huge tuna lover! I cant wait to eat here more now that's its open!
2	seriously!? they kept the 70's Pizza Hut vibe with the exterior building/windows etc!?  Yes Arcadia has been waiting for a sushi place since Zen left the hood, but at least spend a few bucks on some MUCH NEEDED curb appeal, they didn't even do any landscaping either.  I'm embarrassed to drive up to the place with a friend/signifigant other etc.  PLEASE do something about this ASAP!!
2	A definite meh. We live nearby and had been excited for them to open, but gave them some time to shake of the New Place Bugs. I guess they need a lot longer.The staff was friendly, but didn't seem to know what was going on. Nearly every question resulted in a run to the kitchen to ask, and then we had to flag them down again to get the answer.Lots of options, especially if you're a fan of sushi rolls. They seem to really like tempura, as we went six rolls in a row asking "What's that one?" and finding out it had fried shrimp in it. Does anything scream tasty raw fish like rampant deep frying?Food came fairly quickly, and tasted okay, but then we had two more bouts of misheard requests from our server and it had passed from silly to annoying by that point. We had one regular roll, one mid-range roll from their list, and one of their top end rolls. I'm trying to recall the exact names, but I can't, which I guess tells you how memorable they were.And I have no idea why the place still looks like a Pizza Hut. Just not the kind of place I want to relax in and enjoy some sushi.Not horrible, just not that special. I'd almost prefer a chain like Ra over them. If you really want great sushi, look elsewhere.
2	I dont get it.  This place has average sushi at extraordinary pricing.  I guess if you go for the "ambiance" or something like that, then its a fine place.  The sushi is fine and tasty, but I much prefer Benihana sushi - especially for happy hour which is about 1/3 the price of this place's happy hour.  I will admit its a cool place to be, a place to be seen, its packed with good looking people, etc...but if you are going for the food - look elsewhere to get your sushi fix.
3	Serviceable sushi and decent cooked food at prices a little beyond what you would expect, all served in a rebuilt 1980's Pizza Hut. I've been three times in the weeks that they've been open and have brought a hopeful attitude each time. And each time I've received pretty good service (forgiving the newly-open-restaurant learning curve), but have been a little let down when I receive the food. Sushi is pretty standard, but about 25% more in price then you would pay at other, more creative independent operations. Most of the rolls contain cooked fish rather than raw, and there's nothing too exotic on the menu...kind of a beginner's sushi place. Cooked food was pretty good, pan-asian (in the same way that PF Changs is "pan asian") but nothing particularly stands out. Atmosphere is kind of the problem...it is a little loud and tries to be clubby, despite the aforementioned 1980s Pizza Hut  rebuild. Also they only serve the big, 22 oz Japanese beers, so if you want a beer, youd better want two beers. Definitely not kid friendly...no boosters or high chairs, no kid menu the one time we did bring our little one. All in all a decent option in the neighborhood, but if you are looking for something authentic or creative, move on to the better, lower key options in town like Hana, Hiro, or Yasu.
5	I lived in Arizona all my life and went to Sushi Brokers at least twice a month!! My very favorite rolls are the Damn Good and Cowboy. The best happy hour for sushi I found with a lot of rolls on it... After moving to VA last May, I find I head there first whenever I visit!!!
2	Found the sushi to be very overpriced compared to other places in the area like Stingray or RA. Service was Ok, but you didnt get a warm feel from servers. The sushi itself was fine, but took a long time to prepare, and they def seem to love their tempora and specialty rolls. The prices themselves just are not worth the experience, and I would not go back again
4	I've been for lunch Bento Boxes and rolls twice now.  I'll be back!  It's nice to have another option in the 'hood.  I like Stingray better but Sushi Brokers will certainly be in the rotation.  The veggies on the Bento Boxes is a nice treat.  I like that the rolls are topped with more fish or shrimp in addition to what's inside.  I've had the Hawaiian and the Surfer.  Hopefully there will be another Deal Chicken or Living Social for it soon!
2	Happy hour: started with the Volcano Chicken appetizer. Basically, small bits of chicken in a buffalo wing sauce and a scoop of rice and a useless garnish. Not impressive at all. Glass of Pinot Noir for only $4, great deal. Next, Sashimi: we tried 4 different types of fish, 3 of the 4 tasted the same, as if the fish was either previously frozen or very low grade. Also, their "sushi chefs" need some more training in knife skills as the yellowtail had a couple of "bits." And the fish portions were all inconsistent with slices of all different widths and lengths and were not very cold. For the same price of a plate of sashimi, I'll stick with my benchmark: Hiro in Scottsdale with Japanese chefs and the highest quality fish. Service was very good, except for our place setting missing soy sauce dishes that we had to nick from another table.
2	Not impressed.  It's nice to have a sushi spot in the neighborhood but the customer service and decor of this place could use some help.  Also, the phone number listed is wrong.  The first time I stopped in it happened to be their "grand opening" even though it had been open a couple of weeks already.  The manager apologized because it was over a two hour wait and said to call ahead the next day and that she'd make sure we had a table.  Well, it would've helped if she had told us the telephone number listed on yelp and on their website is wrong!!  We went in the next day anyways hoping she'd stick to what she had said.  And did she even acknowledge us?? NO.  We were still seated after only about ten minutes.  The sushi is pretty good.  I also had the salmon teriyaki, which was very salty, but the side of veggies it comes with was pretty good.  Overall it's nice to have a sushi spot in this neighborhood and the happy hour specials are good, but for a regular dinner or meal go somewhere else.
3	Wife and I dined last night.  Server was horrible.. saved only by the outstanding sushi chefs.  Had they not been as attentive, available, and enthusiastic as they were I would have left 2 stars.The  food:  Outlaw Roll: Horrible. tastes like cardboard.GOOD:Jalepeno Tail:  AWESOME!!! no rice on this one., fresh fish (forgot what exactly and I don't see it on the online menu), layered over fesh avacado,  pickled jalepeno and more.  SURPRISINGLY good.  I would come back for this and I consider myself a sushi snob.Hamachi Kama FREAKING AWESOME!!!   Baked Hamachi Collar.  Well seasoned, nice garnish of roe atop. Large portion. FREAKING AWESOME and an great value.  I suggest a side of rice with this one. I'll be back for this one too.My first visit at Sushi Brokers Scottsdale years ago was less than pleasing.  I would return for the two dishes above for sure. Bad:Service: As mentioned our server two thumbs down. After taking my wifes drink order he disappeared.   Dropped off the glass of wine 10 minutes later and was gone again.  I had to put the order in with the sushi chefs otherwise it would have been another 10 minutes till he reappeared.  I had to wave him down behind the counter to order a beer.  Only showed up again once we were done.   I would've tipped him 5% but I don;t think two wrongs make a right si I left the standard 20%.   I tipped the Sushi Chefs 20$, had they not been so attentive our experience would have been intolerable.  So that's a 50% tip total out of fairness.    Our server spent way too much time behind the counter lollygagging, looking confused with nothing to do. We could have spent a lot more..How: .Had he asked about the Jalepeno Tail and listened to our delight he would have had a window to suggest another dish.   Had he come by sooner and noticed my wifes glass of wine empty we would have ordered another one.. seems reasonable considering I had a Huge bottle of Orion in front of me.. I ended up sharing it with my wife at the end.  Common sense serving goes a long way.. not only does it make a better experience but makes more $ for both the servers and the house.  Our bill was 53$ PRIOR to the extra 30$ combined tip.  We could have easily spent twice that had he taken initiative and been somewhat attentive.One more suggestion: Management:  That mirror in th elongated middle corner behind the Sushi station, it reflects into the area ABOVE the station.  Since exposed tot eh diners it would be a good idea to at least have it functionally organized or fill it up and merchandise it so at least it looks esthetically pleasing.
3	I was excited that there's a new sushi joint in the neighborhood, and took advantage of the Deal Chicken that was being offered. We decided to sit at the sushi bar for dinner. Service was a little weird, they had one guy that seated us from behind the bar, who then took our order for sushi, but we also wanted hot food, so we had to call him over again. He seemed a little slammed as he was doing this for everyone else too, usually servers come behind the bar to take your drink/hot food order. I've eaten at sushi bars many times, but the process here seemed a little confusing. We order the calamari, it was cooked pretty well and came with a spicy buffalo type sauce - not bad. We also ordered salmon skin, yellow tail nigiri, and the pineapple roll. The nigiri didn't seem as fresh as I would've like it, however the pineapple roll was pretty awesome, a great mix of flavor with fresh fruit. Price was $48 before the Deal Chicken. I know I can go to Hana and get the same thing for $30 and it taste much fresher, and the service is better. So I would probably only return with a Deal Chicken.
3	Overpriced, & stingy on the fish. No lunch specials. I'm going back to Sakana, which has STELLAR lunch deals.
2	My friend and I were excited to find a sushi restaurant close to our work - so we went there to have lunch the other day. We both ordered sushi lunch - about $11 or so - comes with miso soup, tiny salad, 3 pcs of nigiri and California roll. We don't like California roll so we asked the server if we could get tuna roll instead with additional $. First of all, the server did not tell us how much the additional cost for the substitute, then they just added the cost of an order of tuna nigiri ($6.50) for two lunches. I think it's a bit too expensive from California roll to tuna roll substitution ($3.25 each up). We could have just kept the original California roll and order the tuna nigiri additionally for the same price. Each of us ended up paying over $17 for soup, tiny salad, 3 pcs of nigiri and tuna roll with tip. We didn't even get full. Food was ok but ... just OVERPRICED! The atmosphere was good but ... It was my first and last time there.
2	Went there last night with my guy pal, armed with a Deal Chicken.  The place was packed and lots of fun energy abounds.  I ordered the salmon roe sushi and salmon roll.  He ordered teriyaki salmon with veggies and white rice.  The teriyaki sauce is good.  I'm glad to report it doesn't taste like that whatever that awful stuff is that comes out of a bottle like another Japanese restaurant I've been to, which happens to be trendy and expensive.  He isn't JA and likes his fish cooked.   Alas, it was cooked on the outside, but not on the inside.  YIKES!   We called over the server, Rachael, and she was most apologetic and asked if he wanted to have the same fish cooked more or a complete new meal.  My guy said, "Whatever is easier."  (He surely didn't want to upset the chef!)  Well, they brought out a complete new dinner.  Nice!  Unfortunately, this time it was a little bit too cooked, which could be that the chef wanted to make sure it was cooked, which my guy appreciated.  Back to my sushi, the salmon roe smelled and tasted a bit too fishy.  Those who know what salmon roe tastes like know what I mean.  Yes, it is fish eggs and it is supposed to be fishy, but it's like fish that is heading towards the end of its edible life.  The salmon roll was good.  I'm not real big on those type of rolls.  Me, I like the seafood plain and plopped on a bite-size bit of rice and wrapped in nori.  That's my way of eating sushi.   To make up for the teriyaki and its uncooked condition, the restaurant was kind enough to give us pears with ice cream and whipped cream, topped with a flavorful sauce.  YUMMMM!!   That was fabulously wonderful.  I'm glad I didn't order a lot to eat! Getting back to our server, Rachel -- Notice I spelled it two different ways since I don't know how she spells her name? -- she was very professional and friendly   When I go back, I hope she is our server again.  She's extremely gracious.I would go back.  The next time I go, though, I would try the tuna sushi -- no not the rolls; remember, that's not my favorite way of eating sushi -- try the salmon roe sushi again, and whatever else strikes my fancy.
1	Where do I begin..what a nightmare. We were so excited to see this new sushi place join the neighborhood. We showed up on a Friday evening about 6 and made happy hour. We ordered from our server, Tia shortly after being seated and quickly received our edemame and the nigiri followed pretty quickly after that. So far so good right? Here it comes. As we are eating our nigiri our server asks if we are all done. Not really, since we ordered 3 rolls and haven't had them yet. She asked us what they were, even though she immediately tells us she rang them in but was just wondering. Hmmm.. About 15 minutes later 2 rolls show up. Having never been there before, I asked which rolls these were. The woman looked at me like I was crazy and goes into this long speech about how this roll looks just like another roll and everything is served family style and these both have tempura- she was just spinning out of control.  All I wanted to know is what was landing on the table. She asked if we wanted anything else and I said we have 1 more roll coming, correct? At which point she ROLLS HER EYES at me and goes into the family style speech again. It felt like the twilight zone. All she needed to say is it wasn't quite ready yet. A few minutes later, before the 3rd roll came, Tia, or server asks if we are done. No Tia, we still have another roll coming. Are you smoking pot, Tia? Finally, it arrives. It was the best of the 3 rolls, although I have no idea which one it was as nobody that works there could identify them. The other bummer was we sat with empty wine/ beer and water glasses since about the time the 2rolls showed up. The icing on this very jacked up cake is at the end when we wanted to run screaming from this place the food runner comes back to the table and identifies herself as the manager..she wants to buy us dessert. No thanks. I have a bottle of water in the car that I need because I am now parched.  Knowing this woman manages anything is crazy to me. I have worked in restaurants for nearly 20 years. Including sushi restaurants, I understand how sushi comes out. The eye rolling is unacceptable and nasty condescending tone is unacceptable for any restaurant employee.Will never return even if I am not paying.Never ever again. Ever.
5	Hands Down best sushi ever.  They have a variety of different types of rolls, the 'Damn Good' and 'Chimichanga' rolls are my favorites.  reasonably priced happy hour - I do have to say its more expensive then RA or Stingray but you can't even begin to compare the quality of the food and drinks to these two places.  Every time I visit the service is amazing and the staff is pleasant.Place is typically busy but I have always been seated and waited on within minutes.
4	We have been to the other location in North Scottsdale, but this one is closer to home.  We got here kinda of late around 8pm but the place still had people in there eating.  The look and atmosphere is a little different then the place up North.  This feels a little more like a bar then a restaurant but the Sushi bar is large and prominent in the space so that is what give it that feeling.We order the chef's special sushimi and sushi plate.  The fish tasted really fresh and there was a nice assortment of fish.  We also ordered several rolls most of which we had eaten or tried before.  We didn't get a bad piece of fish on any thing we ate.The only reason I'm giving this 4 stars instead of 5 was because I think there was only 1 waitress in the restaurant working all the tables and she was busy!  It would have been nice had she been a little more attentive  to our needs.  I would definitely go back here again.
5	Went for happy hour and was impressed by the great choice of discounted rolls. Tried the chimichunga, tootsie, asparagus, california, and the damn good. First off the "Damn Good" was money! The "Chimichunga" was a close 2nd for me and the tootsie was outstanding as well! They also had discounted drinks and i had a kirin light with sake. boring i know, Michelle had the Blood Orange Margarita and she thought it was Super smooth and went down too easily. "It could be a lot of trouble" was her exact quote. The staff was also quite good and attentive. The food arrived with no problems even though the restaurant was quite busy. The bartender was very friendly and was able to carry on a conversation while still making drinks. Plus she reminded me of Megan Fox, so thats a plus! They also have a reverse happy hour so you can get your sushi on, later if thats what you are looking for.
3	According to our server, Sushi Brokers is "a sushi place for people who don't like sushi."So is that a good sign or a big, red flag? How you answer is probably a good indication of how much you'll like this place.The fish is fresh, however purists beware - a lot of it is smoked or cooked, and the vast majority of the rolls include 'krab.' After taking a seat at the bar it was a waiting game for drinks, refills, our bill, etc. though our chef - Eddie - definitely knew what he was doing.It's a good atmosphere but, as other reviewers have stated, on the pricey side. Dinner for 2, with 2 bombers, over $100, plus tip.In the end we were full, but also reminded how much we miss Zen32.
2	Meh.
3	Dined there again about a week ago.  Almost identical experience as last time.   Sat at the bar with my wife and ordered the same thing.  Server disappeared to the kitchen.  When food arrived we were short a side of rice  & bomber & glass empty.  Started eating... several minutes later my wife flags down the hostess.  The hostess ended up doing most of the work,  brought my the side of rice, found the server, asked him to grab us our beer.  If it wasn't for my wife's persuasion I wouldn't have ordered the extra drinks our of frustration.  From a business stand point the servers are killing the business.  This place needs a front of the house Manager with PRESENCE.  Servers need to to be involved and alert.  I'm sure extra sales are being missed.Kudos to our hostess which "saved" the day.  I believe her name was "Tia".  She seemed to be picking up the slack all over the place. Once again over tipped by tipping out the hostess (more than the server).Food.. jalepeno tail was great and the hamachi collar slightly burnt.
5	I have recently fallen in love with sushi and everything to do with it. Great company, great atmosphere and great choices on the menu. Sushi Brokers has it all. The service was great, the food was even better and the atmosphere was very comfortable. So glad to have this wonderful escape right around the corner from me!
3	I come here a lot... And I like it... BUT..... When the 22 oz sake bomb is gone before you get any sushi... There is a problem. Add on the fact that its $16 bucks per roll. #sushibrokers #failboat
4	Went here with my parents during happy hour last Sunday. It is a nice place, with comfy booths. Big bar as well. The happy hour selection was great, however, most of the options had something spicy involved- spicy tuna, spicy sauce, etc. I loved that, but my mom can't tolerate most spicy foods so we were a bit limited on our selections. The rest of the menu was great, plenty of options for the non-sushi goer. My dad actually got the sushi burger which has no fish in it at all. They also offered some standard dishes like beef and broccoli and teriyaki chicken. The happy hour prices were good for sushi and the entrees were reasonably priced. Did not take advantage of any drinks on this visit, but hope to do so in the future.
4	Believe it or not, first SB experience.  Pretty darn good. We even mixed it up and went away from the usual rice laden rolls and did a sushi salad which was amazing. We also had the lollipop roll wrapped in cucumber - super clean, healthy and tasty too.  In fact I'm gonna ask Chipotle to wrap my next burrito in cucumber. Lettuce wraps were solid but nothing new. Overall great food. As for the vibe and such, it was pretty loud with the music.. kind of like the RA style. The inside is a shiny black painted brick with white window blinds, so it's an unusual look.
4	Id heard that this location had opened, but that it was a nightmare to try and get into.Luckily, I went w/ a Dishcrawl group on a night when it seemed to not be busy at all.I was surprised that the decor was so generic. Ive been hearing about the one up in North Scottsdale and I just pictured it as being nicer. No matter. We grabbed a large booth and started to explore the menu.We ended up getting  Cali rolls, yellowtail rolls, Tootsie rolls (always my fave), and some sashimi. All of there sushi was wicked fresh. It really was delicious. I also tried one of their pomegranate cosmos. It was a bitttt to tart for my taste though. I wouldnt order it again.Overall we had a good meal here, though short. The staff was very nice and quick.Id definitely stop in again.
3	Great spot near our house and we biked over for the happy hour, but I wouldn't come back for a full meal. The prices for happy hour are perfect and it would definitely be fun to come back with a group and hang since the inside is small but chill but the food was just meh and I don't know if it really was the sushi or if I just wasn't feeling it. Born and raised on the east coast living a quarter mile away from the ocean and I'm eating sushi in the desert...We had the spicy tuna roll which wasn't too spicy and some other roll with crab, crunchies, eel sauce and some other stuff mixed in and that just tasted crunchy and bland. We had the crab rangoon and even that was eh. I don't mean to bash these guys too much since I know they are new and we really did enjoy being there, but as I said...in reality it might just be personal preference and that's ok too. I don't want to be here hurting anyone's feelings since food is just so personal.Our waitress was nice and cute as was the hostess so that was cool and made us want to come back again with a group to hang out. They also have reverse happy hour so it just sounds/feels like a good place to go towards the end of the night when you want a bite and a night cap.I want to give these guys another try and hopefully I can order something that's better but I know we will go again since its just a fun spot near our house.
3	The service was prompt and friendly without being at all pretentious.  That was nice.  Also the music isn't blaring in your ears which was also a nice change.We got the cowgirl (yellowfish awesomeness), shrimp tempura (pretty dang delicious), and the Alaskan (tastes like a dry tunafish filling in a roll...).  The calamari was also good - not too greasy, I liked the cabbage on the side to help cleanse the palate.  So with the exception of the Alaskan roll we thought the food was pretty straight.All in all, the rolls are delicious, but the prices even at happy hour are kinda higher than I would pay regularly.  So maybe a reserve for a special occasion kinda place?
4	Great Happy Hour! Went with a group of friends after work and had a great time. The food was defiantly the highlight of the evening. Everything was fresh and a great price. Great drinks also. The service was just OK. They were busy, but still no one seemed to go out of there way to be friendly or helpful. I'll definitely go back for Happy Hour.
5	Are you kidding me?! Best sushi in town! Try the cowboy roll or surfer roll.
4	must have more surfer and hot lip rolls!
1	Came here for lunch with co-workers. I almost cried when I got the bill because I was still hungry, but found myself forking over $15 for one roll. I tried the cowboy and the surfer (i think?). I'm pretty sure the surfer is the one with a bunch of crap splattered all over it. Apparently, it's really popular. I felt like I was eating soup! Good place to go for people who are new to sushi. My manager, who is afraid of sushi, liked what he had.
4	We don't have a lot of sushi options in Arcadia, so I was happy to see this restaurant arrived in our neighborhood.  I went the first week they opened and *hated* it.  Really, it was not a good experience, the place was not busy at all, but they were already out of Kirin Light, and they had no happy hour menu in place.  Went back last Friday night and fell in love with the place.  It was busy, there was an awesome happy hour menu to order from, and the specialty cocktails were great.  $2 off during happy hour!  Love their version of the Las Vegas roll, and will definitely go back for more happy hours in the future.... perfect price point.  Some people don't like the decor, but if you've lived in Arcadia for awhile, you know this building was a Pizza Hut years ago.  I think they've done a great job of turning the interior into a hip sushi joint.  Go and try it!
3	I was so excited for the long awaited Sushi Brokers to open in Arcadia.   I fully expected it would be my new local "go-to" sushi place, as it is just a few blocks from my office and from my home.    We've gone for lunch and have hit it up for evenings on several occasions.   Overall, the food is good and the service is quality.  The only qualm I have is on the price.  Very few lunch specials ($15 Bento box) so it's definitely not somewhere we can go frequently as it is definitely beyond my lunch budget.   They do have a good happy hour, but otherwise the prices are higher than other places around.  Nonetheless - the important part - FOOD!  The sushi seems very fresh and they have some great, creative rolls to try (Cowboy, Cowgirl).  Tootsie roll is always a favorite.  Spicy tuna roll is my favorite, and they definitely do this one very well - great flavor and just the right amount of heat!  The Bento box with sushi is a good and filling lunch option (with miso soup, veggies, an orange).  Tuna Tataki was a great choice.   The sashimi is good, but the portions are on the smaller side in comparison with other sushi places in the area. Food: 4 starsService: 4 starsPrice: 2 stars Overall:  3.5 starsWith that said, happy hour is definitely the time to go enjoy Sushi Brokers.   There is regular happy hour until about 6:30, I believe, and then a reverse happy hour that starts at 10 pm.  I just wish there were better lunch deals or locals had discount options - or even daily specials would be great.   Until then...expect Biltmore or North Scottsdale prices and plan accordingly.
4	Went here last night with my girlfriend for the first time. It was a nice cool night outside and was disappointed to hear there was no patio. The inside bar was really nice but the decor was half way decent, best part of Sunday was that they have happy hour all day! I had one of the best sushi rolls and is definitely better than RA's sushi. Staff was very nice as well.
4	Service was quick (I was the only person in there) I ordered the bento boxed lunch with a rainbow roll. I was pleasantly surprised to find it wasn't actually "boxed" for $15. The roll was smaller than rainbows I have had at other establishments, but good. I had plenty left over for a snack later on.
1	Very disappointing!!! Moving to Arcadia from North Scottsdale several years ago, we were thrilled to have a Sushi Brokers in the neighborhood.  After three separate attempts we've thrown in the towel, NEVER AGAIN!  The food is not up to par and the service is the worst I've honestly ever experienced.  Our last two attempts were to go orders, both orders were short rolls that we ordered and paid for, had to bring back someone else's order, zero training upfront, etc. I've asked every time to speak to a manager and on every occasion "sorry we don't have a manger working tonight" maybe that's part of the problem?  We've given up and from what our neighbors and friends are saying we're not the only ones! I'm guessing their Arcadia location will be available for rent or for sale shortly.  INEXCUSABLE! !!
5	Great fresh yellowtail and salmon. Generous portions inside both the Cowgirl and Philly roll. Great service and solid All Day Happy Hour menu on Sundays. Definitely coming back here.
3	Decent happy hour drinks but food items are not quite up to par. Too bad because it's a sexy place, just not a complete package.
5	Amazing experience! I love the way this joint is run; especially management, very accessible and understanding. Jaime is an amazing sushi chef, and Eddy is just as good and great people and conversationalists. 10 star rating for sure
5	Best sushi joint in Phoenix I've found so far. High quality, non-frozen fish, very original specialty rolls, extremely friendly and welcoming staff, excellent service. Divine happy hour. Sit at the sushi bar, make friends with the chef's (especiallu Eddie and Jaime) and if they like you, they'll toss a few free experimental dishes your way. Very pretty servers. Modern decor. Officially my new go-to. Hope this helps. Give it a shot!
4	Favor sushi spot. You must have volcano chicken, surfer, las Vegas, Philly, and my favor of all time "Damn good" the name says all and for drink mangotinny is pretty good. Advise go on happy hour 3 to 7 or 10 to close you will save your self a lot $$.
5	I love this place. Wish they were open longer especially during the week. But there reverse happy hour is what ive gone to and I love it. Great priced rolls and drinks! Haven't tried anything but the happy hour stuff and a dessert which was amazing ans everything i've had so far has been awesome! Love this place! This is my new local sushi spot
5	We cannot wait to go back again. Love the set up of the restaurant. Amazing happy hour prices. Our server was Emily, who was an absolute joy to be around and made sure we always had water. I let them know I was in a hurry (as usual). The food came out almost immediately and the sushi chef was friendly. The Tootsie roll was INCREDIBLE & the Vegas roll was delicious. I honestly could not ask for better service, atmosphere, food, and happy hour prices!
5	I took my wife and daughter there on a Wednesday night.  We have tried every Sushi place in town.  SB is a cut above the rest!!!
4	Went with the boyfriend this early evening. We went for Happy Hour. It's noisy, and busy, but the staff were plentiful and friendly. The HH menu of rolls and food was, of course, more limited than their standard menu, but still more varied than most sushi places during HH.  My boyfriend ordered his standard California Roll, and Philly Roll, both of which were decent sized, and only $4.50/ea.  I ordered the Las Vegas roll, which was $8.50, even during HH, which surprised me. Every other place I've been during regular hours the LV roll was around $9, so I didn't feel like I was getting much of a deal there. I like a lot going on with my sushi. Lots of texture, and complimentary flavors, which is why I usually order a tempura'd roll.  I was surprised to taste the Philly roll and find it really flavorful, with a bit of spice to it that I don't normally encounter. The LV roll was pretty standard for that roll.  Tasted good, but didn't knock my socks off or anything. But, since it's one of my "old faithful's", I'd order it again here, just not at the regular price (around $13 when it's not HH).  After that, we were still hungry, so we decided to order 2 more rolls. The Diamondback roll was new to me, and seriously yummy. Definitely a new favorite. HH price was $8.50.The other roll we ordered wasn't on the HH menu, and was $16.50(!), but it sounded interesting, and when I saw someone else's order of it, it looked amazing, so I splurged and tried it.  It's called the "Hot Lips" roll.  It's really spicy, with a lot going on. My boyfriend thought it was a "once in a while" roll only because of the spicy kick, but I didn't think it was too hot at all (but, I grew up here, so I'm used to spicier food).  The roll is sliced and laid flat on the plate, and all of the pieces are topped with a mix of krab, jalapeno, and spicy mayo.  AWESOME.  The staff was very friendly. We sat at the bar, so there was always a server around, and none of them hesitated to refill our water glasses when they saw us getting low. We got asked by at least 3 of the staff how our food was, and we just felt really taken care of. The cost for dinner for edamame, and 5 different rolls (we're water drinkers, so no drink charges) was only $48.  And, bear in mind, yes, it was happy hour, but one of the rolls we ordered was $16.50, so, we thought that was a very decent price for the quantity and quality of the food. The place was loud, between the music and the customers, so I wouldn't go if you're looking for a nice, quiet dinner, but for a fun night out with good food, I'd recommend it in a heartbeat.
3	high pricestrying too hard on rolls...mushy rice as well.techno music is not a great thing(opinion)
4	A trendy little spot in Arcadia. Sushi is amazing and has a great happy hour!
3	Oh man, where to start...Love the creative name, and service was friendly...that's about where the love ends.Onto da foodz - Some quick background, I recently moved back from the Bay Area so any time I venture to a sushi restaurant in Phoenix (which I endearingly refer to as 'Desert Sushi'), I approach with caution.We ordered four rolls, and all four of them had imitation krab in them. ALL FOUR. It was like I was eating the same roll over and over. We had held on to one of the menus in case we wanted to order more, so I inspected it quickly and took my tiny pencil and marked all their rolls with imitation krab listed in the name. It was at least 50%. In fact, one of the rolls that we ordered didn't have fake-crab-mixed-with-mayonnaise in the ingredients but it was still in our roll! We ordered a couple more and I confirmed with the waitress that these rolls did indeed NOT have krab mix. These were much better. All in all everything tasted 'fresh' just very bland.The cocktails were very sweet but not awful. Even though I think they deserve two stars, I am giving them three because I don't want to hurt local businesses, and also, many people who go here just wouldn't know better. Can't miss something you've never tried!
3	My girlfriend and I have been there twice in the past 60 days.  Once on a Tuesday evening and once on a Friday evening.  We sat at the sushi bar both times. First off, the food quality is great.  Good portions, creative menu.  Love the food.However, the service is just horrible.  During our last visit, the place was a little slow, but the server was spending most of her time talking to her BF sitting at the bar.  We had to ask for additional drinks, additional water etc.  We expect the server to ask "would you like another drink?"Even the manager was fairly busy chatting up the female wait staff.It's really a bummer because the food is great.
2	Friendly staff, clean place, but really slow!  Went for lunch and had to leave after waiting 40 minutes for food - it arrived as I was leaving/paying for my drink.  It looked good, but  they are slow.
5	Absolute #1 sushi in PhoenixI love this place.  I'm here at least once a month if not more.  Happy hour is reasonable.  You get high quality fish for what you are paying.  Rolls are different than your standard roll you find everywhere.  If you want something customized they will do it without any issues.For drinks the spicy suno mono is fantastic.
1	A place can have great decor, food, and location but if you can't get any service then what is the point in going?  This place lost my business because of the terrible service.  I left before I was able to try any dishes because the service was so poor.  I was very excited to try the happy hour that lasted until 6:30 but I sat at the bar for 10 minutes with no service.  I finally decided to leave and they could have cared less. There were at least 5 waitresses behind the bar but no one acknowledged me.  It was extremely poor customer service and I would never return.  So disappointing.  I hope the owners would be ashamed of their staff.
4	My boyfriend and I like coming here for happy hour sushi. They have happy hour everyday for 3-6 and reverse happy hour from 10pm-close.  First off, the restaurant has a cool, hip vibe with good music playing in the background. As for the food, the sushi is consistently good and fresh.  Our 2 favorite rolls are the "lollipop" roll and "surfer" roll which are both on the happy hour menu. The lollipop roll is a cucumber wrapped roll with tuna and the surfer roll is topped with shrimp dynamite.Besides the good sushi, this place has great service. Everything from our two servers, Aaron and Will, going above and beyond to ensure that we were well taken care of, to the manager periodically checking up on us as well. Very personable and knowledgeable of the menu. These are reasons why we continue to come back for happy hour sushi.
4	Been here a few times before. Food is always good and the service has been all but once. It's kinda spendy, so we checked yelp for other sushi places nearby, but they had negative reviews on the food and the prices were about the same, so we stuck with our usual.This time, we tried the pineapple rolls. I really liked them. They have a spicy kick to them and the pineapple sauce was delish! Seemed more like a pineapple salsa than sauce, because it was chunky. We also had the Uppercut wine, which tasted much better than it smelled lol. And we had California rolls. We both left full and the bill was $51 including tax and tip, so overall not bad. I like this spot.
1	We love Sushi Brokers. That is up till this evening when one of the owners yelled at a little girl for crying because she got salt from Edamame in her eye. He went over to a four year old little girl and told her he would not put up with THAT kind of behavior in HIS restaurant. We have gone there at least once a week since they opened and like the food and the service. WE WILL NOT BE GOING BACK BECAUSE OF THIS OWNER. Arcadia is a family neighborhood and SUSHI BROKERS is not a family friendly place when this owner is there.
2	Went there last Friday at 3pm.. Only people in place were 3 men at bar. The sushi chef just motioned for us to sit anywhere. Waited almost 5 minutes for waitress to finally come over with menus. It was Happy Hour at the moment and so we ordered sushi from that menu. Sushi was OK. Waitress came by once and didn't refill our water. A male (not sure if it was manager) came by and did it. After we were done eating she took our plates but never returned with a check. Waited another 5-7 minutes and flagged her down to bring check. (Mind you there was still only 3 people in restaurant) finally the same guy that refilled our water came and picked up check to check us out. All while waitress stood at bar talking to another girl. Just wish she was a lil more attentive. Wouldn't be going back again.
4	Best sushi in Arcadia. Finally checked this place out last week after hearing for years how good the Scottsdale location is. Sushi Brokers lived up to its rep. The Hot Lips roll is the best roll I've ever had anywhere.The wine by the glass selections were decent and my friend said his blood orange margarita reminded him of his trip to Rocky Point the weekend before. 4 starts instead of 5 because it was fairly loud inside when the restaurant when it was full and we had some slight service issues. Overall, the best bet for great sushi in the area.
4	Great sushi. Fish very fresh and tasty. Nice little restaurant in Arcadia. Went with a group attending the same conference. Ordered several different kinds of rolls and a few other dishes to share. Would definitely recommend.
2	Friends and I go once a month for happy hour (Arcadia) which always moves to regular time because it's so good.  The problem...The waitress' cannot get the bill right.  Every time we go, there seems to be a problem.  Credit cards mixed up, charged wrong, and the latest is our credit card was charged twice.  I'm beginning to think there's something fishy in Denmark.  Try and get a manager on the phone - close to impossible.  My advise is take cash because we've had a plethora of waitress' and all of them are great except when it comes time to pay.
5	I love sushi brokers!! I eat hear once a week on there happy hours in the weekends. Really good quality and cheap!
2	Haven't even eaten yet and I'm writing a review. Unprofessional. We showed up a group of 14 with a reservation and after ordering, the waitress mentions that we can only use up to 4 credit cards to pay. Excuse me? We are a bunch of friends meeting for a birthday dinner. Who carries cash? 5 of us had to walk across the street, visit the Chevron, buy gum in order to get a max of $40 cash back in order to get cash to pay our bill. I just got back to the restaurant, 15 minutes later. I'm not even hungry. Warning: if you have a group, Bring cash or be prepared to walk to an ATM or Chevron for cash back.Not happy at all.
5	Love this place but what's crazy is that I don't love it for sushi I love it for the Burger! Honestly i wouldn't of tried it but everyone got it so I did too. Best burger next to my dad's burger which is crazy! The place is nice I love the seating and the customer service! Want a burger? Come here.
2	I've read a lot of Good review about this place. I am not a sushi snob by any means but the sushi I had for lunch here was terrible. The salmon was plastic looking and dryish. The tuna had the consistency of an oyster and there was just enough rice to cover the paper. Maybe we ha a bad chef this day or something. But it was not worth the price. Out server also left drinks empty and hardly checked on us. We had to walk our check the the hostess stand to pay.
4	Solid food, great atmosphere (people and aesthetics). High tops, bar & booths are available. The blonde lanky hostess needs to step up her 'people skills' but beyond that I recommend this place. If you haven't been here I would say give it a try. This is my first time here and I would/will come back.The end. Cheers!
5	This happy hour is the best kept secret in town. They have deals and fabulous food that you can not get anywhere else. Service is probably 3.5 stars, but food is 5. Cowgirl roll, Volcano Chicken and Crab Rangoon are my favorites.
4	Since moving to the Arcadia ish area this was my first time craving sushi and was glad to find this spot about a mile away. I got there after ten so they had reverse happy hour. Wait staff was friendly pretty empty for a Friday night but I'm ok with that. I had the cowboy and the cowgirl rolls. One had spicy tuna and the other yellowfish inside. Both had small strips of tuna on the top with a spicy mayo and sriracha on the top. About 8 bucks a roll. Had a decent menu besides just sushi  just didnt have the stomach to eat anymore.
2	I've been back several times since my first review... my girlfriend loves their sushi. And I agree, their sushi is really good. They have a sushi chef that makes his own special "off menu" items and they are delicious!But again, the staff is spending more time chatting in the corner than waiting on the client. We have to request food, drinks and water refills half the time! Most of the staff appears to be more focused on "catching up" with each other and not with the customer.
4	We came in around 2pm, pretty much dead so we received quick service and our sushi didn't wow us but it was good for the simplicity of what we ordered, if I could offer any advice please try the calamari! Very good. Nice little hang out, and if your not wanting a loss of breath bill ( for  all my fellow penny pinchers) go during happy hour!! P.s Just keep swimming
4	I'm determined to try every sushi place in the Phoenix area and with Sushi Brokers having a happy hour and a reverse happy hour how could I pass them up?A spacious restaurant, that was pretty empty for the lunch time happy hour, I decided to sit at the bar. They have a good assortment of sushi rolls, appetizers and discounts for alcoholic drinks available for happy hour. Since I shared lunch with another, I got to share apps and sushi rolls, no drinks this time around.For appetizers, Vegetable Tempura and Calamari and for rolls we got the Spicy Tuna (my go-to) and a Crunchy Roll.Vegetable Tempura- thick, crispy battered vegetables (sweet potato, zucchini, mushroom and broccoli)Calamari- tender rings of squid, lightly battered and seasoned served with a Buffalo Wing type dipping sauce. I thought the dipping sauce was very zesty and tangy and would've preferred something else.Spicy Tuna- typical, 8 pieces to this roll and good tasting Tuna with a balance of heat and warm flavor of sesame oil.Crunchy Roll- Tempura shrimp with imitation crab meat, topped with avocado and unagi (eel) sauce. I thought this roll was a bit too mushy or wet in texture. The mouth feel was too soft for my liking. I don't know how this roll cost way more than the Spicy Tuna as it wasn't as good.Service was kind of lacking/awkward, as we were welcomed from one server who told us to let him know when we were ready who later disappeared for 15 min, from ordering from the sushi chef behind the bar and had another server take care of our checks and water, but good quality food none the less for the price paid. Thank you based happy hour (TYBHH). Will return for happy hour and for the Lucky Buddha Beer I saw available on the menu.
4	I literally live across the street and come in all the time. Today wasn't a pleasant visit, my waitress was so unfriendly never came by to ask if we were ok. The hostess had to ask if we've been helped yet and got us our drink order. She also has to get us our refills and our check. When the waitress braught us our check she put it on the table and walked away without saying a word or looking at us, So I gave the hostess the tip and said thank you. I give it 4 stars because the food is amazing and so was the hostess at the door. The waitress I'll never sit in her section if she is ever there.
5	LOVE this place! I've been here many times, at least once a week lately, and I'm never disappointed.  The sushi is always fresh, the drinks are great and the service never lacks.If you like the more rare types of sushi and sashimi, always ask if they have it. Escolar isn't on the regular menu, but they often have it and the sashimi plate is so good.I recommend Sushi Brokers on Indian School to everyone - it's just great!
4	This place is great it is my second time being here & everything was so good. I really like the dim lights at night its pretty nice inside. The drinks are great !!! The best part is the happy hour!! Las vegas roll , california roll, tootie & sanchez roll were amazing . I would give this a 5 star but , our waitress was a little unattentive . Other than that you must try this place its so worth the $$$$
5	Amazing service and amazing food! From the first day we ate here we come back weekly for the bento box/ happy hour....we are true sushi lovers.   Misty always greets us with a smile and not only remembers our names but says them correctly! (Rare)  They are VERY accommodating with customizing any/every roll.....this is something many sushi places will not do.   They will accommodate little or no rice which is very nice.    The staff seems to really have a connection with the customers which is what makes eating out an experience.   Can't wait for the upcoming patio! We will continue to come back weekly for the customizable sushi, bento box, and happy hour specials.....and of course the amazing service from misty and all the sushi chefs/managers.
5	Not only is the food excellent but the service is outstanding as well. All of the employees are friendly and helpful, especially Misty. Misty has gone out of her way to make sure that we are happy and since out first visit here 6 months ago we now come weekly...literally every week. We enjoy the happy hour,the quality of food, and the service kicks ass. Especially Misty and also Mike are the type of employees I would want  representing my establishment. Perfect.
4	PHOENIX, AZ: Is sushi brokers the best sushi in Phoenix?  Probably not.Is it my favorite sushi in Phoenix?  Oh yeah!There is a ton of flavor, groovy music, nice decor and friendly service.  It's a great place for a business meeting or to hang out for happy hour.Order the surfer roll; probably my most favorite guilty pleasure sushi ever.The lollipop roll is also a clever take with a cucumber exterior and the rolls are on skewers.
1	One step above grocery sushi. Nothing about this restaurant makes it stand out. Nothing authentic. Won't last much longer.
5	Quick service, sushi was on point and amazing. Clean place great music, I'd def be coming back and doing lunch or happy hour here.
4	This is a great place to go to have a nice quiet drink and amazing food with some close buddies. Had the best bartender who was attentive and lax to be consistent with the chill vibes in the place. A must for sushi lovers and tasty drink enthusiasts alike.
3	Okay, one full star lost for the foul aroma in the bathroom. That's a HUGE peeve of mine.Had the Cowgirl, the California Club, the Rainbow, and the Spider rolls, and also teriyaki, and Katzu bento boxes.The food was delicious! Based on that, alone, I'd recommend this place.The atmosphere is pleasant, and it's a very open, and welcoming feel.The prices are not exorbitant, but I think a bit on the high side.I'm not in this area a great deal, so I'm not likely to return, but if I were close by, and hungry, I'd come back.
5	I love this place! It is my boyfriend and I's go to spot for Sushi. They have a great variety, and as someone who does not eat raw fish, I love how many options they have with shrimp, crab, and lobster. I would have to say I eat here once a month and I will continue to go here.
5	Stopped by for lunch on a recommendation from someone at the Camelback Golf Course. Being from Atlanta and someone who eats a lot of sushi I was somewhat skeptical as you always want the fish to be fresh.   Not only was the fish fresh, but the service was fantastic!  Ask for Suzi at lunch. She was amazing.   We had a lot of tuna, salmon, and yellowtail nigiri and all was fresh. Great sushi rice. Very cool atmosphere. The spicy edamame was out of this world.
