3	Who could say no to a freshly made Belgian waffle, made from a family restaurant with a secret ingredient, all topped up with strawberries and whipped cream? Not many. This is the featured item on Yola's breakfast menu, along with a few egg dishes, oatmeal, yogurt and bakery.  The lunch menu offers a pretty standard selection of soups and salads, and the drink menu is cafe-standard as well. On my last visit I ordered a smoothie, which was ok but topped with completely deflated whipped cream. :(The atmosphere is comfortable and seems to attract a varied crowd. There is free wireless and plenty of outlets, also some great patio seating. I must say I particularly enjoyed the cafe's selection of music. Yola's is relatively new (it replaced the west end location of Crema Cafe a few months ago) and still putting itself together, so for now I'll say this place is only A-OK, but offers a lot of potential to become something much more than that. Only time and waffle cravings will tell...
5	Highly recommend it! Great place to do work! Unlike Panera, there are plenty of outlets. The coffee is very high quality, and the food is delicious! Perfect for meetings or just relaxing.
2	This place is okay. We were there early in the morning, so we were the only customers. The coffee was way to strong and our food was only lukewarm when we got it. Their Belgium waffle could have been great, but it was not even warm enough to melt the butter they brought with it. I think this place has a lot of potential, but I probably wouldn't go back anytime soon.
3	Nice place to go with kids,  they have a little area for the kids to play in. The food was alright.  I had there tomato soup and it was good. The kids menu was nice, but the main course had much to be desired.  It was nice to catch up with my playgroup gals for lunch.
5	I have been to Yola's several time for quick business meetings and for coffee.  The coffee is tasty and hot even when I'm in at the end of the day.    They are well known and envied for their Waffles -- but my favorite is the Baked Oatmeal.  I haven't enjoyed oatmeal this much ever!  I highly recommend this locally-owned cafe.  They certainly have the best recipes!
5	Yolas is an example of why we moved from Chicago to Madison! The owners are behind the counter, friendly. The Waffles are their specialty, get them a la mode! We bring our 2 year old to "Waffles with Santa" their annual community Christmas event. Having "Liked" their facebook page, I can see they do a number of events like this. Free Wifi is handy, but they also have a computer I can use if I forget my laptop. The kid's play area is always clean which is huge for us. The roast beef sandwich has a horseradish mayo and caramelized onions, my fave. We have a small business and have had them do some catering which was a pretty inexpensive way to go and Lance was able to customize it to our needs. He has an old fashion cappuccino machine to bring to fancier events.  Pretty happy to have found "our" community cafe/coffee house.
5	I love having a local owned coffee shop just down the street.  They always have a great cup of coffee, awesome sandwiches and catering.  They will even deliver if you have a spa day and need some lunch.  The owners are friendly and helpful, why go anywhere else?  Thanks Yolas, keep up the great work.
3	I enjoyed my visit to Yola's today. Highlights: Patriot waffle - a nifty combo of a Belgian waffle with strawberry, blueberries and whipped cream (red, white and blue, eh!?!). It was very tasty, and not to pricey at $6.49. On the other hand, I'm pretty sure it was "strawberry" and not "strawberries" since there was not a huge amount of fruit on the waffle. I gave it a little dash or syrup and all was well, though. I liked the Yelp check-in offer of a free 16-oz hot coffee with purchase, which went perfect with the waffle. Service was nice, and the waffle was up before I even got my laptop fired up. I'm pretty sure the owners were working behind the counter, which is always a good sign. About the only downside I could find was the contemporary Christian music on the house sound system.  I've nothing against that type of music, but its just a bit overt for me. To each his own, I guess.All things considered, a nice coffee shop with a good vibe, and I see they have a kids play area, which is a nice touch for a neighborhood gathering place. Much success to you, Yola's Cafe!
5	They have the best waffles in town!
5	I am a virtual worker who spends a lot of time in coffee shops.  Many in Madison. Yolas meets my criteria for plugs, wifi, space between tables if you are talking, distance between kids area and business workers, and lots of windows. They exceed my expectations for the owners friendly welcome and how they remember my name. I have worked extra hard to schedule meetings there.  I love the fact that they have gluten free bread for sandwiches. On top of that the owner is willing to listen to suggestions, like getting name tags for his staff.  Food is good and coffee good and consistent ( I get the same coffee every time).  The could improve by staying open later so I could work longer in the day!
4	I was on my way to work and didn't have much time to grab a quick coffee and I knew how crowded "you-know-where" can be this time of day.  I also remembered having some tasty coffee  and scones at an event catered by Yola's so I decided to stop in.  One of my friends in college would bring me scones made by her English grandmother and the scones at Yola's are just as good (dare I say better?) than grandma's! I was relieved to find not a single person in line at 8:15.  I grabbed my coffee and a scone and was out the door in no time! I think this might be my new Friday treat to myself :)
1	Not enough staff on Saturday to handle the crowd. The coffee containers were all empty, except one, and mislabeled. I got flavored coffee from the container, which wasn't labeled as such (which by the way, I hate). Other customers were leaving the restaurant very upset because their food was taking so long.
5	Great place to relax and have a cup of coffee on comfy chairs in front of a toasty fireplace. Tasty/affordable menu! My fav is the Greek Wrap with Chicken.
4	The waffles here are amazing! I have had the strawberry and the blueberry on separate occasions, and neither time was I disappointed. I only wish they stayed open longer... I am fond of eating breakfast for dinner.
4	Once you meet the owners, you know why this place is so popular. The staff is great, the food and drinks are great for a coffeehouse. Their Wifi is better most coffee houses in Madison. If you are in social networking, this is a great place to network.Prices are matched to other places. Their front patio allows you to sit outside and enjoy a mid-morning cup. Lance and Lisa are great hosts and work hard for your business.
3	Decor is cute but it doesn't go together at all and although i'm sure they are doing that on purpose and going for a charming/quaint look it really isn't working. I had a black coffee and plain waffle. Waffle was amazing (of course:)) and delivered very promptly. Coffee wasn't freshly brewed and the canister of the medium roast was out (and i didn't want to wait for them to fill it) so i just got the dark roast. It was decent but not great coffee.There was an assorted group of people at 10am on a weekday--moms with their kids, businessmen having a meeting, a guy meeting his contractor, and the hippy college kid. It was a fun crowd.If im in the area and really needing caffeine i might be back but no special trips out here.
4	Yola's is my friendly local coffee shop. I stop here pretty often for breakfast and coffee on the way to work. The food and pastries are very good! They have a good selection of gluten free items, too. They keep some seasonal items circulating, too. I've always felt very welcomed by the staff, too. The sandwiches are locally sourced and very delicious. The waffles are INSANELY good. The coffee is good, too. I usually get an espresso beverage, and there can be some difference depending on who is making the drink. The owners are, of course, the best at making the coffee drinks, so if you can catch one of them working behind the counter, do it! That's the other thing about Yola's I appreciate. It's family owned and run with a good family atmosphere. The owners and their family are often working behind the counter and socializing with the customers. I often see families, friends, and even business meetings going on. Yola's will also host events from time to time, and you can buy items such as jewelry, mugs, and cards from local artisans at the cafe. The food, beverage, and atmosphere are MUCH better than their corporate counterparts.
5	I'm at Yola's at least once a week, sometimes more. I'm one of the moms with kid(s) (well, just one infant, to be precise). I LOVE it here, it's my go-to. The barristas (especially one and I have to learn her name) know my order every time and I rarely have to actually say it. It's nice to have somewhere to unwind and just "be" for a time. They have a variety of seating - comfy chairs, solitary tables, group tables, tables near the play area. They also have a great fireplace feature in the center as well as an overall "homey" feeling. It's my (calm) home away from my (hectic) home.Their food is delicious - the waffles are amazing and the California sandwich is my lunch staple when I've lingered a little too long for good conversation and end up with two meals there.There is typically a very diverse crowd - businesspeople, college students, moms and tots, and the lone wolf. All seem content and right at home.
4	We tried Yola's today. My Dad made a beeline for the one of two cozy nooks outfitted with comfy chairs next to the fireplace while I did the transaction. We both had the yoghourt fruit cup with coffee. The breakfast of the day (egg whites with pesto and tomato on a whole wheat English muffin) was very good, too. The coffee came in a  large mug, but if you want to spend some time, it might be best to get the bottomless cup. Yola's also has a hot and cold water dispenser and full size tumblers for cold water (which matters to me, as I dislike having to refill a thimble size cup that most places provide). Best of all, the kiddies and their handlers have their very own spot to make their mess & wander in (with toys, no less) and it would very difficult if not impossible to maneuver a huge stroller in the place. It is a great place to meet for coffee in twos and fours. Next time I'm in the area, I will be making a stop.
4	Me and the better half stopped in yesterday to Yolas since we had heard so much about it. Its a cute little place, with a surprisingly large and creative kids area, as well as an area for adults. Both of us ordered breakfast sandwiches, and I also ordered a Shakeology (tasty chocolate, peanut-butter, espresso, and banana). All was quite tasty. We were serviced by a very polite, polite, and helpful young man (Alex?). Or visit was short, but tasty and memorable and we will be back. I saw a lot tasty treats on the way out that I wanted to try, but I had to save them for next time.    Visited February 2013
5	Excellent waffles.  Excellent place to visit, especially kid-friendly.  Huge selection of Herbal Teas and Coffee is great.
2	Just in recently, and had the misfortune of listening to the screams of some ladies leather lunged kid, who was also biting its adult keeper. Consider yourselves warned.Also, Yola's needs signs placed around to remind customers to please pick up there dishes & place them in the bins against the wall when they are through. I've seen tables of people walk right out the door with everything left on the table when the staff is really being slammed and cannot pull away to clean up the table.
4	I visited Yola's Cafe for the first time today with a friend of mine and her two young sons. I loved the vibe of the cafe. They have three sections to sit in with a variety of tables and comfy chairs. The center section has a fireplace which I can imagine being very nice on cooler days! There was a variety of customers, including business people, young adults, and people with children. The cafe is very family-friendly. We sat at a nice table right by a small play area for the children. I like how the play area is in a corner and provides kids with kitchen-play options, puzzles, books, games, and chalkboards. My friend's sons had a great time and loved the food! There is a good selection of food and drinks. The food comes out fresh and warm! My friend ordered a waffle topped with strawberries, blueberries, and whipped cream. She and her boys enjoyed it and it was a good amount for the price. I had a breakfast sandwich. It comes on a bagel or english muffin with either sausage, ham, or bacon, along with eggs and cheese. It was delicious! When I go back, I'd like to get a homemade smoothie and one of their lunch sandwiches. The wall art seemed a little random, but I realized that all of the pieces were designed by the same artist, which I thought was neat. They also had cards, jewelry, and other little things made by local designers for purchase. Such a nice place! I will definitely be going back.
5	This cafe is truly great.  The coffee and food are delicious and there is a nice community as well.  In the a.m. the baked oatmeal and Belgian waffles are a must.  For lunch or a late afternoon snack the Greek Chicken wrap is my favorite and of course there are many other options.  Daily they feature a different flavored coffee which is a nice surprise treat.  As for community they frequently have Friday open Mic nights and other learning events throughout a month.  Check it out for yourself!!
4	The waffles are where it's at!But a cool summer treat they're calling fruit whips are a close second. Imagine a frozen banana pureed and spoonable, with decadent toppings or plain if you'd rather keep it simple. It's this season's perfect cold treat, dairy free and all natural!
5	Excellent waffles.  Excellent place to visit, especially kid-friendly.  Huge selection of Herbal Teas and Coffee is great.
3	Tried Yola's for the first time in the morning on my birthday with family. Nice little small place, has good coffee shop atmosphere. Small area with some indoor seating and a little patio outside as well. Play area for kids and lots of art on the walls. The counter where you order was small and pretty cluttered. This didn't bother me but my family didn't care for it. We each ordered coffee and food. The coffee was good - but I got a mocha and it was pretty small. I also got the Patriot waffle. Again really good, but small. A bit too small on each for the price. My wife got the Baked Oatmeal and we all shared a Scone. The Oatmeal was a pretty solid mass, almost like a piece of oatmeal coffee cake or something. I thought it looked good, but my wife didn't care for it. The scone was a bit dry too.  Overall, I think I wanted to like the place more than we did. It was ok, and the service nice, but seemed overwhelmed when a few more people came in. They have a loyalty app that you can download on your phone - I did that for the waffles and found out later I could have gotten credit for the coffees too. Not sure why they didn't tell me that. I'll try it again for lunch someday. Ok place to check out.
4	Very yummy waffles :)
4	There's so much to like about this place: a cozy, carpeted atmosphere with both tables and overstuffed chairs to lounge on while you chat or relax. A small fireplace and a large bank of windows at the back adds to the warmth of the space. The outdoor patio is a nice alternative on a warm, sunny day. If staying inside, a half-wall separates customers from the noise and bustle of the order counter. I live just down the street, so it's my go-to spot for coffee with a friend. I also love that they sometimes offer coupons and a loyalty card!There's quite an expansive menu of coffee drinks, plus breakfast AND lunch options, with a nice selection of both including special-diet options. I like lattes and cappuccinos with flavored syrup, but I don't want all the sugar. A huge assortment of sugar-free Torani syrups is available at Yola's for customers like me wanting variety, unlike other places that only have a couple choices. I really feel like Yola's cares about the customer and their preferences.As far as the food, I've had the baked oatmeal which is delicious but the sandwiches are hit or miss. I had one with chicken a while back and it tasted like it was a few days old and was very dry and utterly unpleasant. The wraps they use are a bit bland and flavorless. A recent sandwich there however was very tasty and fresh. They will deliver your sandwich to you at your table so you don't have to stand and wait, which is a nice touch.Besides the inconsistency of the food, my only other small complaint is that the staff seem slow and they sometimes need to improve their listening skills. I had a latte recently that wasn't made to my liking, despite repeating my order. However, they are always happy to make things right! I also despise drinking out of a paper cup, which takes away from the enjoyment of the coffee-shop experience, in my opinion. They will default to disposable every time and never ask which you prefer. I made a point to request a mug recently, but still got my coffee in a paper cup, grrrr. Not only is paper more costly, it's also not friendly to the environment, something I am very conscious of. It would be nice if they would ask "for here or to go"?Overall, Yola's is an excellent place on the far-west side for enjoying a cup of joe or for a cozy breakfast and/or lunch. They're a small, family-owned place that truly cares about the customer. I should mention that they support artists and musicians and feature their talents at the cafe, so kudos for that as well!
4	Delicious Coffee and Waffles!I love stopping in Yola's after working out at the Princeton Club. They have really good iced coffee and the place always smells so good. Once in a while I'll get a waffle, but you have to make sure you have a lot of time because if you order a waffle or speciality coffee it takes a while for them to prepare it.
2	Food and drinks are inconsistent & the service is almost always poor. Only reason for 2 stars is the gluten free options.
4	Great place for coffee, treats and meetings!Yola's has become one of my new places to meet for coffee and work.  They have yummy seasonal specials and of course the coffee is always hot and brewed perfectly.In addition to breakfast fare they have sandwiches, soups and of course their special waffles.
3	I would think twice about the food, but their coffee is very good. Chai latte was great and the brewed organic coffee was brewed to perfection.  Coffee is clearly their core competency.
3	My group of coworkers met here for a breakfast meeting today (12/23/13).+ Cozy atmosphere+ Friendly staff+ Interesting artwork/other items for sale scattered about+ Frittata was decent; greens were simple and good+ I'm told the waffle was superb- Limited menu for breakfast items- Items came out very staggered, with delays between items- Breakfast sandwiches were very small and pricey at $5+ Bakery items looked interesting- No salt/pepper at table - have to use paper packets+ Decent coffee- $0.50 refills+ Self-serve coffee and water+ They accept credit/debit
2	As much as I still love Yola's for its ambiance and great-tasting coffee, unfortunately my last experience there was quite disappointing and felt I needed to update my review. A friend and I were there on Dec. 30, around noon. We approached the counter to order and were told we'd have to wait a few minutes. No big deal, although they do seem to be consistently understaffed at busier times. We ordered two coffees in mugs and were told they were out of mugs. Again, not a huge deal but couldn't understand how this could be when they always default to paper unless a mug is specified, which isn't often. Sensing my disappointment, my friend found a used mug and handed it to the barista. We sat down next to a table containing items that previous guests had left behind (two coffee cups and used napkins), despite a nearby trash receptacle and dirty dish station. Why some people can't clean up after themselves is beyond me. However, as another reviewer pointed out and because this is a considerable issue, Yola's needs to have signs reminding people to return used dishes and dispose their trash. And so we waited. And waited. And waited some more. It was a good 30 minutes before our coffees arrived. I took a sip and it was obvious my latte was not made correctly, requiring a return trip to the service counter. Similar errors have occurred on past visits, making me question their order-fulfillment system. My companion and I lingered for a couple hours, talking and drinking. We were approached at 2pm with an announcement that they would be closing at 2:30. What?? I asked why and was told "Oh, just because of the holiday and everything." Ummm.... what holiday? Mind you, there was no sign on the door or counter area indicating the early closing time, and there were several confused customers still in the shop. Thankfully, we had finished our coffee, but we left baffled and unhappy.Although Yola's is still a nice, cozy place for coffee/breakfast/lunch, I think they need to work on a few things to improve service and the overall enjoyment of their guests. If the owners are reading, I would also suggest installing blinds or shades on the large expanse of south-facing windows. It's almost impossible to sit near the window on a sunny day, unless you like being blinded. It also gets very hot. Lastly, 4:30 is kind of an odd closing time. Staying open until at least 5 or 6pm seems more reasonable and customers wouldn't feel so rushed.
3	I work nearby and have always wondered how this place was. The price was good and the food was average. I had a chocolate chip scone and a belgian waffle. The scone was tasty but the waffle was nothing special. The atmosphere was pleasant but I don't think it was enough for me to return any time soon.
3	Amazing gluten free waffles. Hard to believe they are gluten free. Great place but always busy.....Have had some bad experiences though. Received the wrong waffles and didn't get our coffee until after we were done eating. Full of kids. Hard to find a table. Really depends on when you go here.
1	I am not one to complain and respect the food industry, however, I was extremely disappointed in my experience here. First, it was extremely crowded and minimal seating. There were only 3 people working and service was poor. My friend and I ordered the frittata and it came extremely runny in the middle. The eggs were barely cooked and the dish was hardly warm. We proceeded to politely tell one of the waitress and they responded telling us they were pre cooked eggs and that it shouldn't be a problem. I however do not feel comfortable eating eggs that appear runny. She then ASKED if we wanted our money back after telling her we would just leave. I'm sorry but it shouldn't have been a question if we wanted our money back, I felt they should have said we will give you your money back or you can pick another menu item for free. After waiting for another 15 minutes we were able to get refunded. again, I don't normally complain or make a scene but the service and food was a huge disappointment.
5	Excellent food!!  Friendliest staff I've ever experienced at a cafe.  Clean and cozy place - indoor and outdoor seating.  Cant beat this place if you are on the West side!
2	I used to be a huge fan of this place and was excited to bring my visiting family there because of their gluten free options. When we walked in there were only 4 tables being occupied. I had my 9 month old daughter with so we needed to find a table large enough for the 6 of us and a high chair. Our only option were two tables in the back that we had to push together. I had no problem doing so, but my issue with both tables was how dirty they were and clearly had not been wiped. When I went and found the high chair..shocker again disgusting.Now it came to order. My father n I made our way to the counter where a friendly young woman took our order. We ordered two Greek wraps (awesome!) and a California turkey wrap (again..awesome!). I still never understand why your drinks are in a cooler hidden around the corner which to this day NO ONE EVER tells you about. After waiting 30 minutes one of the Greek wraps made it to the table(which was dropped by a very awkward young man who was aimlessly walking around with different orders before ours) and didn't have the chicken that was requested. 15 minutes later the 2nd Greek wrap has arrived..no chicken. Then after 10 minutes both wraps come back made with chicken. THEN ANOTHER 15 minutes later my California wrap arrives...All with fruit cups. Now in the menu they specify you get tortilla chips and homemade salsa and if you would like fruit it's a $1 upcharge. Again..no biggie we like our fruit..but you didn't even mention the fact "Hey sorry folks we seem to have ran out of chips..is fruit ok?"Lastly..I really feel you should have someone checking the appearance of your restrooms. Both were in poor form and needed some attention. This was not how I felt when you first arrived on commerce drive. It was actually a go to spot that I often bragged about to fellow friends and family. However after today's experience (especially now that I have a young child) I do not have the patience for Yolas Cafe. Maybe if I find myself bored with a lot of time on my hands I will stop by to wait for a 20 minute latte.
4	My family took a little lunch outing to Yola's last weekend.  I don't feel like I'm entirely qualified to write a full review, as all I had was a breakfast sandwich.  But, it was a very tasty breakfast sandwich with fresh ingredients, which is good in my book.  Everyone else in my party enjoyed their meals, as well.  I like the outside seating area - it's perfect for people with kids who like to run around and act unruly despite their mother's best attempts to keep them still! and respectable!  The woman working behind the register was also the woman who brought us our food. She was incredibly friendly and understanding. I will definitely be back to try more off of their menu.
3	If you are hungry go somewhere else. My sandwich was so small. Coffee is great though
3	This restaurant is a small coffee shop. We usually go there for breakfast and they have a great breakfast sandwich. The waffles are also very good.  The price is slightly higher than I would expect, but the food is still good.
1	This morning my sister and I went to Yola's for breakfast before work.  I ordered a soy latte.  My sister ordered a frappe. We took our number to a table near the front, and the barrista, a youngish woman with dark hair, brought out my drink after about ten minutes.  This wait was obviously longer than what you would have at a coffee shop such as Starbucks, but because of the independent family-run nature of the business we were understanding of this at first.  My drink was made in a mug instead of a to go cup which would have been fine but like I said.  This was supposed to be just a breakfast stop. My drink tasted good and seemed to be what I ordered. My sister was not so lucky.  After over 30 minutes we really had to leave and she had still not received he drink!  Only about five customers had come through after us.  The workers were very disorganized and even though we had a number for our order the servers kept bringing us items that others had ordered.  Finally I went up to the counter to get a to go cup which the barrista reluctantly gave me.  My sister then asked about her drink.  The barrista, who had taken her order, was very confused about what my sister had ordered and couldn't seem to figure out how to make it even though it was on their menu.  The barrista did not apologize and she was pretty rude.  When she finally handed my sister a drink it was not only not a flavored frappe like she had ordered but a some kind of hot drink which my sister threw away as we left furious.  This is not our first bad experience with Yola's.  We kept going back wanting to like it, and sometimes their food, drinks and service are ok, but enough is enough.  The bad service and sometimes hostile staff ruins any other appeal this place has. Needless to say we will not be going back to Yola's.
2	I have a difficult time with Yola. I really, REALLY want to like them. THEY OFFER GLUTEN-FREE BELGIAN WAFFLES! They used to be SO GOOD!But the last four times I've been in there, my waffles have been raw in the middle, or I've gotten very sick right after eating them (I don't know if they use the same waffle maker for their non-GF waffles, or what, but it's not acceptable either way.)Their staff is always *very* friendly (though generally either over-staffed or under-staffed,) and they were one of the first places in Madison to offer almond milk in their beverages, which was great for someone like me, who is both lactose and soy-intolerant.But like someone else said, the other issues they face are like death by a thousand papercuts. And after getting sick, I just haven't gone back.It makes me sad, because that part of the west side really needs a solid coffee shop. I wish Yola's still fit the bill.
1	Total crap foodI came with my wife for a long time awaited breakfast date.. This place served miserable food, poor taste in coffee. . Cold coffee s made from hot with ice added to it.. waffle was soggy with out and syrup. .wasted time and pretty expensive. Poor quantity.. old breads for sandwich. . Came out hungry. .Would have rather stayed home for breakfast!!
5	Yola's is a great local place to grab some brunch and coffee. The atmosphere is casual and relaxed, w/ Christian-labeled music playing softly in the background. When you come for breakfast, get a Belgium waffle - it's what they're known for. They have gluten-free options too. If you're in the area, give them a visit!
5	Yola's is great for both an awesome tea (sport tea) and for meetings. I always find the staff friendly and it helps with the overall vibe. I find that Lance and Lisa make the business great and have been fun to train also in my fitness business.Hard workers and great people.
2	We also really want to like Yola's since we live so close. Cute place. I ordered the waffle wo whipped cream. It came w it anyway. I ordered a side if bacon. It is totally fast food style bacon that should be hidden on a sandwich. The 4 slices didn't add up to one normal piece. The staff were distracted and not helpful. Not worth the price. Total bummer!
2	The decor is nice. The salad was beautifully described as mixed organic field greens with feta and toasted almonds etc. I would have  laughed at how far below the description the salad fell had it not been so pricey. Should have chosen a scone. Oh and I could do without the Christian tunes piping through the entire cafe.
2	Step one: buy a waffle maker. Step two: charge people for your mediocre waffles. I think this is Yola's business plan, though I am not certain. My waffle was nothing special...it was even a little cold when it got to my table. I was disappointed.
