1	Thai food is definitely one of my favorite foods.  The Pad Thai, Thai Iced Tea, Lemon Grass Chicken... mmm.  When walking in to this place, it's very small and quaint.  I didn't eat inside but I ordered over the phone and took it back to the office.  Looking at the plastic bag full of food, I was super excited like a little girl during Christmas day eyeing on the gifts.  After tearing the plastic bag open, flipped open the container filled with Pad Thai, spring rolls, fried rice and just dug right in to it.  Needless to say, I was so disappointed.  The Pad Thai had a funny after taste and while eating it made me want to gag.  The fried rice had no flavor to it, and I couldn't even finish it all.  I just picked at it and tried to eat as much as I could but my stomach and nostrils just had enough.  Oh, I forgot, it smelled very bad.  The only thing good about the whole dish was the spring roll and fortune cookie I ate in the end.  I should've just had Panda Express.  Atleast that tastes so much better.
2	Located in a strip mall on Tropicana, you'd hope that you've found some kind of local gem when you walk into the restaurant.The inside is quite cute. There is a stone facade on all the walls so you feel like you're dining in a cave. I was brought here under the pretense that the food here is as good as Lotus of Siam.Um. WRONG.I ordered the crispy duck and it was soooooo freakin' dry. The flavor was there... but it'd be like ordering a succulent roast duck in the window of your favorite chinese restaurant- and then leaving outside in the sun for 2 days, then serving it on a plate here at this restaurant.We also ordered a chicken dish with a coconut curry. The sauce was good, but again... the chicken was over cooked and dry! That's AFTER having been smothered in sauce! Good god!My waitress didn't understand my question when I asked her to "please describe the crispy duck to me?" Well... actually, she understood me but she was so sincere and smiled, "it's a duck. It's crispy. It has a sauce on the side.""What's the sauce made of?'"Um. It's brown or... no, black. And it's um.... um.... people like it!"Sigh.I wish I hadn't ordered it.The staff seems nice, but they're not trained in the menu and they're really just glorified bussersI hear the coconut soup here is good.I'm not sure I'll ever get back here to try it though.The good points of this place is that management seemed nice and the decor inside is quirky. .
3	So I was anxiously waiting for my hotel room to be ready, and I found this place out of no where on Tropicana located in a strip mall as I was cruising through Vegas.  I actually walked into the pizza joint next door on accident because the place is so well hidden. You really have to pay attention to the signs on the doors. Once I got in, I enjoyed the ambiance of the place. It had a dark and relaxing feel to it with all the booths setup. They also had some nice authentic Thai decor hanging from the walls. I was quickly seated, and presented with the lunch special menu. Of course, I had to order the Chicken Pad Thai, and surprisingly they also had a Chinese menu was well. So I went ahead and ordered a Kung Pao Chicken.The food arrived quickly and I did enjoy the taste of my pad thai. It had a good sweet taste to it, but the chicken was a bit on the dry end. I did like the egg roll with the sweet sauce as well. The rice had an original taste to it. It was like something you would get out of this country.  I also tasted the Kung Pao and I realized that it tasted exactly the same as the chicken on the Pad Thai. I am guessing they just prepare the chicken ahead of time and mix it whatever that is ordered.  My food wasn't spectacular, but I thought for the price it was a great deal. Two lunch combos came out to be about $15 without drinks. Definitely a good little surprise indeed.  Come here if you are not expecting too much, but a full stomach.
4	I am sorry to see that of the many people on yelp did not care for the King and I. Personally, being a broke college student, the lunch specials at the King and I are portioned just right and include a drink for a pretty good price. Quality of food is consistent and staff is generally friendly. They have a fairly consistent following of locals during lunch and dinner so it's just not me sticking up for this place. Note to self..... get regulars from the restaurant to write about King and I on yelp.
4	maaaaan i don't know why people are so bummed on this place!  since i can't give half ratings i gave it a 4 when i really wanted to give it a 3.5.  the food was good, the service was very nice and friendly.  we had the tom yum soup and the pad sieu noodles.  not bad!  i feel like people might come here with hangovers and sassy attitudes and that's why the rating is so low...
2	A few concerns about this place after eating here several times:Food is inconsistent, ranging from average to poor.  Usually get the Pad Thai with Chicken, quality has dropped over time.  Chicken has become rubbery and unsavory, color of noodles have gotten strangely more orange over time - an unnatural color that looks more like food coloring than any kind of legitimate ingredient in the dish.I have always had the feeling that this place in not terribly clean (sticky tables, rattan placemats that appear to never really be cleaned) and it has just gotten worse over time.Service is very inconsistent - in the same party, arrival of entrees can be staggered by 20-30 min over lunch - not workable when out for lunch with a group during a work lunch hour.Many other good thai places existing in Las Vegas - in my opinion, this one is not among them, and one should look to other options for thai food.
5	A cool place with a warm atmosphere. The attractive staff is extremely friendly in an accommodating, professional manner, which made me feel quite welcome. More like a guest than a customer. I've ordered a couple of dishes, Chow Mein and Mongolian Beef that I had them turn up the temperature to a 5, which were terrific, and I just can't miss the Beef Salad and the Chicken Satay. I always order more than I can eat because I like the food so much. They also have a fantastic wine selection--it seems the owner has quite an affection for wine--I ordered what turned out to be an excellent Merlot, especially for the price. If you're over by UNLV and want so great Thai or Chinese Food (I mix and match), give this place a try.
5	I really enjoy the food at King & I.  I love the fact that they will make my food as spicy as I want...which is quite spicy!  The owner seems to know a lot about wine and everytime we order a bottle, he has always given a a great recommendation and the bottle price is reasonable too.  The waitstaff are all very nice and must like where they work as I have never seen one of them without a big smile on.  I like the ambiance and there is always good music playing.  Mongolian and basil chicken are among my favorites.
2	Let me start off by saying that I LOVE thai food! With that being said, I strongly believe that pad thai is the easiest and most popular dish at Thai restaurants. So, I would expect it to be nothing short of delicous... or at least edible for that matter. My pad thai arrived extremly greasy, with no flavor! I have no idea how they cooked it, or how long they cooked it for... but my noodles turned into a giant plate of flour mush glistened with oil! BOO!!! Never again my friend... Never again!
3	Rating: 3.5. Why is there so much hate goin on on this place?? The King and I is perfect for a quick lunch. They have nice, cheap lunch specials for about $7 which comes with egg drop soup, rice, egg roll, wonton, rice, and your entree. My staple of chicken curry was as I expected and the waitress was prompt. What is not to like from a little hole in the wall with good food?? My only dislike is their spicy scale that is from 1-4. How can you justify spiciness on a scale of 1-4?!?! If you're in the area craving some Thai food... this will satisfy your needs:]
2	The service wasn't amazing, and the food was only ok. The atmosphere was fine. If the food was amazing then less then friendly wait staff wouldn't be such a big deal, but the mediocre food doesn't justify the trip.
2	I used to really like this restaurant located in a strip mall across from UNLV. It's a cute small hole in the wall with some sort of ambiance (tables & booth seating). My husband liked it and we even ate here with my family and friends. The service was excellent. The portions were good. The pricing was good. One lady was doing prep work (vegetables) at one of the dining tables, which was kind of weird. Don't get me wrong, the food was excellent. However, when we saw bugs the last time, we got a little turned off.
2	Been here a couple times because it's the closest Thai in my neighborhood. I really wanted to love it, considering it's convenience and lunch specials. The decor is nice and there's a wine list so points for effort. The problem is, the food kind of sucks. Everything was bland, regardless of what we ordered. The spicy mint chicken I requested on maximum spice level was more sweet than spicy. Not really a hint of spice at all. The chicken was that rubbery stuff found in Chinese takeout boxes. There was some brown colored rice served alongside with the lunch special and a soup. The rice was sweet, and I left almost all of it on my plate. The pad Thai was almost inedible. The chicken curry looked great, but I did not personally try it. From reports, it was pretty bland. After a dinner and lunch trip I can easily say that if you are looking for sugar laden "Thai" food this would be the perfect spot for you-drink some wine to go with it you silly bastards because that's the only way the food will taste good.
3	No doubt, it beats a burger!  I frequent this place for the lunch special ($6 for main dish, egg roll, salad, and soup - the drink is now separate) and for that price it is so worth it!  They do seem to do the heat level "American style" (that is, a 2 out of 5 won't kill the sensitive palettes like at some joints that may be more authentic).  My experiences with the curries are that they are quite flavorful, and they come with an assortment of veggies mixed in with the meat which I appreciate.  I've never had the pad Thai that several folks complained about, so it sounds like the curries are the way to go.  I'll stick with my standard.  Their panang curry is a bit too peanutty for me, the yellow a bit too mellow, but the red curry is just right blend of flavor and heat to brighten my day.  service is generally quick and polite, and lunch size servings are generous (you won't leave hungry).  I would kill for the tom kha soup when I'm in the mood (not on the lunch special, but sometimes you need to deviate for a craving).  No, it's not the most unique or amazing Thai in town, but for a tasty sit-down lunch stop, it's my standard and it definitely beats most of the Thai-Chinese catch-all competitors.
5	I've been noticing a lot of not so great reviews for this place.  My guess is that a lot of "farangs" (that's foreigners to you non-Thais out there in Yelpville) need something to complain about.  Either that or these are the same farangs that consider a chain like Thai Spice to be authentic Thai.With that being said,  my family's experience with this establishment was awesome.  The service was very good and the waitress was impressed that I actually knew the Thai phrase for the spice tray.  Khrueng Phuang which to you ingrit speaking farangs means Ring of Spices.  Even though sugar was not part of their Khrueng Phuang, it did not dampen my impression of the culinary wonders that they lay before us.Their chicken satay were pretty thick slices of meat and almost done like Chinese BBQ.  Although unlike many farang reviewers of Thai establishments on this site, a satay or a Pad Thai does not necessarily make a Thai restaurant bad.  The Pad Thai was medium, at the request of my farang company,  but that's what Krueng Phuang is for.  Spice it up ho you like it if its too mild.  If you need some pointers on how to utilize or even request Krueng Phuang,  invite me along to your next Thai meal and I will be happy to teach you.  Usually I don't order Pad Thai at restaurants since contrary to popular belief,  it is not the national dish of Thailand. For the record, it's Tom Yum Kung (Spicy Soup with Shrimp) Pad Si Yu and Rad Na are much better noodle dishes and we had the latter with pork.  Gravy had a nice consistency and they used the Sen Yai (wide to you farangs) noodles as opposed to the Sen Lek (narrow).  The Tod Mun was nice and thick unlike some of the flat pancake ones I have ahd at other Thai restaurants.  The Panang Curry a nice peanutty flavor and was spiced just right.Overall, I will come back here again when I come back to Vegas.  Some farangs need to mellow out and just enjoy their meal.  As someone who is Thai,  I had some real bad Thai food (Thai Spice) in my day.  This place is one of the better places that I would bring my  mother to.  For the record, she is a native of the province of Petchabun.
4	Admittedly, I have been to King and I on only a few occasions.  Where I would give their food a 3/4 stars, the ambiance, courtesy and promptness of service pushes it to 4.  Our beef satay was a bit dry but my mint chicken was excellent.  My eating companion opted for fried rice, which was moist and full of flavor.  We both ordered one point under the spiciest of choices and could have easily gone that extra point.  The lunch specials, as noted in other reviews, is a solid option.
4	Delicious. I have had better but this place is pretty good. Its close to the Strip as well. Nice Seating and the Decor is pretty cool. The Servers are more than friendly. The Lunch special is AWESOME. 6 bucks for Pad Thai w Chicken, A big mound of fried rice. 2 Wontons a eggroll and a Salad and Hot and Sour Soup. I had the Thai tea 3 dollars not bad. A Whole meal that filled me up for under 10 Dollars. Take that CRAPTASTIC Mc Donalds. The Pad Thai had the perfect amount of sauce. The Salad was simple and honestly im Amazed it came with that much food. The Soup was pretty decent. Came with Big Chunks of tofu that didnt taste bland or like it had been over cooked. I should of asked for sweet and sour with my eggroll but it was still crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The wontons didnt have cream cheese just plain but were light and airy and crisp. The Pad Thai wasnt overly sauced and had nice chunks of chicken and peanuts just the way i like it. I will definitely frequent this place. So im not sure why it gets such low reviews. 4 stars because the service was hit or miss when i was first seated. But then it was on point.
2	One star for the Pineapple Fried Rice, which is very good! It is prepared with shrimp and cashews and was a generous portion and thoroughly satisfying. Minus 3 stars for the other dishes ... Spring rolls were meh, bbq ribs were just okay ... Kind of dry and skin was not crispy at all. My friend ordered the Pad Thai and did not care for it. I tasted it, and it seemed very sweet to me, but I am not a fan of rice noodles.I will recommend this place for the Pineapple Fried Rice, but was not impressed by their other dishes.
5	Nice people and great food.
4	If I worked or went to school in this area, King and I would be my to go Thai food without a doubt. Their lunch specials are irresistible!The decor at this location is one of a kind. It's as if I'm dining in a log cabin adorned with beautiful Thai decorations.Now, as for the food items, I was impressed by: The chicken satay, the crispy duck and curries. Pad Thai isn't anything too memorable--I don't think I found it very flavorful. It's nice that King and I has other locations :).
5	Great Thai food, I love their sweet and sour tofu and the Thai tea is awesome. Highly recommend it.
5	I love their lunch specials.  Food is always good and service is great!
5	I ate there tonight with my mother in law and wife. I have been here several times and the food is great. The service was good and I enjoy the decor of the restaurant. It doesn't look like much from the outside however when you step inside you can see all the work the owners have done inside. It definitely pays off since one of the reasons I enjoy this restaurant is the atmosphere and artwork on the walls. Their food is top notch with my favorites being their Egg Drop soup and their Fried Tofu with veggies.
4	I have eaten here many times, and especially enjoy the service from the petite asian lady that has served me each time. I always order foods from the lunch menu, and have enjoyed each item. You can eat here inexpensively, and is usually crowded around lunch time.
2	This review is on their pad thai. My friend had told me that they had good pad thai. So we went and I ordered the chicken pad thai. And when it came...SUPER DISAPPOINTMENT! The portion is good but the taste is just awful! They used too much vinegar or something for the pad thai that made it have a sour vinegar taste to it. GROSS. Service was okay. They constantly stopped by our table refilling our water. All in all I've had MUCH BETTER else where! I don't know about the other items on their menu but for their pad thai it's a no. I will not be returning to this place again.
1	I came here back in late January and my friend raved about this place so, our friends all decided to have takeout here. We're ordered crab Rangoon, pad Thai, pad kee Mao, yellow curry chicken, fried rice, etc. I had a taste of everything and I was sooooooo disappointed with everything. I'm from SF and thai food here is amazing!  I was really looking forward to eating this meal until I opened my box and the noodles were so different. It wasn't the wide flat noodles they serve in SF- it was thin flat noodles that were so bland that soy sauce didn't even help boost the flavor. The fried rice was nasty but the curry chicken was the best. I wished I had ordered that instead. The staff were nice enough to call us a cab and give us all the utensil and paper plates needed for our group. The restaurant was cleaned but at the hour of 5:00pm, there was no one dining there a all.
2	I would've given them three but they quietly did not honor the 15% off for dinner for UNLV students which annoyed me to no end. I told the lady while paying that I was a student and she nodded her head assuming I wouldn't notice. I was disinclined to cause a scene because it's finals week and I'm already exhausted.As for the food, it was ok. The fried shrimp appetizer is wrapped in a wonton skin, not as good as breaded shrimp, but not horrible. The yellow curry was decent, not too flavorful, but had a good amount of pork in it. I did like the fact that a large bowl of rice came with the dish. I also had the thai iced tea, again, decent, but nothing special.
2	Nothing special. Nice place on the inside but the food was just ok. I ordered the pad thai and there was just something funky tasting in it, almost like vinegar. It wasn't bad food but I wouln't go there again.
4	Prices here seem about $2 more than any other Thai place, but if the food matches up, then it can be overlooked for the most part. Wandered in for dinner about 9pm and very nice looking employee steered me towards the Singapore Noodles and I substituted chicken for BBQ Pork. This dish is an acquired taste because you have to like yellow curry for it to be effective. THe shrimp and chicken in the dish were both above average with the shrimp stealing the show. The curry flavor wasn't as strong as in some other places which is a good thing and overall the dish was a pretty good rendition of the standard with better meat. It would be better for under $10 which is what most places (especially around UNLV) should be charging. Probably worth another visit though.
5	I love this place.  Just in regards to ambiance, it's really cool with its stone walls and low level lighting.  It is also the best place around UNLV to get lunch, because they have inexpensive and generous lunch specials.  The food is great and the wait staff is usually pretty friendly and fun.
5	my husband and i drive across town just to come eat here.the food is perfectly made for us everytime.the Pad See Ew and Pad Thai are to die for.the calamari is soooo gooodwe see also see regulars that come here alot.it hard to find a great thai place.
3	We eat a lot of Thai food in town and our friends said they loved this place. Tried it out and thought everything was really good. I LOVED the coconut ice cream.The service was great too! Will definitely be back.
2	good Chinese food is apparently as easy to find as good pizza around here. I ordered from here hoping it was better than the subpar place I usually ordered. It was worse. I ill add the following disclaimer: I ordered it for Chinese food. Maybe their thai dishes are better but I'm not going to find out.
1	Use to get their overpriced food for years, until one time when I got delivery. Keep in mind I would drop on an average $50-$100 an order at this place. They knew my name, my order, my voice, I was a regular. So one night I order my usual and spend around $70 plus my usual tip for pick up or delivery $10. I got the pork larb and half of it is purely fat. Nasty! I went back the next day to see if I could get my money back and they refused. I told them about the fat and they said it's always like that (she opened the container and was squeezing the fatty meat) which is bs, because I have ordered that dish so many times from them in the past. They included the throw away pieces for half of my dish and they wouln't give me my money back, which I think now was around $10 give or take. The woman at the front, whom by the way was clipping her finger nails, said I could get something else. I didn't want the food, but my friend told me to just go ahead and get it and maybe I could give it to someone else, but ended up throwing it away since I didn't want to take the chance on someone getting sick. I couldn't believe that they were arguing with me and wouldn't give me my money back especialy since I was such a loyal, good paying customer for so many years. Don't waste your time or money here.
3	This review is for delivery!  Driver was friendly and the food was still hot!Ordered the Pad Kee Mao, asking for 10/10 very spicy....no other way to eat Thai food IMO!  They said they only rank 4/4, so I already knew it wasn't going to be hot lol.  Like what is the difference between a 3 and a 4 spice level?  Fairly spicy to mouth scorching?  LOL anyways...Popped open the top, and I could tell it wasn't going to be very spicy.  I didn't see any hot peppers in there....only bell peppers.  They probably add a little chili pepper to the dish, but it is not fresh like from the peppers themselves....you can tell where the heat comes from.  Another thing jumped out and screamed at me...is that Chinese BBQ Pork?  It even has that fake red searing on it....bummer.Sure enough, it wasn't very hot, I'd rate my 4/4 as a 5/10 in the more authentic Thai spots in town.But the food wasn't bad, just not authentic thai.  If you are looking for authentic, look elsewhere.  Otherwise, you should have a decent meal :)
4	I love this little place! I have been going here for 5 years now and I have never been disappointed. I typically go for their lunch specials, ordering the Pad Thai with beef....delicious! The soup they bring out is very good and varies on the day. My favorite is the egg drop but they are all yummy. The staff is friendly, they don't talk much but are attentive. If you are in the mood for something sweet I recommend the Thai tea.....soooooo gooood!
1	I ordered Pad See Wea with shrimp and some fried rice, we had it delivered my boyfriend started eating the noodles then when I sat down I realized there was chicken in the noodles. I don't eat chicken beef ect only sea food and I made sure to clarify with the person I spoke with on the phone that I didn't want any other type of meat in the noodles and he assured me there would not be. So i called and verified I ordered the correct thing and he said he would have the delivery driver come and get my phone then they would replace it. I found that odd because usually they bring a replacement then take it at that time but I said ok and the driver showed up took my food then returned back to the establishment. About 20 minutes goes by (keep in mind my apartment is RIGHT across the street) I get a call from the establishment saying "what did you order...?" I said "I ordered Pad See Wea with shrimp and some fried rice" he said "well thats what I gave you why couldn't you just pick out the few pieces of chicken" when he said that I got upset and explained that I don't eat any type of meat except sea food and that he reassured me there was only shrimp. I said then if he was unable to meet my request I would like a refund for the noodles only as I had paid for everything already. Once I did that he starting cursing at me and saying I cant have my money back and how Americans have no respect for good food. I obviously hung up and wrote this review he was absurd and I could not believe I was spoken to like that.Save your money people and go else where ]=
3	I used to eat a whole lotta Thai, but I must've wore out that cravinig because I haven't had it in quite some time.  This is my friends favorite spot so I agreed to meet her for lunch.  It's right next to UNLV in a strip mall location.  The place is tiny and looks like a typical tiny Thai restaurant in Las Vegas.  The staff looks Thai to me, too, so I was thinking, this should be BOMB!At the end of the meal, it was so-so.  The service was good and friendly.  They have lunch specials so my friend ordered Panang Curry, and I ordered Red Curry.  They seemed to taste the exact same to me.  In addition, the lunch special comes with a salad, a side of rice, an egg roll, and...two tortilla chips?  The salad was simply some iceberg lettuce with a not-so-appetizing dressing.  The egg roll is tiny and tastes like something you'd buy in the frozen section and microwave at home - all wrap with a little cabbage and carrot inside.  The curry was actually good and had a nice balanced flavor, but I think my homemade curry tops it 100%.Anyway, it was super cheap and though the food was mediocre, the service and company made it a pleasant lunch.
4	Quick and Friendly service!  I work near here and whenever I need a quick Thai fix, I come to King & I.  If you dine in, you would see that they have a lot of regulars here.  I always try to squeeze in a quick lunch with my main squeeze here.  As a matter of fact, this time around I ordered ahead of time, to have more QT with him over lunch.  When we got in, it looked a little busy, but our table was already set up with our food and drinks...WOW!! Soon as we sat down, they came by to ask if we would like anything else to drink other than our water that was already there.  We shared a papaya salad at its spiciest level, they gave me spice levels of 1-4.  I said 3 and it had just enough kick to it.  Papaya salad was very fresh and it was also served with lettuce on the side too.  Jesse N and I both had lunch specials.  I had Shrimp Pad Thai, he had Beef Panang Curry.  Lunch specials are about $7.95-$9.95 a plate.  Served with Won Ton Strips, Eggroll, Salad, Rice and your choice of entree.  Great deal for the price, I'm stuffed writing this review!  My Pad Thai was great tasting, not as spicy as I would like it, but then again, I was so hungry that I didn't even ask for my spices to make it spicier to my liking.  LOL, so yes, spicy wasn't there but that is an easy fix.  I had about 3 big sized shrimps in my Pad Thai, that may sound like a few pieces, but it was the whole shrimp, not shrimp that is all chopped up to say you had shrimp on your plate, and I like to portion out my meat with my fork full of carbs, and it matched up decently.  Tasted the Panang and that was actually flavorful.  I usually don't like panang, but King and I's version is yum!!They also give UNLV students a discount, College Students, that's a score...its conveniently located near campus.
3	This is the first time I have eaten here and I must say, I would go here again. The staff was very friendly and attentative and the atmosphere was delightfully relaxing. I don't like going to restaurants where everything is so bright in there with white walls and white fluorescent lighting. So I enjoyed the darker decor.I ordered the Fried Rice with Beef, Mixed Vegetables with Chicken, and Spring Rolls. Now, I have been craving for Spring Rolls for months and I was glad my cousin picked Thai food to eat before watching Disney On Ice with the kids. The Spring Rolls and Fried Rice with Beef was absolutely delicious. The Mixed Vegetables with Chicken was ok. I expected this dish to be prepared like other Thai restaurants but it wasn't. Don't get me wrong, it was good but I wanted something better. My son really enjoyed it so it was not all that bad.The price of the dishes are fairly reasonable. They do provide you with a lot food for each dish. I would love to go here again, but perhaps order something different than the Mixed Vegetables with Chicken.
5	Quick service, nice staff, and relatively good food. Pad Thai, Mongolian tofu and curry was delicious. I come here rather often for pick up and I intend to continue this tradition because it is awesome!
4	Pretty great food.I had the pannang curry, and it was delicious and creamy.We had also the wontons, and there were a lot, but not incredibly tasty. Not bad though.The service was great, and fast.it was a nice break from the strip.
1	I used to love going to this place but the last couple of times I've been here I've gotten extremely sick! All I ever order is vegatable tofu pad thai and spring rolls so for me to get so sick multiple times makes me worried about why I'm getting sick. Bad food handling or rotten ingredients? I'm not sure but I definitely don't trust it anymore. Too bad, I used to love this place.
4	I really liked this place. I had the lunch special chicken pad thai which came with fried rice, soup, an egg roll, and a small salad. I wasn't a fan of the soup, which was described as a "chicken noodle" (rice vermicelli noodles in a chicken stock with a pitiful amount of small chicken chunks in it)- it was very bland, but I didn't show up for the soup so I wasn't concerned with it. The salad was pretty good- I'm pretty sure it was dressed with some sort of sweet chili sauce vinaigrette which was perfect because I used the leftover dressing at the bottom of my bowl of salad to dip my egg roll. The fried rice was typical, pretty tasty in that bland fried rice kind of way (seriously, I really enjoyed it). The pad thai, although not as good as my mom makes, was pretty darn good. The chicken wasn't over done or dry which was a good sign and I didn't have to ask for any lime which is unheard of. Chao Thai is down the street, and I think their lunch specials might taste a touch better (at least I can say that for their pad thai), their customer service was severely lacking. I'd rather spend my money here.
5	My favorite Thai place in town! I'm a big fan of their Tom Ka and Tom Yum soups as well as their curry selection. The exterior is a little sketchy looking since it's in a run-down supermarket parking lot, but they've done an amazing job with the quirky decor once you're inside and I've always had great service.The reviews seem to be a bit polarized, which is surprising. I've been here countless times and brought others and never had a bad experience. Their curries are not as sweet as some of the Thai restaurants that cater to American preferences, so it may be a matter of taste.
4	Dark location. Nice servers who smile! Come here quite a bit. Pad Kee Mao is spicy and amazing!!! Get dat! Yea!Good ambiance here, not the BEST Thai food but GOOD Thai food if in the area for sure !!
4	Excellent green curry and everything else was tasty. Portions are small... Location is so central and easy to find. Don't be scared by the strip mall appearance.
4	Good business in shady neighborhood. Friendly staff and fast service. I have ordered fried spicy wanton and it was good!
5	love the chicken satay the best in the city and they are always so pleasant and nice here and im addicted to their Thai Tea yummy yummy
5	Amazing food guys, it's a must go!We had chicken fried rice, red curry & eggplant tofu. Everything tasted so good. We are already planning to go back!
3	I always question any restaurant that combines two different style of food and I was right (Thai and Chinese)First customer service was good and the server was really nice and accommodating and she made sure our drinks were always filled.  And that's the best of this place. I order the roughy and I was disappointed. It was drenched in sauce. If that fish was alive, he could have swam in that plate! It was too salty and lacked true flavor. I wished I ordered something else. There were too much ginger and not enough mushroom. My FPIC ordered the pad thai and he said it was good...but it looked sad and  lacked a lot of garnish. The thai ice tea was way too sweet. It was 20% tea and 80% cream....I couldn't finish the drink. I wanted to enjoy this place but it was not appealing to the palate at all.
1	Primo prices for sub-par food. I recommend they change up their menu and pricing. Nothing special about their lunch specials.
1	We've been coming here for 15+ yrs and we USED to love this place. The owners were great and all the servers were nice. Well we went back today, a Saturday afternoon and we were the only people in there, it was dead. We thought that was pretty rare and odd, well we ended up figuring out it's because of their new servers. From the moment we got there the lady was a total witch. Every single thing she did was done with attitude, not once did I see her even try and put on a fake smile at least. We received our food and it was eh, nothing great at all. Not what it used to be or compared to their other locations.  We were so fed up with her that when we were leaving we decided to ask her if she knew what guest/customer service is and she rolled her eyes and just sipped on her drink the whole time. Her name is V or B, so if you get her, I guarantee you will not be satisfied by her service. We're never coming back here.
5	Delicious Thai food! Their lunch specials are around $7 and include a spring roll, salad, and nice portioned entree. If you're a student at Unlv they give a discount too! Their food is delicious and would definitely suggest checking it out if you're in the area (:
4	Excellent green curry and everything else was tasty. Portions are small... Location is so central and easy to find. Don't be scared by the strip mall appearance the interior is cozy and comfortable.
5	This place is TO. DIE. FOR.  If your looking for authentic light Thai cuisine, this the place for you. The owner was so nice and have us personal attention.  I would fly back the Vegas especially for his food.  Extra-special-deliciousness!
1	So I've been here a total of two times . And first impression was eh small business trying to make it maybe ill give it a shot help the people out. Sure why not I'm all for that . However first time I came they were rude, but the amount of food was good for the price. It's located in the Vons center right across the street from unlv , so it's pretty convenient considering I spend most of my time at school. The lunch specials are good, however service is extremely slow. Decorations are nice however I don't think I will comeback due to the horrible service despite the large amount of food and convenience .
1	I've been here quite a few times. I gave this place a chance, I really did. 6+ visits. It seems like a diamond in the rough and that it would of become my new favorite Thai spot, but there are many reasons that this place is lacking, and is best avoided.The first impression of this place was good, it had nice decor and seemed like a very good menu. The Pad Thai is the only good thing I've ever tried here though, the curry is too watery, the tofu too over fried, and there's more onions than anything in the vegetable dishes. One time our rice was even burnt to crunchiness, ew.While that put me off in all of itself, the tipping edge of never returning here is the rude server we seem to always get. Most of the waitresses are nice, but there's always this one waitress(maybe waiter, she sounds like a man) that is rude as all hell when we visited here. She's not friendly to the customers, and slams food and glasses around. Like shit dude, if you don't like your job go get another one and quit making everyone else miserable. While I'll miss the Pad Thai, I'll be finding another Thai spot to replace this horrible restaurant.
2	I'm not sure what to rate it... Everything was so sweet. I love Pad Thai and there Pad Thai was just not doing it. For the price I paid for it was decent I guess I just thought it would be better because of all the good reviews I heard about it. I feel like I just had a sugar rush. And the waitress which I can't blame, was the only one there left our glass empty and did not even refill it. I couldn't drink the Thai tea anymore! It was sweet as wellThe atmosphere and ambience was nice and relaxing.
1	Wish I could rate a zero! Horrible customer service!! The lady who took my order was wrong and she would not own up to it, I asked her to change it and she yelled that she did not misunderstand me that it's my fault, never has anyone been so rude in the customer service, never going to order from here again, and I suggest you don't either!
3	My girlfriend and I come here often for their lunch special because they offer a discount to UNLV students. I usually get one of the three curries they offer and my girlfriend opts for a vegetarian pad Thai. I tend to order the curry because I tried the sweet and sour chicken once and it was unreasonably sweet. My girlfriend loves their egg rolls and pad Thai because they usually customize it to her liking. The real problem here is the wait staff every time I come here I am greeted by a waiters that are rude and apathetic. I try to be a "good customer" but it never seems to help, but when I consider the money I've spent I always leave this place feeling satisfied.Pros:1. Lunch special food is very good considering the price.2. Their curry is delicious!3. The decor is really nice.Cons:1. The waitresses are rude.2. Certain menu items are much too sweet!
1	My experience with the King and I restaurant was disappointing all around. On a Tuesday night, my two entrees and one side took an hour and a half to get to my house, even though the estimated delivery time for my order was 50 minutes. Once the food arrived, I was further disappointed that I was brought egg rolls instead of spring rolls. I hate egg rolls. I would not recommend this restaurant.
1	IF YOURE ALLERGIC, DONT ORDER TAKEOUT FROM GRUBHUB. I put in the special instructions to bring change for $100. The driver and restaurant didn't even know that the field existed.  I'm not upset about that. However, what if I was allergic to something and the didn't read it.  Scary Stuff.
5	What a find! I thought this place was going to be a dive from the looks of the complex, but it really is a diamon in the rough. The food was affordable, fresh and seasoned well and the service was good too. I DEFINITELY plan to come back. Wish I had found this place sooner.
