2	I'll give this place a provisional two.  It's right around the corner from my apartment, and the aromas from the kitchen smell good enough.  The outside (front or back) isn't swarming with bugs or rats or pigeons, which is a good thing, and there's no eau de rancid emanating from any dumpsters, either.However, THIS is a Very Bad Sign:  just tonight, there was a tour bus idling in the parking lot.  This wasn't a performer's crew or road tour bus, but a regular tourist tour bus, which probably means old white folks.  And that just doesn't speak well for the food, if they are bringing in busloads of senior citizen tourists.But then, on the positive side, the menu posted online didn't look too awful, and even had half a dozen things I might order without feeling compelled to simply find the least horrible choice.  Some night when I'm not dragging back from classes sporting rumpled scrubs and a heavy book bag, maybe I'll actually try eating there.
4	I decided to take a study break with a buddy and we shuffled over to Sergio's (I live in the apartment complex right behind).  It was later than I usually eat dinner, but not that late.  It was also Wednesday night, not exactly the busiest of nights in the restaurant business, so the place was nearly deserted.  Service was good and attentive--anything less would have been very noticeable.The bread was good, chewy, almost-sourdough served with pesto butter, light on the pesto.  Nice enough.  The salads were iceberg salads with some tomato and carrot and onion on them and what I think may have been a honey dijon dressing.  Since I don't like salads with lots of "stuff" in them, I was perfectly happy with mine.  I didn't taste my companion's entree--he had the bracciole (sp?) and enjoyed it. But it's my tortellini entree--just cheese tortellini in a cream sauce with pancetta, that is why I rate this place a four.  Let me tell you--it's a cardiologist's nightmare.  I could almost feel my arteries hardening with the first bite.  The cream sauce was rich, thick, and absolutely to die for.  The pancetta made it salty, so for a salt-lover like me (and fortunately I have doctor's orders to eat more salt--honest!), it was perfection.  The only negative thing I have to say about the tortellini in cream sauce is that it's so rich and satisfying that I didn't want dessert afterwards.
3	I would really give this place 3.5 stars.Likes: - the bread was awesome and the butter was of the chain.  I think it has some basil in it.  It was simple italian with nothing extravagant.- The waiter was very tentative and filled my boyfriend's glass of water probably 10 times.  He drinks a lot of water.- the Lasagna was cheesy and meaty just how I like it.  It was well balanced and well-seasonedDislikes: -  Looking at the website turned it off for me.  They need to take it down a notch as it wasn't the most impeccable italian food I've ever eaten.That being said, I would go back for lunch but don't think I'd be willing to pay the dinner prices for what I ate....
5	This place is so authentic, I'm convinced if you tried to ditch the tab, you'd be summarily fitted for a pair of custom-made concrete shoes by a busboy named Rocco, and left to swim with the fishes at the bottom of Lake Hoover.  That said, they really could have tied the room together with a portrait of Jimmy Hoffa.  Probably my only complaint.  I know it's a simple dish, but I dig simple: try the vodka penne here the next time you're in Vegas gambling away the rest of your savings in an ill-fated attempt to survive the Great Recession.  Seriously, this place is ridiculously good.
5	I've been to Italy twice and this still may be the best Italian food I've ever had in my life!  WOW!  This was our first trip to Sergio's but it will be on the agenda every time we make it to Vegas from now on.  It is only about 3 miles from the strip and well worth the trip!  You won't find this quality of food for this price on the strip!
4	I went in for late lunch today and immediately felt a little out of place. The lights were very dim and the place was empty. The waiter greeted me after a moment and assured me they were open. He seated me and held my chair for me in a formal manner.The decor is very "fancy" so I was put off a bit at first, wearing a T-Shirt and Jeans to a place with antique furniture and fancy water glasses. I was put at ease when I saw another couple sit nearby wearing casual clothing.I opened the menu, dreading the high prices that normally accompany fancy water glasses, only to find very reasonable prices! I selected the Portobello Mushroom Ravioli and a Caesar Salad. Both were delightful and the waiter was very attentive and friendly. He may have been faking the Italian accent, but it was a pretty good one, so I won't fault him for it.I suspect this may be a bigger hit for a romantic dinner with your loved one. I just wanted some quick quality pasta for lunch and the Ravioli was definitely better than I expected. The pasta itself was tender and perfectly cooked. The mushrooms were fresh and pungent. The cheese accented them wonderfully. The cream sauce --that I suspect had a marsala base-- linked it all together like a ribbon on a present.I left full, happy, and a little surprised. Despite the upscale decor and excellent service, this place has very good food for a good price!
4	We wanted to go to the pasta shop, but when we got there we found it closed -maybe for good. Based on reviews from other Yelpers we decided to try this. Much different ambiance than the pasta shop bur there was a nice waiter who looked like a cross between John waters and Johnny Depp. They had several specials as well as an extensive menus and the waiter said they could make things like fettucine Alfredo. My husband opted for that and I had lobster ravioli. The meals came with salad or soup although you had to pay extra to upgrade to Caesar salad. The salads were great and quite big. The meals were also delicious although the salad plus the entree was too much food. Our total bill was $60 which seemed like a fair price.  If your are looking for some place to eat off the strip and the pasta shop is still closed try Sergios.
5	I have been to Serigio's several times and never had anything less than a great experience.  The food is delicious, the atmosphere is wonderful, and the service is impeccable.  If you want authentic Italian food and atmosphere, come here for sure!  We will be back many times to come!
1	I came here to eat with my wife over the weekend and can say that up until the point that we were going to pay, everything went pretty well. The service overall was decent but a bit slow, but I guess that's to be expected at an "authentic style" restaurant. Peter the driver/server who picked us up from Cesar's Palace was funny if not a little behind the times with some of his cultural references and Paulo our server was extremely nice. But when the bill came, *Que Nightmare on Elm Street Music* everything changed. First of all, we were informed by the manager John, that we were going to have to wait until the entire restaurant cleared out before we could get a ride back to the Strip. If that was actually printed on their website/pamphlet I could maybe understand. To make matters worse, when we attempted to use a Groupon to pay for a portion of the meal, DENIED.  Our gracious host John thought we were yanking his chain since we didn't have a printed copy. Forget that we showed him on the phone that this wasn't necessary, forget that the printed copy he had said the same thing. I realize that my review should be based on the quality of food and value as well but service is huge and when you don't treat your customers right the other two get thrown out the window. Our whole intention on coming here was to avoid the hustle and bustle of the strip and experience the "real" Las Vegas.  Turns out we just traveled a little further away to eat over priced food and get bad service.
5	This was another groupon adventure...$10 for $20 worth of lunch. I had always been curious if Sergio's was a good restaurant, as I pass it pretty regularly when I'm driving around UNLV...and I was not dissapointed.From the outside, Sergio's looks like it would be an extremely casual neighborhood Italian joint. The kind of place with painted white drywall with huge posters of pizzas on the wall, maybe a TV in the corner playing whatever sports game is on. However, when you go enter the restaurant, it looks SUPER nice inside. Very deceiving.After Dana and I walked in, we were seated by our waitor Francisco. He took our drink order, and brought out a delicious basket of bread with garlic butter and parmesan cheese. The bread tasted so good, we chowed down on two baskets of it.He took our order not too long after. I ordered the Rigatoni Bolognese, and Dana ordered the Chicken Parmesan. The only thing I didn't like about the experience was the sly way Francisco asked if we wanted soup or salad with our meal. He made it sound free, though it was actually $2.99 to add it with an entree. I declined, but Dana ordered the salad...which she said was actually pretty good.The food came, and the Rigatoni Bolognese was AMAZING. The veal could really be tasted in the sauce, which was plentiful on the plate, but not so overwhelming that the pasta dissapeared.The Chicken Parmesan was wonderful at well. The meat was tender and cut easily, and the ample helping of spaghetti that came with it didn't hurt either.Just from these two dishes alone, we were completely stuffed. The cannolis sounded appetizing...but I just couldn't imagine eating anything more that day.I will definently be going back here again :D
5	I HEART SERGIOSThis is my kind of place, I mean its so LOW KEY.  If you are not paying attention, you will miss it. Francisco is always there and knows the definition of SERVICE.  Authentic Italian classics all over the menu.... I dont have a favorite dish here.  EVERYTHING IS GOOD.  However it usually goes down like this...I walk in, Francisco gives me the BEST greeting, i sit down & a glass of PINOT NOIR follows, and its always full if you know what i mean.  I order soup Pasta fagioli or the Italian wedding, whatever feels right that day, then i have a ceaser side salad, then some pasta LIQUINI with Clams is probably what I order the most! I HEART SERGIOS :)
5	O...M...G!Recently hit Vegas with 6 other couples, and we wanted to go out for a special dinner after a Sat. PM show.  We couldn't have picked better.  They picked us up in a courtesy shuttle, stayed open late, served the absolutely best grub I may have ever had, and then shuttled us back at Midnight...with superb service & smiles all around.  The food...oh, the food.  I could not believe the overall freshness, quality & originality.  Our shuttle driver told us that the same chef has been here for over 18 years, they consistently get high ratings, and wow....no hype here.A couple of miles east of the Strip on Tropicana.  Worth the drive or cabfare.
4	Great place for a date night or small group. Its very quiet and the few times I was there, kinda empty. But don't let that fool you. The host was very friendly and knowledgeable and the waiter was authentic Italian and made you feel like you were really in Italy. Everyone was extremely professional and friendly, and to add to that, the food is amazing.Beef carpaccio was excellent, as well as the fresh mozzarella on the caprese! I came this last time with a large group (8 people) for a birthday party (which is not recommended, by me anyway) so I got to try a lot of dishes....Capelli d'Angelo in Salsa Cruda - Very bright, fresh and light compared to some of the heavier pastas. Delicious!Penne alla Vodka - Classic, but done right. Very flavorful.Gnocchi alla Toscana - Oh yes!! Smooth, flavor, flavor, flavor, delicious!Tortellini with prosciutto, mushroom & shallots - Probably my favorite!! Anyways, this place is pretty expensive which sucks because the decor, location, and atmosphere doesn't say "expensive". Get a certificate from Restaurant.com to relieve some wallet stress.
4	Delicious!!! This place was definitely an authentic Italian restaurant. I ate here after a wedding for a reception, the service was absolutely spot on and amazing. Professional and friendly. Always were re filling wine and waters, and the food was delightful! The ceasar salad was perfect, the bread and pesto butter was yummy! We also had pasta and a chicken dish. We ended up being so stuffed no one could fit dessert. Great place to go that is off the strip
5	Wrapped up another class for work at MGM Grand at noon, I called Sergio's Italian Gardens to see if they will honor their dinner Groupon if I order off of their dinner menu, otherwise I would just make a dinner reservation.  I was told they would accept that and to just stop by since they are not busy right now.10 minutes later, with the aid of the GPS, I successfully navigated my way to the restaurant, which appears to be in front of a apartment complex. Talk about mixed use-zoning being implemented a few decades ahead of its time!Anyway, the restaurant was fairly deserted when I arrived for lunch. There were a table of 3 ladies out during lunch break to celebrate a birthday. And before I was done with my lunch, an elderly couple came in.  So if you would like to enjoy a good quiet meal during lunch, Sergio's Italian Gardens is highly recommended.They have the best fried calamari I have had in Las Vegas. The cooks that prepared it obviously have mastered it. I would come back here for that alone!The seafood pasta entree that I ordered off of the dinner menu was superb.  The pasta was cooked just right, garnished with generous amounts of seafood (shrimps, scallops, mussel, clams) all cooked to perfection.  Totally worth every penny.Service was friendly, attentive and not overbearing.  My waiter was obviously an old pro, and it was a pleasure to dine here. The experience was absolutely fantastic from the moment I made the call to the moment I left.  It is an older restaurant in not the best part of Las Vegas, but it is highly recommended for locals and tourists looking for good Italian food.  It is not far from the Strip, and really close if you are staying at MGM Grand, City Center, The Cosmopolitan and Planet Hollywood.Ambiance:  4/5 Not as great during lunch, but will likely be much better during dinner.Decor:  4/5  Feels a bit dated, but you can't eat the mural on the wall.Food:  5/5  Simply delicious!Price:  4/5  Fairly priced for the quality food you are served.Service:  5/5  With a little imagination you almost can feel you are having a fabulous Italian meal served to you at a coastal villa in southern Italy by an attentive butler.Parking:  5/5  Plentiful during lunch, probably not an issue during dinner.High 4 stars rounding up to F-I-V-E Yelp stars.
4	Very nice place to eat..... Great atmosphere and freindly staff. Recommend everyone to experince Sergio's Italian Gardens. Al A
5	Love, love love this restaurant.  Needed a place to hold my sons wedding reception.  I picked this place based on others' review on yelp.  I could not have done better nor can I give enough kudos to this place.  Everything from the time we arrived till the end of the reception was exceptional.   The food was amazingly good, especially the calamari and the vodka penne were my favorites.  But we ordered the wedding cake from them and I must say it was the best cake I've ever had in my life and I am in my sixties so that is saying alot.  Peter our waiter was exceptional.  Try this place you won't be disappointed.
5	Best Italian food I've had in the past 15 years. HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE!
4	Fernando took great care of us. Since we like most Italian food, we let him pick for us. It wasn't exactly my first choice, but we wanted to try something new. The lemon chicken was flavorful, tender and yummy. A little heavier on the lemon than I usually like. The pasta with vodka sauce was good too, but not something I would have usually picked. The calamari was awesome! Light, flavorful and not rubbery at all.The bread was warm and fresh. The salad was average. A nice touch we got was sorbet at the end of the meal.The decor was nice, the service was awesome. Just wish I had a chance to go back and try a different dish.
5	We ended up at Sergio's on accident.  We were driving around looking for a place to eat with our three year old and stumbled upon this amazing GEM!  We walked in to a virtually empty restaurant and I was initially nervous!  We were seated and greeted by our waiter John who was so attentive and helpful!  He was very friendly and didn't bat an eye when he saw our toddler.  We ordered the appetizer special - it was amazing.  The best salami I have ever tasted and the balsamic was so tasty.  I told my husband I plan to try to re-create it when we get home!  We ordered our entrees and something for our son.  Yolanda, John's assistant, brought out some cherries for our son.  He was thrilled and we thought it was quite nice of her.  Our ceasar salads were amazing.  I thought the dressing was so yummy and my husband said he thought it was a bit fishy.  He managed to eat it all so it couldn't have been that bad!  For dinner I had the chicken parmesan and my husband had the lobster ravioli.  Both were amazing!  The chicken was not over friend, it was tender and so tasty.  My husband's entree was also so good.  After dinner Yolanda brought out some gelato for our son who was in heaven!!  This place is amazing and we will absolutely be back when we come back to Las Vegas!
5	Wife & I ate there on my B'day (3/8). We had the pasta F soup and the chicken parmagian . WOW The soup was great and the chicken was moist and tender. We also had the angel hair on the side. The meal was inexpensive.Peter was our waiter and was really nice and the guy at the front John was very nice also. We like to go to restaurants that are off the strip because that's where the good food is. If you get to Vegas and want some great Italian food this is the place to go. We plan to go back again and again.
4	The bread was blase, but the vegetables were among the best as well as the salmon and then the tiramisu was the best I've ever had, they make it on site. The service was over the top, the atmosphere is light and airy, the menu is veal heavy and I loved my experience here. There was a nice gentleman playing piano and lots of wait staff. My only niggle....one of the wait persons was wearing too strong a cologne and the bread could be a lot better very easily. I will definitely go again.
4	My wife and I went here for an nice anniversary dinner. It was delightful! The place was empty, except for a wedding in the back.I had the Lemon Chicken which was excellent! My wife enjoyed the Gnocchi. A very nice place, clean, with very helpful and friendly staff. The menu was very Italian-focused and everyone could find something to eat and enjoy.Also enjoyed the piano music played through dinner.Highly recommended!
1	the soup and salad were goodthe entrees were mediocrethe prices were strip highthere are many better choices
5	Sergio's is not in our neck of the woods, but we came here with a restaurant.com certificate that we bought quite a while ago.  Another couple joined us, and it was a first time for them, too.  The inside of the restaurant is a beautiful, old world design, complete with pillars; it made me feel as if we were in Italy.  I was sorry to see that it was nearly empty at prime dinner hour, but then saw it quickly populated by two different Japanese tour groups; the first headed to a back room and the second group sat in the main dining room.  (Aside:  They were NOT given menus, which is why I never travel on tours!).Our waiter, Wes, was excellent.  Oh, he was a bit too pushy on the upsell, but then again, our friends were served the lower-priced chardonnay when they ordered without realizing there were two differently-priced ones to choose from.  Wes obviously has been at the restaurant for quite a while; his presentation of the specials was polished, and his service was wonderful without being intrusive.All four of us ordered chicken dishes, all different.  I had the Marchegiana, which had roasted red peppers and mozzarella in a light orange-colored wine sauce.  My husband had Marsala, and it was covered with an abundance of dark, earthy mushrooms.  The other hubby, Mr. Unadventurous, stuck with his usual Chicken Parmegiana.  He has special blinders that let him see only that dish on the menu, and this time he had no complaints.  His wife ordered a lemon chicken dish; she liked it, but pronounced it a little too lemony.  Um, maybe that's why they call it Lemon Chicken?A good, crusty bread, made in-house, was served with a delicious pesto butter.  I would have preferred it in the usual baguette style, instead of the thin loaf-like slices, but it tasted great anyway.The grand piano was put to good use by a player who's been around since before the Mob.  Happily, it wasn't so loud that we couldn't have a conversation, so it definitely enhanced the experience.My major complaint is that, like so many other restaurants, the prices on their website are not updated, so it was an unwelcome surprise to see them all $3-4 higher than posted online, though still moderate by Vegas standards.  But with the discount, it was still reasonable for a wonderful meal with great service in a classy setting.
5	So 15 years ago, after reading a zagat review, we went to Sergio's for dinner and had a wonderful experience. I live in the LA area, and over the years when we go back to LV, we have always thought about going back to Sergio's, but for one reason or another, we had never gone back.Last week, my wife and I spent three nights in LV, and we made it a point to go back. I of course, read the Yelp reviews, and was happy to see that our wonderful  experience had not been a fluke as there are dozens of raving reviews.We came in for lunch and right away were greeted by Francisco. He told us he had worked there since the restaurant opened in 1993. We confided that we had  last been there in 1997 and had had a wonderful meal. Francisco made sure that same experience was duplicated. He recommended the Caesars salad which we found to be delicious, fresh snapping romaine, shaved parmesan, and the dressing was delicious.I ordered the Pollo alla Parmigiana. This was a chichen breast sautted in a Pinot Grigio wine sauce with mushrooms, caper and lemon. The sauce was outstanding. It was simply delicious.My wife ordered the Linguine with clams and clam sauce. We have found it very difficult to find a restaurant who prepares this dish well. Aside from Carmine's in Pasadena.  I have to say that Sergio's rendition was even better than Carmine's. Here again, the sauce was flavorful and delicious.Good ambiance, great service by Francisco, great food, wonderful experience. It wont take another 15 years for us to come back.
5	Wife & I went there for her B'day. This was our 2nd time. Our waiter Francisco was great. We had the Pasta e Fagioli soup and then we shared the chicken parmigiana. Both dishes were great. Francisco was very attentive and professional and not overbearing. The bread was crisp and the butter was good. This is our place to go to whenever we're in Vegas. To us this Italian restaurant is a lot better than the ones that are in the hotels. It pays to come here.
5	Whoa Yelp.. it's been awhile.  Nothing better to rekindle the Yelp flame with Sergio's Italian.  One of the best Italian restaurants in town and, most arguably, some of the best Italian food I've ever had.  Our waiter Wes was excellent and kept us entertained throughout the night.  He had some great wine pairing recommendations and my Fiancee and I happily obliged with his recommendations for the night.  The food was great and the atmosphere was definitely excellent.  Plus, they had fresh batches of pumpkin cheesecake on hand for dessert made up by the chefs themselves.  Great experience, definitely coming back again!!
1	Worst restaurant experience I have ever had. After telling us that a cook had called in sick and that it shouldn't be too long for dinner, it took over 2 HOURS to get our food. The Alfredo sauce needed a handful of salt for flavor. We had over a $600 check and the manager barely aplolgized. Sadly I say goodbye to Sergio's.
5	Great food - salad, bread, linguini with clams and chicken machiaggano Service was very attentive. @Would definitely recommend. Prices around $25 complete.
5	I have been here a few times for dinner, and it's consistently good. The pasta is fresh and surprisingly light. Amazing sauce! The service is always attentive but not overbearing. It's off the strip, but worth the drive or cab fare.
5	Love this place, love everything about it. Old school Vegas, fantastic food, great service, nice piano music, relaxed atmosphere. Try the lobster ravioli, gnocchi, antipasto, caesar salad.
5	I have to add my five stars to the reviews for Sergio's.  Five friends and I had dinner there a few days ago and we ALL loved it.  FOOD:  I had the special, Linguine Pescatore (assorted seafood, scallops, shrimp, mussels, calamari) in a special sauce over linguini.  This is probably the best pasta dish I've had in a long time.  It was not only incredibly flavorful but the seafood was fresh, just enough sauce and a very large portion.  Pricey at $38 but well worth the price.  The others in my group had Eggplant with Chicken, Veal Picatta, and a beef dish but can't remember what it was.  Everyone was especially pleased.  The salad came with what the owner/waiter described as one of the best creamy Italian dressings in town.  He was absolutely right.  Don't miss the fresh, and perfectly dressed salad with a dressing to die for!!SERVICE:  Okay here's where it goes downhill.  We like having a leisurely drink before ordering but we had to wait, not only to order when we were ready, but for our dinners to be served because there was a party of 15 in the back room that obviously got top priority.  Not a big deal for us but we did wait a very long time.  AMBIENCE:  Not  a particularly warm and cozy place but nicely decorated . Our party had to put their jackets back on because it really was cool in there and the waiter said the a/c was not on.  However the temp aside it is not what you'd call an intimate atmosphere.  The food more than makes up for it so put on a sweater, save the romance for later and get yourself to Sergio's for an excellent dining experience.  We are definitely returning.
1	My husband and I recently had a destination wedding in Las Vegas and chose to have our reception dinner at Sergio's Italian Gardens.  The website says that they'll make sure it's an event to remember... and boy were they right!  It was the worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant.  And I will ALWAYS remember that they ruined my wedding day!  I must give them credit on the food though... the food was great.  That was the only positive thing about it.  We should have known from the start that we wouldn't be taken care of.  I filled out the online banquet form a couple of months ago and a few days later when we hadn't heard anything back, we decided to call.  We had to call over the span of a few days because either no one would answer the phone or the person answering would just simply tell us that the person that handles that is not here.  Finally we got in touch with someone and let them know our menu choices and paid the $500 deposit ($250 of which went towards the private room we requested).  Three days before the wedding we called back to confirm the number of guests that would be attending and to ensure that everything was good to go.  We were told that everything was good to go and that everything would be taken care of.We arrived at Sergio's (the restaurant was very empty on a Saturday night so we were already a little reserved about how it was going to be) and they immediately tried to sit us at a table in the dining room with other guests even though we had paid $250 for a private room.  We told them that since the restaurant was so empty that we didn't mind sitting there, to just reimburse us the $250 private room fee.  The waiter told us that since we signed a contract that we had to abide by it and sat us in the private dining room... no big deal.  Once in the private room the waiter immediately began handing out menus, which confused us because we chose a pre-selected, family style banquet menu... well I guess the manager FORGOT to mention to the staff that there would be a wedding coming in and they didn't prepare our menu!!!!  I guess it's a good thing I decided against getting my cake through the restaurant and ordered one through our chapel because they would have FORGOTTEN to make our wedding cake!  So the guest has to abide by the contract, but the restaurant doesn't.... awesome!  We were all hungry so we decided to just have everyone order off of the menu.  The food came and the food was delicious.  We have no complaints about that piece.Sergio's also advertises a complimentary shuttle service to and from hotels on the strip... when the time came for us to finally leave that awful dining experience we asked for the shuttle to take us back to our hotel.  We were told that they did not have a shuttle and that they would call us cabs instead.  Whenever it was mentioned to them that they advertised a shuttle on their website and that they needed to honor that all of a sudden they went outside and started the van that they use to shuttle guests!!!Worst.wedding.reception.EVER!And to make matters worse, we never heard from the manager afterwards apologizing for their gagglef*ck of a restaurant.I WOULD recommend this restaurant to eat in for a nice night out... but don't book your wedding reception there... they will ruin what is supposed to be the happiest day of your life.
1	Okay, I do not hand out one stars very often... Here goes:First I want to say we were a party of 7 and there was a 2 top that was there and a 8 top that already had their food. Food: Last time I checked there weren't potatoes in Minestrone soup. However my vegetable soup (Minestrone) had decent flavor, not very many vegetables. My husband had the special, Linguine Pescatore (assorted seafood, scallops, shrimp, mussels, calamari)... he ate it all no complaint. My cousin had some Angel Hair Pasta dish, one bite pushed it aside and wouldn't take another bite. What kind of waiter doesn't inquire what is the matter? (she was worried about sending food back) My friend said the meatballs had good flavor. Another said the Veal Parmesan was really salty. Service: There was a guy, I think he was the Busser, he had a pony-tail. He was very helpful and ran his tail off. We waited a really long time for our food. It did warn us on our menu that the food takes awhile  because it's made to order... I get that, but it was longer than I have EVER waited. Our Waiter was not very helpful and only saw him 2 times... he took our order and brought our check. (I will get to that later)Beverages: House Cabernet at 9.00 a glass... I probably could have bout the case at Costco for that price.  Not the most generous pour, then again why would I want more of it. My husband and another gentleman had 6 beers (total)  54.00 before tax and tip. There are no prices on their beer selection. Now this is where the real issue comes in... They do not have a computer, so the writing on the check is really messy. If we didn't try to separate our check ourselves we wouldn't have noticed that they charged us for 8 meals instead of 7. He took the check and counted the meals on the check and then pointed his finger as if a teacher in pre-school counting the 7 of us. I think I can count, he served us, he should know how many of us there was. I am hoping it was an accident. My issue is that he only brought out 7 plates... he didn't even bring us 8. So I am questioning his honesty. Then he deducted the 24.00 for the mistake from the total. I had to ask him to deduct the tip and tax for the meal also. Bottom line, if one of the guys that he gave the check to just slapped down his credit card without looking the waiter could have pocketed another 26.50, besides that 51.00 he got for the tip that was added in. Service was terrible,  Most of the food not worth they money. Atmosphere was super quite and dreary. I found this place on Yelp, I am very disappointed fellow Yelpers!!!!
5	I and my family went there for my sister's wedding reception dinner.  She'd picked the place out online, and made all the arrangements that way.  We had no idea what to expect, but everything went smoothly.  The service and the food were AWESOME.  The staff was very attentive and accommodating.  They even sent a shuttle to pick up the wedding party and several other guests (we were staying at the Mandalay Bay).  I would highly recommend it for special events; I'm sure going for dinner is just as good.  Thanks, Sergio's
4	Great Italian Food.  We wanted to take a break from strip life and wander a little bit from the hustle and bustle of that area.  I had a restaurant.com coupon for this place and we decided to give it a try (we being me and my hubby of course!)When we arrived, we were the only ones there.  I don't know about you, but I hate eating at places where there is nobody there (except for the staff).  Just kind of creeps me out.But we were greeted and seated by a nice gentleman who wished us happy anniversary and got our drinks started.  Soon the thought of eating alone quickly vanished as we were brought our drinks and delicious bread and butter.  Our waiter made a few suggestions and we started off with the beef carpacio.  This was very good, as I am a huge fan of this dish at other restaurants.My husband ordered the fettucini alfredo and I had some sort of seafood pasta (Can't remember the exact name).  It was all delicious.  Flavors were very good and it tasted like authentic Italian food (yes I have been to Italy twice).  When we were presented with the bill an 18% gratuity was added.  I'm not sure if I read this in the fine print of the restaurant.com certificate.  I was more than willing of course to give 20% gratuity, but I absolutely hate it when a restaurant feels the need to impose a mandatory gratuity.  This is my only gripe honestly.  The restaurant itself was very nice, dated, but nice.  It is a very intimate and inviting atmosphere and I recommend anyone on a first date, second date or 100th date to come and check this place out.
5	Me and a friend went here for dinner after he lost a bet on the pool table. The place was very quiet and not busy at all because it was fairly late on a week night. Service was fantastic but the food was phenomenal. I certainly would recommend it and had no complaints at all except my friend who was a bit sore from losing the bet, I am sure my meal tasted better since it was free. Haha.
4	I went for a drive and decided to splurge since I wanted to check this place out for a very long time. I was greeted and seated right away. My waiter was an absolute doll his name was Luis. He was funny and professional looks like Al Pacino.  The crusty bread was fresh and warm, the butter chilled. The soup was good. The coffee very good. I ordered the veal parmesan which was amazing. I don't know what it is with Vegas and Italian restaurants but they always seem to skimp on the pasta? There was plenty to eat, but usually old school Italian places give enough to feed an army and you just take the rest home. But in this case it's because the veal is huge, two large pieces with fresh cheese. No cheap imitation patties in grease here, this is the good stuff. You won't go home hungry and will probably have leftovers.The Tiramisu was over the top amazing. My aunt is gonna love it. I think I will have to starve for about 3 days now... it was just really that good. The prices are not low, but I went on a Saturday night and you do get what you pay for which is all you can ask really. So this isn't a rip off tourist place like a lot in this city are.  I assume they have lunch specials which I'll take family to when I get the chance. Cute inside, very fun and Italian. Nice for dates and small groups. Lunch with friends. Nice to see REAL Italian food here and not egg noodles and ketchup ...And the bathroom was clean, just sayin.. :) I would give a 4 1/2 if I could.
5	Best veal osso buco I've had outside of Italy!!
5	Great food ... Great service what a hidden gem off the Strip in Vegas
1	I have eaten dinner here 5 times. Through the first four experiences were all "Fantastic"... the best Osso Buco. Now after visit #5 (last Thursday night) I want to call all those I have bragged about Sergio's to and tell them not to bother. Not to bother just like the none existent service and the new nasty aroma of aged filth when you walk in the door. Peter the accommodating past waiter, where did you move to dude? Our waiter (the bald guy) watched me down my drink and never asked if i am ready for another... he walk away toward the cavernous emptiness of the dinning room unconcerned. The other waiter also passed by our table several times and offer no attention to our empty drinks or waters (yeah I'll drink the water when my beer is long gone).The food finally shows after 35 minutes (no prob, my wife and i are enjoying each others company) and then "Presto!" the amazing Osso Buco that drew me back appears, BUT no, this time something is just not right... it had a slimy texture under the flavorless sauce and the bone marrow different... not sure why the change, also my wife's chicken was old & dry not the memorable caesar of past... fast forward to later at the house, BINGO- food poisoning. Dang!!! Never again.
5	All I can say to Sergio's Italian Garden is: THANK YOU!  On Saturday night we had a group of 14 have dinner at Sergio's.  I was the only local in the bunch with the rest from Dallas.  Sergio's sent a van to pick everyone up at the hotel which was great to say the least!  Dinner was absolutely superb, with appetizers, entrees, dessert, wine, drinks, coffee, being nothing but the freshest and  finest!  The food was so fresh and light in taste, not heavy like most Italian.  Absolutely delicious!  AND, the service.  What can I say about the service?  Outstanding!  We were so well taken care of, even when more and more wine was poured and things got a little louder.  We were celebrating about 5 birthdays!  Needless to say, Sergio's ranks right up there with the finest restaurants in Vegas and I hope everyone gives them a try.  We will definitely be back.
5	We have been to Sergio's a couple of times and have never been disappointed.  The fried calamari is the best in town.  Our waiter Herb, suggested the Seafood Pasta and the Oso Buco  and it was excellent.  Great Drinks, and Great Food,  Save room for the Desserts.  Definitely coming back and looking forward to it.
2	Thought we'd try this place after passing it for years and reading all these glowing yelp reviews....we waited at least 5 minutes after walking in to be acknowledged.  Seemed like forever.  After being seated, it was probably 10 minutes before we were able to make a drink order.  Without a wine list.  There were 2 servers that I saw in the building, that's it.  No manager, no busser, no bartender.  These 2 were working the entire restaurant.  Keeping that in mind, still was disappointing.  Food was good, but very slow coming.  Service was even slower.  We could have come at a bad time, but it was during the dinner hour and there should have been more help.  Wine glass was empty for quite a while, and I had to flag our server down for another.  Didn't feel "attended to" in other words.  I'll give them the benefit of the doubt as I am in the hospitality business too, but things could have been much better....
4	I have dined at Sergios many time. The food is always good. Sometimes they have large parties that come in by bus unexpectedly so there can be a challenge for the waiters.  Dessert is always good.  Eclectic place, very old Vegas. One waiter names Wes is exceptional! Two other older gentlemen are ok but prefer not to have them. They replaced two very eclectic previous waiters who were a hoot, one was a German former actor and the other a dancer and lover of old movies.  I must say I MISS the other two waiters as you really got the feel of Vegas with them!  EVERY time we eat here we say why is WES working there as he should be at a busy, upscale place.  You never know from one time to the next if there will be busloads of people or just a couple of people in the whole place.
5	After several days of business meetings in Vegas, my boss selected Sergio's as the venue for our team celebration dinner last Friday night. Our group included a total of 10 people, and although we did not make a reservation until Friday afternoon, Sergio's was very accomodating. They quickly and kindly responded to my email inquiry, confirming our reservation. Their website mentions that they provide complimentary transportation to and from the strip, so I called to make an arrangement with the driver. The gentleman who answered the call said that they typcially require 24-hours' notice for shuttle pickups, but that he would do his best to have one of the servers help us, which he did. I got a phone call about 15 minutes before our reservation from Herb, our server, saying that he would be waiting for us at our hotel valet stop. When we met him there, he was all politeness and good humor, joking with us as he helped us into the van that the restaurant uses as a shuttle. A short drive away from the strip (I think it was between 5 and 10 minutes), we arrived at Sergio's and Herb welcomed us warmly to the lovely dining room. Another gentleman (also very welcoming) ushered us to our seats at a long table that they had set perfectly and placed near the piano, at which a pianist sat and played beautifully throughout the evening. Although the place was not very crowded, it still felt cozy and intimate. It was absolutely spotless in terms of cleanliness; the decor and ambience were truly charming, with real candles lit on every table in use. The menus provided an abundance of delicious options for our meal, but Herb himself recommended a Seafood Pasta dish and the Oso Buco (which apparently they make in house over a course of 5 hours). My boss (a very well-traveled man, who has a refined palate and deep appreciation for high-quality food) ordered the Seafood Pasta and told me afterwards that it was not only the highlight among all his meals that week in Vegas, but also one of the best dishes he had ever enjoyed in his life. That compliment meant a great deal coming from him, especially after a week full of outstanding meals, in addition to bread, appetizers, and salad immediately preceeding our entrees at Sergio's. The bread disappeared very quickly, and the appetizers themselves could have been our dinner. We ordered the fried calamari (which Herb quite rightly called the best in town), the sauteed calamari (another recommendation from Herb), and the grilled vegetables platter that came with prosciutto and tomato with mozzarella. Everything was positively mouth-watering. My personal favorite was the sauteed calamari with its phenomenal sauce that was savory without being overly salty. The grilled vegetables were also perfectly done, such that the smoke and heat served to enhance all of the inherent flavors rather than overwhelm them. Everyone enjoyed each dish immensely and already began to wonder whether we would be able to finish our meals. When the house salads that came with every entree arrived, they were the ideal light and crisp interlude between the appetizers and main dishes. I would usually skip the house salad, which tends to be boring and flavorless at many restaurants, but this one was actually good enough to stand alone. I would recommend it as an entree for someone looking for a small portion / low-calorie option with plenty of taste to it. When the table was once again clear (which the servers did a fantastic job of throughout the evening - and our water glasses were never empty), Herb and several other servers brought out our entrees all at once (so we did not have to sit waiting for anyone while the dishes that came out first got cold). We were all thrilled with our choices. My dish, Pollo alla Marchigiana, was absolutely excellent. The chicken and eggplant were tender and juicy, and the sauce was so addictive that I ended up dipping the carrots and broccoli that came as a side on the plate into every last drop of it. The plate also came with a small piece of polenta, which I had never tried before, but was good (if not quite as amazing as the rest of the meal). Some green beans and a peeled, boiled potato remained uneaten on my plate, as I was simply too full to finish everything. After the table was clear once more (albeit littered with several to-go boxes), Herb cheerfully asked if we had saved room for dessert and showed us a tray of their dessert choices. We all deeply regretted that we had not saved room, because they all looked sinfully good. My colleagues who had ordered Herb's specialty, a Pomegranate Martini, also thought those were fantastic. While Herb drove us back to our hotel, he continued to joke with us and gave us some knowledgeable recommendations about shows to see and nightclubs to visit. The next time we make a trip to Vegas, you can be sure that we will revisit Sergio's with pleasure and ask for Herb in particular.
4	Great Italian food in Las Vegas. Never been disappointed here
5	We vacationed in Las Vegas for Christmas and had dinner here Christmas Eve.  It was one of the best Italian Dinners we've had.  Everything was home made and the service was phenomenal.  The lasagna and seafood ravioli was fantastic.  Save room for the chocolate fudge cake which is one of the best chocolate cakes we've had. We only wish we had something similar at home.
5	Caesars salad was great! Added a side of anchovies and they were terrific. Dinner included the veal piccata with capers and lemon sauce. Great flavor to savor. Atmosphere was enjoyable with piano in the background. Service was attentive and pleasant.
5	delicious clam-seafood pasta... chase with the pinot grigio. customer service was excellent, clear and concise menu... description easily understood. wonderful ambience... live piano and lighting is not too dark or too bright.
4	Great food, old vegas feel. Try the pennealavodka or the steak. Amazing. Wes is the waiter to ask for!
5	I was at a friends house on the east side and we both got hungry.  The conversation came down to what we felt like eating.  We agreed "Italian" and then got online and looked at what was within a fairly short range and picked Sergio's without knowning anything about it.When we pulled up and I saw the kind of strip-mall appearance we walked up, read the menu, walked next door, read the menu and then decided to stick with the original plan.The food was GREAT!   I make Oso Buco at home and have never had it better so I don't order it in restaurants but my dining partner did and raved.  My veal was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  No flaws from this foodie.I was really really surprised giving the "unassuming" exterior to have such a good meal... but honestly, the waiter was so good with his timing, humor and just general fun that's what made the meal.   He brought us some sort of dessert wine I can't remember.  Sounded italian anyway!  It was good but very different flavor than I've had before and photobombed me with a glass in hand as he was tasting it with us.  It's amazing how something a step above can make a great meal even better.  (and of course I believe in tipping well and in cash to support the exception!)I would definitely go again.P.S.  I was kind of surprised to see a couple of bad reviews.  I really hope whatever went wrong were very isolated incidents because my experience was quite good.
5	This is a hidden gem that you MUST try if you're in the mood for Italian.  Everything we ate was fantastic, as was the service. Vegas is definitely on spot with its's food game.  FYI...  Week nights equals no wait.
3	I will need to try this place again.  Nothing so far of what I ordered has been a standout.  I didn't try their dessert either.  I will be back.  From what I have experienced a good place to have Italian.
5	Amazing Italian. Very pretty place hidden from tourists. A local spot and hidden gem.
3	The food is excellent but the service leaves a bad taste in your mouth.  Definitely not a kid friendly place.
5	My husband and I recently had our Wedding reception at Sergio's.  My husband is Italian and with a very Italian family the food must amazing.  Well I can tell you it was, plus more!  The food was beyond our wildest expectations.    The service was spot on, the room looked great and everyone had a blast.  I have never been to a reception where the food was THAT good. All of our friends and family raved and keep raving about it!  Rosele and her staff are truly top notch.  If you want really good and true Italian food this is the place to go!
2	We arrived at 9:30. The restaurant closes at 10. The first thing  our server tells us is, "the chef leaves in 20 minutes." Not a good thing to say. The food? The salad was wilted and obviously old lettuce. The chicken marsala was a little on the salty side but not bad. Not memorable to say the least. I ordered lobster ravioli which was not on the menu and it was very good. Bread was nice and crusty and served with basil butter. Veggies were cooked perfectly. We felt rushed during the whole meal. One server tried to take my husband's plate before he was even done eating! Despite the rush to finish eating, they never even brought us our check as they were too busy closing the the restaurant. We had to walk up to the hostess counter to pay. We were in and out of there in 45 minutes. We will not be returning. Giving 2 stars only because some of the food was pretty good.
1	My wife and I came here to celebrate her birthday on Friday night. We have been here quite often, as we feel that this is some of the best Italian food in Vegas. She ordered the chicken franchisee, her favorite. I had the linguine in white wine sauce, with fried calamari as an appetizer. Her meal and the appetizer were good, but my clams were gritty. The downfall was the service. Absolutely horrible. First, the waiter took my wife's drink order. She only wanted water to start, a bottle of pana for the table. The waiter rolled his eyes, asked if we wanted an adult beverage (my wife said no, just water to start) and walked away. Never even as much as looked at me. Next, we ordered. My wife requested no polenta, which is only a garnish. The waiter rolled his eyes at that, asking if we knew what it was. Of course we do. She simply doesn't like it. My wife ordered a side of angel hair pasta. We never received it - and couldn't get it in a timely fashion. Why? Because our waiter apparently went home for the night after taking our order. Never told us. Just left. And no one else came to check on us or even bus our table. We had to call another waiter over who reluctantly grabbed her side  dish, after she was finished with her main course for quite some time. We requested to speak with the manager at the end. "Sorry about that. Can I send you home with a tiramisu to make up for it?" Was all he said. And it felt as if we were annoying him by complaining. Mind you, we are not demanding customers. My wife is in the service industry, and we do our best to be polite and tip well. However, neither of us have had a worse experience in recent memory. We won't be back here any time soon.
3	This was my second time eating here. Although the food is great I must say tonight was disappointing. Our food took over 30 min just for the apps. And another 30 for the check. The quality of food is top notch. But the portion sizes are circa 1985. Every table I saw leaving had doggie bags.
5	For a business that's been a Vegas staple, this place was almost empty at 8pm on a Friday night. I don't know why? The food was unbelievable! I had some appetizers, the calamari was perfectly done, golden yellow batter, I could tell that the oil was fresh. It tasted like it was just caught. Then on to the Veal Oso Buco, wow, I've had it before and swore never again, well I'm glad that I did it again. It's so good! If your a big eater, there is plenty. I'll bet you can't finish it. It comes with a side of fettuccine and all of it is dressed in homemade red sauce. After dinner I was very full, but ordered two deserts, the chocolate cake-huge and outstanding, the tiramisu-huge and also outstanding.  Their chef is world class, the owner Rosele is beautiful, polite and very accommodating lady. I had some drinks at the bar before my girlfriend and her parents showed up, Rosele was nice enough to hangout and talk to me until they arrived. I had even forgot to ask for an itemized bill, so I emailed her the next day and she emailed me a copy of it pronto! Thank you Rosele, and keep up the great work, you've got a great place, great people and fantastic food. I'll be back! TD
4	It was Valentine's Day, so a special menu was served.  And, it featured some fine choices.As reported by others, the Calamari Fritti was first rate--light, neither rubbery nor tough, and served with great Pesto Butter.  Spicy Bruschetta with diced tomatoes was also excellent, followed by a very good Minestrone Soup with fresh slices of potato and grated Parmesan Cheese obtained on request.  Along with good complimentary crusty bread, these starters were followed by a topnotch Buffalo Mozzarella Caprese Salad, which was the best I have ever experienced to date, featuring ceramy Mozzarella and tomatoes on a bed of fresh organic field greens.  As my main, an excellent 4-sheet-high and cheesy Lasagna with mild-tasting Meat Sauce sufficed nicely.  What impressed me the most was spot on seasoning applied in the kitchen to all dishes ordered.Live piano music added to the garden-like, all table (no booths) setting.  But there was one discordant note.  Diane's Veal Alfredo had to be returned to put cheese on top, and the Alfredo Sauce melted and became deconstructed in the process.  She was given extra sauce, but it took awhile.  Service tended to be slow after initial orders were taken.Everything considered, my meal was quite enjoyable end to end.
2	Upon arriving to this restaurant, we were greeted by a host that did not even look up at us. He asked us, "can i help you?" while staring down at the counter. We said we would like a table for 2. He showed us to our table, did not even bother to pull out my chair for me, and proceeded to hand us our menus, handing my fiance his first. We were seated about 10-15 minutes before our waiter showed up. We ordered an appetizer, main course and I ordered a glass of wine. Our appetizer came out, beef carpaccio, and it was delicious! About 2 bites away from finishing our appetizer, 15 minutes after I ordered it, my wine showed up. Next were 2 caesar salads which we each took a few bites of and were done with. The dressing was bland and the salad was overall very weak. Also, when our waiter offered us pepper on our salad, he again went to my fiance first. Our meals came out. I got the Veal Piccatta, which was actually very good. My fiance got the chicken parmigiana and a side of pasta, of which both were swimming in sauce. Now, on their menu, it says all fresh ingredients, but it is very obvious the chicken was previously frozen. On a scale of 1-10, I would rate my meal a 7 and he rated his a 3. I finished the meal with the Spumoni Gelato. Of course, not true Gelato, but it was seriously delicious. After our meal we were waiting for quite a while, while our server and the piano player chatted. Finally the player pointed out I was staring our guy down and he brought the check. $$$ for a $60 meal at best. The place itself is very cute and enjoyable. The service and food is nothing to boast about. We will not be going back.
5	The filet mignon looks as if it's straight out of a magazine ad for filet mignons, perfection and how a filet mignon is supposed to look .  Filet mignon tasted better than the one I ate in Maui at Ruth Chris Steakhouse.  Absolute perfection.  My wife and kids ate pasta, all loved their dishes.  The waiters brought plenty of extra bread and seasoned butter.  Drinks were refilled.  Service was quick and professional.  I appreciate how they box our leftovers for us and bag them also.
4	We had a wonderful dinner and will be back. Our waiter Herb was AWESOME!!!!! And made our experience even better.. Thanks Herb. See you soon Missie and Daniel
5	My wife and I are newlyweds and decided to eat at Sergios.  The atmosphere was great, included a piano player. Great romantic setup,  the food was delicious.  We will be returning every year we visit las vegas.Our waiter Reyes was on top of everything and suggested the canolis for desert, what an excellent pick.
5	Every time we go to Vegas, we go to Sergio's! Excellent food and service. Authentic Italian with dishes to satisfy any palate. Great wine list, too! Love the atmosphere as well. Don't be fooled by location. It is off the strip, but just 5 minutes away. Great place to entertain customers!
5	Ordered the Filetto Al Pepe Nero medium well and to my surprise it wasn't butterflied & it was cooked to perfection. Best filet I have ever had! The sauce was excellent! The service was outstanding! I highly recommend this restaurant.
4	I frequent Las Vegas quite often.  When I go now, I look to go off strip and try something new.  That is why I decided to try out Sergio's.  First, the wait staff is amazing.  They are very attentive.  Moreover, they are knowledgeable about the food and can make excellent suggestions.The food was excellent.  The calamari was perfect.  It was well cooked and light.  The pesto butter complements it well.  Of course, we had the osso bucco.  It is definitely worth the hype.  It was smooth and melted like butter.
5	This is our go to for Italian when we visit Vegas.  Great food and friendly service.  Food is fresh and made to order.  Their veal shank is the best we've had.  Worth a visit.
