4	Best burrito in town, and essentially a copy of  San Francisco cuisine. Show up for happy hour after 11, it's half priced food and half priced stellar margaritas.
2	Loud, annoying and uncomfortable.Perhaps, I am a Californian at heart, but the several times I was here, it was not the greatest experience.  Tex-mex food.  The menus are trying too hard to be witty.  My friend wanted to order the Area 51 burrito, but it was a joke item and was embarrassed when the server said it did not really exist.Not a place to have a conversation, but hey come here for a couple of drinks down in the Oakland area.
2	Mad Mex offers vegetarian burritos with seasoned tofu that are pretty good.  It gets pretty crowded and noisy, so keep that in mind.
4	Boy oh Boy. I was pretty fuckin bummed when I moved out here to to only have more bad news on top of no good Chinese food but NO FUCKIN MEXICAN FOOD! For anyone that knows me ... DAS MY SHIT! Sooooooo bummed. But ... I went in to this spot around the corner form my spot in S. Oakland and gave it a shot ... all I gotta say is thank god I found some place! The Thai Burrito is my jam over there. Hold the extra supa doopa burn yer asshole off spicy pineapple salsa. Unless you wanna feel like somebodies droppin' matches out of your ass I highly suggest don't fuck with the spicy pineapple salsa. No Joke. Aside from that, big ass Margaritas and .... every night .... NAKED GIRLS!  Just jokin ... every night after 11 pm ... EVERYTHING IS 1/2 OFF! Couldn't beat that with a woofle Ball bat.I fux wid it!
4	1/2 food and margaritas after 11pm!!!  Love their margaritas, food is ok, usually a wait after 11pm.
4	Before I moved to Chicago I asked the waitress for her phone number. She was cute and had the punk rock getup. She had a boyfriend. I came back two years later and she was still working there.  She remembered me, I asked her what's new and she said it was her last week, she got engaged and got a masseuse license.Freshman year I ordered buffallo wings (when I still ate meat). They asked me "mild, wild, or insane". I said insane. It was so hot my nose started sweating.Dates Worthy Place?It's a great place to take a date because it's loud! If you like the girl (or boy) you have to lean in close to talk. Nothing says "i love you" like burrito and hot wings, unless she's vegetarian, then stick to the chickpea chilli burrito."big ass Margaritas" are 1/2 off from 10 to 11. then from 11pm on it's 1/2 off Food. Pittsburgh is so cheap!Wall-to-Wall Studios did their graphic design work.vegetarian: Super friendly! vegan tofu sourcream to soy cheese.
5	WHAT'S UP COLLEGE?  THis place was the FAVORITE when I was in school at Carnegie Mellon.  Given that was nearly a decade ago, and who cares that I'm reliving my youth through memories of a kickass restaurant, I still think this place kicks ass.  And I'll kick the ass of those who don't.  (fine, I won't).Seriously Mad Mex was a place that was known for its after 11 "half price food" and kickass drinks.  I remember a night with my friends where we sat across from a table of girls that were more interested in each other than us, we ate a shitload of food with habanero sauce on it, and we drank a lot.  College was exactly that.  The observance of women, the ingesting of food, and the imbibing of beers.  Awesomeness that I'd love to repeat.  Daily.Just go there and love it.  Don't debate its qualities of food or its noise-issues.  Just love unconditionally like a dog.  I do.
4	Pretty good Tex-Mex. Mad Mex is part of a chain of semi-themed restaurants by the Big Burrito Restaurant Group. Sometimes the theme-ish-ness can be a little overdone, but I think it's fun.At night the place gets really loud and filled with college students there for drinks. During the day they have some great lunch specials. It's always really dark.There's much better Tex-Mex in other parts of the country, but this is some of the best you'll find in Pittsburgh. I enjoy some of their experiments (if you're bored of a particular dish try the shrimp version).If you're not one for loud, crowded restaurants, I do recommend trying it during lunchtime. You might want to bring a flashlight to read the menu though.
4	Drink atleast 5 of the BigAss Margaritas, Trust me on this one.  A burrito will soak up all the booze from atleast two of those puppies right?
4	4 stars for Pittsburgh.  Competent service, good drinks.  I don't love the theme-ed-ness or, for that matter, the food.  But they have lots of great specials and the California salad with lime cilantro dressing is one of the best salads in the 'Burgh.  If you don't like the noise, go for lunch, especially a weekend lunch or early dinner.  Other locations are fine too.FYI, vegetarians, the dressing has cheese in it.  And it's so good, I bet it's actually real parmigiano reggiano, too, or close to it.
4	Are you in Pittsburgh? Do have a craving for chips and salsa but are unable to satisfy it because you're Pittsburgh? Just go to Mad Mex. It's my absolutely favorite uber-americanized-californized-tex-mex-bar-restaurant-voodoo-lounge in the whole world! They're unabashedly american-tex-mex here, but they also respect their Pittsburgh roots. You can get a buffalo chicken burrito here. Try finding THAT in San Francisco! You can even get your burrito with cross-cut fries. oh Pittsburgh - i miss you - sometimes. That said, they actually do have awesome, humungous, fork-and knife burritos such as Super Mad Mex with Steak. So good. When they say spicy, they mean spicy. The restaurant has the coolest logo ever (I bought 2 pint glasses to take home with me). The service is great, if not eccentric. They have half-off food after 11pm, in the Oakland tradition. However, its typically way too crowded at that time to eat successfully. The lesser-known secret is they do half-off lunch from 2-4pm Mon-Thursday. This is a much better way to go. FYI: The chips/salsa are free at the bar but not at the table. Also, they will try to sell you guacamole and sour cream with every dish - but it's not free!Mad Mex also has a decent selection of beer on tap, including, at various times, Rogue Dead Guy, Delirium Tremens, et al. And of course, they have IC Lite and Yeungling for the pittsburgher in you.So go, get a huge-azz margarita, some beer, some great food, and stumble down atwood street drunk with the rest of the crowd.
4	I have have to disagree with the below poster.  I was turned onto Mad Mex during my college years because the opportunity to eat out at half price was worth it.  Furthermore, their veg. friendly menu was satisfying and NEW at that time (tofu in a dish... WHAT?).  So I have continued to deal with lousy service and horribly lighting for my tofu burritos =)
4	This place gets four stars because it is vegan friendly.  A bit pricey, I admit, but try and go for the half-price menu, after 11 pm and if you are a student, sometime during the early afternoon (can't remember the times).  Happy hour is always crazy, with half off Margaritas and wings.  (Get the San Fran - yum!)  Take note - it's dark and NOISY, so don't go here for some intimate talk!
3	The FOOD = awesome.  But the aptmosphere sucks...  We used to come here for 1/2 price after 10 or 11 or whatever it was, in college.  I fell in love with their chick pea chili burritos.  Con - they wouldn't or couldn't make them without onions for me and it's too fucking dark to see to pick the onions out.Pro - since it's too fucking dark to see to pick the onions out I just gave in and ate them and learned to like something I otherwise might not have tried/liked.  I really hate how dark and loud it is here.  It's kind of pointless to go in a big group because you're only going to be able to talk to the people immediately next to and across from you and it's a pain in the ass to get seated.  I much prefer the McKnight Rd location - is it still there??  Every time I am back in Pgh I mean to try the Robinson Town Centre location but I always forget until we are driving to the airport and I see it.  Maybe next time...Love their chips and salsa.  Love their black bean garlic dip.  As I said already love their chick pea chili (have learned to make a knock-off to satisfy me out here in CA but it's just not the same...)But avoid this location unless you're hurting for cash and/or have no transportation.  It's worth a little extra money to be able to see your food and hear your dinner companions.
2	Meh is right.It's always ridiculously crowded. It's in that generic Cali Tex Mex restaurant chain style where quantity matters over quality. The drinks may be large, but the tequila they use during happy hours is borderline mezcal. The food is mediocre and overpriced. Service is VERY uneven. Dim lighting probably hides a multitude of sins. Be sure to carry multiple IDs if you are not American. I had issues getting in with my passport. Yeah, are you freakin kidding me?  I guess that's typical of a place where many underage kids try to get in. However if they don't let you in, that might be doing you a favour.
5	Mad Mex is awesome! And is one of the things I miss the most about Pittsburgh. The Pico Burrito is fantastic (probably the thing both I and my non-veg friends ordered the most while there) as is the Potato & Black Bean Taquitos. For non vegetarians I have heard great things about the Tortilla soup and some of the other burritos...In terms of crowds it totally depends on the times, if you are going for half price food which was available between 2-4 PM with student Id or after 11PM then yes its crowded but for 4 bucks for a huge burrito in a town full of college students thats expected. The atmosphere is quieter and better for talking during peak dinner/lunch hours when the food is not half off.
5	This is the least authentic Mexican food ever short of wrapping sliced cheese and jelly beans into a fruit roll up.  HOWEVER, you don't go to Mad Mex for authentic Mexican food, you go there for delicious fusion burritos, cheap and deadly margaritas, and loud music.I live in California, home of the burrito, and I still miss Mad Mex.  When I get a chance to come back to visit Pittsburgh, I make a point to enjoy myself a red velvet burrito or a dance marathon burrito, and of course a Mad Mex Margarita.  I was pleasantly surprised last time I visited to find the new no smoking policy here.  Anyways, this place is great for half-price food and half-price margaritas.  It isn't just because I was in college either.I would also mention here, that drinking 33oz of generously tequila-ed margarita isn't the best (and certainly not the worst) idea before attending your ex's wedding.  If you decide on this, I'd recommend not breaking the seal and making sure it isn't a catholic wedding first.
5	Ok. It isn't really Mexican! I mean, sometimes it is, but lets face it they serve an amazing hummus and their chicken wings are great. That's just not mexican. But if you can deal with the fusion-whatever, it is great. The picka-dippa (three dips & endless chips - is a must).
5	Mad Mex has THE BEST burritos I have ever had hands down. My first visit was sometime during the summer of 2005 and since then been a staple dining place until I moved to Chicago. Not only is the food delicious but the Big Azz Margaritas are awesome, especially if you're there while they have a special. I have a love/hate relationship with this location for the simple fact that it is always so crowded. I love the half price after 11 and the food is always excellent but you're often waiting a while for a table. Ive been to several other Mad Mex locations, and while they don't offer the half price special, the atmosphere seems more like a restaurant than a crowded bar. seriously awesome food. I can't wait to take a trip back to Pittsburgh and stuff myself with a burrito.
3	Drinks?  Big and yummy and cheap.  4 stars. Food?  Filling but not spectacular.  Let's go with 3 stars.Environment?  Fun, chatty, and crowded--luckily I've always been in the mood for this each visit.  4 stars.
3	Total bargain for students, with 50% food up until 4pm daily.Kudos to our server for coughing up some attitude at my 40 year old cousin who tried passing off her student ID to get the student discount.Don't take the attitude out on me because I was the one that outed her as you scrupulously eyed up the tattered ID.  You weren't the one to face the wrath of my aunt and cousin for the rest of the week for outing her on her real age.Enough family drama, perhaps CA living has made me a bit jaded or that I'm a little older,  but the food here is bit lackluster.  Lots of volume, and very little substance.  Just like college kids!  The menu is creative and offers a lot of variety and a number of veggie options and the prices are great, but its nothing worth driving cross town for.Ok, maybe that blue cornbread.
4	Mad Mex is small quaint place.  The decor is dark but vibrant.  There is always a number of people and while you're packed in with tables it doesn't feel too crowded.The food is good if you stick to the Tex Mex, otherwise it is hit or miss.  The beer selection is good and the prices are dead on (especially if you have a student ID.)
5	I love Mad Mex, despite the fact this location is tiny and crowded. Any Mad Mex is going to be great in my opinion, but this one is close to my heart since I spent my 21st birthday there.We come pretty often for happy hour (4:30 - 6:30) where you'll find half-off drafts and wings. They don't advertise it, but I think you may get a discount on all margaritas, not just the big azz ones ($7 opposed to $10). The margaritas are THE reason to go, in my opinion (avoid the hibiscus peach one - it's pretty hard to drink and $12). Until the end of November they have cranberry and pumpkin margaritas as well. The pumpkin is surprisingly delicious. I'm not sure if it's only during happy hour, but you get free (and refilled) chips and spicy salsa at the bar.But wait, there's more: they serve damn tasty food! And with half price starting at 11 (luckily one of the "select items" are the burritos), you can't pass it up.
4	Half price after 11PM, which is a good reason to go for college students.  I went here pretty often.  Things to try for sure are the blue cornbread and any of the burritos.  The quesadillas and nachos aren't bad either.
3	Ten years ago, this place was inventive and delicious.  It is still a very consistently decent place to eat, but other establishments, including the fast food places have closed a lot of ground.  Mad Mex still has great chickpea chile, and nachos etc., and the burritos are still a bit different from the standard chicken, beef, pork fare at Chipotle or Qdoba.  But these other establishments are no longer miles away.  Mad Mex could probably do with updating their menu.  At least they still have the thriving bar scene that differentiates.  I think in general, that too many of the reviews revel in the 50% off value as opposed to the intrinsic value of the place.  This is -- to me -- an indication that something needs to give.
4	I used to play in a band and was taken to Mad Mex after a show in Pittsburgh.  Maybe my opinion is swayed by finally getting to eat around 1am, or the half priced burritos, or the cheap beer.  Whatever the reason I dug the place.  As a side note, the guy who took us there was crazy.  He squatted in an abandoned apartment (I opted to sleep in the van).  I asked him how old he was and he said he didn't know... then he started to cry.  That crazy bastard knew where to get a good burrito though.
4	Mad Mex was one of the first restaurants I visited when I moved to Pittsburgh.  I've been a fan ever since.  This location (they have several around the state) was the first and helped the Big Burrito Restaurant Group get off the ground.  The space is cozy, and can be somewhat cavernous during the daylight hours.  The decor is wild.  Staff is nice and consistently busy.  The college crowd can take over this place in a hurry, so get to happy hours early and try to get a table just before the late night specials start.  I recommend the Kristy's Big Sister Red Velvet Quesadilla.  It's chicken, cheese, zucchini, and spinach combination is great with the salsa, guacamole and just a dab of sour cream.  Wing fan?  Try the San Francisco glaze with either the "mild, wild, or insane" hotness factor.  (I can't eat the insane wings...just too darn hot).  Also, try the variety of Monday through Friday lunch combinations.
5	Hello (reliable) deliciousness! I swear the menu has grown 2-fold since I lived in the 'burgh.  I decided to change it up this time (my standby meal is shrimp funguy taquitos and the black bean and pineapple quesadilla with tofu). I ordered the black bean soup and the Pennsyltucky fried tofu. The tofu was a knockout! So crispy and flavorful, with nice sprigs of cilantro and sprouts on the side. Loved the salty warm peanuts too. The soup was meant to be like the Kiva black bean dip, but the dip is so decadent (read: fattening) and spicy, while the soup is just watery and missing the cheesy rich goodness of the dip, which I guess I should've expected. But still, it was all delicious. My friends got the burritos, which I think are amazing, but sort of boring compared to everything else on the menu. I ordered a big azz mango marg, per the usual and was not dissappointed. I LOVE this place. Everytime i'm in the city I will go here. It's a must!
4	i came here late at night for the half price burritos and cheap huge ass margaritas. i had the angry hippy with portabella mushrooms. the food is tasty and the margaritas are delicious. it was a friday and it was packed. the atmosphere was lively and fun. the waitress/bartender was really nice, fast, and very attentive.
4	They have multiple locations across the state of Pennsylvania and one in Columbus, OH.  I have only been in the original location, which is in the Oakland neighborhood in Pittsburgh.  It is a tiny building, and it is often *loud*.  The later you go, the louder it gets.Personally, I think a lot of their burritos taste the same, though it is a very good taste.  I like their pickadippa and potato taquitos.  They also offer lots of options, like meatless or vegan versions, or the choice to turn a burrito into an enchilada, and vice versa.  Everything is priced decently, with half-price food at a variety of times (depending on the location) and lots of great specials for holidays and such.The Big Azz margaritas are enormous.  I enjoy the frozen strawberry.  I often get the small, and I usually can't finish it.
4	Mad Max is a great place if you're looking for good burritos, and if you have vegetarian or vegan restrictions since they have vegan sour creme and cheese.  This little place can get packed and you'll be shoulder to shoulder with someone you don't know, but the food is well worth it.
3	My chickpea chili was good.  I still haven't a burrito or margarita at mad mex, so I don't feel like I've had the whole experience yet.  But my chili was good.
3	I enjoy mad mex and their food very much. I always have a good time when I go there. My only problem with Mad Mex is their servers. My friend and I always seem to get not necessarily a rude server but they just never seem happy to be there. I understand they have to serve drunk pitt kids who come for the margaritas, but when they bring you your food they look like they want to kill you. Besides the service the food is as always very fantastic. My personal favorite is the beef chimi and I absolutely love the bean dip. Mad Mex gets 3 stars
5	Mad Mex reminds me of my time at Duquesne. I used to run here for the one hour that I could get the Big Azz Margarita for $6 but now I think it's $7 (sometimes before my European Union night class!). My personal favorite is the frozen raspberry Margarita! Also I love the potato taquitos, who doesn't love a tortilla stuffed with mashed potatoes!!! I came back after 5 years and Mad Mex is unchanged, hallelujah!
5	Probably one of the best (and SUPER CHEAPEST) Tex-Mex joints in the entire city. I don't go for the drinks, but man, you can't beat half-priced burritos as a college student. $5 for food that fills you up for a long, long time?Sign me up. I'll miss you when I go, mad mex.
5	I haven't lived in Pittburgh for over 15 years, but i used to eat at Mad Mex way before it was ever a chain restaurant. Even tho I don't live anywhere near Mad Mex, every time I visit, I must eat here.Not only does it have literally the best food, but for a fee, you get the biggest and strongest margarita ever. Yum!I used to go here after with my friends 11 when all food was half off. not sure if that is still the same. But what a great place!
4	I love that they have veggie options- tofu or portabella!Really great portions of really good food!
3	The margaritas and chicken wings are great.  The place is really loud sometimes and the rest of food is just OK.  The corn bread used to be better but somewhere a long the way they changed it and its not as good nowadays.
4	Extreme dim lights ,people everywhere and good smell coming from the tiny kitchen.      Apart from the crazy designs they have on the wall;i did keep starring at them until i was there and i think most of them were dragons or atleast looked like them.    I ordered the Golden tofu and i love it for two reasonsa.It is tofu :Db.it had biscotti texture on the outsideWoah!! Biscotti filled with soya who wouldn't love it?? I definitely do!! I went to this place twice and i ordered the same thing.Not my fault!! *Keeps a sad doggy face* they do not have many vegetarian choices .   But it is  a great place to go hang out with friends and try talking.Note the point TRY TALKING.That's because they play the music so loud like a club,therefore by the time you are out of the place you have lost your voice or your ear drums.But don't worry you shall survive with the yummy food :)   wow!! This all explains the name MAD Mex :)-Smriti
2	First.... would love to see the filth on this place with the lights on.... seriously... I think the dim lit ambiance is mask the bacteria in this place.  Food - its a sad day when all i can say is that the wings are the best thing at a Mexican place.  The Carnitas was actually decent but ruined by too much spice.  I know this is not meant to be authentic Mexican food but  a Tex-mex  classification doesn't give you the green light to overpower everything on your menu with Chili powder, Cumin and jalapenos.  I'm 1/4 Mexican - grew up with Mexican food - love spicy food - put hot-sauce/salsa on everything - eat jalapenos regularly.... Mad Mex - barley edible.    Gives tex-mex a bad name as I know there is great pride and a lot of heart and soul that goes into true Tex-mex.  I think people go there - get drunk - then think they are eating good food.  Only conceivable way anyone could give this place anything over 2 starts.
3	As a Pitt alum, I've spent my fair share of time here.In summary: decent food, strong semi-good drinks, very average service, and too small of a space.I generally avoid going there unless if it's summer or winter break. The food and drinks are OK, but not nearly good enough to have to deal with Oakland parking/traffic/etc and waiting 45+ minutes to get a table.
3	been here twice, first time threw up b/c i drank their "big azz" margarita too fast and second time just came for the happy hour margarita. the margaritas are pretty strong, happy hour is $7 instead of $9 but they don't let you sit at the tables unless you order a meal, not even just an appetizer. that was annoying. had my margarita and left.
3	The only reason you should come here is for the margaritas and the wings (which are damn good! especially with the southwestern sauce). Is it just me or is it funny when the wings are the best part of a "mexican" themed restaurant???Anyways, there seems to be a happy hour for margaritas around 9-11 and then half off for food sometime around the same time frame. I had a burrito here once and it was beyond average and overpriced. Stick to the above basics and you'll be fine.
4	The four reasons why I've never paid full price for anything at Mad Mex before:2-4 PM: Half priced entrees w/ student ID4:30-6:30 PM: Half priced wings and $7 BIG AZZ Margaritas9:00PM -12:00 AM: $7 BIG AZZ MargaritasAfter 11:00 PM: Half priced entreesAnyways, on with the food.  Mad Mex serves up super Americanized Tex-Mex and they don't pretend to be authentic by any means.  They have burritos, tacos, nachos, salads, wings, you name it.  For me, I go solely for their wings.  A large order of 14 wings ($4.50 when half off) is more than sufficient, and pair that with a $7 BIG AZZ margarita and everything is good.  Flavor of choice?  San Francisco.  All their flavors are good and their wings are some of the better wings I've had in Pittsburgh in terms of how well they're cooked.If I'm not getting wings, what would I get?  Wing-o-rito.  It's a burrito w/ chicken inside that's smothered in wing sauce.  Okay, I really like their wings.Try their double dipper with black bean dip too!  It's super hearty, slightly spicy, and pairs perfectly with a margarita.If you go at night, it gets LOUD.  And the place also fills up fast after 11 PM, so you might have to wait if you don't arrive early.
4	I love you, Mad Mex, for your over-sized margaritas, outstanding bleu cheese dressing, and painfully good dip trio appetizer.  And you know what else?  Hats off to your Southwestern wing sauce.  It's REALLY FREAKING GOOD.  I mean, really.  I'm in awe.  I'm quite a wing person, and it's rare that I get my socks knocked off anymore.Yes, you're a little loud and always crowded, but now that I've found the best things on your menu, the atmosphere will never stop me again.
4	Vegetarians are sometimes hard to please, but Mad Mex really delivers! There are a lot of veggie & vegan options and I've never been disappointed with anything I've ordered. Herbivores & carnivores will all be pleased with the extensive menu. They also have a great beer selection and make good & spicy bloody mary's. I live very close to the Oakland location but cringe when I think about going there, this particular locale is always elbow to elbow with college students and the seating arrangement makes it difficult for the servers to maneuver through the diners. Finding a parking spot is also a panic attack inducing experience. Luckily, there are branches in Monroeville, Robinson, and McKnight Rd. I usually go to the Monroeville location because it's bigger, it seems like they put more love into the dishes, parking is never a problem, and the outdoor seating area is a plus.
4	See Eric L.'s review for best times to go. Situated right next to CMU and Pitt campuses, Mad Mex mainly caters to college students with HUGE and quite strong margaritas and extremely dark ambiance. The waiters even have small flashlights if you can't see the menu!So far I've tried a burrito and an enchilada here. The burrito was folded square and is a fork-and-knife kinda burrito. It wasn't exceptionally tasty. The enchilada was better and spicy but again, not mouth-watering. The margaritas and chips and salsa combo are the winners so far.I do love the art in here. I don't know if it's a chain thing and it's simply outsourced but I like to believe it's painted by local mural artists.
4	My girlfriend is not a big fan.  Yet her mistake is thinking of this as a Mexican restaurant.  I would instead call it, 'mexican themed.'  If you go in and say, this isn't going to be a typical Mexican restaurant but instead mixes mexican dishes with different ingredients, it's really good.  Got the garbanzo bean stew and the taquitos.  Yum.  Price is right, too.
3	I'm not a college student anymore, but I love coming to this place. It has a really grungy atmosphere with some crazy decor on the walls. The seating is waaaaaaaaaaaay too close, i dnt' want people listening in on my convos.The food is so-so, really greasy, and a lot of it is deep fried, but for the most part i come away satisfied.The service is usually pretty dismal.The atmosphere is great, the drinks are reallllllly good!
5	Fond memories of Mad Mex!  This was my favorite bar/restaurant during my college years.  I still come back to Pittsburgh 1-2 times a year and I don't miss an opportunity to visit this fine establishment.IMO, their spicy steak  burrito is the best in the world.  Combine this with the spicy black bean dip and several margaritas and you have recipe for a great evening.Mad Mex runs happy hours specials on the drinks as well as discounted food late evenings.  The place can get pretty crowded for the specials, but it is well worth the time and effort.
2	This place is over priced and constantly crowded with rowdy college kids trying to get OMG SO DRUNK!!! during happy  hour.  The drink specials are okay, but I personally don't think they are that good.  The "big azz" margaritas aren't spectacular or really even that big - an average margarita is probably about 12-16oz, depending on the place.  I don't want to pay $10 for shitty tequila? The food is average and over priced.  Their burritos are so doughy and lack the taste you can get from even Chipotle. From all of the big  burrito restaurants, this one needs the most work.  The decor is clever but tacky.  The servers at EVERY Mad Mex I've ever been to are rude and are just trying to get some tips out of you (which is fair, I wait tables and do the same but you can still be nice to your tables if they juts want drinks?).  The drinks are meh and the food is blah. Comparing this place to Kaya puts it all in perspective - but Big Burrito probably won't change anything since it brings int he college kids spending their parents money.
3	This was the one of the better restaurants I visited in two weeks at Pitt, and the fact that it's getting three stars says a lot about the quality of food in the area.  Still, I can't deny that it was decent.So, the good.  It was okay.  They actually had salads that didn't taste like they had sat in a refrigerator for several days.  Their beer selection was decent, not just the usual Dos Equis/Corona.  And the bad.  Their tortillas were crap, clearly purchased at the local mega-mart or at least tasting like it.  They really took away from my tacos.  Their taco salad was very underwhelming.  It was nice to have fresh greens, but the meat was greasy and over-seasoned.  Their guacamole is also over-seasoned, though not terrible.  The service is on the slow side, it was very crowded both times I was there, and the music is much too loud for a crowded restaurant without a dance floor.  The second time I was there, our food took at least 40 minutes.  We didn't complain because it had been slow the first time we were there, and we were enjoying ourselves.  Without any complaints from us, our server explained that our ticket had gotten lost, apologized profusely, and took our drinks and appetizer off the bill.  So, high marks for service even if it was generally slow.Overall, the food was average, the service was okay, the atmosphere had its problems, but it was above average for the area.
4	Sunday nights after 9 are half price food and margaritas. Saturdays between 6-8 are also half price food and margaritas.The margaritas are loaded with booze but taste so good. Lets just say, if you're a lightweight, you'll be tapping after 1. You can either get the regular margarita or one of the flavored one. Or, you can mix two flavors together which is also really good. After 2 of the big ones, you get a very healthy buzz going on. 3 ... well, you'll have a more than healthy buzz and a ridiculous sugar rush. 4.... haven't seen it yet. The sugar usually gets to you first.As for the food, this is great Mexican food. I usually get a burrito and piggy size it so they put double the meat in. I really don't need to get double meat because the serving sizes are enormous but after doing it the first time, I can't possibly go back. Mad Mex is one of the reasons why a lot of people get the freshman 15 and the sophomore 30. The food and drinks are soo good that you can't just say no. There usually is quite a bit of a wait if you go for half price food but it's still worth the wait. You can hang out at the bar and grab some free nachos and salso to go with a margarita while you wait for your food.Definitely worth hitting up.
2	This place is loud, has obnoxious servers, pretty lousy food, and thinks it's clever because of bad puns on the menu. That said, some of the food is good and it's better than most other Oakland options (which is damning with faint praise). Things that are okay: carnitas burrito, mahi-mahi salad (w/o the chipoltle aioli), pineapple habanero salsa. The margaritas are okay, but if you claim to be anything "mex", you better have okay margaritas.On the whole, this place needs to turn down the music, turn up the lights, make the menu a little less colorful and focus on having consistent service and food prep. Oh, and while I'm at it, that blue cornbread is disgusting.Oh, and to say that it's not good for kids is an understatement. They play very loud music with explicit lyrics and have drunk people stumbling around at 5pm. Leave junior at home.
2	This place started out being great, but it seems that every time I go there the food gets more expensive and the margaritas get weaker. It's a really popular place but I am not on the bandwagon.
5	My boyfriend and I visited Pittsburgh for a wedding and visited Mad Mex on a friends recommendation.  It was fantastic!  You must have a mango margarita!  Delicious.  And half off during happy hour.If you're going to eat anything there, try the nachos.  Delicious to split and you don't need to order an entree.  The nachos are huge.  Will definitely recommend Mad Mex to anyone visiting Pittsburgh.
3	I had a delicious apple cider margarita. My friends told me that their margaritas have 5 shots in them, which I didn't believe because it tasted like applesauce... until I was stumbling around about half an hour later.We shared some nachos, which were good (but that may just have been the drunk munchies) but the portion was too small to be worth $6. They were stingy with the chips, and it was depressing to have so much cheese sauce left and no (socially acceptable) way to eat it. The service could have been better. The inside of the restaurant is pretty small and the waitresses were really strict about who could sit down. You could only sit at a table if you personally were eating food. You couldn't even sit with your friend who ordered something unless you were eating it too. Our waitress seemed like she wanted to get us out of there (or at least away from the table) as quickly as possible. I understand that the place is small and tables are precious, but they could have been more gracious about it. That night, there wasn't a line to come inside and most people there weren't eating anyway, so we were standing around blocking the aisles with empty tables everywhere.
1	Went there to celebrate with some friends and I was excited to try some Mexican food - something I'd been missing since I moved from San Diego to Pittsburgh.  Since there was a long wait we got margaritas and waited for the tables.  I got a strawberry margarita, but the flavor was unnecessary as all I could taste was cheap, nasty tequila.  Gross.  To mitigate the taste and try not to be sloshed before dinner we asked for some chips and salsa while we waited.  When we finally got some (15 minutes later) I was buzzed and disappointed.  The chips and salsa were worse than even the store brand from the supermarket.  My opinion, if a "Mexican food" restaurant can't do the good chips and salsa and margaritas, I don't even want to try anything else.  We paid our tab and left before our table was even ready.  No thank you.
4	It is ten after seven on a Sunday night and all I can think about is that big fat Gobblerito sitting there waiting for me at Mad Mex. When I tried it I ordered it out of morbid curiosity. Thanksgiving dinner in a burrito?! Really?! WHY AREN'T YOU IN MY FACE?! I didn't have very high expectations for it. I figured lunch meat variety turkey, instant mashed potatoes, and some cheap stuffing and canned veggies. I couldn't have been more wrong. This food is the tops. I'm completely serious. The food was fresh and home cooked. It comes with a side of cranberry sauce and once you eat it (that is if you can finish it, THIS THING IS HUGE) it continues to haunt you. I can not wait to go back for another one before it disappears until next year.
4	great bold Mexican restaurant with a punk flair to it. Go there a lot for half off (because im a broke college student). Definitely recommend their burritos. I haven't been able to test their bar skills but it looks super good.
3	Parking and seating was fine - winter break at Pitt. Food was great - especially the tofu tacos. My only complaint and its a big one - the music was WAY too loud. My party of 8 was seated at a large round table and I could only hear about half of them. What a waste considering the whole gathering was to catch up with old friends.
3	With a Big Burrito gift card in tow (yay Christmas presents!), we headed over to Mad Mex on a Friday evening, around 6:30 pm.  Parking was pretty bad for Pittsburgh - we've never been to this part of Oakland before and it was just tiny, crowded streets, and students smoking on their porches while discussing drunken escapades.  Not the nicest neighborhood.Inside, it was packed.  We anticipated a long wait, but actually were seated immediately - the noisy crowd wasn't there for dinner, just happy hour and cheap margaritas.  Apparently you get a table only if you are really eating a meal, which I have to say I appreciated.  The room was dark and noisy, but the noise level become much more manageable as happy hour ended and the drunk students left.  Much improved.Our server informed us there were only a few minutes left of happy hour, so we managed to squeeze in a quick order of margaritas in order to get the discounted price.  $5 for their medium size (happy hour only) was a pretty good deal.  I had whatever their featured margarita was - frozen, with three different fruit flavors.  It was very tasty, gave me a light buzz, and didn't taste of mix.  Would've appreciated more than a "light buzz," if you know what I mean, but for $5 it was a deal.We ordered chips and salsa, which are unfortunately not free as they usually are at Mexican restaurants, but you did get a few fun salsa choices - we settled on roasted tomato chipotle.  I think it cost $3.  I liked the smoky chipotle flavor - but I still think it ought to be free.  It always seems greedy to me when restaurants charge for things that are traditionally free, like bread, or chips/salsa.  For my entree, I got one of the specials, which the server said was a great choice - the Jerk Pork and Fried Banana Tacos.  I have to admit, they were pretty tasty.  Pork was well-seasoned, bananas were delish (but I would've liked more of them!), but HOLY CRAP those tacos were hot.  And I love spicy food, truly spicy food.  But this - there were these whole slices of hot peppers.  I bit into one once, and couldn't taste anything for 10 minutes, it felt like my mouth was shaking.  Spicy tacos are one thing, but so hot that you can't even enjoy the meal?  I had to pick the peppers out, for my poor tongue's sake.  Rice and beans on the side were bland, which would have been annoying but ended up not bothering me given my temporary taco-mouth-death.I know my boyfriend liked his chicken chimi, and I get the impression the food here is pretty good, and they do have some cool options.  But this location was so loud and collegey, I'm not sure I'd return.  I'd try a different location though, to seek better ambiance.  But you won't catch me paying for chips and salsa again - stingy ol' Mad Mex!
5	This is a review for all the Mad Mex chains. There's a Biggie quote in there somewhere...This is a shout out to all the people who thought i'd never amount to nothin'. Mad Mex stands on its own. It does not need reviews because it is so completely amazing. It's like Nirvana when I open the front door. The tequila flights are heaven. The burritos and wings are top notch. I don't even have to review the big azz margs. Just know they're out of this world if you haven't tried one yet. The decor is bitchin. So are the skelly's in the restroom. The menu is really fun to read. Just like my reviews. I want lights like they have. You know, the green ones in the jelly jars hanging on ropes? Yeah.
3	The Mad Mex restaurants are one of the more consistently popular chains within Pittsburgh. For dinner, this one always seems to be packed, no matter the day of the week. It's a small, pretty crowded space. And they pack 'em in! You can't squeeze through without bumping other patrons. Service is hit or miss, regardless of whether it's crowded. I've had fast and really slooww wait times for food.The ambiance is pretty fun though. The beer selection is decent and the margaritas are fantastic. I don't think I've ever been truly disappointed or blown away by the food itself.  There's lots of different offerings but the flavors in each entree sort of melt together and don't stick out too much. Nothing to get too excited about. I've continued to come back here over the years though because it's a fun place, if you don't mind the crowds.
4	you really can't beat the food at mad mex, and there's a good selection of beer.  one thing: the service sometimes lacks, particularly if you're eating at the bar.
3	I heart Big Ass MargsDrink til someone pees their pantsTalkin' bout you, Steph.(b)
4	yummo! sign up on line at their website and get a free burrito for your bday.
3	Came here immediately after our flight landed. Was here with a few friends on a recruiting trip and they had gone to school at CMU previously. We attempted to eat and drink our way to our per diem -- to no avail!!The 1/2 price menu had our bill for 4 people at 50$. Including massive margaritas, appetizers, and enough food to take home (which of course we didn't, who wants left-over mad mex?!?!).The scene was pretty horrible tho. very very crowded, and a ton of drunk college kids. Yah, I know, I'm in a college town. Just reminds me of why I moved away from mine, :).
2	I'm a middle of the road fan of Mad Mex (see my review of the Robinson location if you'd like for more details), but wanted to provide a review based on the location and ambiance of this branch of the restaurant.Short answer, it may be the worst Mad Mex location and here's why:The restaurant is consistently too cold, winter or summerDim lighting through the restaurant (not in the good ambiance sort of way) or blindingly bright where the only window is locatedSuper awkward seating (first you get to brush your butt past your table-neighbor's face when you sit down, then it is your turn to show you theirs when they leave!) that is too close togetherDifficult to get a parking spot in the neighborhoodI hate to sound picky, but it is true that when you can't feel comfortable in an environment it is likely that you won't enjoy yourself, and that is exactly what happens to me every time I have no choice but to eat at this location. Try one of the many other locations for a better experience if you can!
3	Oh, Mad Mex.  How I always want to like you, and always walk away going, "Oh yeah, I remember that."I lived two blocks down from Mad Mex for a good bit of college, so it was inevitable that we ended up here our fair share of times.  However, very rarely did our food-ordering go past chips and salsa, and each time I try to have food here, I realize why: I just don't like Tex-Mex or Cali-Mex or whatever sort of not-the-real-deal-Mexican food Mad Mex is.That said, they do make a good margarita, and they do run a lot of specials.  The Oakland location has half-price menu items each evening after 11 (much, but not all of the menu qualifies for this), and two happy hours for cheap booze, including half-price Big Azz Margaritas (those are the 22-ouncers that often made for early bedtimes during college).The drink happy hours and the food happy hours never coincide, but you can get your cheap drinks  from 4:30 - 6:30 (cheap wings at this point, too) or 9-11 each night, and if you stick around until after 11, you can get the half-price food menu.  Some times of the day are 21+, so you can have some margaritas and take advantage of the less-full restaurant before 11, then put in your food order once you've started drink round #2.On our most recent visit, I tried to figure out what it is precisely that I don't like about their food, and I think it's the consistency of their tortillas.  They are a little doughy and thicker than what I'm used to.  Their fillings for quesadillas, burritos, and tacos just don't stick together like real Mexican food.There are some things on the menu that truly are good, however.  Their waffle fries are seasoned quite well, and their chocolate dessert burrito is sinfully yummy.  At Thanksgiving time, the Gobbleritos (a burrito stuffed with all the fixins: turkey, mashed potatoes, gravy, and corn) are quite good.  But past that, the food is only average.The Oakland location, as many others have pointed out, gets quite crowded during peak times.  The service is chancey, and sometimes you get a great waitress, and sometimes one who could care less.  However, the musical selections playing throughout the restaurant are almost always awesome, so I've always liked that bit of the atmosphere.One final point, the bathrooms are rather sketchy.  Back when I lived down the street, I always preferred to just walk to my apartment when needed.  The Mad Mex bathroom just doesn't seem clean.  And don't have so many margaritas that you forget if you should go in the door marked with a nut or a bolt ;)Overall, if you're looking for a margarita and some chips, Mad Mex is okay.  But if you're craving Mexican food, this is not the place.  Although, after a Big Azz Margarita or two, you may very well not notice :)
4	Great Tex Mex food served in an extremely trendy restaurant.The restaurant offers half price food from 11.00 PM onwards so its always packed with students. The nachos grande and the honey barbecue wings are my favorite things there.They also offer a wide selection of margaritas and beers and is a perfect place to go to when you don't have a lot of work to do for the next day. The only negative aspect of this Mad Mex is the lack of seating. There is almost definitely a 20 minute wait if you go for food after 11.00PM so it's better to go there at around 10.30 PM put your name down on the list. Although I have not been there for lunch, I have heard that they haven half off from 2.00 to 4.00 if you show a valid student ID.
2	So I just finished running the Pittsburgh Marathon and I decided I needed some Mexican Food. Where to go. Found Mad Mex. Thought we were ordering the happy hour drinks but we weren't. Bummer - Big Bill. The waiter asked questions about additions to our meal and every addition increased the price. The food was OK but the bill was way to large. Wouldn't go back.
3	I went during Happy Hour for Half Price wings. Not many other folks there.Had the San Francisco wings. Good value and nice presentation. My personal taste is the crispy deep fried wings though like they have at Gene's Last Chance in the Strip district; otherwise, I would bump the review up another star.There is a mid-day half price food discount for students along with the 11p-closing for everyone. I'll definitely have to come back after 11p to try a burrito or something.
2	I went to school at CMU and while I was there everyone seemed to love this place, but I never got too into it. Its best feature is that after 10pm you can get a 22oz Margarita for $7, which is probably the cheapest way to get yourself on the way to a good evening at a bar in Pittsburgh. The margaritas themselves are nothing too special; however people who are on their second may say differently (this includes me).The food is fine but nothing special and the place is extremely loud, crowed, and dark. It takes a while to get a table and even if you just want to stand at the bar it is often hard to find a good spot. Also for college students there is the added irritation that they enforce a rule that if anyone at the table is under 21 then nobody can drink unless you have somebody over 25.
1	If you're not at Pitt for undergrad, then don't waste your time here. If you want to get f'ing wasted and live in south Oakland, the only redeemable qualities are their "Big Azz" margaritas, and that is a long as you can put up with the over crowded restaurant, their asshole employees, and the wait times. By the way, you can rarely sit or sit at a table if you're only drinking.
4	Mad Mex gets super crowded all the time for a reason.Their "Big Azz" margaritas are nothing particularly special, but will knock you on your ass. Factor in their two-a-day happy hours featuring $7 margaritas and you're in for some economical, pleasant drinking.Food is half-off after 11, so if you're getting drunk munchies after imbibing on one (or three) margaritas at night you're in luck. It's pretty good too, they offer some creative dishes that, while blatantly inauthentic, satisfy. Portions are so big that even with drunk munchies I can only finish 3/4 of my meal.The service is super patient and quick as well. Even when the place is packed with a bunch of drunk people servers never get snappy. Every time I've been hammered there a waiter has always politely asked me to move, and has put up with my significantly delayed reaction time.The major con of Mad Mex is how loud and tiny it is. If you're there to drink at the bar there's very little standing room. If you're there to eat at a table expect to be bumping elbows with the person next to you. Even when it's not too crowded the restaurant is inexplicably loud, so don't bring a date here (unless you don't really want to hear what she's talking about, in which case do so as I have in the past).In summary: go here during off hours for good food to avoid the crowds or during happy hours when you'll be too drunk to care about the crowds. Also, for anyone trying to get in using a fake, they're one of the stricter bars in Oakland so be careful.
2	Dark, crowded, noisy, long waits, overpriced food, blah drinks.Also, I don't get eating burritos with a knife and fork.  I just don't get it.
4	I'm pretty sure this is the original Mad Mex, so it's almost like I'm not writing a review for a chain!Upsides: Blue cornbread that will make your heart melt.  Half price after 11.  Generally awesome food.  Wacky fun wall art.  Downsides: Loud.  Crowded.  Seating uncomfortably close to other tables.  Not enough menu options with queso.  And definitely skip their cheese dip for their nachos... it's pretty lame.I always have a really tough time deciding what I want at Mad Mex, too.  The menu is cute (though bordering on obnoxious,) but I don't know if it's really laid out that well.  It might be a problem on my end, though... maybe I just suck at reading menus.
3	This place has been reviewed to death, so I'll just make a few points. 1) Decent quirky vegetarian food - vegetarian-friendly. I've never had anything bad nor anything blow-your-socks-off good.2) They are not "authentic" anything, and they have no desire to be. They have a Thai Curry Burrito and the Gobblerito on the menu. Enough said. 3) It is too dark. But your eyes will adjust. 4) Good draft list and happy hour. 5) You can get drunk on margaritas without realizing it. Be careful.  Don't go out of your way here for a romantic dinner. But if you want some good eats and drinks and atmosphere and you happen to be in Oakland, by all means stop on by and enjoy.
3	Fun Tex-Mex type place in an attractive setting.  Nachos were great, service was attentive, noise level was not too loud, and the entrees were all delicious.  One quandary:  wouldn't one expect the chopped salad to be, well, chopped?
3	We were so excited to try the Mad Mex in Pittsburgh because we have so many awesome memories from Philly but unfortunately, this Mad Mex is just not the same. I don't care that this one is smaller but the food is just so below par. We've been twice in hopes that it would have been better the second time but no. Food was okay, beer/drinks were good and staff was nice. i love Mad Mex for their extensive vegetarian and vegan options but there was something missing from the food here. I'm going to give it one more shot.
1	Probably the worst Mexican food I've ever had, and definitely the worst service. They brought me and my wife back after I complained (something I RARELY do), and again, it was pathetic. Thank you to the GM for trying to keep our business, but your staff totally blew it.
4	Even though parking here sucks, this is my favorite Mad Mex location.  If not for lack of parking, I'd give it 5 stars. I loved their Horny Toad Margarita, which unfortunately is no longer on the menu.  But if you get an old timer, they'll still make it for you.  The closest thing to the Horny Toad is the Ultimate.  If you like a wicked sour margarita, this is the one for you.  I'm not a fan of the big azz margaritas that are popular there, they're  just too sweet for me.The red sangria rocks!!There's always and awesome selection of drafts and bottled beers too.I like this location because it's really small and really dark.  I know that's not a plus for lots of people, but I like it. I love the Insane San Francisco Wings with Blue Cheese.  We always order them well done.  Insane is the highest on their heat scale, the heat level isn't consistent, but it's usually pretty hot.  The blue cheese is a perfect balance to the garlicy San Francisco sauce. My husband almost always gets the Chicken Chimichanga, its generously stuffed with tasty chicken, it's always nice and crispy. I love most of the quesadillas and fajitas... but I think my favorite entree is the Dance Marathon Enchiladas.  I love the garlicy portabello mushrooms and spicy spinach.The tortilla soup is thick and creamy and so good.  The casa salad is awesome with the Lime Cilantro dressing.  A garlicy spicy creamy pesto-type dressing that is also great to add as a dipping sauce for quesadillas and taquitos.   The salad is a simple combination of leaf lettuce, cherry tomatoes, red onions, blue cheese crumbles, green pepitas... the crunchy pepitas with the salty, tangy blue cheese topped with lime cilantro dressing... YUM!!!!One of my favorite places to eat.
5	Mad Mex is my FAVORITE restaurant in Pittsburgh. I go to Mad Mex at least once a month for half-price. Last month I finally finished ordering every vegetarian item on the menu :) I highly recommend you get the pickadippa as your appetizer! And if you're vegetarian I recommend the Thai Curry Burrito or the Veggie Enchilada. The Thai Curry Burrito tastes amazing and is probably the most unique item on the menu. Everything on the menu tastes great EXCEPT for the Jersey Chips. Don't get the chips and I guarantee you'll have a good time.
4	I was only here once, but it was for a free lunch (courtesy of the Big Burrito Group, can't really remember why, lol)...so no complaints here.It's a bit dark, unless you're by the window (limited seating by the window). Nice chill place, but probably wouldn't be good first-date material. More like a place to go with friends. I didn't have any alcoholic drinks (I had to go back to work), but I someday want to have one of their Big Azz Margaritas.
5	Mad Mex Oakland -- The only Mad Mex I have ever been.I really, really like this place. It's the original and by far the best.I love the food. The carnitas burrito is excellent, and so are the chimichangas. Their appetizers are wonderful, especially the honey chipotle wings (half price during happy hour, fyi). Mad Mex does a nice job with their drinks, as well. They usually have a good draft list, and their margaritas are worth the price (specifically during the early evening and late night happy hours). Their Gobblerito (served only during Thanksgiving season) is a true dreamboat, despite the mediocre cranberry sauce they serve. Finally, half the staff is nice, friendly, and on-point. To put it succinctly, this is where my girl and I go out on a Thursday night for a quick bite and a beer for an easy date. We both leave this restaurant in a great frame of mind, every single time. That's about the highest praise I can give.
3	Good food. Good service. Good prices but...it is WAY too loud in the restaurant. If you want to have a conversation with someone, don't go here. Plus finding a parking space close by is a pain.
4	I really enjoyed this place. The service was fast and friendly. They have lots of vegan options! The prices were somewhat high but it is high quality food. I would recommend going with a group of friends it is loud and you can be loud too
3	Big portions of food but very loud and crowded. I can barely have a conversation here!Very dimly lit, i would say this place would not be ideal for a date but more like a drunken gathering with lots of margaritas!
4	I love mad mex!  Despite hanging out in Oakland since middle school, I only recently made it out to eat at the mad mex in oakland.  This is the original flag ship restaurant for the entire big burrito franchise, and their food did not disappoint.  Their innovative twist on mexican was creative and delicious.  I've heard it can get crowded and loud in the evening but when I went for lunch on a sunday it was quiet and the service was fast.  Also if you're vegetarian there's a ton of great options catering to you.  I can't wait to go back!
2	We had a large delivery order for dinner.  Others liked this place. I thought it was horrible. I ordered a Shrimp Burrito and it had very little shrimp and a lot of rice (little taste for almost $10.  Nothing else was included.  The wings weren't bad (I tried someone else's).  Everyone refers to big portions,so I'm guessing you have to eat in to get it.
5	Mad Mex, you can do no wrong.  I'm not sure if it's the Big Azz Margaritas or the tofu sour cream that makes me want to cry more.  Asides for the wait, I've never had a bad experience here.I'm a bit of a picky eater at times, but love this place because they let me mix and match my soft tacos.  Usually end up getting one chicken, one steak, one ground beef with all the fixings, albeit variations of the traditional.  I opt for the soy cheese and tofu sour cream.  Gotta have me a piece of the blue cornbread as well.  Not sure what they do with it, but that ooey-gooey part is what I crave.  I'm sure people look at me and think 'what a pig' because of all the food I have in front of me.  If the shoe fits, I'm a pig.  Nothing wrong with chowing down on some of the best Mexican food I've ever had the chance to explore.Two suggestions for y'all:1. Opt for your margaritas on the rocks.  The frozen ones do one hell of a job on you when you get brain freeze.2.  Pay attention to the indicators for the bathroom.  Don't be a goof like me and go into the wrong bathroom on multiply occasions....I still don't think I can get that one right.
3	The food is roughly as good as any other restaurant in it's price range, and it is very dark with loud music, making conversation difficult.
5	Mad mex Oakland gets 5 stars. Always great service, the big azz margaritas are great, and the location (though tiny and crowded) somehow adds to the fun - always good music and a good crowd. The burritos are A++
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants. I have been consistently getting half price late nite food here for 10 years. The quality has waxed and waned over the decade and I would say recently it has been excellent. Favorites are the spicy M.M. Burrito and vegan nachos grande. This place is meat and vegan friendly. A continual staple in my life.  The music can be loud, the college students can be annoying, and the margaritas and monthly beer specials may make it difficult to get up.
5	Los wingos wrap, wild, with waffle fries and ranch!  Got frog legs on leap day a few years back during a crazy snowstorm, which were awesome!  Shamrock-a-rita for St. Patty's day was surprisingly good.  Oh yeah, half of student special during the day for food, happy hour drinks, then half off late night menu makes for a solid evening.
3	Okay, we only came here for the big ass margarita special, but then I got hungry so I got the hummus. Also, I got a beer instead of a margarita, wasn't in the mood for it. Also, tried some of my friend's, but t i didn't really like it, not a tequila fan. Anyways, back to the hummus. I enjoyed the flatbread! It was really good. Yum yum. The hummus wasn't bad. There wasn't too much flavor too it, a tint of garlic. Bit pricey for the amount, but I guess it was okay.
4	We lived right around the corner from this place... SO DANGEROUS. With a half-off late night menu (11pm-1am) which includes pretty much everything minus the tacos and a couple other more obscure items, when our late night munchies came grumbling, this place usually took precedence. We are big fans of the Pick-A-Dippa. We usually get the pico (usually very fresh and juicy), guac (consistently delicious and chunky), and the pineapple habanero which seems to vary depending on the season/produce. Sometimes it's straight spicy, sometimes it's a perfect balance of sweet pineapple and a spice that builds on the tongue. The color is usually a good indication of the heat (darker = spicier, yellower = sweeter). We always make sure to order a side of sour cream (which they usually don't charge for) to pair with the pineapple habanero... cuts the heat enough so I can enjoy it. My boyfriend LOVES the wings. Mild San Francisco with blue cheese. He's also a huge fish taco fan and these were some of his favorite in Pittsburgh. I love the house salad with the lime-cilantro vinaigrette (one of the best dressings in Pittsburgh) and the tofu isn't bad either... tofu tacos = yum. Also developed a liking for their quesadillas... I'd usually order one with just cheese, grilled onions and peppers, and corn. Depending on the cook that day, it could be a let-down or it could be amazing. Can't beat the waffle fries which are perfectly crispy or, heaven forbid I forget to mention... the Big Azz Margaritas. I don't like the fact that you can taste the basic pre-mixed margarita underneath all of the fruit flavors, but you can't beat the alcohol content or the size. Be prepared for a very fuzzy, buzzy, brain-freeze. Oakland is okay for college standards (food and service varies greatly depending on when you go), but go to the Shady Side location if you want the best Mad Mex has to offer.
2	Basic Tex Mex. The restaurant offered me nothing I would go back for. I would say if you didn't grow up in or spend considerable amounts of time in the southwest/west you might like this place. I put Mad Mex in the same category as an Apple Bees.
2	Mad Mex Oakland, how I want to love you...I want to love you so bad. In previous reviews of Big Burrito restaurants, I noted that the group could do no wrong. Estaba equivocado--disappointment, thy name is Mad Mex.I don't want this review to be completely negative, though. The margaritas are awesome. The beer list is sweet. They were one of the few places to sport a keg of the Brooklyn Black Chocolate Stout last year. Coming in, sitting at the bar (if you can get a seat), getting an appetizer, and having a good ol' fashioned college night on margaritas blurs together some of my favorite memories of Oakland.Every time I make an attempt to eat a substantial meal there, though, I'm reminded again and again as to why I don't go back for years.This review is nearly five years in the making. That's almost five years of consistently poor service, mediocre food, and minor mistakes--I've gone through everything from a take-out order being filled incorrectly to being charged for drinks I never received to waiting a long time for a meal (no biggie) only to get the wrong meal (it happens) only to receive the right meal with incorrect options (sour cream instead of guac, what was asked to be on the side wasn't there, etc.).There have been up-sides to it, though--servers waiting ten or fifteen minutes to put in our order because we want to take advantage of Happy Hour; usually, as long as it isn't too busy, you can hold a nice small conversation with the servers or bartenders; the ice cream burrito is pretty tasty...but, the downsides are all too common, and nothing has changed in the five years that it took to reach these two stars. The gobble-rito seems like a good reason to try again, and I'm sure in another two months, I'll find myself asking, "Why don't I go back to Mad Mex?", once again completely forgetting the experiences I've had.I am so sorry.
3	I only go to Mad Mex for two things: $7 Big Azz Margaritas from 9 pm to midnight and half-off food from 11 pm to 1 am. The Mex earns a spot in the lineup for 21st birthdays and other occasions that merit bar-hopping and all-night drinking (e.g. midterms, breakups, Tuesdays). The food is consistent and tasty, though not exactly the most authentic Mexican food ever.  There are lots of option for vegetarians and even vegans. I have to eat gluten-free and they've always been accommodating and knowledgeable. Free chips and salsa at the bar is nice.Why does this place get 3 stars instead of 4? Couple reasons:1. Stupid policy of not serving alcohol if there are people under 21 at the table. Sucks when you're out with your underage friends and want some tequila with your enchilada.2. You won't get a table during peak hours unless you're ordering a legit meal. Nachos to share don't count. Which leads me to...3. Super crowded. Very difficult to get a seat at the bar on busy nights.Also, one little weird complaint: the bar is sloped and uneven, so it's VERY easy to have a bowl of salsa or even your drink (dios mio!) slip off, particularly once you've had a few.
4	Mad Mex, has ok food. However, went there for the drinks. Ahhh, it did not disappoint. They have the best margaritas. Moreover, they have a strong beer selection as well. This place is around the corner from me, thus makes even better!
4	This place is pretty good but they do ridiculous stuff like serve you a square burrito that you can't pick and have to eat with a fork. Also, instead of hot sauce, the squirt weird cream sauces stuff on their food for reason. Not mexican but close.
5	One of my favorite places in Pittsburgh! 7dollar Big Azz Margaritas after 9!
5	My favorite place to go for Tex-Mex food!  I can go on and on about this place but let me talk about some of my favorite things.The wing-o-rito is awesome.  It is a burrito with chicken and you get to have your favorite wing sauce in it.  The los wingos wrap is also good and the waffle fries that come with it are amazing especially wen dipped in the spicy blue cheese dressing that they come with.Always always make sure to get chips and salsa as a starter.  They have a number of different kinds of salsa and I like every one I've tried.When you are not so hungry there is el no bono.  They are boneless wings.  We are not talking chicken fingers dipped into wing sauce...this is the real thing only without the bone.  Yum!Then there are the "big ass" margaritas.  They are really good.  They have a lot of different flavors and you can get them either frozen or on the rocks.  I like the original on the rocks with salt and the strawberry frozen.  They also have rotating margarita flavors based on the season.This is the original Mad Mex location and although it is quite small, I consider it the best.  The atmosphere, the music, the workers, the crowd, all make Mad Mex is great.  It does not have the family feel like the suburban locations which I think is good.
4	Great chips and salsa and guacamole with a great selection of salsas and sides. We had taco salad, chicken enchiladas and a cheese quesadilla which were all tasty! Great they have free wi-fi. Service is also great!
4	"Not yo momma's tacos" are my go-to. I always say I'm going to get something different but they really are delicious(as well as a bargain.) My girl always gets the wing-urrito which is a boneless buffalo wing burrito. Ingenious and tasty. This is white people Mexican at it's Pennsylvania finest. Reminds me of El Torito in California. Liz the bar tender is attentive and enjoyable. 7 out of 10 stars. Not Charlie Trotter. Not Taco Bell. Solid grub all in all
4	Went here for the happy hour, and let me tell you, my 1630-1830 happy hour indeed was a happy one. I went with a couple of co workers on a Tuesday and we all got the "Big azz margarita" I chose the 22oz mango margarita on the rocks and it was delicious, a good punch of alcohol and still the mango flavor, which was only 7.00 by the way. I also got the half off wings special as well, got the classic mild buffalo wings, and those too, were a good choice.The place is a little small but is in a pretty good location right off bates and Atwood. seating is limited but it didn't matter, because the atmosphere Andre servers were very welcoming. I think we found our new happy hour slash pre game spot!
3	If you want to eat at a restaurant that proudly advertises its attempt to shoehorn an entire Thanksgiving dinner into a burrito (truly a unique contribution to the obesity epidemic) then this might be the spot for you.Otherwise it's pretty medicore tex-mex.
3	It doesn't pretend to be actual mexican food, but it is good for what it is. Big meals, cheap, served fast. I enjoyed the huge number of vegetarian options - practically everything on the menu can be made meatless if that's how you're rolling. I had tofu in my burrito, which turned out too mild compared to the loud flavors it was paired with. But filled me up, and I love any place the serves chick peas. (I know, I know. I just love them.) I tried some of the corn bread, and will say if you've never had real cornbread you'll like it. It tastes good, because its actually cake.
4	we went for 1/2 off food after 11pm (the night before payday AND you're really hungry type of night) we enjoyed our meal and the atmosphere/music (crowded, but it's Oakland & we didn't have to wait for a table)  the service was great from the servers and hostess. I want to make sure to go back during regular hours and see how it is.. maybe with a little more cash on my debit card too to enjoy a margarita! :)
3	Awesome food if you order straight off the menu without any special instructions. This location is the smallest I've been to. It's elbow to elbow in there almost all the time. And it's LOUD.
4	Mad Mex was my first foray into the Big Burrito group, but actually at the Penn State location.  Once I moved back to the burgh, I was happy to see that one of my favorites from school was available in most of the major suburbs.One thing I was not happy to learn was that the infamous $5 all you can eat burrito and $5 big azz margarita Monday night special didn't make the same journey back west.Nevertheless, anytime I can get a consistently decent carnitas burrito with jalepeno cornbread and slaw, I'll take it.I've been to 4-5 different locations in the burgh and this is definitely the smallest.  Be willing to wait for a table and don't expect to roll-in and easily grab a seat at the bar with both CMU and Pitt anchoring it down.
3	The food here is pretty decent but the atmosphere creeps me out the most. It's pretty grungy looking on the inside and the people that walk in are usually bros who want some margs and wings. While they do have some good items on their menu like their hummus and the angry hippy quesadilla, I'm still put off by their cleanliness and the fact that it's so dark there I can't see my food.
4	This place is fast with friendly staff. The decor is new. Highly recommend!
4	Went here for happy hour...only got drinks which were pretty good. It was super crowded so I guess people love it.
4	It was loud in here. I like Mad Mex. This one is a college hang out. The food was good, and so was the service. I'd be back if I was in the area.
4	Mad Mex will always have a special place in my heart, and my stomach. And probably my liver too. I remember coming here with friends on my 21st birthday, and we all got big azz margaritas. And then some more margaritas. And then some more. And then it got hazy. Same with my senior year in college, when we would come for happy hour. Hazy as well. Given the size and tastiness of the margaritas and the great beer selection, you can see why there's a bit of haziness.Anyways, I definitely think that out of all the Big Burrito restaurants, Mad Mex is my favorite. The half-price menu at this location makes the deal even sweeter. My buddies and I would usually go to Fuel & Fuddle for half-price, but if we ever wanted to mix it up, we would make the trek to Mad Mex, for some wings or burritos. My favorite items are the Large San Francisco wings with bleu cheese, nachos grande, and the black bean dip. Seriously, that black bean dip is pretty epic, and I've found that nary another restaurant in the country has a black bean dip that good. Also, if you haven't tried the blue cornbread, you should. Incredibly moist, and did I mention it's blue? Overall, the prices are great too, and if all else fails, you can't go wrong with a simple bottomless chips and salsa order either. They're also pretty good at making vegan and vegetarian versions of most of the dishes on the menu, which helps when you've got an herbivore in your group.I do wish that it wasn't so crowded on the weekends, and to be fair, Mad Mex doesn't really serve authentic Mexican food, or even Tex-Mex for that matter. As long as you can get over these two facts, Mad Mex is an awesome place to have a big azz margarita, and grab some Tex-Mex-ish American bar food. Also, note that the Shadyside location does NOT have late night food specials like the Oakland location.Nonetheless, I came back not too long ago, and I was glad to see that not much had changed. I'll still never get used to day drinking at Mad Mex. Since it's so dark inside, once you leave the restaurant, the sunlight will almost blind you, and people will think you're more intoxicated than you actually are, even though it's just the burst of light that's disorienting you. And the booze. As I'll leave you to your Yelp Review reading, Mad Mex is an awesome bar to booze and grab some good food with friends, with a few small flaws here and there. I suggest you look past those flaws and just love it for what it is.
4	Between Fuel and Fuddle and this place, I have no idea which I like better. Best time to go to avoid long wait time is to go right before the kitchen closes (around 1am). They turn on the lights around closing time which kind of kills the atmosphere, but if you're only there for the food/drinks, the later the better.Food Recommendations:Pepita HummusSouthwestern WingsShrimp Mushroom Spinach Quesadillas - kind of on the salty sideBlue Cornbread
2	My friend and I went out to eat for a quick bite to eat- we both had nachos- I ordered mine with chicken and she ordered it with steak. Despite the large portion size, the nacho chips were dry and therefore texture wise felt stale. The cheese dried out and wasn't melted - in addition Both of our meats were dry. I would prefer to go to Emiliano's next time and get better nachos there.
4	Do go here for their half off wings special during happy hours and after 11pm. I've never tried anything here besides their wings. But trust me, the wings are good enough to have me keep coming back for more. My favorite flavor is Southwestern--just the right amount of garlic, lime and cilantro. You get to choose between three levels of spiciness, but I usually go for the medium level. The amount of sauce is just right. The wings are crispy and meaty. I highly recommend if you are a wings fan and eating on a budget.
5	This is probably the best Tex Mex place in the city. I have to say that I came for the happy hour and was pleasantly surprised by the quality and versatility of the menu. I've eaten here a number of times (and had drinks here even more times), and I always enjoy the chips and salsa and any vegetarian food that I have had. The taco salad is freakin excellent. And of course, the margaritas are arguably the best in the city (on the same tier as the Cantina in L'ville). Go in and try a Big-Azz Margarita ASAP! I definitely enjoyed the place in Oakland more than the one in Shadyside (I wrote another review for the Shadyside branch)- the place is less crowded, more intimate, and the wait staff is cooler- however, it takes a while to get your food so plan to have a couple of drinks with good company as you wait.
3	After spending a long cold day moving my college student into an apartment,, we were hungry and thirsty (not necessarily in that order!).  Mad Mex was a few blocks away tucked away in the south oakland student neighborhhod.  After a giant plate of nachos,  and a tall margarita, the world was suddenly looking brighter.  In addition to the tasty margaritas, I was pleasantly surprised to find they had about a dozen craft beers on tap as well. They were running a special on Bells, $5 for 22 oz,   I tried the smitten golden rye, while my  IPA loving husband had the two hearted ale.  they were both exellent and went great with the food.  The food itself was decent if nothing amazing. I thought the nachos were a little dry, the burrito was good though.  the menu is huge and there are a lot of vegetarian options. would come back,especially for the craft beers.
4	I like the craft beer selection here. There are about a dozen and a half craft options on tap from breweries such as Great Lakes and Troegs. The beers are fairly fresh and continually bring rotated.The atmosphere is nice too. The music is enjoyable and at an appropriate volume such that you can hear it and easily carry on a conversation. The restaurant is dimly light which is easy o. The eyes as the night caries on. The only thing I didn't like it that the decor obstructed the view of the television; however, Mad Mex is more of a place to catch up with friends than catch a game.
5	Food is really good and drinks also. It is a first time I had food on Pa. Prices also not bad. I heard they have couple locations here. I wish they were in MD
3	So this is the best place so far in Pittsburgh for Mexican that I've found. However, I'm sure there's some hidden gem out there somewhere. I wish this particular location was bigger. Every time I go it's completely full and a bit loud. I love that they have the black bean dip from Kaya in the strip as well as pretty similar fish tacos for less $. The margaritas aren't bad, but I usually only get them during happy hour.
4	Definitely one of the to-go places if you're a college student on Pitt/CMU campus. Half off after 11 will make it easy on your wallet. Lots of good noms and  the half-off special is quite extensive ... can use on most of the top picks. I'm personally a fan of their enchiladas, especially the carnitas (steak meat) enchilada. Pickadippa is also a good appetizer to start if you're into the salsa and dip for chip kinda thing.
4	I love this Oakland location. As college students at Carnegie Mellon, we used to swing by here allllll the time for the half off big azz margs after 10PM and half off food at 11PM (which is totally the best way to motivate college students to frequent your restaurant).This place is a must for margaritas! Some margs change based on the season, but all will knock you over! They are STRONG, but do not taste strong - so watch out!My fave has and always will be the Spicy Mad Mex Burrito with chicken. Om nom nom. And you can't beat Pittsburgh prices. You just can't.
3	Late night half off was great! Besides having to wait 20 minutes to get a table, I overall liked my visit. The portions are huge for the value. Would not have gone if it wasn't half off though. I shared the nachos with steak between three other people, and that was really good and cheesy. For myself I got the chicken chimi. The accents of lime (in a friend's enchilada) and the seasoning on the chicken chimi were appreciated. I'll definitely want to come back on another night to try other things on their menu. Also, on a last note, we'd asked the waitress about the portions, and compared to all the other items, the quesadillas were the smallest portions.
5	I went here with my son a few days ago who will be attending the University of Pittsburgh in the fall.   Wanted Mexican but didn't want the national chain stuff like Chipotle and Qdoba (which are right on Forbes Avenue,  basically Eatery Row).   We took a four block walk from the main drag and saw the neighborhood get a little seedier as we walked.   The outside of Mad Mex looks scantily enticing and the inside of the place just a little but better (I loved the Mexican Day of the Dead artwork, though).   Our waitress was prompt and friendly but never overboard.   My son order a vegetarian dish and I ordered a house special enchilada.   Both were excellent.  My dish had spinach & zucchini,  two things I didn't expect in a chicken enchilada.   But it definitely added to the entree which was perfectly spiced.   The place also has a very good bottle &  draft menu.  Prices were compatible to other Mexican restaurants.   All in all,  a worthwhile trip off the beaten path.   I will definitely.  I will definitely be making g another trip here when I return in August with my son & wife.
5	Always has great beer. Wings are my favorite thing to order by far.  Oakland and shadyside locations are my favorite. Shadyside has a big square bar and open garage door windows when it's nice. Oakland is dark and small in a good way. It's best to go here in the afternoon or early evening because it can get crazy and packed with people.
1	VERY LOUD MUSIC during busy hours. Can't eat if plugging ears. Our table couldn't hear each other talk so decided to write reviews instead.Normally it's alright. Food only worth the price during late night half price.
2	The food is pretty unique which makes up for it not being authentic Mexican food. They have some interesting burritos which are fun to try but I only come here for half price because then the food is more worth it.However, coming here late is rather uncomfortable as it is full of people drinking mostly margaritas (which are pretty amazing mind you) and some how the waiter uses that as the reason they can't lower the volume below deafening; I'm writing this review at a full table because we all agreed to give up talking till we leave.
4	*A great place to hang w/ friends for late night delicious food and drinks ($7 margaritas) for low prices, good servings. Food is 1/2 off from 11:00PM-1:00AM. I recommend the Hand Mex Tofu Wrapture ($5) and Pennsyltucky Fried Tofu appetizer ($4) for vegetarians. The Fried Tofu appetizer comes in decent servings and the tofu wrapture..I've never had anything like this before. The wrap tastes great - a really creative spin of a vegetarian Chipotle-burrito. It's completely filling, with mexican rice and tofu with pico de gallo. But what really ties the whole thing together is their wing sauce. I chose Honey Chipotle BBQ and the wrap went from crisp to complex - a mix of fresh ingredients with that subdued but detectable taste of sweet and spicy.(Street parking, may be a bit annoying to find a space nearby. Luckily we found a spot two blocks away.)
4	This Mad Mex is small, but mighty!  I don't understand the bad reviews--yes, it's a chain, but the food here is really good and the same as all the other locations I've been to.  I work in Oakland and if I can take a long lunch, I like to come here.  It's not usually that busy around lunchtime and you can definitely get in and out in less than an hour.  Staff is friendly and they have an awesome beer selection in case you're not coming here during the workday like me!
4	Love the beer selection for happy hours here.  The service is always great, and the vegan selection is great! Their menu lays out what is vegan, and they also have many substitutes like vegan cheese and sour cream. My only complaint is how dark and loud it is. Being in the heart of a college town, I wouldn't expect anything else, but still always a great experience.
4	This has consistently been the best spot for student drink and food specials. Always delicious! Definitely a dark and noisy atmosphere, but a good time.
5	The burritos. So good! Had one at about 2pm on a Saturday and didn't need to eat again all day! The frozen margarita/sangrias are also awesome and delicious. The decor is super cool -- they are totally working the whole "day of the dead" theme, and it's great. Service was perfect: friendly, attentive, and informative. Great experience!
3	The food here is usually good - the thai burrito is unique and tasty and the fried tofu is delicious even for a non-tofu eater. The margaritas are fantastic, especially when they're discounted for happy hour and late night. I like the seasonal variations as well as the usual flavors. A few margs and a pickadippa is always a good decision.The service at this location, however, is bad. The restaurant is small and as a result the servers rush you in and out. I have been here at least two dozen times, and almost every time the servers have been at best inattentive and at worst blatantly rude if we stay at the table longer than 2 minutes after the entree is done. This doesn't just happen when the restaurant is busy - we were there a few days ago in an almost empty restaurant on a Thursday night and two waitresses stood four feet away from us and glared for 30 minutes. Everyone at my table commented on how uncomfortable it was. I really do like Mad Mex at this location and I'm going to keep going because I love the margaritas - but the service needs to improve.
4	We have ventured here a few times since our first visit.. both for regular menu and half priced. Just an fyi it's always busy during the half.priced food. I honestly have never had to wait but they sure know how to cram people in the smallest possible space. What I normally order is the Los wingos wrap. I get the boneless wings with the honey bbq sauce. There is also (Mexican?) rice inside so it's very filling. I normally order it with waffle fries since you get to choose a side.The big azz Margarita is also a fav. I normally order strawberry, but in August the flavor of the month was peach. That was also tasty and their list of Margaritas is lengthy.. Still need to try the sangria Margarita. The mad Mex burrito is also good. I always get it with chicken. I've also had the curry burrito (with chicken). It honestly wasn't my fav. I barely tasted the curry. It was more of a marinated or seasoned chicken than that curry taste. However, the peanuts and pineapple were a nice touch. The bean spouts were not a good touch and the Mexican slaw also wasn't appealing to my taste buds.. Maybe some but not mine.The chimi is probably my favorite. It's really delicious!!!! This is not offered as half priced. It comes with beans and Mexican rice as a side but of course the chimi is the star of the show!!Bobby and I have split the nacho grande and then once our food was delivered, we were too full to eat.. Piled highhhh but very good though. Honestly two people ordering drinks and nachos is plenty to catch up or as a snack.Mad Mex is still satisfying in my book.
3	The best thing about this place is the late night half price menu. Otherwise, it's relatively pricey, super dark, very noisy, and TINY. Don't expect to have any real conversation here or to eat a meal without being bumped into a million times by people coming and going. I don't think this place would do well if it weren't for the college kids in the area looking for drunk food after 11pm.
3	I have been here many times and the food is pretty good. I almost always go after 11PM when most of the menu items are half-off. My favorite thing to get is the Los Wingos Wrap with waffle fries as a side. This would normally set me back about $10 but after 11 I can get this yummy and filling meal for just under $5 plus tip. I also enjoy their chips and Kaya Yucatan Black Bean Dip. Be warned that they often seem to run out of basic ingredients very early. My friend ordered the Chopper Salad once only to be told that they were out of chickpeas and 2 other main ingredients. If you drink, you should know that the drinks here can be a bit pricey. The service is slow and the wait staff isn't too attentive. The music is so loud that you won't really be able to have any type of conversation with the people around you. During the half-price promotional period the place is always packed with college students so come early to reserve a seat or be prepared to wait for 15-30 minutes.All in all a good place for a very cheap late night meal.
5	Maybe I was just really hungry, but the grilled chicken torta and casa salad that I got was spot on! It was tasty and fresh. I really enjoyed a mix of the cilantro lime dressing that came with the salad and the chipotle aioli sauce that came with the torta. My friend got a burrito and cleaned his plate. Plus, we ordered past 10pm, so we ended up getting half off our food order!I also got a margarita on the rocks, which was pretty good. A solid margarita. I liked that they had a variety of drink choices. (Lots of choices for people, like me, who aren't beer fans.) Thinking of trying their sangria margarita next time...The service was standard. The ambiance was ok. I couldn't hear the people across from me that well because of the noise/music level, but we just had to talk a little louder than usual. I'm basically giving this place five stars because the food was excellent (and everything on the menu looked pretty good); plus, the drinks were good (with lots of drink options). Oh, and it's open for food till later in the night! (There don't seem to be that many other places to go to past 10pm.) I would definitely go back, especially if it's a late night dinner.
4	Great place to go with your friends! Had a frozen raspberry big azz marg which was excellent. My friend and I split the nachos which was a good idea-- the portion was huge. The only downside of this place is the size, had to wait forty minutes for a table for four. Always crowded on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. Ambiance is nice, but get here early if you want a table!
1	Good food, but bartenders are not able to recognize a legitimate ID and don't have the necessary tools to check one.
4	True fact: I haven't been to a Mad Mex in over two years.  As you might guess from reading my review of the Shadyside Mad Mex, this is because I've generally been unimpressed with the quality of the food, and I'm not a fan of super-noisy places. However, I'd heard rumors, beginning last year, of a curious and delicious seasonal entree known as the Gobblerito--a burrito filled with turkey, stuffing, and mashed potatoes, with cranberry sauce on the side.  This fall, I vowed to try this chimeric creation, and receiving a $5 off coupon for being on the Big Burrito mailing list sealed the deal.  So, last night, I ventured over to the Oakland Mad Mex, which I'd never visited before, with a friend to consume the beast.My friend and I started off with 12 oz. pumpkin pie margaritas--this month's margarita flavor--which, thanks to happy hour, were discounted to $3 each.  They were all right, but not quite as flavorful as other margarita flavors I've tried at Mad Mex.  After perusing the menu, she decided to order the portobello enchiladas, whereas I, needless to say, ordered the gobblerito.  Our food came out about 10-15 min. after ordering, and the food runners confused our orders, which I quickly (and passionately) corrected.  The gobblerito, while pretty substantial, wasn't as gargantuan as I'd pictured it--its dimensions were roughly 5"x8".  While it was quite delicious, savory, and interesting, I wasn't quite as blown away as I'd hoped to be by the experience.  I found the amount of gravy on it rather skimpy, and the contents weren't evenly distributed throughout the burrito. It was still pretty yummy, however!  Surprisingly, I was able to devour the whole thing in one sitting--although I considered stopping 3/4 of the way through but decided against it, given that there wouldn't have been sufficient leftovers to justify another meal.Although I didn't try my friend's enchilada, since I was too busy putting away the gobblerito, she told me that it was quite delicious.  However, she pointed out to me that, when she took out the leftovers for her lunch today, she found small pieces of chicken in it, which she hadn't noticed last night due to the dim lighting.  Fortunately, she isn't vegetarian, so this wasn't an issue for her, but this leads me to question their practices when it comes to vegetarian food preparation.Service was generally good, although it was pretty busy at the time of our visit (6pm).  We were able to get a table right away with no problem.  As for the atmosphere, similar to the Shadyside location, it was quite dark and boisterous, but much smaller and more intimate.Overall, eating the gobblerito was an interesting experience, and I'd definitely recommend trying it if you haven't before.  It was good enough that I'd probably do it again next year--especially if I receive another coupon--but not perfect by any means.  Truth be told, the gobblerito is about the only food-related reason I'd revisit Mad Mex--though I'd be willing to come back for the margaritas, for sure!
5	I recommend going to MadMex for half-off late night! So good and so cheap! My huge burrito that I had was less than $5 but it was so filling I couldn't even walk because I was so full. It's a bit small so there may be a wait, but its so worth. And you can always call in to make a reservation. I would definitely recommend the burritos and the buffalo wings.
3	Food was good. Drinks were tasty.Guacamole was nice.Wish I did the burrito in a bowl though as they're huge.Nice to visit the original mad mex.
