5	This place is awesome!  Try the meatball appetizer but save room for the best wood-oven pizza in AZ!
5	Warm atmosphere, smiling faces and cold beer!  Oh and a great menu with excellent food. Try the meatballs and the mignulata. Very delicious. Pizza choices include tasty standards like sausage (from local favorite DeFalco's) and more trendy tastes like fig and goat cheese. I wish it was closer to home. We would have our own permanent table!
5	Cool atmosphere, but who's looking when the food is this good???????  Grapes and Gorgonzola salad, followed by incredible wood-fired pizza with three types of sausage...and then the cheesecake with warm fig-Sambuca sauce.  Maybe I'll go back tomorrow!
4	service was quite friendly and attentive, and the food was great.the fig/goat cheese/mint bruschetta doused lightly with fig sambuca was delicious, though its relative heaviness and sweetness reminded me more of dessert rather than appetizer. roasted vegetable salad could be a meal by itself....very satisfying because it is not by any means a small serving and includes rich goat cheese and is served with wood fired bread on the side.nothing better than wood-fired pizza (and bread)! the pizza with artichoke, red peppers, and mushrooms was phenomenal. the rappini pizza i sampled was good, but missing something....more garlic and onion perhaps?the bread here was heavenly (as good or better than bianco), as was the pizza dough on both pizzas i tried. crispy on the outside without being fossilized or burnt, and chewy on the inside. lamp definitely has a handle on the bread/dough aspect.i didn't try dessert, but the ones listed on the menu read highly tasty and unique in print....
5	There is a lot of competition in Phoenix for wood fired pizza. Out of your options of Bianco/Grimaldi's/La Grande Orange/CPK, the pizza in itself here ranks in the middle. Given how busy the other places get, if you are located in the area, I highly recommend this little place. They have wine and some bottled beer, the salads are quality and fresh, but I wouldn't go there just for a salad. For the pizza selection you have fairly standard gourmet options, ingredients are top notch, and the crust is made fresh daily. The pizza is mouth watering when you see it and is equally satisfying when the warm crust hits your mouth.This place opened up recently and I see myself there quite a bit.
5	It is always a pleasure to find a nice new restaurant up near Pinnacle Peak. We tried LAMP, and we were thoroughly satisfied!  The margherita with crimini mushrooms and sausage was excellent, and the grape/gorgonzola/pine nut salad was generous with a very tasty vinaigrette.  The staff were very attentive and it's obvious they care about their customers, their product and presentation. We're going back soon!  Give it a try. This is a tough area to make a small restaurant profitable, and we want to see this one stay a while!
3	Overall good place. Pizza was good and a great selection. The service however was really slow and non-attentive. Took 30 minutes after being seated to have wine and sodas at the table. Cute place, but the acoustics need some help, very noisy. Would go back if in the neighborhood.
5	I heard about this new restaurant and decided to try it out this evening. I have to say that I can't wait to go back. The arugula and white bean salad with red wine vinaigrette was one of the best salads I've had. I added chicken to it and it's large enough to be a meal. It's served with 2 pieces of crostini that is made from the bread that they make fresh daily. Too bad they don't sell the bread separately. But you need to leave some room for the pizza. It's made in an authentic wood burning oven and the red sauce and cheese they use are incredibly good and fresh. I just had a piece of the Margherita pizza that my friend ordered and I was convinced they knew how to make pizza here. The owner takes pride in everything that gets served and has been known to toss out anything he feels is not perfect and start all over. I can't wait to go back and try the different pizzas and salads. This is a great local restaurant located at the northeast corner pf Pinnacle Peak and Pima Rd and I recommend it very highly.
5	"I love Lamp" -Brick Tamland All kidding aside this place can hold it's own with some of the top pizza powers in Phoenix. (eg. Bianco, Cibo).  Very Impressed!
5	My family loves this place!  We have had Meatballs, Mignulata (not to be missed), Three Crustini, Eggplant Parmigiana, Arugula and White Bean Salad, Margarita Pizza, Grilled Vegetable Pizza, Toasted Marshmallow Milkshake.  The one thing we did not like very much was the Ricotta Cheesecake.  It tasted like it was bought and spent too much time in the refrigerator.  My 7 and 5 year old loves the food and the old fashioned root beer (and the toasted marshmallow milkshake, of course). I love the Simply Naked Unoaked Chardonnay, not too cold, perfect temperature.  My husband like a very cold Sierra Nevada. We are here every other weekend.  I tend to over order so I can have lunch the next day.  Cold meatball sandwiches!It's small, with miss matched chairs and beautiful warm lighting.It's a great place for families.  I'm glad LAMP is in my neighborhood.
3	This place is good, and for the North Scottsdale area a welcome higher end normal place to eat. It is no Pizzeria Bianco, but given the choices out here, I get the 5 star ratings. Being surrounded by either expensive or bad places (and sometimes both) raises your boat, sorta like being the smartest kid in special ed class. Don't get me wrong, good food, passable service, in a pleasant dining room at a cost that, while not a bargain, is not a rip off either.
4	A very solid pizzeria.  My patronage would be a lot more consistent if the Valley Neapolitan Pizza scene wasn't already firmly dominated by first movers, Pizzeria Bianco and Pomo.   Still, this place offers some subtle variations from the two that are worth trying...specifically the banana/nutella pizza.
4	I love this place and can't wait to go back in the beautiful warm weather to sit on their patio and languish over another delicious pizza!We have tried all the newer pizza places that have sprung up in North Scottsdale, but none have come close to LAMP's fresh ingredients and perfectly done thin crust. I had a hard time making up my mind on which ingredients to add to my pizza. (There is usually something I want on all the different pizzas, and because I'm not a meat person, I make my own combo.)  This night it was onion, mushroom and ricotta. The wood roasted crimini mushrooms were so tasty I could have eaten them all by themselves, and the onion, which was described as a caramelized onion marmalade, was amazing. I think I picked a winner! My husband had "The Scientist" which was topped with different kinds of salami and green olives. He devoured every bite in record time. Our friend had the Grilled Vegetable version and she, too, ate it all, except a few pieces of crust! We all agreed that we would definitely go back!At LAMP, they don't over-sauce the red pizzas so you get to taste all the flavors of the toppings. If you make your own, they advise not picking more than four toppings so that the pizza slice will still be manageable to eat . . . .as it should be. (I try to stay away from knife and fork pizzas!)A friend of mine was there a couple weeks ago and raved about the Toasted Marshmallow Milkshake . . . I begged my husband to order one so I could taste it, but he said we'd save it for another time when he remembers to leave a couple pieces of his pie to take home. He was just too full!Our server was friendly and attentive, and gave us plenty of time to make up our minds. He was efficient, but not intrusive.The restaurant itself is pretty funky, but comfortable. The red tile LAMP oven is one of the centerpieces of the room. I loved the mixed up chair designs. The space is comfortable. By 6:30 pm, the place was packed with couples, families and groups of friends. I can see LAMP having great success as it is unpretentious but serves up some great food.  In the immortal words of Arnold . . . "I'll be back . . . "
3	We enjoyed the Grapes and Gorgonzola Salad topped with toasted pine nuts and fresh torn basil, this salad had a really good taste.  A very good grilled piece of tasty Lamp's Bread comes with the salad. Many nice salads are on the menu and they are large as a meal or enough to share.Next we had to share a pizza so we went with the Margherita pizza but added Calabrian Peppers. Soon the pizza came out and the crust was very thin and very crisp but only half way and around the middle it was soggy. The sauce seemed good. The reason I am giving three stars instead of four stars is because I didn't like the cheese blend on this pie. The cheese on our pie came out chewy and rubbery not melty gooey. I note they do offer a variety of cheeses and others might be better. Neither of us liked the Calabrian Peppers because they were heavily salted and we didn't expect that also the peppers didn't pack much heat. We didn't ask for Calabrian Oil on the pizza but we were told they added it to our pie instead of the olive oil that they normally do since we got the peppers so I might have gotten more flavor on my pie than it normally gets.I liked that the slices are thin and very light.Overall this place is worth a try!
3	Good pizza. They charge for bread!  Pedestrian, fast food decor. Horrendously noisy when full..
3	Good gourmet pizza for the area, but super busy!  I know that's a good sign, but the acoustics are so bad that it's like talking in a wind tunnel or something.  I wish they had a full bar :(
3	We tried almost all the pizza places in Arizona. We have been here several times and tried some of the pizzas. We would rate the place 4 for the quality of pizza. The crust is well done. Their nutella pizza is so yummy. The kicker, Margherita pizzas are really good.The service is so slow and it is disappointing to sit with empty glasses and the waiters not paying attention. The place deserves 4 stars but with that service, I would give it only 3.
5	We have been here so many times we feel like family :)  My daughter loves the Simple salad with sauteed chicken and the Toasted Marshmallow milkshake.  My favorite is the Grapes and Gorgonzola salad with grilled chicken and the Pepperoni pizza with Piquante peppers (I can't get enough!)  The service is always great and love the atmosphere.
5	I went here earlier in the week for lunch and had a fantastic pizza- "The Scientist".  First off, the crust was excellent- no soggy middle like the ones they serve at Pomo.  The toppings- dry cured capocollo, sopressata Salami, and one other type of meat, along with green olives really made his pizza special.The staff was great as well.  Just from talking to them, they obviously take a lot of pride in their pizza.  I definitely recommend this place if you are in the area.
5	Move over Pizzeria Bianco you have met your match. I have been to Lamp at least 12 times and it keeps getting better. The young owners are there day and night and really have mastered the limited menu. Ingredients are very fresh, the choices provide tasty and interesting salads, pizzas and yes even desserts. The crostini which come with the salads and made fresh daily are outstanding. The entire experience from the greeting at the front door to delivery of the check is done with a spirit of " we appreciate your business and we're here to accommodate you"Being from the NY area I have probably eaten at over 100 pizza restaurants over the years and rank Lamp within the top 3 or 4. Bellissimo!
3	I am 1 for 2 at Lamp. The first time I went, I sat at the counter had quick service and great food. So, I decided to bring my wife and daughter with me and the encounter was less than memorable. Yes, the food was good, but the service was... really awful. It was 7:30 pm on a weekday night and a light crowd (save for a table of six nearby whose noise was deafening). With many empty tables, we were seated in the corner next to the restrooms and the rather loud diners who lingered long after the bill came. But, hey, that's their prerogative.The food was good but we were greeted by two servers--one plus a trainee. There were long gaps in service during which our apathetic servers vanished or chatted with other diners. Our salad order was delivered incorrectly and all of our food pretty much came at once. And then our service pair vanished again. My wife had to go to the front of the house to get a box and our bill as to not prolong our stay.Lamp is in a spot that has had quite a bit of turnover in a shopping center that resembles a modern day ghost town. I was pleased after my first visit to see a new, exciting dining establishment come to our neighborhood. They best fix their service issues or be the next in line to come and go from North Pima Road.
4	I've been here three times with my parents and it's turned into one of our new favorite restaurants! I've tried three of the salads, the grapes and gorgonzola and the antipasto were my favorites however, I wasn't really a fan of the grilled vegetable salad. My parents always get a pizza and I'm not sure which ones they have gotten but they're always really good! I've also gotten the meatballs as an appetizer and they were good but not anything too special. The staff is very friendly and accommodating, they brought my salad just as I had asked for it. Overall, I haven't had a bad experience at this restaurant and the food is awesome!
5	Yum! My bosses wife picked up a bunch of pizzas from here last week and brought them into the office. I don't know what all she got but the pieces I tried were very tasty. I loved their sauce and the chewy crust! I snagged a piece of bread that comes with the salads and it was also very good. Its a pretty far drive from where I live so not sure if I will ever get to have the tastiness of LAMP again, but if I am ever in the area and hungry this will be my spot!
4	Ok we loved it. Upsides: Chewy crust. The white sausage pizza had Carmelized onion relish....perfectly sweet balance. (and I dislike sausage pizza). The white mushroom was also great...lots of fresh mushrooms! Zucchini cakes TO DIE FOR. Also, fig and goat cheese with mint bruschetta was fab. We also LOVED the white beam arugula salad. Frankly, there was nothing we didn't really enjoy. Great pizza for those of us too far north to drive to Bianco.  Also, we had great service. Downsides: it's loud in there. They tried to seat us back by bathroom, it was too loud so we moved up front for a slightly better sound situation.  Rugs or some sort of sound barrier would help a lot. Also, we were one of a few tables but waited a long time. So long they brought an extra bruschetta (very nice of them!).
5	Great great pizza!  Love this place, eat here at least once a week. The crust is to die for, the toppings super interesting, great salads and appetizers.  Really everything is top notch.
4	Wood fired pizza with meats from Defalcos, what more could you possibly want? With my ancestors from Calabria, my heart, along with my taste buds, were warmed by the Kicker, which features Calabrian salami and hot oil. The Nutella shake as a desert was also a nice European-styled touch! Will be returning soon!
4	Great pizza combinations is why you come here, but the crust is so-so.  They have a good selection of salads, with the arugula/white bean being my favorite and their bruschetta is really really good.  There are a couple of wierd things about this place.  The bartender can act a little strange and their beer selection is just terrible.  Come on guys, gourmet/brilliant pizzas deserves gourmet/brilliant beers to go with them.  Also, we've been there on Friday and Saturday nights and were told up front, if we wanted to order pizza there was a very long wait.  What?  A pizza place that can't produce pizzas efficiently?Finishing up, they have some really cool milkshakes.  Our daughters just love them.This place is definitely worth trying and you will love the food.  Hopefully, they will get all the kinks worked out.
5	The absolute best pizza in the valley. Along with superb appetizers and soups, Lamp has become a weekly visit.  The owners and staff are friendly and pleasant.  The service is always top notch, unlike other pizza establishments we have visited.  The best true Napolitano pizza in AZ.  Be sure to try the milkshakes. The kids love them.
5	I am from New York and always asked where do I get best pizza? Hands down Lamps Pizzeria is the BEST!!!!!!  Always fresh ingredients and friendly staff and owner.
4	This place has a great feel to it...comfortable and rustic.  The wood fired oven is quite a showpiece in red tile.  The pizza was delicious...we tried the Gem with sausage and pepperoni from DeFalco's, ricotta cheese and garlic - yummy!  The service was good too.
5	Very good pizza and salad. Great for lunch or casual dinner.
5	This place is FABULOUS in every way!Clean & spacious.  GREAT staff.  Fig-Sambuca Bruschetta appetizer is one of the best things I've ever eaten.  My gosh, what a perfect combination of ingredients on perfectly toasted bread.  Big chunks of soft figs in their own sauce - kind of like a compote.  Smears of goat cheese.  All sprinkled with fresh mint.  Yes, mint!  WONDERFUL!Neapolitan style pizza - perfectly baked in a wood fired oven.  I ordered a Geppetto, which they were super nice about customizing.  I subbed mushrooms for the sausage.  It's a white pizza which comes with Gorgonzola and Carmelized Onion Marmalade.  I added Sicilian Cured Black Olives.  Absolutely delicious.Dessert - tried the caramelized banana Nutella pizza.  I've had many, many versions of Nutella pizza, and this one was distinct in that they applied the Nutella prior to baking which gave a toasty crunchiness that I really enjoyed.  It comes with a side of orange honey Ricotta cream, which it absolutely does not need.  If you use it, the dessert takes on a cheesecake flavor.  I found it was perfect on its own.An outstanding meal, thank you!!
4	Have gone to LAMP Pizzeria now three times and each time have been just as satisfied as the last. They use quality ingredients, deliver a consistent service, very friendly staff and owner, and the atmosphere is very nice. Overall a very nice place with great quality pizza that tastes delicious.  My wife has enjoyed the salads, I have tasted several of their homemade soups and they are great, and we all love the pizza without question. The one thing which was strange to me was the addition of pecorino cheese to the traditional mozzarella cheese on the pizzas. The first time I had it their way and it was good, but since then we ask them to hold the pecorino for the kids as they prefer the more simple flavors as I think I do as well.  Either way it is a great place to go and you will not be disappointed. For us it will become a frequent stop when in the mood for a great pizza, true Neapolitan style.
4	This place really has some interesting appetizers and outstanding pizza also with amazing taste combos not commenly found on your traditional pie.  I agree with Kristin the Fig-Sambucca is simply outstanding.  The price, decor and layout of the restaurant is ok which holds them back from a 5 star however if you are looking for great pizza experience in North Scottsdale give this place a try you wont be disappointed.
5	By far the coziest restaurant in North Scottsdale, with food and service to match. The owner and staff are little gems. I have tried many of their pizzas and all of them beyond satisfied my taste buds.I am very impressed by Lamp Pizzeria and have no doubt that they will be very successful. It is the personality of the owner that shines through the great flavorful food.Yes, I am somewhat addicted to this place but it's easy to understand why and I am confident that it will become one of your favorite restaurants to savor a delicious artisan pizza.You also must try the mignulata. one of the best appetizers I have ever had. I will not describe it here, just go and have some!
5	Great atmosphere, smiling faces, cold beer. What more can you want?  Well the menu is great with choices from the simple - pepperoni and sausage to more complex flavors like fig and arigula and goat cheese. Great new place!
5	New favorite spot for pizza in Troon. We used to frequent Rare Earth pizza but the crust at LAMP is definitely superior which is saying a lot. It has that slightly charred flavor that is so hard to find. Our server was James and he was awesome.
4	Come on! This place is ridiculous!I used to work at a country club right down the street and spent many an exhausted all-too-short break at the nearby Starbucks. I always thought Lamp's signage was cute and put it on my mental list of places to try.Last night we decided to try some place new for our *1**year**anniversary* (Aw, a year ago we went on our first date and he thought I hated him the whole time) and Lamp was it. The menu looked tasty...but nothing could prepare me for the ...CROSTINI. You must get this. You must. Toasty bread (next time I'll ask for a bit more char...I love grill marks on my bread! More flavah!) and onion/cheese-adorned flatbread wedges served along a trio of dips: Herbed Ricotta, White Bean/Roasted Red Pepper and (be still my heart) Rough Chop Pesto. The RCP was a flavor explosion of whole toasted pinenuts, fresh basil (in December? I like AZ), garlic, parm and magic. The herbed ricotta (It looked like a lil scoop of vanilla ice cream!) was a bit bland BUT, when combined with the RCP, it popped! The white bean/roasted red pep stood on it's own as well. This is one of my favorite appetizers of all time, hands down.But what about the main event, the pizza? Two words: HOLY SAUCE. Both our pies were red sauced (Need to try the white pizza next time!) and it was pretty much a religious experience for me. Sauce was lightly done, as to not overpower anything, but it was SO fresh and homemade tasting. The Grandma had red chiles, onion and provolone (to die) and The Simple was a margherita topped with MOUNDS of arugula and fresh parm shavings with a sprinkling of extra virgin. They were both EXCELLENT.Our server was sweet and kind of spastic, as we saw her run into about 3-4 tables, chairs, diners, etc. It was kind of funny. Lamp is absolutely a new go-to! I LOVE LAMP! (Several years late, really cool reference points for me)
5	I'm from Chicago, lived in Italy, and my family is originally from Brooklyn.  I feel that I've had some of the best pizza in the world.  My friend suggested LAMP.  I must say that most restaurants in AZ do not compare to those in Chicago, and certainly NYC, however, LAMP is an exception.  The crust is very good, the toppings are exceptional.  My favorite was the L.P., and instead of anchovies we opted for their Calabrese hot peppers.  I prefer not to eat pepperoni on pizza since most use the standard commercial sliced pepperoni stick, but this place uses a true southern pepperoni, which had a nice spice to it.  We also had the meatball appetizer, and my feedback to my friend was that the owner's recipe does not compare to my family's, and my family's recipe does not compare to the owner's - to each his own right.  We also had a fig & goat cheese bruschetta that was good, pretty rich in taste.  Order it if you really like goat cheese.  I will certainly suggest this locale to my parent's and will return upon my next visit to Scottsdale.  Buon Natale...
5	Dear lord! So our company had its Christmas luncheon here last Friday, So glad I got to have this pizza again! The restaurant itself is small and narrow but very cute and was able to accommodate our group of 12. For a starter I got the meatballs, and had offered to share them with the people sitting around me. I wish I hadn't, they were Soho tasty! For a pizza I ordered the Gem and had them add some green olives to it. AMAZING! MY bosses wife ordered the Kensington and offered to let me try it. I normally don't like white pizza, but it looked interesting with the arugula piled high on it. But ones I bit into it I had a food gasam in my mouth! Under the arugula was FIGS!!! Seriously people, who puts figs on a pizza???? Lamp does, and thank god they do because I haven't been able to stop thinking about it since I took the last bite! I will FOR SURE be making the 40+ drive up to this place from my house and dragging my husband along as he HAS to try this pizza!!! Just amazing!
5	Delicious food.  Try "the Simple" and add the prosciutto.  Earthy, salty with a touch of sweet.  For dessert, don't miss the Nutella milkshake.  Yes. Nutella.
3	This place is really close to our home.  We come here when we don't want to cook at home and don't want to drive far.  I had a couple of their pizzas and they are good, however, not enough that I would crave it.  I also like the Grape and Gorgonzola salad when I don't want to overload on carbs.  Sometimes service is a little slow, with twins I get a little nervous,  I try not to annoy other patrons, so sometimes I have my hubby order the food and I keep the twins in the car watching a movie for a little bit until it is almost time to have the food at the table,  this seems to be working for us, specially if the restaurant and the parking situation are close.
5	Love this place.  The service is always great.  The pizza and salads are incredible.  It's nice to have a gourmet, wood fired pizza place close to home.
4	First trip to LAMP Pizzeria this past Saturday night.My wife and I are big fans of gourmet pizza, and we had been hearing about LAMP in North Scottsdale. We managed to get a sitter, and make the trip from North Central Phoenix. We heard that LAMP was in the same center as Mastro's, and we were expecting it to be upscale,and maybe a little stuffy. We were pleasantly surprised to find a warm, friendly space, with a casually hip feel. We got a table by the patio, with a great view of the open kitchen area. We were greeted by a pleasant server who recommended a couple of excellent glasses of red wine. The menu was diverse, with some nice salads, and an intriguing selection of pizzas.. It had all the things we look for in a pizza, and we were especially pleased with the multiple choices of white pizzas. We ordered the grilled vegatable salad. It was a simple salad, with big chunks of grilled vegetables, and a good quality goat cheese. The dressing was a tangy vinigerette, that complimented the perfectly grilled veggies. We could have selected several of the pizzas, but we couldn't pass up the Wood Roasted Mushroom pizza. It was a beautiful white pizza, with large pieces of earthy, wild mushrooms. Garlic was the strongest flavor, but the cheeses held up nicely, and the overall flavor was terrific. The crust was just the way we like- thin, crispy and chewy, with slighly burnt edges.  I love eating left-over pizza the next day, and that is usually a good indicator of how good the pizza was. The pizza from LAMP was just as good the next day. We didn't get a chance to have a Nutella milk-shake with Frangelico, but we will the next time we are there. LAMP is a nice, casual-but-elegant spot, with terrific wood-fired pizzas. It's a long drive for us, but we'll go back.
3	OK, not great.  Pizza dough is tough and they should supply a steak knife to cut it.  My beer was delivered with a hot glass, straight from the dishwasher?  The wine is the smallest pour in Scottsdale.  pizza ingredients are good, but over all expensive for what you get.  And what is it with the two. Feet high swivel seats at the bar that are impossible to dine on?  Rare Earth, around the corner is much better.
5	I have been to Lamp twice now. Both experiences were great and here's why:First trip we sat in the bar area and the bartender, James, waited on us. Very nice guy, easy to talk to, knew the menu well and gave us plenty of attention when the food arrived and drinks needed some refills.I hate to say it but both trips to Lamp we ordered the same exact thing. Margherita Pizza and the Grape and gorgonzola Salad (i think that's what it's called). We had to get them again because they are so so good. The salad isn't covered in dressing and comes with the appropriate amount of grapes, gorgonzola and other toppings. Oh! It also comes with some bread, delicious.The pizza is also very good. Crust is thin and delicious, great ratio of cheese/sauce and it's the perfect size to split between two people.This is a great local sit down and order some good pizza kinda place. We will definitely be back and maybe this time try something new.
3	If, for some reason, you'd like to order a pizza with figs on it, but find yourself deathly afraid to take the leap, I recommend the Kensington.Let's just say I've had a few billion variations of fig pizza in my day (I'll explain later/never.) Anyway, LAMP's Kensington was like fig 'n' goat cheese for  newbs - mostly mozzarella, blessed with a couple speckles of weak goat cheese and bits of fig. The crust was decent, but not memorable. Aside from arugula, I was yearning for more flavor than I got. It think there's a lot of potential, but 'm not rushing back any time soon unless I can get about 5x the toppings and flavor, squared.
5	Great staff and ambiance. Gorgonzola salad was delicious.  Grilled veggie pizza could have had a little more flavor.  Simple but good.  The scientist pizza was fabulous !!!Update - We went back for more and thoroughly enjoyed the The Simple Margherita Finished with Wild Arugula and Shavings of Parmigiano-Reggiano.  Consistently great!
5	We go to lamp pizza all the time, I can't figure out why I'm just getting around to writing a review....The stuffed bread is so delicious, I could easily just have it as my meal.  The olives are really good too. I've tried the arugula and white bean salad and the tomato and mozz salad, the ingredients are incredibly fresh and the portions are generous.  We've tried a bunch of different pizzas margherita, grandma, simple, gem and they have all been great but the simple might be my favorite - you really can't go wrong no matter what you pick.The location is convenient and there is plenty of parking.  They get really busy, even for take out so be prepared to wait.  The pizza is very thin so it has been cold when getting take out a couple of times but that doesn't bother me.  Their artisan bread is off the hook but they charge you for it if it doesn't come with what you order - that bugs me but not enough to take away a star.
5	I'm a crazy enough pizza fan to have built my own wood burning oven in the backyard. Suffice it to say, it is a lot of work making your own pies. I've been wanting to try Lamp out for awhile. We had the tessoro pie and thought it was delicious. I'm all about flavor in the dough, and I got hints of the delicious dough about every other bite. The most flavorful part for me was just before you hit the crust, the flavor of the dough pops in your mouth. And the sauce is nice and bright. The salted carmel gelato was great as well, along with the cookies that accompany it.Best of all, the owner Matt, is super friendly, loves to make pizza and it shows. We had great conversation about pizza, toppings, sauces, dough, etc all while he kept cranking out the pies. Many of the pizza shops in town, the owner isn't around or not working the oven. If one opens a pizza shop cause they love pizza, I expect that owner to be making the pies, since I believe it's most critical. You can't hand over the reins to the dough, pizza, oven to some employee who doesn' thave the feel of the dough, or understand how to cook the pizzas properly.
5	Great New Place!James the bartender is great.  He remembers what your drink.The Mignulata appetizer is out of this world.  The meatballs with their home made bread is a meal in itself.The rapini pizza and the anitpasto plate are sensational as well.Our go to spot in North Scottsdale - Lunch or Dinner!!
3	Was mostly disappointed here.  Had heard good things, but the pizza was mostly uninspiring.  The crust was bland... and too dense/hard/chewy.  I appreciate light and airy crusts and that was what I was expecting, but really nothing like it came through.  The fig appetizer was delicious, but otherwise not really worth the $$ I spent.
5	I almost hate to tell anyone about this because I want it all to myself.  The owner is a food artist.  The ingredients are of the utmost quality and the way they are paired is totally elegant.  Everything is fresh and delicious.  Try the Kensington pizza.  A white pizza with goat cheese, figs,arugula - add prosciutto - and you have it all.  Sweet, spicy, creamy, salty, bitter, chewy - really phenomenal.  They have Zucchini Cakes!  They have adult milkshakes!  They have great service!  They have a cool interior!  Better than Pizzeria Bianco.  There I said it.
5	great service, incredibly fresh ingredients. will definitely be back next time I hit up Scottsdale!
4	I went here last Thanksgiving week when visiting boyfriend's parents in North Scottsdale and it was memorable. I am STILL dreaming about that amaretto milkshake with roasted marshmallow. My boyfriend's family made fun of me while I slurped the last bit in the backseat of the car; they know I am weight-conscious and not in the habit of drinking milkshakes, but this was SO good. I would give it a 5 but the service is really slow at night if they're busy and even still, I sensed a general confusion overall. The pizza could have a thinner crust but it was excellent and all our appetizers, including that fig bruschetta, were terrific. The price is very low to a person from LA, SB, NYC or other coastal city. And the WINE is really cheap! Decent glasses (not happy hour) for 6 to 7. I love this place and can't wait to return in 7 weeks when we go back for Thanksgiving
2	Super Super food. Salad's were awesome ordered two and shared the Simple Salad and Tomato/Mozz.  Dinner had the Margherita Pizza and side of meat balls.  Both were super.  Too Bad the service was lacking on Friday 10/25 and it was not busy.  Server had to be reminded to fill water glasses, clear the table, and take drink order.  The manager in the red top was none better.  If you are a manager in the highly competitive area do you think she would go table to table to ask about the service....NO...It seemed that the regulars were her main focus.  Jetting around to get to her regulars.  It was her same MO with all of the other customers.  Reminded me of AppleBee's trying to turn tables..with no customers waiting..??  There are a lot of Italian places to eat off Pinnacle Peak and Pima...Nick's Pane E Vino next door.....also Pizza Hut, Little Caesers LOL.I would not recommend Lamp go to Nick's or Pane E Vino for the combo FOOD and SERVICE.  Too bad good food does not keep a place open.We will see in 8 months who will be in that location...Maybe Restaurant Rescue can give them a hand...I will not be back nor will I recommend it to anyone...and I know people...
5	I love this place!  My friend Bill told me they had the best pizza and he was right.  Wow - I don't know what it is - their oven or the ingredients, but I've tried almost all their pizzas now and each one is just ridiculously good!  I can't comment on the other food....since I can't get past their pizza and a glass or two of wine to go with it.  The people are friendly and it's really nice looking inside.  A good date spot I think, and cool for families too.  I don't want to overstate it, but their pizza is so good - if you eat pizza somewhere else you feel guilty.  Thanks LAMP Pizzeria!
5	Something for everyone here! Pizza lovers will enjoy the dozen red and white pizza selections. Healthy eaters will love the white bean arugula and red onion salad and the mushroom soup, a flavorful broth with mushrooms and carrots. And the desserts! Amaretto milkshake (to go they can't put in booze) and a at least 5 gelato choices. The wine list is great and most comes by the glass. AND the prices! So low! Two can split a pizza for 15-16. The soup comes with two small pieces of their specialty flatbread and just 4 dollars. Ricotta cheescake 7. Everything here is cheaper than the SB equivalent, Olio Pizzeria, though to be fair, Olio Pizzeria (the bistro version of the fancy Olio e Limone, Julia Child's favorite Italian restaurant in SB) has more composed and sophisticated appetizers and also charcuterie. But this is a GEM. Spectacular food, affordable good wine (you can pay 12/glass but most is in the 7 to 9 range and they have two choices for 6/glass), cute decor. It's slow at night but I went at lunch this time on Black Friday. They do a big lunch business but the businesses were closed and everyone shopping so it was deserted. If you live in Scottsdale, this should be on your list!
5	Best pizza I have had in a while, and that is saying a lot!  I picked up 3 pizzas to go and we loved them all - The Gem, the Simple and the Gepetto.  All unique tastes beautifully complemented each other.  While I didn't dine in, the atmosphere looked fun and upscale.  I would highly recommend!
4	What a great spot!  I felt like I was driving to Canada, but that's only because LAMP is outside my usual 10 mile radius from Old Town.Shannon M hooked us on to the zucchini cakes with basil aioli.  My husband didn't care for them, but he obviously has no sense because these were fantastic!  We chose the three crostini (white bean & roasted red pepper, ricotta, and pesto).  None stood out, and the flat bread was so chewy, it was hard to appreciate any of them.  We also ordered 2 pizzas because we have no concept of portion control.  My husband favored the Gem with both sausage and pepperoni and ricotta.  Too much meat for me.  I preferred the Gordon with capocollo, goat cheese, mushrooms, lots of garlic, and provolone.  Too much food to fit in a milkshake, but they have some very tempting options!
5	Fantastic and cool pizza spot in Scottsdale mall. We had a big family lunch over Christmas week. Great, friendly service and awesome foodI'm not sure I can identify the pizza style -- not deep dish or thin enough to call thin-crust. The crust is pretty bread-y here.My favorite was the white mushroom pizza, several kinds of mushroom and rich and flavorful. The Gem was a crowd favorite -- sausage, pepperoni, ricotta and oregano I think. The Kicker was a spicy version of the Gem and quite good - not too spicy btw. I think everything had garlic, which obviously made it even more deliciousWe also had a number of the salads and apps to start. Meatballs were delicious. Big enough to split meatballs in half and still have a decent bite. I really liked the antipasto salad, which is peppers, artichoke, cheese on lettuce. Also good was white bean and arugula salad, a bit more 'meaty'.I was starving when we arrived and ordered an Amaretti Cookie milkshake, which was AMAZEBALLS. This might be top few milkshakes of my life -- cookies, salted caramel gelato and toasted marshmallow. We actually had them split it in two glasses and it was the perfect amount (wanted more but would have felt awful afterwards). I love that they have the option to make their shakes "adult" by adding Frangelico and other alcoholic deliciousness.
4	Love the salads and great bread!  I WILL get in the car for GREAT BREAD!  Not bad pricing for such a pricy neighborhood.  Next time I will have to try the pizza!
5	I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed the pizza here. Definitely one of the best brick oven pizzas I've had in Scottsdale! Even though it was very crowded when we dined there, the staff was as helpful as possible. Had the Wood Roasted Vegetable and the Scientist and both were outstanding, I could not stop eating them. Highly recommend!
5	Food was so good! Got the caprese salad, with the most delicious variety of tomatoes and sweet delicious balsamic and basil. The white Little Yorks pizza was so yummy too! Lots of delicious Italian meats. Wine selection was great, we got the red blend. Enjoy! This is get you in the Italian country side mood food! The only regret you'll have will be that your next stop isn't Tuscany!
5	Best neoplolitan pizza in Arizona. The service is good. The food is better. Best marinara pizza I have every had. This is a pizza without cheese. Simply delicious.
4	On a Friday night with nothing else going on, we decided to try a new place in our quest to find the best pizza in Phoenix.  LAMP is a little out of the way in North Scottsdale, but it looked good.  It was a little more crowded than I expected, and after 15 minutes or so, we were able to get a table.LAMP is a mid sized venue with an upscale feel (the area is fairly insulated from any normal working class neighborhoods), with a very open food preparation area, as wood-fired pizza restaurants tend to be.I went with the Gem (red pizza with sausage, pepperoni, ricotta, garlic, and oregano), and my friend had the Geppetto (white pizza with sausage, gorgonzola, and caramelized onion marmelade).  According to the menu, all of their sausage comes from the fantastic De Falco's Italian Deli in south Scottsdale.The crust was excellent, and I really liked my pie.  Often when I get pepperoni on a pizza, the flavor overwhelms all the other ingredients and completely ruins it (I'm reminded of the terrible pie I had at LGO).  On this one, it was just right.  The sauce was delicious as well.I tried the white pie, and I didn't like it as much.  It wasn't bad, but it just didn't seem that special.Also tried the ricotta cheesecake for dessert, and it was delectable.  I think I really like this concept of using ricotta instead of cream cheese.  Don't get me wrong, I like a good chunky New York cheesecake, but I guess the Italians do it better.My biggest complaint about LAMP is the dining experience - the place does feel a bit cold and pretentious.  It probably goes with the North Scottsdale territory, but it lacks the welcoming air that Phoenix's smaller pizza restaurants enjoy.
5	I order to-go pizzas here probably 3 to 5 times a month. Everything is always EXCELLENT. I ordered the soup for the first time today, mushroom.....OMG that was the BEST soup ever! My compliments to the chef! Thank you for always serving the BEST food.
5	The Kensington pizza was very good, one of the better tasting pizzas I've had.  Coupled with a grape and gorgonzola salad and we walked out stuffed.  Will certainly be going back to try their other pies...!
3	OK, not great.  Pizza dough is tough and they should supply a steak knife to cut it.  My beer was delivered with a hot glass, straight from the dishwasher?  The wine is the smallest pour in Scottsdale.  pizza ingredients are good, but over all expensive for what you get.  And what is it with the two. Feet high swivel seats at the bar that are impossible to dine on?  Rare Earth, around the corner is much better. And what's up with the guy behind the bar withAn attitude, and not a good one
4	Got the Gordon pizza which was delicious with perfect texture and crispy crust! The veggie red sauce pizza was good but soggy. The atmosphere is nice but really loud. I would definitely come here again and before the busy crowd hours if I wanted to hear the conversation.
4	Nice concept.  They have an extensive menu of red and white pizzas and you can add toppings to either to create your own.  In addition, there's a lunch menu that also offers salads, meatballs, etc.The pizza is good and, because of their cooking method, it comes out quickly.  The crust is crispy but doughy underneath. Not too thin, not too thick. OK spot. My only complaint is the price. $15 - $16 for a 10 to 12 inch pizza seems a bit steep but it is very good.
5	I can't believe I'm going to say this. I think the salami and olive pizza I just ate might be the best ever. Wow!
5	I have been here a couple times, the red sangria is awesome.  The spinach salad was perfect, and their pizza's are great.  Will definitely be back again.  The service is fast and very friendly staff.  They really seem to care about the customer.
4	A friend of the family recommended this place so we decided to check it out. When the 7 of us arrived the restaurant was almost entirely full (it's not very large in there; I would suggest making reservations for larger groups). They apologized and said they didn't have the space and there would be a wait.  Luckily, a table had just stood up to leave and they were able to push a couple tables together to accommodate us.The restaurant was clean and the staff was very friendly and attentive. We ordered five different kinds of pizza. Three of which I tried; "The Scientist", "Geppetto" and "Wood Roasted Mushroom". By far the Geppetto was my favorite. I also enjoyed the large fresh mushrooms on the Wood Roasted Mushroom Pizza. The crust was a little too burnt for my taste (I pulled the crust off to get ready for swim suit season anyway!) but otherwise the pizza was delicious. We had assumed we would take some left overs home but it was so good we ate everything that came of out their wood fire (which you can see from almost anywhere in the restaurant).Overall it was very good and I think I will go back with just my husband to have an easy date night!
5	Great pizza, fun staff, wonderful service. I can't picture a better pizza place. Neapolitan style pizza. Be sure to try the grape and Gorgonzola salad.  Perfectly good wine selection.  We go almost weekly.
5	Spinach salad was amazing full of flavor.  Had the gem pizza sausage very tasty. Every bite dance in my mouth.
4	We ate here for lunch today and liked it pretty well. The pizza was very good. We also had a toasted marshmallow milkshake and a tomato basil mozzarella salad. The Salad was not what I was expecting, but I liked it a lot. We customized our pizza order and they did half and half for us, which was nice. the crust was delicious. They could have been more generous with the mushrooms and olives but I could tell the ingredients were high quality. The toasted marshmallow milkshake was decent. I could not decide between 3 and 4 stars, but the service was very good so I went with 4. Thanks!
5	I am a pizza snob; I have probably been to 1000+ different pizza places throughout the US. For reasons unknown, the Phoenix Metro Area has a glut of phenomenal neopolitan-inspired wood fired pizzerias; of these, LAMP is my favorite. I may have been there in the right mood every time, but this pizza repeatedly exceeds my expectations. The quality is right on par with Phoenix's better known Pizzeria Bianco, and superior to anything I've had in California or New York.
3	Apps were good.  Pizza was just so so.  A little bland .. :(
5	I can't rave enough about this place. I've tried many items on the menu, including apps, pizza, salads and desserts. They are all fantastic. This is the best pizza in town hands down!! Pizzeria Bianco who?
4	Visited for the first time tonight.  The restaurant was full.  The atmosphere was inviting and warm.  The wait staff was very good and attentive.  The GEM pizza was excellent.  There were two problems. The beer glasses are never chilled there. The beer was cold but could have been colder.  The other problem was the spinach salad was room temperature, it was tasty but would have been better cool.,  I mentioned it to the waitress.  The two problems are why I gave 4 stars.
4	Great little place for date night! LAMP Pizzeria definitely has the nicest "fancy" pizza in the Cave Creek/North Scottsdale area. It's wood fired and they use quality ingredients. Is it the best pizza I've every had, or even in the Top 5? No, but for the area, it's a fantastic choice and I definitely will be bringing family who visit here and going back for dinners with my husband. The white wine sangria was fun and came full of fruit (grapes & oranges). I really liked the Grape & Gorgonzola salad because it was big, fresh, and filling. My husband and I split The Simple pizza and really liked it - good crust, good sauce, good cheese, good olive oil. Two drinks each, a salad, and a pizza runs about $50.The place is cute. We sat outside, and though it's in a strip mall, the patio is in a courtyard setting with big string lights above. Wish they could get misters out there for the summer, but they have heat lamps for cooler nights. The courtyard faces west so you can see the sky change colors as the sun sets. The only bummer is that they don't have cocktails, but there is a place right next door that serves those.
3	Great pizza, are go to stop. Expensive though as two pies are $30+, too bad there weren't more beers on tap. 3 stars/would be four/possibly 4 1/2 if they dropped there prices.
5	Our new favorite pizza restaurant.  My kids love their Nutella milkshake with roasted marsmellow. Yummy! The margarita pizza is so delicious. They have great salads and amazing zucchini cakes.. I totally recommend this place.
4	After obsessively comparing reviews of Phoenix pizza restaurants, my husband and I decided to go to Lamp.  Great Decision!  The service was exceptional-our waiter was helpful without being overbearing.  I had the Geppetto pizza which was heavenly.  Carmelized onion marmelade?  Yum!  We're only in town for a week but will be visiting Lamp again before we leave!
4	A very solid pizza and salad joint with good service and a nice ambiance.  Check it out, your will not be disappointed.
5	Excellent pizza and the rest of the menu is fantastic as well. What a great experience! Nothing not to love about this place!
2	As an Italian from New Jersey with multiple restaurant chefs in the family I don't know what others are eating here that has given this place such rave reviews. We started with the Fig-Sambuca Bruschetta which the presentation was great and it was very tasty but spreading out the cheese over the figs really improved the flavor since the way it is served you get a bite of cheese and then the second bite is fig no cheese. The combination of fig with cheese is much better. We then had the Margarita pizza which was bland, bland crust just pretty much tasteless, nothing memorable. Doubt we will be back.
5	LAMP, the pizza place with a strange name and amazing pizza. The freshness of the ingredients and the creativity of the combinations of toppings leave no need to "create your own". Tonight was my second visit for dinner, and it doesn't much get better than sitting on the patio sipping a fruit-filled white sangria while splitting a grape and gorgonzola salad, and a Gem pizza (sausage, pepperoni, basil, and ricotta). Plenty of food for two average people, and delicious doesn't cover it. Our server was always attentive even though we were the only ones seated outside, and our four-top lingered long after the check just talking and sipping waters. The inside of the restaurant is cozy with romantic vibe of low lighting. The smells that comes from that kitchen are as amazing as the perfect pizza. I definitely recommend this to anyone craving a well-crafted meal!
4	Great pizza.  A little bigger than a personal pizza but definitely not a medium sized pizza.  Price being $12 to $16 for 2 or 3 ingredients.  Wood oven, everything fresh and tasty, just a little pricey, but it's Scottsdale, in the same shopping center as Mastro's.  There is a zucchini cake appetizer that is a must have. It is three zucchini cakes that are similar to crab cakes.  The flavors and textures are perfect. We had a large Caesar salad which was easily large enough to split. Excellent service. Didn't give it five stars because it is a tad pricey for the pizza.
2	We tried two pizzas (the Gem and wood roasted mushroom) and felt that they were ok. We have been to numerous wood oven pizzerias as of late and this one was our least favorite. The pizza just tasted burnt and neither my husband nor I could overcome that. We wanted to like this place because it is closer to us (compared to other options) but alas it was not to be. The other issue was the price which was a bit too steep considering that we didn't really love how it tasted. Perhaps we will wait a bit and try it again but we are not in a rush to do so.
4	Excellent wood fired pizza! Although a little pricey (comes with the location, I'm sure), I am extremely pleased with the pizza. We got the Gem pizza; with spicy sausage, creamy ricotta and juicy pepperoni, I am not sure there's anything else on the menu that can beat it. The sangria is good and strong.
4	OK, here's the funny part - Lamp is located about 5 or so storefronts from a Pizza Hut. OK, I found that funny.  On to my review.This place is pretty awesome. The interior is long, narrow, and dark.  The kitchen, along with the gigantic wood oven, takes up one half of the space with tables taking up the other half.  I've been here a few times and the service has always been excellent.You'll find a number of starters including soup and salads. I go for the Mignulata (a stuffed bread) which is delicious. They offer a variety of red and white pizzas but you can add ingredients if you have some favorite toppings.  They also have an OK wine list; it's not extensive but you'll no doubt find something you like.Here's the dilemma. The pizzas are 12 inches cut into 6 slices.  If I have an appetizer there's no way I can finish a 12 inch pizza so the leftovers go home. My experience has been that leftover pizza doesn't taste near as good when reheated. This is especially true for thin crust pizzas - the crust gets overcooked. Even if I don't have an appetizer, that's a lot of pizza.  My solution is to share an appetizer and a pizza.  As long as neither of you are big eaters this should work for you. If you're still hungry, they have a nice dessert menu or you can stop by the Pizza Hut (j/k).
5	LAMP is great restaurant all around.  The food is awesome, the atmosphere is lively and the wine is fantastic.  The pizza is some of the best pizza we have had.  It is very comparable to the pizza we get while visiting family in Italy.
5	Delicious. Up from downtown Phoenix where there are many yummy pies. Family was starving after a event up north. The Lamp fit the bill. The salads we loves by the kids and the adults. The pizzas were amazing!! Highly recommend.
4	First timers and loved it antipasto app and white pizza with garlic, mushrooms and prosciutto were delicious and plentiful.
5	It's certainly bomb. The pizza of course and antipasto are a must try on your first visit. They also make a killer mushroom soup on occasion. It's even a good spot for a quick to-go order. A terrific asset to the North Scottsdale area. I do wish they served frosted mugs with the cold beer.
5	Another awesome experience, everything was excellent! Love the antipasto plate, my favorite for sure! Service was phenomenal as well! Again, my compliments to the chef!
5	Love this place. Most of the time my husband and I grab food for take out after work and they are awesome. Love their pizza and salad selection. Tried different types and they are all good. Glad they are located by our house.
