4	I was actually surprised about this place. When you go to the pool. there's another entrance to the Secret Garden. I can't exactly tell you where it is - but it's a secret. There's Lions, and tigers, leopards, etc.....The dolphins were really cool too! I watched one poo. They actually had the wands and it was very..."zoolike" I was hoping it would be like a "when animals attack tourists" show on fox.....Grrr stupid fence.....
4	This venture was definitely worth the $15 admission price.  I'm a dolphin nut, so I rarely pass up the opportunity to see dolphins.  it's kind of nice to see them just swimming around and not doing tricks or anything.  I did wish there was more information about the dolphins to read or listen to or something.  Instead there was, of all things, a snack stand, and a gift shop (of course).The biggest pull at the time of our trip is that one of their dolphins has given birth.... and there's a baby dolphin!  I've never seen a baby dolphin so that was awesome... I wish I'd gotten a better photo of it than I did, but it was cute.  Past the dolphins you enter the original Secret Garden.  They have white lions, which is quite a rare sight, white tigers, regular tigers, some alpacas (wtf why?) and a leopard.  I understand that behind the chain link fences are dangerous animals, but I wish they had some other type of barrier because the chain link fences were nearly impossible to take pictures through, but I tried.On the way in to the big cat (and oddly placed alpaca) area, standard Vegas protocol dictates that they have some employees and a "photographer" hustling your party to pose in front of a green screen to take a photo (for sale in the gift shop!).  As a side note, the number of green screen souvenir photo opportunities in Vegas was ASTOUNDING.And as you leave, of course, you have to exit through the gift shop... and the only exit back into the Mirage walks you right past the dolphin gift shop.Overall, it was worth it for me and my friend.  And the kids that were everywhere were having what looked like fantastic times so I'd recommend it for families but, I wouldn't really go there again.  One trip is enough.
4	We're probably in the minority when we say that we visited all the aquariums on the Strip during our vacation but whatever.I liked the S and R's Secret Garden mostly for two reasons.1) The alpacas. I looooove alpacas, especially when they're moving and not hanging on a wall. These were really cute. I was particularly fond of the brown one. 2) The S and R cardboard cutout by the gift shop. I made my boyfriend pose with it all cheesy and whatnot. That's totally a picture you would look at years from now and laugh.Oh, we liked the dolphins too but that's what everyone says they like about this place.My boyfriend thought this place was a bit pricey for what you get to see, but it is LV.
5	Worth every penny.  As an animal lover, I couldn't believe how close we were able to get to the white tigers and white lions.  I had first seen the lions as cubs in the Siegfried and Roy show - and now there they were, all grown up.  Beautiful.  Snow white fur with big blue eyes.  Amazing.   The dolphins are always a joy to watch as well.  They love attention and really put on an impromptu show for the passersby at the underground windows.  Schools often do educational tours of this exhibit.I feel good that the money spent getting in is used towards the preservation of these animals.  I've always admired the efforts Siegfried and Roy have shown for these rare animals, and if I can contribute in even this small part - it just feels right.
4	Enjoy an upclose and personal experience with dolphins and the majestic white tigers in the Mirage's Secret Gardens. Trainers will take you through tricks and flips done by the dolphins.  You're allowed to enjoy the rest of the park on your own, including the habitat of  Siegfried and Roy's famous white tigers. Word of advice here: while you are able to get fairly close to the fence , I would keep a respectful distance. The Secret Garden is home to a rather rude lion. This animal turned his rear to us and sprayed my daughter!  It never occured to me that something like this could happen, I was shocked!  We were standing a good 5 feet from the fence. I thought the lion was about to do something camera-worthy and as a fished in my bag for the camera, my daughter screamed, "The lion peed on me!" She wasn't drenched by any means but, I did have to buy her a new shirt in the gift shop.  The staff in there was very unsympathetic. In fact they said, "Well, that happens!" right over the head of my crying child.  Seems to me a warning sign is in order at the least! Still these animals are beautiful and my kids thought it was a treat to see them nonetheless.
5	If you are an animal lover, this is well worth the money.The dolphin habitat was nice, filled with coral, etc.  And the dolphins don't do shows although one trainer was out when we were leaving and asked him to wave.  They tell you up front, they are conservationists not performers.  You may happen to be there when a trainer appears, but there are no shows.It was indeed nice to see the animals frolicking around on their own.The cats.  Ahhhh, the cats.  They looked so happy and healthy.  They were really active when we were there.  A small word of warning, the males are un-neutered so they spray - a lot.  This wouldn't have deterred me I didn't see any humans get sprayed.The white tigers were amazing, the lions were rolling around on their backs.  The habitats were nice and they don't live there all the time, or so I gathered from talking to someone there.Then as you're hitting your apex of cuteness with the tigers, there are a herd of alpaca's on the way out.I was thoroughly impressed with the Secret Garden, which made me feel like I wasn't in Las Vegas for a few minutes.  I was just sad that we went at 5 pm, it was closing time so we only got a half hour but if you go in earlier you can stay as long as you want.
4	Went here as part of our grand tour of non-gaming Vegas. I thought for the $15 admission it was a bit overpriced considering we paid the same for Shark Reef admission which we LOVED. This was smaller.A few dolphins (5 or 6?) including a baby which was really neat to see. Also the world-famous white tigers and lions which was neat. A great one to take the kids to.
2	Your initial response to the Secret Garden will be very positive.  The dolphins are very cool and it's very convenient to see them both above and below water.  The lions will initially amaze you with their size and to be so close to them.  However, as you look at the animals closer (lions, tigers, panthers), your heart will begin to break.  These animals have very tiny spaces for their size....and I truly feel they were all drugged to remain calm.  They all seem very, very lethargic.  It is very touristy of course, and it really comes across thick where you recognize it not as a refuge or educational exhibit on the animals, but more reminiscent of those highway side novelties advertising wild animals where the owners are just trying to make a buck.
4	Siegfried and Roy's Secret Garden is a difficult place to review.The stars it gets depends on what the animals are doing during your visit.It is definitely a three star attraction in Las Vegas. It is located out behind the Mirage pool area ( next to BARE )You enter after a mandantory welcome explanation of the area by one of the hosts.The dolphin pools are what you see first and then you go back to the white tiger and white lion area.If you are there when the trainers are working with the dolphins it isa four star show.You get very close to the action with the dolphins. Very exciting and you can watch for what seems like a few minutes and is actually over an hour.Cats mostly sleep, but on our visit the majority were up and about making for an enjoyable visit. Once again you are able to be very close to the animals and you can really determine how large the tigers really are.There are two underwater viewing areas for the dolphin pools.All in all an excellent visit - a great place to bring out of town visitors.The white tigers keep the S&R name going. - Siegfried and Roy was still the best show I have ever seen in Las Vegas.
4	This is a nice break from gambling on the Strip.  The $15 price tag would have seemed a bit steep to me if not for the five baby tigers that were there!  I normally do not gush about the critters but these six-week-old tigers?  Adorable.  Worth the price of admission.  We were fortunate to see them as they had only been on display for four days when we were there.  They were so fun!The dolphins were fun to see, especially in the underground viewing area.  It's not a huge dolphin pool and they don't perform or anything but dolphins are just cool and always fun.The other animals were pretty cool, too, except that it was a super hot day and they all just wanted to lay around and sleep.  And, I can totally understand that.  But, it would have been a bit more exciting if the animals had been a bit more active.  Still, it is always cool to see lions and tigers and leopards and panthers, etc.This place is definitely worth a visit.  It is one of the better non-gambling attractions on the Strip.
4	To tell you the truth, I was kinda bummed that this was actually an exhibit.  The dolphins were cool...I think there were actually 6 dolphins...3 in each pool area.  But I was sad to see them in such a small place.Ditto on the Secret Garden.  There were two sides to this place.  The left side had alpacas and lions.  The alpacas seemed to have more room than the lions.  And the lions pretty much slept the whole time I was there.  But I guess that's normal since they really are nocturnal animals.  I thought it was kinda wierd there were 2 male lions in the same habitat.  The right side of the garden had 4 more habitats. The first  had 3 female lions, the second had 2 leopards (not sure if African or snow leopards).  The third exhibit had 1 white tiger, and the fourth had 1 golden tiger.  AND...just when you thought you saw it all, there is a small enclosed house with plexiglass.  There was an employee/handler inside with 3 cubs.  A golden tiger, a lion and a white tiger.  They were super adorable, and very active.  I'm sure they are treated very well.  But I was still a bit concerned that all the animals (except the alpacas seemed to be confined to the limited space.
3	The secret garden nestled within The Mirage is a real treasure. It deserves probably 3.5 stars. This isn't the size of a zoo so don't expect to see tons of animals but you will see a couple tigers, an elephant, a couple other animals, and of course the dolphins. The whole place is really about the dolphins. I saw a pretty cool show with at least 3 dolphins performing and it was very cool to see. All the animals here (including the dolphins) have a very small habitat so if you're the kind of animal lover who gets ticked when you see someone in a small studio apartment in the city who owns a golden retriever you may get a little annoyed at this place. Regardless the place is beautiful and they have some great wildlife here.
4	Another reviewer suggested that the animals might be drugged -- I don't think so!When we were there we saw Tigers play-fighting and making whoopie. They were pretty dang active if you ask me. You must remember that all cats big and small sleep a lot. They may be sleeping when you go, but that's like their natural state! We saw baby White Tigers. The most adorable site ever. The enclosures for most of the animals were fairly spacious compared to what I've seen at Zoos. You must remember that cats are good jumpers so they are usually in something with a roof for safety.The dolphins were awesome and you can get really close to them. The trainers will have them jump and do tricks if you wait at the first pool a few minutes. Also, you can watch them from underwater too.I have been twice now and still enjoy it.
5	BIG kitties! AND dolphins :) Love the secret garden. FYI cats are most active early in the morning so try to catch them when the exhibit opens or close to closing time. We got quite a show for our $15 tickets. Two of the white tigers were playing with each other. When cats play it usually goes something like "hiss hiss" *swat* "meow!" When tigers (300+lb cats) play it goes something more like "roar! roar!" *swipe(with big paw)*! There are also lions and orange tigers in the "kitty" area. There are three pools with dolphins and you can watch them swim from above or go down below and see them swimming around from an underwater perspective. One of the rare places in Vegas where its a good idea to bring the kids.
3	Hmm, I love dolphins!  They're my favorite H20 animal :)  No, not just because they're the only other mammal, aside from humans, that have sex for pleasure (not just to reproduce) and engage in orgies.  They're so peaceful, beautiful, friendly, and always look like they're smiling the way their lips curve up. I wish the Garden had baby tigers though.  Oh, and I'm pretty sad that Seigfried and Roy don't perform anymore, so I guess this is the next best thing :(
4	Siegfried and Roy's Secret Garden was something my wife and I stumbled upon while wandering around the Mirage. Initially I think we were going to skip it but we both like dolphins so we figured $30 was a good price to see some swimming around and also take a look at some big cats. The price turned out to be a big bargain for what we saw!Let me start off by telling you what they will say first thing when you get in: this is not a show or guided tour, it's simply a research area you get to walk through. Having said that, this was so much better than a show or tour in that there was no time limit, no impetus to move along and the animals seemed much more natural without a performance to contend with.The Garden starts off at the Dolphin pools, where there were two adult and two juvenile dolphins that we saw being VERY active. The lifeguards at each pool periodically come on the loudspeaker and remind everyone that while there are no shows or scheduled events, the trainers frequently interact with the dolphins and this provides many chances to see them in various ways. This was very accurate, and we ended up spending a good hour or so just hanging out around the pools. The trainers would come out and feed the animals, do some medical checks on them and their presence always got the dolphins in a playful mood. They would jump out of the water, dart around and occasionally do a slide along the lip of the enclosure. In addition, there was a young woman who had paid to have the "trainer experience" and so there was even more interactivity to see. In my opinion, this was a far better experience because the animals were acting naturally, instead of a choreographed show. Very cool and the highlight (for us) of the Garden.The big cats were a bit more subdued, mostly because almost all of the animals are nocturnal. This meant most of the cats were asleep, although the youngest ones were very active, playfighting with each other and ripping a cardboard box to shreds. Overall, very cool to see these large animals even sleeping, just not quite as dynamic as the dolphins.In summary, this is a fantastic inexpensive thing to do for anyone who likes animals or has small children. The kids present when we went loved the dolphins, and really anyone who even mildly likes animals will get a big kick out of the Garden. Highly recommended for price, entertainment and the complete freedom to stay as long as you want and enjoy the animals. I only held back on 5 stars because there isn't much beyond the dolphins, big cats and some alpacas. Not a complaint, just a note that the range of animals to see is limited.
4	This is a chill place to be away from the flashing lights and slots machines of Vegas.  The dolphins were alright but my favorite were the tiger cubs (they were 8 months when I was there )... I could of sat there all day watching those 5 cubs play.  they had a pretty good collection of cats but most were sleeping ... might of been because it was winter or because it was in the middle of the afternoon but all were passed out except for the male lion that paced back and forth like it had OCD and of course the cubs. nothing can compare to the San Diego Zoo or Sea World but you are in Vegas and it was only $15  :)
4	Very cool place to go and chill out and get away from the lights and hustle and bustle of the strip and casinos.After a very brief intro speech to the park you pretty much get to wander and see what you want when you want.  You can sit on a small wall and be like a foot away from the dolphins that come up when the trainers are there.  I'd like to do that "be a trainer for a day" but I'm not sure how much that'd cost - kinda scared to ask.There was a 9 week old leopard cub that was there so we got to see him, "Java" (see pics link) and there were give younger tigers in one section too with a trainer inside answering questions.  The guy was way cool and super helpful about all the questions people were throwing at him.  Also white tigers, white lions, black panther, leopards, and out of left field was some alpaca's... Going underneath the pool and watching the dolphins zip around is always cool to me at least.  One of them just had a baby a few months back too so there was a little one (see pics link).It's no zoo by any means for but $15 bucks it's totally worth it.I've got our pictures up here: http://is.gd/hEl9
4	i promised my gf i would take her here for her b-day so we went. its $15 a person and its worth it (id rather spend $30 and watch cool animals than lose $30 in blackjack to a multi billion dollar hotel). the first thing you see is dolphins doing jumps in the air and gliding around. then you go to another dolphin tank that has baby dolphins with their parents. they have beach volleyballs in the tank and the dolphins hit it out to the spectators and you throw it back in so that was really fun, especially for little kids.Then you get to see the lions tigers black panthers etc. those animals are beautiful wow. the tiger is huge up close. it walked right by the fence and looked at me.... i got a little shook! lol only bad thing is is that there area is pretty small (especially the black panthers area) compared to an actual zoo... but nonetheless i REALLY enjoyed it and will probably come back.
5	I really liked this place. You can get really close to the animals. Closet than one would at something like a zoo. (The closest I've been to a wild animal was at Disney's animal kingdom, but that's a moot point.) Here was where I've actually gotten close to a dolphin, so that was pretty cool. I haven't seen a llama before either so that was a nice experience. They had all types of facts about the animals and a variety of wild animals including white tigers, lions, panthers, etc. This place was really cool. It would be better if they talk about some the problems that these animals faced in their introduction.
3	I really was hoping that the Secret Garden was at the least a 4 star experience but my trip there fell a little short. I dont mind paying the $15 admission but the place was a lot smaller than I was expecting. It's cool that they give a lot of information on the animals and you can tell that they are taken good care of. The first thing you come upon are the dolphins. The dolphins are left to do what they want to do naturally and are not trained to perform just to amuse the tourists. It's nice that the animals are not forced to do things. That being said, if you go to see dolphins flip out of the water and put on a show like you would see at Sea World or a similar venue, be prepared to sit back and hope for some luck. It is kind of hard to sit for a long time hoping to see something more than just dolphins swimming around in circles when there is so much more to explore in Vegas. Past the dolphins are the rest of the animals. They are absolutely beautiful and obviously well taken care of. The trainers are more than willing to answer any questions you have. It is fun to watch the babies play around in the nursery. Maybe I went in hoping for too much but it was just too small of a facility. I dont regret going but I seriously doubt it is somewhere I would take time out of another Vegas trip to visit again.
4	There's something strangely forbidding about the idea of a secret garden - especially one seeded by those twin towers of Vegas iconography, Siegfried & Roy. Somehow it makes me want to dust off that old Quincy Jones LP where Barry White and Al B. Sure sonorously sing about finding a secret garden...come on, come on, come on. Is it getting hot in here? Well, it's really a mini-combo park zoo and Marine World, and for $15, it actually provides a nice, budget-level respite from the casino in the Mirage. Given the hotel's recent multi-million-dollar losses, I wouldn't be surprised if the admission fee goes up. It really consists of three parts - the pool where dolphins frolic with their trainers (you can see them up close above the pool and from an underwater viewing gallery), the gift shop where the baby leopard Java plays with one of the staff in a glass room, and the more traditional areas where the big cats and alpacas sleep restfully in their spaces. I enjoyed it - even though it only takes a half-hour to go through the entire compound. That's just enough time to assess your losses at the craps tables and give the dice one last blow 'cause baby needs a new pair of shoes. I'm not sure what the point of the hot dog stand is in the Secret Garden since you're just a few yards away from all the eateries in the Mirage. Perhaps eating weenies in Vegas are meant to be kept secret as well.
4	Siegfried and Roy's Secret Garden is a great respite from the chaos that is Las Vegas. We were pleasantly surprised by the animals habitat. It is sort of a mini-zoo/marine world for about $15. You get to see dolphins and lions, leopards, tigers and llama like animals. It's relaxing, EXCEPT Bare, a clothing optional adult poolside lounge area, is near by and the music was kind of loud.  Anyway, you get to see said animals in their "natural" surroundings and take pictures.  It was nice to walk around, take some pictures and relax.  Another interesting feature was that you walked down a snaking walkway sort of underneath the area where the dolphins swim so you could see them underwater.  That was kind of cool.
4	I LOVED this!  You walk into the area and are given a short introduction on the place, how the dolphins aren't trained but have feeding and play sessions instead.  A few obvious and good rules are stated and you are off to explore on your own.In the dolphin area they had two mothers with their calves.  From above you are literally at water level and can watch as they swim or wait for a train to feed or play with them.  The play is sooo cute and they do amazing flips.  You can also go below ground level and see them swim from the bottom.  They get right near the glass so it's fun.The cats were amazing to look at.  There were a few large cats all just sleeping together on a large log and their tails just swinging - so neat!  The baby leopard though was sooooo cute.  He was just laying around on his own patch of grass and was cute to see.The area is large, nice to just watch, chat and stroll.  It's clean, fairly quiet and the staff is friendly and informative.  They also have two gift stores well stocked and a little snack hut with food, sodas and cheap beer.It's great I think if you aren't looking for a show persay, like to just roam on your own and like dolphins and large cats obviously!
4	I'll be honest, this place was alright.In a land of $10 table minimums on blackjack and other table games, this is hidden further back in the Mirage.  It's $15 a person.  Honestly, it should be $10 a person, but I guess it was worth going to.  It provided me worth more than one hand of gambling entertainment that losing at blackjack would have.The Leopard cub Java was pretty cool, fun to watch. As was the white tigers getting it on 69 style in the area next to him.  I'd stop through here again just to take a break from all the noise and bright lights and such.  Vegas isn't ALL about gambling, drinking, drugs and sex.
2	The coolest part of the Secret Garden was seeing the dolphins from under water.  I was mesmerized watching this one dolphin circle round and round in the same pattern, passing by the window each time.  It looked like it was "sleep-swimming".  Pretty sweet!The beef I have with the Secret Garden is the price--$15??? For this?? It's a *tiny* zoo with a couple of dolphin pools and a handful of cages for white tigers, leopards and alpacas.  I'd pay $5, but for $15, I was expecting much more.I went in the early afternoon and the animals were just lying there sleeping.  It was pretty boring.  I wouldn't come again, but I'm glad I at least got to see a dolphin up close from under water.  If you do go, I'd go earlier so that the cats are more active.*See pics*
2	I was feeling like complete garbage when we went to go see this exhibit.  I had already been once, in the early 2000's, so it was mainly for the boyfriend's benefit.  I was feeling nauseous, weak with hunger but too nauseous to eat, and sunstroked.  I did manage to take note of a few things while struggling to not barf my breakfast from Bouchon Bakery into the dolphin pool...  A.)  This place is still a ripoff.  Fifteen bucks for maybe five or six animal cages and three bored-looking dolphins?  B.)  They have misted walkways and plenty of places to sit, which the hungover, elderly and those burderned by screaming brats will appreciate.  I know I did.  C.)  The dude who forced us to take a picture was a douche.  D)  Wtf... what are these, llamas?  What the hell happened to the elephant?  and finally, E.)  I was dehydrated as fuck, so I opted for a Slush, which I interpreted to be a Slurpee of some sort, as indicated by the Slurpee machine it was dispensed out of.  Three dollars later, and the woman just hands me a tiny, McDonald's-sized-small styrofoam cup with red slurpee in it.  I search and search, but no straws.  I inquire where the straws are as she is serving someone else.  "We don't have straws," she says rather sharply.  "Um, how do I drink this, then?" I ask back in the same tone, annoyed.  She sighs and jams her thumb in the direction of some little flat wooden spoons, the kind you'd eat a frosted malt with.  Are you fucking kidding me, Secret Garden - I'm supposed to eat a half-melted red slurpee that I payed a fifth of the admission for with a flat wooden friggin spoon?  SPRING FOR SOME STRAWS!!!
3	OVERPRICED...I mean $15 per person?? really?? I expected it to be bigger or at least have the animals awake...they were all sleeping...If I wanted to look at an animal sleep I would have stayed in the hotel room and watched my husband sleep. seriously. If you have kids I guess this is a cool place to check out with them, better then them watching their daddy play all their college fund on the black jack table.lol.I Doubt I will ever comeback....I rather go to MGM and check out the lions there....they are awake and its free....We live and learn...Fool me once shame on you...Fool me twice.. damm I must be a dumb ass...lol..
2	You probably have better where you live.  This place is small and overpriced.I LOVE animals and I really really appreciate that they do not train the animals to do tricks; that's the way it should be.  I appreciate that the people there seem to really care about animal welfare. I like that they take the plastic tops off of all the bottles they sell for the animals safety (people like to toss them into the dolphin and big cat habitats).  Ok, so why 2 stars?  I guess I've been spoiled, but I believe I only saw 3 dolphins.  They were cute but their enclosures were very boring and they didn't have much to play with.  Dolphins need lots of mental stimulation.  The big cats were mostly sleeping, which I would expect on a sunny dessert day. Their habitats were nice (of course, they are never big enough but these are bigger than average). For the price and location I expected more animals and more exhibits.  There were some great sales going on in the gift shop (this was April and the economy was stressing everyone).  I loved the animals but it just isn't worth the money.  There are so many other places in Las Vegas that cost less (or nothing) and are much more interesting... even to this animal lover.
3	I gave this place a 3 because my passes were free through a promotion at Mirage (which included 50 dollar credit at the buffet, 5stars) There were no baby leopards like advertised.  A very small display with a few animals, but you did see them pretty up close which was cool.  The dolphins only just swam around but jumped a few times when the trainers came out.I asked the staff if there was a show for the dolphins and they said they don't do shows, the place is for "education and research" even though there are bleachers to sit and watch one. Save yourself the 15 bucks.
4	Only four stars because when we came the dolphins were being lame. BOOO!!!!This is likely the only place (*that I'm aware of) in the world where you can get within about 10 feet of some of the deadliest animals in the world with only a chain link fence separating you from a very painful and bloody death.I wonder how these animals are so chill when they are caged in incredibly small spaces? Perhaps they are sedated?We saw a lion puking which was oddly interesting.Most definitely worth the price. A once in a lifetime type of opportunity.
3	This place is smaller than what many people expect. The dolphin exhibit is the first thing you'll see when you enter. There are no dolphin shows as this place is set up for research and training. But you might catch the dolphins doing some tricks with the trainers every once in a while. Beyond the dolphin exhibit you'll find alpacas, tigers and a couple other animals. The trainers were tossing around some balls with the tigers while we were there so it was kinda fun to watch that. Here's one tip: if you see a tiger backing up to the fence you might want to walk away. We saw a tiger pee through the fence and hit some poor tourist. Admission is $15, kids under 3 are free. No locals discount.
1	Never actually visited this place after seeing the pictures posted here. $15 per person and the animals are behind chain link fences? No thank you!
4	Dolphins and baby tigers- I am in heaven!!! I must say after spending $30+ dollars to get into mandalay bay's LAME Shark Reef, I was not expecting much from the $15 admission secret Garden.  I was wrong! there are amazingly gorgeous lions and leopards, and best of all 2 baby tigers. The place wasnt that crowded at ALL. On the other side of the exhibit was the dolphin habitat. There was no "Show" as this place is used only for research and education but it was great to watch the dolphins zoom thru the water getting their exercise. I've become alot more wary of supporting animals in captivity, but i felt like secret garden was a great and somewhat natural-ish habitat for these beautiful and amazing creatures.
5	I LOVE this place. The price isn't bad at all $15. And you get to see dolphins, white tigers, lions and so much more. The best part about this habitat is that you feel like the animals are happy. They aren't there to do tricks.. they are there to live and for us to observe. If you enjoy animals and want to have a nice day out side of the casinos i reccomend this place!
1	Dolphins do not belong here.
3	This was decent if you are looking for something to do for daytime.  We walked around for about 30 minutes and looked at the lions and tigers.  Some of the tigers were very active when we went, so that was cool.  At least it looks like they are well taken care of.  all the animal cages have misters, and their own waterfall and grass. The dolphin area is a little dull because they are just swimming around in circles following the trainers around for more fish.  There are 3 small pools and  6 or so dolphins.  It actually made us kind of sad.  We did see a few up very close-he looked like he was showing off with most of his body out of the water on the shallow part of the pool.  It's nice that they don't make the dolphins perform, and it is a research only facility.
3	Paid $15 each admission. Walked around outside in the heat. Saw some dolphins swimming around, saw some llama looking things and some sleeping cats. We felt sorry for the cats, their habitats seemed too small and they were stuck out in the heat. I dont blame them for laying around sleeping with their tongues hanging out. The highlight was when some employees took some of the tigers out of their enclosure and swapped them for a big male tiger. He walked around the enclosure exploring and marking everything. Giant clouds of cat juice spurted out of him everywhere he went, and for a minute there it looked like he was going to mark the crowd watching him. I didnt get too close.
4	I went to the Secret Garden today to see the White Tiger Cubs that were brought to Las Vegas to be raised in this program.  The are Mohan and Majestic and they can be quite playful!  Here are links to my YouTube videos:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=075IVr3aI5ghttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_CMTK8Xyqghttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DFKFo1pcEcWhile waiting for them to be brought to their nursery, I walked around and saw the white lions. white tigers, a black leopard, one spotted leopard, some Alpacas, and two snow leopards.It's not a large area, but it's a pretty place to take your time, watch the animals, sit and chat for awhile, and just enjoy the wonderful desert air!  Entrance fee is $15 for adults, so be warned that it's not a cheap visit for this small area.It won't take me 8 years before I come back here again as it did between my first visit and this one.
2	Lions, Tigers, dolphins...........my mom wanted to see bears.not dolphins. she wants to see action.. you know.. like attacking and stuff.she was like, what's so good about dolphi--....wow did you just see that? they're like chasing the divers, are they gonna eat the swimmers? *hopeful*I was like, T_T they're dolphins, not sharks.but seriously though, this place is so dinky and small. $15/adult is way too much to walk around a habitat that takes no more than 15 seconds to get through and see everything.And it sucks because the lions and tigers and dolphins look pissed. Duh, I would be too, if I have to eat in the same patch of ground I took a dump in.  Seriously, their habitats are that small.Totally not worth the money. Sure, it's cool to see something you don't really get to see but it sucks here. So boring.
4	if you're staying at the mirage, you get a discount on the entrance ticket.  it's not that big of a place, so don't expect too much.  there are dolphins, white tigers, white lions, a leopard, some llamas and a random goat.  the dolphins don't do shows or any tricks, so that was kinda lame, but they're naturally playful and like to show off, so you can see them splashing around.  there is also an underground viewing area so you can see the dolphins underwater.  there are like 3 gift shops in the tiny habitat area, but cut them a break, siegfried and roy are retired and they need income somehow.
3	I always enjoy seeing live animals, and this place has them!  I gave it 3 stars because it's kind of touristy...but thats basically what Vegas is all about.   I enjoyed seeing the white tiger and the white Lion (I've never seen one before, and it was pretty cool).  All the big cats were beautiful, but some of them were rather shy :/  None of the animals were very active...even the dolphins seemed somewhat subdued.  There were also some alpacas that were kind of funny...but nothing to write home about.If big cats and dolphins are your thing and you have some extra money that you don't mind spending, then hit this place up...I would personally choose Shark Reef over this place...but it wasn't too bad.
1	Oh, did I mention there is "NO DOLPHIN SHOW" they are for "study only" unless you purchase the Trainer for a Day Program pass. What a joke, save your cash and avoid this "attraction" for something else. Okay, for a mere $15 you get to see the three male lion sex show, but hey it's Vegas, right. Yes, I said sex show since one of the males repeatedly mounted the other two. Clearly, I'm disappointed after spending $60 for four adults to see this dismal excuse of an animal exhibit -- I want my cash back and you can keep this attraction "SECRET."
3	Somehow I thought the Secret Garden would feel a bit more, well, secret. I somehow wished that while entering through the gates and walking down the path, I would be magically teleported to a beautiful tropical place where I could watch the dolphins and big cats in a more natural element. But, the truth is I was in the middle of the Las Vegas strip, tucked away in a corner of a casino and instead of being transported to a serene tropical setting and hearing the roar of the big cats or the splash of the dolphins my ears still picked up on the honking cars and traffic just a few short steps down. I could even swear I heard a slot machine. Maybe I have mouse ears or something. The experience was uninspiring but definitely a nice change from the sensory overload from the casino. For $15 it's a bit of a disappointment when you can watch the big cats for free inside but a nice place to put around in as long as there's not too many people and strollers there.
4	This was a great way to get out of the casino and relax for an hour or so.  If you are staying at the hotel, which we were the admission price is only $12.00 for an adult.  They had dolphins and three male lions, a black panther, a leopard, white tigers and two baby tigers that we got to see being bottle fed!  We got a lot of great pictures and it was just very relaxing.  They have a cafe out there so you can have your lunch while watching the dolphins swim around.For the money, you're not getting any type of show just a serene environment to pass some time.  I personally could have lost four to five times that amount of money gambling so to me I felt it was worth it!
3	Lions, tigers oh my! Seriously...lions, tigers, dolphins, and various other animals. It's cool for $15.00 if it cost more I think I would have been let down. I loved seeing all of the live animals. They had two little white tigers that totally stole my heart. They played with a ball and jumped in the water. The caregiver for the babies was around to answer any questions we may have had. The gardens and the animals are very relaxing its a quite place in Vegas which is nice for some down time. I wish I got to feed the dolphins that would have totally made my day!
3	Yes it is $15 and not that big but it was fun, a nice way to enjoy the beautiful weather and not be in a casino. I love animals and agree the exhibits are small but I do not believe they live there. The dolphins do not do a "show" but the trainers had them do tricks and it was pretty cool to be so close. They have two white tiger cubs, two white tiger full grown, a jaguar, a leopard and some lions. I will agree one of the lions looked very unhappy.It was quiet but yes it is small and my guess is during peak season this place is hard to enjoy.
5	Everytime we visit Vegas we make sure to set aside a couple hours to visit the Secret Garden. I love it! I love seeing the tigers and just sitting by the pools watching the dolphins. I like that the dolphins are not there to put on a show. It's a great chance to relax and step back from the busy Vegas strip.
4	From the outside, you really can't tell what's in Siegfried and Roy's Secret Garden, we weren't sure if it was worth the price of admission. Wifey loves animals, so we decided to check it out, and we're really glad we did.Inside has two main parts, the dolphin area, and the big cat area. There's also a small cafe and a gift shop.Having visited lots of zoos and Marine World type places, we've seen plenty of dolphins, but this is the closest we've ever gotten. You can get within arms reach of them swimming by. The trainers went through feeding and training exercises, so you can see the usual routines of dolphins doing their thing. The staff were very knowledgeable and friendly, answering all of our questions and happily chatting with visitors. They support cruelty free dolphin habitats, which means you can NOT swim with the dolphins here.The big cat area was also a treat. You can get within a couple feet of the chain link fence, and some of the cats come right up to the fence, so you can really see them up close. There were a total of 8 big cats on display when we visited, including a leopard, a jaguar, a lion, and several tigers.The most popular exhibit is the two white tiger cubs, now 9-months old. One of them spent 2 hours wrestling his big green tub out of the pool, only to have the trainer keep throwing it back in again. It was incredibly cute to watch him pulling and tugging and playing with that tub. The other cub hung out at the other end of the enclosure, occasionally sprinting across to ambush his brother with a sneak attack and tumble. They were adorable.They close at 6:30pm and they stop letting people in an hour before that. We came a little before 5 on a week day and there were very few other visitors, maybe 30 people in the whole park. By the time we left we were nearly the last ones out, and they still hadn't closed yet. The low attendance combined with how close you can get to the animals made for a very intimate experience, which we both loved.You could see everything in this mini-Marine World in 30 minutes. We dawdled and hung out and made the visit last an hour and a half before we were ready to leave.
5	I hate to correct a fellow yelper, but Aaron M. you are WRONG!For $550 you CAN SWIM WITH and TRAIN THE DOLPHINS!!!!!!!!You arrive at 9:45am and you receive a wonderful lunch and the experience ends around 4:00 pm with you receiving well over 100 photos of you training, swimming and kissing the dolphins.My DH did this on Friday April 1st and was overjoyed at the experience.  If you have the Bennies...do it!  It is truly a once in a lifetime experience that everyone who loves dolphins, fish or animals should have!!
4	This is a really unique experience.  It is a little pricey to go in---$17 per head but they rely on our dollars to take care of the animals so it's worth it.  There really isn't a whole lot to see, I mean, don't expect to see the number of animals you'd see in your typical zoo.Instead, you will find a unique blend of cats.  Like white lions and tigers.  =0)  They are truly amazingly beautiful.  =0)The dolphin area is pretty neat too.  The trainers go out and train them and the dolphins jump in the area and they also seem to smile at you.  I've gone to this twice and I really enjoyed it both times.  I'm sure I'll go again...just because I love the cat family and I love dolphins."The Secret Garden" probably received it's name because it is so uniquely tucked through the maze of the Mirage Casino.  Once a person enters the Secret Garden--the magic dust continues to awe you with the disclosure of one unique experience after another.  But, you decide....experience it yourself...  =0)Yvette L. Brownstone from Ventura, CA
5	Dolphins!!! I love them!!My little family went on adventure here and we got in free because my bf knows someone. I still woulda paid the entry fee no matter what though because I LOVE DOLPHINS! We went a little later in the day on a Monday and hoping it wouldnt be hot, but guess what... its Vegas so who were we kidding!! LOL.Upon getting our tickets we walked through the walk-way and through the misters (which I love!!) and gave our tickets to the girl (who was sooooo nice!!) Walking down the stairs I was like ahh!! Soooo excited! I read reviews and had the impression it was very small... It wasnt!!!! In all honesty we really only came to see the dolphins; but all the other animals were def a treat!Some ppl gave bad reviews because the animals don't do tricks, or anything you would see in a typical zoo. Well this isnt SeaWorld or the San Diego Zoo. This is an awesome dolphin habitat and animal protection type thing. Youre not paying 40+ dollars to get to see a plethora of animals doing tricks and shows. Youre paying 17$ to support this awesome cause. I spoke to one of the guides and she was telling me how SeaWorld had an over abundance of male dolphins so were able to house the male dolphins there. She also said the way they get animals is by loner programs from other zoo's. How awesome is that! The cats were mostly sleeping because we got there late, but the lion was sitting there next to the fence just hanging out yawning and making funny sounds. My son though it was hilarious!! The white tigers were absolutely beautiful!!! Although they were sleeping on the branches they looked amazing!! After a while the awoke and started kinda messing around. Twas cute!! The blank panthers and leopards were passed out and never moved, but they were still beautiful to look at!!The highlight of the visit was the BABY DOLPHIN!! He was just a few days old and was SOOOOO FRICKEN CUTE!! He was next to the mom the whole time and would mimic everything she did!! To see him jump and play was sooooo awesome!! I love how they train them; one of the trainers said dolphins naturally do flips and jumps but some are a little lazy : ) so they reward them for a job well done!Check out my photos to see the calf!! Also, they are going to be opening a new exhibit with manta rays!
5	Frickin' awesome! Seriously. This was perfect, and it was pretty inexpensive for Vegas. You walk into the garden, and you see the dolphins. They frequently have shows with the dolphins, and you can watch them being fed, as well. Go further into the garden, and you'll see the cutest little lion (okay, not so little) that you've ever seen. Yes, they have white tigers, leopards, white lions, and jaguars... but nothing compares to the cuteness of this lion on the right hand side of the garden. He's so adorable. I sat there with him for about a half hour. The other animals are cute, too, but this lion was unmatched... and I was forced to sit there... I was debating whether or not I could break him out and take him home. But, shhhh... mums the word. We're still in the planning phases.
1	Thank god we got a discount and payed only $4 per person and believe me its $4 too much they have few dolphins but they don't do shows nor nothin. U can just watch how they feed them. The lions n tigers r something else's but just why would you charge so much when they are only active at night and all they do during the day is sleep, so if you want to see some lions and tigers sleep go ahead and pay $18 dollars n come here.
4	I was hesitant to bring the kids to Siegfried and Roy's secret garden because you never know what your gonna get at kid's attractions in Vegas. Usually it's some mediocre experience for a high price and we walk away feeling used. Luckily, at S & R, it was not the case. We had a great time, even in 103 degree heat. I brought my daughter, (7) and my son (2) here one morning, it was $29 total at the gate. We walked in and was immediately greeted by a Dolphin in a large pool. We walked around and saw an adjoining pool with 2 more dolphins, which I assume were for the Dolphin experience where you can swim with the dolphins. We walked over the bridge to an even larger pool where 4 dolphins greeted us, including Mirage's newest treasure, a baby dolphin. The shade was sparse, but the view was incredible. You are as close to the dolphins as you can be without being in the pool with them. Off to the left is a gift shop, where 2 people greet you with a camera and take various pics before letting you through the next door and into the rest of the garden. We saw a leopard in a very small area =( He was pacing back and forth and it was very sad to see. There was one lion taking a nap on a tree, and then around the corner was the white tiger display. The leopard and the lion are definitely the red-headed step child in this situation because the white tigers digs are niiiiice in comparison. The white tigers were very entertaining and awe inspiring, however one cannot help but wish they were able to be free from their cages and in the wild where they belong. As we exited the caged area, we went through the other gift shop where the attendants showed us our pictures and gave their best sales pitch. We continued on our adventure to the front where we started, but went down the ramp to the underwater display of the dolphins. The facility is beautiful down there and very peaceful. I was just giving myself a talking to in my head "See Karey, Vegas can be fun for kids....." just then my daughter squealed, "MOM WHAT ARE THEY DOING?"  Me: "ummm what do you think they are doing?"Daughter: "Dancing?"Me: "Yes, Dancing"For you parents out there you know that and "wrestling" is the standard answer for what we saw. There were 3 male dolphins "dancing" so much that they slammed against our viewing window. I don't want to talk about why I know they were male, but trust me, they were male. So in the end, Vegas is Vegas, no matter how it is packaged and sold. You can try to keep your kids from seeing an orgy, but it's just not possible. Keep the kids at home.
4	I visited in August 2011, and enjoyed it, although it's fairly limited in scope.The dolphins were active, although it was obviously a fairly small space for them compared to dedicated marine parks.  They seemed healthy and active, and the underwater viewing port was great.  There was a baby dolphin swimming in circles with its mother.  There are no tricks or shows, just the animals behaving in a fairly natural way.The cats were all quite lazy and sleeping (it was mid-day and very hot, so this was to be expected), but seemed to be healthy and doing ok.  They also had fairly small enclosures -- not small cages, but certainly not enough space to run or exhibit full range of feline behavior.I really don't think this exhibit would have existed on its own as it is, but it's a good way to continue to maintain the animals after the shows have ended.The best deal is to get the 3 attractions (out of 8) for ~$50 pass.  Some of the other tickets are $28 each.
4	We really enjoyed our stop here! It's a bit of a walk through the Mirage hotel to the Secret Garden, but we didn't mind. The first thing you see is a dolphin exhibit. You can walk underneath to a viewing window, which gave us a great view of the new baby dolphin. We went early enough that it wasn't crowded, so we got to spend as much time as we wanted at the viewing window without being crowded. There are two more dolphin pools that do not have viewing windows, but the dolphins tended to stay near the top of the enclosure so we could see them easily. At one point, the staff came out to feed and examine the dolphins, so it was neat to see them interact. One of the dolphins did flips for fish.The cat exhibit was partially under construction, but we still got to see all of the cats. It was hot and most of them were inactive, but they were still in view, so it was neat to see the Golden Tigers and their other animals.Overall, this was a great spot to visit.
4	Okay for the kids, but its kind of small. I'm used to going to the San Diego Zoo and Sea World I guess.
5	What up 2month old cubs!   This attraction may seem small but each animal has their own personality and they are so much fun to watch!  There's some dolphins too, but who cares; the big cats are amazing!  It is clean, nothing smelled bad, and the staff was awesome and answered every stupid question I asked.  I would recommend this attraction for any type of tourist!  An easy five stars...
4	We booked Siegfried and Roy's Secret Garden as apart of our package from Southwest. I love dolphins so I was sold. This place was great. The animals are there for research purposes so there is no show or anything which I think is nice. The dolphins are so beautiful and interesting to watch well so are the tigers, leopards, and lions for that matter. This place is not that big so it does not take all that long to go through here so if you are expecting a full size zoo you won't get it. They have informational plaques outside the cages with some facts about the animals so you can actually learn something. They also employees who can answer any questions you have about the animals around which I thought was nice. The only issue is it was kind of warm so we wanted to buy some slurpees and we had almost 20 minutes for the cashier. She was nowhere to be found. I had to go into the store next door to ask someone about that. If you are going to be in the back for an extended period of time put up a sign or have a bell we can ring or something. Other than that there was no issues. The cats were very active when we were there which i was happy about because we got to see them play and stuff. I thought this place was alot of fun and I recommend.
5	I heart animals... and have a deep appreciation for them... considering I live in Hawaii and our zoo is uber sad... :( Upon entering our picture was taken... we ended up buying 2 pictures with 2 different backgrounds... you know where you're surrounded by lions and tigers but you're not REALLY surrounded by lions and tigers lol... tourist trap but hey I thought it was cute! Started out by the dolphins... ooh who doesn't love dolphins?! A trainer was feeding them and having them do some tricks for us... (the wave, or where they point and the dolphin swims to the other side of the tank, or jumping) just breathtaking to watch... we moved along to the other animals...It was also cool to be so close to the lions and tigers. Some were asleep, some were just chillin on the tree branches, and one big cat was walkin around (he kinda creeped me out so I stayed a wee bit farther away from him lol)... I was just in awe. These animals are HUGE and can be deadly, but something about being in their presence a mere 30 ft away only separated by a fence... well... it has some sort of excitement and appeal. We finally made our way to the secret garden gift shop... and I got a white bengal tiger stuffed animal holding a 3x5 photo frame that I could insert my own picture into... I think it's adorable... For $20 a person... well worth it to me!
5	Secret Garden is truly a Las Vegas treasure. It's for people of all ages. I love the dolphins and all the animal. It's a must see, really take your time and enjoy every minute of it.
4	The Secret Gardens - Mirage Hotel & Casinohttp://www.mirage.com/attractions/secret-garden.aspxWe stayed at the Mirage for a few days over Thanksgiving and while we were there we did quite a few activities.  One of them was The Secret Gardens & Dolphin Encounter.  The Secret Gardens & Dolphin Encounter is comprised of 2 parts, with the first being a large dolphin exhibit with a couple of pools and training shows.  This seemed very similar to other "swim and play with the dolphin" experiences that we've done and seen like Dolphin Quest in Hawaii.  There were packages of different durations & prices that you could do if you like but the weather was too cold for us.  Like most of the other people, we walked around for about a half hour watching the trainers feed and play with the dolphins as they swam and jumped.  There was a baby born earlier this year too; it was entertaining.Behind the Dolphin Encounter is The Secret Gardens with Siegfried and Roy's Tiger & Lion area.  Here you will find several large cats each housed in very sizable cages for viewing.  We thought the animals areas were pretty nice compared to typical zoo type environments.  There are several Lions (male & female) which were walking around in their cages and entertaining us.  There were 2 male lions in particular that were absolutely amazing and were just feet away from us for at least 10 minutes.  We spent about an hour watching and photographing them as they slept, played and walked about.  There were exhibit staff persons on hand too that were very helpful in providing information and questions.  One tip that I would give is to watch from a distance at first.  Lions mark their territory and displeasure with humans with a foul spray of urine.  They can spray quite a distance and seemed to be quite accurate.  For the unaware observer, this can be quite an unwelcome surprise.  BIG TIP:  Keep back from the cages and back sides of the animals!  Entrance fees are discounted for hotel guests.  The price for 3 of us would have been in the $55 range but we had free passes.
5	Pricey, but worth going just to see the dolphins. Almost not worth the cost because the other animals always have an agenda - hiding. You can see a nose of this or a tail of that which is kinda disgruntling, but you just saw dolphins above and below the water. So... mellowed out, you meander back towards the strip. Almost makes you not want to strangle those guys handing out the little adult cards. Almost.
4	First a disclaimer: I work at one of the other MGM properties, so I received discount tickets.  So I won't comment on the value, but I have been twice and enjoyed it each time.If you have family visiting that includes children, there are only so many things to do and see that would be appropriate.  Both my niece and nephew (ages 5 and 7) loved this.  There were two baby dolphins at the time of our visit and it was fun to see them following their moms around the pool trying to jump.  There was staff on hand around the pools to answer questions and we got to see some of their exercises.  The over all exhibit is not that big, but you can easily spend at least an hour here.  Be aware that much of it is in direct sunlight which was great for this recent visit, but I had previously gone in the summer and wow, was it hot!
5	A great experience at the Mirage.  Fun for all ages, especially the kids of course.  Coming face-to-face with the cutest mammal on earth is amazing.  On-viewing an erupting volcano wasn't bad either.  You get a discount on tickets if you're staying at the Mirage.  We were not guests, but it was worth the price!  The secret garden is enchanting, I would have kids' bday parties here if I lived in LV.  The gift shop is cute, and I had to stay inside a few times to avoid the heat.  I'm not used to heat growing up in SF...it's usually foggy.
4	Very clean, great for kids to see, never thought we can go in for free if you are a platnium vip players club. that was a good thing.
5	for the price in vegas this is a great animal experience. you get very close to both the dolphins and tigers. when we went all were pretty active.
4	I was very hesitant to go to the Secret Garden because I'm normally against supporting places where animals are held in captivity, but it was obvious from the moment I saw the dolphins and other animals that they were very well taken care of and treated properly by the Garden's care staff. The animals at the Secret Garden, including the dolphins, are not forced to do tricks or shows. Instead, they get to swim around, do what they want, and are not bothered by visitors. The dolphins are very majestic to look at, and so are the lions, tigers, and leopards. I was very pleased to see these beautiful animals, and was even more appreciative that they seemed to be treated well and taken care of.
5	This is simply one of those places that I can never get tired of.  Been here many times over the years and love each visit.They do a great job taking care of these animals since they protect wildlife.  They bring in young animals for the purpose of learning, teaching and to create new life.  They work with other facilities around the world to prevent inbreeding.  This is important because some of these animals are disappearing in the wild.  Without such facilities, future generations would never see these beautiful wild cats.I also love the dolphins here.  I've taken several private classes over the years and have swam with these dolphins.  They are gentle and it's a once in a lifetime experience one has to experience.It's a great place for all age groups.  If you love animals or just curious, this is the place for you!I will be back!
3	If it weren't for the steep price ($20/ person), it'd totally be worth it.  I'd say that $15 would make it feel like a better value.  However, my group spent an enjoyable hour checking out the dolphins and various felines.
4	Brought some friends here for a quick sightseeing stop on the Strip. Thank goodness for locals discount. At $17 a pop it was bearable for what the Garden had to offer. If I had to pay the full 20 bucks I think I might have felt ripped off. Maybe I was expecting too much? Or maybe I was just disappointed that the llamas were gone. However, all the animals are very beautiful and well cared for so no complaints in that area.My recommendations - if you are into sea life, the dolphins are really worth it. We probably spent a good 45 minutes watching them play and be feed by the staff. If you are into wild cats I would definitely say go a little later in the evening. There is more of a chance they will be awake.
4	Came with a friend and our kiddos. She somehow had some free tickets so we didnt have to pay anything. That was pretty sweet.We were really lucky that all the dolphins and big cats were out and active.They have a really cool underwater viewing area which allows you to see them swimming and playing. Some were coming right up to the window giving us the eye. That was pretty amazing. The kids were going crazy for them.All the cats were up and roaming around..some were roaring so loud. The white tiger was by far our favorite.The male lions were spraying everyone..but I knew to step back when they backed that a** up to the fence...some tourists were not so lucky. Ughh.Of course we end up at the gift shop and get the kids matching white tiger backpacks for 30 bucks.It was a fun day. If you have kids its a must see.
4	If you need a break from the crazy Vegas drinking and partying life and need to get in touch with the wild cat inside of you check out the Secret Garden at the Mirage!There was a dolphin habitat where you seriously can touch dolphins if you just extend your arm. Of course you aren't allowed to, but it's a real treat when the trainers come out to feed them or just to talk about the creatures and show us tricks.There was a small habitat full of wild cats, white tigers, regular tiger, albino lions?!, black cheetah, and a regular cheetah. Half of them were sleeping while others roared and excited the visitors.It was just a really relaxing experience, I probably won't be back because it's one of those things that you have to cross off your Vegas bucket list or if you have kids and have nowhere else to drop them off as you gamble your life-savings away!
5	My love of dolphins and how close you get to be to them forces me to give this attraction 5 stars.  You will be within a few feet of the dolphins and the trainers do an excellent job keeping the crowd entertained while working with the dolphins.  I could sit by the pools and watch them all day long.  The pools are filled with crystal clear water and there are least 8 dolphins spread throughout the large pools.  Once you finish up with the dolphins you can stroll down the path to see the white lion, tigers, panther, and cheetah roaming around.  If you love the zoo/aquarium experience, this is not to be missed!
2	I brought my kids here to see the white tiger. Thinking it was still in the entrance to the Mirage. It was not any more. How things have changed. Now i have to pay to see them with dolphins and other animals. So i pay to see sleep lions and tigers. Being from san diego I have been to the zoos and seaworld and that is so much better. Here we can see the dolphins but can not touch them. To me it was a waste of money. i would have rather takin them to circus circus adventure doom or game works. But you live and you learn. maybe for $10 this would be decent. Nothing spectacular. But for $50 something with 2 adults and 2 kids not worth it.
4	Yeah yeah, this isn't quite the Vegas you're set out to do... but I think this place is worth the price of admission.I've never been so close to dolphins and white tigers and a white lion in my life.  It's such a treat and special.  I can't believe I was only about 3 feet from a dolphin here.  He came up and just lounged for a bit, swam around and looked at me.  I wasn't a huge fan of dolphins before this trip, but wow, if only I could always be so close!  Makes me want to be a trainer.I was lucky to see a training session (which aren't really scheduled) and learned a bunch about these sea mammals.Nice break from the Vegas hoopla.
4	Really cool... but not much to see for the price of admission.  we spent a lot of time watching the dolphins.  they are beautiful and so much fun to enjoy.  didn't see any of the "shows", but that didn't matter.  fun to just hang out by their pool.the cats were our other favorite.  the lions are amazing to watch... even got to hear some good roars!
5	I totally geeked out at this place. I loved it. I had free tickets, but the regular price of about $20 would have been worth it. The dolphin habitat is really cool b/c you can watch them from only a few feet away. Very cool. They even had some baby dolphins swimming with their moms. And you can watch them from an underwater area that is super cool. The lions and tigers was epic. I spent about 45 minutes watching them all. Thankfully, all 4 Bengal tigers were up and about, one of them paced in front of the fence for about 30 minutes and we could watch him from about 5 feet away. The massive Siberian tiger was active too. They've got a black leopard and also a spotted leopard. The black one was up and about. All the lions were sleeping, but I didn't care because I got such a great experience with the tigers. Going to see big cats is a gamble because you never know if they'll be sleeping. And cats sleep most of the day. I was fortunate. But I'd definitely recommend this place. Oh, and very clean. The staff had lots of good info about the animals and they were always very helpful and kind. For $20 you can get into a lot of normal zoos, and for that price I'd definitely go to the zoo, but if you're in LV and really want to see these cats, I think the price is decent.
3	I wanted this to be a lot cooler than it was. For $20, I don't think it's worth the price. There were some beautiful tigers, and it was great seeing them, but there's literally like 6 overall big cats and a dolphin show. You could spend easily 30 minutes and see everything, but then of course you wasted all the time and money coming all the way over here from the the MGM... Ugh! I wanted baby kitties and I saw no such creatures. Although the dolphin show was pretty cool.
2	Sigh.  I've been here several times when friends or family are in town.  I like to support animal facilities when they are done right, but this place upsets me everytime I'm there.  And I decided the last time we visited will be the last.There isn't a whole lot to the place.  There are two pools with dolphins, an underwater viewing area, and a few enclosures with big cats.  You can be in-and-out pretty quickly, but kids love it so you can be here longer if you want to.First off, the dolphin tank is FILTHY.  I noticed it pretty quickly since my husband cleans tanks as part of his job, but even our friends noticed it right away as well.  And it's been filthy all four times I've visited.  Get some divers in there daily if need be, don't make these poor animals uncomfortable.  Secondly, the dolphin tank is SPARCE.  There are one, maybe two, "coral" structures at the bottom of the pool and that is it.  We are talking about some of the smartest animals on Earth being stuck in what I would consider to be a condo with a kitchen table and nothing else.I would also like to mention that the dolphins we saw in the underground viewing area all had scratches and what appeared to be skin conditions covering their bodies.  I'm sure some of it (the scratches in particular) are natural, but I can't imagine it all is.Lastly, the big cats look bored and cramped.  At least their enclosures are a bit more interactive and clean than the dolphins', but I'm pretty sure those cats are trying to plan their escape.I'm sure the employees mean well and it has more to do with how much money the casino is providing them to make improvements (I'm guessing none), but it doesn't change the fact that I feel awful when I'm there.  I would recommend skipping it.
3	I am trying to review this fairly, based on our group of four's collective experience.  I LOVE animals, especially dolphins, and it was my idea to go here.  I was thrilled with some aspects of it; guests are very close to the animals, the big cats were much more active than any I've seen in zoos, and there were a few "baby" dolphins (younger than a year).  We caught part of a training exercise with the older dolphins, which was fun.  I was shocked by how small the entire facility is, but especially by how small the animal enclosures are.  There are several dolphins in tanks which looked to be the size of a larger backyard pool, and there isn't much to break the monotony of the blue walls... I imagine the dolphins are bored, though I am no expert.  The lions and tigers paced around their tiny enclosures, and the whole thing felt sort of sad.  I felt it was worth the $20 admission fee, but I think I was alone in that sentiment.  It is VERY small; we wandered around, viewed each exhibit twice, and I think we left in under an hour.
4	I was a little disappointed that we didn't get to see the tiger that ate Roy's face off, but not a bad way to kill an hour or two. Maybe a little overpriced, but what in Vegas isn't? My daughter loved the baby dolphins. It was an experience that she'll probably always remember.
2	I don't know why this always happens to my mom, but she seem to have the worst of luck at places like this. Unfortunate situations always occur to her when she is just minding her own business.  She was just standing near the pool and watching the dolphins play when two of the male dolphins began to fight. The fight was so violent that both dolphins landed on the cement and began aggressively hitting there tails at each other. This was less than 2 feet away from my mom. My mom and another woman ran for their lives. Both dolphins were cut and bloody due to the severe fight, and flopped back into the water to continue the fight. The staff didn't say sorry and just explained to her and the other woman that male dolphins fight over territory. Of course it ruined my mom's trip. She came here to relax because the night before she got a phone call that informed her that her Dad had died. I should have brought her to the Mandalay Bay Shark thing. The day just got worse at the Tiger and Lion exhibit. One of the tigers decided to take a piss towards the crowd of people watching.  I had no clue that a tiger could piss that far of a distance. The people all ran backwards, but thought it was funny. They were laughing because it missed them, but I bet if it actually hit them they would be pissed off as hell. So, I guess this place ain't 100% safe. So my advice is to hold onto your young children, and don't let them get too close to the dolphin tanks.  If management is reading this and thinks I am exaggerating, go check out the security tape and see for yourself. I came on 2/26/2012 around 3pm. A lot of crazy sh!t happens here btw...
3	Save your money all the lions, tigers, leopards are sleeping! Dolphins were pretty neat but not 20 dollars worth to see. Maybe 10.
3	3 stars seem fair for this place. The tigers are unique but nothing special. They were rare and imported but were a asleep. The dolphins were pretty cool and are very talented but you can not touch them. I think it is a little bit pricey at 19.95 but for 5 dollars, it would be worth it. A great place to take the family but no grown friends.dp
2	If your from Hawaii, been to Sea World, Sea Life Park, or the Animal Kingdom at Disney World.  I would pass on this place.  If this didn't come with our Las Vegas Pass I would have felt we wasted our time and money on this place.  Prices:  Admission:Adults: $19.95Children 4 - 12: $14.95Children 3 and Under: FreeMilitary Discount & Nevada Locals:  Adults: $16.95Children 4 - 12: $11.95Must present Military ID at purchaseBesides the dolphins, all of the other animals  were asleep.  We sawSleeping Golden and White Tigershttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=xYcIQC2flXGTm6mefEVUIw&userid=8kskB3QBzO3eQQ1egeasXQSleeping Lions and White Lions http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=dOTJK_EalDwCGKPmo73ujg&userid=8kskB3QBzO3eQQ1egeasXQSleeping Leopardshttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=t03kzU-oNsMLgOvN4xtvSw&userid=8kskB3QBzO3eQQ1egeasXQI was heart broken to see how small the enclosure is for these majestic animals.  You can easily see everything in less then an hour, probably in less then 30 minutes if you don't come with kids.  When we arrived we were lucky enough  to witness some type of interaction with the Dolphins with people who paid $550 to be trainers for the day. A staff member announced that this would probably be the only interaction that we would see with the dolphins since they do not have planned shows.   http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=8kskB3QBzO3eQQ1egeasXQOne highlight from this excursion is that they have a new born baby calf.  He was born on August 20 and he kept on talking to my baby.  Swimming around and peeking his head out of the water and making my toddler laugh.  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=fSYaChleVCL81V9jbZK8TA&userid=8kskB3QBzO3eQQ1egeasXQMaybe if it was a bit cheaper.  I was just expecting a bit more because Siegfried and Roy's name is attached to this place.  It's name the Secret Garden for crying out loud.  What's so secret about it?
4	This was a great, family-friendly activity. I enjoyed seeing the dolphins,white tigers, and other animals here. We got free tickets for attending something, so I can't comment on the price.We did enjoy it, though. I think it's one of those things where once you see it, you may not need to go again. It's no sea world, but it was something fun to do for people who are underage in Vegas.
4	First thing to remember / take note of - NV residents gets a $3 discount. Not a major discount but a nice one. I'm a sucker for any place I can see animals - especially when it is a learning oriented facility and not one teaching them to jump through hoops (literally) for profit.Enclosures were a good size and the animals were really close which is fairly expected at a facility this size. As for the complaints about animals being asleep -- they are giant cats! They sleep... FAR more hours per day than they are out wandering around. It's a wild animal that is not there strictly to amuse you. Enjoy them.. sleeping or otherwise. The dolphin area was nice. I didn't watch any of their training demos but it was hilarious watching them rough house with each other in the pool towards the back of the exhibits. Price was a tad steep for the size of the facility but in the middle of Vegas chaos it was nice to take a few minutes away and see some gorgeous big cats and dolphins.
1	I love animals and we are regular visitors locals zoos and our marine wildlife park, so maybe that is why I wasn't impressed with this attraction.  They have three dolphin pools - two for training and one mother/baby pool.  It's basically a trainer talking in a microphone the whole time while you watch those that paid for the trainer program feed and tell the dolphins to do tricks.   There are no schedules, so you are moving from pool to pool in order to see the dolphins.  Also, there is a very small amount of shade around the pools so bring sunscreen and be prepared to stand directly in the Las Vegas sun!  They do have underground viewing for the dolphins as well.  The mother/baby pool was the best part for me as it was fun to see the babies swimming alongside their mother.  Don't come here expecting to see a choreographed show as they don't do this here.  They are trying to keep them as "natural" as possible which I think is the best thing they can do for dolphins in captivity.  The big cat exhibit was a big letdown.  They have two white tigers, two black panthers and two lions in what appears to be small enclosures.  They are doing some construction to either make the place bigger or for new animals.  We went at around noon and every single cat was sleeping.  The most exciting thing for the three kids in our group was the Fountain of Longevity in this area.  They had more fun splashing in the water than watching the tigers or dolphins.The snack bar is way overpriced as I spent over $11 for three Slurpee drinks.  The gift shop has many overpriced things as well ($36 for a stuffed animal).  I know it's Vegas, but after paying $75 for 3 adults & 1 child to get in, I had spent enough on this exhibit.  Heck, the MGM lion habitat (that is sadly no longer there) was more entertaining than this place.  My tip - save your time and money, this one is a bust!
1	When I went the lady in the ticket booth couldn't explain anything about what to expect once I paid for my visit. So I ended up buying the ticket and then getting a refund. There are dolphins they just swim around and you can't get really close enough to see them because there are people in the way. There was only one lion and he was so far away and there was three tigers two of them were sleep the whole time. The panther and some other animals weren't even out. All the animals looked drugged up and kept walking the same pattern back and forth. Wasn't very natural. Don't waste your money.
4	I was in Vegas with my son and was looking for something for him to do. Since we were staying at the Mirage, it made sense to see what was close by. Siegfried & Roy's Secret garden was recommended to us byt he front desk and we had a great time. My son enjoyed watching the dolphins in the pool and even got to see the new baby dolphin there. After watching the dolphins, we made our way to lion's den. There were white tigers, lions and I think I saw a jaguar. It was fantastic that we were so close and my son loved seeing the animals up close. There was an option to take a green screened picture but we passed on that. I'm not sure how much it was but we both decided against it. A great time for kids and parents alike.
2	Meh - that is exactly how I felt when going through the Secret Garden. I expected something amazing, but I did not get that whatsoever.I wanted to enjoy my experience here a little bit more than I did, but with the summer heat, and nothing exciting happening, I decided to just rate this place with 2 stars. I would suggest going at around 1pm when the animals are newly released into the habitat so that they're actually doing something, not being nocturnal and sleeping. I understand that cats of their capacity need to have their 20+ hours of sleep, but man. I did not drop $20 to watch the butt of a white tiger sleep against the fence. I was pretty much over it in 10 minutes. The dolphins, I would've loved to swim with or touch, but unfortunately that costs about $50 more. Being so close to the dolphins though was amazing, and I enjoyed them a lot. The little show they had was cute too! The fact that they splash the audience was such a good feeling on that extremely hot 100+ degree weather day.Oh! Okay 2 1/2 star rating for at the gift shop at the end of the Secret Garden walkthrough. The printer ran out of paper, so we got an extra print out of one of the photos my family and I took. The poses they have you do is cute, and the options for pictures are adorable as well. So all in all, 2 1/2 star rating. There you have it! Not the most fun tourist attraction in Vegas, but it wasn't absolutely horrendous either. :)
4	This is a pretty cool place to see some really big cats, really close. Its a must see IMO
3	This intimate setting provides a lovely opportunity to view these beautiful creatures up close and personal but it also tugs at your heart strings because they look so restless and confined. The only animal who looked cozy was the lion. He was sleeping but then awoke with a hearty roar and later sat for a photo session in front of his adoring observers. He even sneezed which was adorable and made him appear far less foreboding than he probably would have wished. The rare white tigers and the leopards were exquisite. The dolphin show was probably the most entertaining portion of the tour because the dolphins were so sweet and obliging when it comes to working the crowd. They performed acrobatic feats and the two calves were adorable. The trainers were friendly and answered questions. One quick caveat, I asked the workers there if the cats were always confined to these cramped quarters, but I was relieved to learn that the sanctuary extended outside of the cages and they were released into it after operating hours. Overall, it was fun but nothing too spectacular. It's a great family outing if you're brave enough to bring your kids to Sin City. But I'm happy I went.
4	If your expecting SeaWorld or the San Diego Zoo, then don't visit. However, this small enclosure was very interesting, especially of you talk with the specialists, who answer all your questions about animal and nature conservation. They have a great dolphin breeding program and there are 30 wild cats (they rotate the enclosures) that are take care of and protected. The white lion was sleeping, as most cats do, for the majority of the time. Seeing such an endangered (only alive in captivity) species was a real treat and worth the visit. We watched the animals for a couple hours so eventually we did see all the big cats moving around, and even roar!  Amazing and informative experience, but don't expect your stereotype flips and fireworks. This is not for those seeking the superficial ooh and aah experience.
4	It's not some mind blowing zoo with super exotic creatures pulled from deep within the Amazon. It's a small selection of large cats and some dolphins that is kind of a tribute to Siegfried and Roy. Think of it like the last impression they left here in Vegas. As for the safety of guests, as one reviewer freaked out about: I wouldn't say it was any less safe than a regular zoo. You have to keep in mind that animals are animals and therefore they lack the cognitive ability to recognize (or care) that their crazy fueding (or peeing) may affect others. I once had a chimp throw its poop through its cage and get all over my legs. I was angry then but I didn't hold a grudge and I certainly didn't expect management to compensate me for something that is completely beyond their control. Now, if the animal escapes its cage and attacks you, you might have a case. Anyway, I think it's great for a one-time experience.
4	This attraction is located right next to the Mirage pool and Bare Adult pool.Since I was staying in the Mirage, I decided to take advantage of the Secret Garden of Siegfried and Roy because it was in my hotel and I wanted to fully experience the Mirage Resort. Hotel guests get $4 off general admission so that was a plus and decided why not try something different from the casino or lounge.Entering the Garden, you are greeted with a large open dolphin tank and on the right side of the pool is the overpriced Dolphin Cafe and store. You have an option to have your picture taken before entering the garden but I opt out. Just size of the garden or mini zoo is pretty small but fun to look at the wildlife and being surrounded by lush tropical plants was a fun and relaxing experience.  It's great for kids, couples and animal lovers. I do admit the zoo is pretty small for the animals and they should have more room in their cages to roam freely.
2	It was 20 bucks for adults to get into the exhibit. I wouldn't say that it's all that worth it, especially if you've been to the San Diego zoo or Sea World. You will find large tigers in cages and dolphins. You may even catch the trainers with the dolphins, and glimpse a little show of their session like we did. But for the most part, it's a really small exhibit that won't last more than half an hour to 45 minutes.
4	This exhibit is so fun! It is located inside the Mirage hotel and casino on the Las Vegas strip. I could just stare at the dolphins for hours. My goal is to do day do the swim with the dolphins options. It is also inexpensive. There are discounts for locals, military, students, seniors and children. The dolphins are just such beautiful creatures and amazing to watch. They have a bunch of other animals there as well including the infamous white tigers. This is a great place to go if you are vacationing in Vegas with little ones or any animal lovers. They will love it! I would recommend doing this attraction in the early morning if you are visiting in the warmer months because this is when it is the coolest. If you wait until the afternoon you might be too hot to actually enjoy the exhibit.
4	Hidden behind the strip in the back of the Mirage is this pretty neat place housing Siegfried and Roy's famous white tigers. In a lush landscaped area, there are two huge pools with five dolphins and behind this area are walkways with large areas containing the tigers and also blonde lions (very nice) and a black leopard and a regular leopard and a bengal tiger. It is so out of the ordinary from the rest of Vegas that it really is worth a visit. Plus the animals do look well taken care of and are provided with a very large area to roam. Wasn't sure why the dolphins were here but they add a nice touch and sometimes they do a show. The area is pretty large and the staff is both knowledgeable and friendly. The price is a bit much but in the end was worth it. Mirage guests get $4 bucks knocked off.
5	Painting With the Dolphins - My review is for the new attraction called, Painting With the Dolphins at the Secret Garden at the Mirage.  I have to say that it was one of the top 10 Coolest Things I've done in my life!  It was AMAZING!!  If you can afford it at all, try to do this.  It cost $200 per person, but it was totally worth it for me.  Included in this price is one on one time with the dolphin where you paint a picture and then let the dolphin help you complete the picture - as well as a photograph of you with the dolphin.  It was an absolute joy!  However, it is not a private experience!  You feel like you are part of the show because everyone is filming it.The only thing that could have improved the experience was that the blonde trainer left something to be desired.  She let me feed Cosmo exactly 4 fish even though I was doing it correctly.  She did all the feeding herself and then lectured me about how they work for food.  OK I get it.  But what is the big frickin deal whether the paying guests feed them or the trainer feeds them?!  It would mean so much to the guests while the trainers do it on a daily basis.  The dolphin doesn't care WHO feeds them.  They are smart enough to know that if they paint they will be fed!   I still gave the experience 5 stars because the trainer DID provide me with a lot of education about dolphins and it truly was a magical experience.  However, I was prepared to give a $100 tip which she didn't receive because she was so stingy with the fish.  If they can learn from this criticism, it would make this soooo much better.
4	Not a huge attraction. There is one main pool with an underwater viewing area and two smaller pools. We were there in the early afternoon before it was too crowded. The trainers "play" with the dolphins at random times so its easy to catch the action.The lion and tiger area is tiny with just a few cats. The regular price of 19.99 per adult is a little high for the size of the area but we had a comp so it was well worth our time
1	Went to this last Wednesday. I thought it was a total waste of money. The dolphins are in small concrete pools and the few lions and tigers were in very small enclosures. Reminded me of the local backyard zoo. One of the tigers was pacing frantically from stress. Should be closed down for cruelty! Very disappointed in the Mirage and Siegfried and Roy for sponsoring this. These animals deserve better.
4	I got tickets to go here for basically free so my opinion might be biased but my boyfriend and I honestly enjoyed ourselves.. It's crazy you would never think in a million years that there are dolphins just chilling on Las Vegas Blvd. but there are!!! I love how close you actually get to the dolphins.. I could just sit there forever and watch them... they're so beautiful! The wild cats were cool to look at too but I was more in awe of the dolphins.. If you go at certain times the trainers will interact with them and have them do some "tricks.." Don't forget to check out the underground area so you can get a better look at the dolphins.. I think my biggest complaint would be the size of the habitat.. you can't really spend that much time here since it's pretty small but they probably can't expand it anyways...HOT TIP: don't forget to ask for a discount if you are a Nevada resident, Mirage hotel guest or military= $16.95
4	The dolphins were a HUGE hit with my toddler!  We loved interacting with the dolphins, they were such graceful creatures, twirling to make us laugh, and I could almost swear they could hear us through the glass.  What intelligent creatures.  I wish they kept the pool a little cleaner though.  As for the lions, they were magnificent, but good luck in taking any photos with them awake.  I just read up that they are nocturnal animals, normally sleeping for 20 hours a day!  Ah yes, the perks of being king of the jungle.Pics Please! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/secret-garden-las-vegas-2?select=OxrScPdr4mT0cUa8hJQchg#OxrScPdr4mT0cUa8hJQchg
4	Amazing place... Good for killing some time with the kids.
3	We went to Vegas for our honeymoon. We made a stop here. It was great. We saw a dolphin training session.  The dolphins were out in full force. They even PAINT. and you can even paint with them (but you have to pay for that too).one of the works was extremely well educated and told us about the separate pools, and how she was there for 2 births!all the lions were sleeping, but it was still cool to see.
3	The Secret Garden was not a good experience.  There isn't really that much happening.  I expected to get up close with wild animals, and that didn't happen.  The dolphins were nice but if you're like me and wanted to see an aggressive lion then this isn't the place for you.  The animals were all sleeping and they didn't look very happy.  The lion I saw reacted to my yelling and motions by yawning. At best, this should be a once in a lifetime visit.
3	Small garden, but if you have kids the dolphins make it worth it
4	We were looking for a fun activity to do with our 18 month old. We are Vegas locals so we try to stay as far away from the strip as possible. We are so glad we made an exception. Yes, it was hot. 107 in the shade, but it was a lot of fun to watch my son interact with the dolphins in the underwater tunnels. Although the big cats are nocturnal, aside from the Lions, all the cats were awake. It is quite a pull...seeing dolphins in the desert. I think we will continue to come back as my son grows.
5	The BEST of "Surf and Turf" is at the Secret Gardens of Siegfried and Roy!  Back when S&R were THE top entertainers in Las Vegas at the Mirage Resort, they in consort with Mr. Steve Wynn built this habitat for some of the magicians' famous white lions and tigers. The Mirage became accredited as a dolphin habitat for educational school visits as well as captive dolphin breeding so what you will see is FIRST CLASS!  There are two massive interconnected pools to watch the dolphins respond to the trainers and show some of their natural antics and inquisitiveness. Then you can walk down an easy ramp to LARGE underwater viewing windows where the dolphins often come right up and seem to delight in interacting with the viewers - especially children. I have taken children from kindergarten to high school and EVERY one of them fell in love with these intelligent creatures. Seldom has there not been plenty of up close viewing room at the massive windows. When you come back up from the depths you continue on the path into a 'jungle area with the beautiful white lions and tigers and very often there will be a zoo trainer interacting with some young cubs of the prolific tigers and some of the lions too all within a few feet of you. Although these giant 'cats' are usually nocturnal they are just as often roaming their habitats filled with flowers and trees. The lions were much more active than the white tigers the half dozen times we have visited but we have never been 'skunked' by not seeing several of these beautiful creatures in action. HINT   We make it a point to bypass the dolphins and head straight to the lions and tigers to see what they are up to and then if there is little going on we do our 45-60 minutes with the dolphins and return to the 'jungle'. As I said we have never missed seeing some amazing 'turf' activity!
5	There is not a ton to do in Vegas. I was staying at the Mirage and otherwise would have never checked it out because it sounds like a tourist trap. BUT It was the coolest place ever!
5	Wow!!!  We did the dolphin Trainer for a Day program and it was absolutely amazing!  From the beginning of the day until the end, we were a part of the crew helping out with all aspects of dolphin care, from feeding through medical needs, and we learned so much about these beautiful mammals.  They treated us like a part of the team all day.  The whole crew has so much love for all of them and it showed.  The food was terrific.  Most amazing was the free CD full of amazing pictures from our day so we can remember every part of our day.   We all had smiles plastered on our faces from the beginning of the day through to the end.  Thank you Mirage!
2	Man was this a disappointment!!!This exhibit is fairly pricey - $20 for adults. There were no shows nor set feeding times for the dolphins; there are also no interactive exhibits like at Sea World. The exhibit for the dolphins is not beautiful and merely functional; it is also extremely sunny with little shade and little good seating.The large cats exhibit was ok - prettier than the dolphins but disappointing nonetheless.  Large cats are most active in the early am and later pm. The park's hours, however, are only 10 to 6 (7, but the last entrance allowed is at 6). This is not the optimal time for the cats and they were all laying and sleeping during the hot day hours. Truly, this exhibit should just be free to guests, not pay, and certainly not $20 for adults!! You should skip this one unless you have never before seen a dolphin and this will be your only chance.Overall = Fail.
4	For an attraction on the strip, the Secret Garden is pretty reasonably priced. $16/person for locals or military, children 3 and under are free, and you can bring in any food and drinks you want. I've been 3 times now with my annual membership $50/adult, no discounts, and it's never been too crowded, not even on Father's Day weekend.There are about 6 dolphins, I think, and they transfer them back and forth between 3 pools. You can get really close to the pool, but not close enough to touch the dolphins (nor is it allowed). The trainers do a "training session" (it's not really a show) for about 5-10 minutes approximately every 30 or 40 minutes. You'll see the dolphins swimming around, maybe doing a jump or 2, and catching a lot of fish in their mouths, but it's not Sea World, so they won't be putting on that kind of choreographed display.You can also go to an underground viewing room, which is cool and gives you some pretty good views of the dolphins.The often-overlooked area of the Secret Garden is the big cats exhibit. They have about 8 different cats (white lions, white tigers, leopards, panthers) in separate exhibits. Each area is not huge, but it seems well-planned with lots of vegetation, shade, and lounging spots for the animals. In addition, there seems to be no "back house" area where the animals can hideout, like at most zoos, so even if they're sleeping, you can always see them. The cats are pretty impressive, and the dolphins are entertaining, so I definitely recommend the Secret Garden if you're travelling through town with kids, and I recommend it even more if you live here! Pack a lunch, see the animals, and relax in the sun or shade while enjoying your cheap eats!
4	Don't let the name "Secret Garden" fool you. Note that here, not only do they have dolphins but the "Secret Garden" is in fact home to the white tigers, leopards and lions. It was a nice break to typical Vegas scene. It is $20 a ticket, but for that you get to enjoy seeing the dolphins both above and below ground and the garden with the animals. They also have a gift shop and cafe so you can stay as long as you want.
4	Let me start by saying I paid significantly less than the $20 price tag to get in here due to someone in the group being in the animal training industry.  That being said, paying $20 isn't such a bad price considering there are a good amount of cats to see and the place is pretty much empty - at least when we went at 3pm on a weekend day.  I can see kids being pleased with the adventure as you do get pretty close views of the cats and the dolphins and there aren't tons of people that you can't see over.  The underwater dolphin viewing room is great too! Keep in mind there is a souvenir photo if you want for $20, and it's taken on a green screen, so try and avoid wearing green if you go.
3	Another disappointment here barely saw any dolphins the only good part was I did see white tiger which are my favorite... I purchased the 3 for $57 came here to shark reef aquarium at Mandalay bay and to the Luxor for the bodies exhibition which was my favorite!!
2	Siegfried and Roy's secret garden , where do i start. I guess it was pretty okay .. ish. Dolphins were cool , untrained but cool. I wouldnt have minded seeing a backflip or something. I did form a kinship with one of them , he had banished himself to the corner and i named him echo. Okay so it wasnt a kinship it was me staring at a dolphin in a corner calling him echo. Other then that its an incredibly small place as far as habitats go, this could be why its a secret garden. White tigers and lions are very cool to see no matter where they are with the possible exception of my house. Alpaca's???? they must have filled a shipping bill out incorrectly, how these sheep / goats that do absolutaly nothing wormed their way into the habbitat i will never know. Either way as i said a little dissapointed in the size of the place and diversity of animals but realistically i got what i came to see, including overpriced photos of the girlfriend kissing a cgi lion ....yay.
3	I did watch the documentary "The Cove" a few years ago, so I had a strong guilty feeling throughout most of our time. The pools didn't seem very clean. The dolphins in the main tank seemed pretty depressed.The other groups of dolphins didn't seem as stressed. It is always fun to see dolphins jump, but I was glad it wasn't in the sea world style. I don't worry about these animals being starved for not performing well. The price tag is comparable to other attractions in Vegas. I wish they had areas of glass enclosure for the big cats so I could get better pictures without fence. I don't regret going, but we won't go out of our way to go again.
4	We went there two days ago, it was nice, but... The dolphin show (or however they call it) was super short and lacking. Other than that it kind of felt like the cages were way too little for the tigers and lions . The place itself is nice and clean though.
5	The lions are amazing and beautiful. We got our tix at the box office of Luxor as part of a 3 for $57 deal.  Good value as we were able to check out Bodies Exhibit as well as the aquarium Shark Reef experience at Mandalay Bay.   There is a great underwater viewing area of the 6-8 dolphins they have and it's wonderful to see them play with each other under water. Perfect for kids.  I would recommend devoting at least two hours to this walk through of exhibits to fully take it all in.   We took the tour at 3 o'clock on a Wednesday in January. There was about 100 people there at the time along with us and it made for easy walking along side the lions and tigers.
5	I had never been here before. We got a discount on tickets because we were staying here. We could see the dolphins from our window every morning but it was nice to see them up close. We got there just in time for the little dolphin show they put on at random times during the day. Make sure you go down below to the viewing room and see them playing under water.Don't forget to head back and see the little zoo area as well with the white tigers and lions and leopards oh my. One of the white tigers was having a bad day and got in a fight with his brother earlier so they had him separated into another cage and he was pacing back and forth and growling. Some times he would stop and put his front paws up on the fence. Seeing them up close like that you realize just how massive and powerful they are. You could feel the ground shake whenever he growled. The funny thing is they act just like big house cats. The trainers put cardboard boxes with scented newspaper inside inside the cages and they would rip these up and roll around just like a house cat. Only thing is when these guys claw or bite you you might not live through it.The price was very reasonable especially if you were staying at the hotel. It is worth it to go and wander around for a few hours. It is definitely different from the usual things you find on the strip and a nice chance of pace. We will go back for sure.
3	As a kid I remember going with my parents to the Mirage and checking out the white tigers and as vague as it was I remembered it was magical! Coming back to it, they had changed the indoor garden into a restaurant and moved everything outdoors! The garden is quite small, and actually about 10 minutes your pretty much done! Paying $18 per adult is probably not worth it, unless you never been to Sea world or something, but you do get a slight closer look of the White tigers and lions oh and dolphins! Its always amazing to see wildlife especially when its rare!
3	As others have stated, seeing the animals in containment was really just kind of a buzzkill. Yes it's awesome to see tigers/lions/dolphins up close, but they all just seem to be unhappy. Maybe it's PETA's crazy campaigns and the movie "The Cove" that made me feel this way, but it was hard to enjoy this.With that said, we were walking around and Sigfried himself walked up to us and said "Hello I am Sigfried, I hope you all enjoy!" We took our photo with him and it was pretty awesome to meet a Vegas legend, even though it was awkward because I didn't know what to say to him.
4	Just went here yesterday and it was pretty cool. Probably won't be in a rush to go back since it was overpriced for what it was. Good tourist attraction, though. Plus we got a locals discount. The dolphins were my daughter's favorite. She wanted to watch them play and jump and do tricks. The trainers were very nice and really seemed to care about the animals. Especially the young blonde trainer. It was good to see! The animals seemed content. The big cats were all sleeping. BUMMER. Still cool to see though. Hard to get pictures :(
3	I just have to say this was nothing special. I didn't get to see any trainings because they don't have showtimes.
4	Great but really wish they had scheduled training sessions with the dolphins like to know how long I need to or not wait with my 3 year old..
4	I ran into this place online when looking for things to do and decided this sounded like fun. The full name is the Secret Garden and Dolphin Habitat. When we first got in we were told that part of the exhibit wasn't accessible because of construction. Darn. We couldn't see the under water observatory. It's okay. Going in we were greatest by the huge birthing pool with chairs around we could sit down. This place has a very chill atmosphere and honestly it was the closest ever I've been to dolphins. Four dolphins literally were in arms length away, the wall was low so you could technically step over it and join the dolphins in the pool. Pretty sure you're not suppose to. But the experience itself was different and it was exciting for me. Later the trainers came out and did and interaction with the dolphins. They fed them and the dolphins jumped into the air for us. Quite cool. Now the next area is where all of the cats are. When we got there all of the cats were sleeping. The Snow White cats were so adorable sleeping. I made my bf take me back later because I wanted to see the cats awake. It was very exciting to watch them walk back and forth and go about their day. They were so close. I was probably about 4-5 feet away from them. I know I enjoyed this place more than my boyfriend. He was disappointed there wasn't more to see.
4	Fun for all ages. You walk in to the dolphin area first. This in itself can provide a fair amount of time where you feel entertained without doing anything. Watching dolphins play with balls and chase each other is just naturally relaxing and worth chilling out for a bit when considering the hustle and bustle of everything else in Vegas.After the dolphin pools is the cat sanctuary. Now the thing to remember is that most of these animals are nocturnal so they just sleep in the day. If I didn't like cats, this place would be a 3 star, as its not very exciting. But still, seeing lions and tigers, leopards, and the like up close really makes you appreciate how mammoth these things are. Given how quickly $20 can be spent elsewhere in the city, this is worth the stop.
4	I LOVED THIS VISIT!  I've always wanted to check this out and really didn't know exactly what to expect.  It was totally cool.  I think what makes it nice is that it's small so you can see everything up close and personal. Most of the Garden consists of dolphin tanks.  They go from one to the other, but it's divided into three sections.  They do shows and have trainers doing demos in all areas.  Plus an underneath section where you can see under the water.  The dolphins were really fun to watch.  They keep the kiddo dolphins in one area and they play like crazy.  The second part of the Garden is where the big cats are kept.  There are some seriously beautiful animals.  I'm not a fan of cats in general, but you can't deny how beautiful and COOL they look.  Mostly they lounge around, but some seem to pose for you to take photos of them.We were excited to Siegfried and got our photo taken with him.  We found out from an employee that he comes to visit the animals every day.  I thought that was pretty cool and he was very gracious with all of the visitors.Another nice thing is that the Garden is set up so that those who are mobility challenged can get around.  Even wheelchairs can make their way throughout the areas, so that is awesome.We visited in March, on a Friday around noon and it was not crowded at that time at all.  It was a really enjoyable visit.  I think it costs around $20 to visit and you can return all day.  We got our tickets by playing the MyVegas game on the Facebook... so if you aren't doing that, you might want to consider picking up your free tickets that way.  Recommended!
3	When you think of Vegas, what do you think? Clubbing? Strippers? Gambling? Fine dining? Did you ever think about Dolphins?So my gf and I had an extended Vegas trip and we were looking for something to do during the day time. She has always been fond of white tigers but shes never seen one in real life. So what do you do when you're an awesome bf? Take her to the secret garden!So first off, the place is really small. Basically they have 2 exhibits, dolphins and big cats. They have about 5 dolphins here and they are quite photogenic. You can totally tell that the animals here are show animals because they love the spot light!As for the big cats, it includes tigers, lions, and panthers. Most of the animals are nocturnal so they were sleeping but there was one extremely prima donna lion. He just kept trouncing back and forth.Overall, I prefer the shark reef over the secret garden but this place is still worth at least one visit.
3	It was just ok, all of the lions were asleep with their backs turned, so i dont feel I can give a true review
2	Not really worth $15.00 but it's a cute little place. If you're in Vegas with your kids, I would go- if not, ehhh you're not missing anything. The Dolphins are the best part.Other then that, they have 2 lions and 2 tigers and that's IT. If you're a dolphin lover - I recommend it, I had noooo clue they had dolphins and the pool that they're in is beautiful. They were so cute!
4	NOTE: IF YOU PLAY THE MYVEGAS GAME ON FB/IPHONE AND GET 19,000 POINTS, YOU CAN GET A FREE TICKET TO THIS. YEP, A FREE TICKET. NOT A BUY ONE GET ONE. ALSO, RIGHT NOW SINCE THEY'RE DOING RENOVATIONS, TICKETS ARE REDUCED TO $15.00 INSTEAD OF THE USUAL $20/$25.This is a great attraction for kids. There's a separate dolphin and tiger stores. The animals are beautiful. My friend observed that all the cats are male. I wonder what's up with that? Maybe they don't want their cats to reproduce and spend more money. Who knows. But just a warning that the cats are usually sleeping during the day.The most HILARIOUS moment I had was when a kid with a VIP dolphin pass dropped her mother's cell phone into the dolphin pool and the dolphin started to eat it. The kid cried SO HARD I couldn't help but laugh. And of course, the animal trainer wasn't even paying attention LOLOL. See, Vegas has something funny for EVERYONE.
4	Cute place!  The trainers get out there with the dolphins every 30 minutes on the quarter and 3rd quarter of every hour.  Watched them do tricks and get some check ups done. The big cats were neat to watch. Beautiful grounds. Overpriced though. Wouldn't have gone in if it wasn't for a couple we met got us in for free.   It was under a lot of construction when we went so that was a draw back. Makes things more confined and the underwater walk through tank was closed.
5	This place was truly amazing. We went during the renovation but it was not disappointing. Up close and personal with 2 separate pools of dolphins was amazing. We got truly great pics. Then you go through the tent to the garden. There you will find white tigers, a leopard, and 2 gorgeous male lions!!!! There were 2 tigers tearing up the newly laid sod. That was a hoot!! It's great for families and adults. A must see if your in Vegas.
1	Very disappointed. The main tank is closed for renovation. They have two small tanks one with three dolphins and the other with four or five. The dolphins have lots of spots like some kind of skin condition. One was "sleeping" said the trainer. Very still and just was kinda floating at the top. The tank had lots of alge growing in it. It was just very sad. The tigers looked skinny. We went during the day and knew the tigers were not that active during the day and it's true. Not much action from the tigers. I would skip this attraction. It's very small with not a lot to see. We were there for about 30mins and left bummed out and felt bad for the animals.
4	The Mirage up holds it's name with this dolphin and exotic feline sanctuary in the middle of the strip.  They offer various unscheduled dolphin training throughout the day.  The trainers give informative commentary as the dolphins show off their intuitive knowledge and physical ability.  Back flips fast dives and waving (sometimes splashing) at the crowd.  A pair of their dolphins were actually born there.  Making them the first ever native Nevada dolphins born in captivity.  The facilities to hold these animals are immensely complicated systems that are designed well enough to make such breeding possible.  You can view them underwater also in an underground section. The felines include xenomorph examples of tigers and lions.  Such as white tigers and heterogeneous normal tigers that can breed all white litters. There are lions and panthers, leopards and cheetah.  At times the fabled Lygers (vote for Pedro) are present.  The enclosures are comfy and offer as much simulation as can be expected.  Sometimes they are awake.  The lions roar sounds like a twin turbo Gtr!  Worthwhile yet not an all day event.  Its good for the money while it lasts though.
3	Pros:- The dolphin pools had very active dolphins, especially when trainers worked with them.- Tables are beside the main dolphin pool to enjoy some food, drinks, and relax in the sun.- The big cats were cool to see. Although they were typical cats and just lying around, it was still entertaining.- The grounds were very well laid out and kept in good order.- Siegfried was around taking pictures with people and chatting. Cool if you're into that.Cons:- The cost for two adults and a child (non-resident) is around $55, which would be fine if it were a full day of entertainment. However, we were essentially done in an hour. For the amount of money you have to pay, it's just not worth it.Overall: A very pricey, but enjoyable place to see some animals in the middle of Las Vegas.
5	This place is great! I had a great experience and I would definitely visit again.We arrived shortly after they opened. The entrance was $19.99 a person which is not bad because we spent about an hour and a half here.The trainers are very knowledgeable and they have feedings every half hour. The dolphins are always visible and seem to be having fun. The lion and tiger exhibition was excellent. Keep in mind these animals sleep a lot. 15-18 hours a day so stay patient. I was able to see all the lions, white tigers, and jaguar in action. To sum the review, I would highly recommend this if you wanna get a away from the slot machines and the chaos from the strip.
1	On the outside, this place looks wonderful. Tropical, heavily landscaped with nice friendly people. What most people aren't aware of is that the dolphin habitat has a 60% dolphin death rate. Why?? Mostly because sub tropical animals don't do well in the middle of the desert yet alone, on the Las Vegas strip. This facility owns 10 bottlenose dolphins that if you look closely, show extreme signs of stress. Floating listless at the surface. Making repetitive methodical laps around the pools. Waiting by the gates. Some even chewing the gates. No shade to escape the scorching sun. This facility is in violation of the Animal Welfare Act concerning shade which they do not offer for the four dolphins kept in the rear pool from 11am to 5pm. Some of these dolphins have a skin condition called poxvirus which would normally clear up if wasn't for extreme stress endured by this situation. Please reconsider giving The Mirage any money and supporting this lack of care. There is plenty of educational material found on why dolphins don't do well on captivity. Take a look for yourself and educate yourself. Highly social and intelligent creatures that require the stimulation of the wild do not belong in small chlorinated pools being fed dead fish to do tricks. It's not ethical. If you don't believe it, I challenge you to see for yourself or follow www.facebook.com/lasvegasdolphins for more information.
1	The desert is not a place for dolphins.  They do not have shade, they cannot dive deeply, the water is clear unlike the ocean that would protect them from the sun.  Be informed about the deaths of these poor animals.  The Mirage has lost of 12 of 18 dolphins since it first opened its marine mammal exhibit in 1990 -- a 70% mortality rate.  Do you really want to pay to see animals in captivity who are left out in the hot sun all day?  Go see them in the wild where they are free, not trapped in a concrete tank getting sunburned.This is not entertainment.  It is just sad.
2	Took my kids (8 & 10) while looking for family fun in the city of sin.  Ended up a bit unsure how to rate it.  We went close to opening, around 11:30 AM and this turned out to be a good idea because we avoided both the heat and the long, sweaty line of tourists cooking (and stinking) in it as we left.When you walk in you're first presented with a dolphin "habitat" that's smaller than the human pools next door.  Our excitement at seeing dolphins was quelled a bit by the fact the poor creatures seemed cramped and unhappy.  Now, I don't speak dolphin but it doesn't take a marine biologist to see the area is too small for the number of dolphins doing half hearted tricks for a bit of leftover fish from the buffet.  I've seen better "habitats" at Mexican dolphin attractions, and that's not saying much.Next your sweaty adventure moves into a photo room where they can green screen their way into your pocket.  I actually saw some Asian tourists buy their photos so at least the depressed photo girls' efforts weren't completely wasted.You're now in the "garden" area where Siegfried & Roy have been generous enough to pull their best magic yet:  getting suckers like me to pay $70 for 45 minutes of viewing depressed animals.  The lions were sleeping and looked (to my untrained eye) to be underfed.  The black leopard was high up on a ledge..  also sound asleep.  Can't blame him, though, as his enclosure was very small and uninspiring.  We got to see one white tiger walking around, and the kids really enjoyed that.  The highlight, however, were the white tiger cubs who were playing actively with a prison, er, *cough* exhibit employee.  They were really cool and the kids loved them.  Unfortunately so did all the other photo hungry visitors who crowded rudely in front of the children to fill their iPads (yes, iPads for crying out loud) with pics and vids.It was then time for the obligatory gift shop. Those darn cubs got my kids excited and cost me another $75 for two stuffed animals.  Yes, I'm that idiot dad.Overall, it was nice to see the animals with my family but if you've ever been to a zoo or real exhibit, this place is a serious waste of cash. If you're in Vegas with kids and needing to kill an hour or so, it's not terrible, but if you're an animal lover it's hard to shake a depressing feeling from the place.
5	So very pleased this place exists. It was quit joyous watching the lions and tigers (Don't get too close to the males tho, they want to spray you) Also the cast members were very knowledgeable and friendly. We were there close to closing time so it was empty. We pretty much got our own private tour. The gift shop at the end also has great tiger souvenirs. :)
3	$20 per person ehhhh I would never come again, if it was $10 yes but $20 too much.  Beautiful cute and fun Dolphins, awesome tigers and leopards but that's pretty much it.  They do have a family room for your child to color and a gift shop however I felt this place was a waste of time.  We were here for 30mins and left, I say skip!
4	We met Siegfried! As soon as we entered a crowd was starting to form around the former star and we got a picture with him. The lions and tigers were mostly asleep, but a few were awake and walking around. They are all beautiful and majestic, but we couldn't help but notice that one was wounded and visibly distressed. He was pacing back and forth and had a gash in its side. This was a bit worrisome.Roy was sitting in the White Lion cub enclosure along with some trainers. The cubs were adorable! Next was the dolphin habitat. They were feeding the dolphins when we got there, and had a short training display where some were jumping and flipping through the air. Very informal, but still impressive. There was an underwater viewing area where we could watch the dolphins frolic underwater and seemed to be attempting  whirlpool which was fun to watch. One had a ball and was "Dribbling: underwater. He had the ball in his mouth and would flick his head downward, tossing the ball down, then catch it in his mouth again when it floated back up.
3	I thought the entrance fee was too expensive, but ended up being worth it after witnessing a woman get sprayed by the tiger! LOL!!!!!!!!  Direct shot to the face! They should sell face shields and rain coats in the gift shop.
1	So very sad. I was very embarrassed that we even paid money to go in. The dolphins were crowded in small tanks. They were clearly unhappy and bored. They were covered in scrapes and were showing signs of distress. The tanks had no reprieve from the sun and were shallow. Captivity certainly isn't where dolphins belong however I have seen several impressive captive habitats and this is not one of them. The big cats were also in small cages and were lazy. I'm not sure if this is their nature or because of their environment. Overall very sad and exploitive.
1	They keep dolphins here and are cruel to them. I have been there and seen how they are treated. Also watch the COVE and Blackfish as captive dolphins come from places like Japan where they are either slaughtered or captured to be SEA SLAVES for our entertainment. Where is the humanity?????Do not give this business your money if you love animals.
5	On my most recent stay at the Mirage I decided to finally check out the Tiger and Dolphin Habitat. The animals appeared well cared for and the place was clean. As my friend and I walked through to see the tigers we  came upon Siegfried visiting the cats. He was so warm and friendly. He spoke with us about the individual tigers and even took pictures with us. I can't say I was around for the Vegas heyday,  but I have talked Tiger with Siegfried!
3	Not exactly sure why the Secret Garden and the Dolphin Habitat are listed separately on Yelp since one admission price gets you into both.  So here's my comments on the Secret Garden side.  1.  It's expensive.  I asked at the ticket counter for a military discount or local discount (yes, I qualify).  Nope.  So $69 for 2 adults and 2 children.  The Secret Garden is small.  It's not the amount of tigers and lions - it's the size of their habitats.  No home was large enough for any of the animals to engage in a sprint.  It could have been the 90+ temperatures, or not, but in the middle of the afternoon all the animals were sloth-like.  I started to feel kind of bad for them.  But then Siegfried was there!  And I asked him to take a picture with my kids, and he obliged.  If it wasn't him, it was the best impersonator ever, complete with German accent (I'm sure it was actually him).  I'll talk about the Dolphins in a separate review.  Bottom line - cool, but no value.
3	The land animal part of the zoo was about half the size i expected. The first thing we saw when walking in was 2 lions which were fast asleep and sleeping the whole time. We round the corner and what do you know, Sigfried is there chatting with some people! Very cool.The 2 white Tigers were much more active, the trainers were in the cage playing with them. After they left the tigers were playing with the huge toy palls. It was interesting overall, but overpriced for sure. My review on the dolphin cove is separate. Here on 10/02/2014
5	Highly recommend coming here! My husband and I came here on my birthday around noon and spent about 2 hours enjoying the place. We were lucky to get there when there weren't a whole lot of people yet and the trainers were able to spend 1:1 time with us to answer questions. SIEGFRIED WAS THERE - he was so gracious to all the guests and since it was my birthday we were able to get a photo op! Bonus: he gave me my own stuffed white lion. The baby lions Cubs are super cute and  very playful. I know there were low reviews on the space--but honestly, being from Orlando, FL, the pool space for the dolphins is just as big as other conservation centers like Sea World. Same with the cages for the lions & tigers. For $20 this is totally worth the time and money.
5	The most family and animal friendly place in the whole city of Las Vegas.  The Dolphins and big cats are so so super cute, especially the three while lion cubs, which are adorably naughty and active.  Wish I could hug them.
5	This place was awesome! We went one hour before closing time and it was plenty of time to see the animals. Our first stop was the Dolphins they were amazing they even did a little performance so cute!. They have an under water viewing area also so you can interact with them. After the Dolphins we then moved on to the secret garden it was great. The animals where very active and awake. They r also at a pretty close range so you can get good pictures. This place exceeded my expectations. I will be returning next time am in Vegas.
4	Who would have known that even the animals in Vegas are amazing entertainers and enjoy the perks of living where they work. :)We decided to do something out of the ordinary while in Vegas for a short weekend. We've already grubbed enough and since we don't gamble and/or go clubbing very often what else is there to do besides take selfies at every casino and hotel?We bought tickets to see Siegfried & Roy's Secret Garden and Dolphin Habitat. It was definitely a beautiful afternoon to check out some lazy and sweet animals you wouldn't normally see on a day-to-day basis. The white lion cubs were beyond adorable. I liked how they interact with the lion trainers there. So sweet! I wanted one for myself after watching them cuddle up and play.I really really wanted to wake up the big ole lazy King of the Jungle but he was dead asleep on a branch. I caught him and others on my YouTube vlog here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qTRkO0AT9sE&list=UU5YaBtOxOYqeFEEQ_aW6JiAAs we were leaving the Secret Garden, we walked over to watch the dolphin training show which was very entertaining too. This is a great place to take family and kids if you're vacationing in Vegas.
5	Very nice place to visit.  The animals are pretty.  The staff walking around were very helpful and answered questions.
3	Siegfrid & Roy's Secret Garden is part tof the admission at the Mirage's Dolphin Habitat (which I have reviewed separately).  It was not until I read another review, that I recalled that when the Secret Garden first opened, it was inside, probably allowing for a much nicer climate for these animals!  Between the two, I enjoyed the Secret Garden more than the Dolphin Habitat.  The area was lushly landscaped and pretty.  It took a little loinger for us to traverse, although it is still pretty small, holding about 6 different feline species including lions, regular tigers, white tigers, leopards.  The cats were impressive to see, but not very entertaining.  Most of the time they were sleeping.  Honestly, my 11 year old was more entertained by several mice that were running in and out of the cages.  I have to admit I got a kick out of seeing Sigfried in person!  I remember when Siegfried and Roy was a top ticket in Vegas and they seemed to be on every variety show on television.  Siegfried was very gracious and posed in every picture, clearly enjoying himself as much as the fans who remembered him.  What I found sad was that in his namesake "zoo",  the line for pictures and autographs was often quite sparse.  At times there was no line at all and the once famous Sigfried would wander around, unrecognized, almost like a ghost.Admission to both the Secret Garden and Dolphin Habitat was $69 for 2 adults and 2 children.  Although I did enjoy the Secret Garden more than Dolphin Habitat (hence the extra star), I found both places to be a bit sad and not worth the hefty price tag, even for Vegas standards.
5	I bought the VIP package and boy, was it good. You are limited to a party no more then 5 people (including kids) and they are strict on that. We arrived before our 11am tour time and was able to walk around and see. At exactly 11:00, our tour guide came and got us. We were combined with another group of 5. Not sure if that is the norm, but it wasn't a problem. The tour itself was very insightful. We picked her brain and she had great answers to our questions. Very educational for the kids. Here are my thoughts. - you see everything the reg admission gets to see but a ton more including behind the scene things (ie prep kitchen for animals, medical facility, under water research room, etc.) - I thought the picture and feeding opportunity was worth the price itself. The kids loved the opportunity to get close to the dolphin and touch it. They also enjoyed feeding them. - the length of the tour , 1 hr 15 min was perfect. The kids did not lose their attention span. - the guide was patient with us and all of our questions. - they gave us 5 pics in a paper frame that made for a nice souvenir. All in all, we were very glad to see this exhibit via the VIP tour. Would recommend it for families with kids.
5	Great way to spend the afternoon for a family or just if you're an animal lover. With the ticket you get to see the dolphins and lions. It's not really a dolphin show but the trainers do some tricks with the dolphins and you're really close to the dolphins and can almost touch them...definitely the closetest you can get to them without being in the water, so it's great. The lions are in separate section and there are 2 older white lions, some baby lions (8months), a tiger and leopard. The cubs and full grown lions were my favorite and you're pretty close to them and can really observe them.
2	$20.00 per person to walk around and look at the tigers for 20 minutes. It's what I have come to expect from Vegas where everything is a huge rip off...
2	I can't believe they charge for this.  My kids loved it, but they're not writing the review.  The 2 stars are for the dolphins which were very active and fun to watch.  The tigers and lions were asleep for our visit.  A trainer tried to entice activity by throwing it food, but the animals didn't give a shit.  The worst part was a green screen room where the employees (who I know are doing their jobs) are trying to be Annie Liebowitz and having people who are not going to buy these shitty comped images stand and take many, many pics and waste the time of people who want to go.  I cut through only to have a bitch of an employee tell me that she was "In the middle of a shoot."  For real?  I said, "I'm in the middle of my vacation."  Fuck her and fuck the $50 I spent to get in.  WASTE OF TIME!!
