3	I have been to a couple of wedding chapels in vegas. I wasn't expecting this one to be as nice as it was. It was very clean, simple and professional looking in the inside. The reception/waiting area was nice and had simple decor. The upstairs section was nicely decorated as well. I do have to complain about not being allowed to take photos inside the chapel. That really really sucked big time. The preacher lady wasn't all that good, she forgot her lines at one point... ya. But over all my friend and her hubby were lovely and I guess this place did its job.
4	When my wife and decided to tie the knot last year it was a very easy decision to do it in Vegas. Weddings aren't cheap and we love Vegas!We looked online at just about every chapel in Vegas and finally setted on the Vegas Wedding Chapel. Their packages were about the best for what you get. Plus it included a free limo tour of Vegas :)90% of our family weren't able to come (and wouldn't have been able to come to a wedding in Colorado, either), so we wanted a chapel that would do the internet broadcast and that worked excellently.the only caveat I have with them is that you definitely get the upsell on getting the pictures. And when you're in the euphoria like we were you end up buying the whole package. Their photographer was not that great, either, and since they don't allow you to bring in your own camera that's definitely a downer.Overall it was a very good experience!
4	I went to the chapel and I went and got married :) When my husband and I chose to get married last year we contemplated how do we get a small wedding with not too big of a price tag. The answer was Vegas baby!!  No Elvises or theme weddings here.  Just a beautiful, classic chapel with an altar and pews.  Not to mention it is completely wired for with web cams for your family and friends at home to view!  A huge plus!  People loved the fact they could share our day from the comfort of their own home and we loved that we got a simple wedding with a relatively small price tag.  I can't say they spend a ton of time with you, but they are helpful and they have a package to fit whatever need you have (they'll get you an Elvis if you really want one).  They also come and pick you up at the hotel in a limo - which is a must since it is locate near the courthouse and not on the Strip (where we were staying).  They don't include pictures (or many pictures) in their packages and that seems to be a pricey add on (which is pretty standard for Vegas Chapels as far as we could tell).  We ended up get all our pix on a DVD.  And while we had a hundred or so to pick from (for a few hundred dollars), I can't say I was blown away with the quality.  I mean they take 15 minutes to snap as many staged shots as they can and they don't really take the time to light you and they don't do touch-ups - so you get posed snapshots.  I would have gotten a real photographer in hindsight, but I just got a company to do some retouching on the few that were good and problem solved!  I would give them 3.5-4 Stars - leaning towards the 4 since they were a friendly & helpful bunch!  Tip: Check out the live wedding cams on their site to get a feel for how they do their ceremonies.
3	From a guest point of view,  we would say Vegas Weddings was as good as you could expect.  They were timely, organized, and extremely efficient when it came to marrying our good friends.  The staff was courteous and accommodating to everyone taking on the event.  The Bride and Groom were married and said, "I do" without a hitch.With that being said, there were just a few things we thought could have been addressed.  The biggest one was the strict "no pictures inside the building" rule that really confused us.  Coming from a family of photographers, it was extreme for them not allowing friends and family to take pictures at any time before, during, or after the ceremony.  Now we understand that selling photo packages is part of the business at a wedding chapel but you would think that their talented photographer would have great photos that can sell themselves. Our point and shoot cameras wouldn't even compare to their photos.  We think that allowing an eager parent to take pictures of there son or daughter should be expected and respected.The other little hiccup was when the Chaplin couldn't pronounce the bride's name correctly during the ceremony.  Although we have to admit it looks tough on paper, he still should have double checked with the bride :)Overall the experience we had at Vegas weddings was a good one. Aside from the no pictures rule.
4	We had our wedding with Vegas Wedding's in November 2010. We had a full ceremony and reception with over 20 guests and it was great. We had originally planned to have our ceremony on the Terrace but upon viewing it the day before the wedding decided it wasn't what I had hoped for and didn't want my guests to sit through a windy ceremony. We opted for the chapel and everything turned out beautiful. The reception was gorgeous and had all the elements of a traditional wedding. We had the dances, the speeches, throwing of the bouquet and garter and a wonderful meal. The buffet style meal was wonderful and in fact was above and beyond what I had expected. The guests all still rave about how good the food was! The cake was delightful and the staff spared nothing to make us happy. I was a little disappointed that it cost us an additional 700 dollars to have our photos on a disc. We paid it as we wanted all our photos. We were in contact with Vegas weddings for about 6 months prior to our wedding day as we planned the whole thing via phone and Internet as we live in BC Canada. The staff was always quick to return calls and emails. I would highly recommend Vegas weddings to anyone planning a Vegas wedding!
5	My fiance and I had planned to get married in Hawaii but then money got a little tight so we decided to get married in Vegas and have fun. I looked around and saw the Tahiti Village package on Vegas Wedding's website and knew I would choose this chapel. I always thought the whole Elvis in a chapel thing was kinda tacky for my tastes. (But you better believe I found him on the strip later and took a picture!) They were very courteous on the phone and email and when we finally got to the location they were friendly and professional. My wedding came out exactly how I wanted it: Simple, tropical and fun. I used their hair/makeup option and the lady was very nice and did an amazing job on me. (I've never been good with that stuff) Elaine came to our hotel room and even helped me with my heavy dress since nobody else was around. I also have a large surgical scar on my arm and she covered it up so you couldn't see it in any of the pictures.I read some of the reviews for the photography so I had already hired another photographer for when we left the ceremony. When we came back to choose the pics that the chapel took during the ceremony we were blown away how beautiful they came out. I guess the light in the resort maybe gave better pictures? We ended up buying the whole bunch and now have tons of pictures of our day. Who needs Hawaii when I can have a shorter flight, cheaper and less jet lag? :)
1	As beautiful and professional as this place was, we had to be over backwards to get the things we wanted for the ceremony. They do not make an effort to help make your wedding details perfect. For the price you pay for a wedding, I would expect the bitchy staff to make a little more effort. We waited in the lobby for a long time, they were not timely. The ceremony lasted all of 30 minutes and as soon as we were done they came out bothering us to spend 600 dollars on photos that I could have taken myself. They DO NOT show any information about the additional photos to be purchased, so when you get to that point your like a chicken with your head cut off trying to find 600 dollars. POOR SERVICE. You pay for 12 photo prints that they don't give you. TERRIBLE AND RUDE. Stay away!
5	I've never been to a theme wedding so I have nothing to base this review on, but I will say that my cousin got married there and it was incredibly entertaining.  As soon as I stepped in the door I had a huge grin on my face so much that my brother asked if I was drunk, I wasn't yet, but Elvis was fun and kept the ceremony from getting stale for even a mili-second.  I hope someone that I know gets married there again so I can have as much fun as I did the first time.Ahhh Thank ya, Ah Thank you Very Much
5	Our daughter got married in January 2011 at Vegas Weddings.  This was a destination wedding that required a lot of details being handled via phone, live chat and e-mail.  Vegas Weddings is up for the challenge.  They know their business and they did an awesome job helping me plan this long distance wedding.  Arleen Astala and Linda Freeman were my contacts via e-mail, as mother of the bride you can imagine I was very anxious about planning a destination wedding with 55 guests. Arleen and Linda were happy to deal with me via phone or e-mail it was as if they were sitting there waiting for me to call, my very own personal wedding planners.   I cannot express in words of how incredible their talents for weeding plans are.  Every frantic email I shot off to her was returned with step by step answers to my questions always in a very professional and comforting manner.When we arrived the day before the wedding we walked through the entire event daughter (bride) and mother crying the entire time.  It was so beautiful, the dining room was already set up for us the chapel was wonderful, the building is beautiful and does look like a chapel.We chose the Intrigue Package we upgraded the picture package and we added the Pampered Bride series.The day of the wedding, started with the Pampered Bride package that was a gift to our daughter I highly recommend this, our daughter is beautiful anyway, the Pampered Bride accentuated her beauty.The limo arrived an hour before the wedding to take us to the chapel the mood in the chapel was calming, there were other couples there getting ready to get married or just finished their vows but it wasn't hectic or chaotic. The minister was knowledgeable of a religious aspect we wanted in the ceremony and was able to integrate the double lasso Rosary that was used for my husband and I 23 years earlier.  I'm sure this same minister does not do all the weddings but it was as if she was hand-picked for us.The reception and food was great, with a destination wedding our daughter was concerned that she would not get that dance with her father.  Vegas Weddings provided us the means to get our music incorporated in the wedding.  In fact we had father/daughter, mother/son, and bride/groom dances.Photography, don't skimp on this you'll want every single picture they take.  So many pictures, from the minute we got out of the limo.  I felt like I was on the red carpet and I was just the mother of the bride. They took pictures in the chapel with all the guests, at the reception, cutting of the cake, the dances in front of the Vegas Weddings sign.  They had pictures with special effects, the couple in black & white and the roses in pink beautiful.If you go anywhere else in Vegas to get married, you'll be missing the best one!Lorrie Black, Albuquerque, NM
5	My husband and I are Las Vegas Residents who chose this chapel over the multitude of chapels Vegas offers. We ultimately chose this one because of its professional and friendly staff, the traditional aesthetic in the main chapel and for the fact that it offers a live video feed for those loved ones that could not make it to the ceremony.The staff was very flexible with the wedding plans and allowed us to incorporate live music into the ceremony. We used the grand piano in the main chapel and it sounded great, as it is tuned regularly. The photographer was brilliant, I really could not of hoped for better pictures. My favorite part of the ceremony was the minister who made a sentimental speech about marriage- words we have learned to live by.  It has been a little over a year since my husband and I tied the knot at Vegas Weddings, and we will always look back on our wedding day as flawless and stress free, thanks to the dedicated staff at this Chapel. Based on our positive experience, I would recommend this chapel to anyone.
5	My Husband and I were wed on July 24th 2010 at Vegas Weddings and it was Perefect!! What I enjoyed most was of course my Wedding!! But other than that, I love working with Robyne.  She helped me EVERY step of the way.  She took all of the normal stress of planning a wedding off of my shoulders and made sure that I knew that my day would be perfect..Or in my case, Night! She was polite, patient and caring.  I so thankful for Robyne and for such a wonderful place like Vegas Weddings.  I will and already have, highly recommend this chapel to others!! Thank you for such a wonderful experience!!
5	This is a beautiful place and the packages available will fit ANY budget. It was especially helpful that the limo picked us up and following, took us to our restaurant and dropped us off for dinner. The staff is knowledgeable  and holds your hand as the couple moves through the ceremony etc. Nice folks...nice place...excellent experience!!
1	I went there last weekend. I wish I went to another Chapel if I have a second chance. The service is terrible. The service people keep find ways to ask for money like $40 for a photo and $80 for a CD with 2 additional photos. They wasted us a lot of time on doing that. My friends are so upset about it and the people in the office looks like they are doing this all the time!!! The place itself is beautiful and nice. But the people dont care about your wedding at all and all their care is how to get your money out of your pocket!!!
4	My husband I were married here the day after St Patricks Day! The staff was amazing! Very friendly and knowledgable. I was very please with the outcome. I must admit I thought it would be a cheesy wedding, Vegas and all, but I was totally in shock when I found out how beautiful the chapel is. I loved it here and I would renew my vows here!
3	As Trang H said, "From a guest point of view,  we would say Vegas Weddings was as good as you could expect." We drove in from L.A. to attend my Uncle's wedding at this chapel, and from what we experienced, the staff seemed fine, and the ceremony went off without a hitch. My uncle was handsome of course, and his bride looked beautiful, but the only thing that bugged me was the "officiator." I know, it's a job, but can you do it with a little more pizazz? Sure, you say the same thing over and over, day after day, hour after hour, but I didn't like the fact that it seemed fake, uttering a memorized script without any feeling or care. The chapel was beautiful, but the passion was lacking. It's like going to a restaurant and ordering food and having the worker not give a darn about it and slop it on a plate and send it out looking like crap....this is your product, and you should do it with pride.
3	i got married here 4 years ago. it was ok.  no personal camera are allowed to usephotos from professional photographer are very expensive! since it is vegas, it was short and sweet
5	My wedding this month was awesome. My pictures are amazing. I am in love with this place called Vegas!!...i would get married over/over again right here.  I am the new Mrs. Wagstaff....i am a Marine wife...
4	We just got married on the Terrace October 7, 2012! The venue was beautiful! Staff was also very helpful and pleasant, but my family had a hard time not taking their own pictures of us (not permitted inside). The photos are very pricey, but they deffinitely look proffessional! We decided to buy the CD and they even gave us a discount to help us out with funds. The ceremony went very well, and we received details we asked for in the ceremony. We did have a surprise fee of $35 for them to mail our legal certificate, but in all we really enjoyed the services. Thank you !!
5	Everything about our ceremony was well planned and beautiful. The staff was well informed and very nice. They put us totally at ease. Our minister performed a service that was better than we could have imagined and brought tears to our eyes. Afterward, our photo session produced fantastic pictures and Shelly Powers was incredibly helpful while we made our selections. I would recommend Vegas Weddings to anyone considering getting married in Las Vegas. We did weeks of research beforehand and we definitely made the right choice.
5	Being the spontaneous girl that I am, I planned my wedding here the day before. Despite this being a last minute wedding, I was pleasantly surprised to see how helpful and kind the staff is here. Since I am local, it was an extremely convenient location. I had many options, but had been told by a friend that this place was nice. Next, I felt that the location (The Terrace at the Chapel) was actually presentable and looked nice in the photographs. The area was clean and well kept.The wedding planner (Cesar) was prompt in responding to questions, and made the booking an easy event. I chose the Ignite ceremony on a Saturday.The reverend was kind, and the service was nice - even though we couldn't light unity candles due to wind. (Which I did not really feel). The photographer was really nice, and he made me laugh. I hate being in photographs, but some of the photos were good, and so we bought the package. I do not regret that I did.I even returned the Monday after to pick up my paperwork, and the staff continued being nice,  even thought they already had my money. All in all, I couldn't have asked for anything better in such a short period of time. I totally recommend this place for anyone who wants a Vegas wedding!
5	This place is great! The staff is professional and super sweet. I got more than I paid for and we were given the royal treatment w/o having to spend a fortune.
2	First thing is first, Marsha is wonderful!!!  My husband and I booked our wedding with Marsha in April and the venue that we picked, Hawaiian Gardens, hadn't even been started yet.  Because of this, Marsha did a cut in price and did not make me pick the area at the venue that I wanted until the day before my wedding.  The problem was and still remains to be the photographer used.  I cannot for the life of me remember his name.  He was extremely rushed as he had another engagement to get to.  We purchased the full photo package for around $700 and I got an hour with the photographer and copy rights to the photos taken.  The problems are as follows:1. All the group shots are blurry;2. There are NO pictures of the bride, groom and daughter;3. The ONE picture of me (the bride) with my family has chairs in it and are not nearly as good as the many pictures taken with the grooms family, not to mention that it's a tad blurry;4. Many of the pictures are so dark that I myself have to edit them;5. The photos taken with the groom's family that included my daughter, my 13 year old daughter is standing with her legs open.  I feel that if the photographer was not so rushed, he would've noticed this;6. There is one picture of the grooms family with just his mother and brother, and my eyes are closed;7. My mother specifically asked for a picture of her and I kissing and what I got included before and after the kiss; and8.  There is an electrical panel on the wall that is open and ruins every one of the pictures of people, including me, walking down the aisle.I believe that it's the photographer's responsibility to pay attention to detail and I further believe that if he hadn't been so rushed, I would've gotten the photos I wanted and they would've been better.  It hurts my heart everyday that there are no pictures of me, my husband and our daughter, NONE.  :( Granted I should've been more aware, but really?  I'm the bride and completely out of it at the time of the pictures. At this time, nothing has been done about making it right.  I've been told that there are some "canvas" pictures on the way but I've yet to receive them.  I definitely did not get my money's worth and am extremely disappointed.
2	Don't come here they steal money they force you to pay their pictures that a suposedly photographer takes and give you a ridiculous price and their packages watch out it says pick 25"ceremony" dont fall for that they don't count the pictures after the ceremony and it's only walking down the aisle that's the ceremony I'm still so mad at this place.
5	My husband and I got married here in September and had an amazing experience.  The staff was awesome and helpful. We wanted quick but sweet and were able to get married outside (everything we wanted to do). I wouldn't have changed our day one bit. Our package was very affordable and I loved how they were able to send us our marriage certificate so fast. We can't wait to go back and renew our vows.
5	First off, let me tell you that I have NO IDEA why anybody wouldn't rate this chapel at 5 stars.....I'm reading the bad reviews and most of them don't really have a leg to stand on when making these complaints. When you spend $200 on the cheapest package and expect them to cater to you at every waking moment, shower you with gifts and pictures, and then provide full transportation to and from you are going to be in for a treat. There, with that said, my experience -My wife and I got married there on November 20, 2012. We flew in from Michigan and included the wedding into our Vegas vacation with my cousin and his wife - it was just us four! I looked over the packages and tried to come up with a good package that was reasonably priced that would include everything we wanted (photos and video were the most important) and after all that looking, we decided to say screw it and get the best package they had - the Indulge package. With this package you get ALL the photos the photographer takes with full copyrights, a videographer, two limos so you don't see your bride, and just a TON of extras to go with it. Granted, not everybody who is going to get married in Vegas is going to spend the money we did (after tips, fees, taxes it was around $3,000 total) but we definitely got a LOT for what we paid - considering if we went small and traditional back home it would still total around $10,000+ depending on what we did.ARRIVAL - We all got to Vegas and I did what I was told to do and called all the the contacts I needed to to let them know which hotel and room number we were in. At that time, it was all confirmed on the time the limos would be picking us up and all that stuff! We were picked up to get the marriage license and then go to the chapel for a tour and a last minute talk. Everything was SO stress-free and I can't imagine not having the "perks" that the Indulge package gave us! The chapel was beautiful, and the employees were incredible. I REALLY REALLY wish I would've remembered the name of the girl that took over my initial wedding planner's duties, because she was AWESOME! She went over everything from start to finish and really relieved my bride's stress (as I was the one to set everything up so far haha). There were NO hidden costs, NO hidden fees, NO "stealing of your money" like some of these reviews say, NOTHING! Everything was cut and dry and all that was left was to get it done in a couple days!THE BIG DAY - From the limo drivers, to the staff, to the minister, I couldn't have asked for my friendly people. The limo drivers chatted it up with you and didn't leave out one detail - you knew EXACTLY what was going on at all times, and never wondered for a second "where are we going" or "what do we do now". Other people's reviews about "having to tip everybody" is ridiculous.....this is VEGAS - you tip EVERYBODY, and I was VERY happy to do so with the drivers. The people at Vegas Weddings really held "tradition" to heart as well as everything they planned was smooth and kept me from seeing my bride before she walked down (one thing she DEFINITELY wanted). My bride and I were both nervous as HELL lol we were good up until the point when we got to the chapel haha the live webcam for our family and friends to view at home was AWESOME - we got so many Facebook posts and texts from everybody, one friend said it felt like the "Royal Wedding of 2012!" - we felt like celebs! We got married on The Terrace, and it was amazing! We got to choose our own songs for the ceremony, the minister was witty and accommodating (given I wasn't paying attention when he told me to repeat after him, I replied "oh wait what?" HAHA) You seriously don't have to worry about a SINGLE THING at this chapel, and EVERYTHING was taken care of!AFTERWARD - The package also included a photo shoot at one location on the strip. We chose the Venetian to do this, as we wanted to get away from the usual Caesar's or Bellagio that we see so many pictures of. I CANNOT STRESS ENOUGH HOW GREAT OF A PHOTOGRAPHER WE GOT!!!! Her name was "Via" and she was SO creative, so got two "stiffs" to make some AMAZING photos! haha like I said, we were very nervous! We got all the photos she took included in our package.....and there were 700 of them!!!! She even took some of the better originals and added some effects that she had in mind and included those as well!!! Videographer Holly was a sweetheart too, she must have been laughing at us and how stupid we must have sounded haha! A++++I'm running out of characters so I have to summarize! I do not understand why anybody would want to get married anywhere else! Granted, I did get the best package they had, but people you have to understand this is VEGAS and they are a BUSINESS! "cheap", "wedding", and "everything" don't all go in the same sentence. You are marrying the love of your life, don't complain about buying extras. They are here to make money and make you happy! Definitely would recommend!!!
1	I'm only adding an update because I called to complain about my whole situation and they sent me a canvas with 3 pictures and said they would send a cd with pictures and a lady asked for me to think about taking off my yelp review and I thought about it and the more I think about my wedding experience that day besides the shocker for paying for pictures the more and more mad I get from the limo picking us up late from the wedding starting late from the girl who said she was my planner who looked not excited at all, and the photographer taking rushed photos didn't explain that I should take good pictures because maybe I would want them all nothing and the limo being late again to take us back so sad with my wedding day.
5	Vegas Weddings was WONDERFUL!  From the Limo to the venue, the AWESOME Elvis who walked me down the aisle, to the minister for renewing our vows......ALL AROUND great time with lovely people!
1	My husband and I decided to renew our vows at 15 years of marriage.  We thought it would be great to go back to Vegas since that's were we married the first time.  The wedding planner was very helpful and answered all my questions. So when the big day arrived (12-26-12) I was very excited and thinking everything was going to be perfect. Well I was wrong.  First off the  limo driver was 45 mins late.  He was very nice and helpful but because he was late it put everything behind schedule. Then we get to the garden wedding chapel and I find out my bouquet wasn't made right and they couldn't fix it. Plus the place is very run down and the floors were dirty. Because of that my dress went from white to black on the bottom.  The ceremony it self was nice.  The minister did a nice job. So after the ceremony we go to pick out the pictures and the lady tells us if we want to purchase any add-on pictures it's 40 dollars for one picture or all of them for 500 hundred dollars. Plus the pictures weren't all that great. I could of thrown half of them in the trash.  So the lady says she'll give me a discount.  She said she'll charge 400 hundred plus the 19.1 percent sales tax. So I agree only because my husband and I didn't have pictures of our first wedding. Well not professional ones. So after dealing with pictures, we wait in the lobby for the pictures to be done. Our waiting turned into an hour before they tell us that there's a problem with the computer and they can't do the pictures. They said the limo driver will take us to the main chapel to pick up our pictures. Mind you that we already waited an hour and our guests are all waiting for us too so everyone could enjoy dinner.  So we go to the main chapel and wait in the limo for about 5 mins and someone comes out and says they can't figure out the problem and we will deliver the pictures to your hotel room sometime tonight or before noon tomorrow.  Needless to say we weren't pleased at all.  After all that the limo driver takes us back to the hotel and we try to salvage our dinner plans.  After dinner and we get back to the hotel, my husband checks to see if the pictures have arrived and thankfully they did.  So my husband checks the pictures and they seem to be fine.  My husband checks the video and there's no sound. So my husband calls the next morning and they said that they will tell the photo department and get back to us.  We tell them this needs to be fixed because the next day we are leaving. They said they will fix it asap.  Well I guess they don't know what asap means cause we had to keep calling them all day before they finally said they will deliver the new video to the hotel.  We finally received the video at 9pm.  My husband checked the video and they still didn't correct it fully.  Thankfully my husband is knowledge in computers and was able to figure out the video so it will work correctly.  Please do not go here.  The people are nice but their service is not ever close to being hassle- free.
4	This was a perfect, intimate, meaningful yet quintessentially  Las Vegas vow renewal ceremony - drive through, in a red convertible: just me and my honey. I made the reservation barely 2 days ahead, and everything fell into place perfectly. The staff was very pleasant, friendly, courteous.  We had numerous photos taken by the staff shutterbug, to select our preferences at a later point. The bouquet & buttoner they presented were perfect, fresh and "perky", stored in a fridge until we arrived late in the evening. We wanted strictly a civil approach, and the justice of the peace did a fantastic job honoring our request, and simultaneously making it quite personal for us, who decided to do the quirky renewal after 21 years, while in Vegas on business. Whether you take time to plan an elaborate off-site ceremony, or do the drive through in the "tunnel of love", this team will respond to all your needs and make it memorable and meaningful to you both.
5	We're married!!! yay! Anyway, on to my review...I was super impressed with my experience at Vegas Weddings. Marcy was our coordinator and she was super sweet and very organized. We did a Valley of Fire wedding it was magical! Becky took our photos and she was great to work with. Thanks to Bob we got to our wedding without a hitch, even had water and snacks in the limo. Thanks so much you guys.
5	Really great place to get married. It was fast (but not too fast), classy (but not snobby fancy) and the photographer was amazing. Get ready to spend a little dough on the pictures, but remember, you'll only get married once (we hope!) and the pictures preserve the memories and do it so well!Really awesome wedding chapel. Recommended.
5	BEST chapel to get married! We bought the enamor package due to our 65 guests. The wedding chapel was beautiful with the candlelit walkway and rose petals. The officiant made us laugh and did an all around great job. My wedding coordinator was awesome with sending emails back and forth to answer my questions. They were very accommodating with my suggestions on making my ceremony unique. We paid $499 for all our pictures to be on a cd which is not bad at all. We loved this place and our family really enjoyed themselves.
4	A beautiful, very welcoming place. Gave my friends a gorgeous wedding!
5	I could not have asked for a better experience.  After having paid for both of my daughter's wedding and all the stress that goes along with planning a wedding yourself, I decided that I would not have any stress for my wedding.  My husband and I found Vegas Weddings while getting our marriage license 4 months before we were to get married.  Only a few phone calls and the wedding planner handled everything.  We had 16 friends from all over the country join us and the staff were very attentive to everyone.  I had no intention of buying a bunch of pictures but after seeing the slide show of the shots they took and photoshopped, I was blown away...I bought the entire package.  I know how much I spent for photographers for my daughters' weddings and I feel it was a Bargain!!  Thanks to everyone for such a professional job in making my Wedding Day perfect!
5	We lived together ten years and I surprised her with a ring and a limo and a drive thru no frills wedding. VEGAS WEDDINGS handled us with care and professionalism. Very impressed that they went the extra mile even when we were not asking for anything special.
3	My brother got married here, it was actually the place I chose, as I had found it online.It's super cute on the inside. The lady who we dealt with on the phone was super nice and informative. I appreciate that I could chat with them online first and get all my questions answered. That was cool.The chapel is really nice. Some things are outrageously priced. $25 for fake rose petals -- wow. Come on, those are like $5-$8 at Wal mart. One thing I did not like was how mean they were when addressing our guests about no photos. During the ceremony I could understand (sort of ...still a bit weird) but standing out in the lobby no photos? Come on, that's ridiculous. And the way the girl addressed it, she was down right rude. This is a wedding and people come from all over the world to be here, and you are saying they can't take pictures of each other?? The groom and bride haven't even come down yet. I could understand because you want to sell photos to the bride and groom, but these were just random pictures taken on an iphone. It was not like we had employed an outside photographer service. I did not like this.I also did not really enjoy our limo driver. I tipped him for my brother so he wouldn't have to, and when they were brought back, the driver (I will not put his name) told my brother that he had not been tipped. I was thoroughly pissed about this, as I wanted to take care of this so my brother didn't have to, and this man conned him into tipping more. Outrageous. The limo was also very dusty inside, and the man drove a little weird with the window open. There was no privacy for us on our ride over. I was really looking forward to this place. The room was nice, the photographer was awesome, but as for the ambiance, it is really lacking here. The girl was also rude at the counter when we went to pay for the rest of the wedding.
5	Very professional staff, the Elvis impersonator was really charming & funny.  They did an AWESOME job on the video & photos.
5	I got marry on aug 10, 2013 and it was great they were really nice always helpful I can say is if any one wants to get marry n a nice romantic place then this is the place
5	They were very professional and they made our experience wonderful. The facilities were the best we saw in Vegas outside of the casinos. If you want to get married right I strongly suggest you go here. Let me add the pictures came out beautifully!!!!!!
2	We had a decent experience over all, the chapel isn't tacky like I expected. However, the prices are outrageous. The photos are ridiculously over priced. The photographer didnt even make sure everyone could be seen in them. I'm VERY disappointed in the photo experience.
5	Great staff! Pleasant and helpful. Michelle is awesome. Nice respectable venue! No cheese factor!
5	Darlene, Rhonda, Julie and the staff were amazing to work with.  We added pressures to them as both my bride and I were late to the chapel, throwing off the timing of the ceremony. That did not stop them from giving us their best.  Pictures turned out amazing.  "Best day of my life."  Reverend Joe kept it light, professional, full of Godly joy and did I add, that they allowed our two dogs in the ceremony? Pictures on the Strip, as well as during ceremony turned out beyond our expectations.
5	OMG!! I absolutely loved my wedding here. Julie (the manager) was AMAZING!! She narrowed down every little detail I didn't even know to freak out about. She calmed my nerves and made sure EVERYTHING was perfect. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone coming from out of town. I had no idea what to expect and I they went above and beyond my wild and crazy requests. The wedding was perfect. Thank you guys so much for making my day the best. We had Rev. Heidi :) Loved her. Loved the rose exchange. Loved my pictures. Loved it all.
5	Great people and customer service...they truly made our little wedding special.  Thank you all
5	Ok listen- I'll be honest I'm cheap- like cheap cheap- giving my money away is like amputating an arm- so when I say every cent I paid to have my wedding at Vegas Weddings was worth it! I mean-- it was so worth it! I know they get you on the little things-- like 5$ here, 25$ there- I myself declined almost all the little extras but I did upgrade myself from the Cherish package to the Ignite simply cause I wanted my wedding to be in the Wedding Suite! So worth it! It was beautiful! I did take advantage of the hair and make-up service which was awesome! When the photographer took our photos she had us do some classic and yet kinda cheesy poses- I wasn't expecting much. With the Ignite package you get 12 free ceremony shots- The pricing for extras photos is highish-- ok it's high. I was fully prepared to go back the next day and pick my 12 and leave-  after watching the tear invoking, nose running slide show I pretty much yelled 'SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!!!' And threw my credit card at the lady-- the photos were amazing and I wasn't leaving Las Vegas without all of my 200 photos! I realize 200 photos may not seem like a lot but, I'm pretty sure we were only there for like a half hour- WORTH IT! I couldn't be happier with how everything turned out! I had the the best day if my life and I have no complaints! I highly recommend this chapel if you are looking for a cost effective wedding even with the photos, this is your chapel you can't go wrong!
4	The wedding itself was very beautiful. The photos the photographer took of us came out perfect. Nicest wedding venues there were to choose from. We have no regrets of getting married there. The reason they aren't getting five stars is because they certainly over charged us on the photos we took. C'mon a DVD for almost 1000? Not cool
1	Absolutely the worst customer service. Rhonda was rude. The Photographer said he would shoot in RAW format but he somehow ran out of room in his next shoot and delete them all. Because it was not in our contract we didn't receive them. I guess honoring your word wasn't enough. When I came back in the room and asked my wife what happened to the raw photos Rhonda turns to me and says: "You can take a break, this is between me and her" I think Rhonda should learn how to speak to customers.  Also, we never received our 5X7 as promised and the DVD they gave us doesn't work. SO basically we paid $1,000 for photos which we never received.Our overall issues: -Waited 30 minutes outside for our walk through -Changed the name of the best man in the morning and they called him by the wrong name in the evening. -They positioned us on the wrong side. If you're facing the alter, the bride was on the right and groom on the left. ?? -Big slot machine did not work - Why was this not mention until later in the evening? -Video did not record - As promised a video would be recorded. The main package was to include the video. No mention of the video when we spoke to Rhonda -Deleted photos. Although we were not contracted to have RAW photo. The photographer deleted photos regardless. -Marriage Commissioner handed me a tip envelope. We included her tip in the morning when we settled the dept. Seems odd for her to ask for more money. -We were charged an additional 19% on the original package, including the tip to the Marriage Commissioner. -Photo Disc did not work when we arrived back from our honey moon. -Did not receive out 5X7 photo
1	It's has been a week and no response from management. Absolutely stay away from doing business with them. If anything goes wrong they will not take care of you. There's other chapels out there. Look for a company who cares.
5	As a small business owner I believe customer service as well as a great product are key to a successful business and my wife and I believe these guys have both....My soon to be wife had checked a few places online to see which place fit our needs the best  to get married on the fly and still have some class to the ceremony, this was one that was on our list to take a look at since we would be arriving in town the same day to get our license , get married and see a show we needed somewhere reasonably priced as well as efficient. Once we walked in and met with the staff we knew this was the place and no further looking needed, the were able to get us right in had a photographer there in minutes and we were soon hitched. Upon arriving back to our home state we has noticed a problem with out picture disk but within minutes Lauren C. Was on the case and a couple days later we had our new disk and all is well. We would definitely recommend these guys to anyone, great job!La
1	Hello  Leslie!The photos that he shot in Raw were deleted. There were images that I didn't see when viewing the photos in Rhoda's office. He said himself that he deleted those photos because he ran out of room on his SD card, They were gone. Also, I don't really care who the agreement was between. Rhoda needs to learn how to speak to people. She became unglued and didn't hold any level of professionalism. If you care so much, respond to my personal email I sent last week. Writing on public forum doesn't take care of anything. Also, how about the 19% charge on the original package we already paid. We included a $50 tip as well and we were charged 19% on that??I'm available to talk when it's convenient for you.Thanks!
5	We did the drive-thru wedding, which was just as silly and ridiculous as we expected. I made the reservation after chatting on their website with someone who was helpful and nice. When we arrived, they expected us and everything went right to plan. The photographer was nice (and quick). The pictures came out nice, and we got one included in our package and could have bought extras for $40 or the whole CD for $100. We opted for just the one, but it was tough to say no. The place itself borders on the depressing in typical Vegas fashion, but everyone was sweet and took care to offer us water, etc. No sales pitches for what we didn't ask for, never waited too long, but didn't feel rushed. The ceremony itself was surprisingly sweet (considering we were sitting in a car) and the lady managed to almost make us cry even though she spouted off her routine while looking at her fingernails. In short, it was not the most romantic or magical experience I've ever had or the sweetest wedding ever, but it would have been absurd if it had been. We got exactly what we hoped for, which was a Vegas drive-thru wedding. It's tough to decide between 4 and 5 stars, because the place itself is simply not perfect. But in a way, that makes it perfect. So, I'm going with 5.
5	Awesome experience!!!! My daughter and son inlaw renewed their vows and it was magical. I would highly recommend stopping by and/or visiting the website.
1	Finally someone wrote back to me. Claims I don't know how to view the DVD "After some collaboration we've discovered it is possible you are attempting to view the slide show in a DVD player rather than a computer." I build websites. I know how to open files on a DVD. The disc wasn't burnt correctly. Also, they have not responded back about sending me the 5X7 as promised. And what about the 19% service fee I was charged for the tip I left. Is that legal? Seems extremely odd...If you're looking for a place to get hitched avoid Vegas Weddings at all cost.
5	My husband and I renewed our vows here yesterday. Everybody was great and really helped my husband planning this.
5	Where do I start. Marisa the internet tech is amazing and so friendly! I was having trouble with one of the wedding planners and she put me in touch with Melissa right away! Melissa made sure everything was taken care of wish I would have got to see her more but I understand. Our limo driver Gus is the sweetest funniest amazing wonderful and so much more he made sure we knew everything we needed to know about getting our marriage license and maybe sure we got where we needed to be on time! Danielle was amazing she gave us our tour after we got our license and made sure that everything was perfect if I could recommend anyone it would be her! Thanks for making me day even more amazing then I though it would be. So recommending you guys!Clint and Amanda Baker
5	Our vow renewal was awesome - much better than our actual wedding.  The coordinator, Danielle, did a great job in communicating about the ceremony, pictures and everything else so nothing was unexpected.  The minister made it feel personal and warm, even though she had just met us.  My bouquet (upgraded to calla lilies & roses) was to die for!  I received sooooo many compliments on it and it looked spectacular in the photos.  I knew what photos were included in my package and that the additional photos were not cheap.  When I did my photo viewing I was pleasantly surprised that there were some decent package prices for the additional photos.  I highly recommend Vegas Weddings!!!
5	Amazing staff!!! My husband (omg that's the first time I've said it!!) and I got married here (1-10-14)after getting picked up in a limo by Gus their driver in the drive thru window. Reverend Arnold was amazing and full of smiles. I was worried that it might be a little tacky, but just us the reverend and a witness was the most romantic, intimate, and perfect experience for us.  All of the staff were friendly and helpful.
5	Jason n I loved how everyone made us feel special. If I could do it again I would that's how wonderful everyone is. They make u feel welcome as soon as you walk in the door. The limo driver was wonderful as will he made our ride so relaxing and comfortable and on time too. Over all I loved it all. Thanks to everyone you guys are all wonderful.
5	This place is AWESOME!  Great service and selling to work with you too make your experience fantastic!
5	This place was amazing! Literally everything took about 30 minutes and we had a beautiful ceremony! The photographer was absolutely amazing, the pictures he took were perfect. We got married at random and they made our perfect wedding in no time. This venue is a block away from the marriage license building and they're amazing.
3	We purchased the most expensive package in the Hawaiian Gardens. It should have been beautiful, but unfortunately weather was so bad we had to cancel and go to the chapel which rarely happens in Vegas anyway! My wedding was a disappointment to say the least.  The chapel is ok, looked really bad in our photos though.  If you order flowers, I would suggest asking them not to add all the greenery to it.  The staff who we worked with at the chapel were wonderful but I never actually met my wedding planner.  She was always difficult to reach anytime prior to that.  Richard and Gus, our limo drivers were so nice and we really enjoyed their company! The gal who they provided for my hair did a great job, the makeup looked like crap though.  If I had more time, I would've fixed it myself.  Our photographer, Michael was also really great and made the experience enjoyable.  It is definitely worth it to pay extra for photos!!!!  We did our reception at the gardens still and I would definitely recommend working with them!  The food was great and the staff was really accommodating.  It was a bummer to miss out on the gardens, it looked beautiful and I would recommend that location!
1	I helped my brother plan his small vegas wedding at the end of December.I went back and forth with Melissa who was very helpful and was fast with responding to my questions via email as I was in California and was doing all the planning . The day of the actual wedding is something I still think about and get very upset with my experience here at vegas weddings. The limo picked my brother and parents up and drive to the location. The 11 guests were there and  I showed up 5 minutes late . I kid you not. 5 minutes late. A rude worker ( Im guessing the manager ) snarled at me " were changing your time to 7pm ( 2 hours later ) I said im here and we are ready to go.  She looked me up and down and said " your 7 minutes late " I told her I was 5 minutes late and after our conversation now Im 7 minutes late from starting this wedding! Everyone was in the Chapel and had come out to see her attack on me.She had such a vile disgusting attitude and then said she was not going to help me since I was the one who had such a " bad attitude " . I as well as all my family and closest friends was so shocked by this lady's behavior and attitude towards us . Finally my husband had to speak to this ego driven women and get her to start the wedding. The whole experience lacked courtesy with any kind of flexibility or good customer service so if any of those things are important to you run and pick a chapel that prides itself to making sure your wedding leaves a great lasting memory!
5	Got married here 2/28/14 and must say it was nice. I booked a month and a half in advance and was looking for something simple and quick! Vegas Weddings did that for me!!!!! Everyone was nice and friendly. The photographer and the minister did an awesome job!! Thanks guys!! I would highly recommend this place! They have simple packages like mine as well as elegant packages.
5	A perfect day we will remember forever. Thank you Vicky and the rest of the staff at Vegas Weddings. I would recommend you anytime
4	Ok the wedding was great. People were fabulous. We came back the next day  for pictures, it wasn't  high sales pressure. So that was great. The limo driver Gus was fun. Only complaint was... We did not pay to have our official license picked up by their staff. We weren't going to be in town so it wasn't worth it,  BUT what I found out was  they have 10 days to give your info to the clerks office. BUT if they do it it can be picked up the next day. For a fee, by them. As I went home and settled into normal life, I found  my documents weren't recorded until the 9 th day. The very last minute. Actually had I not called I think it would have been the 10 th day.  I Just found  that to be a smack in the face after we had paid for our wedding accordingly and the Rev. Handed us the tip envelope with the promise to "rush these". It was just a little annoyance, we weren't expecting.  Btw once ordered online from the clerks office it was received in 3 days. Otherwise the wedding was beautiful!
5	My husband and I's experience was great from start to finish. Juliana was our coordinator and she made sure that everything was taken care of from day one. Our limo picked us up from our hotel and took us down to the courthouse to get our marriage license. the driver waited patiently as we took care of that as well as some items at the venue.  The day of the ceremony, our limo driver was prompt and  the staff could not have been nicer or accommodating seeing how busy it was for the day after Valentine's Day.  Heidi, our officiant was amazing and she seemed to know is even though we had just met her that day. Our pictures turned out amazing and we are so happy we were able to purchase them. It was a great experience that we will cherish forever!
5	Living in Colorado, I was skeptical about choosing a place sight unseen to hold one of the most important events in my life. All the things you think about, does the gazebo really look like the pictures, will by bouquet look nice, what's the structure of the ceremony going to be like, where is this place, and will they make it special? There are so many more but I can assure that the gazebo terrace is beautiful and clean and perfect for a wedding. My bouquet was gorgeous. I was able to talk to the officiant prior to the ceremony. Every staff me never was polite, professional, and helpful. Linda Robinson was my wedding planner. She was amazing and more than willing to answer every off the wall, redundant question I had. She even went through the ping pong of reception no reception without feeling annoyed or like she's had a million brides who have asked the same questions. I didn't want to feel like one of the many brides they were dealing with either by email or on the day of my wedding. I didn't feel that way at all. Gus was our limo driver and he was also great. I don't remember the name of every person we dealt with but they were all fantastic. Knowing what I know now after my wedding, I would still choose this place and have the same wedding I had. It was perfect and Vegas Weddings helped my dreams come true.
4	I made arrangements with Vegas Weddings to renew our vows on our wedding anniversary. We live in Virginia and I was very grateful to be able to work on the arrangements by instant messaging and last minute phone call. The wedding planner was very responsive, especially during our late evening telephone call during which I arranged to email/fax a copy of our marriage certificate and payment arrangements. And we were made to feel welcome on the say of the event. The only criticism - and it is a VERY minor one - is that I received mixed instructions as to what documentation was required to complete the ceremony; however, that was resolved in a few minutes at the site. This was a great experience that we will never forget.
5	We got married 04/20/14. Everything went as smooth as can be. All the staff were very helpful and kind. We had to reschedule our ceremony because we were too late and missed our slot, but the staff was wonderful and helped us reschedule for later in the evening. The Rev. Heidi Wells was amazing we were so pleased with our ceremony, being the Fast Lane package (drive thru), she still made it special and intimate. The photographer was also awesome. He really took the time to get some wonderful shots and worked with us with any ideas we had for poses and so on. Super friendly and didn't rush us. All the pictures turned out awesome!All in all, this place was great. I couldn't have asked for a better experience with this place. They made everything so easy. We picked up all of our pictures and video with ease. We also used the service to get our marriage certificate expedited by them, so we were able to pick that up when we got our pictures. Amazing.Thank you Vegas Weddings for making our special day so awesome and stress free!!!
5	My husband and I got married here on 6/6/14 we had the intrigue package which was complete with a ceremony and reception. The entire ceremony went without a hitch they even accommodated us when my mother in law was late with our son ! They were amazing from the time I booked the date in April till the day we came to review our photos from our amazing day. Melissa, Whitney, Evelyn, and one other lady who's name escapes me were perfect in every way making sure the ceremony went smoothly. If you want to have a wedding with minimal planning and stress this is the place to do it not to mention the marriage license office is a block away
5	My husband and I got married here on 6/7/14. I would recommend this place to anyone who plans on getting married in Vegas. Everybody we dealt with was extremely helpful and nice. We chose the chapel ceremony and it was beautiful. We have no regrets with picking this location at all. My husband even told me that I probably picked one of the nicest chapels in Vegas to get married at! Highly recommend, you won't find nicer people to work with than what they have here. The limo ride was nice, flowers beautiful, I received my garter, we got our champagne flutes and unity candle all packed up for us to take with. If you pick this location to get married you will not regret it.
4	I got married here 2 weeks ago and would highly recommend this venue to anyone looking to get married in Vegas. The staff was very friendly and helpful.  I didn't know what to expect from a Vegas wedding, but I was  pleasantly surprised.  Our ceremony was very classy and exactly what we wanted!  Rev. Heidi Wells was awesome as was our photographer. It has been such a pleasure working with Amy Lynn on our pictures. Thank you for making our special day even better!
5	OMG! Where do I begin?? We decided our venue would be the Hilton Garden Inn. The venue of course is not owned by Vegas Weddings but they sure know everything in and out like the back of their hand. They have a great attention to detail and work endlessly to make your big day spectacular. From the coordinators keeping track of time to the set up of both the ceremony and reception. Also the photographer and videographer really hone in on their talent. Pictures were flawlessly AMAZING!! If anyone wants to have the utmost elegant and carefree event I would highly recommend Vegas Weddings.
4	I am very happy to say that our issue has been resolved, Rhonda the photo department manager was wonderful in assisting us and we have received all of our photos. Rhonda has exceeded our expectations in this matter and I am quite thankful!
4	Married 6/20/2014. The planning experience couldn't have been easier. When we called to pay, they put us on hold for a long time (over 15 mins). They also tried charging for a tux rental. BUT the ceremony was wonderful. And my pictures are breathtaking! I got my hair and makeup done by their recommended salon (Off the Edge) and they did an awesome job.Just don't get the steaming through the chapel, it came out even more wrinkled and was expensive! When I brought up the wrinkles to the girl helping me on my wedding day, she got kind of rude..but was very nice after. Overall, I had an awesome experience here. I would do it again.
5	We got married June 21, 2014. Everything was perfect. Danielle our wedding planner was so helpful and organize she just made our day so special. Everyone was so friendly and helpful. We got our license fast. We have no complaints, best place ever!! Thanks for the wonderful experience and nice memories.
3	We had our wedding on 6/27/2014 and the ceremony at the wedding garden was beautiful and everything we expected. But I will warn people if you get the packages with pics you can only choose pics from the time you walk down the aisle to when you exit. Any other pics taken are $50 each to be added to disc or we had roughly 140 pics taken and was going to be $1200 for all. Hire another photographer for after wedding to take pics for alot cheaper. To order slide show that they show you which those pics cannot be saved since it's DVD format is $300 and is only 50 pics that they choose. The pricing of photography is absolutely ridiculous for the quality of pics you get. Don't pay extra when someone else can do a way better job.
5	do you like the convenience of booking things online and way ahead of time?do you like the convenience of a wedding location a block from the marriage bureau?do you like the convenience of dealing with a coordinator via email/phone and not having to lose vacation days for planning stuff?Vegas Weddings has an easy to remember name and they truly are an efficient, well-oiled machine. nothing went wrong, there was no shadiness or deceptive charges, no last-minute "OOPS". even the limo arrived early enough to pick us up and navigate traffic with time to spare.the photos came out amazing, and the video will likely be done just as well.I'm sure people think that getting hitched in Vegas might be tacky, but there was nothing tacky about this business. the chapel was classy and nice, and they even had a webcam so our friends back home could watch along (and they had a drinking game apparently!).
5	We opted for a drive thru fast lane wedding.  Everything from the ease of the website, my coordinator Jose, the driver,  photographer and support staff...all professional,  supportive, service minded and friendly.  We also chose a few upgrades (flowers and photo package) and it was well worth it.  Thank you for making our unique wedding something fun and memorable!
4	We originally were not so hot on the idea of a Vegas Wedding. After some thought and research we choose Vegas Weddings. It was a great choice. The costs were fair and the photographer did a wonderful job capturing the ceremony. We went back a day later and chose the photo's we wanted and were very happy with the pics. I would suggest using a photographer separate from the one provided as they only provide you with 12 photos from the service. Otherwise you are charged 40 per photo.They do provide packages for photos we used an independent photographer who was awesome. If you need a Vegas photographer go with I-Capture events his name is Juan Carranco. He spent a full day with us took about 500 photo's and cost us less than 700.
4	Did the drive thru fast wedding package here and it wasn't as corny as I thought it would be and stuff was handled professionally.   Would recommend this place over others.
1	We got married earlier this July 2014 at the Hilton Garden Inn through Vegas Weddings. Our "coordinator"'s name is Linda Robinson. Where to start? So many things went wrong and even after complaining about it all we got back from Vegas Weddings and Linda are bad excuses and Vegas Weddings are actually MIA...Just to give you an idea of the situation, I gave very precise, "kindergarden" instructions about the decorations as we wanted it a month in advance (with pictures to help)  and made a CD of 3 songs for the ceremony (one for the groom, one for the bride, one for the couple), and gave all that to the Hilton the day before so that they will be able to plan ahead.So here is a list of what went wrong... So couples, beware!: - The Cd player not working (the CD was giving the day before and we made sure it was working on several devices), the guest  and the Bride and groom waited outside by 107 degrees way longer than they should have (ceremony started 20 minutes late).-  After the kiss, there was a long delay before they played the last song, we just stood there feeling awkward, waiting for someone to push play.- The minister Nathan, quickly shut the music off to come running asking for his money (cash only) while we had our own minister....(so why would we pay him???)- The reception room wasn't ready after the ceremony (they started to take care of that when the Bride got there 30 minutes before the wedding), and even after the cocktail hour the room still wasn't ready for people to enter. - Nathan left before talking to us for the "legal matters" that he mentioned and never had the best man or our minister sign the official document.- Nathan signed the souvenir certificate when we had our own minister and would rather have him signed it.- Most of the decoration was not on or misplaced ; the place cards were on the table (instead of the glasses) and in the wrong spots, guests were very confused on where they were supposed to sit, despite the very simple seating chart we provided.- The Maid of honor had to place the decoration with the staff on the tables and the Bride had to decorate with them too during the cocktail hour- We had 36 paper pompoms that were supposed to be hung from the ceiling (Linda promised they would be hung) and guess what 8 were hung from the fireplace none from the ceiling, where did the other 28 go?- We had the surprise to find another couple's shot glass on the favor table ( I feel sorry for David and Ciara...)- The  2 $25 each centerpieces we paid for were missing, the Bride asked for it and Julianna brought some but they were not the ones ordered. - The lamb was undercooked and had to be sent back and had a very long delay- There was the hotel music playing over the hotel PA system, interfering with our music, groom had to ask to turn it off in the reception room, which was done halfway through the reception.-The limo drivers arrived before the cake was even cut and the Groom and Julianna had to go outside to talk to them. Luckily the drivers were understanding and friendly and agreed to wait.- The coffee and hot tea were never served even though we paid for this- The DVD of the ceremony was not working when we got home... What a disappointment after all that! We had to wait several days for them to send a replacement.So if you want a stress free wedding and not have to do all by yourself, do not book through Vegas Wedding! They'll disappoint you! Oh and all that cost you way more than thee price they quote you at the beginning!
1	STAY AWAY!!! Go to your hotels chapel!!!! We had a terribly frustrating experience at this establishment and regret every minute and dollar we spent there. The most important part of the wedding arguably, is the pictures and the photographer (Amy Gilbert) was not only incompetent but also a thief! They did not mention that we can only choose from the first 40 pictures before hand and when it was time choose, the first 40 pictures were absolute GARBAGE!!!! As if she did it on purpose!!!! Receiving the link for the pictures was also a complete hassle!!! Awkward angles, faces cut off, eyes wondering, no direction.. For every picture after the 40th they charge a crazy fee and for every day you spent looking at the pictures to decide after the 5th day they charge another crazy fee! Then they offer you all the pictures for a ridiculous price knowing that you'll go for it at that point. You're stuck wondering what the hell you paid for in the "picture package deal"We were so sick of this company and all the hidden fees and scams that we DIDNT EVEN GO THROUGH WITH PICKING THE PICTURES THAT WE PAID FOR. Till this day, the memories of this wedding are clouded by the hatred we've all developed for this company. We will be telling everyone we know to stay away.
5	I just got married this past Friday 8/8/14, and I must say things couldn't have gone better.  From the time that I started planning my wedding Vegas Weddings has accommodated me in every way possible. Michelle is fabulous. I called her numerous times with changes and she was very patient and understood every single thing that I wanted.The ceremony itself  was perfect, I live in California so planning things over the phone and online could have been a disaster, but after all was done you would have thought that I lived right there in Vegas. Everything's t according to plan. I was picked by Limo on time and everything went smooth. Originally I wanted my ceremony to be in the gazebo, but giving the time Of year it was Michelle kept reminding me that in Vegas it is hot. So I finally agreed to change the ceremony to the chapel, and I am so happy that I did.  It was extremely hot even at 8pm outside t the gazebo.   Thanks Michelle, you were right.!So since my ceremony was not outside the photographer took us out to the gazebo just for pictures. All I ever wanted was outside wedding photos and that's what I got. The photographer went above and beyond for us. I read on other yelp post about people complaining about the photos and the cost of the photos. They must not have been listening. With each package you get a certain amount of ceremony photos. Yeah you are not looking and smiling at the camera during these photos, that's why they are called ceremony photos!  You were giving the option to buy the posed pictures. Those are the photos that you are asked to smile and say cheese!  Wedding photos can be very expensive but at Vegas Weddings they are pretty reasonable.  I got all of my photos for under $1000, and that's dam good! Not to mention the pictures were so great that I could not choose from all. I had to have them all. Plus the all came in black and white too.  I almost had my own photographer come in because of some previous Yelp reviews but I'm happy that I didn't because it would have cost me way more and it wasn't a guarantee that my photos would be any better. I would recommend Vegas Weddings to anyone that I know that wants to get married in Las Vegas.  The staff is wonderful and they are very professional. I read a couple of bad reviews and after going myself I'm thinking the people that have bad reviews have to just be angry themselves .I Love Vegas Weddings and I will be back to renew my vows in 5 or 10 years. I wish I had 4 hands so I can give them
5	Drove in this morning without an appointment for a "drive through" wedding.30 minutes later we were headed down the strip happily married.The receptionist was very helpful, pleasant, and NOT pushy. I expected a hard sell on all the extras but she did not try to convince us we needed photos or flowers, etc...Prices were exactly what was represented on the website - no hidden fees.The minister was great! She gave us a very thoughtful message about what marriage is about. Again, I expected a perfunctory service but ended up with a great memory.Overall it was more than we expected out of a drive through service.Highly recommended.
5	Excellent wedding planner (Michelle)! Excellent service at the venue! Limo drivers were polite and helpful. An absolutely great place to get married and price was very reasonable. Our photographer was excellent as well! He (Brian?) had some great locations ready to use when our ceremony was over. Our officiant, Reverend Garcia was great also.
1	Where do I start?? We just got married on October 12, 2014. My husband and I are locals and we wanted a nice wedding but also keep it small at the same time. We had a lot of people coming from out of town so we wanted to make it special. I didn't have any reason to think that it wasn't going to be nice. Danielle Meyer was very sweet and very helpful so I thought everything would be perfect as everyone's wedding day should be! I believe we got the dream package and it cost $544 we were unaware that the pictures included in the package of only the ACTUAL ceremony. They started shooting pictures from the time I was in my dressing room until after the ceremony. We thought we would be able to choose 18 pictures out of all of the pictures that they took. We felt like this should've been made very clear, but it wasn't. They also knew my daughter was going to be the flower girl and we assumed everything was okay because they never said  that the flowers were not included in our package. Come to find out at the very last minute right before I'm getting ready to walk down the aisle I ask where my daughters flower basket is? The coordinator looked at me like I was crazy and said we never said that we wanted one and that it wasn't in our package. I couldn't believe it what kind of flower girl doesn't have a basket of flowers to throw down the aisle!?!? She said it was going to cost an additional $35 I believe it was. I had somebody go let my husband know what was going on and thankfully we had the money on us. We just felt like this was very unorganized and just another way to squeeze more money out of you. So two days later when it's time to go view our pictures we start looking and that's when they tell us we can only choose 18 from the time the ceremony started until it ended. My husband immediately got upset because nobody told us this. And then the lady came in rude and looking at us like it was our fault saying you should of read your contract. I looked at her in disbelief on how she could be so careless about the whole situation. Sorry that we have a million other things going on because we're getting ready to get married and we didn't read your small print contract. There was a total of 140 pictures and I believe they wanted $595 for all of them or 40 bucks a piece. In every single one of our ceremony pictures the candle is in front of us ruining the picture completely. The background is blurry, people are blurry. The pictures were downright terrible! I could understand if the pictures were flawless like the ones that are hanging up in their buildings but they weren't. Not even close!  What was worst about this whole situation was how they handled their upset customers. Like it was our fault. Just rude and nasty! Of course we were upset  but for them to be so hostile towards us was not right. The supervisor in the photo department offered us 3 pictures to make it right but honestly I don't know if it can be made right since this day only comes once in a lifetime. Word of mouth is the best advertising and my husband being a bartender at the Golden Nugget gets asked all the time where they should get married and he will make it very clear to not come here. They don't care that it's your special day all they want is your money and a lot of it!! RUDE! RUDE! RUDE!
5	Vegas Weddings is the best choice I could ever make for my daughter's wedding! Avery and Annie only had to sit back and soak up the moments of their marital bliss!!! Stress-free, a perfect flawless marriage ceremony, thank you so so much! From the beginning consultation to the last minute wedding veil that was needed just before the ceremony,Vegas Weddings  produced a perfect moment marriage ceremony for my daughter and my new son-in-law! They were just elated with the awesome pictures, the live stream ceremony that allowed all of America to tune in, and the photographer was truly an artist!!! Our experience with Vegas Weddings was 5 star !!!! Thank you again :)
5	My ceremony was nothing short of amazing!My ceremony took place on the Terrace on 11/29. From the consultation (back in February), and leading up to that point -- I had plenty of questions, especially because I planned the entire day from thousands of miles away. Our coordinator, and everyone else I talked with was patient, and really helped a lot.The package I got included a photoshoot on the strip. Our photographer, Jeff was fantastic! Our pictures look great, I'm getting a ton of compliments. Many memorable shots.If you want a Vegas wedding, with no fuss --- this is definitely the way to go. (Right down the street from the License Bureau also!)
5	Got married here on the 4th December 2014. Very helpful wedding planner. Fast and efficient. Friendly limo driver. Fantastic minister. Loved the outdoor gazebo. Small and personal and a whole lot of fun. Couldn't have asked for a better wedding. It was quick but not rushed. Loved the little extras that are on offer. Great photos too. Very happy with the whole experience. Would highly recommend if you want a stress free and fun wedding.
5	This place was awesome! They offered great prices for our quick civil ceremony, the customer service was perfect especially DaNella Ketcham the manager and Minister Richard made it very special!
