5	What can I say we were lucky enough to get invited for pre-opening to this week at Tommy Urban Kitchen, right in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale. The place was inviting, very nicely decorated. The staff warm and knowledgeable and Zoran who immediately greeted up with open arms always making you feel welcome. We started with the Burrata which was Amazing! Then into the Lobster Bisque with just a hit of saffron, Perfection! Then followed by the Best Clams and Lin quine perfect amount of garlic with gorgeous mini la clams best I have had in the Valley. Which bring me to my husband Fettuccine Bolognase, so flavorful and the meat giving the dish great substance and texture. This Saturday Big Opening, I recommend everyone try this incredible restaurant. Which by the way will be offering Happy Hour pricing Monday-Friday from 11am-6:30pm with dishes from both appetizers to entrees, and wines are fabulous. Believe when I say once you try Tommy Urban Kitchen, you will make this place your favorite local hangout, Kudos to the Management and Chef they hit this right on the mark!!!Liz D.Tim D.
5	Not only was the food absolutely delicious but the staff was extremely friendly and attentive!  The ambiance is quite lovely.  For dinner I enjoyed the calamari and then the pasta trio because I just couldn't pick one thing.....tortellini wild mushroom with portebello marscapone was off the hook...spinach ricotta truffle ravioli....gnocchi brie asiago cheese in brown butter sage sauce.....and for dessert best cannoli I have ever eaten out west....Their wine list is also quite extensive.  Make this your new place to frequent you won't be disappointed! Cheers!
5	This place actually reminds me of a restaurant in Milan that I visited once.  Sure, there were all kinds of traditional trattorias and pizzerias but there were also these modern restaurants that had contemporary and sleek decor, who also presented a new perspective on Italian food.  Tommy V's falls in this latter category.I really love how the main dining room has great windows to the street.  It's fun to look out and as a passerby one might think "I wish I was in there".  The moody lighting and hard wood floors give this place an elegant yet warm vibe.  The size of the restaurant is ample so this would make a great place to host a dinner party.The food is Italian but you will not find all of the cliche Italian American dishes.  Instead diners are offered selections such as Bucatini and other plates that are more regional and similar to what you would get in Italy.   Oh yeah, pastas are hand made daily.  If this weren't enough, Tommy V's is affiliated with Tomaso's so many of the same techniques and elements are incorporated here.If you want to experience a modern, elegant, yet friendly and warm Italian restaurant that serves a blend of modern and authentic Italian cuisine then I can't think of a much better choice than Tommy V's.
5	I stopped by Tommy V's sometime during the week after I heard that it was finally open for business. For starters, the decor was simple, tastefully done, clean and very inviting. The place looks open and one can move easily around the restaurant without bumping into everyone and everything. But, let's talk about what really matters, the food. Since I was very limited on time, I decided to look into their Happy Hour menu; which by the way it starts at 11:00 and ends at 6:00 PM. It is fairly extensive and reasonably priced with items ranging from salads to calamari, Bruschetta and paninis, sliders and burgers. I decided to try one of their burgers and it was great. Meat was cooked to taste and was served on a ciabatta roll with a healthy portion of French Fries. I decided to eat my lunch with a glass of wine from their very ample selection available. Sadly, I didn't get a chance to order dessert, but I will make sure to next time so I can write another review about it. I anticipate nothing but great things for this place. Pretty soon the next time I want to eat there I will require a reservation.
5	TommyV's is the place to be - ambiance, atmosphere, integrity and the highest commitment to quality food and 1st Class customer service! Their extensive Happy Hour (11AM - 6:30PM) is not your standard fare - organic, gluten free and one-of-a-kind items like butternut squash ravioli, brie gnocchi and short rib sliders will tantalize your tastebuds without tormenting your wallet - apps from $5 - 9! Classy, casual and cool Tommy V's is a sure thing! Trust me - and try it for yourself! The owners, Chef and staff truly care about the customer experience and welcome your honest feedback! I know I for one like to feel valued and appreciated as a comsumer in this marketplace!
5	This restaurant was delicious! I couldn't even pick one thing on the menu because everything looked so good! We tried the smoked salmon appetizer, the chopped salad, eggplant torte, and some spaghetti dishes, and all of them were great! The wine was also outstanding! Could be the best pasta in town! We just loved it there!!
4	This is a very nice contemporary Italian restaurant.We were here last week for dinner and enjoyed the experience.  Our burrata caponata appetizer was very good.  The burrata was nice and creamy and rich and was delicious spread on their bread.The service was attentive throughout and I appreciated them bringing an ice bucket for our Sonoma Cutrer wine without having to ask.I had the bucatini amatriciana and my friend had the shrimp risotto.  Both were good but not mind-blowing.Overall it was a delightful meal and I'll definitely be back.
5	Residing in valley for the past 29 years Tommy V's Urban Kitchen is, in my opinion, one of, if not the best Italian restaurant in the valley.  I like the atmosphere, the bar tenders and staff are friendly and attentive, the chef has a remarkable menu and there is a very wine selection.  I'm glad to have such a nice place to enjoy.  I feel comfortable taking business associates there, enjoying date night or cocktailing and dining with other couples.  It's that kind of place.  Highly recommended, see you there!
4	Lunch today, crispy gnocchi & Cheeseburger with fries.  Both solid dishes however the sauce with the gnocchi was a little flat.  The menu however was loaded and demands that we return soon.
5	Great place. Tasty food and a cool atmosphere, and with the weekday happy hour from 11am to 6pm your bill will make you almost as happy as the food. I've tried most of the happy hour appetizers and they're all cooked (or raw) to perfection. Glad to see a quality restaurant in this troubled location. I give the place 5 stars despite the service which can be spotty at times, but I understand it's a brand new restaurant so they'll eventually work out the kinks. Still: servers need to be a little less familiar, a little more professional with guests...and even though it's an Italian place and very friendly, the repeated touching of guests' shoulders/backs when talking to them is a little offputting. Other than that minor hiccup, I highly recommend this place.
5	I have been here a couple of times in the past week.  My friend and I met here for a drink mid week and my friend ordered a small side of meatballs and they were delicious!  Made me wish I were more hungry. But more importantly, If you are looking for a good strong drink this is the place. The staff was super helpful, welcoming and friendly, and the bartender even made blue cheese stuffed olives for my friend and I since we love those with our martinis. I will absolutely back for more!We went back again less than a week later and our waitress was super friendly and personable.  The bartender was creative and yet again made some stellar drinks!  The owner is very involved in speaking with all of the guests, and we spoke to him a couple of times.  It was a fun, laid back atmosphere and is definitely my new favorite place.  I look forward to sampling all of their food items in the near future!
1	When a skeezy bartender tries to slip Cruzan coconut rum into your drink without telling you they don't serve Malibu, it's a big fail in my book. I saw him do it and he wasn't even going to tell me. WTF, dude?The big ball of fried, breaded appetizer was something I probably made in home ec 20 years ago, and should have never been let out of the kitchen. But alas, serve it they did. I went for a mixer and the service was less than good. I guess when you tell a place you're bringing a buttload of people in, they don't prepare. The A/C was miserable, bartenders were overworked and empty drink glasses just don't cut it in my book. Will I return? Doubtful. Too many other places that don't try to slip fake Malibu to a guest.
4	We went here for a dinner party last Saturday.  I enjoyed the modern, clean atmosphere and the food/wine/service was outstanding!  Our waiter was knowledgeable, friendly, and gave excellent recommendations (he kind of reminded me of an adult "Manny" from Modern Family ~ so I took an instant liking to him)! I enjoyed my Prosecco with the Burrata Caponata, Prosciutto, House-Cured Olives.  Seriously - when is Burrata ever wrong?  Delish!  I was also excited to see the Goat Cheese & Basil Stuffed Squash Blossoms on the menu and ordered those as well.  My only complaint was that they were deep fried - I thought that a light tempura would have been better to enhance the flavors and the presentation.  Our friends ordered The Chef Board Artisan Meats and Cheeses, Olives, Grilled Artichoke, Caponata this was excellent and enough for 4 people to share.  The Pork Oso Buco Tomato Wine Sauce, was also a hit!  My favorite of the night was the Mushroom Hazelnut Risotto.  It was so good and SO rich that I could not finish it!  We ended our evening with one of the owners bringing us some complimentary Guapa and limoncello shots.  This complimented our tiramisu dessert!  Also - check out the happy hour menu!  I will definitely be going back!
4	We had a great dining experience here and will definitely be back to try out some of the other items on the menu.  We stopped in on a Tuesday night and despite the fact that the place was nowhere near full, the bar area seemed a bit loud so we asked to be seated on the other side of the restaurant where things were a bit quieter.  We started off with the lobster bisque, which is one of the better lobster bisques that I've had.  It wasn't overly creamy and the addition of sherry added a nice flavor.  It's certainly pleasing to find that there are in fact actual pieces of lobster in the bisque rather than just an overall seafood flavor.For our entrees, I ordered the pasta trio which consisted of wild mushroom tortelli, spinach ricotta truffle ravioli and gnocchi with brie, asiago, and a brown butter sage sauce.  The tortelli was my favorite of the three items, however, all of them were made with high quality ingredients and were made in a true Italian style.  I would have preferred if the sauces were more flavorful, but even as is, the items were still good.  My husband had the eggplant torta with butternut squash ravioli and of course, I had to sample both items on his plate as well.  I really didn't care for the butternut squash ravioli as there was an overwhelming taste of brown sugar, but the eggplant torta was my favorite of anything we'd ordered.  It was served more as an eggplant lasagna than a typical torta and the flavors were excellent.  The eggplant was tender but not mushy and the sauce and cheeses were wonderful.  The service was excellent and the owner introduced himself and was very friendly throughout the meal.  The wine list also offered many good options at a variety of price points.  This place was a great find and we'll be back soon to enjoy more of the menu.
5	Delicious!!!  The Burrata and the gnocchi were incredible!  You HAVE to try the pasta trio- it gives you a little taste of everything- and I strongly recommend ditching your diet and going for a meatball...or two.Classy restaurant, great atmosphere, awesome food and outdoor seating!  What more could a girl ask for?  I guess, someone to pay the bill...
5	Found this place via Yelp because I was specifically craving pasta, and I am a picky Italian cook.  My toddler daughter and I met 3 friends there around 6:15pm.  It was not too packed, and they immediately had a high chair waiting for our table.  The 4 of us ordered 4 appetizers (the squash ravioli, the carpacchio, the artichoke heart risotto, and the fried gnocchi), and every single one of them was truly great.  (If I want to get really specific, I will say that the fried gnocchi was a little bland, but gnocchi is bland on its own anyway, so I wasn't expecting otherwise.  Also, I will say that I have had better carpacchio... not in terms of quality, but in terms of presentation and flavor.)  Even my daughter loved all 4 appetizers!For dinner I couldn't decide between the pasta with clams and the capellini (angel hair with tomato and basil), so Joshua (BEST SERVER!!), suggested he would split the entree in half for me so that I could try both... which was totally awesome.  Both entrees were so good!  I have to mention here that the pasta with clams is the best I have ever had-- it was NOT in a cream sauce or a red sauce.  Instead, it was in a light herb/oil sauce with fresh garlic cloves... perfect!My friends got the veal and the chicken marsala, which were also truly wonderful.  Total bill for the 4 of us with 4 appetizers, 3 entrees, soft drinks, and 4 alcoholic drinks was $99.  Great!For service, vibe, and food quality, you really can't go wrong with this place.  I am so excited to finally find a great Italian restaurant-- that doesn't cost a million dollars-- right by Old Town Scottsdale. :)
5	Had an absolutely spectacular experience from start to finish, what a fabulous score for Old Town dining!We went for happy hour and it is by far the best happy hour in town! They offer a nice selection of wines by the glass for $5 each. We decided to try an ample selection of appetizers to share to get a good feel for the menu. We had the Kobe sliders, the salmon bruschetta, the pulled pork sliders, the fig jam & ricotta sliders, the Cesar salad, and the artichoke orzo. The portion sizes were perfect and I can't say enough good things about the presentation! And the taste...unbelievably good, like too good to be true good! We finished with a delightfully light tiramisu. Quality all the way around, by far exceeded our expectations, we will definitely be back. The service was on par with our meal and flawless as well. The server was attentive and witty, and the manager (owner?) took time to introduce himself and inquire about our experience. If you haven't been, you MUST try it!
5	One of my favorite restaurants!Absolutely the best Italian restaurant in Scottsdale in my opinion.The food is of excellent quality, fresh, deliciously prepared and healthy, and is presented beautifully and simply, with attention to detail. Try the Bucatini, its out of this world!  The wait staff really knows how to wait tables -- they're respectful but friendly, and have perfect timing. And considering the quality and quantity of the food, the price can't be beat!
5	i love the $5 happy hours. all the dishes are a great value and delicious!
5	I had a very nice dinner here recently with a large group of people.  The waiter clearly knew his stuff, had a charming accent, and made excellent recommendations.  I wasn't very hungy, so he suggested the beet salad with goat cheese.  It was excellent, as was the bread they served with olive oil.  The cocktails and wine were reasonable and delicious, and the owner served us all complimentary guapa after dinner and came over to thank us for coming in.  We had a conversation on the patio afterwards, and he was clearly passionate about good food and scottsdale, and I'm thankful that he has moved into the neighborhood.  Will definitely return for dinner with the BF.
4	This is one of my new favorite restaurants!  A friend and I had what equates to a vegetarian lasagna (I forget the name)...YUM!  And the mushroom risotto...YUM!  I had a nearly perfect martini, made just for me, with extra olives on the side just 'cause they love me (or so I would like to think)!  In other words, great service!  And it is a hop, skip, and a jump from home.  How could it be any better?  Seriously, I hardly ever choose Italian when I am eating out, but this place will make me rethink my choices every time!
4	If you blindfolded me and put me inside this modern, newly renovated space, I would never guess that it used to be Cafe Carumba or Jacqueline's!  OK - maybe I would, but only because of the layout... they did a great job urbanizing and upgrading this restaurant!I went in for an early dinner with friends recently and was pleasantly surprised by the new decor, service, and of course, the food.  Being welcomed by Zoran, the Operating Partner of Tommy V's, and former GM of the (now closed) Estate House, was a treat as well.Service was top notch as our party of five made our way through a variety of menu items family style.  Highlights for me included the following:-Legume Spinach Soup (lentils, beans, garbanzo, spinach, vegetable stock) - I know it sounds very healthy and boring, but it was delicious!-Manila Clams Linguine (a tad on the buttery side, but I didn't mind)-Spinach Ricotta Ravioli-Veal Parisienne (I'm not usually a veal person, but I enjoyed this breaded preparation)-Grilled Asparagus (you can never eat enough veggies)-Potato-Hazelnut Truffle SouffleAnd, finally, we shared a dessert plate, but I think I ate the majority of the lemon dessert that was served with fresh strawberries.  I don't know what exactly it was, but Baby M was all about it!I noticed Tommy V's "happy hour menu," served Monday - Friday from 11am - 6:30pm a little late in the game, (it includes a solid variety of $5 wines and discounted appetizers), but I plan on returning soon to check that out.
5	Take a minute to check out the wine in the cellar. Chef D. - awesome food. That tiramisu is pure heaven - and that Zoran guy, i wonder what you were waiting for - finally we have great restaurant and bar to spend some good time in. This bar offers refreshing happy hour meny to break that customary burger mold. Well, the sliders are there, but they are awesome.
4	My wife and I decided to go to one of our favorite restaurants in Scottsdale when we decided to instead check out Yelp! for a restaurant we hadn't been to.  Tommy V's had some great reviews so we gave it a shot.  The place was hoppin' when we got there and only got busier as we had our dinner.   I started with the lobster bisque and was not disappointed.  There was plenty of diced lobster, not just essence of lobster. Then I had the filet which had a delicious flavor.  I had asked for medium well but it came back closer to rare.  I should have asked to send it back...the waiter did ask how it was...but I just ate it.  Very delicious.  And the sauteed spinach was a wonderful side dish.  My wife had the butternut squash ravioli and she thoroughly enjoyed that, too.  The restaurant is very open which made the busy place quite noisy.  That, I did not care for.  The service we received was some of the best I've ever had and that makes up for a lot.  Overall it was a good experience and I will absolutely go back again and will recommend it to my friends and clients.
4	Went for happy hour with a friend tonight.  Food was good, risotto she had was amazing.  Good service, but soggy buschetta.  Pretty good wine for a decent price.  Customer service was a priority to all who were working.  I like it.  Cool atmosphere.Bed time.
5	Fantastic wine at great prices and the food is even better! Love the gluten free options too.
4	went for dinner great happy hour menu had the carpacchio which i always try ...excellent  thin slice but not to thin to where you cant pick it off the plate and the pasta bolognese w veal tasty tasty as well service good atmosphere a bit stuffy but  thats my issue deffinetly worth a try
5	We decided to come to Tommy V's because of some of the reviews from Yelp friends.  I don't know if I should thank you or curse you,  I am supposed to still be on my Hcg diet, so I was not having anything.  However, my hubby decided he was doing the Restaurant Week dinner.  It looked amazing, so I took a little bite of his beet salad, ohh, perfectly roasted golden and red beets with arugula and goat cheese.  Then he had the Eggplant Torta, OMG, it reminded me of the Melanzana (italian for the Eggplant Torta) my daddy and I used to make on Sundays, I had three bites.  Then it came the Lemon Torte, my willpower caved and I had to have two bites.  I guess I will have to go on the treadmill a little longer this week.  Michael behind the bar was fantastic.  I had a taste of a few wines before settling for the Heavyweight Cabernet.  Zoran, stopped by to say hello, we have something in common, he also has twins.   I can't wait to come back with friends and have the Eggplant Torta again.
4	Seriously the best happy hour in the Phoenix area!  11-6:30 with $5 glasses of champagne or wine and ridiculously cheap, delicious food.  Check out the butternut squash ravioli and the risotto - so tasty!
5	Food terrific!  Drinks terrific!  Michael the bartender?  Terrific!
5	My wife and I were the only people in the place this Monday night so the service was above and beyond. The Chop Salad was legit, the osso bucco was near perfect. I've paid a lot more for a whole lot less in the past.
5	Some of the best italian I have ever had. Went here late on a saturday night and recieved amazing service. Waiter recommended a couple dishes and i'm glad he did. I got the butternut squash ravioli and my wife got the chicken parm. They were both great but the ravioli was incredible. We also started with the goat cheese squash blossoms, who knew a flower could taste so good. The fresh bread and olive oil was also very good. This was the perfect place to come and relax after a long day.
5	My husband is going to need a second job to support my love affair with Tommy V's.  Love the new decor (clean and modern) and the staff.  Our visits were almost 2 weeks apart, and we were surprised that not only did the bartender (Lisa) remember us but remembered what we had to drink!And the food...Fantastic happy hour that sadly runs only Mon-Fri and is really more of a lunch menu with salads, pasta dishes, and sandwiches.  The very happy hour menu offers select $5 apps, $5 well & wine, and beer specials.  First time we shared the short rib sliders from the $5 menu as well as risotto carbonara and smoked salmon bruschetta. While the bruschetta was perfectly fine, it was the only thing that didn't wow me.  The sliders (2) were worth twice their price tag and the risotto was incredible with pancetta, parmigiano, and peas.  Weekends offer only the dinner menu.  My husband had the grilled shrimp risotto (yes, he's into risotto thanks to all the Hell's Kitchen viewing this summer).  Although a little pricey ($18), it was well worth it.  Because good things come in threes, I had the hand-made pasta trio ($19):  mushroom and mascarpone tortelli; brie and asiago gnocchi in a brown butter sauce, and spinach ricotta ravioli.  The only bad thing about this dish was I had to offer my husband a bite of each.My diet had been going so well, too.  What a shame it's all over.  See you soon Tommy.
5	Great food and service ended up dining multiple times it was that goodManager on the floor very professional and charming!!The anti pasta platter is a must!
5	I ate here before the Thursday night Art Walk on main street. The food was great and the ambiance was nice. MIchael at the bar introduced himself and was great in helping me.   I would definitely eat here again and recommend this place to anyone.
4	What happened to Cafe Carumba!?  Oh well didn't attend that place much anyways.  I don't know who Tommy V is but he sure has style.  Modern sleek look with some Rat Pack portraits on the wall - Ain't that a kick in the head!I ordered the Pasta Trio which was delicious.  The ravioli's were so soft and creamy!  The only problem I see is the portion size.  I guess I can't complain since I rather enjoy quality over quantity.  However, I also thought it a tad bit pricey for the meals.  They do have a huge selection of wine available.  I think if I come back definitely would be during HH.Service as real good I really enjoying talking to servers who know about the menu but also the wine.  Say Hi to Zorian when you get there he's one of the owners and is a joy to talk to. - Enjoy!
5	Absolutely excellent meal at Tommy V's. The food and wine were excellent (I had the Chicken Marsala) as was the service.  Portions were good and the price was fair. I would go there again in a minute.
5	My Aunt and Uncle were in town and I was tasked by my Mom to find a great place to eat. My Uncle always picks up the check so the price had to be modest but the service and food had to be excellent and at the last minute Mom threw in "oh, and we want to eat outside." I looked for quite a while at reviews of places, I narrowed my search to the $$ places and Tommy V's stood out as one of the top ones in Scottsdale, I searched for outdoor seating and again of that list Tommy V's stood out. I didn't see any pictures of outdoor seating on Yelp (hint hint Mr. cool owner guy who I know is reading this) so I called to make sure they did have the outdoor seating and made a reservations for the 6 of us. My first impression was a great one, I would describe the decor as clean and classy. No clutter, just a perfectly lit, perfectly decorated modern spot with the music to go with it. I don't remember what everyone got but two of us got that Lobster Bisque which was super fantastic, and two of us got the "Manila Clams Linguine" which is by far the best seafood pasta dish that I have ever had, loaded with clams. A few of us got the "Grilled Shrimp Risotto," and they made my mom something that wasn't on the menu at her requestThe service was excellent and our server did a great job suggesting the right wine for each person on the group. Well other than me because I am more of whiskey kind of guy. We all had a fantastic time, everything we ordered was excellent and the added touch of the owner coming out to see how everything was makes this place an easy 5 stars and a place I would without reservation recommend to anyone. Oh,.. the other thing I noticed when I was doing my research was the consistency of positive customer experiences. A lot of top reviewed places in Scottsdale seem to be hot or cold depending on your server or the night you go. Tommy V's seems to have a formula for getting it right all the time.
5	Wow, this place rocks! I have been there twice, once for lunch and then again for early dinner.  They have a full menu for happy hour which runs most days from 11:30-6:30 and an outstanding wine list, many of these wines are on special for $5 during the happy time.  The menu itself had so many choices it was hard to decide on what to order.  We ended up with Rigatoni chicken that I had to come back for with a second visit, and we also ordered the manchego sandwich, recommended by our waiter.  They have a nice seating area at the bar, and also an outdoor patio.  They have only been open 3 months but this one is a  winner with outstanding food and reasonable prices!!
5	I hosted an event last week at Tommy V's.  It exceeded all my expectations.  The owner and staff went above and beyond to accommodate my very large group of guests.  The food was amazing!  It was a perfect night in every way..Tommy V's is officially my favorite Scottsdale restaurant.
5	My husband and I had a great dinner here.  I had the pork osso buco and he had the pasta trio.  Both were fabulous!   The quiet atmosphere and attentive service were a nice treat after several meals at other local restaurants that were very noisy and crowded.  The wine list was impressive and the waiter was helpful recommending wine.
5	It was empty on a Sunday night and almost did not go in because of that.     EVERYTHING was fantastic.   The Pasta trio was rich but so tasty, the Carbonara was full of flavor not just cream. Husband had the eggplant and butternut squash dish, it's so nice to have 2 different flavors on your dish rather than JUST the butternut squash, that would have been too rich.  The cheese used in the caprese salad was melt in your mouth and he Tiramassu was one of he best I've had.
3	I went here last night with the BF. The place had some very good points, but also a lot of points that need improvement. So we got there early for our reservation, but were seated anyway...good point. We were sat at a high top table....but our menus and the wine list were too big to fit on the table, making for awkward shuffling of menus, trying not to knock anything off of the high top table...not the best planning on their part. The place is very loud, as the decor is kind if industrial and all of the sounds bounce around a lot. I got a glass of the riesling and it was very good. The bread they brought out was good, I liked that it was warm and toasted, I wish the oil had more vinegar in it, but it was tasty all the same.  I ordered the short ribs and the BF got the capellini. The capellini was actually very good....the sauce had a very robust flavor, even a little spicy and the portion was big. The short ribs were kind of meh. I thought the flavor was fine, but they could be cooked longer. There was a ton of fat still on the ribs (usually it has largely melted away by the time they are served) and although I did NOT have to use a knife, I had to work very hard with my fork to eat them....which should never be the case with braised short rib. The gnocchi that came with the rib, however, was very good.... it was a stuffed gnocchi, which I have never had before. We ordered the tiramisu for dessert and thought that the tiramisu itself was good, very light and airy, but with a lot of espresso flavor, but they plated it with very pretty lines of strawberry sauce and chocolate. The strawberry sauce had a strange flavor....not good, and the bites with it (which were many of them) had a strange flavor from the sauce, I saw the pic on here with the tiramisu in a bowl and the sauces on the side....that would have been the perfect presentation so we could opt out of the strawberry. So anyway, the place had some serious highs (great pasta), but also a lot of lows, which made me feel that it wouldn't be worth the cost to return in the near future.
5	A friend of mine took my to Tommy V's for my dirty thirty birthday. The waitress, upon finding out it was my birthday, gave us a free appetizer, limocello shot, desert and after dinner cappuccino. It was very nice of her to do all that for me, it was way beyond  the standard free desert you get anywhere else. The appetizer she gave us was the Burrata, and it was simply amazing, The mozzarella literally melts in your mouth. We had also ordered the Pancetta Wrapped Prawns and they were delicious as well. For dinner I had the Salmon and it was absolutely perfect. Crisp on the outside, tender on the inside, and full of flavor. It really hit the spot. I had thought about ordering the Sea Bass, but the waitress advised against it letting me know that it isn't one of their best dishes. I always appreciate it when the server will steer you in the right direction so you enjoy your meal. I couldn't have enjoyed the dinner more and will definitely be coming back to Tommy V's. Thank you to my friend and the waitress for a great dinner and dirty thirty.
5	Short ribs, butternut squash ravioli, pear baby green salad. Done, done, and done. Great service from a very accommodating staff.
5	How do I begin?Superior service, superior food, superior ambiance--altogether a gracious dining experience !!!Have never tasted better linguine with clams and the calimari still resonates as tender, NOT overly breaded which was a relief, served with a magnificent red sauce.   Hot bread offered with dipping oil was special.  and no one wrinkled their nose when I ordered hot tea instead of wine.Will be headed there for my birthday to treat a total foodie from the east coast, knowing he will be impressed.Witnessed a tiramisu dessert that looked spectacular too.This is what dining out is all about !!!
4	Linguine with clams-- amazing!  I was pleasantly surprised at the large number of clams that were included in the dish.  My mom got the pasta trio and it was surprisingly tiny.  My dish was cheaper and much larger.  Tiramisu was delicious.
5	We have lived in Scottsdale for 23 years & have always found it difficult to find good Italian food here.  We loved UnBacio, but alas, they are gone.  Fortunately, we have  found Tommy V's Urban Kitchen!  We've eaten there twice (plan on going back many more times) & love everything about the place.  The food is fantastic; the staff is friendly, professional & efficient; the restaurant is pretty; & the owner is very hands-on & makes himself accessible & known-- a delightfully friendly man!When last there, my husband experienced a minor health issue & the quick action & genuine concern for my husband & myself was amazing!!  Unfortunately, paramedics needed to be called, but everyone at Tommy V's made sure to keep the incident low-key, so as to not upset the other diners & to insure we had our privacy & all our needs taken care of.  The whole incident was handled like a well orchestrated play.  Our continued thanks to Zoran & his entire staff for taking such compassionate care of us that night.If you like VERY good Italian food, please try this place & be sure to tell your friends. I hope your evening contains less drama than ours did, and that you leave as anxious to return as we are.
5	Michael (bartender) was fantastic; very helpful with food recommendations, very attentive and informative.  The food was delicious.  We had kobe beef sliders, cesar salad, bolognese pasta, and sea bass.  Everything was very good0, although as much as the bolognese was recommended, we might try something else next time.  We had the amaretto mousse for dessert - YUM.  The wine list has great selections, and we had a great time!  We'll be back.
4	Went here for lunch. Very modern and contemporary. Great service. They had an oval table that seats six. You don't see that too many places and was perfect for our business lunch. Their "happy hour" menu which is served all day is really just their "lunch menu," but a great selection nonetheless. I had the Panino Caprese ($9.50) which was more bread than mozzarella, prosciutto cotto, basil or tomato. A disapointment since the mozzarella and prosciutto on the Chef's Board were delicious. Plus it was very greasy. My colleagues had the Risotto with Artichokes ($9.50) and the Rigatoni al Ragu ($7.50) which they both really enjoyed. Service was top notch and decor was very inviting. I would definitely go back and try something else on the menu.
5	We went here with a group for my girlfriend's birthday and had nothing but great things to say about the place when we left.Upon arrival everyone on staff new it was her Birthday and promptly wished her a happy birthday before we even sat down. The menus, created just for our party also had her name on them with a celebratory theme. Sure its a small detail but the amount of effort they put in to make her feel special was truly top notch.On top of the amazing customer service the food was top notch and  well prepared. I recommend the Filet if your willing to spend the extra coin for it. Easily one of the best I've had in town.Overall, in case you can't already tell, this place earns its five star rating from me and I wouldn't hesitate to send anyone back here!
3	Based upon almost universal positive Yelp reviews, I had very high expectations for Tommy V's and was unfortunately disappointed.  The food was good, ambience was lovely, service was a tad slow but very earnest (he was very busy running around from table to table).The best dish of the night?grilled asparagus side - very good, tender and flavorfulanchovy, olive appetizer - good and tastypepper, cured meat plate - not bad, but doesn't taste like it is house-cured (wish it were)The entrees? A bit of a disappointmentSpaghetti with meat balls - this was the best dish. I think the pasta could be a little more al dente but the sauce was tasty and the meatballs were very tender. But "better than Mom's" - I think that is a stretch.Clams with Linguini - big disappointment. The dish comes piled with clams, but they are of the canned variety. The dish overall lacked flavor - could have used more olive oil, red pepper, garlic, clam flavor. Also could have used some parmesan cheesePasta Trio? The sage butter pasta was the best. The gnocchi was gummy - but isn't that what it always tastes like? (as you can see, not a big fan of gnocchi in general).The short ribs - meh, I have had much better. Very tender, but the sauce could have used a bit more red wine reduction and less salt.Cannoli dessert - okay (I've had better)Tiramisu - a bit too sweet for my liking.Pistachio ice cream was interesting, it was a log of pistachio ice cream coated with crushed pistachio nuts and chocolate then sliced and presented in slices on a plate.
5	Excellent meal! The pace was excellent. They did not rush you and food was served at the right time and temperature!
3	People were nice owner is cool service is good but it poser fine dining. Not high class. The end.
3	I am astounded by the crazy high rating for this restaurant. It is perfectly fine, but the selection is fairly limited, and my trio signature dish was adequate but not special.Service was a little awkward - friendly enough, but amateur. The waiter brought one diner's salad before her side dish, though she clearly ordered them together. Then it was a lengthy wait before anything else came out. This is but one example of things feeling a little off.Worst of all, something very bad had happened in the ladies' room that we felt compelled to inform management about. So maybe I just was suffering from a lost appetite.Fine, but I expected more.
4	Jimmy and I came here for dinner a few weeks back. The food was pretty delicious, but it was the service that really stood out.Food:Prince Edward Island Mussels - Butter, garlic, wine sauce plus mussles and crostini. How can you go wrong? Quite delectable.I had the Pasta Trio which has a sampling of the mushroom tortelli (excellent sauce!), spinach ricotta ravioli, and my favorite, the brie, asiago, brown butter gnocchi. (1 each of the tortelli and ravioli, and 5 or 6 gnocchi).J had the NY Steak which was covered in caramelized fennel, stewed tomatoes, and mascarpone cheese. His steak was ok, but I'm a minimalist when it comes to meat. I think the less toppings, the better. His steak had way too many flavors going on for my taste. He liked it though.Anyway...the service. For whatever reason, this was our first meal of the day (...it was 7:30pm), and both of us were very hungry. So when my food came, J was in shock as to how little of a plate it was and whether or not I would be content with just that. He asked our waitress to bring over a menu so we could look to order another appetizer. Within minutes of her bringing the menu, the manager (I believe he was the manager - I could be wrong, he might be the owner) comes over and wants to know if there's something wrong or if there's anything he can do. J explains that he did not realize the portion would be so little for my pasta and how he thinks I need to eat more food (which granted, I did), so he wants to order another appetizer. The manager/owner cuts in saying he would gladly get me more of whichever pasta I liked the best (with no additional charge), because he did not want anyone leaving unsatisfied with their meal.I picked the gnocchi and within a few minutes, a bowl of additional gnocchi was brought out to me. Hot, delicious, and tasty. And not to mention, the right amount for me to be content with my meal.The manager/owner came by again towards the end of our meal just to check up on things, and proceeded to chat it up with J about how he should come check out their bar area, where you can also order from the main menu, but still catch whatever game is on. I'm sure J will be returning for HH one of these days.I've eaten at many restaurants like this one, where the serving sizes are rather small, but I've come to accept that's just how these "trendy" types of restaurants are, and there's no getting around that. But rather than make the elaborate explanation/justification for why servings are so small, the manager/owner instead provided excellent customer service, which both of us found to be very refreshing.
4	Boom Susans! Came here for lunch the other day and have to admit I wasn't expecting much but left very impressed with old Tommy V here. The lunch menu is somewhat limited but everything is half price. If you work in the area and you do not come to this place at least once a week for lunch you are crazy. I had the smoked salmon bruschetta and the wife had the kobe beef stacks. Both were on point and the presentation heres is amazing, the food looked elegant and well thought out. It had the look and feel of a 5 star restaurant. The only reason this place did not get 5 stars was due to some minor lacking in the execution area. They give some good bread to start you off, but then they used the same bread for the bruschetta in the salmon dish. I personally feel that starter bread should only be used as a starter and nothing else, However this place was outstanding in every other aspect and I will be back!
2	Dining atmosphere was good, it has an urban trendy feel to it.  The food was hit and miss.  I was there with a date and ordered the lobster bisque (decent) and the appetizer pancetta wrapped shrimp.  Apparently from talking to the waiter the shrimp size "varies" depending on the day.  My day was small.  Three shrimp the size of a pea pod.  Tasty but not anything to come back for.  My date ordered the Chef's Platter and the pasta trio.  We had looked at past Yelp reviews and everyone said the trio was great.  My date said the platter and trio were both good but he didn't think the Salmonella poisoning he got afterwards was too wonderful.  Hopefully the staff reads this and takes care of the problem ASAP.
1	Seeing how the average rating of this place is 4 1/2 stars and I'm only giving it one star, makes me slightly reconsider my rating for a second -  am I just a super picky a-hole or is everyone else missing the queue here?  I'm going to go with the latter, although I'm going to say right now that my rating is based off of what we ordered.Came here for a big group birthday dinner, and I must say, the staff was very accommodating and patient.  That's half a star.  Now on to the food - I ordered the pasta trio and the boyfriend ordered the clams linguine.  Pasta trio - Basically a sample plate of three different pastas ( tortelli, gnocchi and ravioli.)  I wasn't expecting Lake Michigan portions, but I also didn't think my meal would be bite sized.  I'm not even exaggerating  - $19 dollar plate to feed an infant.  And it was mediocre.  I'd rather pop open a can of CHEF BOY R D and squirt some Sriracha on top.  Clams Linguine - If you want to know how this tastes and you happen to live near near the ocean, jump in it and swallow the water - and try to get some clams in there too if you can.  The dish was sodium overload, although clam count was abundant.  I'd rather eat at Olive Garden.  Yeah it's a chain and it's not hip and trendy and lots of  old people frequent it, but its a safe bet vs paying 50 + for a meal and then paying another 15 for Filibertos cause you leave starving, still.
5	If I could give Tommy V's 10 stars I would. The 1st day in Old Town we ate crapp for lunch and dinner, and paid through the nose. Then we bumped into Tommy's, and have been having lunch and dinner there every day since. The food is perfect, the staff unreasonably attentive, the prices are right (especially all day happy hour).Peaceful ambience (no loud musak), great patio for lunch, loads of iced water.Hazelnut and foraged mushroom risotto you couldn't beat in Tuscany at 10x the priceThe Ceasar's are better than any in Rome.The guys who give this negative reviews need their heads and rear ends examined.
5	Five stars: great food, service, prices. Get the grilled prawn risotto and go to heaven!
4	02/07/12Met up w/ Violeta for happy hour today, and what a nice change in atmosphere from former Cafe Carumba's!  I really liked the all-glass wine closet display behind the host's desk- what a nice touch!  Cool indoor atmosphere/vibe, as well.  I wouldn't mind spending more happy hours here in the future.I was hungry and thirsty, so I ordered two apps, the short rib sliders and roasted butternut squash ravioli w/ brown butter sage sauce, and a glass of their white wine blend, which had a bit of moscato in it.  Everything was very good!  I'd order all three again, most definitely.  Especially the ravioli and the glass of white blend.  :DHmm... I'm thinking another happy hour here is going on my calendar soon!
4	The massive outdoor patio is a great place to settle in for a solid italian meal.  The menu is pretty large, and after getting over the initial disappointment that they were out of the item I had picked out, I settled on the shrimp risotto.  It was a really nice dish, although it wasn't quite so much of a risotto as some deliciously seasoned and grilled jumbo shrimp atop a bed of savory herbed rice with lemon (it was long grain, not arborio, and wasn't creamy enough to be risotto).Also of note here: the wine list!  Extremely impressive selection, and reasonably priced, with a ton of good values.  The calamari is solid as well.
5	Bueno!We had a very enjoyable experience at this restaurant. We didn't have a reservation but they had a high table available immediately for us which worked fine for us.Bread and water were brought to the table promptly and a quick explanation of what specials were available that evening. Friendly welcoming staff is always a plus to me.We had the kobe beef meatballs which tasted great but basically a meatball to me!The manila clam linguine was very light tasting and you do get loads of clams. All in all, it was very easy to eat. If that's what you are after then you can't go wrong with this dish.I had the veal which was also excellent. Complemented excellently with vegetables and mash. Yummy.Thanks!
5	It was our last night in town and Mom wanted to take us out for a nice dinner. After pouring over listings of dozens (maybe hundreds!) of restaurants, we decided to try Tommy V's.  It turned out to be a very good choice.  We ordered the Santa Cristina Sangiovese 2009 for our wine selection, which was excellent (looking at reviews of this wine, some really liked it, others said ho hum.  We were very pleased with it, maybe it has improved over the past 6 months?).  From there, we each tried a different salad.  All three of them (Caesar, Wedge, and Chopped) were excellent.  My wife and I both had the Tommy's Amazing Homemade Pasta Trio of home made pastas, which were very flavorful.  I cold have eaten a couple more each of the tortelli and ravioli for the price, but the flavor of each of the three (spinach ravioli, portabella tortelli and brie/asiago/butter-sage gnochi) was absolutely excellent.  Mom had the shrimp and risotto, which was also excellent.  We finished off sharing the canoli, which was good, and some espresso.  Overall, the service was attentive (VERY important to me), our waiter, Hernan, was a really great guy and provided friendly, excellent service.  We will be back.
4	Excellent pasta. Try the eggplant ravioli. extensive wine list
4	Ate outside the weather was perfect as was the service. Great wine list, good by the glass selections. Try the pasta selections...fettuccine bolognase was special.
5	Tremendous value! The food and service are superb and the check was a nice surprise. The atmosphere is modern and sophisticated, but attire is casual - a great spot for a date night.
5	Went to Tommy V's yesterday after a spring training game with a friend.  LOVED IT!!  Amazing! Will for sure be going back and taking new peeps to try it out.
4	Had a great lunch out on the patio today with co-workers. I ordered the caprese panino, which was a tad light on the meat, but was tasty. The tiramisu and canolis were great! Service was fast, very friendly, and more than supportive of us helping celebrate a co-worker's b-day. All in all a good experience.
5	Excellent service. Excellent food. We sat out on the patio and we seated immediately on Friday at 7 pm. Our server was very attentive and gave suggestions for entrees and appetizers. The bread they give you was so delicious I ate a whole loaf myself. We also had calamari and i loved it. It was my birthday and they made me feel special by bringing my dessert. Tiramisu was delicious. We want to bring our friends here! Met the owner and he is a very nice guy.
4	Ate here on 4/5. Came over from shopping in Scottsdale and arrived early (6pm) without reservation. Were seated in the large outdoor patio. Offered both the dinner menu and the happy hour menu, which had limited selections. Ordered off both. Found both the service and food to be excellent. Had several glasses of an Italian red that was on the happy hour menu - very reasonably priced and quite good.
3	The service was excellent and I love how there's plenty of parking there.The complimentary bread and oil/vinegar dip was very good, crusty on the outside while warm and soft on the inside. We got the smoked salmon bruschetta and the bacon cheese burger off the happy hour menu.  The salmon tasted like it was food quality and freshly smoked, however it was very salty. The olives were  even saltier. Towards the end of the platter, even sharing between two people, the dish was hard to enjoy. We even started picking off the olives and eating a lot of the garnish greens on the plate to help.The burger looked great, served on ciabatta bread with the perfect amount and slice thickness of tomato and onion.  The only complaint I had was that my medium burger was a bit extra charred on parts of the outside and the bread was burned in one corner.  So about a quarter of the burger tasted like a brick of coal.We ordered tiramisu for dessert. It was actually pretty good and well portioned.  Of course it was $7 so it ought to be!All in all, i'm not sure I'd be too excited about going back. I might go one more time to try a pasta dish, maybe that's their specialty?  I was a little disappointed because the reviews were so great and the food looked delicious upon presentation. The prices don't allow for much room less than perfection.
5	In a word.....Divine!My colleague and I always choose something a bit more upscale on our last dinner in town on business trips and we were very happy with our choice to dine at Tommy V's. The wine selection to start was good and had some "off-the-beaten-path" choices. The plates were equally wonderful. My colleague is a sucker for pasta and therefore chose the Carbonara. I had a taste and thought it was very nice. Not as creamy as Carbonara is usually served on the East Coast but really nice. Very flavorful and just a tad lighter than normal. I had the Sea bass and it was very tasty with the lentils.The service was good and the premises very clean and attractive. Looking forward to return trips to the area so I can enjoy this restaurant again.Enjoy!
5	Have a co-worker in from Denver-has read my blog and wanted to take another co-worker and wife to dinner.  I suggested Tommy V's.  We went last night and Chef Doug out did himself again!  Amazing.  We ordered a bottle of Nativa Carmenere Reserva, Curico Valley, Chile **Organic and Crostino Di Prosciutto Toasted bread capped with prosciutto & melted mozzarela sprinkled with fresh sage and Mozzarella Caprese Fresh Mozzarella, Vine-Ripened Tomatoes, Basil, EVOO Drizzle to start.  AMAZING!!!  SO YUMMY!!For dinner 3 of us had the Grilled Shrimp Risotto Corn, Preserved Lemon and Snipped Herbs and 1  had Tommy's Amazing Homemade Pasta Trio - Tortelli Wild Mushroom, Portobello Mascarpone, Ravioli Spinach Ricotta Truffle and Gnocchi, Brie, Asiago Cheese, Brown Butter Sage Sauce.And for dessert we had the limoncello sorbet and the chocolate tartufo.  Chef Doug - you are truly a rockstar!  Love, love, loved dinner last night!Thank you again for coming out and chatting with us.  You know I just like getting you out of the kitchen ;)Can't wait to go back with the girls and do a girls night out!
5	Just simply excellent- really friendly staff, simple and spacious atmosphere, and the food- yum, yum, yum.  We had the beat salad- very flavorful, The trio of pasta- so many delicious flavors, but not overwhelming, and the capellini was a little bit of heaven if heaven were a perfect pasta.  Highly recommend.
5	I have been to Tommy V's a couple times before and have always enjoyed my time there.  This past weekend I decided to celebrate my birthday with a large group of friends at Tommy V's, and the restaurant was fantastic to us.They have a large room at the back of the restaurant for large groups, which is where we were seated on saturday.  I love the room because there is curtain that closes it off from the rest of the restaurant, which provides a nice level of privacy.  When I walked to my table, I noticed that they printed out personalized menus for me, wishing me happy birthday!  I have never had that done for me before, and it was such a great gesture, made it instantly special for me.As always the food was fantastic, and all my friends enjoyed their meals.  The service though, was impeccable.  The waiter was charismatic, and accommodating to my friends, even going above and beyond to make us happy.  I highly recommend Tommy V's if you have a large group dinner, or want to celebrate a special event, you won't regret it.
3	First time there the other night.  Friday night, not very crowded for 7:30pm.  We were shown to a table in what looked like a back room - the table was not set, there was just a tablecloth and that was it.  The room is to the right as you walk in.  There were only 2 other tables in there and the windows were covered (no view) - it was weird so I immediately asked to be seated in the main part of the restaurant.  Decor seemed 'cheap' - just my initial impression.  Food was pretty good.  Pancetta wrapped shrimp app was good; Service was good.  Entrees were pretty good - Chicken Parm, Fettucine Bolognese all tasty, but not sure I would go back.  Caesar salad was a bit disappointing...asked for anchovies on the side - never delivered.
5	This place is beautiful, great patio with classic decor.  Went to Happy hour...of course and had a few glasses of wine and  yummy calamari.  Service was off the charts!  We were sitting on the patio...a little hot and Schwetty...and the server kept moving the umbrellas to shade up as the sun set...WOW!
3	My love for Tommy V's skills to impress customers is balanced out with their over-eagerness to be snobby as shit at all times, thus averaging out to an A-OK review.The pros about this place include decent food and great management. Since my party of 20 was there for a bday party, we were given a back-room private table with menus specially printed out for the bday girl. Incredibly thoughtful and very surprising. To top it off, the owner/manager came back twice to check on us and thank us for coming which was very very kind of him. In terms of food, I thought it was decent (nothing foodgasmic) but it had the potential to be better if the server didn't spend 2 hours of my time hyping the dish to oblivion. The eggplant torte I ordered was basically a 3-layer eggplant Parmesan with a side of 4 small butternut squash stuffed raviolis. Pretty tasty sounding, right? Well, according to our server, it was their most spectacular dish on the menu, big enough to feed a family of 20 and made up for 20 layers of eggplant excreted from Zeus himself accompanied with gold raviolis that could have only come from Jesus himself. Don't get me wrong, my favorite meal (probably on earth) is pumpkin-filled ravioli, but not when it comes barely luke-warm and served with a side of ego and annoyances. The prices are steep but pretty well expected for a fancy schmancy place in Old town with low lighting and italian-jersey servers. The cocktails were ok (a little watery in my opinion) and the wine selection was pretty satisfactory. The bday experience was amazing for the bday girl, which at the end of the day, is all that matters. Right? Right.
4	The food here is flavorful and well presented.  The whole menu is thoughtful and consistent .  The decor is clean and minimal.   It's a bit modern and cold and the Italian movie star posters in the back are a bit cheesy.  The service is attentive but nothing special.  It doesn't seem like the waitstaff is especially well trained in knowing the menu and how to present it to customers. Also, the restaurant is really big and never seems to look full.  The owner is really nice and attentive to the customers.
5	We weren't hungry, so we split our meal. Our waiter was very helpful and provided excellent service. My lentil garbanzo spinach soup was wonderful. The spaghetti and meatballs were terrific, better than homemade. Will definitely go back.
5	Dinner last night was my first visit here and it totally rocked!  The risotto with shrimp is a "must have" if you're a shrimp or risotto fan.  My friend and I split the dish and they added an extra shrimp so that we would each have the same amount!!!!Pear salad was great and the spaghetti and meatballs were awesome as well.  My boyfriend had the lentil soup and while I'm not a fan, he raved about it also!
5	Amazing food. Great date night place with an impressive wine list.  Definitely come her again and more often.
3	Spacious, clean place.  Friendly people.  Delicious warm bread and Beverage glasses kept full.  My companions really liked the red snapper special and spaghetti and meatballs .  Both stated it was very flavorful.  I ordered Manila clams with linguine. The dish had lots of  mussels but was bland.  Linguine was cooked perfectly Al Dente.  I tend to like food spicy so I cannot say the dish was poorly made.  I would come back but this place is not the top of my list.
4	I've been a big fan of Tomaso's since I was a teenager so was happy to try Tommy V's.  The Italian food here tastes authentic and delicious.  They have a large wine list.  I feel the only difference between Tommy V's and Tomaso's really is the decor.  Tomaso's has that old school Italian restaurant vibe.  Tommy V's has a modern contemporary interior with a few pictures of girls on the walls where all you can focus on are their boobs.  It was kinda funny that all three of us at dinner noticed it.I had the eggplant torta and butternut squash ravioli.  The eggplant torta tasted to me like eggplant parmesan but in a lasagna type shape.  The butternut squash ravioli was divine.  I would love if I could just have a giant bowl of that!We made reservations, but being that it was a Thursday night in the summer, they weren't really necessary.  Their prices pretty much start at $15 and go up.  I noticed they have a decent happy hour menu if you are a bargain eater.  This would be a fantastic date spot, but sit inside.  The patio would probably be nice during the day with friends, but there's nothing romantic about sharing a bottle of wine in front of the Grapevine and a parking lot.Great Italian and great atmosphere!
5	Great food, great wine, great service and a chef willing to give you what you want and not what he wants to give you. My wife and I live in Old Town at least seven months a year and we love the great restaurants in Old Town. However, we feel that Tommy V's is special.The servers are very knowledgeable, very helpful and willing to help you through the menu. We find ourselves walking to Tommy V's at least two times a week and we truly have never, ever had an average meal--they have all been outstanding.Moreover, the wine list is impressive and very reasonable, as is the food. A great value for high levels of quality food. All that in a very warm and welcoming space. It feels good to be there!Try it we think you will be as impressed as are we.John and Judy from Michigan
4	Very exceptional Italian restaurant in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale! We unexpectedly ended up here on the evening before July 4th and had a great meal. Happy hour goes until 6:30 and is very reasonable with $5 glasses of wine, and inexpensive well drinks. The wine menu was expansive, I enjoyed a good merlot and white from Chile.  We started with the mozz bruchetta, and it was served traditionally, with pieces of mozz mixed in. This was on happy hour as well. For dinner, we got two plates, the eggplant forte, and also the butternut squash raviolis, which was on the super happy hour portion of the menu. Both dishes were deliciously delicate and you could tell they made the ravioli dough in house. The service was also stand-out and I think the owner is the one who sat us, I respected how he was helping the waiters get tables sat and involved in his restaurant, that's probably one of the reasons why everything about the restaurant was exceptional, with attention-to-detail. We will definitely be back.
4	So this week we find ourselves at Tommy V's Urban Kitchen for a classy-upscale Happy Hour and just for the occasion we even dressed up! Did I mention we have a great looking crew! Tommy V's took great care of us and started us out right with a few bottles of wine on the table, they know the way to our hearts! But that doesn't mean we are easy, nope!The Crostino Di Prosciutto, Toasted Bread capped with prosciutto & melted mozzarela sprinkled with fresh sage was simply delish! A big fan of prosciutto, this definitely didn't disappoint and almost resulted in a fork to a hand as the crew fought over the last piece.Another favorite was the Mozzarella Caprese,  which features Fresh Mozzarella, Vine-Ripened Tomatoes, Basil, and an Extra Virgin Olive Oil Drizzle. It is a perfect compliment to a glass of wine, or two, and is definitely a good choice for the summer! I know it's hard to eat when it's over 100 but not having to give up taste, makes it easier!Read the entire review here.... http://schmoozeaz.com/blog/?p=701
5	Love the creativity here. Great happy hour menu, and as well great menu all around. Great atmosphere, clean, modern. The staff was very accommodating to my father in a wheelchair as well. Food was A+, absolutely no complaints and I had a few different dishes on the menu. Even gluten-free pasta marinara was very good and flavorful.
5	What can I say other than WOW! We so enjoy our dining experience at Tommy V's Urban Kitchen, that we chose to introduce our friends to this fabulous restaurant this past Saturday night. As we entered we were given a warm reception from Zoran, the owner & main person who greets you entering, who then escorted us to the bar for a wonderful bottle of champagne, from there we moved to the dining area to a nice quite table for 4. Our entire dining experience was fabulous, starting with the Caprese appetizer right into our entrees of salads and pasta. The service, food and ambiance speak volumes. I can honesty say their are very few places in Scottsdale that deliver the whole package like Tommy V's Urban Kitchen. I recommend this location to any one looking for a great place for dinner, entertaining client or a great place to hang with friends, you will not be disappointed!
5	Great food at good prices...Excellent service also
5	Tommy V in Scottsdale was awesome last night!!! I had been there a few times before and the food is always great.  Our waiter, Chris, was very knowledgeable.  I did not know this, but they had a jazz band last night.  Chris said they might have the band on weekends.  I would definately return to this place.
5	We hosted our rehearsal dinner here in June, and the service was exceptional.  The owner (manager?) Zoran met with us earlier in the week, and we were able to custom create our event menu with him.  The night of the event went perfectly.  As it is the slow season, he shut down half of the restaurant for us to hold a coctail hour, and as our 30 guests arrived, we shuffled into the banquet room. Everyone had a full glass the entire evening, the food was fantastic all the way around, and the service could not have been better.  They were especially attentive to our table (bride and groom and our families).  I'm no longer in the foodservice industry, but having served many years, I can say with confidence that Zoran and his crew have found the perfect balance of science and art in their large party service.
4	I might have jumped the gun with my initial 5-star rating.  While I'm still a big fan, I've had a few disappointments.  Some of the dishes have been excellent, but a few just average.  The pan seared salmon was really nothing special and the flavors in the accompanying risotto were inconsistent, like one bite was great, the next bland.  My husband ordered the osso bucco, but there was so much sauce the risotto was more like a soup.  I might not have dinged a star if it weren't for a hostess that seats the only four parties in an otherwise empty restaurant right next to each other.  I don't get it.But I do love their short rib grilled cheese and the risotto carbonara among other things.  Still one of my favorite places.
5	Perfect restaurant for one of my fave gal's bachelorette party dinner. Five stars across the board for location, ambiance, service, and food// LOCATION // Downtown Scottsdale// SERVICE // Top Notch. Hernand was the waiter for our party and seeing +10 hungry patrons did not faze him one bit. He was on point with everything and even had time to crack jokes and be our photographer for the evening. When our friend asked to pack up some of the table bread we had left over, the waiters whisked away the bread baskets and instead wrapped up a fresh loaf and a huge container full of butter for her to take home. Service was perfect perfect perfect.// FOOD //      + Homemade Pasta Trio: One of my fave pasta dishes ever.         -Mushroom tortelli: I love mushrooms in my pasta and this sauce was in an amazing savory sauce         -Spinach and ricotta ravioli: Amazing, especially b/c I'm a sucker for veggie ravioli.         -Gnocchi: Soft, plump, and delishAmazing dining experience in our intimate private dining room. Can't wait to come back and try some of their other dishes, including one of their many seafood options.
4	Great service. Awesome wait staff!  Food was good but a bit salty for my personal taste. Lobster bisque, short ribs, linguini with clams and the calamari  were delicious!  But the price is not $$. More like $$$
5	I don't know where to start.  This place has amazing food and service.  The look of this restaurant reminds me of European restaurants.  Not fussy,and the decor has clean lines.  Our waiter Luis was wonderful!!  Luis made a great wine suggestion and was able to answer all questions as this was our first visit.   We started with the chopped salad which twas split for us.  The homemade bread served with olive oil was warm and tasty.  The gnocchi 3 types - , brie, asiago cheese and mushroom with a brown butter sage sauce was pure unadulterated heaven!  The Bucatini Amatriciana was outstanding.  All the pasta's are organic and homemake.  We finished the evening with cannoli where were freshly made and very good.  Next time I am in the Scottsdale area I will be dining there again.
5	On Friday the "Friends of the Orphans" sponsored a fundraiser dinner here.Everyone really enjoyed themselves--the food and wine were great---Zoran, Chris, Tim and Taber were more than accomodating--all enjoyed the various pastas, fried calamari (with a great variety of sauces), and fish. Also, on weekends there is life music, which makes for great atmosphere.
5	I have been a fan of Tommy Vs since they opened.  I always look forward to my next visit.  Whether it's happy hour or dinner, each time it's a treat.  There are many fabulous choices to choose from.  Everything on the menu is delicious and consistent from what one might expect from this upscale restaurant.  The staff is friendly and professional and Zoran the General Manager makes sure your visit is a positive one.  If you haven't been to any of the wine dinners, you need to sign up for the next one because you won't be disappointed.  The amount of delicious food that is served to the fine selection of good wine, the customer's satisfaction is their #1 priority.  We went with a group of friends and everyone enjoyed the wine dinner, the restaurant and the staff.  They immediately asked when the next one will be and have dined there in between.  Love the food and the atmosphere.  All good and fun!  Never a complaint!  Check it out.
3	Great Service. Great Food. I didn't feel it is a must-have, but it was delish.
5	Being a picky eater, it is quite difficult to find a restaurant that WANTS to make you happy. Here, at Tommy V's, they truly want to make you feel at home. Everything I ask for exceeded what I wanted. It was unbelievable delicious. I come back whenever I can to the smiling, warm restaurant that is Tommy V's.
5	Had my bachelorette party dinner here! Must trys: TRIO. Trio was amazing!!! Gnocchi was so soft and pillowy, filled with perfect brie and covered in brown butter sauce. Mushroom ravs were crazy good. Service is beyond amazing! I absolutely loved our waiter Hernand. He was funny and entertaining, but had the special skill of knowing when to gracefully bow out and when to return with refills. Upon leaving, one of my girls asked for the bread to go and they packed us a whole new loaf and a full on stick of butter. Great place for large parties. We had the back part of the restaurant to ourselves, it closed off with adorable curtains and made us feel like we were in a world of our own- which is great because we are one loud group of beezies. hLove!Yummilicious Factor = A
5	Awesome Italian food! One of my Scottsdale favorites, Tommy V's has a great staff, wine list and consistently delicious food. Love the new fried Burrata and the calamari is a must. They also have a good happy hour menu with small plates to share. They do live music on the weekends- great spot for a date or night out with friends!
4	A very good restaurant - nice menu; good wine list.  In towns other than center-city Scottsdale where the competition is very steep this would be a five star location.  Inside can be noisy, but the outside seating is large and pleasant. Wait staff is very good.  For Scottsdale it is a good value in above-average dining.
4	Went last night for Restaurant Week. I had the risotto carbonara, Chicken Marsala and Gelato for dessert. All were great. Wife had the Pear salad, Red Snapper and it was great also. Server was helpful and accomadating to special requests. Very attentive, helpful. Took the kids and they fixed them whatever they wanted (buttered noodles, etc). Had a nice Pinot Noir bottle that was reasonably priced. Will definitely return.
4	Very good carpaccioAverage Trio PastaVery good service
5	I went to Tommy V's for dinner last night with my husband and several of his clients...WOW!  This is my new favorite restaurant in town!  They have a private dining area that they can close off with curtains and turn the music off, which is perfect for a business dinner.  I am vegan, one of his clients is doing the paleo diet, and another is gluten free, and they had DELICIOUS options for all of us, while also serving AMAZING pasta and fish dishes to others at the table.  I can't recommend this restaurant enough.  I am just sorry I haven't discovered it earlier.  YUM! YUM! YUM!  P.S.  Very cool atmosphere, too!
5	After spending eleven hours in the car driving the last thing I wanted to do is go out for dinner. Tommy V's was directly across the street from our hotel and was convenient to our needs so that's how we choose Tommy V's. I got to tell you this place has got some of the best service I have ever had, and that is a hard rating to get from me considering how I was feeling that night. Everything was cooked to perfection, had wonderful flavor. I can tell you that we did not make it easy on them either, my wife and I split everything during this meal and they split everything to perfection and without complaint. This place went above and beyond to accommodate us, I went from beyond grumpy to relaxed and pleased when we left. My wife and I split the the Pasta Trio and a Romaine Wedge salad, everything came on two separate plates and and I am sure they bumped up the portions sizes to accommodate us splitting the plates. The Pasta Trio had wonderful flavor and texture, the wild mushroom ravioli was my favorite. They had a fantastic little jazz band trio playing, I just fell in love with this place, lots of room, not too load, great ambiance, and fantastic service.
5	Had a fantastic experience! Hernan, our server was excellent. Knowledgable and charming. The food was fantastic. The chefs selection meat and cheese tray was insane. Crazy flavor. Well done!
5	Great food and service.  We had a great time
5	This place is absolutely delicious!!! I loved the Stetson salad - couscous, roma tomatoes, corn, arugula, smoked salmon, cheese, black currant topped with a basal pesto dressing. Their gnocchi was delicious as well! But what I absolutely enjoyed with their SERVICE!! It was a 10 star service that exceed above and beyond the expectations of even the restaurant each self. Our server even offered to switch out any plates we didn't like since it was our first time there. Their decor was a very warm dining room kind of feeling - dim lights, dark cherrywood tables and chairs. I'ld go back just to be treated like a princess!
5	Tommy Vs killed it last nite!!  Had a surprise birthday party for my wife and we had 11 for dinner.  Zoran and his staff so took care of us, had menus printed saying Happy Birthday Candy, set us up n private room and had the best staff waiting on us.  We all ordered something different inc apps and literally everything was great. Anytime we're n Scottsdale Tommy Vs will b a must do.  Thanx for making this a memory maker!
5	We got late (for LA) into Scottsdale.  Here things just started to pick up...Our waiter was very helpful.  Really tried to male us happy and even said that.. Explained the menu and also told us he can make any thing we want (my wife likes to have her options...).We ended up with fantastic house bread, very tasty salad, great veil Milanese!, spaghetti meat balls from great Kobe beef.Dessert was a bit disappointing but is was part of a special week deal. The price was also much cheaper that we have paid at home.
2	This is one of those restaurant ratings that makes me question the palate of some yelpers.  I'm quite the food snob, and a bit of an amateur gourmet cook (make my own pastas/sauces/breads/ice creams), so if I eat out, the food should best my abilities in some way.  This place simply did not live up to anything near its 5 star yelp rating in any dimension other than its excellent service.  Let me say that again:  Service was excellent.  Waitstaff was very attentive, and the owner was extremely friendly as well.  5 stars for this part of the experience.Now the food.  The prices struck me as being too low for the area.  $26 for filet/$17 for homemade pasta seemed cheap to my eyes for dinner.  Turns out I was right.  I'd bet a fair amount of $$ that this place started with the best intentions and good quality ingredients, but the owner has cut prices and ingredient quality because he cannot figure out what's wrong with the restaurant given such high yelp reviews but poor customer turnout (Place was very quiet on a Saturday night at 8pm in spite of a great jazz band.).  Case in point:  my girlfriend's filet was nowhere near a USDA prime or even a choice cut.  I'd guess it was a select cut or a 'no roll' piece of meat similar to what's used at a chain steakhouse.  On top of that, the steak wasn't seasoned at all--no salt or fresh pepper.  It was dreadful.I ordered the citrus "prawns" and lobster ravioli.  The prawns were clearly shrimp, and not even big shrimp:  I'd guess they were 15/20 shrimp at best; nowhere near 10/15 shrimp, and they were definitely not prawns.  Shrimp were also overcooked and flavorless and were cooked via boiling water rather than seared a la minute.  Ravioli texture was great, but filling was mediocre.  Sauce was OK, but didn't seem to be thickened via a typical method (butter or cream).  My guess is that the sauces are premade in the morning and they found butter-thickened sauces would break on them.Calamari appetizer was not seasoned, was bland, and overcooked.  Calamari were chewy and the tomato sauce served to accompany it was meh.All in all, the relatively cheap food prices + poor quality of ingredients + shrimp masquerading as "prawns" in my dish convinced me the owner probably started with very high ingredient quality and higher prices, but has lowered his price point and ingredient quality to try to spur demand.  I'm guessing he didn't do well, though, even with the best ingredients because the chef in the kitchen clearly isn't the best and doesn't know how to season food.  Nothing I ate had even a modicum of salt on it.If the owner fired the chef and brought in someone new, raised the prices and the ingredient quality, he'd have a winning establishment.  I only hope he reads this review because it's clear he's trying his best, is a very affable fellow, and I genuinely want him to succeed.
3	I was a bit dissapoint about this place considering all the reviews here on yelp.  I found the place pretty mediocre.  The look and feel of the restaurant was fine.  Definitely a great place to meet some friends or bring a date.  The food though was lackluster.  We started out with the calamari, which had good breading, but was overcooked.  Actually, either overcooked, or they weren't using fresh ingredients.  I also had the pasta trio, which was alright, but not the mind blowing experience I was expecting from the reviews.  The wild mushroom ravioli was good, but I didn't care much for the other two types of pasta.  My friend had the Cioppino which was on special, and that looked pretty good.  I'll probably stay away from this place.
4	Fantastic food! Had drinks & apps at the bar with a friend. A couple great IPA offerings. I am not a big calamari person, but the stewed calamari was outstanding, definitely recommend! Also had a mozzarella caprese which was good. It's a quiet bar, the Sunday night NFL game was playing on the TVs so wouldn't recommend it for game watching, but great place for a date.
5	Last night I just wanted a quick bite. Being a regular cutomer, I went to Tommy V. To my surprise my bartener, Tabor, recommended a special for the evening. It was called Choppio Frutta di Mare--absolutely delicious--the fish was so fresh. They usually dont have specials, so I was estatic to enjoy something so different and awesome. I hope they continue to have more specials.
5	I first visited this restaurant shortly after it opened.  I have since returned several times and must say that I have consistently received the same service and quality of food - extraordinary!  They seem to always be committed to ensuring not only 100% customer satisfaction, but that every experience is an exceptional one.  I was so impressed that I felt compelled to write my first Yelp review.  The server was perhaps a little hard to understand (only if you don't speak fluent Italian), but he was extremely friendly and really only added to the culture and atmosphere of the restaurant.We started with the Fried Burrata.  Delicious!  This is a great starter or even the perfect nosh while you sip their fine selection of wines.Moving on to dinner...  I am convinced that they have the best Chicken Piccata in town, but they had a Lamb Chop special with Mushroom Risotto on Friday night, so I had both!  The Lamb was done to perfection - very tender.For dessert they brought me some of the best Tiramisu I've ever had and we finished the night with the traditional Limoncello.Definitely a must try if you are looking for a quality dining experience in the Scottsdale area!
5	Perfect meal in a perfect setting.
4	Best of the night: mussels, especially the broth. Also great was crispy pancetta wrapped shrimp. Pasta trio was outstanding - all house made.  The carpaccio was not good. Service was good. Atmosphere dead... It's a Monday night, but still we were the only ones there after 9pm.
2	A rare miss yelpers.The restaurant is is nice on the inside, and has a very cordial staff. The service is executed well, although food and beverage knowledge was lacking. The worst part was the food. The Chefs Board appetizer advertised a chef's selection of meats and cheeses, but  turned out to be a grocery store sampler. The beet salad was really a mixed greens salad with a side of depressed beets; hardly enough to name the salad after it. The chopped salad had the same dressing as the beet salad, wasn't chopped, and was poorly constructed. The "Housemade organic pasta" selections sounded excellent, but one dish was worst than the next. The shrimp risotto featured dried shrimp on top of overly-peppered, dried out risotto. The chef's trio of pasta was mediocre. Had to pass on dessert given our experience so far.I Yelp a lot, but dont write many reviews. I spent two days in the Phoenix area, and looked up all of my dining choices on Yelp. I went to The Arrogant Butcher downtown for dinner(fantastic) and Vovomeena for brunch(also fantastic). This place, however, does not deserve 4 1/2 stars. I wish I had my $90 back.
1	We came here the night before our marathon after looking at the reviews and then seeing they made fresh pasta.  We were excited as we walked in. The place has a cool look and our server was nice. Negative 1 - there was absolutely no hot tea selection and the server had no idea what tea they had. I usually never get tea but decided to this time. The tea was some cheap brand and was presented completely unorganized.Negative 2 - the chop salad is not chopped and its more like a side salad on a large plate.Negative 3 - the beat salad was more of a greens salad with some sorry looking off colored beets on the side. The salad tasted like one big bite.Negative 4 - the meat and cheese plate that says a selection of such is not so. We received to thin slices of salume and two thin slices of prosciutto. The cheese was cheese sticks and the majority of the plate was veggies. The artichokes were the best on the plate.Negative 5 - the so called house made pasta is either not house made or the cooks in back do not know how to cook pasta. We got risotto with shrimp and the shrimp was so over cooked that is was inedible.  Then we got the trio of pastas. Tasted like generic microwaved pasta. And was like mush. We didn't finish either plate.Negative 6 - we didn't want to attempt dessert and i wanted it!!!This place lacks any food luster. We were so disappointed and bummed. We couldn't figure out how we spent $90. I suggest, if you must go to just go to the bar.I gave them one star because of the artichokes and our water glasses were never empty. In conclusion, this place is just not good.
5	Took my girlfriend here for a date and to her dismay convinced her to post up at the bar. Beautiful granite bar top and nice decor. I ordered the 'ciopino' which was one of their specials and it was amazing. I consider myself a ciopino expert and this rivaled my all time favorite from the Fish Market in San Diego. Resonably priced wine list, great service, great food, will def be back.
5	Never posted a review, but we had an excellent dinner at Tommy V's. Great ambiance, professional waiter who was there when needed but didn't hover, owner who visited table. Nice, well organized wine list and really nice menu. I had pasta trio which was excellent and husband had spaghetti and meatballs - he said probably best meatballs he has ever had. We split lemon pie. Delicious - not too sweet. Highly recommend.Pam and WarrenEvergreen,CO
4	Great service, good food, when our group of Downtown Ambassadors met here last night. Plenty of room for our twenty people and no loud music to stop our conversations. I had the Kobe beef on pancakes listed on the Happy Hour menu, which incidentally lasts from 11:30 a.m. To 6:00 p.m. It was excellent and tasty. Good selection to choose from.
3	I have to say I was disappointed. We arrived there on a weekend night. The staff were extremely nice. We were seated and served very promptly.The service starts with delicious bread. It is served with a dip made of vinegar and oil. (no butter if you have to wonder, and we did not ask for some).Cocktail drinks were great and again, we had the best service. Very prompt on refilling drinks, food and wine (they have a great wine menu).The issue seemed to be the food. We first ordered mussels. They were cooked well, but were a little fishy. You decide.The veal Milanese was very forgetful and and heavy. The way it was cooked must have hid the unique taste of veal. The others in the group had same issues with their meal.  However, their sides are amazing. The sausage were to die for and their Kobe beef meat balls are also fantastic.The atmosphere is classy and awesome. If I were to come again, I will stick with the sides :)
5	I booked a table for a party of 8 with one of our party needing gluten free choices. I got a call the night before our dinner from the owner who called to assure me that they would make sure every need was met. It was. The food was great. The service was not only great but fun as well. I would recommend this place to anyone who asked.
4	I came here with my husband and parents to celebrate my birthday.  We arrived a little earlier than our reservation time, but the restaurant was not busy at all yet, so they seated us promptly.  We started with the Crostino Di Proscuitto and the Fried Calamari.  The Crostino was just okay - I felt like I could have done a better job making it at home.  The calamari was good - they were not overbreaded and had a nice light fry to make the batter crunchy, but not make the calamari rubbery. My family members then ordered the veal, pasta trio, and eggplant torta with butternut squash ravioli.  Everyone seemed to like their meal.  I had a bite of the butternut squash ravioli and thought it was really tasty.  I had ordered a sea bass, which was unfortunately not a good piece of fish.  After my first bite I knew it was a piece of bad fish, and was not about to eat the rest and be sick on my birthday.  The lentil side that came with the fish was AMAZING, so it was unfortunate to get such a bad piece of fish.  However, as soon as the chef was notified that I had received some bad fish, he came out personally, took it away, apologized and discussed what I would like as a replacement.  I ended up not wanting to chance another piece of fish, so I ordered the hazelnut risotto.  It was really great, and I have no complaints about it and would order it again in a heartbeat!  The chef came out after that and checked on us repeatedly to make sure we were all satisfied with our meals.  He also went above and beyond and served us all with a 4 course sampling of desserts, which was a wonderful birthday treat and his way of apologizing for the fish.  The staff was great and I appreciated the the chef was so dedicated to making it a good birthday for me. I will definitely be back to try out some more of Tommy V's offerings.
5	We recently celebrated my friend's 50th birthday at Tommy V's and it was AMAZING! We had a private room with an outside patio. We were able to have appetizers and drinks outside, then made our way inside for our dinner. The staff was so attentive to our needs and went overboard to make sure we were happy and content. We met with the owner in advance and picked our menu with 3 dinner options. I had the salmon and it was delicious.I would highly recommend Tommy V's for any occasion. The food and the service were both outstanding!!
4	I'm wrestling between 3 and 4 stars, but they had a live band playing Frank Sinatra and that's just damn romantical [yes I know I made that word up], so it gets 4. I loved the ambiance. Low lighting, not too loud/obnoxious (aside from what appeared to be a birthday party at a nearby table). It actually wasn't as terribly busy as I would've expected for a Friday night. Perfect for a late Valentine's dinner with the boy. The waitstaff was VERY friendly and attentive-almost too attentive. I know everyone has their preferences, but I'd prefer that the waiter not be at my table every 5 minutes. I know he was trying to be helpful in helping us decide what to order as we'd never been there before. Also, it seemed like every time I took a few sips of water, someone was coming by to top off my glass. I guess that's better than the waitstaff completely forgetting you and you feel as if you might die from dehydration. That might be a little dramatic but you know what I mean. For drinks, we ordered what I think was called the Urban Manhattan? It was certainly a Manhattan but I can't remember if that's the correct drink name. I don't typically order this drink-but it was quite delicious.Onwards to the food! After going back and forth between the Amazing Pasta Trio and Eggplant Torta & Butternut Squash Ravioli, I went with the trio..because HEY! It says it's amazing. In the back of my head I was thinking, "that could be an over hyped claim". My boyfriend ordered the Bucatini Amatriciana. Our server complimented on us on our outstanding choices..they really do talk up their menu items as other's have noted.Our food arrived rather quickly. Portion size was little to be desired. I wasn't starving but.... seriously. The amount of food did not justify the price. It was delicious, don't get me wrong! I've eaten at enough upscale prices that you're not going to get a lot because you're getting quality food. I just felt as though it would be best listed as a "small plate".  It was some of the best pasta I've ever eaten, so I have to give credit where it is due. Boyfriend's Bucatini Amatriciana appeared to have a lot more to it and he said it was quite delicious-although he did feel bad for me with what little amount of food I had received. Too bad it had bacon in it, or I would've had some of his for myself. Overall, it was a very pleasant dining experience. Great waitstaff and delicious food despite the few issues I had with the place. I would go back again! I'm a pasta junkie!
5	Tommy V's Urban Kitchen hosted a wine dinner the other night that I happened to stumble accross.  The food was amazing and the wine was fabulous.Thanks for the wonderful dining experience.  I can't wait to go back!
4	Tommy V's is a great place for a dinner for two. The noise level in the evening is only average. You can hold a conversation but it's not dead quiet. The wait staff is eager to please and the restaurant in a great location in old Town Scottsdale. Our waiter Efren helped us with our selections and the pasta trio was delicious. Husband had the special, a homemade canneloni that was amazingly light and delicious. We had a nice bottle of wine and appreciated the time given to choose our wine and dinner. The bread was delicious with virgin olive oil or dipping. The entree size was ample and plenty for us but not huge. I would have appreciated a bit more time before the entree arrived. Next time I will ask if we could enjoy our wine and hold the dinner for a bit. Will definitely visit again on our next trip.
5	We were a group of 7, and I had cioppino.Service was great, and we loved the atmosphere. Very cozy and comfortable to spend a good time with your family and friends.Cioppino was good. I liked the source though seafood was not great, but good. However, this is a restaurant in AZ, not Monterrey. Compared to other restaurants in AZ serving seafood, I would say this restaurant is doing their best.Highly recommended for special events.
5	Great food, great service, friendly owner, great happy hour food specials in the restaurant - no need to sit in the bar. Just go. You'll love it.
3	Tommy V's is a good. Not Great.  Restaurant is large.  It was not crowded but if it were I would imagine it could get very loud.  Started with prawns wrapped in panchetta with a balsamic fig arugula salad.  Very good.  Entrees were the clam linguine and fettucini bolognese.  Bolognese sauce was great but too much sauce on the pasta.  Could  not taste the organic pasta because there was so much sauce.  The sauce should compliment the pasta.  Not overwhelm the pasta.  The clam linguine was oily and did not have a great clam flavor. Service was good but it was not busy.  The prices were not bad.  $80 with tip for two.  Not sure what other options there are for Italian.  The name "Urban Bar" I think is more for the style of the decor and not for the food.   Good meal but not great.
5	Great service great food.  We ate outside and it was a perfect evening. I would return and probably order the seared tuna again.  Yum.
1	Fantastic location, zero effort by the management....I was appalled by what I saw in the "kitchen".  The pasta was from bags and microwaved; the salads were premade; the organic food is about as organic as my shoe.  The most casual observer can just sit at the bar and watch what the kitchen is doing, and it is busy, but 2 guys reheating stuff.It is a shame, as the place looks great, but what a mess.  I sat; watched and left after finishing my drink.  I was going to ask the manager what the hell that was about; but he was apparently too busy with the table of women by the window.One star for locationMinus one star for pasta sauce coming out of tin cansOne star for a fantastic patioMinus one star for pasta from Fry's coming out of plasticOne star for great decor...This could go on for days.... but I am hungry...
5	I've been here twice and it's been great both times. The happy hour menu is pretty good!  Had my 2 sisters in town and they thoroughly enjoyed their meals too!
3	Meh.  The menu and pricing mislead you into thinking the food is high quality but it came out in big, sloppy chain restaurant style portions.  The outdoor seating area is beautiful and the waitstaff is extremely kind.  Not worth the money in my opinion.
5	The owner Zoran made a great restaurant feel like a one of a kind restaurant. We will be back.
5	My family and I (4 adults 2 kids) were in Scottsdale for the weekend.  We stayed at the W-Scottsdale and was craving Italian.  I did a search on Yelp and Tommy V's was 1/4 mile away from our hotel with great reviews.  We went there around 2:00 so it wasn't crowded and we were seated right away.  The service was good and the food was dynamite.  My husband said it was the best Chicken Piccata he's ever had and my father in law had the Artichoke Hearts Risotto and he said it was excellent.   I had the Spaghetti with Meat Sauce and it was very tasty.  All in all the place was great and if we're in Scottsdale again, this is a place that we will go again.  However there was one thing that I wish I said because now I'm kicking myself in the butt.  My mother in law ordered the Chicken Parmesean sandwich with fries on their Happy Hour menu. When the bill came, I was charged for the Chicken Parmesean entree.  The difference between these two plates was $10.00.  For me $10.00 is a lot of money but we were in a  hurry so I didn't want to say anything.  So make sure to check your bill to to confirm that you weren't charged for something else.
4	Enjoyed it! Service (Chad) was outstanding, calamari was delicious, light, and perfectly prepared. Entrees were solid, though not mind-blowing. Well priced.
5	Tommy V's does it again.  I frequent both locations in Scottsdale and Phoenix and I must say...  If you haven't attended one of their wine dinners, you are missing out.  Tommy V's Urban Kitchen hosted Groth Vineyards on Friday and the price amazingly inexpensive for the amount of food and wine you are given.  Go hungry, leave full with a smile on your face.  Excellent restaurant, service and friendly professional staff.  Love it!
5	Seriously the best dinner I've had in a very long time.  Three of us dined this past Monday night and it was a bit slow so we rec'd extra special attention from the waiter.We had the fried burrata and crisp pancetta wrapped prawns.  So yummy and succulent.  Let me talk about the baby beet salad. OHMYGAWD!  I will dream of this special salad forever.  I've never seen orange beets but simply de-lish.  Also, we had the scallops, salmon, and claim pasta.  Just gorg food and ever so good.I absolutely love this place.  Go.  There.  Now.
4	Went to Tommy V's for first time Saturday night. I'm from NYC and live in valley for 7 years. I've been critical of Italian restaurants out here but my wife and I were very pleased of our entire experience. Service and ambience were great. Food was spectacular and prices were very affordable. Eggplant torta was fantastic and fried burrata appetizer hit the spot! Lemoncello sorbet for desert was the perfect ending to a great meal.  I will definitely be returning and have already recommended it to a few of my friends.
5	Last month my women's hockey team and I were in town for a tournament and we enjoyed an awesome dinner at Tommy V's.From the first phone call to book the table to walking out the door at the end of the night, we were more than pleased.We were given a table in the back private room, which was great because we can get a bit rowdy when the giggling starts. ;)The waiter was awesome! He was humorous and treated us with fantastic banter along with excellent suggestions for dinner. It was restaurant week so the majority of us picked off of the limited 3-course meal menu. Everyone was pleased. I got the ravioli de zucca which was superb! I only wish there had been more raviolis on the plate!Wonderful experience and excellent food!
5	If you're looking for a nice atmosphere, great music/service, and one of a kind live jazz music, then Tommy V's Urban Kitchen & Bar is the restaurant for you. It's the perfect place to take your date and have a fun yet relaxing time. In addition, I must mention that the owner is one of the funniest guys I've ever met, and he'll make you feel at home. Regarding their food, I've been coming to Tommy V's for almost 10 months now, and their Italian dishes never ceases to amaze me. I love their chicken parm.When I think about Italian restaurants in Old Town Scottsdale, Tommy V's Urban Kitchen & Bar is first to mind. It's my first recommendation for all my friends - hands down.
5	Soooo impressed.  Yelped this restaurant while visiting. Went for lunch and was a little surprised to see only one other occupied table in the while place. But any question of how good this place was immediately was put to rest as our server came to our table. Had the option to order off of regular menu  or special lunch menu. Our party ordered from both, an from what I gather the lunch menu was the same high quality and serving size as the dinner menu but for 2/3 the price. Yay!I had the braised beef, super ridiculous tender, rich and flavorful. Gnocchi was super fresh. Wife had the handmade linguini and clams.  Fresh and flavorful. How u can taste the difference when it comes to handmade pasta and fresh versus frozen seafood.  They're on point here.  Would highly recommend this place for both service and food. An if u want a great value, check it out at lunch.
5	Their eggplant and the bread was amazing, fresh, and tasty. The food are sized reasonably. I will definitely come back for more pasta.
5	I have to admit that I went to this restaurant in the middle of the week so this review may not pertain to the weekends.  I have to admit when we arrived at the restaurant from the outside it is not overly impressive looking.  The crowd is definitely a little bit on the older side, but when you are out on a date that isn't necessarily a bad thing because it wasn't particularly noisy, but it wasn't too quiet.  First we split the baby beet salad which was quiet delicious, I would recommend it.  For our entrees we had the Butternut Squash Ravioli and the Chilean Sea Bass, both of which we enjoyed.  For dessert we had the Tiramisu, and while I'm not the biggest fan of the dessert this was my date's favorite dessert and she really liked it. The waiting staff was very helpful and helped us choose our entrees. I would definitely go back again, and recommend it for someone taking a person out on a date.
5	Very nice restaurant. Perfect service. Great food and normal prices.
5	Zoran is the greatest, made us feel right at home and introduced us to some amazing "super secret menu" items and some wonderful people. Delicious food and drink and great at home atmosphere.
4	Arizona Restaurant Week is something we look forward to twice a year. It gives us a chance to sample the cuisine of places we have not been. This week we tried Tommy V's. We made reservations for 7:30 on a Wednesday night and when we arrived, the place was practically deserted. We were shown to a tiny table for 2 and we asked to be seated at a slightly larger table (my hubby is a big guy!) With only 3 other tables in the entire place full, I didn't think that was too much to ask. We were given the menus and after discussion, decided to chose from the regular menu. Not that the restaurant week menu wasn't fine, we just saw things we wanted on the other menu. However, one of the appetizers (the crab cakes) was not on the regular menu, so I asked if I could have those if I wasn't choosing the special menu. After some brief confusion on the part of the waiter, he said yes. The first course arrived and the crab cake (not 'cakes' as written in the menu) was fine. My husband had the lettuce wedge salad which he said was delicious! It looked great too, not a huge slab of iceberg like many. For entrees I had the shrimp risotto, which was really great with huge lovely grilled shrimp and risotto cooked perfectly. Nicely seasoned and a very generous portion. Hubby had the Tommy V's pasta trio which he said was 'amazingly good' and when I took a bite I would agree. He had gin and tonics and I had the Ruffino Chianti (one of my favs with Italian food.) Overall I would give the food an A-. Service was a little slow, but our server was charming and friendly and we weren't in a rush. The most interesting thing about the evening was something my H pointed out: he was the ONLY male customer in the place! All the other tables were groups of women! We would definitely go back, and I would like to try lunch there...and maybe a happy hour.
5	Soo good! Homemade pasta and the best lobster bisque I've ever had. Shared the pasta trio and if I wasn't still full from lunch I could of easily ate a full portion. I'm pretty picky about my calamari but it was really good!
3	I wasn't wowed. For my salad I had the caprese and thought it was ok. The tomatoes were somewhat green and lacked flavor. The overall flavor of the greens was good but it didn't catch my attention. The chicken piccata was a thicker breast than I prefer. I'd rather it be pounded thinner, and came with a side of pasta in a marinara-type sauce. Again, it didn't make me want to have it again. My partner had the bruschetta with prosciutto as her appetizer. She liked it and offered me a bite. It reminded me of a bacon sandwich, which was interesting, but again didn't inspire me to return and order it for myself. All in all, I thought it was so-so. I have places I like better and think I'll be visiting them instead of returning for a next time.
4	Food was great and service was even better. my wife had the pear salad which she highly recommends! The pasta is deliscious, fresh, and sauces were perfectly cooked and seasoned. The patio has a terrific view of old Scottsdale.
5	I made reservations for for a surprise bday dinner for my best friend. Her, her husband, my husband and myself got there and immediately loved the atmosphere. Fun, modern, wonderful live music ( Friday night). The food was delicious!! We ended up ordering off their specials menu that night! Pork Scallopini- tender, flavorful. NY Strip Steak- HUGE!  Juicy adn topped with an awesome cheese crumble (I cant remember what it was!) Mix Grill Plate- Sausage, Chicken and lamb chops. Lamb was cooked perfectly. The sausage was juicy and teh chicken was incredibly seasoned. Chilean Sea Bass- cooked to perfection. was flakey not fry. Perfect sear. We also ordered the chefs plate as an appetizer which is awesome for a table of 4. Delicious cheeses and meats. They also serve a bread basket with a olive oil and balsamic. Our server was amazing! She was attentive, friendly and always wanted to make sure we were doing ok. I informed the restaurant ahead of time about it being a bday dinner and Zoran arranged a piece of chocolate cake to our table. It was a nice touch. Love this place and will be back!
5	Took my wife there for our anniversary and we loved it! Great food and great atmosphere!
5	Wine list is extensive with decent prices - lots of California wines available. Food is phenomenal and service is attentive. Patio dining is also available. Located in Old Town with adjacent lot parking. The Prince Edward Island Mussels Smoked Chile Butter & Crostin, and Tommy's Amazing Homemade Pasta Trio are wonderful. The Kobe Beef Meatballs Herb Tomato Sauce are amazing! Serving sizes are not large.
5	Excellent food and service. Beer list was limited but they had Four Peaks. Highly recommend.
5	Really, really great service at this place.   We're vegetarian and often times when we go to Italian restaurants the only options presented to us are really starchy pastas.    Our waiter was really innovative and came back with lots of great options, and allowed us to split the portions so that we got to sample more things.  I'd suggest this restaurant to anyone roaming around Old Scottsdale.
3	I have really enjoyed Tommy V's the past 3 trips to Scottsdale. They are located a block or two out of the main Old Town area toward 101. The pastas and entrees are great as are the salads for lighter fare. I wanted to eat/watch a sports event and Tommy V's bar made for an excellent location as the food quality is better than most spots with televisions in Old Town Scottsdale. I like the consistency and quiet ambiance
2	First off, I have to say that I didn't eat here during this visit, so this review is strictly regarding the atmosphere, impressions of the menu, and the bar at 7pm on a Saturday night.It was pouring down rain on the Saturday night I entered Tommy V's Urban Kitchen from the awkwardly situated Indian school road entrance.  I walked directly into the dining room adjacent to the bar from what appears - from a pedestrian perspective, to be the main entrance. No one at the very sparely populated bar, or the less than half full dining room, seemed to notice my arrival - including the abundant wait staff or bartender. My first impression was that the establishment is nicely appointed, and makes a good attempt at an urban upscale feeling.  The menu however, seemed to be somewhat unsurprising and full of what I've come to regard as tired old scottsdale standards. There's mussels, and gnocchi, and steaks oh my! As I glanced at the massive, bound text that were eventually laid out before me on the bar by the nearly mute bartender;  I noted that the prices seemed rather inflated. Everything seemed closer to the $$$ range, than the $$ listed on Yelp.  Perhaps the prices are designed to support the over abundance of staff - I counted four bus boys, three waiters and a hostess just milling around, and reinforce the idea that this is "upscale dining"?  The bartender had as much personality as the bowl of corks on the bar (corks in a bowl, 2005 called to say you're out of date...) and though I'm no spring chicken, I'm sure I was way more than three standard deviations below the average age I observed on this particular Saturday night. I have to say, They do make a good manhattan, but it's delivered without the slightest bit of soul, and the clientele felt more like retirement home than 7pm on a Saturday night.The food may be wonderful, but I'm skeptical just based on the menu and Saturday night "dinner rush" crowd that has any dining room less than a quarter full.All that being said, I'll give it another shot and try the food, more based on the plethora of positive reviews and vicinity to my typical dinner out location(s) than anything else.  Hey, maybe i'm wrong - i doubt it, but it could happen.  However, on first impression, this place looks perfect if you are looking for a  "fancy-looking place" that isn't too busy on a Saturday night.  The kind of non-chain establishment place where your slightly upscale parents will feel comfortable, and maybe they'll think you've actually become an adult when you pick up that tab.
5	This was my first time dining here, and I'm impressed! I'm a concierge which means I dine out a lot as part of my job, so I'm a bit of a guest/customer service snob, so I'm not easily impressed. The location was great and easy to get to. The atmosphere was nice. Not too dark of lighting which is good. I like to be able to read the menu and see what I'm eating/drinking. I would have liked maybe a different color scheme and more Italian art, but that played no impact on my review. Timoteo was our server. He was extremely knowledgeable, kind, friendly, and quick without making us feel rushed. That's important! Too many servers/waiters these days come off as annoyed by questions, wanting you to hurry up and tip them. But not here! We felt so welcomed and comfortable...like we were with family. In the same respect, the service was not intrusive either. A perfect balance. The food was delicious! Homemade bread to start was wonderful! Meat was perfectly cooked to order. Kudos to the kitchen staff! We loved how well Timoteo was able to make suggestions based on my indecisiveness. I just told him what I was in the mood for, and he said they could even combine the Filet and Penne with the Bolognese from a different dish! When it came time for dessert, he was fabulous once again with pairing our Tawny Porto with Tiramisu, and Moscato with Lemon SorbetThank you Zoran for a wonderful restaurant, and to Timoteo for a wonderful experience! We will be back again!
5	Excellent service. Satisfying menu. Solid wine selection. Comfortable ambience.Thanks for making my business evenings spent in Scottsdale so enjoyable. I've dined here twice, and they keep getting better.Great value, but isn't "cheap". I never leave wanting for more.
4	Wile we were visiting Phoenix, we visited Tommy V's Urban Kitchen and Bar twice because we so enjoyed our first visit. I loved the environment. There was music and energy but we could still engage in conversation. Our meal was prepared with fresh ingredients and served hot. The bread was to die for. Our servers were attentive but not overbearing. We will be back.
5	We had a party of 9 so we're able to try several dishes. Steak, red snapper and scallops are well proportioned and cooked perfectly .Wine list was large and had reasonable prices. We had a Cab blend and it was perfect.Only surprise was how they served the polenta with the snapper. I much prefer a creamer version with cheese and then plate the filet. Here they had an almost mash potato like on the side.Attentive and friendly Staff
5	Super friendly service and delicious food. The desserts are to kill for!
5	Stopped for a quick cheap lunch and had the best spaghetti bolognese of my life. Great service. Great food. Great atmosphere.
3	Agree with the previous writers that the service is good and the bread is tasty. However, given the pricing and italian nische the pasta was far from any success italian food is al dente and this pasta was in my mind overcooked hence the rating. Otherwise this place would have gotten a bit higher rating...
5	For anyone who hasn't been to Tommy V's in Scottsdale or any of their wine dinners, you are missing out on great food, atmosphere, music and all the buzz that goes with this upscale restaurant, yet you don't overpay.  We had a table of 7 for last night's Silver Oak wine dinner.  The food was outstanding and our group had a wonderful time.  We were never rushed through the dinner, and the rep from Silver Oak gave a detailed background on the winery and how it got started.  We have never had a bad meal otherwise at this restaurant, and Zoran pays attention to detail and wants to make sure each and every customer has an enjoyable experience.  There are many Italian restaurants in Scottsdale/Phoenix to choose from, but this restaurant stands out from all others.  A couple of our friends who joined us at our table are returning wine dinner diners, and they absolutely love the food (portions are generous), the wine and the experience each time.  During spring training,  or during the off season, you can catch many big name athletes who are in town and who frequent Tommy V's Urban Kitchen.
4	Ate late which was a pleasure to go somewhere in Scottsdale. Nice staff, food great. Shrimp and ravioli was very good and tasty and hot. Cheese board was  good, satisfactory with lots of selection. Quiet but people at the bar. Nice atmosphere. Would go back!
5	This place is great. The food is wonderful and the atmosphere is terrific for a night out with a loved one. Plus the service is top notch. We had Joseph and he was amazing, addressing and anticipating our every need. Highly recommended!
2	We we went here for dinner to celebrate a coworker and friends birthday after reading the yelp reviews, which all seemed positive.  Unfortunately our dinner was mediocre and service as well.  Our server did not seem to know the menu very well and the calamari was horrible. The scallops were ok, but the asparagus was soggy and did not have that great of flavor. Our friends ordered the linguine which they said was so so. Nice ambience and so do have to say the general manager was very nice as well... just not good enough food to go back. :-(
4	Excellent food but pricy.
5	So happy we found this place! Went because I had heard they have gluten free options and a great selection of wine. We were not disappointed! The food was excellent from the prosciutto of the appetizer down to the last bite of limoncello sorbet. The wine was a perfect pairing as well. Numerous members of the staff checked in with us without seeming to overbearing. We will definitely be back.
4	Dropped in here after a day at Barrett-Jackson, and boy did we have a nice time.  Place was crowded on Saturday night but the hosts were able to find us a table with a minor wait   Wine list was very good, but we opted for the strong drinks.  Salmon and risotto was very good, and the special meatballs and sausage were excellent as well.  Service was prompt and courteous.  Will definitely return!
5	Awesome experience all around, Everything was closed for the Super Bowl, but we had made a reservation and the owner called and said he would stick with it even though it would be a slow night, fantastic dinner and service, thanks
4	Right on Indian School Rd. a block east of Scottsdale Rd. in Scottsdale, sits Tommy V's,  an attractive building filled with attentive friendly staff and ownership.  We had reservations for four at 6PM on a Saturday and the place was about half full.  Within an hour it was full!  That's when I noticed the noise level was rather high with laughter and conversations.  This was an attractive and fun environment.  It was my wife's birthday and several waiters and the owner congratulated her more than several times, a nice touch.  My wife ordered decaf herbal tea and 4 different kinds were brought to the table.  Much has been said about their wine list but none of us ordered any alcoholic drinks.  It was an upscale environment with white linen tablecloths and attractive silverware.  We started with appetizers, the fried calamari (not the most tender, but flavorful and a good sized portion) and crab cakes (extremely flavorful and attractive to the eye).We had Shrimp Risotto  (creamy and delicious with lots of shrimp on top),  Manila Clams Linguine Roasted Garlic, White Wine, Fresh Herb Sauce  (a good amount of clams, a few still in the shell, tasty but not wonderful, with well cooked pasta),  Chicken Piccata  (a bit overcooked, lots of capers in a tart sauce, pleasant tasting but not great, small piece of breast cutlet, with a side of penne rigate in a tomato sauce that was a bit dry and didn't have much flavor), and Seared Pacific Red Snapper, Creamy Polenta & Asparagus with Mushrooms, Red Pepper in Tomato Sauce  ( an excellent dish, pretty, tasty, good sized portion of well cooked snapper), one of our better dishes.  Next time I wouldn't order the calamari, chicken piccata, and the clam linguine.  They brought my wife a slice of what looked and tasted like French Silk Pie with a little candle in it (no charge), a nice touch.  It was delicious!We will give them another try, I would rate them between 3 1/2 and 4 stars.
3	I am a fan for their happy hour sparkling wine/champagne and the champagne flute they gave me it in. It was absolutely delightful and LARGE!  The prices of the basic  happy hour pasta was a bit steep but the atmosphere overshadowed that. One major issue that knocked this from a 5 star experience to a 3-star is we were treated sub-par. They didn't offer us menus or send anyone over for over 7 mins. A woman in her early 50s was seated near us and wouldn't you know it- was given a menu and server within 1 minute. It was not busy at all, my friend and I were two of the only people in the restaurant at first. I do not particularly like to be ignored and sure as heck do not appreciate it. Becoming successful is what I strive to be at this time in my life and I don't need to be talked down to or treated second rate. I hope if I do return I am treated with a little more respect from the get-go.
5	We had a great time here for a low key birthday dinner. The service was spot on, the server's recommendations all proved to be excellent. We had the calamari and the chef's plate for apps. The plate was awesome while the calamari was average. The seafood risotto was dumbfounding as you couldn't even take a bite of the risotto without getting a piece of some sort of fish along with it - shrimp, scallops, lobster (by all means a good thing.)  The pasta trio was also very good. The mushroom ravioli was by far the star of the plate.Great place, recommended for sure.
4	Solid four. Patio dining was excellent. Fire pits everywhere and great food. Server seemed new and did not know a lot about the menu. Not at a problem though as the food makes up for all. Great wine collection.
5	It on a very fun street with lots of nightlife! Very fun scene! Everything was delicious! A nice twist on the classic italian that gives the food a fresh feel! Our waiter was great too! And the owner personally came to make sure we enjoyed our meal!
1	My boyfriend and I were really excited to try this place and it turned out to be a huge let down. I ordered chicken parm and my boyfriend ordered spaghetti and meatballs and it literally came out within 5 mins of ordering it. So was it just reheated? Our waiter was horrible and never could be found. My chicken was so rubbery I couldn't eat it. The meatballs were very small and it just overall was not a good experience.
5	We had a fabulous happy hour dinner tonight. Started with caprice bruschetta and a prosciutto appetizer I should remember the name of. Both were delicious. Then we tried the short rib stuffed ravioli which were to die for. I had the pasta bolognese, delicious! My Mom had the risotto with artichokes. My Sis had the pasta sampler.  All house made pasta. All thoroughly enjoyed. Service was excellent. Molto bene! Grazie!
5	An absolute triumph. I had the unique caprese bruschetta. The bruschetta was interestingly compiled with cubed mozz- a definite twist on the classical slab. For an entree, I had the pasta trio. Normally, gnocchi is dense and heavy, but this particular one in the trio was light and pillowy. The waitress was extremely friendly and accommodating. They even moved us to a table with an outlet!
4	Well prepared, nicely plated, generous portion, tasty food.  Service is upper crust, smart and well timed. Hints of Italian cuisine with a solid backbone of American staples.  I ate here twice, both dinners.  Re-said:  I over-ate here 2X because the food was so good & so big. Outdoor patio dining area faces an ugly parking lot & adjacent homely neighbor restaurant, but you'll forgive that when the food is placed before you.Decent wine selection, full bar.  Adult, serene dining in old town Scottsdale.
4	Had an 8:30 dinner reservation and arrived to a packed house with live band playing. The ambience was great and works well for both large parties and romantic dates.  I don't usually eat out at Italian restaurants but was pretty impressed with the food here. Seafood risotto was the winner of the night. Plenty of different seafood pieces in every bite and the risotto was cooked just right.  The pasta trio is also very good, with the mushroom one being my favorite and gnocchi a close second. I also shared a caprese salad that was good but nothing to write home about. I'd probably pass on that and try something else next time.  They have a decent wine list with varying price points that will accommodate your tastes and budget. The entrees, while not inexpensive, were reasonably priced for a nice dinner and atmosphere in Scottsdale.  The only downside was that our pasta plate was brought out cold. They quickly took it back and made a new one without complaints, so that was appreciated. The menu is varied but not overwhelmingly extensive. I'll be back to try other items they offer.
4	We brought a group of 10 for my brother's birthday. They reserved us a lovely table on the patio and even had custom, pre-printed menus with Happy Birthday Brandon printed on them! Server was very attentive and friendly and had even offered to split our check. I had the lobster ravioli with citrus shrimp.I highly recommend Tommy Vs!
4	Loved this place!!  Lovely upscale-casual atmosphere, a delicious meal, pleasant service.  The only reason I'm withholding the fifth star is that this was only our first visit - if our next few are just as good, I'll update the review to 5 stars!The bread is pretty fantastic - it's very soft but substantial (no doughy), with a perfect crust.  We started with a pear salad, which was nice but fairly average.  The dressing was a light mustard over arugula leaves with blue cheese and pear - very innocuous. For dinner, we had the Eggplant Torta.  The eggplant is firm and lightly breaded.  It's smothered in a light, delectable rose sauce and a small amount of cheese.  The accompanying butternut squash ravioli is served with a touch of cream sauce and has cinnamon mixed inside.  All of the flavors perfectly complement one another.  It's a remarkably smooth, subtle and delicious dish!  We were trying to decide between two entrees and our server highly recommended the eggplant - he has our gratitude!  He said it's his favorite on the menu, plus it's a generous portion (perfect to split) - great call.  The rest of their service was also really polite and efficient.  The kitchen split both plates for us and the bus boy refilled my water every few minutes (the glasses were small and I drink a lot - huge kudos on this) and brought more bread. Overall, great success!
4	Decent place for dinner. Even some live jazz piano in the background to add to the ambiance. For a good italian dinner worth the trip.
4	Tommy V's is a fun spot for a casual relaxing dinner. I went with a group of three coworkers and it was a decent location. We have the buchitini to start and it was surprisingly small but definitely tasty. I also ordered a cocktail that ended up being way too sweet and I had to send it back. The wait staff redid the cocktail for me, however it was still super sweet so they offered to comp me for it at the end of the meal. For the main meal I had the three pastas dish which was good but nothing stellar or imaginative. The gnocchi was defintiely the star of the dish and something I would go back for. For dessert I ended up having an expresso martini which was delicious and definitely something to try.Overall, good but there are better places in town I would say with a more imaginative menu.
2	Perhaps we hit an off day.  Stopped in for lunch.  Maybe 15 to 20 people in the restaurant.  We were seated quickly, brought bread and water, and placed our orders.  Our Caesar salads arrived quickly.  The salad was fresh and tasty.  So far so good.We finished our salads and water and sat there for about another 15 minutes before a server came by and refilled our glasses.  Another 15 minutes went by and 2 of the 3 dishes we ordered arrived.  The vegetable risotto had good ingredients and the rice was cooked just right, but overall it lacked much in the way of flavor.  It needed more salt, better stock, or some kind of punch.  The eggplant torte was delicious and the sauce was even better.  Eventually, the sausage that was forgotten arrived.  The sausages were pretty scorched and had very little juice left, but the meat inside had good flavor and the marinara sauce was decent.  Nobody ever came back to refill our water glasses again and I dying for some.  When one of the servers finally came back we just decided to pay our bill and get back on the road.Overall, the dishes were a hit and miss and the service was very spotty despite the fact that there was hardly anyone in the restaurant.  Not sure what all the fuss is about, but I'm guessing we just hit it on a bad day.
5	Food was good but can I tell you that the service was absolutely impeccable. The waiter was attentive to every detail.We never had to wonder where he was or left wanting. When he served the plates he took caution to notify us of which side he was placing the plates, he explained the specials, he was "present". Great Job!
5	Nice happy hour. Good service. The grilled cheese shortrib sandwich and calamari were excellent.
5	Absolutely the best every time we go.  Love  the wine dinners.  Zoran is doing a fabulous job!
4	We were visiting Scottsdale on vacation and found this place on Yelp and figured we would try it out. Of some of the casual dining places we went to on our trip, I would say this one was a bit more classy/spendy. Nonetheless, the service was really great and friendly, and they brought more bread when we ran out! The wine was good! I got the Shrimp Risotto which I really enjoyed! It was lighter than a full pasta dinner. My boyfriend got the Red Snapper, which he did not like very much, he felt it didn't have much flavor. We did like the outdoor seating and felt it was an enjoyable and relaxing dinner.
4	I had the eggplant and ravioli, it was great. Burrata, calamari and caprese was also good. Belinis were weak and served in a plastic glass, a bit weird.
3	Best meatball anywhere hands down. Worth every dollar and a return trip just to repeat the delect-ableness. But...  Wines are pricey by the glass. Avoid the Pasta Bolognese - bland and chewy and very pricey for pasta with meat sauce. White table cloth atmosphere inside and almost overly attentive staff. Perhaps dining al fresco is a more pleasurable experience.
5	Excellent food, service and wine value.  Not your traditional italian food, but a variety of food prepared in an italian style.  Large indoor and outdoor seating, as well as a sizable bar.
2	It wasn't terrible but definitely not the greatest either...more or less reliable. I will say that the fried burrata was a pleasant surprise and the cannoli was a winner...and I have eaten A LOT of great cannoli in my day..
5	My husband and I went here for our anniversary the other night. We had a wonderful experience and will definitely go back. The atmosphere was lovely; candlelight, music was loud enough to enjoy but not too loud for conversation. The live music was a neat touch but we sat outside on the patio and missed it. Nice to know they have that sort of thing but we weren't upset by missing it.The food and service were fabulous. I am lactose intolerant and some places don't really pay close attention to my needs: this place did a great job with that. Our server made sure to give me good advice for what to order and substituted things where needed. Instead of feeling as though I was doing without or as though the meal was missing something, our dishes seemed as though they were meant to be served sans-milk products. They never made me feel as though I was putting them out, which can happen sometimes. My favorite thing I ate was the salmon and vegetables. They were seasoned and cooked to perfection. Great experience, attentive wait staff, accommodating chef. Can't ask for more!
5	A friend came into town so we decided to try something new.  The atmosphere was great.  Not too upscale, just right for a little more formal night out.  Service was excellent and attentive.  Angel was our waiter.  There were three of us.  We had the fried calamari, baby beet salad, grilled shrimp risotto, orechiette with lobster and shrimp and the short ribs with spinach gnocchi.  All the dishes were excellently prepared and flavorful.The fried calamari reminded me of the way my mother makes them.  Perfectly cooked and a very light batter.  Salad was delicious with just right amount of dressing.  Risotto was well prepared with great flavor from the shrimp and hint of lemon.  The orechiette was prepared al dente with a light red sauce infused with the lobster and shrimp.  Yummy!The short ribs were melt in your mouth tender with gnocchi that were very light in texture.Will definitely return to try other dishes.
5	My husband surprised me with dinner here for Mother's Day , which was funny since we had just driven by it earlier in the day & I said I had really been wanting to try it, and of course he kept a straight face & didn't say a word to ruin the surprise.  Let me start out with the service...it was impeccable to say the least.  Our server consistently checked on us, answered all of my questions about their gluten free options & was super sweet to our 1 year old, talking directly to him, which he loved & caused him to flirt with her.  The manager (or maybe he was the owner, I'm not sure) also checked on us several times, which I truly appreciate in a restaurant.Now for the food...it was DELICIOUS!  We started out with the Chef's Plate which had meats, cheeses, olives, peppers & more.  Next up was the main course, we both ended up ordering the same thing (happens more often than not),  we got the filet & it was cooked to perfection, I decided to get the fingerling potatoes & broccoli & my husband went with the gluten free pasta option.  My mother in law ordered the salmon.  Last up was the dessert, my hubby ordered the white chocolate raspberry cheesecake & I got the fresh berries & cream.  Everything was incredibly good & we will definitely be going back & will for sure tell our friends.
5	Delicious food! The Pear Baby Greens Salad may have been the best salad I've ever had! Just remarkably expensive. Nice atmosphere. The decor was pleasingly upscale and the wait staff was in black tie. However, guests simply wear relaxed clothing.
5	Tommy V's never disappoints. Linguini with clams and red sauce (ask for the red over the white) is a must. Beef carpaccio is amazing!  Great date night.
2	First timer to this restaurant but an old soul when it comes to Italian food. The restaurant has a nice pleasant vibe, I sat at the bar, it's long and comfortable and provides a great view (I love to see what other people are having). I ordered half a bottle of a Cabernet from Chile, they have a good offering of wines and not expensive at all, love the option of a half bottle. I also ordered the Tuscan Grill Mix, Lamb Chops, chicken and sausage They bring you bread and olive oil, the bread was a bit on the burned side, same as the table next to me, well actually theirs was almost black burned!. Then the food arrived, I was a bit disappointed to find a bit of skinny couple of lamb chops a very thin chicken breast a what resembled a think burned hotdog. Unfortunately the lamb was kind of dry and over cooked, same with the chicken, you would expect dry chicken breast at Olive garden but not here. It was not bad, well seasoned but far from where it should be. Disappointing. Desert menu needs a couple more offerings but that is my humble opinion, I ordered the white chocolate raspberry cheesecake, I know this being an Italian restaurant I should probably had the Tiramisu or the cannoli but oh well, the cake was good, nothing special.Bottom line, and my rating is always on function of this: would I come back? Probably not, there are way to many other options to try instead on spending this kid of money to try to find that good dish in this restaurant (probably there is a few) but not again.
4	I had the Amatriciana sauce with bucatini. The sauce was delicious, although I would've paired it with a different noodle. The fetuccini bolognese was delicious as always. Wait staff is very attentive, food was served in no time. Malbec was tasty and paired well. Great live jazz and dim lights to provide a pleasant atmosphere.
5	I was at Tommy V's for the first time with our Epicurean Toastmaster meeting this past Friday. Not only was I impressed with the food, but the serve was outstanding as well. The butternut ravioli's were out-of-this-world! We had a 5 course meal that was amazing. You can always tell a five star restaurant when the owner comes in to see how everything is for their clients. I cannot wait until the next time I can dine at Tommy V's so I can get try the short ribs. This is definitely going on my favorite restaurant list!
5	We are from California and were in town for a wedding.  I wanted to treat my husband to a night out - what a great restaurant!  We came on a Sunday evening and it wasn't very crowded around 8pm.  The service is great, accommodating and attentive but not too attentive. It was restaurant week but we decided to order off the menu anyways.  I ordered the scallops - they were delicious.  My husband ordered the veal and he loved it.  The whole experience from the service, ambiance to the food was excellent.  Next time we're in Scottsdale I'll be back to Tommy V's for dinner or lunch.
5	We couldn't have been more pleased with the service and the delicious food!! Loved everything about this place. Great way to end a day of strolling around old town Scottsdale. Perfect date spot!!
4	Mozzaretta caprese was ok. Needs a more aged balsamic. Pretty bland. I do that dish better at home. Bread was very good Italian bread. Chewy, very good flavor. Main dish was EXCELLENT. Had the salmon with risotto. I could have that every week. Was a slow evening, but service was very good, friendly, fun. You know how it can be when it is slow. They can forget to tend to the tables. Not a problem here.
5	We had 4 couples and everyone loved their dinner.  Service a+++   If you want good food without busting your budget, definitely give this place a try.  My husband and I split the salmon  definite repeat customer
4	Good food, great atmosphere. Fun place to go when you're looking to be a little upscale but not too high end. Definitely will be going back.
5	This is our second time here and they still have the perfect food and 5 star service. Thanks everybody and special to Kevin for the great service.
5	To be candid I had tried to avoid this place for a long time, not for any particular reason just because the place was so non descript looking, even the name wasn't particularly exciting. How good can it be I thought, it looks so boring.Boy was I wrong, my guy and I went for dinner happy hour and filled up on delicious crostini and I have to tell you one of the best spaghetti bolognese bowls I have ever had.  Totally unexpected, the meaty sauce was perfectly seasoned, rich and flavorful and oh so comforting.  A basic done to the highest degree.  A surprise I fell in love with and thought about days after.  Thank you Tommy's Vs, I look forward to coming back and exploring the rest of your menu if I can tear myself away from that heavenly bolognese. :)
5	Had the most fantastic dinner and service last night with my wife and friends at Tommy V's Urban Kitchen.  Our waiter, Robert, was excellent and the owner Zoran was attentive and very friendly.  Our dinners were fantastic.   I had the halibut and my wife had the Chilean bass.  Both dishes were delicious and beautifully presented and served at prefect serving temperatures.  The fingerling potatoe sides were also wonderful and the beet salad that my wife and shared was delicious.  My friend who loves short ribs ordered them and raved about how good they were - generous portion also.  All in all, one of the best local dinners we've enjoyed in Scottsdale in quite some time and at a price that won't empty your wallet.  Will go again soon.  My wife and I have attended two wine tasting dinners at Tommy V's previously and they we're also excellent -with very generous pours.  Do yourself a favor and check to see when Zoran will next host another wine tasting dinner and bring some friends- you'll be sure to enjoy.Bob - Paradise Valley, AZ
2	Excellent food and wine, atmosphere OK, the downer was that we went on a Saturday night and we were sweating the complete time....I even had to put my hair up in a make shift bun.  Extremely uncomfortable.
5	Love this place!  One of my favorites when visiting the Scottsdale area.  Food is great and staff is wonderful.  You won't be disappointed.
4	Great steak and seafood spot in Scottsdale. I visited last week while in town on business, and our waiter was outstanding. I thought the appetizers were average and the norm..we ordered Calamari and Mussels. Good, but nothing to write home about. However, my entree was very good. The wine was also fabulous...but what made the meal was the attention our waiter gave us...he was outstanding and I would go back just for him!
5	Absolutely love this place. Cannot get enough. Great menu and well priced. They strive for the ultimate dining experience and certainly succeed! They even have live music on the weekends! Need I say more...
4	First and foremost, Tommy V's is awesome and could hold it's own against any Italian restaurant in any region in the US.  It wouldn't finish in first place but it definitely wouldn't be last either.  This place has some really good food.I'm from the northeast and I judge every Italian restaurant for how well it executes linguine with clams (aka vongole or whatever else you may call it). While I must admit that it is my favorite dish, the simplicity of it allows you to truly taste the flavors of the pasta and sauce.  I really enjoyed the dish at Tommy V's.  Clams were great! The pasta was cooked to slight perfection and the sauce was very tasty (albeit just a tad bitter if I'm being extremely nitpicky).  Good wine selection and happy hour specials.  They had 10 different wines available for $5 during happy hour.Service was excellent.  Owner walked around frequently too to ensure we were enjoying the meal.Definitely check it out!
2	I recently went here for my friends birthday dinner. The restaurant is cute and cozy and has a nice pleasant vibe. Our server was good but I felt that he kept getting side tracked. It took him awhile to take our dinner orders and it took forever for our friend to get his beer. I ordered a sea food pasta which was one of their special for the night. I was not impressed with the food. My dish barely had an seafood on it and the dish mostly just had pasta with sauce. My favorite part of the meal was the bread they served  when we sat down.
5	After a year, I continue to frequent this establishment. Food, ambiance and service continue to fuel this trifecta of excellence. Honestly, I travel a lot, and it's wonderful to find a staff and owner that truly cares about our dining experience. We look forward to our next visit!
2	I'll keep it short. Came here with a group of 8 for a birthday dinner. You would think a highly rated, nice Scottsdale restaurant to be pleasant to dine at. The thermostat read 81 but it felt like 85. Everyone was sweating all night and I could see people at other tables constantly wipe their foreheads. I asked the server if their ac was broken and was given the rudest look. He said he would see if he can do something but it was hot for  the entire two hours we were there. The server forgot our beer order. most of the table ordered a dish on the special menu that said it had crab, lobster, etc. but when we got the dish, the amount of seafood for the price was VERY DISAPPOINTING and the flavor wasn't anything special. The live band and the bread they give you was probably the best thing about this place. All 8 of us agreed we would NOT be coming back here..
4	Only reason the rating is falling short of perfection is mine could have been a few degrees warmer and my dads wish the smell the north side of the building was nonexistent (although we both understand that's pretty unavoidable. Service was spectacular and very attentive and the food had layers of flavor. I will definitely be back and will try another suggestion by the staff
4	Went there for 3rd time. Had house salad and Tuscan grill special. House salad was excellent. Good combination of flavors. Bread was excellent as well. Great texture sms crust. Not sure what is with just EVOO for dipping. Sure not my taste. Tuscan grill had great spices but sausage and chicken were a little over cooked. Lamb chops were cooked medium rare, and cooked perfect. Waiter noticed the 2 on my plate were small, so brought me a 3rd. Nice touch, and necessary because the 2 on my plate were really small. Quite busy, but waiter still was appropriately attentive.
5	AMAZING all around!!!!We came to Tommy V's for my boyfriends birthday, had a large group reservation. When we arrived, the banquet room was set up for our party, with personalized birthday menus all around the table, with my man's name on them!!The food was top notch. Everyone ordered a different entree and every person was impressed. Service was amazing as well, and when several members of our party didn't show up, they didn't mind one bit! So friendly and accommodating!!
3	I guess I'm in the minority, but I really wasn't terribly impressed with Tommy V's.  Based on the reviews, I picked this restaurant to celebrate my Birthday, but was pretty disappointed in the overall experience.  The restaurant itself is cute enough, big, with a rather benign vibe.  It wasn't too crowded on the Friday we went, and we were seated in a corner.We started off with some appetizers.  I had the fried burrata, which I found to be pretty darn good.  Nothing crazy, but simple and nice.  For dinner I had the spaghetti carbonara.  Let me start off by saying I LOVE CARBONARA.  I get it for special occasions often.  This carbonara tasted mostly of pepper.  It was so overwhelming, I couldn't taste the pancetta or anything else.  I also wasn't a fan of the squash in it (something I hadn't seen before).At the end, the waiter did bring me a dessert, for my birthday, but unfortunately it was chocolate mousse, which isn't something I enjoy.  Alas, it's ok because I was mostly turned off at that point anyway. I found the service here to be pretty good, especially because our waiter put up with all of us.  All in all, I'm not sure if I was wowed enough to come back, but I also wouldn't not come back.  We shall see what the future brings...
4	Bolognese made the chief famous and it is worth a visit. Can't go wrong with the raviolis or the pasta with bolognese. I go there every time when I'm in town.One of the best in town.
5	Reasonably priced Italian restaurant in old town.  Great food, I got the shrimp rizzoto which was very creamy and delicious.  The setting inside is very modern. They have all of your favorite Italian dishes on the menu. Service was great, even had hot sauce for the rizzoto.  There isn't one thing off of the menu that you need to get, but overall just a great restaurant with a good value.
5	Our family of four had a very enjoyable time at Tommy V's. The service and food were just excellent, and the ambiance was lovely and relaxed. Will definitely be back!
5	The experience from the setting,  service to the food was fantastic.   Had a great date night.
5	Add this one to my AZ Restaurant Week Hall of Fame.  So much great good, so much great service, so much awesome all around.  I need to give a special thank you to the owner Tommy for being so accommodating to our large group during Restaurant Week.  He had his staff reorganize our table at the last minute after some changes in our group size and did so at lightning speed.  He personally worked with me to make sure it was right and I can't thank him enough.I don't venture into the Scottsdale area to dine out very often (even during Restaurant Week) so a little background on how I picked this place.  I needed a Restaurant Week spot that I could reserve for a large group on OpenTable.  In addition it had to have vegetarian options, was charging the Restaurant Week minimum price of $33/person, and was rated at 4 stars or higher on Yelp.  Tommy V's was the only one that met every criteria and polled at 4.5 stars on Yelp.  So I took a gamble on bringing 12 of us here despite none of us having been here.  Its located just east of Scottsdale Road and Indian School in the Old Town district.Parking here was surprisingly easy as Tommy V's has its own private lot for their customers only.  From the outside, the restaurant looks pretty unassuming.  When you walk in its a different story.  You're immediately greeted by a glass structure with tons of different wines on display for the whole restaurant to see.  On the west side of the building is the bar area (which is fully stocked), and the sit down dining is on the east side.  The interior is elegant, but cozy at the same time.  As a guy I would be perfectly home here in a collared shirt or a suit.  It can be as casual or fancy as you want it to be.I had done my Restaurant Week research in advance so I knew what I was getting.  Of the three appetizer options, I chose the Orecchiette Pasta.  Tiny pasta shells mixed with crab, shrimp and really nice thick chunks of lobster.  A fantastically rich (but not overwhelmingly rich) pasta mixing in fresh hearty portions of the seafood that goes great with a wine (I had a Syrah).  For the main course, I went with their Short Ribs with Gnocchi and two types of cheese.  Ridiculously tender meat that cuts easily with a fork and a gnocchi and cheese blend that exudes a creamy savory compliment to meat and soaks up the meat juices perfectly.  For the big finish, I went with the Salted Caramel Gelato.  A nice, cold, dense gelato but admittedly I didn't taste as much of the caramel as I expected.  In fact I picked up the chocolate notes on this one moreso than salted caramel.  It was still great, just a little surprising.Total price for the three course meal, glass of Syrah, tax, and tip totaled about $55.  Between the outstanding food and very attentive service by our server Tyler, it was worth every penny.  And even with a jazz band playing over at the bar area and a full house of customers, our party of 12 was still able to converse easily without yelling across the table at one another.  Even though Yelp gave it 4.5 stars going in, even I was surprised how great the experience was.  Mad props to Tommy V's entire operation for delivering a Restaurant Week experience to remember.  Come for the food, but come back for the people.
5	Arrived on late Wednesday evening and my first impression was a very friendly host who sat my date and I outside on the patio per our request. Immediately after being sat three servers came up with silverware, plates and a lantern with a lit candle in it for a cute ambiance. The server, Tyler, was more than helpful and quick, apologizing when he thought he took too long which actually never was long at all. The food was amazing, from the balsamic and olive oil mixture for the bread to the amazing pasta and chicken Parmesan. We left the place in a relaxed, happy mood and a full stomach. I can't wait to go back and try more items.
4	This is a solid pick if you're looking for a date night out.If the weather is nice, sit on the patio.  It's very relaxing.The food is great.  I had the Veal Osso Bucco, which was filling and tasty.I honestly thought the service was just OK.It was one of those places where at one point the Manager was helping us, at another point someone else ... then a few people were floating around helping, too.  It's odd to say, but they were a little too eager.  Stuff was cleared very quickly (in one instance before someone was even done), and it just seemed like they were rushing us unnecessarily, since it wasn't busy, and as I've noticed, it rarely is.  I still think this is a great date spot.  I just wouldn't say it's perfect just yet.Enjoy!
4	Food was great! I got the walnut mushroom risotto and my husband got the pasta trio but we both liked the risotto best. The service was wonderful and I loved the live band. We will definitely be going back!
5	Risotto carbonara was excellent! Will definitely come back for more. Great Happy Hour Menu has a perfect selection of wines and flavorful dishes to sample their main courses. We'll be back to enjoy more yummy food to try  with the rest of our family and friends.
2	I've been to Tommy V's three times, and every experience has decreased since then. The Caprese Salad was wonderful the first time I visited. The lobster ravioli was okay, but never again. My boyfriend disagrees, but I'd argue I have a more advanced palate. Finally, tonight I ordered the handmade pasta trio. It's $19 for four raviolis and 7 gnocchi. The ravioli were two spinach and some sort of cheese blend I can't recall off the top of my head. The other two ravioli were wild mushroom. The spinach ravioli were forgettable, and the gnocchi were soggy. The wild mushroom ravioli were really good, but two wild mushroom ravioli are not worth $19. So, it looks like we're going to have to break up.
5	My wife and I enjoyed our time here. We arrived just after opening and ordered from the lunch menu. We told the waiter that we would like the panzanella beef tenderloin salad to share and also ordered risotto with artichokes, and the grilled cheese with short ribs sandwich. The waiter delivered the salad on two plates (which was unexpected and a nice touch) with the beef tenderloin delicious and prepared as ordered (medium). My wife enjoyed the risotto with artichoke which was also good. I would definitely order it again, but think bacon would be a nice addition. Next time I will ask if they could accommodate this. My grill cheese with short ribs was great. The caramelized onions complimented the flavor nicely. Definitely recommend this restaurant.
5	Incredible!  The bartender was so sweet and made the night for us!  The food was great and we would 100% come here again
4	Friendly, attentive service, extensive wine selection, and good food. There's ample seating and a lovely patio. I enjoyed it!!!
4	My first dinner here: Chef's Board Artichokes, Marinated Olives, Italian Salami, Parma Prosciutto, Fontina & Fresh Buffalo Mozzarella 12Zin Braised Short Ribs Asiago & Spinach Gnocchi 20The chef's board is huge! That should be shared with 4 people. The short ribs were moist and very delicious! We shared both and were very full! I could've just done away with just the entree. They also had live music :)
4	I came here for a dinner with a group of 11 & they were able to accommodate and add 2 more people to our party for Ironman Arizona carbloading.  Because I'm gluten sensitive I chose Tommy V's and enjoyed it!!  Both the food and service were great.  Since the reservation was earlier in the evening, we all got our orders in quickly and didn't have to wait too long to be served.  I would definitely come back next time I'm in town.
4	Not being a Fan of either of his two Camelback (and 32nd St) Restaurants it was hard for me to imagine I would like this one any better when a friend suggested it.First let me say that I am NOT necessarily a "Bargain Hunter,"  so the fact that there was a "Happy Hour Menu" from 11 AM on wasn't going to sway me. Also to be noted, I have only visited for Lunch. There are however incredible bargains on the Happy Hour Menu and between friends and myself we have had almost ALL of the offerings. Several are amazing! Most notably:           ALL FOUR of the "Very Happy Hour" offerings are memorable           The Bistro Tenderloin & Panzanella Salad is FABULOUS!           The Risotto Carbonara is AMAZING!If lunch is an indication, the quality here is absolutely superb and is a NOT TO BE MISSED experience!  The Service on each visit has been impeccable, with the waiter almost unbelieving that we would order so many different offerings.Plus what is wrong with having delicious bargains for lunch? NOTHING I tell you!
5	Great place. Went to celebrate a friend's birthday. Service was fabulous. Food terrific. Yummy eggplant. Everyone loved what they ordered. The veal Milanese outstanding. Lovely setting. Do not miss.
5	Amazing food, great service, reasonable prices. The eggplant pasta was really good. We also got the pappardelle sausage dish. Overall the ambiance was great and we were really happy. Definitely happy we found this spot in Old Town. We will definitely come back.
5	The minute I walked in, I felt like an old friend. The owner was at the door and very welcoming! I sat at the bar, and when I realized that the menu offered nothing super healthy besides a salad, the bartender offered to customize a salmon dish for me with just salmon and veggies! What a nice gesture, and it went above and beyond my expectations. I travel extensively for work, and sometimes you just want something simple and familiar, and this place offered both. I can't wait to go back on my next trip, particularly for a splurge meal - the menu looked awesome!
5	We had family in from out of town, and it was a perfect spot.  We did not let them know we had a baby in a carrier with us, and they were extremely accommodating when it looked like there might be space issues.  Service was excellent as well, and when an item that was ordered did not come out right, he very quickly had the kitchen fix the issue.The family talked about the dinner the entire next day as well and how delicious everything was.
5	My friends were kind enough to throw me a surprise bday dinner here.  They definitely chose a great place. The waitress was so sweet and accommodating.  We started with the Crostino Di Prosciutto which I highly recommend and calamari which wasn't a bad choice either. I ordered the lobster risotto containing several large pieces of lobster.  It was very flavorful and filling. My friends brought in a cake. The staff not only allowed this, but cut and plated the cake for us adding whipped cream for presentation. Talk about above and beyond!!  Every bit of this place was worth the 5 stars!
