5	Kelly's just opened up this week and is off to a good start.  They have a great corner location with one of the best front patios in Scottsdale.  I've had drinks at the bar and on the patio and loved both visits.  Nice menu, good drinks and super friendly service.
4	First time there last night for a special event. So far, I am digging it. I really enjoyed the decor. It felt cozy and spacious, which is hard to find in Scottsdale. Things tend to get crowded quickly, but I felt there were tons of places for me to stand or sit down without getting smooshed (I'm a shawty). I went during Happy Hour so the drink specials were great. $4 for a well drink. Normal hours seemed to have slightly expensive cocktails for my taste, but nothing horribly overpriced. My friend and I split the chicken sandwich which had a delicious fig spread on it. The chicken was very tender and there was enough food to fill both of us. We migrated to the patio where I had a cider beer for only $6, very tasty. My friend had their strawberry shamrock which was BOMB. Whoa! I barely got a sip in before she sucked it down. Damn Vanessa! It was actually a fairly nice, breezy night last night, which made for that much nicer of an evening. I had a great time and would love to come back and try the full menu. Good luck guys!
5	This place is great! It has a large lounge area, with spacious private dining rooms and an enormous patio that faces the quaint small shops of Old Town Scottsdale.  The atmosphere is warm and weloming and the staff are very helpful.
5	I just visited Kelly's  yesterday and to say that I was impressed is an understatement!  The place is very eclectic and would appeal to a broad range of clientele.  Definitely an adult themed restaurant, so please keep the kids at home.  The outdoor setting is the largest and perhaps the best in the area.  I am looking forward to having my birthday party there in November!
4	Comfortable, dark, non-pretentious. This is very hard to find in Scottsdale. Happy hour specials are great! (1/2 off cocktails, $2 off draft and $1 off bottle beers). Our server was very friendly and attentive to our needs. The music overhead was my cup of tea: The Black Keys and The White Stripes and other blues and rock classics. Everyone that walked into this bar was in casual dress. They have a pool table and ample seating. Got there around 4:30pm and had an entire 2 couches to ourselves (just the 2 of us). The mac'n cheese was very tasty, with a special addition on top (spicy hot cheetos!). We also ordered the bread pudding, which took a while to come out, but was voluntarily taken off our bill by the nice manager. It was quite delicious and rich. We spent a good 2 hours here at least escaping the heat of the day.
2	This place has the potential to be great but they need to work out the kinks in the kitchen and better train the waitstaff first.  Dined here Saturday night with another couple and the meal was pretty awful.  Service was good from friendly waitstaff but they don't know enough about the menu to be very helpful.  We've dined all over the world but still had questions about the eclectic menu; our poor waitress had to go back to the chef several times to ask what ingredients were or how things were prepared.  Our bruschetta app was burned black and our server kindly returned it to be refired - but really, burned toast is a very easy thing to quality control and it never should have left the kitchen.  Other entrees experienced similar problems.  Overall, not worth it.  I hope they fix things before they ruin their own reputation because it's an ambitious enterprise.
5	Last night we visited Kelly's for the first time. What a great little gem! I use "little" loosely as it's actually is 7500sq ft! It has a huge patio, a few private rooms and a great big bar! We loved the couches they have throughout the inside and outside. Some of the people we were with ordered food and had the chickpea fries. I thought they were very flavorful and the sauce that came with them was super yummy too. I know we will be back very, very soon for more food (and more cocktails). I also saw they have some different type of cocktails that I will for sure try soon. If you are in the area I would certainly suggest giving Kelly's a try. You will definitely not be disappointed at all!
5	My friend saw the spot on TV for Kelly's with the chef plating a few dishes and he wanted to go try it out....stopped in around 2pm on a Wed...service was exceptional, I forget her name, but she was knowledgeable, friendly, helpful (sounds like the Girl Scout oath) but she was all that and payed attention to details, like replacing dirty forks!Food was phenomal !! We tried quite a bit off the menu (thanks to corporate Amex) and the stand outs were the 4 meat burger, duck sandwich, chicken sandwich, housemade pickles, chickpea fries, and the watermelon salad.Hands down probably the best burger I have had in town!!  Hat's off to the chef's and managers!!Will be back on a Friday night to hang at the bar!
4	We. Love. This. Spot. But what's not to love? Kelly's at Southbridge has everything, great ambiance, great food, great people and ohhh those comfy couches. We are a huge fan of soft-seating, being the social type, and Kelly's has arranged couch clusters all over for your seating enjoyment.Like pool? Want to take on some friends and show off your moves? Kelly's has a pool table, dart board and lots of TV's to keep you entertained... no reason to be bored here. Both times we've been here (on a Thursday around 6pm), they have had a great crowd and lots of fun people. Definitely a place you feel like staying and hanging out in.Okay on to the important stuff, the food and drink! Kelly's has Happy Hour from 4 PM to 7 PM Mon - Fri. Which includes $3 Domestic bottles, $4 Premium bottles, $4 Craft beer, $4 Wells, $5 Calls, $2 off all glasses of wine and  1/2 price Kelly's cocktails so everyone should be covered with something they like to drink.Now I need to pull you aside and assure you that the next thing I am going to discuss is a not to miss item. I'm just going to come right out and say it... Roasted Brussels Sprouts. There it's out. I know, I know, you hate Brussels Sprouts, I know I'm not a fan of them either. But trust me, you don't want to miss these. The Brussels Sprouts come mixed with a candied bacon and are roasted to perfection. This is a house specialty and too good to miss. Trust me.Read the entire review here... http://schmoozeaz.com/blog/?p=915
3	Went here for dinner a few nights ago.  It was about 7pm and the place was pretty dead which was nice.  This place is most definitely more a bar than a restaurant and probably gets packed at night.  Kelly's seems like a nice spot to relax and have a few drinks.  The decor is interesting with lots of comfy looking couches on which to socialize.  Anyway, to the food...   To start we ordered a round of drinks.  The happy hour specials are pretty decent but the $8 martini ($16 regular price) had an extremely weak pour.  Barely even worth the 8 bucks.  The wings were just ok but the mac n' cheese was pretty tasteless.For an entree I ordered the burger which was very good.  Perfectly cooked and had excellent flavor.  I wasn't sure what to think of the side condiments that came with though (some kind of peppers and another mushy spread thing).  The fries were also very good and seemed to be freshly made and not frozen.  My wife thoroughly enjoyed her chicken breast sandwich.  I had a bite as well and it was very good.  The aioli makes it I think.Our waiter/server was very good.  He was courteous, friendly, and didn't take too long with my diet coke refills.In summary, this place is a bar with above-average bar food.  I probably won't be back, but not because it wasn't good.  It was good but just not that special.Pro Tip:  get the half price certificate at Local Dines ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ) because it is definitely worth it.
4	Very much a gastro-pub offering an eclectic and exciting menu of well prepared items made with the finest and freshest ingredients. The chicken wings and fish and chips are both solid. I hear the brussel sprouts are a winner too. They also have several specialty cocktails that make this a great stop to get your night started. I have not been here late night for drinks yet, word on the street is that the douche factor is in effect.UPDATE: Saturday night for dinner and drinks, and while several douches were present most of the crowd was really chill. Had a great time!
5	Oh Em Jeezus! Thank gawd for friends who have the skinny on awesome new places!I went here for a friend-of-a-friend's birthday and I had no idea what to expect. I kept forgetting the name so didn't look it up like usual. I have to say, this place would firmly stand against the onslaught of my highest expectations, but since I had none it made the experience stellar!The Arizona Mule, recommended by the server, was great. It came in a tin cup and you guested it, it was pricey. $12+True to form I was drawn to the most unfamiliar and mysterious items on the menu: Compressed Watermelon and crispy feta (unfamiliar, not to mention gorgeous), and the Trilogy of Bruschetta (mysterious). Both were a welcome and sweet/savory revelation!I need a raise so I can frequent this place, I totally recommend it for anytime you want to pamper your palette.
3	Came here for a friend's birthday.  We were a party of 15, but we had a nice spot in the restaurant for our group.  The place was packed and the decor is nice.  It's a nice addition to the old town bars in scottsdale.Before I go to a new restaurant I like to check out the menu beforehand online.  The menu looked great online so I was excited for dinner.  When we got to the restaurant though, the menu was only a portion of what was posted online.  The options were limited to say the least, and we were disappointed.  I ordered the cheviche as an appetizer and then the fish and chips for dinner.  The cheviche was good, not great.  The tortilla chips that came with were more chewy than crispy.  The fish and chips were also good, but I was surprised that the chips was literal vs. the british "chip"/french fries.  They were homemade and yummy, but just not expected.  The aoli was bland, could have used more spice.  Considering the prices it could have been better, adequate, but not something I would say "hey, let's have a great dinner out at Kelly's".  There are other restaurants in Scottsale for that.  My friend ordered the roasted chicken, which was one of the rare non-sandwiches on the menu, and she loved it.  It's decent quality food... good but not great.The wait staff was pleasant, but we were left unattended too much.  The bussing should have been more frequent and we were left trying to hunt down the waiter to get our checks.  He did offer to split them up individually, which is rare, so that was appreciated.Overall I'll go back for drinks and the atmosphere, but I would prefer to eat someplace else for a big dinner out.
3	Went there with a group of 7, sat on patio. Glad I read the other reviews, it helps me understand why some rate it 4 & 5 stars. Yes, great big patio, spacious, pool tables, couch sitting areas, dark wood, white trim, good happy hour prices. Unfortunately, we went there because we were just hungry, and our first choice stopped serving food at 9 pm. So they sent us to Kelly's. We chose to sit outside, which turned out to be right under the speaker, blaring old 80's rock. The waitress was nice about us asking her to turn it down a bit, as we couldn't really hear each other across the table. We ordered a cheese plate, 2 grilled artichoke apps, a Mac and cheese, and wine. The cheese plate was mediocre, nothing special, and smaller cheese plate portions than most we order: 8-10 Marcona almonds, some gelatinous slices that we think were pear flavored, a few baguette slices (& I mean A FEW, stingy for 2 of us), and very small portions of cheeses that really weren't too special. The grilled artichoke app was a failure for us: way too oily, and absolutely not worth the $10. The leaves were small and not very meaty; I think these were puny artichokes to start. When we were done with it, we felt like we had paid just to scrape our teeth on some leaves; it literally took NO edge off our hunger. (Suggestion: If they are that small, give us 3 halves, or put them on "sale" so we don't feel ripped off). In comparison, we just had an AMAZING arti app at a long-standing local restaurant (same name as a city in TX that starts with an "H") where it too costs $10, but was worth every penny because it was prepared & seasoned perfectly, moist & meaty, and actually made us feel as if we ate something in exchange for money.The mac and cheese was the tastiest thing, with a lot of mixed cheeses and a little jalapeno kick - nice.The wine was fine, but for $10/glass, it should be.I guess this is a weekend packed hot-spot, I can see the potential. Just don't go here for "real dinner," and at this time, Tuesdays aren't a hot night at Kelly's.
4	If you are looking for a crowd older than 30 in Old Towns this is your place.  It's a bit more sophisticated than most bars in old town with less of a "meat head" feel.  The women definitely had more clothes on than you would normally see in a bar in Old Town. =)  I would say more of a NYC feel to it.  Also for anyone in their 30's/40's this will be more your scene.  I got the feeling the people who frequented this bar actually had real jobs and worked in respectable businesses.   I am going to have to disagree with a previous review stating their Moscow Mule was good.  The cup it came in was cheap and didn't keep the drink cold like its intended purpose, but above all else it didn't taste good either. If you want a real Moscow Mule go to T. Cooks at the Royal Palms.  I only had drinks at the bar so I can't talk about food. To sum it all up, if you are looking for more classy and less trashy this might be the place for you.
2	Not a fan. I went for lunch with a group and we were literally the only people there. There were 12 of us and our food took a long time to come out. I got the mac n' cheese and wasn't very impressed compared to what I paid for it. Nothing special and kind of over priced.The staff was very friendly though, I'll give them that. I would go one more time at night to check out the bar scene there and give this place a second chance.
1	Not warm and fuzzy at all..female bartender kind of ignored us at first..menu VERY limited..bartenders are not familiar with menu..food so so...will not go back
3	It's new and confused.  Disclaimer (my evening was tainted with my bad mood associated with the fact that I had to drive that evening).  Ok, so Kelly's seems to want to be an Irish pub/bar.  It's huge and every room has a different feel.  The bar itself is very pubish (nice wood, cool globe lights) however, the patio would be best described as Tuscan (a region not found in Ireland).  There's a private party room with couches.  Then a secret patio with only three tables.  A hidden room with darts.  An open area for maybe more private parties.  A "lounge" area with chandeliers (definitely not irish chandeliers).  The drinks were good.  The food looked tasty but small servings and big dollar signs (actually, the dollar signs were in a normal font size.  It is the numbers behind them that made me uncomfortable).  I got a vegetable sandwich with salmon on it.  I intentional called it vegetable with salmon instead of the otherway around.  But it was very tasty.  Great picnic food! Medium for an irish pub though.It's a satisfying bar but don't expect it to be what you picture when you hear "Kelly's".  I'd return if friends were going but I wouldn't choose it on my own.
3	I love the good sized patio and the gas lamps add a nice classy touch. I would come back just to sit on the patio sipping drinks and observing a local species known as the Douchebagus Scottsdaleus in its natural habitat. The Douchebagus is a nocturnal creature that  typically travels in packs of three to eight and flourishes in the area engaging in a complex mating ritual that includes consuming copious amounts of alcohol and behaving in an increasingly obnoxious and self-absorbed manner until it attracts an equally obnoxious and self-absorbed mate.  The patio at Kelly's offers front row seating as packs of Douchebagi roam the streets, though this does detract from the classy touched afforded by the gas lamps.Beyond the front row entertainment, I was happy with the bruschetta and cheese plate and the Jameson girls were there so I enjoyed more than a few Jamey and Gingers (Jameson and Ginger Ale) on special for $4. For dessert I had a greyhound so the amateur-professional alcoholic in me could not have been happier.Laura was not thrilled about her steak sandwich and made it a mission not to let me order food (did I eat at all that night? I really can't remember) and some of the other people in our group repeatedly had to send back their drinks. The margarita "tasted like lime juice" if I recall. But I continued to happily down my Jamey and Gingers. So much that we eventually decided to move on.I think we did the right thing by starting here then moving on to drunker pastures.
4	Very cool, laid back bar in Old Town Scottsdale!  We showed up at happy hour and enjoyed the 1/2 price cocktails...the strawberry shamrock was AMAZING!  Highly recommend!
2	We visited Kelly's tonight for dinner around 5:45pm. The restaurant has a beautiful patio, nice drink menu but below average food.  I ordered the sweet potato soup which was excellent and expected the rest of the meal to be the same.  However, my steak sandwich arrived luke warm at best and was room temp by my second bite.  The sauce on the steak was not good and the cut of meat was disappointing (the steak was in little slices like stir fry beef).  My husband ordered the chicken and squash ravioli that came floating in lightly flavored water (not sure what the sauce was supposed to have been).  And the music was way too loud and strange. This is not a place we'll visit again.
4	I'm not sure if I'd give four stars for dinner because I only had lunch here but lunch  really was ABOVE AVERAGE FOR SURE! We ordered two sandwiches that were well crafted, had some above average ingredients and just where something special that you don't get at too many other places.I had what they called a tea sandwich. It's not what I think a tea sandwich is but whatever it was it was darn good. It was made of house cured salmon that was prepared very nice and wasn't fishy at all and more like butter in your mouth. The pickled cucumber radish salad with sprouts cut the richness of the fish and marscarpone cheese. They didn't use cheap common radishes but pretty heirloom ones.The bread was very fresh and was toasted absolutely perfect. This sandwich was very well crafted.My husband had the short rib sandwich. The meat was developed with flavor and cooked down still being rich. They used spinach, heirloom tomatoes and those  pickled cherry peppers that are a REAL TREAT to find in Arizona. The short rib sandwich came with fries.Both sandwiches really were very good but if I can be knit picky I thought both were a bit heavy on the bread to filling ratio. I ate the tea sandwich open faced. I thought it was enough food but it would have been nice if the tea sandwich came with something like a chunk of fruit.Very nice comfortable patio. Very nice treat for lunch!
3	The place is nice, the ambiance, not so sure, very Scottsdale I guess.  The appetizers that were ordered for the table, didn't look so great, so I skipped it, not worth the calories if it is not delicious.  My hubby's margarita was horrible, they had to do it over three times. I had a glass of bubbly.  It is so obnoxious of the smokers to stand next to you in the patio making you smell their grossness.  I have sinus issues and it is a hassle, I had to move to the other side of the table so I could breath, because the douchebags couldn't move closer to the edge of the patio.  I guess they can keep sucking on their cancer stick since I am not rushing back to Kelly's any time soon.
4	Kelly's is a fresh addition to Old Town and feels like a bar out of San Francisco or Chicago. Those who visit Kelly's seem to be professionals in the mid-late 20's and 30's so it's not a bar where you'll see lots of people in college. The interior is warm with dark wooden panels and dim lightening. They have a good amount of indoor seating, they have a private room in the back, but the most seating lies on their spacious patio. Their patio is one of the best decks around and offers a great area to sit and enjoy some food and drinks when the weather's nice. I also really enjoyed their drinks which are made fresh with very fresh ingredients. During my recent visit, I ordered a chicken sandwich and french fries. The food is several steps above your typical bar food and offers a nice flavor. All in all, I am a big fan of Kelly's and I think this is a perfect lounge to frequent. However, I personally liked it the most in the early evening. It was one in one out by 10 PM!
3	Overall, Kelly's was a decent place to drink and socialize.Saturday night around 9 and there was a line out the front door. Though we waited just a little, it was enough Scottsdaleness to be a slight turn-off. The atmosphere was very lively and the inside was packed. There are several back rooms and side bars that do make it easy to tuck yourself away from the main area fray. Once we perched at the bar, it was easy to order drinks and I really enjoyed myself. Their huge patio can get you some fresh air if you don't mind the smokers. Typical "bar with patio" problems.One of the best parts about Kelly's is the location away from the Scottsdale club scene. It gives it a classiness that is difficult to find elsewhere and the clientele reflects that. I would like to come back and try their dinner/lunch selections and experience more of the patio from a seated position.If you're looking for a good place to drink, check out Kelly's. If it's packed, you should probably go elsewhere. It's walking distance from many other places that are cheaper and not as busy... if all you're doing is drinking.
4	My husband and I took our middle aged selves out for a late afternoon of happy hour-ing this week with no particular plan or place in mind. Kelly's looked just about right so we toddled in and were seated at a table on the patio. Our server was prompt and courteous. Ordered off the happy hour menu, everything was four dollah. We only had a couple of beers, glass of wine and two apps. Might try it for dinner, but other Yelp reviews paint a completely different picture for evening festivities which may not be our cup of chardonnay.  Also have to agree with other reviewers about smokers on the deck. There were eight people on the deck while we were out there and half were smoking. UGH.
1	For $20 at the side door Andrew will let you skip the line. This place is over rated.
4	Great spot for a casual drink in old town. Love the patio and the big round bar. Most bartenders pour weak drinks but overall great spot!
4	Well, not sure if my single visit here on a not-so-busy Sunday night (the day before NYE to be exact) is necessarily a "typical" experience this place can be judged by, but I like what I saw (and drank).Even with the location, I'm actually kind of shocked from reading the reviews this place is actually as crowded as it sounds like on a Saturday night. Even though there's a large bar, pool tables, and couches, I got more a restaurant vibe so I figured it would attract a more casual, early crowd. Although, I will say the "Irish pub" theme here is a little more "upscale" and less "hole-in-the-wall."Like I said, I was here on a Sunday, when Kelly's has all day happy hour (another reason my experience here was pretty positive). HH at Kelly's is $4 off there fancier normally $10-$12 cocktails & $2 off there normally $6 beers. $4 Kilt Lifters? I can dig it (and I did!).Maybe if I came here for dinner or on a late Saturday night I might have felt differently about this place, but my experience at Kelly's was pretty positive and I'd come back...especially during HH (which I believe is 3-7 Mon-Sat, and all day Sunday).
2	I wasn't impressed with Kelly's as a restaurant.  Half of the menu was unavailable while I was there because they were in the middle of changing it.  Everything I wanted was not available.  Once I received my food, it wasn't the best either.  It was a sandwich.  How hard is that to make?  Anyway, this place is better for drinking and going out, not eating.  All of the old town people go here now, so it's one of the new hot spots.  I'm not sure I love the crowd though.  It's filled with bitchy girls and douchebags.  Check it out for yourself if you'd like.
4	About eleven of us were meeting up for a night out on the town and I decided we should meet at Kelly's since: a) I have never been there and wanted to check it out (IT'S ALL ABOUT ME!); and b)we wanted some food in our stomach in case we decided to drink a little (aka a lot).The patio wasn't open yet, so we sat inside in a very large, but comfortable booth. The outside patio is very spacious with clear lights wrapping around trees and iron posts and with its own bar tucked nicely into the corner.The inside bar area look sophisticated, but casual, and the lighting throughout the restaurant bar was dim and for some reason I couldn't help but be reminded slightly of Mabel's on Main.The food was pretty tasty and while the prices aren't ridiculously high, I think they are a little overpriced. My friend ordered the calamari ($9) that came with a delicious spicy aioli dipping sauce. I wasn't a fan of the tempura fried calamari itself. I  felt like there was too much tempura that you couldn't taste the calamari. I ordered the poached pear bruschetta ($9) that was layered thick with soft bleu cheese and topped with garlic shreds. It was okay, I don't think I would order it again. My other friend ordered the Shaft Bleu burger ($14) that came with fries. The burger was a normal size, I didn't taste that, but the fries were deliciously crisp and fresh tasting that some other friends, due to the sampling, order a side all by themselves. Onto the drinks! Everyone was happy with their weapon of choice and we did not have any problems with drink preparation like some of the other Yelpers. Since Kelly's does not stock Hendrick's, I went for something different and chose their Strawberry Shamrock drink ($10). I quickly became addicted and highly recommend this beverage consisting of strawberry rum, cucumber vodka, muddled mint, sweet n sour, and soda water. My one friend tried the Moscow Mule (after handing over her ID for the server to keep so that she doesn't steal the copper mug that they serve it in - weird) and she also tried the Arizona Mule, which differs to the Moscow Mule due to the addition of grapefruit bitters and that it is served in a silver mug (but she didn't have to give her ID back to the server for that one). She recommends staying with the Moscow Mule.The service was great, even with our large party. The bathrooms were clean, but small for the size of the restaurant. All in all, we would come back for drinks, but undecided about the food.
5	I am undecided between four and five stars so I went with five because overall this second very good experience exceeded my expectations.We started our dinner with happy hour prices and got a pretty good bottle of wine half price for almost what it cost you at the store and those tasty Haloumi Cheese stuffed cherry peppers for only $4.00.We went with burgers for dinner and I have to say my nearly perfect burger was the most delicious burger I ever had out and is deserving of a more fitting name like maybe Mary Poppins, Practically Perfect in Every way! I tried what they named the sweet chili Burger. This burger doesn't need cheese or bacon or even sauce to make it taste good. This burger was really different and creative with layers of flavors and the perfect bun to meat ratio. The roll was buttery fresh and lightly salted and never fell apart while eating the sandwich. The delicious patty is made of Short rib , sirloin , chuck and brisket and is also seasoned. Toppings were pickled fresno chiles ,onions , cucumbers and under the patty were greens. This combination was a flavor bomb! My only minor criticism is the patty seemed a bit dense and maybe the meat was packed too tight. The side I picked were the mixed vegetables and they were beautiful above average vegetables including broccolini and wax beans. I really enjoyed this burger.My husband enjoyed the Kelly's Original Burger and had the tasty perfect onion straws with it.I also purchased a Kelly's local dines dot com certificate and saved a good amount of the bill with that too.That seems like an overall five stars to me.
4	Pleasantly pleased with the layout and crowd at Kelly's during the weekends.  Have mostly been for drinks an people watching.  The huge wrap around bar makes for a great spread and the bartenders have a steady hand.Have only eaten there once, but wow the apps were great.  Make sure to give them a go...Fingerling Potatoes, Ahi Tuna Tartare, Roasted Brussel Sprouts,  and the BBQ Short Rib Sandwich.Kelly's steps up the Scottsdale atmosphere all at a great price point.
4	This was also part of our recent culinary tour.  We were served a combo of their desserts - doughnuts and their version of a twinkie.  Fabulous!  Drinks were a plus too.  They manager was extremely friendly to our group.  Definitely a good waterin' hole!
5	Delicious burger, cooked to perfection.  The house made fries were very good.  My daughter had the smoked salmon sandwhich.  She raved about it.  It was such a beautiful looking sandwhich she took a picture of it.  The server was friendly and informative about the menu.  Great food for a very fair price.
1	I was NOT impressed with the typical Scottsdale douchebag doorman who kept us outside in the freezing cold even though the bar was half empty.  Once we were finally inside, we had a great time.  We met our friends at the bar and enjoyed a great evening.  Good vibe inside and decent drinks.  We will be back!
1	A group of us left the Giants' Spring Training game and were solicited with coupons that said "15% Off Entire Bill" in bold print.  You would think "Entire Bill" meant ENTIRE bill.  But in the nice fine print down below it says excluding alcohol.    I work in marketing and I felt this was a deceptive and shady business practice.  I don't care about the extra money we didn't save; I just feel like we were tricked.  Scottsdale has a thousand other places that won't pull this on patrons, so please take your business to one of those.
5	Great Spot!! Good friendly crowd, easy on the eyes too ;).  Not your 'Scottsdale' El Hefe or Scottsdale guys/girls crowd.  Non 21-25 year old crowd:). Have fun, be nice to door guys...bartenders, fair.
5	I dig this place! The staff is friendly, the food solid, the atmosphere fun and casual. A nightclub for adults who have thrown away their shiny shirts and Versace suits. A fun time with good eats. Give it a try.
3	I hate writing negative things about places I love. I really do love Kellys. They have one of the best patios around and its always fun.Some friends and I were here for happy hour and things started off great - great drinks, great apps - had the ceviche and one of the bruschetta's (forget which one and not even sure if thats spelled correctly but it was awesome). Our friends met up with us and decided that we should stay for dinner. I've eaten there but not a full dinner - their apps are always so good so what could go wrong with dinner right? So we order another app for the table and it never comes out. We make a comment to our waitress and from her reaction, we know she forgot to order it. Cool - it happens, all of us either work or have worked in the restaurant industry and we know what its like when it gets busy. So she walks away and one of our friends food comes out. She comes back over and tells us that she straight out forgot to order the app and its also been 86'd so we can't get it anyway. Our friend already had her food so we were like whatever, our food will come out soon too. So about 10 minutes later 2 more plates come out. We told our friend to eat before so by the time their food came out, she was well into her dish. We wait about another 10 minutes or so and my food never comes out. So after another 10 minutes we finally get our waitress over and come to find out my dish had been 86'd too. By the time we figure this all out, my friends were done with their meals and I had nothing. Their food was good - Kelly's food is always good.Our waitress comped my meal and I was able to order something new, but it took another 20 minutes to get that out. I wasn't even hungry anymore and frustrated so I asked for it to go. Normally I don't bother telling a manager or anything, I'm not one to complain too much and usually just go on my way, but this was pretty bad. I had to ask to see a manager 3 times and he was not quick to come to us.So I finally talked to the manager and am really positive about it all - I really do get it! Shit happens but I think it was really important for him to know what went down. I wasn't looking to get anything for free - I did already when she comped my meal.Needless to say it wasn't a perfect experience but I will be back because I really do love the place and hope/think this was just a fluke. My burger was great once I got home and I hope my next review will be a perfect 5 star review cause they do deserve that next time.
4	Very nice atmosphere and great patio. This place gets packed Friday and Saturday nights. We came early after a Spring Training game and had some drinks and food. The brussel sprouts were pretty tasty.
3	Huge inside with tons of seating which rocks.   Big, cool patio- but why not add some live music  or a dj out there??    Bartendars are not friendly or helpful. Been here 1/2 dozen times and all they say is "what do you want to drink?" . Would love a friendly staff- it would make me want to come here more often
3	I finally experienced this place in a sober enough state to feel just thoroughly confused. I kind of felt like I was in the middle of a match.com event or something.. a bunch of people awkwardly over dressed trying so very hard to impress one another. drinking out of tin cans. overpriced drinks. out of tin cans. I'm being kind of unforgiving, and judgmental, and exaggerating, but I cant help it. ending on a positive note, the decor in here is pretty cool. spooky like - almost a mix of Kazimierz and 5th and Wine.. I wanna say? It's cozy, and maybe if not full of Idiots, I'd return (sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry).
4	I enjoyed a nice lunch here with co-workers. The service was good, a little slow, but we weren't in a rush. The salad I ordered was delicious and the server kept our drinks full. Thanks for a nice dining experience. P.S. I didn't pay for the bill, but I think it's a little pricey.
4	Have been here a few times. I like the atmosphere and the servers were very easy going and laid back. It wasn't busy so the service was top notch though I have been there on nights it was slammed and they still managed to do a pretty good job. I will decently be back. Don't take offense it that it's only a four star rating. It's hard for me to give a five anywhere. :)
3	What I like about Kelly's is that it isn't a "college bar" like you'll find down the street in Old Town or on Mill.  It's very classy, with a great patio and a decent wine list.  At night it get busy and feels like a regular bar, but during the day it has a nice chill atmosphere.What I dislike is the same I dislike about most Scottsdale venues; both patrons and the servers tend to think highly of themselves.  Everything is priced a little higher.  These aren't deal-breakers, but it's not something I go for if I can help it.Last time I was here was a gorgeous Sunday afternoon, and our large group was offered a couch on the patio.  The ambiance and weather were perfect.  The server got us excited about half-priced bottles of wine (or champagne) and we ordered some.  It was quite lovely to sit back with good conversation and sip a nice merlot in the 75 degree sunshine.  I'm pretty sure we made it clear we weren't eating, but she kept asking if we were ready to order food.  When we asked for the bill, we realized the reason for her persistence was the fact that the half-priced bottles was only available with a food order.  Interesting tid-bit she left out at the beginning there.  We got a quick side of fries to solve that problem.I would be unlikely to choose Kelly's if it were up to me, but I'll tag along if I'm invited.  I have no major complaints, it just doesn't quite seem worth the price (if you miss one of the specials or fail to order food).
4	Much of old town is the same, dark room music lame drinks and 30k millionairess douche`s. I f you can not tell I am so over that scene. However Kellys breaks the mold. It has a nice patio and real cocktails that make use of some unique components. I was a bit disappointed that my drink came in a glass rather than the copper mug listed on the menu but the Moscow mule was tasty and at $13 it should be.Music outside was audible but not too loud and the lighting was decent.
5	Great food and wonderful location.  The tuna appetizer is fantastic and the four square burger is best in old town.  Great service and ambience make this place a must-try in old town.
3	I only drank here, but found it to be nice, with fair prices and a good crowd. I'd go back...
4	Kelly's is one of the few bars in old town that justifies repeat visits, as it successfully handles being a modest, welcoming establishment in an area that panders to elitism and usually ignores the point of going out: actually being fun.Kelly's is remarkable for its savvy architecture, spanning multiple rooms that are easily accessed, but strategically intimate. Before the bar gets packed (around 10 p.m.), you can find sofas, televisions, pool, darts, etc. broken off into individual areas that seclude without excluding other patrons. The bar games are free and of high quality (the dartboards are most impressive), while the lounge seating is trendy and comfortable. These qualities allow Kelly's patrons to actually enjoy themselves while imbibing or eating. Plus, the decor has an excellent sense of the macabre and unique, blending African artwork, breweriana, and abstract shapes into a melting pot of modern taste.I didn't eat there; however, the drinks were a cut above other old town cocktails, as they were stiff and made with excellent spirits. The Manhattan I had struck all the right chords and the Arizona Mule was an exciting, bitter take on the Moscow Mule, without losing the spiciness of the ginger. The bar staff was courteous and attentive, with a good sense of humor and consistent mixing skills. Nothing was watered down or aggressively one-note.The drinks are, regrettably, a few dollars overpriced, but I don't understand the frustrations with the pricing that have been voiced in other reviews, as that is par for the course in old town. I didn't feel ripped off, as the ambiance and drink quality make up for the steep bill (unlike most old town bars where the pricing has no correlation to a sense of quality), but I definitely noticed how much the drinks cost. Similarly, the clientele is not going to be fundamentally different than other old town bars. You came to an old town bar -- you should know what you're getting yourself into. Kelly's succeeds far more than it fails, fusing modesty with quality; just be prepared to pay a little bit more for it.
4	Having lived out of the country for a few years, it's shocking to see how many bars and clubs have come and gone in Scottsdale and Tempe over the short course of 3 years. So at the suggestion of a friend working in the industry, I scheduled a meetup at Kelly's at the start of our night out on the town.I can't even remember what used to be here before - but Kelly's is huge. Considering the size of most Old Town bars, Kelly's is like the Mall of America. Lots of difference areas the hang and chill indoors and out is really nice especially when the weather changes. And as big as it was, it did fill up quite quickly, which shows its popularity.Drink prices seemed average and service was fast (earlier in the evening) but the waitresses that came around seemed to be pretty efficient. I have a group of 17 people spanning 2 tables on the patio, and everyone seemed really happy and having a good time. Next time I am back in town, if Kelly's is around (and by the looks of it I would assume so) I'll probably make it my group meetup again.
5	Kelly's is my favorite bar in OldTown. Every time my friends and I go out in OldTown- Kelly's is a must! I just love the ambiance and the decor. The outside tree with the lights on it is so fun! The bartenders and managers are all great too. If you want to have a great night at an upscale bar- Kelly's is a great choice!
4	Awesome place.  Love coming here with friends and just hangout.  You don't really see many Scottsdale DB's here which is nice.  The staff is friendly and professional.
2	Restaurant by day, club by night.I hate this place, and I always get dragged here.The inside and outside patio is always full. After a certain time of night, you cant get to the bar. So youre reduced to going to the mini bar/beer tub outside. Every time Ive been out there, the bartender has been so rude. Hes looked right past me to the skimpily clad girl behind me even though its a line format outside.While they do have decent taps (my only reason for 2 stars), their mixed drinks are not very good. Theyre not well mixed. Its either way too strong or barely any alcohol.I have tasted their food, and it was good, but that was at an event off of their property.If you like loud clubs w/ terrible drinks, come here after 9pm. Youll have a blast.
3	This is a great place to people watch if you can get through the door.  Kelly's started off as a quiet bar in Old Town and now you must wait in line.  I have to admit the drinks at the this place are great.  The Moscow Mules and Arizona Mules are delicious.  Don't walk away with the silver or cooper mug, they will charge you.  The food and drinks prices are reasonable. I love the lounge-feel of Kelly's.  They have tons of indoor and outdoor seating.  If darts are your game, check out the back room.  I have only been here for drinks but I'll to visit to check out their food menu.
4	Great spot for drinks! I'm not sure how long this spot has been here, as I never saw it. The food looked really good and I look back to trying Kelly's prior to eating dinner. We came as an early evening, post-dinner spot to hangout. The crowd was fairly thick for a week night, but we had a good time.The patio seems like a wonderful place for an event. The ambiance is quiet and peaceful.This is way better than YardHouse for a late night spot to connect.
4	Great spot in Old Town.  It is a lot bigger than it seems from the outside.  They have a putting green in the back, pool table, dart boards, and great drinks.  Try a Moscow mule or one of their many beers.  Only downside is that this place is always packed, so there is usually a line.  The line is there for a reason, very chill place.
3	Meh, I don't think this place is that great. I mean yeah I guess it's nice to have yet another option for happy hour in Old Town but I don't know. I think it's pretty overpriced, maybe even a little bit stuffy. The drinks are good but they're expensive. I feel like every time I'm there I'm trying to order 7 drinks at a time before happy hour is over so I'm not paying $10-12 bucks a pop. Parking can be a pain here too. I've never had any of their food except one the Haloumi cheese stuffed cherry peppers.Those were pretty good but my mind wasn't blown. The Moscow and Arizona mules are good. The skinny marg has kind of a weird taste.  I'll definitely come back here I don't hate it, but when I am in the mood for happy hour I'm looking for some place more like the Lodge.
2	Once a month I go through this awesome experience: "Let's go to old town"Me: Ahhh fucking Christ [anxiety starts kicking in as I picture crowds of douche bags, annoying people everywhere, struggles with cabs, girls attempting to walk in heels that look like they are fucking handicapped, and a guaranteed $100 if not $200 spend], where are we going?""Let's go to Kelly's"Me: "FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK"The only word to describe this bar is: bland.  They have a solid piece of real estate, and a nice little setup, but apart from that this place blows.Drinks? OverpricedService? SlowFood? ShittyCrowds? YESWhy the fuck do people come here?  Kelly's is packed with a bunch of people who don't really know or like each other, people who aren't really good friends.  Friends have stuff in common, so they can agree on a certain bar. No one wants to go to Kelly's, it's just the only place left to go when you and a group of 8 idiots can't agree on a place.  Don't believe me? Read all the reviews on here and see how many of them say: "Me and 26 of my *closest* friends decided to meet here" or something to that effect.Newsflash: You shouldn't be in a fucking group that big, that's why this place is packed.  Girls night groups of 10 wander around waiting to get molested while even more single dudes pretending to be respectable huddle around with their dicks in their hands.Go here on a Sunday afternoon. I've done it, and it was decent. You'll have the place to yourself and everything I've said above won't really apply, except for this shit prices of course.However, if it's a weekend (let's face it: it is) you'll get more bang for your buck standing in line at a port-a-potty than standing in a line to get into this joke.
4	Overall, nice bar/restaurant with nice ambiance.  Looking forward to spending a little more time here for dinner or drinks.  Updated review to come then...
4	Ahh, Kelly's....one of our favorite watering holes in Old Town.  We love coming here for happy hour.  They just added Stone IPA on the Beer menu, which is one of my favorites.  We enjoy coming here because it's relatively big and comfortable.  There are large sofas and love seats sprawled through one section of the bar, so there's plenty of room to relax.  The bar top is very wide, so there's plenty of room for your drinks and food.  There's even an outdoor area when the weather is nice....something for everyone.  That's why we like to come here....very few complaints from our clients and colleagues when we choose to meet up here.Will have to try the food one day.Return Factor - 90%
3	Went for lunch.  Our sandwiches were good, but the service was dreadful.  There was one poor waitress handling the whole joint.  Lotsa cougar wannabes in the crowd for late lunch on a Sunday.
4	Okay Kelly's is a great place to meet friends hand have a drink and maybe a bit to eat.  I like it here.  There is lots of places to just hang out and get to know people or catch up with friends!   Is it load -  yesIs it a little expensive - yesIs the service a little slow- yes Is there a velvet rope - yesBut really this is old town what else would you expect!  Oooo and if you do decide to have dinner here.... I give the short ribs a 5!
3	I am a big fan of their signature cocktail- Arizona Mule; it comes in a silver mug if you promise not to steal it Ha!  The bartenders were pleasant and gave good suggestions too; they really seemed to know the menu.  The food was pretty good and way above average compared to typical bar fare.  I had the Gas Lamp Chicken Sandwich and loved the grilled zucchini that came on it!  The fries were gobbled up by my friends.  It did however take forever to get my food and it was not that busy, but I think I need to come back again and maybe things will go a bit smoother.  The crowd was pretty eclectic, but definitely erred on the younger side.  I am sure I will be back again.
5	Love love love Kelly's!   I just discovered this spot while I was doing The Taste of Scottsdale tour.  We stopped there for dessert.  The restaurant gives you the feel of an elegant Irish pub.  They have a pool table, dart board, putting green and HUGE patio!  In the past, I always thought of Kelly's as a bar or late night hang out (which is not really my thing) but I was very wrong!  Their menu looked amazing!  They have an "award winning" four cut burger--which I will try next time!  Dessert was delish!  We had the doughnut holes and Kelly's twinkie.  Both were excellent! I was most impressed with the service!  We were greeted right away.  While we were eating our dessert both a manager and the chef stopped by to check on us.  I was most impressed that the chef and manager cared so much about our experience!  A+ service!  I'm glad I found this new gem in Old Town Scottsdale!  I can't wait to go back to Kelly's!
4	I cannot believe I haven't been here before. Yes, the bar is cool and the patio is nice (even though it was freakishly warm last Friday) but what really struck me was the people. I have a little pet peeve with the Scottsdale arena and sometimes I feel myself disliking the patron as some establishments due to the fact that Scottsdale can often be less than inviting and quite stuck up, not at this place. I really enjoyed the people here. - I have lots of reasons to go back here, but one thing in particular must be to try their version of the already awesome Moscow Mule. I am not sure what's added or changed, but the house version is stated to be awesome and I will find this out for myself. A negative is that they only have one little bathroom. That's unbelievable. And if the case would be that there are more bathrooms, then the negative is that I couldn't find them. An important thing when creating a comfortable drinking establishment, must be to make the act of relieving yourself and quick and easy ordeal - otherwise lots of valuable drinking time gets wasted in the pursue and wait of previously said relief. - I will come back, and I will evaluate this establishment more thoroughly.
4	Food is great and so is the service.  I have been here on multiple occasions and have enjoyed it every time.  The waiters and management are very friendlly and make sure everything is great.  Plus, they have a putting green, which I sunk three hole in ones, kind of fun.  Free champagne on ladies night rocks.
2	Good food, great atmosphere, bad bad service. I was here for a college football game and had a bartender swear at me under his breath for sitting at the bar too long. It's a football game! He also gave me attitude when he messed up my check. I might go back but if this guy is there again I'll turn around and walk out.
5	I made reservations here for a work party I was planning for 35 people. I called and spoke with someone who advised she would have the chef call me back to confirm. He called me a day or two later and I told him what I was looking for and what the event was for. He advised he would seat us on the VIP, or raised, portion of the patio and that it would be the perfect size and he would waive the fees or food and beverage minimum. We had a bit of a miscommunication, which was my fault, that I didn't know about until I showed up at Kelly's the night of the party. I explained I wanted drinks and heavy appetizers like sliders, guacamole, ceviche, tuna tartar etc. Though I told him this, I never made it clear that I actually wanted to order that and have it ready when the guests arrived. The error was pointed out by our practice manager and Chef was VERY accomodating and quick to get the food started and served. Most of our guests didn't even realize there had been any sort of mix up.The rest of the staff, especially Sarah, handled our large group like pros. Our drinks came quick, orders were never mixed up and everyone was friendly and helpful, which isn't always the case with groups of this size.I can't wait to come back. Maybe a date night is in order soon!
4	Good singles scene at night on the weekends. The place wasn't totally packed, but had enough people to keep you there for a few hours. Beers were about $5 and the crowd wasn't that "scottsdale" crowd that I had heard about, plus no cover charge. There also are a few back rooms and outdoor areas and plenty of TV's. Also tried some appetizers on a previous visit and the stuffed cherry peppers were the highlight of that bunch of Happy Hour specials.
4	Already been here twice and am definitely going back again. It's got a nice vibe and atmosphere. The interior as well as exterior are superbly designed - very tasteful. Outside, are Christmas lights and a tree in the middle of the outdoor patio which is all very beautiful. Inside are different sections you can sit in, if you want to be secluded you can, if you want a couch in the back you got it, if you want to play putt-putt (south east of the building) you can, if you want to sit in a separate patio (the smaller one at the east side of the building) you can. There's just an overload of options, which is fantastic. So this is basically a bar and lounge overall, not for dancing, just fyi.
4	Our first time there and we loved it ! the food was great  !My husbands hamburger and my fish and chips were amazing. We also loved our ceviche appetizer. So glad we found this place. The service was also very good. Cant wait to go back
4	The first time I was here was for a party of about 30 that I had planned. I had never been here before, or even heard of Kelly's. I just knew the area that we wanted to be in and used Yelp to find a place with good reviews.I called and made the reservations but was leary after talking to whomever answered the phone. Leary because anywhere else I had called had me speak with someone in catering, asked a bunch of questions and would email me a quote. This was nothing like that, but everything worked perfectly (you can read my initial review about that experience)I was recently tasked with planning another party, this time a birthday for my boyfriend. Kelly's was my first choice. I called and made reservations easily and was very excited to go there again.A few of us arrived about 10 minutes early, and they accomodated us by rushing to clear off the table that was reserved for us. As experienced the previous time, staff was friendly and service was great.Here are the reasons I lowered my review to four stars, rather than 5 again:1. Most of us did not have utensils, napkins or plates by the time appetizers were served.2. My boyfriends burger was very undercooked (medium, maybe even medium rare rather than well-done). He's kind of picky, but didn't notice right away (it was dark outside) but lost his appetite once he saw how pink and bloody the burger was. He told the server who offered to replace it but he declined. And still paid for it. In my opinion (and I've never worked food service so this may not be realistic) but if you're going to offer to make him a new burger, and he declines, why not  just not charge him for the burger instead?3. Location of our table. We were on the patio at a table long enough for the 16 of us there. Our table was off to the front side of the patio near the entrance and is quite narrow. There would usually be enough room still for people to walk past us when everyone was seated, however there was some holiday decore out which took up a bit of space. Customers and staff still continued to use this walk way continuously bumping into us or making us move our chairs in while we ate.So all that said, had this been my first experience, I would have scored Kelly's with 3 stars. But here's what made a potential 3 star review, a 4 star review1. Our server Sarah. She was the same server I had at the previous event. She is friendly, patient and knowledgable of the menu.2. Our water glasses were never less than half full.3. The food and drinks were brought out almost as quickly as they were ordered.4. We asked for, and got, individual bills (you'll understand what a big deal this is for us if you saw my review of AMF Lanes).So all that, plus the experience of our previous visit increased my review from 3-4 stars. This is one of my new favorite restaurants, hands down.
3	I was here for a quick drink with friends. It was a packed house on a Saturday night at the bar. We grabbed a table near the entrance and were pretty much in and out so I didn't get a full on experience. Seems like a fun place to go. Lots of people, good energy, cozy seating for reserved parties with couches and classy decor. I only had a vodka soda so I can't really comment on any specialty drinks or food, but the service was pretty good and I'll try it out again when I'm in the area.
4	I've been here a couple times and like the vibe overall. I find that Kelly's is spacious, has friendly staff and delicious cocktails! This is a different kind of bar then most in Old Town and find myself drawn here for those reasons. I enjoy the dim lights, wood interior and current holiday decorations. I have not tried the food but hope to soon!
4	I was here for a Gentleman Jack event and I really enjoyed it! It has a really nice atmosphere and the food I tried was fantastic.  I can't wait to come back and actually have a full meal!
4	What a delightful treat! My friend and I popped in for a very short breakfast before a beauty appointment in that area. I'm *still* kicking myself we ran short on time!  We were greeted warmly by the bartender and asked to seat ourselves anywhere. Oof! Was this difficult! So many appealing choices to pick from. Ultimately we settled ourselves on these super comfortable couches. After explaining our schedule constraints to Ashlynn (who rocks it with her blue tipped hair) our food came out in short order.Lest I forget, their coffee is served with a treat of sweet heavy cream. I missed the introduction as I was powdering my nose. But it is sufficiently flavored that many may not need sugar. Yum!Their cheese board is ginormous! I love cheese and was craving something warm so we also ordered the mac & cheese WITH BACON. Yes. That exists. You should try that if you're ever in the mood for some comfort food. Be warned this is 1) not diet food 2) very filling 3) should be shared. I did not share it.Go ahead. Judge.This place is bookmarked for me to return! I definitely would like to sample their drinky treats and lounge when I have more time. Super, super cute place! Big fan of how nice and friendly all the servers were.
4	I have been there twice now.  First time sat at a high top booth table next to the window. This visit we sat at the comfy couched closer to the pool  table area. Both were really comfy and inviting.  The place is decked out for Christmas. Couldn't stop myself from having the cheese board again !! It was soooooo good and BIG. This time our waitress was Ashlynn and she was awesome fitting lunch into our time constraint.  Also tried the mac and cheese with bacon it made my friends taste buds sing, but was a little too rich for me. Great shared item though.  Too bad we didn't have time to have some wine or dessert.  We will sure to be back when we have longer to stay.
4	Kelly's is by far one of my favorite places in Old Town for a night out. I like that it's casual yet still dressy and slightly upscale. You know what I mean? Like it still feels like Scottsdale nightlife but not what people think of as Scottsdale nightlife that has them fleeing to Tempe or Phoenix. Great house cocktails (AZ Mule is a must try) and generally a good mix between "beautiful people" and average folks. In fact, I would say the crowd is diverse by Scottsdale standards. I mostly come here at night but the food is pretty good too. One thing to note (and I say this only because I've seen many a person fall for this) there is one bathroom that is in plain sight and it's a onesie but that's not the only bathroom walk passed the bar and hang a left. I know, what a silly and unsexy thing to write about in a review of a sexy little bar but I know every woman reading this can attest that knowing the bathroom situation is important. :-)
5	Kelly's is one of my go-to spots for watering holes in Old Town. I don't feel "too old" here but I also don't feel the place is crawling w/geriatrics either. Good diverse mix of ppl.It's pretty chill still around 9 or 10p ish but then gets pretty packed around 11 onward.The servers are so COOL and nice. I always try to tip pretty generously w/them.Try to ceviche here also - it's tasty. Have a friend who puffs cancer sticks? Send them on their merry way out to the patio w/the other puffers.
1	NYE dinner was a catastrophe...table of ten waited an hour for our soup and salad. After talking to the manager, we received our salad, which was subpar. The entree was nothing to write home about, as well as the dessert. All in, the idea of having a NYE dinner at Kelleys was a bad decision.
5	Great place. Very cool specialty cocktails and a large social bar. Well done! New favorite hang out.
3	Food was jsut ok.  Tried the Kelly's original four cut burger and wasn't impressed.  Had a better burger at Zin Burger.  But the atmosphere is very nice.  The Moscow mule was great.  I think this is the place that charges you if you take the copper cup the Moscow mule is served in.  It didn't matter to me as I don't see why people would steel that copper cup.  My friend had the fish and chips, it was good, nothing spectacular.  Love the patio.
4	1st time here but a great burger, decor and outdoor seating.  Fun place.
4	Started with fingerling potatoes and Pear & Blue Cheese bruschetta. The potatoes were varied, colorful and very tasty. Nice sour cream & chive sauce which they bathed in. Great start ;)We were seated outside at the patio, good ambience, intimate lighting and weather didn't hurt (75F) :)The entrees were even better! Chicken Parm and Chicken/ Butternut Squash Ravioli. Chicken Parm had Gemelli pasta and white sauce. Really nice combo ;)Wrapped it up with cinnamon donut holes and chocolate covered strawberries! Excellent, just excellent. Would definitely recommend!
4	We stopped in here as the concluding stop on our food tour of old town Scottsdale with Destination Food tours. We were warmly greeted by the owner and given the grand tour of the place including the putting green, dart room, secret private back patio (perfect for small groups) and then settled in on these great wicker couches on the huge outdoor patio.  Because we were part of a tour, the owner brought out a bunch of free ginger beer & dark rum cocktails (yum!) on the house along with the scheduled dessert course (cinnamon donut holes and a yummy red velvet and marshmallow cake).  It was the perfect way to end our 3-hour tour and a spot I'm definitely putting on my list for a future visit to the area.
5	Awesome burgers. Max the bartender makes a mean Bloody Mary. Great place! Go!
4	Great service and staff. Food was just ok.  Great atmosphere and reasonably priced!Check this place out!  All ages and very nice patios!
5	Wound up at Kelly's last night. Our server Sierra was fantastic and a total sweetheart. Even though the bar became pretty packed (Spring Training), the service was consistently great the whole time.We had the Haloumi cheese stuffed cherry peppers as well as Ahi tuna cups. Both appetizers were delicious.Cocktails were really good and we also sampled some Jameson whiskey and ginger ale from the Jameson girls. It was overall a younger crowd last night but there was enough of a mix that it made for great people watching.
5	I just love this bar! Great atmosphere friendly bar tenders.   I have not tried the food yet but have heard good things. All ages are at this bar.
3	Genteel by day, crazy by evening.  I just wonder how those middle-aged ladies who lunch would react to the hormone driven scene after 9:00 each evening.
3	Meh.... I don't really care for the vibe. It's kinda like an upscale dive bar. It's bland and full of bland people. The food is pretty good and that's why I'm giving it a little credit.
5	Wow! Stopped in with my wife to get something to eat. We were not prepared. We are from San Diego and have no history of eating at Pubs.This place is amazing with a capital Zing! Their food is incredible. Good Lord what a find.
1	I am originally from Scottsdale, but I live In NYC now.  I am in town and my parents took me to Kelly's last night.  I don't typically write reviews whether the restaurant is good or bad, but this place was so awful, I thought I owed it to society to warn you about this place.  Right when we showed up  the hostess looked like she had just gotten in a fight with her boyfriend and had a disgusted scowl on her face...she said we could sit anywhere.  Patio is nice so I was able to ignore the rude entrance.  We chose a table on the patio and it literally took 7 minutes for someone to even acknowledge our existence and finally bring us water.  Just as they did that, we realized the table cloth was absolutely filthy.  So we decided to just move to another table...once we sat down there, we realized that table was not sturdy at all and had to move to a 3rd table.  While this was going on, I mentioned to the waiter that we had to move bec the table cloth was filthy...2 minutes later I saw another waiter come and I was happy to see they were addressing the dirty cloth. However, I soon realized, instead of putting a clean cloth on, they just turned it inside out.  Same thing you would do with a stained couch cushion.Moving along, we are now at our 3rd table and I could feel there was something strange under the cloth. I lifted the cloth up and the table looked to be at least 30 years old and was fully rotting away.  I still cannot understand how that table was not thrown out years ago, but I guess they figured a dirty table cloth would at least keep the customers from getting any splinters.At this point I just wanted to eat and get the hell out of there.  I ordered a cheeseburger medium rare and I think to them that means to sear the meat for 5 seconds. It is pretty hard to screw up a cheeseburger, but they succeeded in this also.  It was awful and I didn't even eat 1/2 of it.With all of this going on, the entire staff looked miserable and were extremely unfriendly.  I'm not sure if it was just a bad night for every single employee, but I work hard at my job and a smile is not too much to ask for.I could probably type a lot more about my hour long experience at Kelly's, but hopefully this helps you avoid this place.  You could not pay me to go back and it definitely falls within my top 5 all time worst dining experiences.
5	We always have the best time here. The food and drinks are great and the service is fantastic. They have a friendly staff and have always been able to accommodate us no matter the size of the group. Great for a casual night out or a large group party. They also have several great patios to enjoy a dinner or drink outside.
4	Awesome Moscow Mules! Although, they are a little pricey...go during happy hour when at least they're $4 off :) The outside patio is nice and cozy, as long as the weather is tolerable. The food is pretty good; however, I always have trouble deciding on something to eat there. Nothing really sticks out for me. But yet I keep going back! Psst...it's the Mules ;)
5	Kelly's is my absolute favorite place in Old town. Its homey, swanky atmosphere almost makes you forget that just a mere few steps east lies the land of the douchebags. The clientele is always a pleasant mix of young professionals, the beautiful people, and a bit of an older crowd who still like to have fun. They have a surprisingly good cocktail list as well as wine and craft beer selection. Happy hour runs 3-7 every day which includes discounted drinks and appetizers, AND half off all wine and champagne on Sundays. This makes my wallet and I extremely happy because I can indulge on some Veuve for only $60 :)As for the food - it's amazing! I feel like people forget that Kelly's is not just a bar. Chef Izzy serves up delicious and inspired dishes. Some of my favorites include the ahi tuna tartar, the signature four cut burger (a perfect blend of chuck, sirloin, short rib and brisket), the chicken & butternut squash ravioli, and the braised short rib. The staff is always friendly and welcoming and make you feel at home. Kelly's also offers free pool, darts, and a mini putting green. Oh and did I mention that their expansive patio won best patio in Scottsdale?! Basically, Kelly's covers all the bases and they do it well.
5	This was my second visit, but my first time trying the food. Great happy hour deal with half off starters. We tried several and they were all delicious. Especially the short rib tacos. We were here for a birthday and used a back room to gather. Lots of fun. Nice atmosphere. Very friendly staff.
5	It had been a while since I've been here since I moved but still such a great joint! The chicken wings are lights out, the tuna app was the best I ever had! The place is a great lay out. We played pool for hours. Such a great fun place to hang out. I didn't like the tea sandwich though. Kind of salty and the bread was too thick but that's just me. Everything else was fantastic!
4	Came here randomly with drinks with friends. Good time, drink prices were ok if getting beer. Like the outdoor patio.
5	A different atmosphere depending on when you go.  Awesome lunch specials and great food.  Go friday or saturday night for a jumping crowd full of scottsdale's A group.  Sometimes gets crowded but so does every other decent place in scottsdale.  Had the blue burger last time which came out perfect.
5	Wine down Wednesday was fun with some co-workers they have 1/2 bottles of wine even the good stuff. Atmosphere was awesome had a live band on the outdoor patio that was good. Not the usual Snottsdale crowd so it was a great time.
4	Loved the patio! Went at about 6:30 for dinner. Perfect timing as it was still light out but the sun was going down and the atmosphere was very cool.  Started to get busy after we sat down.  My favorite thing about this place was the location, the patio, the atmosphere.  We ordered the fried mushroom appetizer which isn't on the regular menu.  It was a special for football.  Unfortunately, it was rather tasteless.  It came with ranch to dip it in and that is the only part of the dish that had any flavor.  The mushrooms were very bready and soo hot inside that the juice burned my tongue!!  For our meal we decided on the Beer Mac n Cheese and the Fish and Chips.  We told them we were going to split them and they were nice enough to split it for us and bring us each our own serving of both dishes!  Nice touch!!  The Mac n' cheese was Awesome!!! So flavorful and delicious.  However, I am glad we split it because a full serving would have been too much... it was very rich and by my last forkful, I started get tired of it.  The fish and chips were not good.  The batter was the same batter they used for the fried mushrooms.  It had no flavor.  The fish itself was also pretty tasteless.  The chips were ok....thinly sliced potatoes that weren't that hot.  The service was fine.  Nothing out of the ordinary but no complaints whatsoever on that front.  All that being said, I would definitely go back!!  I think I would get a burger next time...I read they won an award for their burgers and their patio!! Even though our food choices left us dissatisfied, I know that there is something better on the menu for the next time.
5	Great atmosphere and great drinks! This bar is very cool because it has a variety of indoor and outdoor seating. Many different rooms with cute furniture and a pool table. The drinks are wonderful, I would highly recommend the Arizona Mule. I have not tried the food, but have heard great things from others about the food.
4	Good fish & chips, good service and nice location. I was there at lunch with my work mates. Parking is a bit sparse in Old town, but that's true with any business there.
3	Cool place, but extremely high on the Dbag meter for males. Its Scottsdale, but the Brosevelts are out and about so you've been warned, You know; the 23K a year 'MMA fighter' tough guys. Affliction shirts, really?Who actually/probably live with mommy in basement w/ their Xbox and GTA.Weak
5	Went here for happy hour and had a burger with a fried egg....wow. Drinks are always good and the place is clean. Adam was the bartender that took care of us and he did so for quote a while.We arrived around 6pm and by the time we left it was almost midnight...we were ready to eat again!!! Night crowd picked up but the place didn't get too rowdy. It's a spot to go on the weekends or weekdays alike and you will get the same type of environment. Good food, good drinks, and great service. We'll be back over and over again!!!
1	Not a good place. WAY over proceed for what it is, just a COMPLETE waste of time. Just go ANYWHERE else
4	Our first time in Scottsdale and decided to cruise through old town Scottsdale. Wandered upon Kelly's and decided to sit in and try it out. Patio has a beautiful set up, lights and everything you can imagine how pretty it would be at night. Prices are decent and the quality of food is very good! I had the Bourbon Burger containing Pancetta, fried egg, onion ring, and bbq sauce with a delicious mix for their actual meat patty. My bf had their short rib tacos and we both enjoyed. We cruised through our visit having a cocktail to start and just listened to music on the patio and enjoyed the early afternoon air in November. I would definitely recommend coming here for lunch any day!
3	Everyone's food, I had fish and chips, was cold and soggy. But the service was really good and they have great happy hour deals.
5	Favorite place, and best location, in all of Old Town.  Great patio, really great bartenders & managers, unique menu, casual & relaxed environment, inviting local feel (but, like all places in Old Town, the crowd grows a bit more glitzy as evenings roll on), nice diverse mix among the clientele.  The bartenders have always taken good care of me... hope they bring back the "Pickled Mike".  ;)
4	Cool hang out place. They have 2 pool tables and a nice sized bar. Would definitely be back next time I'm in AZ.
2	Terrible place.  Ross in a suit is particularly unappreciative of clientele.   We Ordered many drinks but he wouldn't even let me finish my beer.  He literally took my beer out of my hand and told me to leave with a hundred dollar tab.  Please do not give this place your business.
4	Visited here awhile back. Was a nice experience, first time to visit. Very good art museum and gardens to compliment the views.
