4	While Sacks has many delicious sandwiches, If you like cheese steaks, you will appreciate the skillfulness and artistry with which Sacks creates their Encore sandwich. On an eight inch, toasted french roll, they generously place hot, juicy prime steak meat, your choice of hot or mild peppers, tomatoes, lettuce and a creamy, delicious feta yogurt dressing. Their soda sizes vary from an extreme small size to a large size cup that looks like a take-out-won-ton soup container. They have a great selection of iced teas and lemonade that make for great Arnold Palmers. Whenever I'm in Phoenix, I have to stop by and I recommend you do too.
4	Sacks fills an obvious void we Phoenicians have to deal with. The lack of high quality, creative yet reasonably priced sandwiches in a casual atmosphere is blatant to any transplants, especially former Californians. While I was living in California, I came to learn that there were a handful of good sandwich spots around that provided an excellent alternative to fast or cafeteria food. Back in AZ, there isn't much, but I'm finding places like Sacks, DeFalco's, and even Cheba Hut are taking us there. Just in a slow, more spread out kind of way.
5	I have been craving the heck out of this place!  I finally looked it up and found there was one not too far from me that I hadn't known about.  I might make that a lunch run but MAN I just want to be back at this one!   It's special.  Oh... it's not just the sandwiches - though they are super yummy.  The Symphony is my favorite, with it's yummy turkey breast, bacon, alfalfa, tomato, alfalfa sprouts and cream cheese spread on 12 grain bread (I have them hold the avocado).  SO good every time!But what makes this particular location so special?  Firemen.  Yup.  Firemen.  There must be a firehouse nearby because at least 4 out of 5 times I've gone over there there were groups of firemen.  Hello???  Hot firemen and good sandwiches??  Yum yum yummie.
2	Yeah, not so good, and I have given this place several chances.  The sandwiches are overstuffed, kind of sloppy and made with sub-standard quality ingredients.  I would actually rather get a sandwich from subway.  And it it way too loud to sit inside this place.  I wish it was better then it is because I can literally walk here from my house.  The salads are pretty good.  I'll give them that.
5	Having grown up in Europe, if there is one thing I truly miss is high quality sandwiches. Nothing wrong with Subways, but the quality of the bread, despite being made several times a day seems to be very cardboardish. Sack's was close to were I worked and has so far been my favorite sandwich place in Phoenix. Always a but crowded and busy, maybe noisy for some but I'd rather be in a place that feels busy and alive than the only one eating my sandwich. My  favorties are the Improv and the Gothic (warm sandwich). All sandwiches comes with a little cookies which is always pleasant I find. Only negative and I'll admit to ignoring the suggestion is that there is a sign by the owners that ask those who have "regular" sized cups to not refill. Not very customer friendly I think. But, and I ask the manager/owner from time to time I really do wish they would open one up in Scottsdale. Prices are probably a bit high, it comes with the neighborhood but I do think the quality of the sandwiches make up for it.
3	Meh..not particularly memorable.I've eaten at this location and the one by ASU, though I like this location better. I would probably only eat here if I was walking by and I was starving. The cookies ROCK though, I like that you get one with your sandwich. And they have my favorite flavor of Jones Soda (Sugar-free Black Cherry) which kicked ass. Warning: The roast beef sandwich (Overture?) comes with horseradish sauce and it is hot as a mother.  I like the spice but it was almost unbearable. My nose pretty much turned into a snotty waterfall. Go to Opa Grill next door instead.
4	The sandwiches are creative, fresh and tasty ... sometimes a bit juicy for elegant eating, but hey, most of the time the place is full of students, and students don't take time for elegance, no?  The free cookie is nice, the "no refills" soda policy is not.  Prices are fair.  But the place is LOUD.  Uncomfortably so.  It's not the music, or even the conversation level ... it's that there is not one soft surface in the place, and sound amplifies as it bounces off glossy walls, counters, tables and floors.  It's designed that way, and lord knows why. The sandwiches and salads make up for it, though.
2	Napkin mittens.     How is it possible to destroy a sandwich and it's contents in the matter of 30 seconds?   Let's see, they put it together with yummy ingredients then they must use a large stick to shove it in the wrapper.  Nice party trick but not good at a restaurant.  What a mess when you open it, and I even had to use a spork to finish it.Anyways, the food tastes good and the free cookie is a nice touch.   Oh yeah, the other beef I have with this place is the sign "Drink refills for large size only!" WTF!!!I'll be inventing those napkin mittens before I come back to this place again.
3	I have really mixed emotions about Sack's. On one hand, the baguette bread is soft and chewy; the sandwiches are creative (my coworkers both really like the Jazz and the Gothic); if you don't see a sandwich on the menu you want you can create your own; they use spicy brown mustard (yummy!); the caesar salad is good; service is quick; and you get a cookie with all sandwiches and salad.On the other hand, it gets really crowded if you don't get there by 11:30 am or arrive after 12:45 pm; the parking lot is super small, so you typically have to park at First Watch; there is a sign that drink refills are for the large size only (I have ignored that sign as I find it ridiculous that they could actually monitor who refills and doesn't); it gets very very noisy so it is hard to hear the people sitting at your own table; and I think the price is a bit high for a sandwich shop (about $9 for an 8 inch sandwich, chips and a regular soda which apparently I can't refill).Sacks is nice occasionally, but I hate to admit, when I am really craving a sandwich or sub, I usually run to Subway where I can get a meal for almost half the price of Sacks.
3	Art of Sandwicherie. Clever, no? Too bad their approach left me with mixed emotions. If you've never been here, prepared to be overwhelmed. Seriously. The menu is so big, you don't know where to start. Go with a friend who's been and can give you pointers. My lunch friend made a couple recommendations. I ended up ordering the Mona Lisa. I was gonna nix the lemon capper mayo, but I figured a little wouldn't hurt. Whoa. Both slices of bread were slathered with this white stuff. Not bad taste. Just bad on the waist. The sandwich was very, very good. Smoked salmon with sprouts on pumpernickel bread. It was very good, and I was very hungry. But I just ordered one sandwich and it came to $7.57. That doesn't include anything else. No drink, except water (which was tap). I'm told they charge for everything here - every little extra you ask for. So, my cup of water my have cost me. Who knows. My sandwich came with a "free" cookie, too. Come to think of it; maybe they charged me for that too!Would I be back? Well, yes. You buying? I mean, I love a good sandwich. I also love getting my money's worth. For $7.57, I would have hoped for a sandwich large enough for me to divide between lunch and din-din. No avail. I wolfed the entire thing down happily. Even better, it didn't make me bloated later, which I feared, since most foods tend to be heavy on the salt.The interior is a bit messy in the sense that it's chaotic. This is more of your lunch rush place. Order. Grab. Eat. Run. When you place your order, they ask your name. Then they call your name when it's ready. I told the cashier how to spell my name, so when the order-yeller looked peeved that nobody was picking up the sack, I felt no remorse. "Alisia" is not how you spell my name. I let the cashier know this. He just shrugged. In fact, that's one stellar way to sum up Sack's. Just shrug. Go on. Do it now. Shoulders up. Shoulders down. Yep. That's exactly how I feel about this place.
2	Like so many other restaurants in the downtown Phoenix area, Sacks is overpriced for what it is and if you are expecting the quality of "Sachs," the department store, you will be disappointed. The "sandwicherie" title means they are serving sandwiches and not subs. Kind of like what you'd make at home on bread. I'm not sure it's done  any better here than at Subway or Blimpie. To me, the deli at the Safeway up the road has more exotic sandwich toppings than Sacks (including two different kinds of guacamole).Like so many places in AZ, every sandwich offered has some kind of cheese on it. It's like it gives the restaurant a reason to throw another buck or two onto the price. Additionally, Sacks has numerous flies in the summertime. Covering your food is a requirement before going to the restroom, though most of them hang out on the windows. I've been to Sacks during the busy lunch rush and I've been there when there were more flies than patrons. The one bright spot is their homemade desert cookies and bars. For some reason they are served cold, which takes some of the freshness away. Exotic flavors of iced tea like mango and pineapple green are a plus too, but by all means not the best unsweetened teas around.
4	I love the sandwiches at this place. They have the best ingredients and so many options. The sandwiches do make quite a mess but it's because they are jam packed with goodness; the bread can't contain all the condiments they stuff in there. It does have horrible art on the walls and gets really crowded at lunch, but I've sat outside and had pleasant meals (usually I just take it home). If you like BLT's with avocado you MUST try the Jazz it is delightful!
4	Great place to get a sandwich. Oh, and did I mention the cookie?
4	I personally am not a big fan of sandwiches. And when I go out to eat I usually want to get something I can't or won't make for myself at home. You won't catch me picking up lunch at Subway or most sub shops. However, I love Sacks! I love the fact that the have at least 20+ unique combinations (or you can make your own) and that every sandwich comes with freshly baked chocolate chip cookie! It's just delightful! My favorite combination is the turkey sandwich with cheese, sprouts and stuffing! Probably defeats the healthy factor of ordering a turkey sandwich in the first place but well worth it! They also have a great Thai noodles salad side (just $1). They are fast and efficient but super popular. So be warned if you are in a hurry call ahead and place your order.
4	Huh, I haven't reviewed Sacks.  Lets fix that!I am in Sacks fairly often, they have fresh, reliably tasty eats,  I would be in there more often if they were opened in the evenings.I nearly always eat whatever is on special and have also tried several of their regular menu selection although I have not made my own as yet.  I like that they seem to think about how the sandwich is constructed physically as well as flavor counterpoints.  I have never had a sandwich fall apart in my hands here or thought something was too bland.I appreciate the inhouse made side options the rotini salad being my go-to.  I'd love to taste their version of a German style potato salad.  If you go for their combo deal they put a baby cookie on your plate.  Its a pretty good cookie that makes you wish it was a big one.  This is probably how they sell their take home cookie dough.They don't get the fifth star for two reasons.  One, the two different combo options are not explained on their menu board.  Considering it is an upsell for them they must perform routinely through out the day it should be clearly posted.  Second, the high ceiling and sealed concrete floor can make it difficult to have a conversation in there when they are busy unless you are lucky enough to get a seat in the alcove.  They need some wall hangings in the rafters or sommat.
4	This is the one shop that comes to my mind when I want a sandwich. Quite possibly my favorite lunch...the Jazz, Poor Brothers Jalapeno chips, a cute little chocolate chip cookie, and a Mr. Pibb. In fact, I had that today! Awesome.
3	My sandwich was tasty. It was ready soon after I ordered it. Pretty good. I'd go again.
4	I've been here twice and I loved it everytime. It's light, fresh and packed with flavor. I really enjoy their sandwiches and the pasta isn't half bad except the oriental noodles that was just way too salty. But other than that, very tasty stuff. They have a large variety of sandwiches with quirky little names. Oh and they throw in a cookie! Give it a try I'm sure you will enjoy it and want to go back for more.
3	A sandwich that is good enough to satisfy you but not quite memorable enough to earn your consistent patronage.  I do appreciate their naming conventions, as it reminds me of all of those peaceful afternoons spent sleeping during my Art History class.
4	For some reason I find it incredibly difficult to find a good sandwich in this town - its either Subway or a sit-down restaurant so I was thrilled when I found Sacks... a happy medium. It's perfect for a midweek sandwich with coworkers. Its a no-frills restaurant... don't go expecting to be wowed by the interior or "vibe" of the place, but rather a quick and tasty sandwich. My personal favorite is the Sack's Symphony with added honey mustard. My girlfriend always gets the Mona with salmon. Bonus - every order comes with a chocolate chip cookie. Note - during the lunch hour it can get busy and loud. We like to order ahead and skip the line by hitting up the "to go" counter.
4	nice atmosphere& the drawings & it's convenient because it's on campus(:
4	Sorry to say this folks but I went by Sacks (Indian School & 48th St) today and it is GONE! I can't find any info about the closing online so am hoping that the other locations are still up and running... Really liked this place too!
5	Reopened today (3/4/2011)! That in and of itself is worth 5 Stars!New location is on Indian School, west of 44th St, on the south side of the road.
4	New Location @ 4247 E Indian School! is open!! Same great Sacks new location!  New space is bright a cool art and lots of parking!I am a big fan of the Improv what can be better then Thanksgiving on a baguette.And who is not a fan the a included cookie. ;-)
1	I refuse to eat at a restaurant where you stole 98% of your menu from another restaurant and just changed the names!  Shame.Wish I could give zero stars
4	Get the encore sandwich!! Make sure to get it with the yogurt sauce!!  AMAZING!!
5	Love love love..this place.. I try to eat here 2 times a week.. The jimmy buffet salad and mushroom soup are to die for..
4	When you find a well-priced deli with great sandwiches, you don't forget it.  Sacks is definitely one of those places!I just had the Sack's Symphony and thought it was great, especially for only $5.99, which includes a free cookie!They've got a decent amount of room to sit down, but I usually take my lunch to go because the tables fill up quickly around the lunch rush.  If you haven't already, try Sacks the next time you're craving a well-made sandwich!
5	This place is just what I've been looking for in AZ- an amazing sandwich place!  I went to sacks for the first time yesterday and LOVED IT.  I built my own sandwich which is always a plus.  Im too picky to order sandwichs that are off the menu.  Huge sandwichs for a very reasonable price.  My sandwich was only 6 something.  I wouldve paid 10.  (Sacks, Please dont up your price because I said that)!  I will be frequenting here a lot more for lunch.  Plus the business man candy during the lunch hour is great too.  yaaaa buddy
4	Went here for the first time this past Saturday. I was craving a Ruben - random I know. But it really hit the spot (although a little much on the slaw).Just $6 for a big sandwich (I was full well into the evening) and a surprise cookie! I will definitely be back to try out some of the other choices or create my own.Oh, and if you have the same initials they put on the chalkboard that day - you get a free sandwich! My lunch date had the opposite of what was posted (D.S. instead of S.D) and the cashier gave us both free drinks. Super cool.
4	I'm definitely a fan.  Fast, well made sandwiches at a darn good price.  They have a wide assortment of sammies already on the menu, OR you can just make your own.The first time I went I had the special of the day.  It was a crazy assortment of grilled chicken, grilled artichoke hearts, spinach, pesto and cheese (havarti, I think) on grilled tomato basil bread.  Don't get me wrong, it was very good, just not my style.I went back the next week so I could place a custom order in an attempt to mimic the end-all-be-all of sammies from my old (now closed) sandwich haunt that they called the Entrepreneur.IT WAS DELICIOUS!!!  And only $5.18.  So good in fact that I didn't eat the cookie because I didn't want to spoil the taste in my mouth.Here's how it goes: Grilled turkey, grilled ham, and bacon on grilled sourdough with lettuce, tomato and mayo.  There is something special about this combination of flavors.  Get one.  I dare ya.
3	I like this place. Only like. Would love but can't since the bread is terrible. Plus, the front counter guy is totally rude. I didn't come for two years after my last visit because of him and now I'm back. To my horror, the nine grain bread is now bad quality ground wheat and that guy is still there, rude as ever and closing an hour early. Apparently I didn't get the memo because I showed up at 2:50, website says they close at 4. Sorry to disturb you so close to closing time!! Seriously, I can't go back given how awkward this dude is.
3	Sacks Art of Sandwicherie is a mix of southwest, Mexican and modern decor. The salad was rather basic, and the acoustics rather loud. The restroom is really cute but could use seat covers and sweep & mop. If your initials match the predetermined ones on the chalkboard near the front door your sandwiches free. Just don't bother joking with the staff about their own chalkboard. They'll have no idea what you're talking about nor the sense of humor, should you jokingly mention it your initials are posted.
2	I don't get this place..I seriously think I could go to the store, get the same type of ingredients and make a similar sandwich for less money. I know there are lots of different sandwiches here that you can try. I suppose I prefer a place that has a select few sandwiches that are really good opposed to a lot of choices with ok flavor.The bread is seriously the cheap kind you can get at the store. It comes with a cookie which doesn't taste like anything special. Lots of people like it here and I can't say anything really...negative happened. I just won't be back.
1	We went to lunch here for the first time after passing by it 100s of times, we went on a tuesday afternoon at 12:30, it was busy but not too crowded. This place is NOT vegan friendly in the least, all of the sandwiches have some sort of dairy in them as do the soups. You can make your own sandwiches but I can make a sandwich with cold veggies or sauteed veggies with mustard at home. I would suggest offering grilled zucchini/eggplant with a sauce that is dairy free. All of the sandwiches are placed in sacks with plastic utensils and styrofoam cups, even if you eat in. This is not eco friendly, my pasta with marinara (which I can make at home) came in a nice plastic to-go container. While I realize this is not a restaurant per say, it would be nice if they had real forks/knives and plates if you plan to eat in and get something more ecofriendly than styrofoam. I did ask if they recycled before we left, and was told that the kitchen does, which is great! However, there is not a recycling container in the restaurant for the sacks/utensils or pasta to-go packages. I will not be returning to this non vegan friendly, non planet friendly sandwich shop and would not recommend it.
1	Really mediocre, just plain jane boring sandwiches.  They skimp on key ingredients, like cream cheese on the lox sandwich on pumpernickel, which btw the bread tastes stale and the worst pumpernickel I have ever had, not fresh or nice tasting at all.  Just really not a very good place and not very good sandwiches.  The thing that really earks me and inspired me to write the review is their cocky name Sacks "Art of Sandwicherie".  There is NO art going on here, just plain boring commercialized sandwiches that sound good but disappoint.  I will never be coming back, there are much better alternatives.  Basically anything other than subway will win this place out.  What a disappointment.
4	Yummm
1	Someone in class suggested this place and it was such a let down. A large group of us went and many people liked their sandwiches but my turkey cranberry w/ stuffing sandwich was awful. The stuffing looked like dog food and it tasted like cardboard and fennel. The cranberry sauce tasted like it came from a can and there was nothing special about the bread. The upside is we got our orders fairly quickly and the atmosphere was alright for a quick lunch spot.
4	I was shocked to see all the negative reviews of this place.  I have been to each and every location and there would not be crowds of people most of the time if these reviews were to be believed (the angry vegan made me LOL).  Seriously though people, it's a sandwich, it's not a life-changing event.  I love their sandwiches, especially the Symphony and the Encore.  This location is close to home and the staff is always super friendly and pleasant, and I always call ahead so I don't have to wait.  They have a very extensive freshly brewed iced tea offering (like 6 different kinds), and the ingredients are always fresh and tasty, not boring or bland.  I seriously can't get over all the haters on here who say they can make their own sandwich at home for less - you totally should!  The prices here are about $6.29 for a large sized sandwich, a mere dollar and a quarter difference from Subway! Plus the free cookie, there really is nothing better for the price.
4	As I've said previously, I love Sacks and their sandwiches. Compared to the downtown version, this location is nice. The parking is a little confusing, since it is shared with another restaurant, but at least there is plenty of parking! Both outside and inside are pretty cool. I've always called ahead and had my order ready and waiting to be devoured. For such a delicious sandwich, the price is great. My fav is the Symphony - turkey, avocado, and bacon on wheat. Perfection. The employees are really nice as well. I like that I can get in and out quickly at this location (compared to the downtown location). I just wish there was a Sack's closer to home!
3	You get a delicious chocolate chip cookie with your meal. Other than that, nothing stood out outstandingly. Sandwiches are good. Salads are decent. Soups are tasty (when they aren't sold out of the one you want).  And once, I wanted chicken noodle, but they were out of noodles that day. Why didn't they just call it chicken soup? Weird. It was still good. Call ahead to place your order because the wait can be a little long during the lunch rush!
5	I can't speak for all of the locations for Sacks, but the location on Indian School is my favorite sandwhich shop in the entire country. When we visit Phoenix our trip is not complete unless we have been more than once.My wife loves the salads, especially the curry chicken salad.I love almost any of the sandwhiches. Some of my favorites include the Encore, Symphony, and Overture.
3	Looking for a casual lunch spot with moderate prices and a large selection of sandwiches, salads, drinks, etc...? Look no further than Sacks.  Not only do they deliver on the attributes I mention above, but they also deliver literally (with a minimum $25 order and they charge just a gratuity that goes to the driver).I used to frequent this Sacks when they were located at 48th St and Indian School, and just recently remembered that they relocated just down the street at 42nd and Indian School.  I've been several times in the last few weeks and have been a satisfied customer for sure.  I usually go for their Cobb Salad (no onion and add avocado) with balsamic dressing.  I love that Sacks is fine with modifications to their menu items!  I'm also a fan of their egg salad, the Sacks Symphony Sandwich, and the Sacks Impressionist Sandwich.  I love that they have Snapple drinks and lots of iced tea fountain options as well as Sun Chips!  Their cookies (they come with every meal) are another nice perk if you're not watching your sweet intake!I must say, I do miss the crackers that they used to serve with the salads awhile back.  Perhaps they will bring those back sometime soon?!I have yet to take advantage of the delivery service mentioned above, but I do plan on using that in the future when I can't get away to pick up or eat there.  Glad to have yet another reliable lunch option in the hood!
4	Came here for an early lunch with a group of 6; Good thing we got here early as this place had lines almost out the door when we left.I got a simple grilled cheese sandwich. It was pretty perfectly cooked.  Very reasonable pricing! We'll be back!!!!!
2	Unimpressed and disappointed. There is nothing to these sandwiches. There are so many other places to get better sandwiches. Will not be returning.
1	Absolutely terrible experience.  Two thumbs down.I have only heard good things about how great this place is. HA!Our office ordered about 20 sandwiches from them.  The hot sandwiches were luke warm.  The chip order was not delivered. The drink order apparently was forgotten as well.  An $8 Ceasar salad that you would think would fill the container was so small it would fit in a small bowl.Not recommended.  We will never order from there again and we have 350 people in our office.
2	I have been going to Sacks for 10 years.  I typically go at least once per week.  The quality of the food has gone down hill in the past year and the customer service is marginal at best.  I really want to give 4+ stars, but recently I have encountered too many negative experiences.  I truly hope they turn around the quality of the food and their customer experience.
4	This is the best sandwich place I've found in Phoenix/Scottsdale, which is unfortunately not saying much. This place is very nice, a good place to just pick up a sandwich or eat a sandwich or salad there. Great meat and cheese and fillings, but like every other place I've tried, disappointing bread. Their "French roll" is a soft sub-type bread you might buy at the grocery store, not the delicious crunchy fresh bread I'm used to in the San Francisco Bay Area. I will keep coming here, but I beg of AZ to discover fresh Dutch Crunch, Sourdough, and sweet French rolls.
3	Love this place but their hours on yelp is wrong. They close at 3 but yelp says 4pm, they need to look into that and get it fixed.
4	I was in town from LA shooting over at Arizona Virtual Studios, and needed a place to grab an easy, affordable, and somewhat healthful meal for my crew. I've been burned many times by picking a local eatery to pick up lunch. Still, I rolled the dice and was more than happy with our meal. Ingredients were fresh and flavorful. Our large order was ready in only fifteen minutes. Big thumbs up to Sack's, and I'll be using them when I'm back in town at this location.
5	Gothic.   Turkey Ham Mushrooms warm with melted cheese. A little pricey yet one of the best sandwiches you can have.  A cozy place and the location most will not notice.   A vast menu.  Bring your friends and visit often.
5	I love Sacks and will go out of my way for lunch here!  Every time I eat at Sacks, I order something different. Sometimes it's a regular from the main menu, and sometimes it's one of their creative daily specials. I've never been disappointed. Fresh ingredients and fantastic flavor, created and served quickly by their super friendly staff in a casual cool ambiance.
5	Super fast and organized.... the sandwiches are always delicious and interesting.Staff is super efficient.
5	Best sandwich in town. Fresh baked bread and delish cookies! Great atmosphere and nice servers :)
5	Almost walked out because the line was out the door. But instead, we were begged to stay, and our order was taken immediately.Feel bad about being jumped in front of others, however, I had never been hard-sold to stay at a restaurant before. And it was amazing!Additionally, I ordered the gothic, and it too was amazing. Would recommend to my friends!
5	My favorite thing here is the cajun chicken caesar salad! They have one of my favorite caesar salads in town.  They also have great sandwiches.  I'm pretty sure I have never had anything I don't like.  It can get busy at lunchtime, but they do a good job of providing fast service.
