4	This little gem of a restaurant has won me over after only 2 visits. Most Thai places I've visited feel too cold, too sterile, too kitschy. Nittaya is a comfortable space that feels elegant without feeling stuffy.The food is the true star. Nittay's Secret Kitchen serves "Thai Tapas". I was skeptical that this was just another marketing term for "not enough food". I was pleasantly surprised. Generously portioned, beautiful and tasty creations graced my table. The World Famous Spinach salad is a revelation. Deep fried Avocado with panko crumbs and two sauces will make you swoon. I plan on eating my way through the menu :)
5	What can I possibly say about Nittaya's? Yes, it's a hidden gem. Yes, the food is SO good that I want to stand up, jump up and down, and shout to the whole world. But more so than that, it is divine. The food is perfect, and this is no exaggeration. This is the best restaurant to open off Strip in years. Worthy of note, everything on the menu, but especially the Whitefish Cake, the Lamb Chops, and the Cream Puffs. Service is outstanding, friendly, and attentive. My water glass never reached the halfway mark, and we sat on the patio. All that is left to say now is don't walk, RUN as soon as possible to Nittaya's Secret Kitchen, which as soon as word gets out, will not be so secret anymore. ;)
3	Not Lotus.Not Komol.But a nice addition to the Thai choices in town.Decor is weird; sort of formal which does not suit the vibe.And they charge $20 a bottle for corkage!I do, however, love the name. It conjures up intrigue and exclusivity like the famous "secret japanese steak house" in Los Angeles.I would go back, but it's a long drive and Lotus is just down the street.
4	So, we drove from my house(east-side) to Nittaya's to take pictures since my BF is building their new website.  After about an hour there, we were starving so decided to stay and try out the food.I'm going to start by saying that I have had Thai food plenty of times in SF but will admit that I am not an expert, although, I will say that Thai and Vietnamese share a lot of the same flavors and herbs.Let's start with the atmosphere, it's very quaint and has a very mellow vibe.  White table cloths and lit candles- lovely place for locals to have a "date night" away from the kids.The menu has Thai Tapas- smaller plates/appetizers that range from $4-$8 a plate as well as a good selection of entrees as well as a beer/wine/sake bar.  Wish I didn't have to work the next day otherwise I would've had a nice sake with dinner.Okay- so we ordered a few different entrees/tapas.  Here's the low down:Chicken Satay- nice and moist, slight char from grilling (which I like) and peanut sauceLemongrass soup-reminds me of hot and sour soup(which I love) but slightly salty. Normally I would eat it with white rice to balance out the saltiness, still still good nonetheless with great flavorSpinach salad- the BOMB!! hello, not like a typical spinach salad!! The leaves are individually dipped in a tempura-like batter so is very light and comes with a ground chicken larb. It was SOO good! This dish alone would bring me back all the way to the other side of town for!Green Curry with chicken-again, since I am not an Thai food expert, it was good but a little on the sweet side for me.  I usually have curry Indian style so am not used to the slightly sweet coconut flavor but the vegetables were perfectly cooked.Combo Pad Thai-again, slightly sweet but nothing a few lime wedges and some sambal can't cure. We finished with the coconut sticky rice and sweet mango.  Loved the coconut sticky rice but wish it was a little more moist. Mango was perfect, sweet and ripe.Overall, A+ for me, will definitely be back to try the other dishes on the menu!!
5	Being from San Francisco I've grown accustom to the down home style cooking of Thai restaurants back there. Since moving out here (5 yrs ago) I've been so disappointed with every single supposed Thai restaurant I've come across. NITTAYA'S SECRET KITCHEN is the answer to all my food prayers. Her food gives you that warm feeling inside like it was cooked especially for you & makes you want to give the Chef a hug for such great food. A must try is her "WORLD FAMOUS SPINACH SALAD" its the most DELICIOUS thing I've ever tasted. Individually tempura fried spinach served with a chicken larb... OMG! i could seriously eat this everyday. You should also give her Pad Thai a try... its not your typical "sour, orangie looking pad Thai" It has the perfect balance of sweet, salt & sour I could honestly go on forever about this place but you guys should check it out for yourself. If you're all the way on the other side, it worth the drive!!
3	I was in the Summerlin neighborhood, and had this spot bookmarked, so thought I would give it a try!  I've read earlier reviews, and it looks like they have established themselves nicely now.  The interior is very upscale, which wine glasses and fancy wood furniture.  The dining area is small, but nicely designed.  Wine bottles are fancily displayed in wooden shelves behind the bar.  There is even a small outside dining area, which might be nice on a summer night.  The easy listening music would have touched my inner yuppie, if I had one.I had no issues with the service.  I made a bit of small talk with one of the waitresses, and she explained that Nittaya's has only been open for two months.  My water was always full, and they asked me how my food was.  This also was the first Thai restaurant I've been to where the waitress folded my napkin over my lap.  I wasn't even with anyone!  Can't complain there. My order: Thai tea, Crab Wontons, and Curry catfish.  Overall impression: descent, Americanized Thai.Thai tea was average, very creamy, but not very flavorful.  I would go ahead and skip the Thai tea at Nittaya's.  The water though had fruit in it!  This is how my old stoming grounds, Thai Grill, does their water, and it makes for a very refreshing, slightly tangy drink.  The Crab Wontons were a little bland on the inside.  They used some sort of either immitation crab, or low quality crab, mixed with cream cheese and a couple of herbs.  The fried shells were nice though, thick and well prepared.   They came with two sauces, a sweet sauce and a spicy one.  Both were good sauces, particularly the spicy one, and they made the crab wontons definitely more doable.  Overall though, I wasn't too impressed.  The curry catfish was alright.. not great, not bad though.  The curry sauce was thick, and on the sweet side, but in this case that was ok because catfish is always a little better with sweetness to offset the "dry" catfish taste.  The portion was a little small for the $13 price tag.  The curry came with a nice change of pace though: baby bok choy.  This did give the curry a little bit of a unique taste, I and enjoyed it.  Overall, due to the sweetness of the curry, and the not-so-thrilling crab wontons, I wouldn't go out of my way to eat at Nittaya's again over some of the better, more authentic Thai restaurants in Vegas (see my List), but it would be a good spot to bring a date or the parents maybe.
3	This recently opened Thai restaurant specializes in small plates though regular sized entrees are available.  We started off with the tempura spinach salad with ground chicken, shrimp and lime dressing (4.5 Forks) and white fish cake with lettuce, Thai spices and a sweet chili sauce (2 Forks).  Our second order was a stuffed chicken wing (4) and a crab cake in shell (3).  For dessert we enjoyed the housemade coconut ice cream (4).
4	Nittaya's Secret Kitchen won't be a secret much longer, as this tiny neighborhood gem in Summerlin has a lot of potential. Tucked back in a small strip center off Lake Mead and Rampart, it is a little tricky to find, but is worth the search. They describe themselves as a Thai tapas restaurant, implying there may be some fusion going on, but in actuality you can just expect a lot of Thai appetizers - really good Thai appetizers - and some traditional favorites. Most things on the menu taste healthy and clean, and there are plenty of vegetarian dishes. The tofu preparations here are better than most, and the eggplant dishes aren't heavily saturated with oil as they often can be.You can't leave without ordering the unique Spinach Salad ($9). This isn't really a salad at all, but rather a mound of lightly tempura battered spinach leaves that serve as chips for a tangy 'dip' made from ground chicken, whole cashews, cilantro, carrots, and onions. The leaves are delicate, yet pack a crunch, and the spicy, sweet, loose dip is like a meat-fortified salsa. Sounds a little strange, but it's to die for. The Chicken Ginger Salad is similar to the Spinach Salad, except the spinach is replaced with iceberg lettuce, you get a lot more chicken, and you have the addition of tender julienne ginger ($9).Skip on the 'Shrimp in Pastry.' Though tasty, and dramatically presented, there is no pastry to be found (just wonton wrappers). The shrimp are overwhelmed by the cream cheese, and the jalapeno and leek don't come through enough. It's also a culinary no-no to put inedible items on a plate, i.e. pineapple rind (see below). What the 'Shrimp in Pastry' lacked in cohesion of flavors, the 'Thai Bouillabaise' made up for, though the mucky color was off-putting. They also use frozen green lip New Zealand mussels, an ingredient I feel there is no excuse for in good places. Though I loved the broth, that was the break in the 'make-or-break' of the Bouillabaise for me.I love that they have outdoor seating with views of the mountains in the distance, but the best kept part of Nittaya's secret is that you can get a $25 dining certificate on restaurant.com for as little as $1 when you sign up for their email list. Although I'm annoyed by their almost daily notifications, the discount codes are incredible and I save about 80% off their regular restaurant certificate prices on any given day. Plus, it encourages me to try new restaurants I otherwise wouldn't, even if I do defeat the purpose of the discount entirely by over ordering. If you go to Nattaya's make sure you visit restaurant.com beforehand, even if you don't have a code, because it will still save you $15 as a visitor.Finally, go knowing that the service at Nittaya's is slow. Your food arrives promptly once you order, but everything else seems to take forever. The staff is friendly enough to compensate for this shortcoming, though it is worth taking into consideration if you are short on time or don't particularly like to linger. Hopefully this is just part of their opening pains.
3	We ate here tonight after hearing about this place for the first time a few days ago.  I felt it is worth a try considering we had a restaurant.com gift certificate.  Well here it goes:PROS:  Very nice decor...clean..neat...fairly romantic...and tidy (even the bathrooms!).  The menu was quite extensive for such a small place, which I never find fault in unless another area of the restaurant suffers (see below)...overall wonderful variety for every palate!  Our food, both the "tapas" selections and main meal was very tasty and presented with care in a eclectic / rustic format.  We ordered the spinach salad which is not a salad at all but a spinach leave tempura with a unique side sauce of ground chicken, julienne veggies and some spices in a thai sauce.  Very different and tasty.  The chicken satay...which is a staple of thai restaurants..was just okay, certainly acceptable but lacked a bit of flavor.  The shrimp in pastry was very good and worth the $ for the quantity that was offered.  We had a few glasses of wine off of a simple wine list that seemed to fit the size of the place.  CONS:  Although this is a newly opened restaurant (2mos) it definately has growing pains in service!  The wait staff although VERY NICE and POLITE lacked a bit of teamwork in having the necessary steps of service down from the time we sat down.  We went on to have curry as a main course that was yummy but a bit small for the price (the vegetarian curry was the same price as the ones with the meat and seafood :(...not a good move here!  We waited for our wine for a bit longer than we should have, so much so that I wouldnt have reminded the server if it hadnt come when it did (in the middle of our apps!).  I didnt see a hint of a manager, or at least one that I thought could be one.  Our server had a table that appeared to have an issue, and I assumed that a manage would have quickly come to the table to remedy the problem and I didnt see anyone.  Considering that this place is very new, I would expect that a mgr should be hovering around like a hawk to make sure everyone is looked after or at least to greet a few tables to see how things are.  Sorry, call me old school! OVERALL:  I was pleased with this place overall, I would definately go back...maybe after they have been open a bit longer.  The food was really good, the servers were polite and nice, the owner / manager needs to hire another body to expedite the basic operational duties that made this place slip a bit.  A busser would even help!!!  I give it a 80-85%!
4	Enjoyed a weekday lunch, dining outside with two others.  Nice table clothes & cloth napkins along with cushioned chairs.  Beautiful day and a relaxed atmosphere outside with some protection of vegetation from the parking lot.The fruit-infused water was a plus for two of us, a negative for the other.  We were told that the flavors change depending on what they've got fresh.We ordered four dishes and tea - $37.  The portions are large for a lunch portion and only one of us finished it.  We had a restaurant.com certificate so it was a real bargain. The pad thai noodles were al dente and the flavors subtle.  The fried rice was savory and fresh with fresh broccoli and bok choy.  The basil spicy fried tofu was mildly spiced (as requested) and tasty.  The Pad Z-U (See Ew) was not overly oily as it can get at other restaurants. Presentation was beautiful.  We weren't in a hurry and were the first to arrive for the day and there was no sense of being rushed.  The lunch entrees came with an unadvertised small salad that was refreshing.Bathroom impeccably clean.Also enjoy Komol and Pin Kaow #1 and Archies.  This is the least oily of the lot.  One of us thought it was the best Thai food he had ever had. Brown rice would be nice!  Will definitely go back.
1	This should be kept a secret so that no one has the terrible food I had.  There are many great Thai places in Las Vegas and there is no need to eat here.  The only plus is that the tiny dining room is cute.  Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.  Firecracker prawns were deep fried breaded shrimp with some sauce drizzled on, really would a ramekin of sauce kill you?  Normally I am used to prawns in yummy egg roll wrappers. My husband sent back the drunken noddles because it had eggs, which we have never had in any Thai restaurant ever.  He then got a very unremarkable basil chicken which was had so much gristle he had to spit it out.  My crab fried rice either had fake crab or really terrible crab. The only okay thing was the chicken satay we ordered for the children.  The water was infused with fruit, that wasn't bad. The presentation was all stick on a slice of pineapple.  Either figure out some new plating or serve it family style.
4	I've had a restaurant.com GC for this place for awhile, and my girlfriend and I finally gave it a shot tonight.  The place was a lot smaller than we had expected... it only had a few tables, and it was dimly lit.  The service was fantastic, though!  Our waitress Tatiana told us so much about the menu and about everything they do.We tried to order the ahi tuna and another tapa, but they were out of those.  So we ended up getting the spinach salad, the minced shrimp puffs, and the shrimp pastry, as well as a dish of drunken noodles.  The shrimps dishes were OK, but not great.  The spinach salad was delicious!  No wonder this is their most popular item.  The drunken noodles was good, but the chicken wasn't in pieces and was kinda weird to me.Overall, I was pleasantly surprised, and the service will probably get me back in through their doors.  Hopefully I can try their ahi tuna next time.  Mmmmm.
4	We went there Christmas Eve on the recommendation of friends who love this place. I would recommend reservations, as the room is quite small. One of my companions and I split tapas of beef jerky and egg rolls. The jerky was quite good, but the egg rolls seemed pretty standard. The spinach salad is amazing, and as I live close by, I drop by frequently to pick it up at lunch time to go. The entrees we had were very good... just the right amount of "bite" in the items that were supposed to bite. A couple of downs that kept me from giving it a fifth star. First, the room is *really* dark; so much so that my 17-year old couldn't see the menu, and he can read the Lord's Prayer off the head of a pin. The manager told me they'd had a few comments about this, and may invest in some penlights to help patrons. Since the menu is eclectic, it really helps to be able to read it. The second thing was that two of my companions are vegetarians, a fact of which I made very clear to the waiter when we came in. One of my companions ordered the Tofu Pad Thai, which she said was quite good until she was about a third through it and found that in addition to the tofu, it contained... chicken. Buzz kill. They were very apologetic, but this should *not* happen, ever, and it was exacerbated by the fact that the restaurant lights are so dim that it is sometime hard to discern what you're eating. Overall, I thought the food great, the service acceptable, but the ambience too dark.That's just my opinion. I coud be wrong.
5	Really liked this place. Great flavors. Decent pricing for tapas. Amazing service! And the desert was beyond yummy. Had the creme brulee trio. Go! Soon!
4	We loved the spinach salad and the soups! The entree were good, but the rice was below average. Could have been an off night for the rice. The service was good and they let us have our dog join us on the patio. There are no patio heaters, so it might be a better to do with your well behaved puppy during the spring. We will definitely return, good wine selection too.
4	Must try their world famous Spanish salad, it's probably not what you expect.  Thai tapas are usually what I try.  Love most of them, some even "just like mama makes it".  I've tried curry which they ask between 1-5 and we had a 5 (which my friend asked for a thai 5 not a white guy's 5, since he's had some places skimp thinking he can't handle it) and it wasn't that spicy at all.  Although he did get the Duck Curry, which too spicy might overpower the dish.  So it's understandable.  My other friend got a 3 tofu curry.  TO DIE FOR!  I loved it and I am normally not a curry fan.  Although eatting a whole dish by myself I don't know (that's just not my dish nothing against the food)I prefer Pad Thai.  They have tofu and chicken, but we asked for Duck.  They made it for us.  It was heaven! I would ask them to make it again!  They also have wine there...and are pretty knowledgeable and will let you try some of the wine if you were interested in trying it.  ((We spent more in wine than our dishes...we had 7 people and our bill ended up being 150 for food and 170 for wine))  I say with that many people, it was a good deal :)
5	Great great place.. Must try tapas.. Spinach salad is spectacular..Although this place has the traditional thai dishes.. This place is has the tapas.. It's not a typical size tapas.. its more like appetizers, so 2 is more than enough.. They also have an fruit infused iced tea.. excellent service.. must try if you're in the area..
2	As Multi-Culti as "Thai Fusion Tapas" intends to be, Let's be honest folks_ the concept is a tad "Mighty Whitey ". Only the ruling class would pay triple for half the quantity and authenticity you could find at a homestyle Thai Joint. Our last visit was not so great, and I must say we were treated terribly by the untrained, immature staff, and walked out. Look Summerlin, you can't put a tie on a high school student and consider them trained wait staff ! We were left to stand ignored at door, rudely asked if we had reservations when place was empty. We go out to eat to escape our snarky teenager, not to be served by Beavis_or was it Butthead? Menu is quasi-inventive, and a slight addiction to Kung-fu girl wine held my fancy for a minute. There are some vegetarian options like the special spinach salad flash-fried in chick pea flour, that initially lured us, but quality and portion size has diminished each time we've gone back, as has service. We kept trying because we live nearby and want to support our local neighborhood restaurants, but the recent poor service is unwarranted_and we're pretty low maintenence gals. Give us a bowl of colorful curry and we'll sit quitely in the corner until it's gone.Too bad, as Nittaya's could be a great local wine bar if they had some warmth to offer customers with their over-priced plates. Sad truth is poor service can make any food unpalatable. Tapas should remain in Spain, and we're back to LV China Town for a "real deal" and LV's best kept secret.
1	So earlier, I had a higher review of this restaurant (only 3 starts) but after a whole fiasco of incorrect credit card charges unfolded after my visit, I must give this place a much lower rating.I went with my friend, and we wanted to split the bill down the middle, which is easy enough, but they double charged her and then were very rude about the whole thing, refusing to refund the money. This was to top of an already mediocre to poor evening of service.  I am so embarrassed to have invited my friend here for what was supposed to be a fun girls' night out.
5	I was pleasantly surprised by this place.  Thai tapas, what a unique idea, but I'd probably still stick with ordering a main dish and some tapas as appetizers to try. Every dish I tried was absolutely amazing. The spice levels were right on point and the ingredients were fresh. We ordered the egg rolls and firecracker shrimp to start. They were delightful. I highly recommend the shrimp. They were seasoned perfectly and had a great spicy flavor. I ordered the panang shrimp curry and my fella tried the green curry with catfish. My panang was pretty good, but the star of the dinner was the green curry. It was incredible and there was avocado on top that complemented the flavors perfectly.The interior is TINY. A little cramped, but decorated nicely and the staff is extremely friendly, warm and attentive. Our water glasses never went unfilled. Our waiter was fantastic. He was incredibly friendly and funny!I'll definitely be back to try some of the other intriguing menu items despite living kinda far from Nittaya's. I highly recommend this place! It's not authentic Thai food, so if you're looking for that, you might be disappointed, but delicious nonetheless.Honestly, the place is a bit pricy, so I'd definitely recommend checking out the restaurant. com site for a discounted gift certificate.
4	I wanted to go somewhere on St. Patrick's Day where I would least likely find beer chugging party goers. I just wanted to go somewhere that served Coconut Soup for my sore throat and some place very quiet because I also had a headache. I wasn't feeling too great as you can tell. When we stepped in it looked very cozy with the brown, gold and brick walls. The tables were draped in white it was very calming. I started off with the Coconut Soup it came in soup dish. The dish was a little shallow meaning that there was only one serving. I'm used to places like Thai Barbecue that serves it in a big silver server which comes with more than enough to take home. I was sick so I was hoping for more. I know that this is a Thai tapas place but my soup wasn't on the tapas menu so I thought it would be bigger. The soup still had a nice taste and the chicken pieces were not too big which was perfect. The only thing is I wish the soup was served hotter. My husband had the Citrus Steak Salad which had cucumbers, tomato, red onion and spicy lime dressing . That was really good and the meat was nice and tender. I tried the Grilled Mango Shrimp that was served with a Spicy Mango Sauce. I was afraid the dish might be too salty because of the bacon wrapped shrimp but it was a perfect balance of salty and sweet. It reminded me of the shrimp I used to order at Tom Ham's Light House in San Diego years ago! It was delicious! We also ordered some fried rice. It was good but I don't recommend taking it home because it doesn't taste good the next day . The rice is too mushy that it just doesn't keep well. My husband and I shared the Thai buttermilk donuts with Coconut Rum Caramel sauce . It was a sweet ending to a great meal.
4	Generally, I find the trend of fusion restaurants to be an empty fad.  Most of the time, one restaurant blending two culinary traditions simply fails at both of them, rather than creating something interesting.So I walked into Nittaya's Secret Kitchen, which offers a fusion of tapas and Thai foods, with a heavy bias.  But I left pleasantly surprised because Nittaya's has mastered the art of juggling -- offering a wonderful selection of Thai and tapas fusion dishes that are often better than what you'd find in Thai or tapas restaurant.  When we were there, we had the fried avocado for an appetizer.  It's the only time I've ever used the terms "airy" and "fried" to describe the same dish, but it really was an inventive combination with the delightful fried crispy shell surrounding the soft tastiness of a fresh avocado.  If you head over there, I'd put the fried avocado on your "must have" list.  We also ordered the spinach salad, which was tasty, but not quite as magical as the fried avocado.  The spinach salad also comes with fried spinach leaves, which are tasteless on their own.  But dip the fried spinach leaves in the sweet cashew sauce provided on the side and it's fairly tasty.  A distant second to that lovely avocado, but creative in its own right.For the mean course, we stuck with a more traditional Thai and ordered the red curry with chicken.  And kudos to Nittaya's for not dialing back the spice.  The red curry was spicier that I was expecting and super flavorful.  And they treat the ingredients right.  The vegetables?  Cooked and crisp.  The chicken?  Tender.  And they didn't skimp on the vegetables in the curry.All in all, one of the better Thai places I've eaten in Vegas.  The prices are a little steep, but creativity doesn't come cheap in culinary land.4.5 stars overall.
4	This little place has been a couple of different restaurants that haven't made it, but I sure hope this latest reincarnation lasts.  It's another place right in my neighborhood and I'm happy to report that it was a fine dining experience, as in great!  I had the spinach salad, which, as other reviewers have said, is a must:  it's tempura spinach--where else can you get that?  I also ordered the grilled mango shrimp, which is shrimp wrapped in bacon with a mango sauce: I did not share this dish.  My date had the  grilled salmon-avocado curry, which he loved and ate all by himself because I'm allergic to fish, but it gave me a good excuse to hoard my shrimp.  We finished off the meal with the fried bananas with coconut ice cream--wow!  Service was excellent throughout, but it's hard to be neglected in such a small space--I would recommend reservations if you go.  This place shouldn't be a secret because I want it to stay--check it out for yourself soon!
5	One of the best tai restaurants I have ever eatten in.  Warm decor, great staff.  The food is amasing each time I go.  I am hooked on the coconut soup.  The spinage salad is fabulous and if you like pad tai, their's can't be beat.  It is a little expensive but quality food always cost a little more.  I love it!  Can't wait to go back and try the curry.
5	Probably the only Thai place in Summerlin that I know. I don't know maybe. I'm not an expert or something. But the food was decent for a Thai place. If you want real good Thai place  look up noodle house and pin kaow pretty good places.
4	I kind of wish there was a half-star rating, since Nittaya's falls between 3 and 4 stars for me. I rounded up based on the expectation that my next experience will be even better. We went to Nittaya's for dinner last night and it was quite busy. We hadn't thought to make a reservation (our fault) but there wasn't a long wait, which was nice. The dining space is tiny, but elegantly decorated and comfortable. You get quite friendly with your neighbors, which is good if you are social, or if you just want to look at their food. They do have some outdoor seating, which looked pleasant, and we'll definitely try next time. On being sat, we were offered a fruit infused water. I thought it was very nice, subtle, and something a little different. Before I go any further, I have to admit that I am NOT a Thai food expert. I have actually actively avoided Thai food for years because I couldn't handle spice. I only recently began developing any spice tolerance and  I was hoping a "fusion" place like Nittaya's would help ease me into a heretofore unexplored cuisine. I was definitely not disappointed on that count.My husband ordered the fried avocado as an appetizer. Unfortunately, it took a REALLY long time to come out of the kitchen. We kept watching food for the table behind us whiz past while we could only stare longingly at it. Finally however, it did come out and oh, it was worth the wait! The avocado was a brilliant green, with just enough coating to give it a delicious crunch without being oily. The sauce that came with it was bright and flavorful and just a little spicy, perfectly cutting through the creaminess of the avocado.For entrees my husband ordered the duck curry and I ordered the tofu curry, and here is where we came to another service problem. My curry came to the table roughly ten minutes before my husband's ever made it out of the kitchen. The waitress was extremely apologetic and offered us comped desserts to make up for it. Again, the food was totally worth the wait. The tofu was nicely seared (which many places don't bother to do) and the sauce, although a bit on the sweet side, was very delicious. My husband thoroughly enjoyed his duck curry, saying the duck was very moist, tender, and perfectly cooked. I tried one of the cherry tomatoes from his dish and though it was a little spicier than mine it wasn't overwhelming.Then it was dessert. I chose the Thai Donuts, while my husband got the fried banana rolls. Both came out piping hot and absolutely delicious. The only complaint I would make about the donuts is that I would have liked a ramekin of some kind of sauce to dip them into. The waitress apologized again, and assured us that the kitchen normally runs much smoother. We told her we appreciated her candor, and that we would definitely be back. And we will!
3	This place is really hit or miss.  My friends and I were invited by John's uncle.  And he even told us this place was really hit or miss.  And we ordered a lot of different tapas.  I mean, it's a tapas place.  You've got a large group of people.  So of course you're going to order a lot of different dishes.So we got the fried tofu, the fried avocado, the summerlin rolls (chicken), the fire cracker prawns, the steamed mussels, the famous spinach salad and some salmon dish that I don't see on the menu now.  What was interesting.  The spinach salad was really interesting.  It's like tempura spinach with a dipping sauce on the side.  Really unique taste.  And I've never had crunchy potato-chip like spinach.  So it's pretty fun to eat.  The mussels weren't bad.  The sauce it was cooked in was a little bland but the mussels were perfectly cooked.  Fried tofu is good.  But I love fried tofu.  But then again, the fired tofu's not amazing.  The fried avocado is different.  Not bad.  Never had fried avocado so if you like avocado-I definitely recommend it.  The salmon dish was possibly the best thing we had.  Excellent.  Made me wonder if ordering tapas might have been the wrong way to go.  So what was terrible?  The summerlin rolls.  Garbarge.  The fire cracker prawns, almost tasteless.  Pricey.  Worth it?  Meh.  Food wasn't bad but I wouldn't go back.  Too many misses and not enough hits.
5	This place has an amazing array of Thai style tapas that make your taste buds run wild! Plan ahead with a reservation as seating is very limited in this busy little neighborhood treasure!
4	The Spinach salad is actually more kinda like Spinach "nachos" -- spinach dipped in tempura so they're like crunchy chips that you can dip in a delicious sauce. The tofu Pad Thai and Beef Pad See Ew were also good. The prawn tapas was a little dry / not recommended.
2	Have eaten here three more times since the initial review and the quality of the food has notably declined.  Today one in the party ordered Pad Z-U beef.  I thought it curious that there was some wadded up plastic wrap under the rim of the plate, and removed it.  It seems that dish was refrigerated and re-heated (possibly in the microwave given the plastic wrap's texture).  It didn't look good, and our companion, having had the Pad Z-U two other times here was very disappointed.  It was served lukewarm too.  The other two dishes:-eggplant with basil sauce and added tofu was fine, though tastier on prior visits-eggplant with peanut sauce ordered mild, but came more medium-hot, but good-an order of brown rice was a bit undercooked and about 1/4 of the quantity of the dish of white rice, not quite enough for one person  -waiter was distracted and a bit grumpy and was the same way last time tooThe place wasn't very busy at lunch and perhaps the declining food quality and service is to blame, especially when their prices are in the higher category.  Quite a disappointment.
4	We were pleasantly surprised about this hidden gem. The reason one star is missing is because they were out of each wine we tried to order on their half off night- which was frustrating.  However, the rest of the meal pleased us.  Never would I think a fried spinach salad would taste so good.  We also enjoyed the drunken noodles and  red curry. The dining room is small, so a reservation is highly recommended.
5	What a secret!  I can't help but tell everyone about Nittaya's.  A very small, cozy space that is stylish yet casual.  Each dish is carefully thought out and executed beautifully.  The dishes are layered with flavor and it is worth making many visits to get through the menu.  Tapas & Thai, two of my favorite things done very well!
3	This little place is beautiful, with just the right lighting to make it a special romantic hideaway. That also makes it a little difficult to read the price-gouging wine list, where a glass of Riesling goes for $12 for one brand and $10 for another. I think Nittaya has lost sight of the fact that this is a neighborhood restaurant nowhere the Strip. The waitress, whose English made her nearly impossible to understand, did a good high-pressure job of pushing the Tempura Spinach Salad appetizer, and we were glad she did. It was outstanding, though it's now $11, not the $9 previously reported.  Our party of four also ordered the Fried Avocado  appetizer and the Shrimp Patties, but the waitress brought the wrong shrimp appetizer, saying they had similar names.  She changed it cheerily.  The avocado was very good, but the shrimp patties were ordinary and greasy. For our main course, my husband and I shared a Chicken Musaman Curry, served with a side of jasmine rice. This was the only dish that didn't have an elegant presentation. It was good - not the best, but certainly not the worst Musaman I've had - but could have benefited from less sauce and more chicken. They didn't offer it with beef, which I like better. The other couple had much bigger appetites, ordering Salmon in an Avocado Curry, a Crab Fried Rice, and Catfish in an unidentifiable reddish sauce. She liked her salmon, he hated his catfish, and the fried rice was lukewarm. With visions of Yogurtland dancing in our heads, we bypassed dessert here. If we were to return, we'd probably order just from the appetizer/tapas menu. But then again, almost everything on that menu is either fried, stuffed with cream cheese, or both. We'd probably be best off leaving that kind of food for the younger set.
5	Delicious!  Ambiance!  World famous spinach salad!  Steamed mussels!  Seared ahi!  All delicuous!  The workers there are friendly & know their stuff!
5	How can I keep this restaurant secret but still write a review on Yelp about it?  OK, I'll pretend I didn't write this review if you pretend you didn't hear about it from me.  Deal?  Let me just preface this by saying that I've been around my share of delicious Thai restaurants.  I mean, I'm from Hawaii, where we have an abundance of delicious Asian cuisine and Thai food restaurants galore.  With that said, I have to tell you that this place is a little gem.  Everything from the decor of the place where it has a nice, intimate setting yet plays pretty hip background music, to their furniture and coziness...just adds to the experience.  I've had some dishes here that I have never had any any other Thai restaurant.  Sure they have your typical pad thai or Tom Yum Soup but the delicious tempura spinach salad was truly magical.  This place is definitely a place that I'd like to come back to again so I can try even more of their dishes.  Shh...now go erase my review from your memory because I didn't write it.  ^_~
5	I had been dying to try Nittaya's after hearing about it from close friends.  I envisioned a small mom & pop place with just good food and was so surprised at this beautiful little oasis tucked away in an nicer than average strip mall in Summerlin.From the moment you step in to the zen/modern/Asian flair styled dining room, read from the beautifully bound menu til the time you finally push yourself away from the table, the experience is delightful in every way!My friend's insisted we order 2 of the  world famous spinach salad (spinach leaves fried in tempura with lime dressing) which was like nothing I  have ever tasted before.  The leaves were light, airy & crispy and the dressing was tangy & the perfect compliment to the spinach. I ordered the Pad Thai.  It was so tasty and fragrant! My favorite pad thai in Vegas to date.  My one friend ordered the Lemongrass-Rubbed Cornish Game Hen which he proclaimed delicious although pretty spicy!  Did I mention the orange infused water?  I'll be back because I'm dying to sample more of their their  tasty sounding thai tapas and I'm already craving the spinach salad!
4	This is one of my favorite places and my husband and I always order the same things: mango grilled shrimp (normally I don't eat shrimp or bacon), chicken satay, and the chicken pad Thai.I would give them five stars but although the service at the bar is always good, I think the restaurant is under staffed.  Nittaya - please hire more staff!  My second complaint is they don't offer any salads without meat.I love the atmosphere - warm and cozy, kind of SF-isn
2	Nitayyas is one of our favorite places however, last night left much to be desired.  The person that waited on us did not present the service we are accustom to receiving at Nittaya's.  We did overhear him as he advised other patrons that he is the manager, if that was the case why was he semi-serving us?
5	Nittaya's is a diamond in the rough. I've been here twice and have had a sampling from the tapas and happy endings (dessert) menus. I would recommend particular dishes, but so far everything has been delicious...so try everything! The service is top notch, the decor is beautiful, and the aroma of fresh flowers only adds to the ambiance.  This is the type of place to have a relaxing dinner with friends, to bring a date or out of town guests, or to go just because. P.S. Half price bottles of wine on Thursdays!
4	We take an older friend who lives in Sun City to dinner on a bi-weekly basis.  Thank you Yelpers, we loved Nittaya's Secret Kitchen!  From the moment we walked in, we were taken in by the elegant and warm decor.  Small, but very cozy.  For appetizers, we ordered the Famous Spinach Salad, Fried Avocado, Cilantro Steak Skewers, and Chicken Satay.  The spinach salad was a complete (and awesome) surprise.  Spinach leaves fried in a tempura batter with a delicious dipping sauce.  The couple (regulars) sitting next to us suggested that we spoon the sauce onto the leaves.  Yum!  The steak skewers were very tender and full of flavor.  And the fried avocado...the sauce was to die for!  The chicken was good, but the other tapas were hard to follow!  As our friend is not to excited about spicy food, our server recommended the Pad Z-U noodles with chicken for him.  We shared the grilled skirt steak with avocado.  Very tender and tasty!  Topped off the meal with a chocolate coffee pudding with real whipped cream. (no leftovers there!)  We had at least four people attending to our every need.  They were fantastic!  We loved the special touches such as orchids adorning every dish and fresh flowers on the table.  Happy hour at the bar looks fun! Looking forward to going back to try some of their other dishes!
4	Spinach salad is a must try.  Pad thai is good, not as good as Lotus of Siam.  Pad see ew tastes similar to Pin Kaow.  Really good thai iced tea.  Pricier than most thai restaurants.Service is good and fast.  Decor is lovely.  I will probably go once in a while but since Pin Kaow is nearby, this will not be a regular place for me.
4	Between 4 and 5 stars.  Everything was so spicy.  Great flavors.  Especially loved the fried avocado! yum yum yum.  I believe the owner was taking care of us and she was super friendly and had great suggestions for a Thai novice such as myself.  Wine was half-priced on Thursdays and we took full advantage of this :) We stayed for hours, drinking and munching on the appetizers we split.  This is a small restaurant and it was packed.  There are apparently a lot of people in Summerlin who love this place and for good reason: It was delicious.  Beautiful lighting too.  Don't let the strip mall location fool you.  Great for a date spot or happy hour with the girls.
4	We went with a big group, and although this restaurant is quite small, they accommodated us well!  We started out with a bunch of tapas...the best one was the spinach salad with tempura spinach (so unique!) that came with a chicken lime dressing.  The tempura was not overly greasy and paired well with the dressing.  The fried avocado was also very good, creamy on the inside and perfectly crunchy on the outside.  For our entrees, the green curry with chicken and penang curry shrimp were my favorites.  The flavors were excellent, and there was some definite spice to the dishes.  The chicken pad thai and pad Z-U were standard.  The restaurant itself is very pretty inside, with low-lighting for a more romantic atmosphere.  Definitely give this place a try for a more upscale Thai restaurant!
3	The interior of this restaurant is very elegant, but the furniture is too big for the small space. All tables are way too close to the others, leaving little room for some privacy. Altough the decor might be called intimate, it appeared a little to dark for my taste, with black table linen. Service was excellent though and restrooms were immaculaty clean.The food was tasty, but not extraordinary. Avocado rolls were delicious, but so are those at other places (Cheesecake factory, BJ's in Henderson). The spinach salad was fried, but that was our mistake as we did not check. Komol serves a similar dish that is just as good. Drunken noodles (flat noodles with ground chicken and veggies), was great, although Dangee Thai on Pecos makes them better. Overall a very enjoyable lunch but the Eastside of town has just as many enjoyable places. Komol is great, but StickErice is still my favorite Thai!Update: I received a nice email back from the owner, explaining some of the dishes I tried and I really appreciated the effort. It showed they really care about their food and their customers. Maybe a second try might be worth it when I am in Summerlin.
5	Awesome!  Thai tapas?  Never heard of them until this place.  Spinach salad is to die for - individual spinach leaves batter dipped & fried with a cashew vinaigrette.  Panko breaded, fried avocado and the coconut shrimp both melt in your mouth.  Service was prompt and helpful - couldn't remember the name of the wine we liked, so our server let us try different varieties before buying a bottle.  DEFINITELY will be back.
5	What a great concept, my husband and I enjoyed the small plates Nittayas has managed to put a fun and creative way to eat authentic Thai food. The place is very pretty nice atmosphere, the owner and chef happened to stop by are table we  where telling her we are enjoying the taste treats, she said she uses her mother's recipes and also adds her own style to the dishes. I would definitely be going back maybe bring some of my friends on girls night out!!
5	This is one of the best little gems in Las Vegas! Quaint, charming, intimate setting with incredible Thai food. I have always been a lover of Thai food but Nittaya's is taking it to the next level. It is inventive, creative and sexy! This is a great place for date night or to come have Thai tapas with friends and enjoy their happy hour. ($5 tapas $5 glasses of wine) You MUST try the spinach salad. It's individually tempura fried spinach leaves with an amazing Thai cashew dipping sauce! Also the Basil Tofu is fantastic as is the Coconut Curry Chicken! WOW I cannot say enough great things about this place!
2	Gf liked the boullabaise, spinach tempura interesting at first...fish cake rubbery but flavorful.  Very nice decor. Great napkin folding.  Waiter hawked a phlegmball just as we were taking our first bite in an otherwise quiet restaurant.
5	I had the fried avocado, steak skewers, chicken satay skewers, a shrimp tapas, pork pot stickers and shishito peppers. Everything was delicious, but I could have done without the pot stickers since they were nothing special, but they were well-made if you like them.I came in here thinking it was just a good Thai place to stop by for a quick lunch, but was surprised to see that it was more of a classy establishment. I considered leaving due to time, but I'm glad that I stayed and will come back again to try the rest of the tapas menu and the entrees. Yummy!
4	Attentive and friendly staff. Josh, behind the bar, was my server.  Food is beyond expectation. I started with the coconut soap that was a surprise of perfect pieces of chicken. Then had Massaman chicken that is very good, stick to your ribs and filling. Ended with Thai Donuts that I thought I would not be able to eat them all but had no problem empting the plate. Small space for the well to do locals without busting the wallet. I will go back for more.
2	I'd been wanting to try Nittaya's for a while based on the reviews and inventive menu items, plus it was right next to Zaba's which I frequent.  Today seemed as good a day as any so I asked a coworker if he wanted anything and placed our order.  For me: a healthy combination of the tempura spinach salad along with the fried avocado and an iced tea in the belief that the two fried items cancel each other out (two negatives equal a positive).   My friend wanted the Seafood madness.  They said it'd be ready in 15 minutes so we left immediately.  Upon arrival, the food was ready and I got the check. (start of rant)   $44?!?!!?    My spinach salad was $11 as advertised, and the avocado said $9 and I thought it was $8 on the menu but wasn't positive.  My friend's seafood madness was $19.   He had only given me $17 to pay for it.   I assumed this mistake was probably on him and just paid the bill and left, figuring at worst maybe the price had gone up $1 or so from the online menu.   When I got back to the office I loaded the menu up and was appalled to see that the seafood madness dish was listed at $15!   In addition, my fried avocado appetizer was listed at $7 (charged $9).   This means the charged price at the restaurant was a whole $6 higher than their online menu suggests.  I regretted not saying anything at the restaurant itself but of course I knew I'd have Yelp to run to to vent about this.   It's one thing if the price changes for a dine-in customer because at least they know what price they're going to pay as they order, but for a call in customer who is clearly going off what might be an outdated price menu, I feel there should have been something mentioned.  I'd be willing to accept a $1 to $2 increase on an item, but $4 is quite a bump up to just assume the customer would accept it.   To be fair, the website for Nittaya's does say "Menu subject to change" but nowhere does it say "Prices" as well, and I think it's just lazy to not have an updated menu loaded when it's obvious SEVERAL prices have changed recently.(off soapbox)   Onto the food.   I actually found the Spinach salad and Avocado both to be quite tasty.  The Tempura Spinach tastes exactly how you'd imagine it would taste (which is wonderful) and is certainly more of an appetizer than a salad, as you can just pick up the fried pieces of spinach and dip them into the nicely contrasting vinegary/chicken sauce.  I do think they were only good in moderation and I could only do about 1/3 of the order by myself before the constant fried flavor was just becoming too much.   The fried avocado was actually bland to me.   That is, until I dipped it into the accompanying sauce which I thought was delicious.  It actually tasted incredibly similar to Zaba's Medium Green Salsa if you've ever had that, and combined with the fried pieces of avocado I thought the dish was a winner.  It was completely my own fault for ordering 2 fried items and trying to make a meal out of it, but after a few pieces of the avocado along with the spinach my tastebuds started becoming a little numb to the fried flavor.  Mixing one of these with one of the heartier entrees probably would have been a much better idea but I really wanted to try the two dishes that get the most praise here on Yelp.   The iced tea, even unsweetened, tasted delicious.   I can't get through the fried taste in my mouth to be able to tell you exactly what flavor it is thoughNittaya's would have gotten a 4 based on the food alone, but the upcharge on the menu items without any warning decrease it to a 2 to me as it left a bad taste in my mouth that not even the tempura spinach or wonderful sauce with the avocado can wash away.
3	Got an email from the owner of the restaurant apologizing for the mistake with the prices and was assured that they would work on getting the menus updated.   I just checked and this still hasn't been done but I understand that sometimes it can take a while depending on who set the website up for the restaurant, etc.Either way I'm bumping it up to a 3 star review because I like when owners/employees of a restaurant are willing to own up to their mistakes and be interactive with Yelp users.   In the meantime I hope they're informing take out customers of any items with differing prices!
4	Stopped in for happy hour and had the beef jerky and pot stickers, both were very good and the woman behind the bar was on top of her game, my glass was always full. highly recommend. I hear it gets busy for dinner service though and its quite small, so make a reservation if you're planning on checking out the full menu.
4	Very tasty. Friendly service. Would go again.
4	One of the best experience I had with all the restaurants I have ever been in Las Vegas.Tempura Spinach Salad was the so good, when you eat them, you want to order another.The best item of the night was the dessert, home made coconut ice cream, the dessert was served in a whole young coconut shell, warm sticky rice inside of the coconut, home made ice cream on top to melt into the rice. The creaminess of the ice cream and the chewiness of the rice was the perfect mixture of texture and feelings  The ice cream was also the most expensive item of the night. But I think it was totally worth it.
5	This place is exceptional. It's a small bistro setting and the food is excellent.  Customer service was first class.Small portion size but gourmet presentation, and incredible flavors.The night we went the house special was Ahi Pokey, OMG, delicious!
5	Went there for lunch recently.  When I first walked in, the decor, music and ambiance got my attention - in a positive way.The service was fast and excellent  - they even flavor the ice water with fresh citrus fruit. I don't know how they are able to make it so the pot stickers don't leave a thick greasy residue on your fingers but they succeed.  The basil eggplant had so many different and wonderful flavors that I almost forgot that I was having a vegetarian meal.Overall great food, service, beautiful decor and you can tell that Nittaya put a lot of thought and care into the restaurant. Kudos!
5	the best thai food in vegas
5	I really enjoyed the tapas. We ordered the fried spinach, fried avocado, steamed mussels, bacon-wrapped mango shrimp, and chicken with peanut sauce. The first two dishes were novel and served with excellent dipping sauces. The mussels were fresh and maybe just a tad over cooked, but still pretty good and without that stale salty taste.  The shrimp and chicken were also delicious.  The one aspect I would recommend is to order the food a little at a time because it came to us quickly, but it was a Tuesday night.  I can't wait to go back-and I've lived in NYC and travel abroad (including Paris) and so I recognize a good thing when I taste it!
4	Checked out the website today, looks like they updated it and it looks great, plus they've taken out the prices and added some tempting lunch specials.   Fully upgrading to the 4 stars that the food deserved.  Everything seems A OK now!
1	I went here this evening with my family from out of town. I have been here before and have really enjoyed the food a lot. I am a vegetarian, and they have a lot of good options for me. Others that have had the meat dishes have always said they were very good too. The reason for 1 star tonight are because of two management issues. 1) With a check in on yelp, you are supposed to get a free sangria. When we got there, I was informed that the deal was only for Monday through Thursday. I had been here before on a Saturday night and received the deal, so I was confused, but let it go. 2) My mother found a hair in her food. We sent it back. The waiter returned and told us in an accusatory tone, that no one in the kitchen had a blond hair (my mother has blond hair). She was disgusted, and refused to eat anything else. Another waitress came up and offered us desert, which we accepted. We ordered two  desserts for 5 people to share. When we received the almost $200 bill, the  $19 entree with the hair was still on there and the most expensive desert ($12) was on there too. They had taken off a $7 dessert and that was it. We disagreed over the bill and the server returned to inform us that the chef/owner was not going to take it off, but that the servers has decided that THEY themselves would pay for it. This whole exchange and experience of the night was disgusting. If my mother did not LIKE her dish, they would have taken it back and given her something else.  I do not think that an owner with 5 tables on a Saturday night should be so rude to customers. We will be taking our business elsewhere.  I hope the $19 was worth it.
4	We had driven by this restaurant many times but never saw many cars and were hesitant to go in for dinner.  On a recent Thursday night we arrived there a little early,  which was a good thing since its a small restaurant with few tables that really fills up.  Our waiter was very helpful with the complex menu.  Her recommendations which included the fried spinach didn't disappoint,  the food was great.  The prices good, and the portions ample.  The atmosphere was also lovely, so unexpected from the outside.   We will defiantly make this a neighborhood regular
1	This is the mother"The hair that I gave your server was in the food that was served to me. I pulled it out of my mouth. The hair was grey, not blonde! I then placed it on the tablecloth next to me to give to your server. We did not expect you to comp the entire meal. We did expect you not to try and charge us for the dish with the hair in it. Not only did you charge for the dish, you offered us a free dessert and yes, we ordered two. So what did you do? You gave us the cheaper one for $7.00 and charged us for the dish that cost $12.00. The right thing to do would have have been for you, the chef/owner to come out, apologize and make it right. We have enjoyed our other meals at your restaurant and have recommended it to our friends. This kind of experience leaves a really bad impression and does not excite us to come back or recommend you. With such a small venue, it seems to me that you would want your customers be leave happy. As an aside, my dish was shrimp with baby bok choy as was my daughters. Both dishes came with broccoli (substitute) , with no discussion or notice from the server! Sincerely, the mother who had the grey hair in her mouth."
5	Cute little spot about 20 - 30 minutes from the strip. The place is small, cozy, and very cute. Love the design.The service is excellent. The menu extensive (including vegan options.)We devoured everything thrown our way and I found myself eating stuff I'd normally never try.The price was pretty nice considering how well we ate.I highly suggest trying them battered spinach thingies (forgot the name). They are ridiculously good!
3	Last night we dined at Nittaya's.  The food was good but I did not leave "in love" as usual.  We started off with our usual-"THE" Spinach Salad.  The Spinach was light & crispy but the dressing seemed different-I can not exactly identify what was different.  I usually can not stop eating it but after 3 bites I was satisfied.  We also ordered the Fried avocado appetizer which was very tasty-the avocado was smooth and buttery and rich. I ordered the Beef Pad Z U (their spelling).  It just did not taste "right" to me (not bad, not horrible though).  My husband tasted it-thought the meat was chewy but declared it "ok".  We took it home.  He ordered the Duck Curry which he declared "pretty good".  One friend ordered the Salmon Curry which she liked.   Our other friend ordered the ribs which he loved.  One con about this otherwise delightful place is the seating.  I am not a tiny person and have no one to blame but myself.  That said, the tables are so tightly placed as is the bar "area".  People generally will scootch their seat back and the people at the bar scootch their seat back.  Our party was already seated in the back and all avenues to get to our table were blocked with patrons having their seats back just a little BUT since the tables are so close together it was almost virtually impossible to get to our seat.  I noticed all of the very slender servers and staff having to turn sideways and such to get back and forth between the tables. (So of course my sizable ass was not getting through without a chair or something being moved).  After dinner we felt almost trapped at our table and did not feel comfortable trying to leave until the table behind us cleared.  The service was wonderful as usual.
4	Shhhhh...don't tell anyone because this is a secret kitchen.  I have had this restaurant bookmarked for awhile because I kept reading about the world famous spinach salad.  I love spinach.  And I love anything deep fried.  It is a match made in heaven.  I met a friend for lunch here and upon entering we were impressed with the elegant and serene atmosphere. We decided to start off with the spinach salad to share, and each ordered from the $11 lunch menu.  I now understand why this spinach salad is "world famous".  It was delicious.  Perfectly crispy, and the larb/lime dressing that accompanied it was fantastic.  I would eat salads (even non deep fried ones) everyday if I could pour that dressing on it.  I ordered the Basil Eggplant and it also came with a small salad a potsticker, and my friend went with the classic Chicken Pad Thai. Everything was beautifully presented. And more importantly, tasted delicious.  I had stuffed myself silly with the spinach salad, but could not resist licking my entree plate clean.  My dish automatically comes at a spice level of 1 (on a scale of 5) and I upped to a 3 to give it that perfect kick. The service was sweet and friendly. Our fruit infused water glasses were never empty. Thanks Nittaya! I'l be back! Can't wait to come back and try the tapas and wine!!
5	This quaint place has the perfect small RESTURANT atmosphereFood was excellent too
4	We have started to add this restaurant in to our rotation.  Most nights there are tables available but if you are with a big crowd I would suggest calling.  The food is very good.  Our favorite dishes are the spicy catfish (we get it not too spicy and it still has a kick to it), grilled salmon avocado curry (this dish is to die for and I will steal this idea of crispy grilled salmon in a green curry sauce with avocado on top and try to make it at home),  crab fried rice.  We have gone with friends who have enjoyed the pineapple rice, fried avocado, chicken satay.  I have not gone on thursday nights but they have all their bottles of wine at half price.  The restaurant is small but I like the decor and the wait staff is good.  Definitely a good addition to the neighborhood.
5	Husband and I stopped in on a Saturday night without reservations around 6pm and were seated without issues, which was nice because we seemed to just beat the rush that happened at 6:30 to 7:00pm. The waitress was very kind and patient in explaining the dishes. It didn't seem to have come from some rehearsed dialog, as she genuinely cared about the food and service. We chose the chicken pad thai and tapas called Golden Pouches. The pad thai was most definitely the best version of the dish that I have had in town and was a spitting image of my memory of my Thai friends' family's home-cooked pad thai. The chicken was tender and the flavors were amazing! Earthy, fresh, noodle texture was perfect and not rubbery... We ate the whole thing and when we go back again, we would easily order that dish a second time. The golden pouches are potato and curry seasoning wrapped in egg dough that is fried. They are made to look like little pouches, and they are so good, crisp, hot, and spiced! Reminded me of Christmas... Those were off the tapas menu, and were big enough to be satisfying. The ambience was very nice, subtle decor, music from Massive Attack playing in the background... Did not have a chance to try any wines, but the selection was very decent given the size of the establishment. The bar section looked very inviting. Overall cozy feel and welcoming. Would certainly go back again to try more dishes, if only for the kindness of the staff, not to mention the quality of the food.
5	Love this place - the food, the ambiance, the SERVICE and the food again! Just perfect. Ask for Devynn if you go! She's fantastic. This is an upscale place where you can either dress a little nicer for a great date night or a little more casual.
4	Thai food in vegas can be quite difficult to find.  Next to Lotus of Siam, Nittaya's is my favorite.  They have some interesting dishes such as the spinach salad and the charred peppers and are also willing to account for those of us with dietary restrictions.  In addition to the above mentioned dishes I also had the basil eggplant with tofu.  I wish I had ordered it a 5 spicy, as I got the 3 and tasted no spice at all.  The flavor was great, and would get it again, just order a higher spice level.The decor is great, the waitstaff is nice.  The place is tiny so reservations are recommended it was packed when we went.
4	This is a good Summerlin find, especially if you're a Thai and wine fan (thats me). They have a great selection of wine to choose from, along with some really good red sangria. I definitely recommend the sangria. I ordered the basil chicken and the muay thai fried rice. I liked that the basil chicken wasn't over sauced and had a bit of a kick to it for me. I can't handle too much spice, so this was just enough. But you can step it up asking for a spiciness from 1 - 5. I liked that the fried rice had a bit more to it, with peppers and basil. Overall, this is a good place for lunch or dinner, or just a glass of wine. ProTip: on the weekends, be sure to make a reservation for dinner.
5	great thai fusion cuisine. very inventive and flavorful. great atmosphere and friendly service. definitely worth trying.
5	You must try Nattaya's, and give your usual restaurant hautes a break.  This is for the guys, if you want to impress your wife, first date or someone really special, take them to Nattaya's.  You'll feel you're at an exclusive establishment, and only you and a few friends were invited.  The food is amazing, so work your way through the menu as I have on three visits.  The staff is very professional and polite.It is what dining should be, relaxed, inviting and not forced.   You will lose track of time there, best dining experience I've had in years.
5	Another Thai favorite to my list. This is a hidden gem. Great tasting food and drink menu
5	I don't usually give out 5 star ratings but this one kind of deserves it. We got 4 different dishes and I loved them all. 2 tapas, 1 curry, and 1 dessert. I've been to a few tapas joints but none are worthy of my 5 star rating. This is as best as it gets for both Thai and tapas :)! It's also definitely 2 $$s.Absolutely no complaints about service either. This is also a very cozy little place so there's not a lot of room. It'll be a lot more busier during dinner time because of the small space. It's got dim lighting but it's a very peaceful environment especially with the soft music. The servers are ultra polite, professional, and friendly. You also get a special type of water but not sure if you can really taste it. If they didn't tell me at the beginning I don't think I would have noticed it at all. Ours had apple and something else (not sure) but I really couldn't taste it -- but that's not really important, I suppose :b.WHAT WE ORDERED:Cilantro Steak Skewers(BBQ) Thai WingsDuck Breast CurryFamily Style Coconut Ice Cream (has sticky rice)THEY'RE ALL GOOD :)! So feel free to try them. Good as in I'd totally get them again. Heard some good things about the mango shrimp so I'll give that a try next time!
4	We truly enjoyed this restaurant. We went in giving the Chef carte blanche with our dinner with the only requirement being that we are gluten free. He made a wonderful Salmon Eggplant green curry and lettuce wraps for appetizer. I enjoyed the ambiance. It was pretty quiet, but it was a Monday at 5pm, so I'm guessing it gets busier. Not Good for Kids at all....so don't bring them!
5	I went here for lunch.  I walked in and the waiter was extremely nice and seated us. They had some wonderful infused water.  The waiter explained the items on the menu and gave us his recommendations.  I had the red curry, my girlfriend had the pad thai and my friend had the drunken noodles. I tried them all and they were all excellent.  You get to choose on a scale of 1-5 for spice level and it can get very spicy.  I can't wait to come back and try more items off their menu.
5	We went here a few weeks ago, wanting Thai food and after reading the Yelp reviews deciding that this looked good.  Let's just say we were blown away.  We had the best server/bartender that was beyond helpful!  He helped us with recommendations and led us to a great meal.  We had the spinach "salad" which was amazing!  We also had the pineapple fried rice served in a pineapple boat and chicken pad thai!  Everything was beyond our expectations.  We cannot wait to return again with friends!
5	Amazing! We must've tried 8 tapas and a red curry, all were delicious.  I can't wait to go back.
4	Great food, but was a little slow on the service and a tad expensive for what you get. i think there are better places in town that have the same menu or close. If you live in the Summerlin area and want to a short trip with good food, Nittaya's is a safe bet. But if you live elsewhere, use the gas to hit up other places around town.
4	not cheap but good and a unique atmosphere. LOVE the fried spinach with their special sauce... so so good !!!
4	This is a beautiful little restaurant with delicious food! Everything our party ordered - including the vegan dishes my husband and I chose - was excellent. The servers were quite knowledgeable about what menu items are vegan, and were happy to find out for me when they didn't know. The food presentation was also lovely, though I'm used to less expensive restuarants, so the menu seemed a little pricey to me.
3	Love, love the decor. This is definitely a perfect place for a date or someone to impress, it's very serene and tranquil and was just a complete relaxation from the usual (but I'm probably saying this because I went right when they opened so it wasn't overly crowded with noise and chatter.) The service was excellent, they were friendly, professional and had immaculate timing with food, refills, etc. (probably because I was one of the few there at the time but still you'd be amazed at how many restaurants suck at this). I also really liked the bathrooms, they weren't the usual dingy bathroom, it kind of felt like a hotel bathroom. I know ... a bathroom review is weird but sometimes it's just good to know. I had the E-Haan Sausage, Calamari, Spinach Salad, Drunken Noodles and the Salmon Avocado Curry. The curry was recommended as the "best dish ever in the city" by the server and with that bold statement I knew it would fail to live up to expectations. It was good, not a standout but still good. The calamari was actually really good much to my surprise. It wasn't over breaded, had the perfect consistency and the sauce was spicy but sweet, a good complement. The E-Haan Sausage was different, you wrapped it in a lettuce wrap and it had different toppings, original, good and different. The drunken Noodles tasted like...drunken noodles. Nothing outstanding, they tasted exactly what they were supposed to taste like. I was a little confused about the hype over the spinach salad. The lime dressing is actually amazing, I love lime and I could drizzle that stuff over anything but the actual salad is just fried lettuce or tempura battered lettuce. I have an inner fat kid so anything fried tastes good, I'm not a fan of carrots but guess what's good? Fried carrots. Almost anything fried can be good so I'm not sure why this dish is overhhyped.All in all not a bad place to check out, good environment, good wine selection, but not five stars because the food was good, but I can't see myself ever craving it or telling someone they have to go here to try a specific dish.
5	This is my absolute favorite restaurant in the Summerlin area bar none.  Nittaya's Thai food is exquisite.  The decor is lovely and the service is always good.  This was the first place I ever experienced dishes such green papaya salad, seafood prepared in a coconut husk, seafood madness or "spinach salad."  I could never be satisfied at a run of a mill restaurant such as Archie's again.  Pad thai and yellow curry seem so boring now!
5	To begin, I am not the biggest fan of thai food to begin with, but this place was great.  We went with another couple and seemed to order everything on the menu.  I don't like spinach, but they got a spinach salad that was great, the lamb was excellent too.  I would make a reservation if going for dinner as it was super packed and the place is relatively small.
4	It's for me, the best thai restaurant I've been to here in Las Vegas. So many thai restaurants in town but this one is so good. Very cute and cozy,  more expensive than the other thai places in town but who cares when the food is delicious?....I don't care to pay more if the food is worth it.My boyfriend and I got the fried rice which was absolutely wonderful, very tasty and not greasy! and also the shrimp curry and their awesome pad thai......They served water infused with fruit which was uhm uhm uhm...This is like a gourmet thai restaurant so don't expect big portions. I looove this place!
4	A beautiful restaurant in Summerlin.  Great ambience and perfect for date night but but BUT, make a reservation as this place is tiny and has limited number of tables.  I went here for our lunchthey're not too busy for lunch. We got a free sangria with our Yelp check-in.They have a great lunch special menu which comes with a salad with ginger dressing, pot sticker and entree for about $11.  I got pad thai spicy 3 out of 5,drunken noodles spicy 5 out of 5.  My pad thai came out really spicy and the drunken noodles were milder so we swapped towards the end when I was covering my nose with tissue.  Despite that, I thought the food was delicious.Service was great.  Our server was attentive.  The food is more expensive here than other Thai restaurants but this is more upscale Thai cuisine.  I'd have to come back here for their tapas and I know I will be back.
5	This place is a hidden gem. I have seen this place while driving by so many times and the sign was just intriguing right off the bat - Thai * Tapas * Wine.... 3 of my favorite things!! Well how stupid am I for waiting so long to try it? This place was SOOOOO good. It was unique, very small dining room, cozy feel... We tried everything that was recommended to us for our first time and we were not disappointed. We did the chicken skewers with the peanut sauce, salmon avocado curry (which I wasn't too keen on from the description, but once I actually tried it I was so thankful I listened), we did the world famous spinach salad.... Not a salad at all, but the sauce was to die for. I checked in on Yelp to receive a free sangria... DELICIOUS and beautiful presentation! This place is a MUST GO TO! Recommending you make a reservation because we showed up at 5:30 and we were the only ones in the dining room - but 30 minutes to an hour later there wasn't a table available!! LOVE this place.
4	Transported upon entry, this cozy dining room with a wine bar suggests a more European feel than a Thai restaurant.  Two menus are presented - one a conventional Thai listing with adapted names for American tastes, like "Pad Z-U".  The other is a tapas menu with an Asian bend.  The papaya salad with prawns tasted authentic but a touch spicy for my dining partner.  We were not offered the '1 to 5' spicy range, but notice the reviews include such a choice.  Nonetheless, I enjoyed the salad 'kick' without complaint.  The catfish was presented with a tasty curry-like sauce that worked very well.  We considered tapas, but our two dishes satisfied.The wine list demonstrates a competent selection with an adequate variety by the glass.  However, our Pinot Noir must have sat in the bottle at least overnight and lacked character.  It's truly awkward to send back glasses of wine during a first visit as these glasses were "borderline" in my opinion, so we shifted gears for 2nd glasses and commented politely to the waiter about the 1st.  I suggest tasting before committing until they cycle their by-the-glass bottles properly.Service was capable and polite.  Reservations are recommended as the size of the dining room is limited for your pleasure and comfort.  I'll be back.
4	Nittayas is by far the nicest, classiest...and most expensive Thai food restaurant I've visited!  I'm pretty sure this was the first time I've ever been asked if I had a reservation...for lunch...for Thai food lol.  And it was the only time I've ever felt self conscience for my 2 year old Little Foodie Dude eating with me during lunch!It is very chic, glamorous and date night appropriate! Service was great as well...and food was outstanding...but you'll pay for it!Coming here during lunch is a great deal! They have $11 lunch specials (yes, expensive compared to others around $5-7 range) but they are packed with flavor and use quality ingredients...you really can taste the difference! The lunch specials also come with a house salad and pot sticker which were both pretty good.  Portions are decent as well, so you should leave satisfied :)I went with my standard Drunken Noodles aka Pad Kee Mao. This was an excellent rendition, with lots of flavor even with chicken instead of pork! I love chinese broccoli, so I was excited to see it in the dish! I asked for it extremely spicy though, and what I got was a 1/10 on my scale...I should have sent it back, but it was soo good even without the spice! Also tried their version of Pad Thai. Surprisingly, this was more spicy than the request for 10/10! I really liked their version of this dish, and is probably the best Pad Thai I've ran into so far, although I don't often order this dish.But what if you don't come here during lunch? Expect to pay $16 for drunken noodles ala carte. They had $15 desserts on the menu. Yes, there are some cheaper alternatives, but I don't even remember seeing $15 desserts in some of the best steakhouses in town!But you need to check this place out if you are a Thai food lover...just go during lunch IMO!
5	I took my sister to Nittaya's Secret Kitchen for dinner.   Thursday is half price wine night, but we were already looking forward to their delicious fruity red Sangria.  We had the charred shishito peppers  - sweet, salty and delicious.  I had to have the spinach salad - the lime dipping sauce is a perfect compliment to the crispy tempura shrimp.  The coconut shrimp with mango pineapple was our third pick.  The shrimp were large, firm and flavorful.  Another great night at Nittaya's!
5	OMG!!!! What happens when Thai food meet AMAZING? It's Nittaya's Hidden Kitchen.  This small local restaurant is a pleasant surprise!!
5	I am slightly hesitant to give such a great review because the place is so small that if it gets too popular i will not be able to get a seat, but with this many great reviews, i would say the secret is out. Absolutely wonderful. I am always pleased when I eat here. By far and away the best item is the famous fried salad. It has a tangy vinaigrette with cashews and even a little bit of savory cheese. I really like the Panang curry, a little spicier than many places but by no means Thai spicy. This is a really small place, I recommend reservations. Highly recommend.
3	My friends and I decided to have dinner at Nittaya's  as we wanted to try a restaurant we had never been to before and Nittaya's menu of Thai inspired tapas was intriguing.Nittaya's is a small, nicely appointed restaurant on the corner of Rampart and Lake Mead.  The restaurant has a long bar with comfortable looking leather stools and just eleven tables set with little oil burning candles, white table clothes and fresh flowers. When we arrived on a Monday night, at 5:00 pm, we were the  first guests to be seated, but by the time we left two hours later, the place was nearly full.Service was wonderful.  Our severs were friendly, knowledgeable of the menu items, prompt, and unobtrusive.  Our server even asked if we'd like to sample the wine we decided on before we committed to order it.Nittaya's has two menus, one for traditional choices of appetizers, salads and entrees, and a tapas menu featuring a vast selection of Thai inspired little dishes. The restaurant also serves a decent selection of wine and beer. My friends and I decided to order several dishes from the Tapas menu and share them.  We ordered the "World Famous Spinach  Salad", bbq ribs with five spice, curry potato puffs,  mango shrimp, beef jerky, pork egg rolls, and crab wontons.  The true winner in all of those selections was the spinach salad which wasn't really a salad.  It was tempura fried spinach leaves served with a tangy sauce that contained cashews and chicken.  It was absolutely delicious and I highly recommend anyone who dines at Nittaya's to try it.  The beef jerky was also good and not like traditional tough dry slices of beef.  The jerky was tender, tangy marinated pieces of  beef with a good amount of heat.  I enjoyed this dish very much, but one of my dining companions thought it had a little too much heat.  The mango shrimp were ok.  They were small size, shelled shrimp wrapped in bacon and served with a creamy mango sauce.  They were good, but would have been better if the shrimp were bigger and the bacon a little less overpowering.  The crab wontons and egg rolls were good but did not stand apart from those sold at chain take-out restaurants.  Two of the dishes we had were disappointing, with the ribs having a nice flavor, but being so tough they required a knife to eat, and even then took a little work to get the meat off the bone, and the curry potato puffs (curry flavored mashed potatoes, shaped into little semi circles, battered and deep fried), being so sweet they bordered on being candy.For dessert we tried the Thai donuts and coconut ice cream.  Both were heavenly.  The donuts were little fried rounds of fluffy light and incredibly delicious dough that was not overly sweet, and were served with a caramel sauce which added  just enough sweetness to make them one of the most delicious donuts I've ever eaten.  I would love it if Nittaya's sold these exceptional little bites by the bag full with a generous dusting of powdered sugar as I would.buy them daily.  The coconut ice cream was served in a pretty little covered pewter bowl.  The  texture was  somewhere between an ice cream and a sorbet, and was so delicious and bursting with coconut flavor that I wished I could have bought a quart to take home.The price for dinner for the three of us, which included several rounds of wine and beer, was $130.  Overall, I liked Nittayas and will return to try other dishes on the menu and to have those incredible donuts and coconut ice cream again.
5	Nittaya's is another one of my staples I have to hit when I'm in Vegas. It really is a secret kitchen - tucked into a small shopping complex in Summerlin, it's a great place for locals to sit down for an intimate Thai dinner. The restaurant is very small, with only 6 or so low tables, a long bar that can probably sit 6 as well, and two high tables. Because of it's size, I highly recommend making a reservation. Their decor is spectacular and they have had many different large paintings on their back wall, I assume they change it out when it's been sold(?). I think it adds a bit of excitement to dining there, that you will typically see some new art. I can't rave enough about how much I love the atmosphere and staff at Nittaya's. It great for a date night, or dining as a family since ever dish is large enough to share.  The food here is phenomenal! I am yet to be disappointed with anything I've ordered. I usually stick to the Pad Thai, Massaman Curry, Potstickers and Rain Forest Fried Rice. The Pad Thai always comes out spicy even though I usually ask for it more mild, so watch out for that if you're not a fan of spice. Other than that, the other dishes are normally served more mild.
5	Items selected:Strawberry Lemon WaterWhitefish Cake - Cucumber and sweet Chili SauceWorld Famous Spinach Salad - Tempura with lime dressing and chickenDuck Breast Curry - Coconut Curry Sauce, Pineapple, Cherry Tomatoes, Thai Basil, PeppersIsland Bread Pudding with Coconut Rum Caramel Sauce and Coconut Ice CreamSharing a city with one of the most highly acclaimed Thai restaurants in the United States cannot be easy but with Lotus of Siam's largely traditional menu routinely garnering hour-plus waits for both lunch and dinner it could also be said that Las Vegas is an ideal locale for something small, intimate, and innovative - a description defined by Chef Nittaya Parawong and her Secret Kitchen.  Featuring a style described as "Thai Tapas" alongside traditional curries and noodles with each dish made by Nittaya herself and served by friendly Taiwanese servers in a modern yet elegant space a meal at Nittaya's Secret Kitchen is a relaxed and refined affair beginning with complimentary flavored water and although the menu featured no less than a dozen items I'd have liked to try, the decision was made to start with a variety of tapas, appetizer, and curry plus dessert - each item prepared to order, ample in portion, and served with impeccable pacing.  Intentionally incorporating fish, vegetable, and meat before progressing to dessert and focusing on the more innovative options both the crispy fish cakes and the tender duck breast would prove delicious and well prepared with light sweetness acting to temper the heat and moving on to the "famous" salad I really have no idea how the chef manages to produce a batter so light and a flavor so vegetal but whatever the method it should be embraced, the dish one of the best things I've eaten at a Thai restaurant and without a doubt the most innovative 'salad' I've had in years.  Moving on to the dessert menu there was never really a question as to what I would order and with tender pineapple pudding rife with coconut milk custard topped off with both ice cream and caramel of the same I really cannot think of a better 'Thai' dessert, traditional or not, nor a better thing ever done with a coconut.
4	Like Shawn H. said, "Nittayas is by far the nicest, classiest...and most expensive Thai food restaurant I've visited!  I'm pretty sure this was the first time I've ever been asked if I had a reservation...for lunch...for Thai food." Except we were there for dinner. As far as I could tell, there was absolutely no reason to require a reservation for a place only 1/4 occupied.Immediately, you'll notice how nice this place is. Paintings on the walls. Nice bar. Wine along the background. Fabric hanging along the glass. It's upscale. It's dimly lit to be romantic and intimate. The prices will go along with this setting.The menu is colossal, we thought. I mean, not Cheesecake Factory colossal, but large enough to require two menus. One of small dishes, one of main dishes. For as classy as the place is, there are some fun word pairings throughout the menu. Anyway. Here's what we had.Spinach salad (?) with a side of a sort of dipping sauce. That's deceptive, because it's really a bowl of a Thai-style chunky "salsa" with a side of battered and deep fried spinach leaves. You use the leaves as a sort of tortilla chips to the "salsa." It is delicious. Think of greasy spinach dipped into the vinegary/fish sauce mixture you'd find on cold Thai noodle salads.Ok, before I proceed, I need to tell you about their spicy scale. It is 1-5. I normally order a 5/10. So, I thought 3/5 is the equivalent. No. This ended up being essentially licking the devil in our next two dishes.Pad Thai. The menu says it is unlike any other you'll have. I don't agree with this. It is not that original. However, it is delicious and the noodles are actually cooked al dente! This is very unusual thing to diverge on, but it's pretty nice, actually. Flavors are strong and chicken is tasty - though I wish there was more.Green curry with salmon. A fresh piece of salmon, cooked to the point of exterior crispiness, bathed in green curry sauce, a couple slices of eggplant and zucchini, with a fanned-out sliced avocado. If it wasn't for the fire in the spiciness level, I think this would have been my favorite dish.In terms of originality, only the fried spinach dish was there. The other two were neither original, nor spectacular. They were good. I think Nittaya's Kitchen toots their own horn a bit too much and sets their bar a bit too high. It set my mind to expect a new experience in salmon and curry, or in Pad Thai. I just didn't. They were delicious, but not revolutionary. This is important to know before you come in and spend 2x the amount of money for a dish you could have of equal quality at Kinnaree on Sahara.You will not come here for the food or the prices. Both will disappoint if you have a very high bar. You will come here for the experience of borderline fine dining with Thai food instead of your typical Italian.
1	A Thai friend and I decided to try this joint out since it received such good reviews.  We went at around 5 pm expecting the dinner crowd but to our surprise there were only 7 people total in this place.  This place is so small that the person sitting the farthest away can hear your conversation.  If you have any form of Claustrophobia, please stay away.  The decor is very dark, but suitable for a wine/beer bar.   This may be considered "hole in the wall", but its nothing close to that description.  Its located at Rampart & Lake Mead which has huge plazas at all four corners and a lot of traffic.The wait staff was 2 young White males who had the attitudes of, "what time is it, and when can I go home?"  But what can u expect from kids who have no idea what customer service is about.  The other was a young Asian female who took our order.  She was very nice, but the language barrier came into play when asking questions.The Food:We had to try this "famous" spinach salad.  Ummm people, its fried battered spinach with a salsa sauce that tastes like the dressing for papaya salad.  Only in 'Merica can we take something healthy and ruin it.  Think of potato chips and dip people, there is no "Salad".  My entree was Green Curry, vegan.  I asked for more veggies since im not eating any expensive animal protein.  That was not the case or (language barrier).  It tasted like plastic and was basically a bowl of bamboo shoots.  There was only 7 little pieces of bell pepper in it.  Why am I paying 15$ for this again?  When I asked the waitress about it, she got very defensive/annoyed, and did not even try to see my point of view.  I also chose brown rice (which is an extra charge) but it was too mushy. (Used too much water cooking it).  My friend's entree was pad-Z-U, vegan, which was just as bad.  Swamped in oil even after asking to use smallest amount of oil.  Very little veggies that had no flavor.  it was also too spicy for her, but then again they never asked.They never asked us how spicy we wanted the dishes...wow seriously?THEY ARE NOT VEGAN FRIENDLY!We did find out Nittaya's Secret though!  Its called charging a fortune for low quality bastardized Thai food...and then retire and laugh at all you suckers!The prices are just silly...I dont mind paying 15$ for green Curry if everything is organic, but for a small bowl of spicy plastic, no thanks.  I just wanna know why am I paying this price?Oh the "Tapas" ripoff idea....yeah so their tapas (very small) portions are the same price as a normal size entree from any other asian foodie place.  There is no reason to pay these prices.WARNING: Although we voiced our concerns to the waitress and we only ate a few bites of each item, they never offered to to remove them from the bill (other than the mushy brown rice) which tells me they are all about the dollar.  They just don't seem to careMost other Thai takeout is way better than this place.  Quality of food, service, and price.
5	Oh yeah gurl, you want to go to there. *Calamari Lemongrass Salad*Spicy Green Bean Pork*Crying Tiger Steak*Spicy Catfish*Green Curry*Eggplant with Thai Basil*Fried BananaI didnt eat all of that myself. I went with 3 other people and my 13 year old daughter. 2 of the guys own a world famous restaurant and they were super impressed as well. We brought a bottle of our own wine and they allowed us to do that and we were glad to pay the nominal corkage fee. We even ordered a bottle(or two? ) from their better than average wine list. The wait staff was amazing. My daughter kept saying, "Hey Josh, could you bring us some lettuce bowls for the pork? Can you bring me some shishito peppers?" He catered to her like the foodie queen that she is. That in itself was impressive. Most waiters approach teenagers with a bit of awkward disdain, glancing at the mother before they feel the child's food request is valid.. Josh was amazing.  They are willing to accomadate almost any request to the best of their ability. Helpful, not hovering. It really is a secret, special place.
5	Such a great place! Small, cozy, and intimate atmosphere. Food is superb! Every dish is so creative and unique from other restaurants. Try the spinach salad or volcano shrimp. They are delicious!
4	Have eaten here several times and everyone I bring absolutely loves it. Admittedly, restaurant is small and sometimes passing between tables is concerning, but staff is very friendly and caring.  Food plated in an absolutely stunning manner, with beautiful use of orchids and leaves.  There are wine and sagria specials available, as well as Happy Hour.  Outdoor seating can be nice during the spring and summer seasons.Eating tapas style is our favorite.  The pace of the meal is excellent and everything is flavorful and tasty.   Go to the restaurant's website to learn more.
2	We've eaten here several times as it is in our neighborhood. However, they have a strange way of turning away business. Every single time we've gone, no matter what the time, we are asked if we have reservations. We do not. We then get a very confused look and told that they are booked - when the place is empty!! I actually laughed one time & they sat us & we enjoyed a full dinner with only two other tables being sat the entire time we were there. Not going back.
5	Very impressive food. A must for any Summerlin visitors craving Thai! KaiSoi was great.
5	Excellent!A hidden gem. After our awesome meal, we had the thai donuts and paired it w the coconut ice cream. It was great!
5	Great food. The spinach salad is great. Price is a little on the high side.
5	Nittaya's is a Beautiful little secret kitchen. Call and make reservation in order to guarantee your seat in this small intimate dining area.....once you do, you will be pleased you did. They serve so many wonderful dishes that you must return to try them. Some of the must haves are the Spinach Salad and Beef Jerky tapas. The tastes are amazing. Move on to the entrees and you will be pleased with the freshness and the tastes that come. Service is great. Atmosphere is unique and sexy. Food is top notch. My favorite Thai!
5	I had the pleasure of dinning at Nittaya's Secret Kitchen last night after hearing great reviews from three other people. I consider myself a foodie and thought the secret is out now. You may want to make reservations. This small and intimate place has limited seating and fills up fast. This is not your ordinary Thai restaurant.  Each plate is a work of art served in a progressive style of unique combination of food to tantalize the taste buds.  I shared several delicious plates, tender Lamb Chops, a tasty and colorful Salmon-Eggplant with Avocado dish, a crunchy and clever Spinach Salad, and a tapas Golden Pouch that looked like a wrapped gift.  Everything was a culinary delight.  By far this is one of my favorite Thai restaurants.
3	I liked this place, but it is TINY as in you have to literally squeeze by the table next to you, to sit down. The Thai food was more Thai fusion, the presentation was beautiful the prices a little high. Is it the most authentic place I have eaten? no. But it is a nice place for date night (don't let the price point fool you). The food was good, but I cant get over how cramped the tables. I think in reality it deserves a 3.5 rating.
2	Food was VERY spicy... usually they will identify what is spicy or not.  Expensive for what you get.  $14 for Fried Rice on lunch menu.  Had ordered a dish and then decided to cancel before dish was served.  Owner insisted I pay for the dish even thou I had not received it yet.  Overall nothing special for the price.   If you don't like Very Spicy Thai, make sure you are careful what you order.
5	why would you want to keep this place a secret???Naittaya is completely amazing. i went with some family has we had a few appetizers then each got our own meal. the fried avocado was amazing. i could have had that and left and been completely happy. but it continued. they also had some bacon wrapped items, OMG, perfection. we also got lettuce wraps which were crisp and tasty. I ended up getting the FOB (fresh of the Boat) rice. it came in a pineapple and had cashew and pineapple piece. it was delicious. my uncle and cousin got some steak that was delicious. we also got some dessert as well, they have a couple choice for ice cream and the green tea was the best in my opinion. i left completely satisfied. hoping to go back very soon.
4	Tried Nittaya's last night on the recommendation of a friend. So GOOD! After reading Yelp reviews, we called ahead to reserve a table for four, which turned out to be a good idea, even on a Monday night. Great service, great food. Fried avocado, beef salad, angel wings, duck breast curry, combo pad thai, coconut ice cream. I look forward to the warmer weather so we can sit outside and sample more delicious dishes!
5	Great service, excellent happy hour, very nice selection of wines, and an extremely unique and inventive menu. Try the Riesling and mango shrimp.
3	I love this restaurant and have been there three times now. The first two times were really pleasant and we had a great experience. So I should certainly rate this with five stars. But last valentines day I reached the restaurant and had very poor service. Not only was the service too slow ( which can be expected on a busy night) but the food was extremely spicy. When we told the staff about our experience they started arguing. It's only when I said fine, we can't eat this just get the check and I'll leave did the staff agree to "add some coconut milk" to make it palatable. Not a fun place to be on a romantic night. And that's why it gets 3 stars.
5	In a city of many fine Asian restaurants, this one is a gem for Thai food.  The food is original and delicious.  Pad noodles, salmon in green curry, lamb chops, appetizers--all good.  Service and ambience are fabulous.  Small intimate dining in a hideaway location.
5	Another 5 star Thai place, in the desert!    This one is a small little place in Summerlin, but its stellar.   Great service, great food, some specialties here that are pretty yummy.   The fried shrimp with peppers is insane.  Pad Thai amazing, they have it down.  The other dishes are just sublime.  Get jiggy with it and check out Nittayas secrets....they are secret, and they work wonders for your thai loving tastebuds....mmmmm   5 star stuff here!
5	This place was cool , cozy, mood lighting was awesome... The food by far was amazing.. AVOCADO FRIES ARE YUMMMMMMMMM AND SECRET DUMPLINGS... The waitress was cool and nice.  The only problem was the couple nxt to us, they were arguing about non-sense and making small scenes (go home and do that) Overall i will def. go again.
5	Ask for Dante Marcy, he's an adult blonde male. He will service you so good and hard you'll be begging for more. We once toured the Italian countryside together sharing wines and cheeses as we sunned ourselves along Tuscan country roads. But what is sweet in life is fleeting and impermanent. Such Is life. He soon grew tired of me in favor of his lover Pablo and I was cast aside like day old scones in Vatican City. Heartbroken as I am I would still request him by name to wait on me and fondle my taste buds into a world of ecstasy so rapturous and sinful even the most hedonic among us would blush. Tip him generously, but as you do whisper the name Juan Pablo.
5	Wonderful food and exceptional service. The spinach salad is a must have! Love the cozy ambiance.
3	I am teetering between a 3 and 4 star review and because of the rocky start to our evening, I am going to have to go with the 3 star for the moment.When we arrived on a Thursday afternoon, around 5:30p, this very cute and intimate restaurant was pretty much empty. However, the host asked if we had a reservation (we didn't), and said that he wouldn't be able to seat us because it was 1/2 priced wine night, and they'd fill up. Um..okay.... (looking around empty restaurant)... Well, can we sit at the bar? Long pause. How about outside? They hesitated, but said they'd set up one of the outside tables. That was a process that took awhile. Because it was a bit breezy outside, we asked if they could set up the outdoor space heater. Another process.  That finally being settled, we sat down at the somewhat shaky table.From that point forward, things went well enough. The sangria is delicious and beautifully presented. We ordered the fried avocado, the veggie potstickers and the mango bacon wrapped shrimp. All of these offerings were very good and again, the presentation was lovely. Service was friendly and pleasant. As the evening progressed, the wind picked up, and even with the space heater, I was downright cold. I asked our server if it was possible to move us inside to finish. We went inside, and while it was busy, there was a small table right by the bar. She said that the reservation wasn't until 7, so we would have plenty of time to complete our meal. So...why weren't we just seated there in the first place?The seating issues did put a bit of a damper on the meal, but I am willing to give Nittaya's another try.
5	My girlfriend and I needed a girl's night out. I had never been here but had read good reviews.  It was a small place with less then 15 tables and a bar area. There is a tapas menu as well as a dinner menu.  We arrived around 4:45pm on a Friday evening- they did ask if we had a reservation (we didn't) but they said they could seat us anyways. They wine menu is not large, but some well chosen bottles. They started us with a strawberry cucumber water- very unexpected and refreshing drink.  We ordered a bottle of wine and some tapas plates to try different things since everything sounded good. We ended up with the garlic edamame, secret dumplings, Phuket poppers and steak skewers.  The garlic edamame were phenomenal.  I foresee ordering these for takeout often!!  The steak was good- nothing to write home about and the dumplings and poppers were delicious.  The portions were good size for tapas, but we still decided we wanted something a little more. We ordered the Pad Z U (pad see eww) from the dinner menu. It was delicious as well.  The edamame was reason alone to come back, but the dishes that others ordered look delicious as well.  Thrilled to have found this hidden gem of a restaurant and look forward to my next visit!!
5	Epic!!! Tapas are incredible! I love them all! Spinach Salad is a must order. I think the Massaman Curry is the best Curry I have ever had. Also love the Green Steak Curry Avocado!Everything is Incredible! I would fly from Roseville just to go to this restaurant. Best Ever!
5	Great service, awesome value lunch menu for 11 dollars with salad, potsticker and entree, red curry beyond amazing!  The best Thai in Las Vegas!
5	This place was perfect in every way.  The service was the best service I've received in a long time. The  fried spinach salad is a must!  It is a smaller restaurant but I really liked that about this place. I'm sure on a busy night it's a wait to be seated but I don't mind..  I'll be eating here a lot more!
2	Food is delicious as always but waited one hour 23 minutes to get our food. When we inquired at an hour and fifteen they said the chef said it's coming. Acted like it was no big deal. An off-hand apology that wasn't convincing. For the price wen paid for dinner I expect more! Very disappointed tonight. Can't decide if it's worth coming back.
4	Visited for dinner on a Thurs night. We chose to sit outside, as the weather was nice. The restaurant is very small, but I didn't feel that the tables were too crowded. We ended up ordering about 8 different tapas, and they were all delicious! The one standout was the tempura spinach. I didn't even know there was such a thing! It was light, crunchy, delicious, and worked really well. I will be back.
5	Surprisingly very good food in a casual but almost upscale atmosphere. The food was plated nicely and brought out super hot (temperature), which I really appreciate.  I'm giving it 5 stars because the extra service I got. I forgot my credit card and called from the airport on the way back home to CA. They agreed to put it in the mail for me the next morning, which saves me the hassle of requesting a new corporate credit card. Thank you!
4	Very good Thai food, thought I didn't think it was amazing, it was still really good. the Atmosphere is all really nice and cozy. I would definitely go back.
3	Not bad, but other nearby places offer better bang for the buck. Ugh- and the skinny white chair was extremely uncomfortable- not ideal for dining out. The seat of the chair had no padding and was too thin. A rethink of the chairs are a must and should be made an immediate priority.
5	Best secret in town!!! I almost don't want to let anybody about it. Make sure you make reservation, small place but the best thai I have ever had( even better then Thailand).My favorite are the papaya salad, green curry salmon and the doughnuts desert!
5	We decided to get the heck off of the strip for our last evening meal.  Best decision ever made.We found Nittaya's based on decent Yelp reviews, hubby's choice, and he hit it out of the ball park again. (so far, all of his out-of-town Yelp food picks have been winners so I suppose I'll keep him around!)Bulletted thoughts:-Super tiny space, fills up fast, definitely make reservations even if they are last minute.  We did and got two seats at the bar (we're not picky, we're there for the food!)-Great service, even sitting at the barWe Chose Tapas Plates All Around:-Avocado fries---Yes-Spinach Salad---Hell Yes-Beef Jerky---super salty/umami chewy chunks of beef--do it for something different-Mango Shrimp--Yes-Coconut Sticky Rice Dessert had some of the freshest, softest most wonderful mango I've ever put in my mouth.  (Probably because I live in Buffalo NY and the only mangoes we ever see are hard-as-a-rock, funky, nasty, bitter things.) Hell-to-the-yes!!!-A must-eat if you're into Thai.  We will recommend this to anyone traveling to LV who wants a taste of life outside of the strip (read: much more reasonably priced food done by someone whose not a rock-star celebrity chef who likely has no idea what's going on in their corporate kitchen)
4	I found myself in Nittaya's the other day after asking Siri for Thai nearby me.  I have lived in this area for almost 8 years, and I am embarrassed to say I have never stopped by.  I stopped in and placed an order for take out, but was immediately taken back by the very intimate and sophisticated interior decor.  I know Thai, and this was much more White Orchid. Very classy, very inmate.  For sure, there were still classic Thai accouterments adoring the walls, but it was not overdone.  I really wish I could rate the wine bar, because it looked above-average, and who doesn't want to rate a wine bar? I can rate two things: a few of the dishes and the service I received. I ordered Curry in Young Coconut, Basil Beef, and Tofu Pad Thai (always have to try the Pad).  The Basil Beef was excellent (similar preparation to Mint Beef), sweet and savory.  The Pad Thai was also excellent.  Not overdone, not too sauced, and the waitress asked if the included egg was OK - as a Tofu dish, I could see how egg may put some people off and this was a nice touch.   The Curry Coconut?  Oh my.  It was the perfect dish. Amazing curry spice sauce, mussels, clams, scallops, and whitefish all roasted inside a coconut.  My son hasn't stopped talking about it for two days.  This is a definite must-do.The service was very polite and professional and did not lack.  I can't wait to go back after finding this gem for a proper sit-in dinner.  Maybe I will get  to review the wine bar, too.  For the sake of review only, of course.I'm holding off on 5 (or 3) stars until I get a full sit-in experience.
5	This is a hidden gem. By far the best thai food ive ever had. Cant go wrong with anything starting from appatezier to dessert
4	Outstanding food, and my man Bank is an excellent server.  The chili lime squid is superb. Love this place.
5	I'm so obsessed with papaya salad and had not found one to die for since I was in highschool in Oregon. I've been in Vegas two years now and just came across this place. I was happy to see they had the papaya salad on the menu (as many Thai places if been to don't) so I ordered it with sticky rice. You have to eat the salad with sticky rice, with your fingers....it's the only way in my opinion. Do it. It was perfect! The perfect amount of peanuts and spice. In love- so happy. I ordered the pad Thai, because---u just have to. And it was great- although I could only eat a few bites. Too stuffed from the salad. I am looking forward the trying the mango/coconut dessert and some curry dishes. When I first started eating Thai food those were the best...all I ever ate. So thankful to have found an authentic Thai place to eat. Ps- I just ordered take-out. The staff was super nice and it was ready right when I got there.
5	This is hands down the BEST Thai restaurant in town! The firecracker shrimp & spinach salad are amazing !!
5	Just got a take-out order from here, was recommended by a friend and definitely realize why, besides loving every dish We tasted, when we got home the pad Thai was missing from our order so we called them up, apparently they didn't have that we ordered it....  So they delivered the dish to our house, free of charge!   We kinda expected to pay for the dish and was just happy they were delivering it, so that was a pleasant surprise....   Not just going out of their way to make customers happy, but this food is awesome, try it if your nearby
5	Had the take out for dinner tonight. Everything was delicious! We got the chicken potstickers, the chicken pad Thai, basil chicken and steak! Everything was great and the portions were larger than I expected. We had plenty of food leftover to enjoy tomorrow. I haven't experienced dining inside, but it's pretty small and intimate inside. Will definitely be back again.
4	The restaurant is small and intimate.  The service we had was excellent. Very attentive but not to the point where we felt they were interrupting us.  The food was fresh, hot and very tasty.the Tapas selection is great and Curry dishes are delish.  Great wine selection.  The first time I've been to a Thai place. Very enjoyable time. Looking forward to a return visit
5	The food here is AMAZING.  Haven't tried anything on the menu I didn't love.Tiny but very pretty restaurant so I recommend getting a reservation.  But this place is all about the food.  Love, love, love, I go anytime possible.And everyone must try the Spinach Salad.  It's not a salad - it's too much deliciousness to be a salad.
5	Anyone who doesn't give them 5 stars is out of their mind. Seriously. This place rules. I am there at least once a week for lunch meetings and they consistently execute at a high level on every dish. My go-to is Red Chicken Curry. The sauce is so delicious and combined with the perfectly cooked rice makes quite a tasty bite. The chicken pad Thai is also the best I've ever had. Even if you're not into Thai, try them out.
4	The food was very tasty and I was happy to find that when they advertised that the food was going to be a spicy it actually was! I ordered the spinach tempura salad as an appetizer which was wonderful, the dipping sauce was flavorful and sweet. As an entree I ordered the kao soi which was absolutely delicious! The pork shoulder was tender and flavorful and the curry was spicy and plentiful! My only complaint was flat is seemed that everything we ordered had some ingredient that was deep fried.
3	The Thai food here was nothing special and I expected more for the inflated prices. I stuck with the two dishes I normally order when first trying out a Thai restaurant which is pad Thai and yellow curry. The pad Thai was solid but like most Thai restaurants the chicken was chewy and dry. I wanted a yellow curry but did not see it listed on the menu so I asked the gentleman serving us. He said the yellow curry is the Massaman curry. I have been to ample Thai restaurants and have never had a Massaman curry that is yellow in color. Another thing I did not understand is why brown rice substituted for white rice that comes with an entree is the same price as a side of brown rice. This policy does not make sense and the quality and taste of the food I have tried does not warrant the high prices.
3	Almost everything we got was great!  The dough on the Curry Dumplings was just a bit to heavy and seemed to suck in all the oil.  They were kind of thick and the presentation was a bit odd with them served on a very skinny dish all in a row.  Maybe a different serving presentation, dough and a sauce of some sort would help.  The seared tuna tapas was wonderful and dinner of skirt steak avocado curry and garlic saffron rice was amazing!  The place is a bit small for the type of seating they use so when its crowded you really have to plan your exit.  Would I go back?  Yes, there are many more items i can't wait to try!
5	I've been to many Thai places in Vegas and this is by far the best. From appetizers to main course and desserts all have been exceptional. Clean and classy as well as more seating room then traditional Thai restaurants. Great wine and bottle specials. Plum wine is inexpensive and sweet great starter drink. And their infused water is so very refreshing on these hot vegas days! Nothing bad to say five stars all the way!!
4	Food was very tasty. Large portions . Great value . Loved the decor . Small but VERY charming . Service was good until the end. We waited a long time for our check.
4	Oh my goodness... So enjoyed everything on this little Thai gem, place is small but very nicely decorated,   Food was amazing I had spinach salad and steak avocado curry for lunch and it's delicious!
5	Wow what a treat! A friend recommended I try this place and I'm glad I did. I ordered the seafood medley but in Penang curry. The dish was beautiful with the clams, mussels, shrimp, fish etc. spice was good. I prefer so hot that it makes me cry. Not quite that but just right to taste it without over powering the other flavors. Friendly staff, great atmosphere, wonderful food. What else would you want.
5	Excellent food and service, amazing place! Try the Spinach Salad, pad thai and Kai soi.
5	Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Thanks Yelp! Just searched and saw amazing reviews and took a leap of faith & found a gem! An overall great experience from the moment we arrived. First off, this place is a very small restaurant. When we walked in they asked if we made reservations. Of course we didn't because we were first timers. But luckily there was seating outside and Mother Nature was being kind that day. Someone automatically brought out our Lemon & Cucumber infused water. Fancy? The best water I ever had in a restaurant. Did NOT taste like tap water like most restaurants. I pay attention to the waters! I can't stand when waters taste like unfiltered tap water. Our waitress, Devynn, was amazing. She gave us great suggestions on what to order. World Famous Spinach Salad $11- this is a tempura spinach salad with a lime dressing that has ground chicken, onion, cashews, and carrots. This is probably the most unique dish I have ever ate in my life. You can either toss the salad with the dressing OR eat it like chips and salsa. We went with the chips and salsa method so we didn't drown the spinach tempura. It is a MUST GET. They are famous for this! I ordered it and the beau finished it! Lol that's how delicious it was. Beef Jerky $8- bomb! It actually wasn't too jerky if that makes sense. You were able to chew it and not struggle. It came with a roasted chili sauce that added the right kick. Shrimp puffs $8- they were like wontons that had shrimp, cream cheese & curry mixed inside. This was probably my least favorite in the meal we ordered BUT still had a good taste to it. I honestly could not taste the shrimp.. Chicken Pad Thai $16- BEST PAD THAI in town, hands down. They have really good spices so we ordered it as a level 2 and oh wow it was amazing. Spicy but not too spicy. It was a large portion which was appreciated. The noodles were cooked perfect. Everything about this dish was perfect. The presentation of the dishes were beautiful too. They added an Orchid to each plate. How did they know that Orchids were my favorite!?Highly recommend this place if you are in the summerlin area!
5	Thai is one of my favorite cuisines, this place did not disappoint. I'm not familiar with this area of town, and I had no idea Rampart was closed down to one lane, I had a 5pm reservation and I ended up being 45 minutes late and they were kind enough to still hold our table, I have an obsession with time, and I'm never late, being 45 minutes late to a reservation just about threw me over the edge. They were very understanding.Onto the review. We started out with a pitcher of red sangria, not the best I've had, lacking some flavor, but the presentation was beautiful, topped with an orchid in each glass. There were so many appetizers that I felt compelled to try, but I settled on the Koh Samui Shrimp, only because I've been to Koh Samui, quite honestly that was the only reason, coconut shrimp usually doesn't do it for me, but this was actaully really good, I liked the dipping sauce. For my entree I ordered the young Coconut Curry, which was served inside a hollowed out coconut and served with the most amazng rice I think I've had. It was so light and fluffy, 5 stars alone just for the rice. My friend enjoyed her Tofu Pad Thai. For dessert, or as it's listed on the website, happy endings, we shared the Ginger/Lemongrass Creme Brulee, I'm a sucker for anything ginger and/or lemongrass, the flavors really came through. Yes you will pay a little more for the dishes here, you're not eating at Thai Food To-Go.
1	Unfortunately my family and I didn't get a chance to try the food. So I can only speak on the service we received from a hostess over the phone. We called to make reservations the hostess initially said no problem but after she found out we were bringing our 1yo daughter she then said that the wait would be really long and that they didn't have high chairs for children!!! (I guess they discriminate on children)Then quickly got off the phone. I will never eat at this place. If you have a family save your money and go to DW bistro where the food and service is always top notch!!!!
5	Joy and Josh were amazing! The spinach tapas was a fabulous starter.  The lunch specials... Drunken noodle, chicken pad tai and basil chicken were all delish... Our team celebration was a huge success at our new find.  Thank you Yelp for leading us to our new yummy restaurant.
5	BEST. THAI. FOOD. IN. VEGAS! I've been to soooo many and am a tough critic with thai. I crave their fried spinach salad often and their curries are great, the drunken noodles are my FAVORITE!! Wish it were closer to my house, open more locations!
4	If you are looking for an intimate setting for a  date night with your significant over or just a fun girls night out on Thursdays for half price wine night and LOVE Thai food, this is the place. I've heard nothing but fabulous reviews about this little restaurant, and Nittayas did not disappoint. They offer an array of tapas and thai entrees. The Ahi tuna was fresh and melt in your mouth delicious. The soft shell crab and green apple salad was refreshing and a new dish for me, but I loved it. I also had to try the fried avocado which left me wanting more with its creamy, crunchy texture. By the tune my spicy basil eggplant entree came out I was stuffed and only able to eat a few incredible bites before throwing in the towel. I cannot wait to go back to this little gem. Oh and did I mention their staff is delightful?!
5	Absolutely loved everything!!! There was not one dish that we got that was not delicious. And, the Secret Sangria was excellent, and obviously a favorite because I had four. Definitely a MUST if you're looking for an out-of-the-way spot, with an intimate setting. Perfect for a date. It was date night with my husband, and Nittaya's was totally his idea. I was so pleased with his selection.
2	The service was exceptional. The food was okay, nothing special. It is pricey.Good decor and ambiance.We had the lunch specials which came with a vegetarian dumpling and small salad with house dressing. Both were good.Our Lunch Specials:Drunken Noodle, chicken: GoodPineapple fried rice, chicken: GoodCashew Chicken: Below average
4	My only regret here is that i wasn't able to try more of the menu. My personal favorite is the fried avocado wedges. Theres also a great wine menu too. All in all a good place to take friends or someone special.
3	I came to Nittaya's for a quick meal on a Friday night. We chose to sit outside on the patio & it was like out of sight out of mind because the service was painfully slow!  After 20 minutes I went inside to complain & it took another 10 minutes after that to be served! The inside was not even full & the service was so slow. The food was good but the service was so lacking I doubt I will be back!
4	This charming restaurant has a nice ambiance and serves tasty meals. We were drawn to it, because it uses organic products.  After a day of hiking, we decided to give it a try.  Upon entering the restaurant, we felt our clothing was a bit too casual since most existing customers were dressed in business casual attire.  Nonetheless, we were greeted and received above average service. We did not have a reservation; however, due to the size of the restaurant, I would recommend making one.  The shrimp pad Thai was phenomenal!  It was the best I've ever eaten.  My husband raved about the eggplant curry, and our friend thought the basil chicken and crab fried rice were awesome.  The only reason I can't rate the restaurant as five stars is I asked the waitress to omit the egg in the shrimp pad Thai, but the meal was served with egg. Outside of that, the restaurant has great ambiance, clean restrooms and delicious food.  We have found out new favorite Thai restaurant in Vegas.  We WILL eat there again and again and again.
5	This is a real-time review. Upon entering we were greeted with a warm and friendly welcome by Josh! The decor in this place is really cute. It's a little small inside but that's no ones fault. This place definitely makes you forget you're in Vegas!We had the Ribs, Lemongrass Soup, World Famous Spinach Salad, and the Citrus Steal Salad. All were fantastic and definitely large portions for just being Tapas! Worth every $. One of the best steak salads I've had in a while.
4	Quiet, small, intimate restaurant. Dishes were yummy, not disappointed.  They have a lunch special which is more than enough, but we wanted to try out other dishes, so I'm over stuffed.
3	The food quality was good, not excellent. We did order pick up, I'm sure the ambiance of the place was great. Since we only ordered 2 entrees and it was $50+ Too expensive and not enough food.
5	Fantastic place!Small, intimate dining, with a nice bar.Incredible food, with complex intertwined flavors and world class presentation. The service was quick, but un-rushed. Very attentive.  No bum's rush with the check when we were finished.Simply the best Thai food in the Las Vegas valley
2	Have I written about how expensive they are?  If not, you can go to any other Thai place in the valley and get double of what you will get here.  Check your Ferrari at the door.
5	Just all around awesome. My friends and my favorite spot. Hidden and hopefully not everyone finds out about it. Will definitely keep it our secret.
