4	Hmmm, I feel obligated to give this place four stars because the food and the ambiance were so incredible.... but there were several detractors from the experience. The restaurant is immaculately designed, with 2 gigantic sliding glass windows that face the famous waterfall.  The whole place has a light, airy feel to it.  The wait and bar staff are attentive and efficient and they are eager to please (they should be for what they charge!).  The sake list is a little disappointing--the selection is not nearly as fabulous as what Shibuya (down the Strip at the MGM Grand) has to offer, however, we were able to make some good selections for our table.  And now... for the food!  The fish was so fresh, it tasted like it has been flown in from Japan that morning!  It was incredible.  On our table for the night:  salmon, fatty tuna, spanish mackerel, seared scallops, oysters, warm eggplant salad, a few specialty rolls, mushroom soup, and cucumber and seaweed salad.  Not a single bite of it was disappointing.  And, for dessert, I would highly recommend the Kambocha Pumpkin--it was fluffy and moist without being cloying and perfect to share.  The other detractors (besides the measly sake list)?  They were:  how long it took to get seated (we had a reservation for 7 at 9:30pm and were not seated until 10:30!!!!).  Call me picky or whatever, but I think if you decide you are going to spend a ton of money on a restaurant (a little over $100/ head), you'd better be seated promptly--I don't care how "Vegas" the place is.   Oh, and the alarmingly expensive soju cocktails.  I imbibed on a delightful watermelon juice and soju cocktail that was a pleasant shade of pink and nearly choked on it when i discovered it was $16!!!  I almost leaned over the bar and told our kind, large-breasted bartender that Soju is not a liquor for rich people--it's a liquor made for and by poverty stricken Asians who want to get their drink on!
5	Insanely good. Had the following meal which was absolutely stupendous; Ceviche trio (Fluke w/ citrus vinaigrette, Kampachi w/ sweet soy and Amaebi w/ ginger soy), The Okada roll (Maine lobster, asparagus, avacado, wasabi cream and eel sauce), Foie Gras and Eel with a leek, miso mustard on a daikon with cripsy parsnips, and finally peekytoe crab potstickers w/ spring vegetables and flash fried gulp shrimp with garlic mayo.One of the best meals I've ever had in my entire life, hands down.
3	good but not spectacular. considering my friends and i splashed out well over a c-note per person i was hoping for a bit more. the fish was fresh but wasn't any better than a decent LA sushi restaurant. i suppose a greater portion of our bill went towards decorating the joint, which is very nice in that trying-too-hard vegas style. minus one star for screwing with my order. i asked to have my noodles brought to me AFTER my sushi. when the noodles came before my fish i got the feeling that the staff may be trained about the menu but are largely ignorant of the finer parts of japanese cuisine.
3	The night started with the hostess not having our reservations on file and then not being very apologetic about it.   Since we were staying at the Wynn she finally agreed to accommodate us.  Okada has an enormous sake list and the server was pretty knowledgeable about them.  However, we waited almost half an hour for our bottle to show up.  Another 15 minutes go by and finally the last people at our shared table show up.  After waiting close to 45 minutes, we were finally served our first morsels of food: the shrimp appetizer and miso soup included in the meal.  Both were pretty mediocre.  About an hour after being seated, the chef finally shows up and starts cooking.  I had the sirloin but tried my friends' shrimp and lobster entrees as well.  All of the entrees were well prepared and the portions were good sized.  However, there was very little of the usual interaction between the chef and customers.  No shrimp tails being throw in a hat, etc... but I guess this is a classier joint.    We almost skipped dessert so that we could make it to Tryst on time, but miraculously the the included custard showed up quickly.  With a good bottle of sake, we spent over $100 per head.  While the entrees were satisfactory, everything else was pretty mediocre and the service was incredibly slow.  I would not recommend this restaurant when there are so many better dining options in Vegas.
3	Okada hosts a combination of a sushi bar; a robatayaki, or Japanese charcoal grill; the main dining room; and the teppanyaki room with four teppanyaki stations.The sushi and sashimi dishes were good quality but not any better than the average "pretty good" places in the Bay Area for a quarter of the cost.  Flavor seemed to be missing, which shouldn't happen at a restaurant of this caliber.  We also tried a couple cooked items from the robata grill menu, and the beef shabu-shabu spring roll with sweet chili sauce, wasabi mayonnaise and peanuts.  Okay flavor + very small portions = overpriced.  I give Okada an extra star for the visually stunning interior with ample wood, glass and stone, and the view of its famous waterfall.
5	I really like this restaurant.  Great food and a nice atmosphere.  You can sit at the sushi bar but it is better to sit in the dining area where you get a great view of the waterfall outside.  All of the sushi dishes have been fantastic.  Everything is in served in small portions so it is good to order several different things to try.  It isn't the kind of place that will stuff you full of food.  I love love love the seabass robotayaki.  Delicious!  The main courses and salads have all been great too.  My sister loves the rasberry white chocolate puffs for dessert.  I have been 3 times and have always been pleased with their food and service.
4	i like okada. and i'm sorta picky about what makes good sushi. the sushi was great...fresh..and prepared with the touch of a true japanese sushi chef (they are all from japan). i had the chef's deluxe nigiri special (10 pieces for about $45) and wasn't disapointed. the mushroom salad, as well as the eggplant salad were delicious as well. prices are average for a 'nice' japanese restaurant - and certainly reasonable for vegas. oh and the ambiance is pretty tame - while the place itself is very mod and clean. next time, i'm asking for a seat facing the gorgeous waterfall outside!
4	I've frequented this nicely appointed restaurant inside the Wynn twice this year and both times have come away from it satisified and definitely full.  The first thing I noticed when walking in were the hosts.  Nothing less than model-good looks will get you hired there as a hostess, not to mention, there are usually three of them to greet you.  Diversity seems to be important to them also, as there was a UN type group of white, Asian, and black hostesses.After being seated for the Teppanyaki style dinner, we started off with very smooth sake in one of the coolest design carafes I've seen (the ice fits into the outside of the carafe).  We followed that with Toro Oh (fatty tuna), which was reasonably priced at $24 for 3 pieces.  Depending on which chef you get that night, they may do some tricks with the onions (onion volcano) or egg (a la Tiger Woods golf trick commercial).  The food is served hot and cooked right in front of you, ready to eat.  We had the NY sirloin, which was very tender and flavorful, and my cousin had the sea bass (which I wouldn't recommend when going to a Teppanyaki style restaurant).  If you can afford the Kobe beef ($85), go for it.  Overall good meal with great ambiance.  I do have one warning, you and your clothes will smell of smoky, cooked food, even after you leave the restaurant.
5	Okada's is the best sushi in LV.  The kumamoto oysters are so delicious and the tar tar tacos are to die for. Every time I go to LV,I will go to Wynn for Okadas.  Just remember to make a reservation, and wear pants.  Don't wear sandals or shorts because they won't let you in.  The fish is so fresh and the hamachi sashimi melts in your mouth and is so rich and buttery in flavor.  I love Okada's!!!
4	Okada has what I like to expect from a pricey restaurant: top notch service, creative items on the menu, and carefully detailed ambience.  My date and I found it to be a nice break from the hectic scene in Vegas, and had a full meal there right before we departed on our long flight back to Ann Arbor.We enjoyed light, refreshing, small portions, with all the accoutrements done perfectly, like the lemon soaked ginger.  Service was also impeccable, captured by the small soy sauce spot that the waiter carefully cleaned off the glass table before me and my OCD partner could do it ourselves.
4	they have reallyreally good umeshu.  i have no idea how much it was but it was so rich and sweet and mmmm.  good cooked plates, pretty good sushi chefs.  id definitely recommend sitting at the bar.  they also have very good teppenyaki.  they serve kobe beef teppanyaki.  awesome.  i like the atmosphere.  but not the beeest japanese ive had.
4	A nice japanese dining experience.  Ambiance pleasurable.   Miso cod was nice, fish was fresh.  Carafes of sake are a nice offering, and it comes in a very cool glass carafe.  The chef even came by our table to say hello (which apparently is rare).   It was good overall, although didnt blow me away.  A good alternative if you're staying at the Wynn and have already been to Daniel Boulud and SW.
2	The food wasn't great but the chilled sake was awesome.  Why wouldn't it be?  My mom and I downed a few too many bottles of sake so we ended up napping during most of the O show.  Very unfortunate.  Maybe wew ill have dinner after the show next time.
4	Big fan of this place...best sushi I had in a long while.  The sommelier Sabrina was awesome and very helpful.  Definitely want to come back.
5	Holy crap...I'm only going to talk about one dish we had here (and I know this doesn't have much to do with Japanese food), because it totally trumped everything else we ordered. I'm talkin' bout the dessert. Imagine a scoop of vanilla ice cream covered in a hard dark chocolate egg-like shell. You can't see the ice cream, but you know its in there. Now imagine a waitress pouring hot melted fudge over the dark chocolate shell, slowly melting away the exterior to reveal the creamy vanilla ice cream inside. Does this sound like something you'd be interested in?
5	I fell in love with Okada the first time I ate there, and have returned about a dozen times. It has the best sushi bar in town, and the other food I've tried has also been good. It's a beautiful restaurant, and a great place to relax. During good weather, massive doors slide open, exposing an entire side of the restaurant to a three tiered waterfall and its lake. The atmosphere at the sushi bar is cheerful.Sushi chefs can either make or break a sushi bar. They're a major asset at Okada. Make sure to talk to your chef, ask questions, and show you're interested. I've learned a lot this way, and have been offered some tidbits not on the menu.** SUSHI **Sushi fans will head straight to the sushi bar. The sushi here is the best in Las Vegas. Quite a variety is available. It doesn't hurt to ask for something if it's not on the menu. Here are some of the more memorable items (sushi unless otherwise stated):* o-toro (very fatty tuna belly). The best is marbled with fat, and very rich in flavor. It's best as sashimi. It's excellent here.* uni (sea urchin). Very firm, with an almost nut like flavor. If you're ever going to try it, try it here; uni is one of those things that can be pretty bad unless it's perfectly fresh and of top quality.* hamachi (yellowtail). This is a pretty common item at sushi bars, and is usually pretty good. At Wynn it's usually even better. Sometimes you'll get a much richer, fattier version (the yellowtail equivalent of o-toro) that is absolutely delicious as sashimi.* unagi (barbecued eel). If you've never tried it, order it here! It actually takes a little bit of care to prepare unagi. Okada does it right.* saba (mackerel). Not everyone will like this one, but I like it a lot. It's oily and has a strong flavor. Excellent as sashimi if you relish the strong taste.* ama ebi (sweet shrimp). This type is served raw. This is yet another item I wouldn't order anywhere but a top notch place, where I am confident of the freshness. At Okada, the shrimp have an excellent fresh flavor, with no hint of sliminess. Sadly, they do not serve the shrimp heads as tempura.* Okada roll. Hit the jackpot? Then order this roll. Made with lots of lobster, avocado, and asparagus, and served with sweet sauce and another sauce that might have been wasabi mayonnaise. Additional lobster meat was placed on the dish, sprinkled with some sort of strong pepper, then quickly seared with a torch. Delicious. Expensive but worth it.* ankimo (steamed monkfish liver). This isn't on the menu, and isn't even sushi, but it's worth asking for. It's kind of like a pate, and is served cold in thick circular slices, usually with a sweet vinegary sauce.* other good stuff: tai, served with salt and lemon; mirugai (giant clam); shima-aji; hotate (scallop), gently seared; kanpachi (leaner variety of yellowtail); bluefin tuna (redder and richer than maguro).** TASTING MENU **The tasting menu provides an excellent introduction to some of the different kinds of food offered by Okada. I don't know if the menu changes over time. When I was there, I had:* Carpaccio of Hokaido Scallop with Preserved Plum Vinaigrette. Four medium thin slices of sea scallop. Very sweet and fresh, mild flavor.* Seared Langoustine and Matsutake Mushroom and Kaboche Squash. The langoustine was like a shrimp, but sweeter, and slightly less chewy. The mushroom pieces were meaty but not chewy. The squash was starchy but also slightly sweet.* Sushi - Maguro (tuna) and ??? (fluke)?. Not bad, but nothing special.* Robatayaki - Lamb Chop, Asparagus Wrapped in Bacon, Shishito Peppers. Robatayaki is a grilling process. The asparagus in bacon was delicious. The peppers were interesting, starting out mild but finishing with a spicy kick. The lamb chop was to die for - juicy, crisp, with a strong grilled flavor.* Roasted Beef Sirloin and Hudson Valley Foie Gras, with Roasted Fingerling Potato, Young Spinach, and Aromatic Sauce (Kobe beef was available for $30 extra; I passed). The foie gras was crisp on the outside, meltingly rich on the inside; I loved it. The sirloin, served rare, was chewy, but the balsamic vinegar reduction gave it very good flavor.* Yuzu Scented Panna Cotta with Passion Fruit Sorbet. The coconut panna cotta was heavenly. It reminded me of the perfect haupia I once had at a hole in the wall diner in Hawaii, but this was even better. The sorbet was very good.* Caramel-Chocolate Cake (Kabocha Mousse, Caramel Gelee, Roasted Pineapple). A small portion, but wonderful. Super dense layer of caramel, and another dense layer of chocolate. A few peanuts were on top, as well as some sort of ice cream. A great dessert.Overall, this was one of the better tasting menus I had in Las Vegas. It's well worth the money.UPDATE Oct 2007: The hamachi kama (grilled yellowtail collar), robayaki style, is excellent here. Highly recommended.
5	I came here with a group of 7 for my birthday last weekend. The atmosphere is very chique, and the waterfall with glass walls is amazing. We were seated right next to the waterfall and koi pond which made the dinner even more perfect. Our waiter was knowledgeable, honest, and personable. We had the sea bass, salmon sushi, salad (best salad ever), and for dessert had the banana ice cream thing? Anyways, everything was perfect except the sea bass was a small~ which is normal when you go to any pricy restaruant. Also try the blueberry infused cocktail- ITS DELICIOUS but expensive at $14. I would definetely come back here again, but only when my pockets are full with money.
4	Okay, I am a huge Japanophile. I've pored over manga, watched Japanese movies, did the love stone walk and fed the crazy deer in Nara.Naturally, I'm a huge fan of the cuisine as well. I've tried all sorts of regional cuisine - from sasamushi from the Masumoto region,  the chestnut dishes in Obuse, and the awamori of Okinawa, I've loved every lusicous bite (with the exception of natto - sorry Hokkaido... there are things that even I cannot stomach).Needless to say, since going on a 6 week tour of Japan, I've been picky about sushi joints. So when my bf wanted to go to Okada, I was a little skeptical about how good it would be.First of all, we'd called ahead for reservations and let them know it was for a birthday celebration so they did seat us close to the beautiful waterfall with it's large koi swimming in the pond. We asked for the omakase - a chef's tasting menu - which we later realised was just highlights of the current menu which is why our server was unable to tell us how much it would cost.  It is not set (meaning you will not see a list of things on the tasting menu) - so you're kind of at the chef's mercy. If you are picky about what you will or will not eat, I would highly recommend you let your server know exactly what shouldn't ever touch your lips.The drinks - yeah, a little over the top at $14 for a cocktail. Unfortunatelly I was spoiled by my Japan trip, enough so that the only alcoholic drink I've ever enjoyed has been a grapefruit sour - freshly squeezed Japanese grapefruit with shochu. Unfortunately they were out the night I was there, but my bf's litchi cocktail was very delicious.The selection of various sashimi/sushi/robata/cooked dishes were excellent. The tasting menu did not include o-toro (the finest fattiest tuna - the fat content is so high, it almost looks like uncooked pork) which was a bit of a disappointment. The slices of sashimi were a little on the skimpy side as well. Other than that the fish was very fresh and cut very well. The sushi was made well - perfectly artistic mounds - squeezed just right (not too tight, not too loose). The Okada roll is quite delectable as well as the sauce.The cooked dishes were the most impressive and reminded me exactly like the izakaya back in Tokyo. The black cod with miso - a classic preparation - but delicious nonetheless.Dessert - because it was my bf's birthday - they gave us a gift of a a millefeuille with three squares of ice cream on top - the most impressive was the banana ice cream - absolutely delectable. The other two, vanilla and chocolate were a bit ho-hum. The freshly fried donuts served with blueberry sauce and ice cream is totally American. I was hoping for something like yuzu panna cotta which has a little more Japanese flavor but hey! we were at the chef's hands.Overall, for two people with one cocktail and two green teas to accompany dessert - the pricetag was $260. Not too unreasonable given the quality.Okay so here's why Okada loses one star. One - the omakase, the guests should have some inkling of what's coming as well as the pricetag. Two - our food arrived at the table and we were told what the dish was - then our waiter came and reiterated the same thing. It was a little over kill. Three - there wasn't enough signature dishes (at least from the omakase) representing this place to say that this is haute Japanese cuisine.Overall, a good solid Japanese restaurant however, I would say not the best.
2	2.5The service blew ass chunks.  This became a trend at all of Wynn's restaurants during our stay.Go to Nobu and save yourself the trouble.  Better food, better service.
3	Hmm, was not impressed.  The sushi was fair, the tuna sashimi nothing to write home about and the sake did not blow us away. Japonais was much better and had more selections. I love the Wynn, however, this experience was not the best. I will add that the chefs just recently changed so maybe this is why I did not like it so much?
5	Great atmosphere and service. The food was excellent. Started with the cucumber salad. Great way to start, the seaweed that came with it was awesome. Had the sushi platter next. The spicy tuna is the best I've ever had by far. Salmon was also great, everything was refreshing and crisp. The miso black cod was absolutely great as well. Had one of the sakes, can't remember which one but was great. As the 5 star rating says, to me it was the best japanese I've had.
4	Fortunately we had a great view of the waterfalls :o) Hurrah!Our server was a little on the bland side although he looked like a rocker. It seemed to me that he forced himself to memorize the specials and the descriptions of the food on the menu because he delivered with no emotion at all.  I seriously felt like I was back at college listening to one of the monotonous professors lecturing his boring little heart away.Anyhoo, the kobe beef salad was unlike anything I've ever tasted.  The kobe beef had a slightly sweet taste to it that kind of reminded me of bonfire roasted toasted marshmallows. And it practically melted in my mouth once it touched my tongue. MMmmmm!! :D  Sashimi and spicy tuna roll were yummers but truth be told, there was nothing particularly special that made it stand out.  Although I clearly remember the miso black cod was more than delicious! Maybe next time I come back we'll have a better server and I'll be sitting next to Jessica Alba and/or Terri Hatcher :)
5	This is one of my top 5 favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. The sushi is great, and the kobe steaks are excellent. It helps that the restaurant is located in my favorite resort, The Wynn.
4	We ate at the bar and the service from the bartender was great.  We had the beef tenderloin (I believe it was beef in some type of soup with some vegetables).  I was a little weary about the beef being watered-down, but it was actually very tasty, delicious, and marinated just right.  Be prepared to bring a lot of cash!
4	I made a 6 pm dinner reservation but since we got stuck o the strip, I have to canx the reservation. Bummer, I specifically wanted to be seated by the fall and pond. :(My friends and I decided to stop by anyway since we're going to be at Tryst later. Stop by Wynn concierge to see if they have extra VIP pass, the lady at the desk graciously gave me 4 VIP pass, score (Save $20 admission). My friends were happy that I took them to Okada, the place were pretty and romantic. We ended up sitting by the bar and not the table I prefer but it's ok. We accomplished one of our to do's.Love their Pomegranate Sangria and Strawberry Flirtini. We ordered Seared Tuna Salad (good portion), Red Miso Bouillabaise (small portion), Salmon Sashimi (yummy), California hand roll and I forgot the other order. 4 drinks and dinner damaged $175. Service were great and the experience I shared with gf's are priceless.We'll bring Mr for some romantic dinner soon.
3	The service was impeccable and the decor was really nice, but it just hurts to pay this much for good (but not amazing) food.
2	I spent "night 2" of my anniversary here and am still pissed off about it. I was staying at the Wynn so there was no difficultly getting reservations- it was also a Monday night. I informed the hostess that it was a special occasion and requested a table near the waterfall. When we arrived we were seated somewhat quickly, although in a non-private area, next to a large dinner party and in the center of the dining room.  I should have known at this point to get up and leave, as it took our server 10 minutes to come over to us, and he gave no apology.  I ordered all of my usual faves- salmon, unagi, albacore, etc.  And also decided to try the grilled items on skewers.  Everything was very mediocre, if not bad.  The grilled items had no flavors, no marinades- just charred meat and veggies. We couldn't bear to order another round, as we typically do, and still managed to rack up a $100 bill.  Note, that this price was without drinks!  It was very disappointing considering Steve Wynn has built such a terrific hotel and claims to have AAA four diamonds chefs.  A half hour from our original reservation we had left- such a shame : (
4	Great option to counterbalance our slightly heavier meal the night before at SW.  I'm not a huge fan of sushi, but I just couldn't stomach another heavy meal and Okada was the perfect solution.We shared the grilled bbq pork rib, which was tender enough to get at with the chopsticks.  We had the California, shrimp tempura, and crab rolls, which were all very fresh and quite tasty.  This was plenty of food for the two of us and we were able to get out for less than $60.
2	It's disappointing when a restaurant can't put their money where their mouth is. Although in the case of Okada, there's plenty of money...just not much worth eating for it. A beautiful setting, to be sure, and everyone will mention the pond out the window, but if you're there to eat (and granted, not everyone is) then I'll just make a few suggestions. Don't expect much from the fish. Miso black cod was over-cooked just enough to lose its soul but still hold together enough to serve. Sashimi was priced well above its quality level. And why, in god's name, would anyone pair fois gras with barbecued eel? Here's what i'd get if I was forced to go again and someone else was paying. Either the mushroom or cucumber salad. Pork short ribs from the grilled menu (definitely). And a few sushi rolls with enough ingredients to compensate for the mediocre fish. We had a spicy scallop roll and finished it. We also had the king crab with some kind of Top Chef invention and couldn't give it away. So expensive. So not worth it. Don't say I didn't warn you.
4	Located within the Wynn....These dishes were traditional Japanese style bbq, they're small. Don't expect to get that full there, it's like the opposite of buffet style. I got a couple of dishes here and the total bill ran to about $400 (including a big tip), but the only dish that stood out above everything else was the Japanese-imported KOBE BEEF priced at the current market rate of $30 / ounce. I ordered 6 ounces and they brought the beef out to me by the waterfall to allow me to check if everything was perfect. After placing it in my mouth the beef just started to melt, it's like you didn't even have to chew. They also give you 3 sauces to dip the beef in; each one brings out the flavor of the beef in its own way. I defiantly suggest you to adventure out and get a couple of ounces of this. Why you might ask? Because you're in Vegas!     The service was also very good; my waiter even took me and my date in the back near the 70 ft. waterfall and took our picture for us. There was a private area for dining and private party's right under the waterfall. There was a dining table directly on the man-made lake where the waterfall was falling into. It was very beautiful, one of the nicest places in Vegas, hands down.The hotel room wasn't bad either!
5	I love this place. I've read the other negative reviews about service, and perhaps I was just lucky. I dined there 3 times, once just after Christmas 2007, and twice during CES 2008. Never had an issue with service (ok... maybe the hostess has the personality of a bumper sticker, but the bartender and wait staff were fine).They make the BEST lychee martini on the planet in my opinion.Loved the toro, unagi, and yes, the famed unagi+foie gras specialty (though it was a miss with some in my party). The miso black cod is a must.Definately one of the more expensive Japanese restaurants I've eaten at, but if you're used to paying up for good dining experiences, it is par for the course. My advice for first-timers, order 1/2 of what you normally order at other restaurants, and 1/2 of the specialties or recommendations that Okada is known for.
3	We came here sort of on accident one night we were in Vegas, and I was also amused that it shares a name with a dorm from the school I'm from.  The food here was pretty good.  I don't like sushi, so I got one of their only non-sushi dishes (at least at the time) that was some sort of pork in a soup.  It was very tender and delicious.  The other members of my party were slightly more adventurous in their food selections, and they all seemed to like it.  It's just extremely extremely expensive.  I would only come back if someone were treating.
5	You really lose all sense of time in Vegas. There's just so much to see and do, and not enough hours in the day to do them all. On the first day of our trip, we decided to walk off our lunch and take in some sights on The Strip. By the time we ended up at Bellagio to see the floral display at The Conservatory, we realized that we wouldn't make it in time for our reservations at Koi. When we returned to Palazzo, we spoke to Angie, the concierge, who did a little searching for some last minute reservations at other sushi restaurants nearby. Since we were going to catch the 9:30pm performance of Le Reve at Wynn, we were in a major time crunch. Although Okada had no reservations available, Angie suggested that we try to dine at the sushi bar, which was first come, first serve, because the sushi was excellent there. Are we glad went with her recommendation!When we arrived at Okada, we explained to the hostess that we were in a rush, and hoped to grab a few bites at the sushi bar. Immediately, we were seated at the sushi bar and the hostess made sure to let our server know that we were in a hurry as well. Our sushi chef handed us a menu to check off our order, and minutes after we handed back our order to him, our sushi was in front of us. We ordered spicy scallop, yellowtail, tuna, shrimp tempura and eel & cucumber rolls to share. Everything was wonderfully fresh and delicious. We also ordered a bottle of yummy sparkling sake named "Bubbling Bamboo," which was about 2 oz. each. One of the managers brought it over and served it to us. When he poured Jessica's glass, it overflowed. It was no biggie to us, but to our surprise, he brought over a second bottle on the house. It was a very nice gesture, which made our meal that much better. Everyone we encountered was absolutely unpretentious.Had we had more time there, we would have loved to try the main dishes from their dinner menu. They looked amazing. The dining room was beautiful, and would be a perfect spot for a romantic date. Even though our experience was a rushed one, it was the best 20 minute dinner I've had in a fine dining restaurant!
5	There is just about nothing I don't like about this place.  The teppan grill is amazing (don't miss the Santa Barbara prawns or the Kobe beef), and the table-service restaurant is great too.  It has a tapas-like menu of small plates, of which my favorite is the scallop skewer.  The Japanese mushroom salad is also delicious.The sushi is excellent quality, and a bargain for a place this nice.
5	Probably the best service I've ever had in any restaurant experience.  Period.Our waitress was oh-so-attentive and just friendly as sin.  She knew exactly when to come by and check on my party as if she possessed a sixth sense or something.  Hell, she even poured our soy sauce for us.As for the dishes?  DAMN.  Fresh.  Flavorful.  ARTFULLY plated.  All in all, downright AMAZING.My girlfriends and I left here feeling full, attended to, special, important.  I would most definitely make it a priority to return to Okada on my next visit to Las Vegas.
4	Our Vegas trip just wouldn't have been as glam without a visit to Okada Sushi. The restaurant is inside the Wynn and absolutely gorgeous, which is really reason enough to go in itself. It has a dark sexy black interior, with a sleek and modern bar showing off a hefty selection of sakes,  and huge windows that look out onto a beautiful green garden. This is definitely one of the more swanky restaurants we went to, and the clientele matched the ambiance. Make sure to make reservations in advance! It fills up really quickly. Luckily our concierge told us to show up and try the sushi bar. We were ushered in with no wait at all! The sushi was 4 star -- excellent, but not amazing. The stand-out was definitely the sake! Connie ordered us the "Bubbling Bamboo," which was sweet sparkling goodness with that sake flava.I gotta say, sushi is great pre-dancing food. I barely felt full afterwards, and my tummy didn't get too bloated. Hey, you gotta think about this stuff when you're doing it up, Vegas style. You know what I'm sayin', sistas?
5	Easily the winner of the best sushi bar in all of Las Vegas.  I dare you to find me a better place for sushi, atmosphere, and service than Okada.  Granted you pay up for this dining experience, it's definitely a must visit for any fan of sushi or sashimi when visiting LV.  For first timers, request a seat in the dining room area to enjoy the waterfall backdrop to this restaurant - it's just awesome, to put it mildly.  The sake menu is quite extensive and you should definitely request the help of the sommelier if you don't know what you like...I haven't been steered too far off course when asked to be surprised.  I've ordered many of the hot and cold dishes on the menu and haven't been disappointed but the real excitement of eating here is ordering the sushi.  If there was perfect sushi (rice prep, fish, cut, etc), this would be a top contender.  The staff here at the restaurant really know their stuff and are masterful at making your favorite cuts of fish.  Bring your love for sushi and your cc.
3	Thanks to Steve Wynn's special promotion, my friend & I actually have some resort credit to spend for food here, HA!~ ^^-Okada has got a sushi bar, cocktail counter, grill bar, and the regular seating table in front of a nice waterfall surrounded by nice looking bamboo trees.We came in a little later than the usual dinner hours before they close at 10:30pm, but the host & waiter were still very nice & patiently answer our question.  They have got a great, long list of Sake selection with different grades.  We tried their sashimi plates (very fresh) and their grill stuffs (very nicely done).  The waiter often comes back to check on how we're doing with the sake and pour the sake for us.  After we finish, the grill chief came by & insist we tried some of the lamp chop & shitake mushroom 'on-the-house'.very cool, Okada! ^^
5	My bf often tells me to just leave off the makeup.That I don't need it.Red eyelashes are unique.He'll never quite get - that I like putting on makeup. It's my artistic release ritual for the day. I clutched my makeup filled suitcase tightly as I got off the flight to Vegas. I couldn't have been more thrilled about the makeup fests that were going to take place that weekend. Vegas is where you bring your sparkle. Vegas requires stage-makeup. The bright lights will wash you out. Everything is too much. And supposed to be.So that first night, when we all realized that dinner plans at Koi would cut into our makeup time before watching La Reve. We knew that we needed an alternative dinner plan pronto. We rushed over to our concierge for advice.Probably the most on-point concierge ever, Angie asked us about our time constraints, how far we wanted to travel - and recommended grabbing a spot at the bar at Okada.Some of the best advice we received that whole weekend.Okada was a swank, well lit, and beautiful space. It's easily a destination spot.  As soon as we arrived, we let our waitress know we were in a rush, and she seated us right away at the bar - right in front of the sushi chef. Within a couple of seconds - we had water, our menus, and were ready to order.We ended up ordering the spicy scallop, yellowtail, tuna, shrimp tempura and eel & cucumber rolls to shareConnie also ordered an amazingly fruity and light sparkling sake.Everything came out quickly and each roll was fresh and perfectly made.At the end of the night, one of the roaming managers took it upon himself to pour us the last drops of the sake into our empty glasses. Unfortunately mine overflowed onto the table. Not a big deal at all. But within a minute or two - the manager returned with a new bottle on the house.Now that's service!Glammed up, with delicious sushi coating my Spanxed stomach, and time to spare before the show I was glad that we didn't make a made dash over to Koi.Despite our limited time, Okada excelled in taste, service, and atmosphere.
4	YUM.  Sushi was sounding so good to me, I couldn't wait to get my hands on a roll or two.  After the previous night, I wasn't ready for a drink right away but they do have a really nice cocktail list.  I tasted my friend's strawberry martini and it was really smooth.  They use Japanese vodka in their drinks and you can't even taste it....now that's dangerous.  There's a great view of the waterfall at the Wynn if you sit at the right table.  Our server was really sweet and took pretty good care of us.  I went pretty light with the field greens salad and the shrimp tempura roll.  The roll was good but the salad left a little to be desired.  I was definitely eyeing other dishes as they walked their way to other tables and everything looked delish.  The Wynn has some great choices to dine at and Okada is really great if you're in the mood for Japanese.
5	My favorite restaurant at the Wynn and really, one of the best sushi places I frequent (and I eat sushi about 3-4 times a week).  The fish here is so fresh, so soft, melts in your mouth.  Tuna, Salmon, rainbow roll, spicy tuna, all great. Huge sake selection.  Eat at the sushi bar for a more lively/engaged experience or a table for a private setting.
4	I was lured to the Wynn by the beautiful architecture and grounds, and wanted to explore.  we stumbled across this restaurant after wandering around, and ate here by impulse.  Without reservations, we got seated at the bar, which is a shame because the seating area looked beautiful--with the waterfall cascading in the background.  This is probably the nicest Japanese restaurant I have been to.  The waitress recognized that I looked cold and brought me a shawl to wrap around my shoulders.  On the other hand, we sat there for quite a while ready to order from the kitchen, until we finally summoned the waitress.  Ordered the diver scallops, the sea bass, and a rainbow roll.  The food was outstanding and beautifully presented, although I had a little sticker shock when I saw how small the portions were for the cooked items.  But mmmm, excellent food.
3	Sushi: unbelieveable awesomeService: impeccalbe!Price: HOLY!!!I love sushi as much as the next person, but wow...I can't see paying the prices they ask for.  It was an experience that I'm happy to say, 'been there  done that'.  Unfortunately, if I don't hit it big at the tables pre-dinner, I am not dining there.  I'd have to sell a kidney.
5	Some of the best sushi I've had yet (and I've had LOTS of sushi).Food: Amazing. Everything was very tasty and some of it was even very rare (such as the delicious Iranian caviar).Drinks: They have a huge selection of sake and even a sake somollier. He was very educated and recommended some great sakes. From what I remember, the wine was pretty good too.Atmosphere: Tough to beat. You're surrounded by walls of sake and a waterfall (believe it or not). There's just something really nice about the sound of water while you're eating. You can see what I'm talking about from the Wynn's website, but it's really cool. Nice, wide open atmosphere too. Service: Was very good by my standards.
4	Always spend at least one dinner at Okada.  The sushi chefs are legit (yes, I've conversed with them, they're all Japanese, trained in Japan, and never worked at Benihana).  The environment is nice and dark.....just loud enough to have a good time, but definitely quiet enough for conversations with that special someone from the local escort service.Skip the bento crap, the kobe steak, the entrees, the BS.  Just order the sushi.  If you want steak, go to a steakhouse.  If you want a bento box, go to the mall.  Don't order that junk.  Go to Okada for the sushi.....order away.....they have the best sushi in Vegas.  How can you go wrong with 12 orders of sushi (pick whichever ones suit your fancy, they're all great), a bunch of Asahi and Kirin, a few cheap bottles of house sake, and 5-6 of your closest friends?
5	tepanyaki? yes. damn good, to boot. this place is super-fantastic, and gets better EVERY time i hit this place up. killer food, cool vibe, and a killer Saki menu. that's hot!
1	Dinner ($40+) (single visit)Food: 4Service: 1Decor: 4Other: 1Wow.  I really can't believe how poor the majority of the experience was.  I had read a number of positive reviews about Okada, and therefore, I was looking forward to a nice dinner out with my friends.  However, the overall experience was anything but.First, when I was making the reservation, and again when the reservation was confirmed, I was reminded to dress well and to not bring children.  I thought that both reminders were pompous and unnecessary, but thought little else of them.  Please keep in mind that I was told multiple times to remind my party that shorts and other such casual attire were not acceptable (more on this below).  Furthermore, upon arrival, a member of our party was told that he would have to remove his fedora in order to comply with the strict dress code.  Snooty, but fine.After we were seated, in a high traffic area of the restaurant, we took to reviewing the menus.  After some time, we were eventually informed that 95% of the items on the rather pricey menu were designed to be tapas portions.  In other words, each person would most likely need to order at the very least 2 items in order to sate their appetites.  Again, an unpleasant surprise, but fine.However, when one waiter told us that substitutions on the sushi plates would be fine and then a subsequent waiter informed us that substitutions would not be possible, we started to get rather irritated.  We had planned to order sake, but decided against giving the restaurant and the waiter the satisfaction.Then, the waiter brought out the wrong order for my plate.  Fine.  Then, a few minutes later, the waiter finally came back to our table and took away the wrong order.  Fine.  Then, about 10 minutes later, the waiter finally brought out half of the correct order.  Half of it.  Ten minutes later.  Ten minutes might not seem like a long time, but when 5 other people are sitting around the table and staring at their plates, despite my protestations that they begin eating, 10 minutes is a RATHER long time.  And when we're on a schedule to get to a show, 10 minutes is a bothersome, long time.  Eventually, the rest of my order made it to our table, but not until everyone else had nearly finished their meals.  No apologies.  No attempt to make up for their mistake.  Nothing.The eel was bony, the rolls were no better than average, but the foie gras was good.  My friends agreed with each other that their sushi plates had been above average, but not great.As we were waiting for our check, I looked over and saw a man wearing shorts in the restaurant.  SHORTS.  Earlier, we had spotted one or two patrons wearing jeans, but I chalked it up to the possibility that perhaps they were fashionable jeans.  Fine.  Shorts, not fine.  Not after you're gonna beat me over the head with your dress code.Then, the waiter took forever to come collect our check and proceeded to inform us that he would not be able to run multiple cards.  OMFG.  He eventually ran three of our cards, but gave us a hard time about it.Overall, it was not the worst dining experience I've ever had, but it was perhaps the most disappointing.
5	So let Okada by my first five star.  Have I been holding out?  Well, if you're dishing them out like pancakes, when you've really got something good, then you've nowhere to go.  I guess a large part of my reviews goes toward the quality of the meal, but what caps it off for yours truly is, did I/we have a fabulous time?  So the context is Vegas baby!  And my honey and I'd just seen the Cirque rendition of the Beatles, Love.  Still, we had a 1+ hour wait for a walk in, but what's time at the Wynn?  It was worth it bec/ we sat right in front of the waterfall all lit up :) does it get any better?We consumed what we always order, a set of special starters, and a battery of nigiri and one or two rolls.  Now, who eats raw fish in the middle of the desert? But this is Las Vegas, and nowhere else can you get brilliant prime rib 24/7 and world class dining in a desert.  Yay for all the food people in Vegas!  The fish undoubtedly is flown in every day, hunted down in ocean ports by several maniacal buyers around the country.  The prices reflect it btw, so be prepared for sticker shock.  So our salmon was firm and clear and buttery, the hamachi light, glistening and the scallop unbelievably sweet; it was hard not to vacuum the stuff down.  Hats off to the buyers, the chefs who sliced generous, beautiful cuts, and Chef Masa Ishizawa for holding his kitchen to amazing standards.  The serious wow factor revolved around the starters (of course), and it must have been a selection of five items, including a pacific oyster (MUST ORDER THIS), kobe beef, a shockingly light custard (rich, savory), and something involving mushrooms.  I couldn't find it on the menu, so perhaps this is a seasonal or occasional featured selection.  Highly recommended if you like the raw stuff, easy on the sauces.  The place is gigantic and beautiful; the service a bit stiff, esp with the hostesses. There's a frightening club that opens just outside Okada, so watch out for the not-quite-so-gay-and-drunk, but-not-so-sober line.  Be ready to spend spend spend, and hopefully only with persons who like it raw, almost wriggling.
2	My brother raved on and on about this place and trusting his taste I booked a reservation.  I decided to just go ahead and be safe and make a resv for one since I had limited days out in Vegas.I tried to postpone the time slot,but they assured me they could not do it until 1030 if I did, nearly two hours later so I went on time.For the first 45mins I saw 8 empty tables making me wonder about the reservation policy. so one of my dishes did not come out for a good hour, making me lose my appetite, however every sushi dish took mere seconds to come out and was incredibly freshthe view of the waterfall was nicebut for one glass of wine and three items off the menu, 100.00 out of pocket made me feel like highway robbery...I suggest to keep looking aroundoh and when I was leaving and saw a huge line I thought these people must experience something completely different!but it was for the nightclub downstairs.So if you want something nice and the Wyn look for the club below the overpriced okada
5	So my boyfriend took me to the Wynn on Sunday to dine at the Okada. And I must say that it really made it to one of the best restaurants I have been to, especially for a date. The waitress and waiter were extremely nice and attentive to us, and we got the best view of the pond. Instead of going for the big entree, we decided to try out different sushi and yakitori. So we had...1) Hamachi2) Tai3) Kanpachi 4) Shake5) Maguro 6) Oh Toro7) Kurobuta yakitori8) Negima9) Beef Tenderloin10) Yaki onigiriYes, it sounds like A LOT of food but the portions were really small. However, each piece was simply enjoyable and refreshing. All the food came out relatively around the same time, and the wait wasn't too long. So then we ended the night with Mochi and the Raspberry-Lychee. And I am personally not a fan of sweets, but I must say that the Raspberry-Lychee dessert was to savor down to the very last bite. Although the restaurant was great, I thought they should have enforced the dress code instead of letting people wearing sandals and shorts inside even though outside was about 102 degrees. I thought it was quite rude and disrespectful. The overall price of the dining experience was A LOT (I will not say the amount), so do not expect to go there and eat cheap. This was definitely one great and unforgettable experience for me.
5	Okada- one of the best experiences I have ever had in Vegas, and the sole reason I have chosen to join yelp.  My girlfriend and I were in Vegas last week celebrating our dating anniversary, and had a dinner reservation at 8:30.  I had requested a table overlooking the pond/waterfall (which, by the way, is beautiful).  We arrived a few minutes early, and headed to the bar for a cocktail.  After waiting 15 minutes, the hostess approached us and explained that our table was occupied and that they were just waiting on the party to pay their bill.  She apologized and assured us that we would be seated as soon as possible.  No big deal.  Another 15 minutes passed, and again the hostess approached us and gave us an update.  She then said, "excuse me for being so ignorant, you must be so hungry.  i will be right back."  she returned with a bowl of edamame.  A few minutes passed, the edamame disappeared, and we were seated at last...  at 9:07.  again, not a big deal. We decided to start with an order of chicken skewers from the robata grill, which is basically just a large, Japanese charcoal grill.  The chicken was cooked perfectly, and was surprisingly tasty.  My suggestion would be to  skip out on the grill, however, and go straight for the sushi.The fish at Okada is fantastic.  If you are looking for a trendy, crazy roll-inspired restaurant, Okada is not the place for you.  My girlfriend and I eat sushi quite often, so we ordered our favorite nigiri (sake, hamachi, kampachi, toro- chu, spicy scallop) and a spicy tuna and rainbow roll to compare.  The sushi rice is perfectly cooked and seasoned, and the fish is  fresh and served at the perfect temperature.  I am Japanese, and I prefer to eat nigiri, but the spicy tuna roll was to die for.  If you can splurge a bit, get the toro chu ($20 for 2 pieces).  it literally melts in your mouth.      After dinner, the manager brought us our check and he too apologized for the inconvenience with our reservation.  He explained to us that he was very happy that we chose to dine at Okada, and as a token of his appreciation, he paid for all of our rolls!  He then gave us his card, and said that if we ever needed anything while staying in Vegas to look him up.  And to top things off, they gave us  complimentary green tea creme brulee to celebrate our anniversary!I can't say enough great things about our dining experience at Okada.  In a city that I have always viewed as being concerned only with the money, it was refreshing to know that places still exist that actually appreciate your business whether you are spending a lot or a little.  Ironically, one of these places can be found in the most expensive hotel on the strip- the Wynn...  and we weren't even staying there!  Needless to say, I am looking forward to going back to Vegas, this time as a guest of the Wynn.
2	OK, so perhaps my overall Wynn experience led to me giving Okada 2 stars instead of 3....but it really deserves NO MORE.The posse and I made reservations 2 weeks i advance, (mostly because I'm a spaz planner like that), and upon arrival, the hostess tells us there will be a twenty minute wait....OKFinally we are seated, order our sake, appetizers, and then our waiter leaves...I guess he didn't want to take our dinner orders? OK, slow food dining experience...our sake comes, service is extremely attentive, constantly filling our sake cups, pouring water, etc...our appetizers come, and everyone VANISHES! No joke, we waited after our appetizer plates were clearly licked clean for a busser, a server,ANYONE to come back and take our entree orders. One of our party ends up getting up, and physically grabbing a buss boy, asked him to send over our waiter....another 20 min go by...FINALLY, he appears. No apology, takes our entree orders, and vanishes...no, "would you like another bottle of sake," NOTHING. Being rather annoyed at this point, and our whole table talking about the bad service, our entrees come, still no refill on the sake....we ask for our server, he NEVER comes back to our table. We finish our entrees, decide dessert at this place is not worth another hour wait, and flag down another busser, CHECK PLEASE!. We wait, and wait and wait....no check. WE decide this is too comical a situation to be pissed, so we get up, all eight of us, leave our table and walk directly to the hostess, demand to see a manager. Manager comes after another 15min wait, we explain the situation, he chastises us for "walking out on the bill," we hand him a pile of cash and swear never to return. I'd like to clarify, we didn't try and walk out on the bill, we would have just walked straight out the front door had that been the case. We were trying to pay for our meal so we could go downstairs and enjoy our table a Tryst. Not only did the manager not apologize for our terrible service, he didn't offer to comp anything, and had a nasty attitude the whole time. I will never go back to Okada, the food was decent, but when there are places like Social House, why would I endure bad service when I'm paying top dollar?
4	Great restaurant. Came here with my boyfriend and between the two of us we tried: oysters, mushroom salad, beef tenderloin & Chilean sea bass. The food was all really yummy besides some chocolate dessert which was pretty forgettable. Our waitress was fine, but the somonier was super helpful not only with the wine but also with food suggestions. I would probably come back if there weren't so many other awesome restaurants to try in Vegas. It's Vegas, baby!
5	First thing's First, a social commentary/vent on Las Vegas:Las Vegas is truly nothing more than a pile of dirt in hell camouflaged with a LOT of make-up, re-diverted water, and reliable air-conditioning.  I say that because no matter how careful I try to be, by the time I leave Vegas, my nails are always filled with dirt as if I had been playing in a sandbox or something.Now that I've got that out of the way:But that aside, the Las Vegas strip is visually stimulating with a night life incomparable to anywhere in the world.   After walking thru the various hotels in the heart of the strip, Caesars, Mirage, Harrahs, Imperial Palace, and the Venetian, I decided to see what the hype was about the Wynn Resort, a hotel casino, shopping area, restaurant hub, sportsbook, exotic automobile dealership, and golf course!I was craving Japanese so I opted to eat at Okada.  The logo is clever and is a circle with the word ka and below that da.The interior is sophisticated, casual, dim, and oh so cool with a window less view of a waterfall surrounded by Japanese  Pine trees.The environment is extremely social and I struck up interesting conversations with the bartender and other patrons sitting around me.  The service was perfect, the mood fun, and atmosphere stimulating for good conversation.As for the cuisine, it was overpriced and the overhyped ginger-mojito wasn't special given that the vodka was Japanese which is a shirley templesque 10 proof.Let's take a look at what I ate:1.  Japanese Oysters (6) on the half shell = 5 Stars.  The flavor was only 4 stars because it was bland but if you add lemon and a dask of soy sauce, they are perfect.  That just means the chef didn't fully think it out.  The chef does season the oysters artistically with flying fish eggs, strips of red and green seaweed and some radish/lettuce like greens.2.  10 pieces of Sashimi= 3 Stars.  Although the quality of the pieces was good, I got ripped off as the Toro sashimi was replaced with Mackeral.  The other sashimi pieces were Hamachi (Yellow tail), Salmon, Tuna, and something else that was altogether forgettable.  Basically, this is $40 of Sashimi that you'll get for $10 anywhere outside of the Vegas Strip.3.  The Okada Roll=4 Stars.  This was a Lobster roll.  And although the raw lobster was very good, the accompanying flavor was too sweet and the sushi pieces fell apart when I tried to pick them up with my chopsticks.4.  Foie Gras=5 Stars.  Perfectly seared and 100% French style just like in Paris.5.  $6.00 Miso Soup=It taste like Miso Soup.  $6.00????????????6.   Desert: Pineapple Sorbet=5 Stars excellent end of an exciting dining experience.All in all the food was very good but the reason I give this 5 stars is because of the very cool and social atmosphere of this place.Despite the over-the-top prices, $200+ for the above FOR ONE, I had lots of fun.  Not the best 5 star dining experience in my life (Chutney Mary's Indian Cusine in London wins that award) but definitely a memorable good time.Given the price, this isn't the best Japanese place by any standard, but the environment is conducive to modest, social fun.
5	First off, I love this place. I went last year to celebrate my B-day with a friend. Eating at Okada had to be the best part of my whole trip. The sushi was amazing and the Sake was wonderful. Plus we went to the club downstairs and had a great time. I am so looking forward to going back to Vegas and eating there again!!!!
5	The Wynn is what Vegas should be, in my humble opinion. Check the sleeze and cheese at the door, the Wynn is all class. From the opulence of the glittering tree lined walkways (indoors) to the magnificent waterfall towering over outdoor patio seating shielding guests from the vulgarity of the strip, this is the place to be. Okada matched the casino's beauty with effortless grace. I felt like I was walking into a serene spa, with delicious cocktails and sumptuous food. OK enough of that and on to the food and service. Our server was excellent - she had a great personality and made a few jokes as we pored over the menu. I am all about lychee-tinis. Theirs is sweeter - but still exceptionally smooth - than those I usually get. Excellent. Edamame was brought out quickly as we decided on our main course dishes. My girlfriend and I split a nice mix of dishes: The Okada roll (sold from the photos on the restaurant's Web site), Spicy Tuna Roll, Shrimp Tempura Roll, Special Robotaki of Foie Gras wrapped in Tenderloin, Lobster Miso finished with a trio of parfaits. Everything was delicious. The Lobster Miso is large enough to share and has plenty of lobster for all. The Foie Gras was perfectly seared and was buttery rich, wrapped in tender subtlety flavored tenderloin. It was plated with a blend of Srirracha, oil and some other sauce that gave the bites a little extra zing. There were three skewered pieces which is perfect for one, or to share with two if you order a lot of different dishes. Of course, the signature sushi roll the Okada Roll was excellent. Tasty lobster and asparagus topped with wasabi cream and eel sauces. To die for. 34$ for eight pieces is a bit steep, but hey you're in Vegas right? Spicy Tuna Roll was great but we should've ordered the soft shell crab roll instead of shrimp tempura. The trio parfait desserts were tasty as well. A nice variety for those like me who fare better with multiple choice. My favorite was the red bean and cake parfait, although the taste certainly is not for everyone. Other choices included Chantilly Lace which was some sort of sweet cream and custard, and a chocolate caramel which is self explanatory and absolutely delicious. Total bill came to 200$ for two, but I say it was well worth it. You only live once and what a great choice while in Vegas!
5	Let's get this out of the way: Okada is expensive. Once you understand and accept this fact, it really shouldn't deter you from ordering (in my humble opinion) some of the best sushi ever. As avid sushi lovers, we've eaten at tons of different sushi restaurants (from small, classy joints to all you can eat sushi buffets) so we were skeptical to see if Okada was really worth it.It is.The atmosphere is great, the service was exceptional blah blah blah wouldn't expect any less from the Wynn. Now FOOD!  We were tended to at the bar by head chef Kenzo (you know it's gonna be good when you see older, real Japanese sushi chefs at the bar). His knife work was masterful to say the least.Highlights:-Toro: Literally melt in your mouth fatty tuna heaven. We watched Kenzo as he carefully sliced the piece so as to avoid any stringy tendons. Perfect.-Salmon: I usually don't like salmon nigiri or sashimi, but (as mentioned above) it was cut perfectly and the salmon was delicious, smooth and flavorful.-Rainbow Roll: The fish was fresh, but this was nothing special. Pass and order something else.-Toro Roll: Slices of toro and green onion complimented each other well in this perfectly executed roll. It's simple, but don't pass this up!-Okada Roll: Not usually a fan of lobster rolls--always thought they were too sweet. However, this was an exception. The lobster was fresh, meaty, and delicately flavored. The presentation was pretty cool too. Definitely recommend.All in all, great experience! If you're going there strictly for the sushi, like we did, grab a bar seat. And remember the dress code is formal so drop that affliction shirt and wear a blazer (unlike my date). I'm STILL dreaming about this place...
4	Great Sake selectionSushi is good, cut a little largeTepenyake is fun, great meatFYI - No T-shirts allowed
5	In one word...  BLISSFUL.This restaurant was just absolutely amazing.  From start to finish.  When we arrived, they were quite packed and we had no reservation, so we opted NOT to wait and sat at the Sushi Bar.  I highly recommend this if you are in a small group, or just 2 of you.  The experience is like none other.  Its amazing to watch them make the sushi rolls and prepare the fish for your eating pleasure.  You get the feeling that the Sushi Chef in front of you is your very own personal Chef!  And I'd like to say we had the most amazing, energetic, and comical chef at that!  He let me take his picture while he was rolling our sushi and then even took one of us (totally his idea!).We started by ordering wine.  Of course.  :)  Then on to our sushi rolls...  Philadelphia roll - the best Philadelphia roll I've ever had.  The salmon was fresh and so tasty, combined with the cream cheese and veggies.  OMG, sooo good.Spicy Yellow Tail roll - this has to be one of my favorite rolls.  Had just enough spice without making it too hot & spicy to eat.  The Yellow Tail tasted freshly caught!  Melt in your mouth delicious!and the Shrimp Tempura roll - a classic staple for me with sushi.  I'll order this roll anywhere I go, and here it was like tasting a piece of heaven!  The tempura was perfectly crunchy and the shrimp was just delectable.  The accompanying veggies were crisp and tasty.Our neighbors sitting at the sushi bar sent us the most delicious tuna sushi, still not quite sure why, but the BF says he overheard them talking about how cute we were as a couple...  Hey, free sushi, I'll take it!  :)  Thank you guys, whoever you were!!!  It was a very nice gesture.In between our sushi and our meal, we had their Miso Soup, which is probably the BEST Miso I've ever devoured!  The seaweed, tofu, and broth were just perfect!  And since I had a cold coming on, this really warmed the body and soul.Continuing the meal, we then shared the Rack of Lamb entree, which was mouth-wateringly EXCELLENT.  I've never had a more perfectly seasoned and cooked rack of lamb dish.  This was just perfection.  Along with potatoes and mushrooms in the delicious sauce, this was my favorite dish of the night.Completely stuffed, and realizing it was our last night in Vegas...  We ordered dessert!  OMG, I swear I needed to be rolled out of there!!!  For dessert, I can't for the life of me remember what it was called.  All I know it was a green paste-like dish (tasted like green tea) with this delicious raspberry gelee, and gold flakes sprinkled on top.  It was definitely heavenly - and pics are posted.  I can't believe I only photo-ed the dessert.If you're in Vegas, Okada is a MUST.  Happy Eating!!!
5	this restaurant has the best and freshest sushi i've ever had in my life.  started with the japanese mushroom salad and then oysters - which were so fresh, i've never tasted anything like them before, followed by sushi: abalone, sweet shrimp, squid, toro, yellowtail and sea urchin.  out of this world.  i cannot wait to go back to vegas to dine here again!p.s. - have the mochi for dessert!
4	Not much to say other than this is always an enjoyable meal, the staff is AWESOME, the sushi is top quality, and the ambiance is fantastic.If you're going to eat sushi in Las Vegas, there's no reason to go anywhere but Okada.
5	This is one of the best sushi places I've ever been to. Amazing fresh selections and awesome service. Great variety of drinks. Probably my favorite place to eat in VegasEat the okada roll!!! There was nothing quite like that. The kobe beef was phenomenal. I had one of the best meals of my life here.
4	Love the ambiance of Okada, the fresh sushi, and tasty entrees don't hurt either! We got some sashimi and sushi specials both of which were delectable! The spicy tuna roll was definitely the best I've ever tasted. The sashimi melts in your mouth. Just thinking about them makes me want more! The service was fast and friendly.  Love that you can see the fake waterfall from the window in the main dining room.  Nice for a date or intimate dinner. I would definitely recommend  Okada for sushi on the strip.
5	Absolutely delicious. I had the lobster sushi roll/the okada roll and OMG, this was quite possibly the best sushi that I've had in my entire life! I mean, F-in wow! It's very beautiful on the inside. The staff is very friendly. Overall, it was pretty awesome experience.
5	Great selection of Japanese cuisine - from traditional sushi, Robata and Hibachi grill. We had some of the freshest fish - toro, tuna, kampachi and fresh salmon sashimi from their sushi bar that evening. Another pleasant surprise was the braised short ribs from the Robata menu. The other notable mentions are the black cod and magnificent waterfall view which our party was placed in front of. Truly enjoyed the dinner.
4	The food was definitely great. Private room:We dined in a private room. The view of the waterfall was spectacular. All outside noise could be shut out just by closing the window so it was very intimate and private. Sushi:Amazing. I could eat the negi toro all night. The Okada roll (lobster & asparagus) was great too. Kobe Beef:kobe beef steak melted in my mouthRobata Yaki:yakitori: goodasparagus bacon: goodEggplant: oktsukune: ok - i've had tastierSake:Great selection of sake. Get the sweet sake: tastes kind of like a reisling or something! so yummy-1 star for making me go back to my hotel room to change my shoes. zori (flip flops, slippahs etc) are authentic & traditional Japanese footwear, lol!
5	Favorite restaurant in La Vegas - and I used to live there! Every time friends & family would come to town, I would push to go there for the tempan room. Think of a typical hibachi grill (where they cook in front of you) but on steroids X 100. Its really that good. The tempan room is a large square room enclosed by floor to ceiling glass over looking a lagoon which is pleasant eye-candy while you dine. I've been multiple times and haven't found anything that I nor my party didn't enjoy. The sushi is out of this world and they must get it multiple times a day. Very creative with their roll designs also. The drinks are plentiful and priced moderately. There is also a chefs table I would recommend if you want to splurge. Its outside on its own island in the middle of a water-lagoon. Talk about being the center of attention. You have to see it to understand it... I couldn't find a picture. In any event - Check out Okada!
4	Think of Okada as your rich man's Benihana's. Great food and service. Try to share because the teppanyaki portions are huge!
4	Had been here before last year when I stayed at Wynn, and then again when i stayed at Encore last week. Loved the garden. Except for the bar and sushi bar, most seats have a clear overlooking the garden w/waterfall and beautiful flowers and trees(there's even a table outside probably for special reservations or lunch). The crowd was mixed. young people were dressed resort casual while the more mature(late 20s and up) were better dressed. Watermelon juice-consistent throughout the hotel. Fresh and unsweetened. Sashimi Platter- about 5 different types of sashimis, 2 slices of each type. fresh. price of sushi was actually better than Hyakumi at Caeser's.Grilled Shiitake - 3 slices. tasty yummy.Vegetable tempura- Everything was good. a generous 10 types of different veges(incl. mushrooms). batter was a little thin, but still good.Exotic fruit sorbet- errr.. nothing exotic about it at all if you're from a tropical country. one of the sorbet flavor was really good, although i'd forgotten what flavor it was. they're basically flat squared sorbets on some cookies/bread. bread was good. the coin-liked fruits were just lame. Just give me big slices of fruits!Although we didn't order a lot, we had this meal comp-ed because of my friend's gambling points. woohoo!! definitely drop by if you're staying in the hotel or anywhere in vegas!
4	I went here for a business dinner in March. We started with some good sake, although be warned that a good bottle there will easily be north of $150, potentially FAR north. The service was great as our party expanded in scope as the evening went on and the server accomdatd us with extra chairs, prompt menus, good suggestions and kept the food coming.The food itself was well-prepared - I had skewers of organic chicken that were ecellent, although the portions are designed to be quite small. I think we closed the place. Definitely on my list next time I am in Vegas.
4	Enjoyed all aspects of the meal. The setting was pretty and relaxing. There was music on but it wasn't overwhelming. The noise level never got that high so we could actually maintain a conversation throughout the meal.The service was great. Our waitress was smiling, attentive, and made some good recommendations.The food - We thought about going with the chef's menu but ended up trying a few things from different parts of the menu.  We started with the sashimi platter which was great. It wasn't very interesting... very common cuts of fish... but the fish was fresh and the portion sizes were generous. We also ordered the spicy tuna roll and another roll that were both good.  We ordered some of the skewers from the next portion of the menu and the chilean seabass from the hot plates. All dishes were very good. For dessert, we ordered some chocolate mousse dish (which was better than I thought it would be ) and the mochi ice cream which was perfect. Not too overwhelming and a nice selection of different flavors.Obviously we had sake throughout the meal which I highly recommend and though I rarely get cocktails, I tried the strawberry martini drink they had and it was delicious... so good I actually had to order more than one.Definitely one of the better sushi options in Vegas.
2	it was soso for me. i liked raku better
3	The food was very good.  The service was awful.  Had to ask for things three or four times before they were brought to our table and some things we asked for never even showed up.  It took us 30 minutes to get our check after we finished eating, our waitress disappeared and no one even checked on us.  Probably would not go back b/c of the horrible service.
5	Food and service were both excellent.  We had amazing seats right next to the waterfall! Okada is now on my favorite list.  My husband and I split a sushi meal and ordered two full plate of robata grilled meats, fish, and veggies.  The sushi was excellent and priced about the same as in CT.  The robata grilled meats and veggies were much better then most you'd find at a yakitori.  Lightly sauced and pleasantly seasoned and charred.  Everything was melt in your mouth good.We ordered desserts and the were out of this world good.  Something that you usually do not find at a Japanses restaurant.  We had the pineapple sashimi and and the chocolate ginger mousse.  Wow.  Order both sooooooo gooooood and sooooo big.  YumOur waitress was really sweet and thanked us so much for the tip.  Something that I have never seen before anywhere.  Would definitely eat here on my next trip.
4	This place serves excellent dishes and there is no doubt about that. Decor, location and service. There is no other Japanese restaurant that comes even close. They have a table that is in the middle of the man made lake next to a waterfall. Very impressive. The sushi seemed very fresh and the entrees were great. With every great view and atmosphere comes the price tag. This place is VERY expensive. If money is no object you will enjoy this place. If it is...then you better start saving those nickels and quarters.
4	Located inside the Wynn Hotel, lies a Japanese restaurant with great views of the waterfall and a wonderful ambiance.  Decided to give the $49.99 prix fixe a try.  Tried the wagyu carpaccio and the chilean seabass.  The Wagyu carpaccio was wonderful, as was the chilean seabass.  The wagyu melts in your mouth! The sashimi was also very fresh.  Service was very attentive, always refilling cups of water and checking up on us to see if we needed anything.  The bill can run up, especially if ordering alcohol and other small appetizers, but it was worth it.
4	OkadaThere is a stunning view that overlooks a breathtaking waterfall - IF you are lucky enough or pay enough to find yourself at one of these exclusive tables.The atmosphere is upscale, yet very comfortable, as there were several families dining. The wait staff is very friendly as you would expect from a from a "AAA Four Diamond award restaurant" Okada is known to have freshest sushi in town...I wouldn't know if its THE freshest sushi, but it definitely ranks up there as one of the best  in taste, texture and overall gastronomic experience. The Hamachi with Chili Salsa and Ponzu sauce was good enough to order - Twice! Order the Seaweed and Cucumber Salad topped with the snow crab. The flavor of the crab adds flair the salad. The Mushroom salad has a rich smokey taste and was a nice change from the run of the mill Portobello mushroom that you find in most restaurants. The Foie Gras was good - not great. The pairing with the Unagi didn't do much for me. The signature Okada roll - I could've done without... tastes mostly like mayonnaise, the only plus about the it was the 2 large lobster claws that accompanied the dish. What set this restaurant as one of the best that Ive ever been to, was one simple gesture I witnessed - A family was dining next to us when the young daughters fell asleep at the table, without request a server placed a blanket over each of the sleeping children. I have never seen a restaurant go to that level of service!
1	Fake super expensive Japanese food, lacking in freshness, with staff lacking in etiquette! (in all senses of the word). Initially, I was totally hesitant to go here as I did not believe that it was a real Japanese restaurant. I just can't see the Wynn hosting anything that is not glamorous trash. But my friends were insistent as we had to go to Blush for an evening of super loud music and flirting with prostitute waitresses post din din. As we walk in, I immediately notice that the sushi bar keeps a huge distance between the chef and patron. How can I eat Omakase (chef's choice) in this way? No Japanese greeting either. No bowing. I am tempted to get my gold encrusted kendo practice sword from my Ferrari parked outside. Actually, no Japanese anywhere in sight. Of course, there are Asian waiters which is a nice pretend visual to confuse the Gai Jin. My spider sense tells me to leave again but alas, my friends won't hear of it. 450 dollars later, for 4 of us, and that's without really being full, we are all annoyed. Me being the most as I am in the "I told you so" phase of the meal. You should trust that I am a lot of fun, especially when we reach this part of the evening.Service - Well, they took about 20 minutes to serve us or even offer a drink, then placed our sake bottle half way across the room but never bothered to come to pour it unless we flagged them down. At one point, I am sure that the table next to us was drinking it instead. In addition, they brought food that we didn't order, failed to bring food that we did and while the waitress was sort of helpful, none of the etiquette or dignity of even a low class Japanese spot was to be found anywhere. Then halfway through the meal, we were treated to a waitress switch. Try and find that in Japan where the relationship between server and patron can reach levels of the profound.Food -1. UNI - Fish smell and fish taste, and not the good kind. This is a huge no no. I was actually concerned about being sick after taking a bite. Almost made me wish I was at the super-overpriced Sushi Gen where at least the Uni is fresh.2. TUNA - Rubber3. SALMON - So So4. IKURA - fishy5. ROLLS - Bland, lacking in flavorThe rest was honestly not worth mentioning. Everything was rubbery, not very fresh at all or at least 2nd or 3rd grade quality. The yakitori stuff was ok, especially the meatball. Only thing that tasted decent was the Foie Gras that my friend ordered. But that wasn't even Japanese.I sort of feel like so many people get ripped off here that they all want to say how bloody good it is to justify it to themselves or their friends. Or more likely, to show off. And when compared to PF Chang or some fake Korean sushi place, maybe it is good...um...no...it isn't. It isn't. It isn't even good enough to be an alternative to grabbing one of the fish out of the aquarium and taking a bite out of its head.Again, a nice fake Japanese spot with a solid sounding Japanese name, and a whole slew of celebrity, social climbing momos to sit and rave on how good their disgusting seared uni cracker jack roll is! Wow. Bad bad bad. I guess when I saw the owner of American Apparel at a table nearby chomping away with one of his heroine sheek models, I should have got up and ordered a pizza to the slot machine outside.Or for a couple 100 bucks more, I could have flown to Japan and had a fantastic meal at the airport, and a quick fling with a stewardess in one of those spacious and technologically advanced Japanese bathrooms. Yah, they still call them stewardess in Japan. Fly ANA, and fly on ANA! Arigato gozaimasu!
5	This is one of my bf's favorite restaurants. The scallop sushi is the best here! It is super fresh and crunchy. I have also been to the one in Macau, (They have the exact same Wynn), and the service there is impeccable. At the one in Vegas, they have an amazing view of the waterfall because it's located right above Tryst. Everything is super amazing and the sake is we had last time was delicious as well. If it weren't for the very expensive price tag, this would definitely be a place we would frequent more often.
5	The concept of a high-end sushi restaurant in the middle of the desert likely would be greeted with reactions ranging from skepticism to disbelief. But if any place could pull it off, it's Vegas.Let's start with the setting - it's at The Wynn, probably my favorite casino property on the strip. You walk into an atmosphere that oozes opulence. Let's face it, all of Vegas is over the top, but the Wynn reeks of glamour and decadence without being completely tacky.The restaurant itself is set in a relaxing, warm atmosphere with great views of the waterfall. While the decor is not stunning, it is obviously all very high-end and subdued. What would Vegas be without great cocktails? There's a wide selection of specialty cocktails, in the $15 range which isn't ridiculous by Vegas standards. I'm from NYC, so sadly, $15 for a drink doesn't seem that outrageous anymore. I recommend the lychee martini. They go down quite easily, and after 2 or 3 of them, you will too.The quality of the sushi is impeccable. It's all completely clean and fresh, and practically melts in your mouth. I've been here 3 times and have yet to have anything that was short of marvelous. The albacore (white tuna) sushi is a standout for me - I called it "the butter (or "buttah") of the sea."The service has always been outstanding as well - courteous, polite, not rushed, and informed about the choices. Our server gave us a minute long treatise on the difference between chu-toro and oh-toro - it made sense at the time, but I can't elaborate as I was already 2 martinis into my meal at that point.I suppose the one disadvantage would be the price tag. But let's face it - if you're in Vegas, you aren't there to save money. Given the quality of the surroundings, and the unparalleled freshness of the sushi, it's well worth it. I might even go so far as to say it's my favorite sushi restaurant of all time.
4	In Vegas for a conference at the Wynn.  Looked for a place to grab some dinner, and stumbled upon Okada.  Good reviews on Yelp, and it was right downstairs, so I figured I'd try it out.Sat at the sushi bar since I felt uncomfortable sitting at a table by my loneself self.  Sushi chefs were suuuper friendly, and made eating dinner alone bearable!   The waiter recommended the tiger roll (not on the menu, but it's shrimp tempura with spicy tuna on top of the roll with eel sauce, 6 pieces) and toro, 4 pieces.  The spicy tuna on top was delicious!  The toro was very fresh... and very fatty!  It basically melts in your mouth.  Very good.  Had two glasses of Sauvignon Blanc with my meal as well.  This place is a little pricey... bill came out to be about $115.  Recommended.  but maybe try the food from the kitchen as well, the man next to me recommended it, as well as the waiter.
5	One of my favorite sushi places in Vegas.  The fish was sooo delicious!Pricey, but worth it!  Excellent place for a date. Robata menu is a plus!
4	The sushi here is very good. Super fresh. Yes, it is expensive but you're in Vegas and you're at the Wynn. If you have a problem with spending money then you shouldn't come here to begin with. We were a little late to our reservation, but the hostess gave us no hassle at all. Our waitress was very friendly and honest. (She advised against the $35/oz Kobe beef. Said it wasn't worth it.) The service was a little on the slow side, but as long as you have a full drink and good company, who cares? My husband wasn't that crazy about his wasabi sea bass. He thought it was too spicy, but he's also a very bland eater. I tried it and I thought it was good. The drinks were perfect. They have a great saki list, of course, and a sommelier who is a little uptight and very serious about giving good service. The restaurant has a view of the Tryst waterfall, which is beautiful. Request a table with a view.
4	Seeing as I'm a self proclaimed sushi snob, last year the boyfriend took me here to celebrate New Years.  Grub:  I wish I can comment on the sushi itself as it was nearly a year ago, but my mind still lingers on the juicy flanks of beef carpaccio seared to perfection.  We also ordered the Kobe / Wagyu beef wrapped with bacon which was equally succulent and paired it with a round of Sake.  Highly recommended!Service:  Our waiter was decent.  Though she did nothing wrong to deserve to be reprimanded, she also did nothing more than the typical greeting you would normally receive at your local Denny's.  For a place that is rated 5 stars and charges an arm and a leg for its dishes, I guess I expected a little more effort in terms of service.   Ambiance:  For me, it was reflective of Yamashiro's in Hollywood minus the 360 degree city view.  Encompassing elements of the Japanese garden in its interior, the restaurant was serene and well decorated.  The gigantic waterfall situated in the center of the restaurant didn't hurt either.  Price:  In total, our meal cost around $250 for two people.  Was it worth it?  Perhaps the Wagyu beef and Kobe flanks...... but seeing as I don't remember Didly Squat about the sushi platters, I assume it was nothing too special.
5	Many reviews of Okada are for the sushi, but I think the restaurants real strength is in the composed dishes and the robata. I have not tried the teppan yaki, so I cannot comment on it. We were there Friday night for my birthday. We ordered a number of hot and cold dishes (all "small plates") plus some robata skewers. The best robata were the tiger prawns and the eggplant. The mushroom salad was wonderful -- very complex and subtle set of flavors. The black cod was also wonderful. We had a bottle of champagne with  dinner, and it was absolutely the right complement. Received free pineapple panna cottas as dessert (since it was my b-day.) Nice touch, but the panna cotta was actually too cold and firm. The only blemish in a great meal.The dining room is beautiful (reservations a must), but the robata bar might be the most fun place to sit for a more casual meal. Service was a little slow to start, but wait staff were very engaged and excited about the food they were serving.
3	I find this place to be a bit too hyped up for what it's really worth. I think honestly the food is probably 4 stars but the price is 2 stars so coupled with the service I'm going to give this place 3 stars. Came here with a party of four for dinner because the girls wanted a nice Asian place to visit on our trip to Vegas. I made reservations at this place, which is a little annoying because everywhere in the Wynn you must call to make reservations. I wish they had an online system, it would make life so much simpler! We arrived and promptly got seated. The place wasn't packed and service was prompt and very professional. I enjoyed the atmosphere but paid dearly for it. For two shared appetizers (i.e. I only paid for half), one entree and no drinks it came out to be $88/person. The girls decided to split a sake which was $100/bottle and it wasn't really a premium sake either. I thought my appetizers were good, but the dishes were tiny and the main entree was small too. It didn't feed me so I guess was good for the club later but I was quite disappointed that although it was fresh, it was nothing special. I didn't enjoy paying so much for "nothing special" since I could just get that elsewhere. If you're a true sushi fan, don't come here for sushi.
2	Sad to do this but this used to be a solid choice for Japanese in Vegas. Went there this weekend and I can say the food was so/so to okay. The chawan mushi was good. None of that makes up for the poor service and awkwardness from our waitress. She showed up confused, realized she was confused and literally disappeared for 5 minutes.Other staff eventually noticed we were looking around for a while and came to ask if our waitress had appeared. Once she did return, there was no mention or apology for her disappearance, and a smooth transition back to her awkward service. It was so awkward, the last time I felt that way was at a junior high dance. I'll pass.
5	this is the best sushi restaurant ever!food is great, and the decor is amazing!make sure that you reserve a table right next to the water falls.
5	I REALLY enjoyed this place.  Located right above Tryst at the Wynn. Seldom do I come to Vegas to enjoy a nice dinner but since we were staying at The Encore we def wanted to embrace it.  We made reservations from our room the day before and got fancied up for the meal.  We sat in a section where we could enjoy the waterfall outside which was really pretty.  It was just about dark so all the lights were twinkling. I was impressed by the decor, service, taste of food but most of all how QUICK they were.  It was pretty jam packed in there so we assumed that it was gonna be a long wait.  Not at all.  Granted this is Japanese food so it SHOULD be quick but you never know. You could have the option for dining at the sushi bar, regular dining, or the Tapenyaki (where they cook it in front of you)  We did the regular dining.  We ordered the following: - Cucumber and seaweed salad (nothing special about it- probably shoulda went with the lobster miso since that sounded different) - Spicy Rock Shrimp (OMFG!!!!!!! The sauce is sooooo good) - Dragon Roll (plenty of it came) Grilled seadiver scalllops (very juicy)- Green Tea Creme Brulee (a must as well) This place was amazing.  I would def come back again to try the other dishes here.  Perfect place to come with a date or a group of friends.  Sake bomb?  I'll do that next time ;)
3	I've been to Okada several times and each time it was the same. It is located right above Tryst nightclub so sometimes when you are coming out from the restaurant you'll see a bunch of people waiting in line to get into the club.The meals were usually average, nothing stood out in particular.Everyone seemed to enjoy the Kobe beef. I've tried all different sorts and the portion size was for a chihuahua. It amazes how much some places will charge an arm and give you a pinkie.Also, the service wasn't all that great. However, the decor was impressive especially especially outside where the waterfall is.I believe each time we ate there the bill usually came out to roughly $1,000 and over depending on the size of the group.If you are a couple, it'll be anywhere from $550-$800 not including tip. Be prepared to spend an arm and a leg.
3	I researched which sushi place to celebrate my birthday and I couldn't decide between Sushi Roku or Okada...we ended up going to both but on different nights.  We went to Okada on a Saturday evening and made reservations for a party of 7.  I was a liittle apprehensive when the person making the reservation wanted a credit card to hold the reservation and was told I would be charged $50pp if we were a no show!  Wow!  Never heard of that before. I was about to cancel but  I was very curious about the restaurant, so I kept my reservation anyway.We ended up ordering from the prix fix menu at $49pp for 3 course meal and ordering sushi rolls and drinks on top of that.  I thought the food was OK...nothing really memorable.  I ordered the white sea bass and was hoping it would be as fabulous as the one at Tao, but it was a bit bland and not tasty like Tao. The appetizers were all very good though.   The sushi rolls were OK...nothing memorable either.  The only reason I give it an add'l star is due to its superb service.  Service was exceptional!  We all enjoyed our time at Okada and the drinks seemed to help.  I really enjoyed the Lychee Martini.
5	I am always so mystified when I find a sushi place that is this AMAZING and it  is in a land locked state!! It was to die for. We are huge Spicy Tuna fans and Okada's Spicy Tuna was out of this world yummy. The Spicy Rock shrimp was sooooo good too. And the Lobster Miso was full of Lobster for a very reasonable price. We would definitely go here again!
4	This was quite possibly the best japanese meal I have ever had.  I have never in my life eaten so much oh toro, uni, and ama-ebi in one meal.  And all so fresh!  We got a private room since we had a large group of 10.  The room had a lovely view of the giant waterfall.  It was our first meal in Vegas and we went a little crazy ordering food.  They pretty much have every Japanese food item you could possibly want.  They put together a special sashimi platter for us with all the good stuff that I like and I was deliriously happy eating from all 4 platters. I very much enjoyed the food and the environment but the entire meal came out to over $3,000 for 10 people.  Not exactly bang for your buck kind of place but hey, when I'm not paying for it... why not! It was definitely a 5 star experience but the price tag = -1 star.
1	Honestly, this was one of the worst experiences I've ever had with a restaurant in Las Vegas or anywhere for that matter.  The service was horribly slow and rude.  We could forgive all that if the food matched up to all its previous reviews but it didn't.  We are regular sushi eaters at Nobu, Hyakumi, etc and found the sushi here subpar.  Salmon tasted fishy (hard to screw up salmon), the cut of the kanpachi very unsavory  and chewy with skin intact and the king crab not fresh at all.  Given we did go on a Sunday and you know they're probably not getting fish delivered on Sundays.  We also tried a handful of appetizers.  The grilled King crab was very good (but expensive at $25) for a small piece and husband said filet mignon robayaki was very good as well.  I think overall for price/value/quality, I'm sticking with my one star.  You can get so much better fish and rolls elsewhere.  Nice decor though.  But if that's what you're after, hang out in the lobby......
5	Top 5 favorite Sushi restaurants. YUMMMMM!First and last time that I will ever eat beef sashimi (only because I spent 20 years as a vegetarian, and get queasy when I think about it)
4	I'm a huge fan of this spot. It was gorgeous, I felt like I was taken away to a secret restaurant in a bamboo forest. Our view was of the waterfall, but i think it's hard not to have that view, unless you are sitting over by the sushi, teppanyaki bar.As with most sushi restaurants of this quality the fish is always fresh, it's all a matter of creativity, service and environment. We had some very solid maki, no falling rice, and fresh wasabi, the stand out was the Chilean sea bass.Our waitress was from japan and has the cutest accent and was everything you imagine a Japanese waitress to be like, a little offbeat but really courteous.We chatted during our dessert about her daughter and living in vegas..because my only complaint was their signature dessert was awful, dry, weird and not cute. She didnt like it either.
4	Our party of four had reservations at 8pm on Thursday, March 4, 2010 here because the birthday boy wanted Japanese food and we planned on heading to Tryst after dinner.  The original plan was to make reservations for 10 on a Friday night.  Unfortunately, for parties of 8 or more, you need to go through an event planner who told us we would have to be in the "private room" and minimum spent was $2000.AMBIANCE:  Okada is a lightly dimmed restaurant, not too dark, but not too much light.  You walk in to be greeted by the hostess on the right and the sushi bar a little bit further to your left.  We were seated almost immediately in a large circular booth with round table.  Three of us were to sit in the booths while one was placed on the outer portion of the table in a regular chair, an odd setup in my opinion.  The noise level was kept to a minimum so there was no problem keeping conversation to only our table. FOOD:-Fresh Oysters:  I personally don't eat raw oysters, but two of my friends do.  5 small oysters came out on a half shell (2 different kinds) sitting on ice.  I will admit, the oysters actually looked delicious (which my friends said they were)-Octopus Sushi (2 pieces):  They were good, but tasted the same as if you were at a regular Japanese restaurant.-Grilled Oysters (2 pieces on the half shell):  They were the exact same kind as the raw oysters but cooked.  The oysters were yummy and full of flavor, although quite expensive.  I believe it was $8 for two small oysters.  -California Roll (8 pieces I believe): Honestly, no different from eating them at a regular Japanese restaurant-Tempura (we ordered 2 orders):  A great assortment which included 3 pieces of shrimp, bell pepper, okra, potato, yam...pretty much all the traditional pieces.  They gave each of us a dish of tempura sauce.-Scallops with Spicy Miso Sauce (Entree):  The scallops were cooked PERFECTLY!!  Unfortunately, there were only 3 pieces of scallops (see photo) so you really had to indulge and pace yourself to keep yourself from inhaling it all at once.   Although it's a "spicy miso" sauce, the sauce was not spicy, but it was quite delicious and flavorful.  ADDITIONAL INFO:  I'm allergic to fish (yeah, I know - allergic and I'm at a sushi restaurant), but my friends did order the Sashimi which were cut up in CHUNKS which were humongous.  Fois Gras, chicken teriyaki, and a fish entree was also ordered by my friends.  Portion sizes are small, so don't be surprised when you need to order additional plates (which we did).SERVICE:  I give our waitress an A.  She was great, she was so nice!  We ordered more food as we went along and she would come by every once in a while to check and see if we wanted anything else.  As the birthday boy got up to use the bathroom, we told her that it was our friend's 30th birthday.  As he came back and before the check came, she brought out a custard dessert which said "Happy 30th Birthday" (see photo).PRICING:  Overall our bill came out to about $325, not including tip, for 4 people.  This included all food plus 3 beers and a cocktail.
5	Steve Wynn did it again! Eating here is an experience one would never forget. From the moment you walk in, you're transported to some desert island with a beautiful view of a waterfall and a lagoon. No matter where you sit, you have a spectacular view. From the drinks from the bar, to the dinner, to the dessert.....everything is pure perfection! I wanted to savor every little bite since it was all like heaven. I will be back here for sure and would recommend it to anyone that loves great food in a beautiful location. Can't think of one negative thing to say. Pure Perfection Steve Wynn Style!!!
5	Third time here and each time it delivers. We devoured Toro, including a top end toro above Oh and Chu grade that was ridiculously buttery (can't remember the name, but the appearance was radically different than the Chu). The sashimi platter was great with albacore being a surprise winner. The robata offerings were very good, ranging from brilliant (the beef tenderloin) to the bland (fingerling potatoes). As always great service, beautiful setting.
4	I really enjoyed my dinner here.  The service was fantastic.  I had teppanyaki, which is offered as a prix fixe menu with mixed green salad, miso soup, your choice of protein (steak, scallops, shrimp, lobster, chilean sea bass, etc.), and dessert.  Surprisingly, the chilean sea bass was the cheapest offering at $60 for the prix fixe, and that is what I had because I love the taste and texture of the fish.I rated Okada 4-stars based on this one experience with the teppanyaki, which was very good.  But without having tried the sashimi here, 4-stars is as high as I could go for now since my current 5-star experience is reserved for Morimoto in Philly.  I hope to try out what everyone else has written about in their experiences.  Until next time.
1	I've eaten at probably all the fine places Las Vegas has to offer and i have to say I didn't expect a bad experience with this one (especially after reading the reviews).Pros: Nice staffCons: Nice staff but my particular waiter lacked menu knowledgePros: Nicely decorated restaurant ;)Cons: Sushi overfilled with rice and has no special taste.By the time we had our third roll I figured might as well just load up on drinks because I was getting no excitement with the food. Drinks were mediocre.In conclusion, more cons then pros. Not recommended. Go to Social House instead, way better in all aspects!
5	Okada - A HaikuRolls and Sashimi A Sake SomalieThat is how I rollLets get this out of the way. Okada is a in the Wynn Hotel and Casino. On the Strip. In Las Vegas, Nevada. That means that it costs about five times more than it should. So if your not prepared for that, you should move on. But you are in Vegas, on the Strip. So you should be prepared for that. And if you are, your in for a treat. This place is a high class joint. Great decor and ambiance. Like most of these places in Vegas it is an interesting blend of the high rollers and the people who have no idea what they are in for that wandered in off the strip. They will soon find out that they are in for a treat. Okada has a Sake Somalie. A single person knowledgable in all things Sake. This has its benefits. A few quick questions and you will have a truly delicious bottle to compliment your dinner. The food was all fantastic. The menu has all different kinds of Japanese Cuisine. We ordered a bunch of things as a table. A few platters of sushi, a few of sashimi, some tempura and a few other things to share. That made it very easy for all of us to share and get a good variety. But if you are more of an entre guy, there is plenty of Fish and Kobe Beef to go around. We were in for the long haul. A couple solid hours of chow for me and the boys. After the food, I topped it off with an espresso and a Green Tea Creme Brule. Absolutely fantastic. Listen, in Vegas there are literally hundred of great places for a group to eat. There are probably 50 places with a similar menu. But this place gets  the nod. It was a fabulous experience and I will definitely be back.
4	Girlfriend and I decided on Okada after seeing the line at the Wynn buffet. We sat at the bar, being in a hurry to see Mystere right after. Food is overall very good. We started with some seared kobe carpaccio and oyster shooters. They were both very good. Kobe carpaccio was very tender as expected, but slightly fridge-cold. Oyster shooter had the right sweetness. Quail egg was fresh, oyster was a bit strong but overall very satisfying, with some good sake.Green tea was also excellent and came in the traditionally heavy, iron-cast tea pot.Shared a lobster miso with the girlfriend, that was excellent! Real and generous lobster pieces were at the bottom. Got the sushi platter and sea-bass as main course. Sushi was good, though not as tear-bringing as the top sushi places in LA. Chef did a good job with the presentation though. Also asked for extra blue fin toro, which was excellent. Sea-bass was soft and melted in the mouth as expected. Slightly pricey, but worth the experience. Excellent service.
2	Let's just say this may be the most beautiful restaurant I've ever been to. That was about the extent of my good times here. The service was polite and attentive but they were more there to just hand us plates then actually serve us. I made a comment to here about a course of the tasting menu that I felt was unsatisfactory. Her response was to explain that the chef was trying something new and trying to be innovative. Yeah that's great and all but when I'm paying over $300 bucks on a meal for two then it better at least be good. Basically there was a sushi course on the tasting menu and what came out for that course? A ball of rice with a piece of asparagus on top of it. Now I know technically that is considered sushi but with such a high price you should at least get some damn fish. I made a comment about it to the waitress and like I said earlier instead of her making it right and sending me out some real sushi she just played it off like it was no big deal. Anyway, there wasn't much I enjoyed here besides the cocktails and when I got the bill I couldn't believe so little could cost so much. I'm sure if I would have just stuck to sushi I probably would have been happy since it seemed everybody at the sushi bar was. However when I order the chef's tasting menu I expect the best of what he has to offer.
4	4.5 stars.  Half star reduced due to nigiri size.  Obviously prices are high here but food sourcing is taken seriously.  The Wagyu beef was very nice as was the beef on the Robatayaki and the grilled beef salad.  Rolls were good and yes this place is pricey with smaller portions like any high end place.  Just be prepared for that when you arrive...no monster sushi here but I thought even for the high end, cut the nigiri a little larger!
5	Wonderful food.
5	AB-SO-LUTE-LY AMAZING!!   Quite possibly the best Japanese cuisine I've ever experienced!! Food so fresh and rich in taste that I considered never brushing my teeth again. But that would've been gross, so I did.  And now I'm sad. Had dinner here last month when the wife and I took a trip to Vegas.  A friend of ours insisted on taking us here and when the waiter handed us menus, he handed them back - instead, asking for the "omakase".  Omakase is Japanese for "it's up to you" and it usually means you let the chef prepare a custom menu for you.   My friend told the waiter to not spare anything - bring out the biggest and best of what you've got.   Started the night off right with the Yellowtail Jalapeno Chile ($25) - thin slices of yellowtail topped with thin slices of fresh jalapeno chilies, tomatoes, cilantro and a spicy, ponzu sauce.  Effing delicious! Next was the Variation of Tartars ($20) - tuna, salmon, yellowtail tartar served in a crispy taro chip fried like a taco!  This was such a fun and creative way to serve the tartar.  Loved it!Up next was the Sashimi Platter ($40) - pieces of chu toro, tuna, salmon, yellowtail and albacore arranged on a platter.  They were all delicious and VERY fresh, but the star of the platter was the CHU TORO!  Chu Toro is the medium fatty part of the tuna found near the skin of the belly and back.  It's got a great, smooth texture and a clean, almost sweet flavor.  This is like, sashimi gold.Next, was a sushi roll that was named after the restaurant.  The "Okada Roll" ($38) is topped with grilled lobster and stuffed with asparagus, avocado, and yup- more lobster!  This was the most decadent sushi roll I've ever eaten.  It was also the most expensive, but come on!  There's a ton of lobster!  They even include several separate pieces of grilled lobster on the platter for you.  Yummy.Next was the Robatayaki grill.  We were brought kebabs of Cipollini onions ($4), Zucchini ($4), Shishito Peppers ($5), and Giant Sea Scallops. They were all good, but the only thing I thought that was worth ordering next time were the scallops.   I cant even begin to tell you how AB-SO-FREAKIN'-LUTELY EPIC the next course was.  The waiter asks us if we want to try "Omi".  "What's Omi?" we ask.  You've heard of Kobe?  Wagyu?  Japan's finest beef?  Well... Omi blows both of them out of the water.  Where as real Kobe or Wagyu can cost up to $25 per ounce, the market price for genuine Omi is $35 per ounce.  That's $560 per pound!!!   We order 5oz. of Omi ($175) and ask for it to be cooked rare.  You really don't want to overcook these fine meats - otherwise, you'll lose the fat which contributes to the flavor and texture of the steak.   When that little piece of steak came out we were all excited.  It was barely the size of my palm and yet, $175 worth of beef was in front of me.  I took my first bite...  Oh Em Eff Gee!!  Are you kidding me?!?!  It was probably the best thing I will ever put in my mouth! (sorry, honey) I'm not sure how else to describe it.  Super delicate..  bursting with natural flavor..  just..  wonderful.   If I'm ever on death row, they better honor my request for Omi. Our final course for the evening was the Grilled Sake Soy Chilean Sea Bass ($30) - a filet of buttery, Chilean sea bass topped with cilantro and served on a wasabi-cucumber salsa.  It was great and Chilean sea bass is probably my favorite fish to eat cooked, but let's be honest.  How does ANY dish follow up that Omi beef?!?Service was outstanding, as was expected of a restaurant this caliber.  Okada has been awarded back-to-back AAA Four Diamond awards - the standard of excellence in the restaurant industry - and it's no wonder why. Pros: Food is OUTSTANDING, service was very accommodating, beautiful decor and atmosphereCons:  pretty expensive, but what can you expect in Vegas?  This is as good as it gets.
5	I had a great time at Okada while waiting for Le Reve to start. It's a beautiful restaurant, and the sushi is also excellent. The service is great, too. The server dropped my sushi plate and broke it all over my table, and though it was unpleasant, she took good care of it by cleaning it up, giving me a new dish and also complementary dessert at the end. After your meal I recommend that you take a walk outside around the restaurant and enjoy the beautiful view of the water as well.I would go back to Okada for sure if I ever crave sushi again while in Vegas.
4	We tried Okada to see if this fine dining restaurant is worth the Robatayaki Grill like we had in Japan.  The atmosphere is beautiful and love the contemporary design. We sat at the Sushi/Robatayaki bar so we can have a look at the way they grill the food. The food we ordered were:Gulf Shrimp $6 a pieceChicken Wings $5 a pieceSea Bass $7  a pieceBeef Tenderloin $7 a pieceShitaki Mushroom $4 a pieceSquid $6 a pieceWe also had some Hamachi nigiri and the fish was excellent!We just didn't order 1 piece of everything, we ordered at least 2 to 3 pieces of our favorites, which was really pricey. The food was amazing, but from looking at the total of our bill, I would much rather go to Raku or En Sushi.About the same quality, but at Okada you are really paying for atmosphere and dining at Wynn. I probably won't come back because it is too pricey for my liking, but if you have the dinero to splurge, Okada is really good!
5	Excellent atmosphere and food. The raw oyster is to die for.
4	I still cant give it five stars because that is reserved for the hot spots in japan. but, four stars is just as good as five in my book for sushi here in the states.in any case, this was and is my favorite restaurant in las vegas and that says a lot considering there are many. I absolutely loved the fatty tuna and the sashimi platter which was in the fourty or fifty buck range.food is of highest quality and I gotta say, I had some of the best uni here than anywhere else in los angeles where I live. I will definitely return to okada over and over again.
1	This will be my first review with one star. Usually, if it is not five stars I will not write about it. I want people to be aware of the sushi/fish quality here is extremely poor to be charging ridiculous prices on the poor quality of their sushi/fish!!! We ordered sashimi: Toro, tuna, salmon, yellowtail. Also, unagi & grilled seabass. I can't not stressed how cold the sashimi were and toro oh was stringy!!! I've never been so upset with my sashimi especially going to a place where they considered themselves as fine dinning and it is at the Wynn???The worst part was our server who only check on us ONCE the entire time we were there before walking over the bill to us.  Our server should really be ashame of himself! He walked over the bill and  started conversing with my friend, how he overheard my friend is from Hawaii. The server said he is from Hawaii as well. He stood there the entire time talking about Hawaii & never even gave us any privacy with the bill. Our server was aware that we need to be on our way to Aria for the Elvis show.  He stood there and made my friend feel uncomfortable I am sure of that.  Basically, he was trying to work hard on the tips. I am sure my friend tipped him well. Hawaiians, they treat other Hawaiians like family. Everyone know somebody directly or indirectly in Hawaii. Our server stood there the entire time waiting for my friend to pay the bill. He should be really ashame of himself!!! BTW, my friend got sick after dinner :(
4	The sushi quality is great. The service is top notch. The atmosphere and decor are great -- the kind of place you can easily bring a date and have a romantic night. Things here are on the pricier side though. Ultimately, it's another sushi place. Your sushi ain't made of gold leaf. I'd give 5 stars if the food was a bit cheaper.
4	-Beautiful waterfall view!-FRESH real wasabi-FRESH fish-great service-waaay too overpriced for what it wasthat is why there is a 4 star rating instead of the 5 star. I spent over $140 for two people and left not as full as I like to be. But Hey it's Vegas right?
5	This has to be my favorite sushi place. The fish is so fresh and the service is great. I would recommend ordering sashimi because its the best of the best. The view is a plus with the waterfall in the background. The lobster miso is very good. The best non dish I had that was memorable and that I always get is the Japanese Mushroom Salad: enoki, shitake, shimeji mushroom, water chestnuts, mache, radicchio.  It's soo good. the flavors are so full and bursting with flavor. My mouth is watering just thinking of it. Overall my experience here has always been great and I always leave happy.
4	Wynn/Encore Appetizer Crawl: Part 2For our second stop on our app crawl we wanted to hit up SW Steakhouse, but the bar area was full so we headed to Okada. Even though it was also busy, we found 4 seats at the sushi bar.Our order:- seared tuna: excellent dish. It's very lightly seared.- yellowtail w/ salsa: delicate, delicious, and spicy- spicy scallop roll: I'm normally not a fan of rolls with scallops, but these were tasty.Portions are small but the quality is very good. Service was quick and attentive.
3	This review is for the teppanyaki, NOT the sushi.I booked this place for my birthday weekend in Vegas and had no idea what I was getting myself into. From what I had read,  it was a fancier version of Benihana.This place is about 3 times more expensive than Benihana, and well worth it? ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhh....There were high points and low points to the meal, and by all means if you want a teppan meal experience this is the best place. Just be prepared to pay an arm and a leg for it. Don't get me wrong, the food was pretty damn delicious (i ordered the Lobster with a side of Diver Scallops), but once again, $90 for a single lobster tail and another $20 for a side of scallops is pretty effin' steep.High's : Atmosphere and decor; When you sit at the teppan grill table, you have two massive windows overlooking the many waterfalls surrounding the resort.The appetizers your meal comes with were also delectable. The salad with the japanese purple potato was a nice touch.Our chef was a heavily accented japanese man who knew what he was doing. All too often at places like this you can get stuck with someone who can't cook for sh*t.Their sake selection is LEGIT.Low's:$$$$$$$$$$$$. Everything is extremely expensive, I mean REALLY. $90 for the lobster tail dinner.$60 for the organic chicken dinner, etc.The fried rice (+$10) is not up to par. In fact, the $3.50 fried rice @ Benihana is tastier, no joke. Although my friends and I had a great time, it should be expected from an establishment in this price range. I am all about high quality food and am willing to pay the price for it, but it is a bit beyond quality and almost to the point of being flat out ridiculous.However,I hear their sushi is great and decently priced ;)
4	Read: DaaaaankThough perhaps they would like to be described with classier words such as 'good quality' or 'high class', I'm not a very classy person on most accounts.We had a large large party so we took one of the private rooms in the back.  Apparently we were eating the Chef's selection, though not the one on the menu.  Here's one thing that boggles my mind.  How sashimi in Vegas can be more fresh than Sashimi found in west LA.  Regardless, the sashimi was quite fresh.  The lobster sashimi had a bed of gold flakes on top.  GOLD FLAKES.  So you mean I'll be crapping out gold.  Oooook. The yellowtail, uni, salmon, oyster, and toros were all fresh and fresh could be.  Perhaps the have a huge ass salt tank somewhere in the Wynn ... I must find it.  The foie gras was also amazing.  Seared to perfection and paired delectably with bbq eel, green onions and daikon.  A pretty picture indeed. The wagyu sirloin melted in my mouth, and possibly dance and sung its way into my belly.  The abalone was well complemented by the garlicky sauce and the yellow tail carpaccio came with a plate licking sauce with a nice kick at the end.  The lobster miso had crazy large chunks of lobster, though the miso wasn't quite as potent with the flavors of fermented joy.  The fried riced is definitely a dish I would hope the chef would take back - how do you screw up fried rice?  For dessert, don't forget to order the green tea creme brulee.  It's got quite a nice nutty taste and velvety texture.  The mochi ice creams are also pretty delish.
5	Every now and then I abandon my vegetarian lifestyle for some really, REALLY amazing sushi....please don't judge....besides, fish aren't even that cute...This happens about twice a year...and it only happens for restaurants like Okada...where I know it'll be worth it. I was in town for work and met a few friends at the bar for excessive eating and drinking. The restaurant is gorgeous and overlooks the beautiful Wynn waterfall...I actually really enjoyed sitting at the bar...the ambiance was more relaxed and I was a lot closer to the booze...We ordered the following to share:Vegetable Tempura ($18)- you can't really screw up fried veggies....this was greatShrimp Tempura Roll w/ Spicy Tuna on top ($15)- Omg....this is what love tastes like....this roll was so incredible we had 3 (feel free to call us drunken hefers) Yellowtail Jalapeno Chile Salsa ($25)- this was a spicy party in my mouth. YUMMushroom Skewers ($5)- mind you these "skewers" are $5 for 3 tiny grilled mushrooms....pretty good thoughZucchini Skewers ($5)- LovedI know we ordered a ton of other stuff but I was way too drunky at that point to remember. Total bill for 5 of us came out $550 after tax and tip. All in all a really amazing meal. Will definitely be back when it's time for me to cheat on my vegetarian ways again =)
4	This palce was great, the food, service,price ,were great the decore was fabulous , i felt like they had a real asian feel there. I am not a big sushi person, but they may have made me a fan .it was for a fiends 30th birthday party and they let us bring in our own cake wich was the best.i will be back soon i will post what i had there soon.
2	I came here with a group for dinner. The view is absolutely amazing!! An indoor restaurant with an opening to a waterfall view. Kassay was our waiter, and he was wonderful!! He gives really good service and even offered to take a picture for us in front of the view. Other than Kassay and the view, everything else kind of suck. The food is over priced and it's just ok. AND there were bugs in our beers!! 3 times in 3 glasses! The manager came out and was not very nice about it considering there's bugs in our drinks! He said that since the restaurant has an opening view there's nothing they can do about it.. Wow, -1 for customer service from Mr. Manager.
3	This review is only for the Robatayaki portion of the restaurant. And It's been a bout a year since I've been there...I remember the service being great... Some of the best I've received.  Though, it may have been, that my father made friends with the matrie'd and I was there with my father. I don't know, all I know is that we were well taken care of.As far as the food - We sat and enjoyed the Robatayaki station.  It was good very good... But with the way the place is laid out, having Teppanyaki, Sushi AND Robatayaki, I felt the place was too ambitious and didn't focus/specialize on anything in particular... I've had both better and worse Robatayaki, and next time I'm in Vegas and craving some skewered Japanese stylized meats, I'll definitely be heading here - But I think I'd rather find somewhere that specializes in 1 style of food.
4	This place is so Wynn!(Apologies, I learned that phrase from some of my students in a Japanese class I was teaching.--I just had to use it!)I finally have a place to satisfy my relentless hunger for sushi on the strip!The sushi was excellent. Order the Special Sushi Plate ($46)!!! For the price, the best sushi I have ever eaten. ootoro & uni are worth it alone, not to mention everything else you get! Wife ordered the sea bass in parchment. I didn't get even the slightest taste. I turned around and it was gone. Absolutely delicious, but I wouldn't know... The spider roll was so-so, and the dragon roll again, so-so; The spicy ahi roll, again just ok. I do want to STRESS that the nigiri is exceptional. The su is perfect and the cuts are excellent. Just as good as most places in Nihon, and much much cheaper!We also ordered a lot off the robatayaki side. We ate the mixed plate: sea bass, shishito, imported wagyu, onions and shiitakes.. then we ate the eryngiis, chicken and scallops. Everything was very well done, however, a little too much salt. We sent the shishitos back because they were overcooked, but came back just right. One of the cooks was getting a few plates returned and a manager spoke with him about it. I think that was the only downside to the place. If the robatayaki had been as well polished as the sushi, easily a 5 star place!
2	What a let down!!!  We were so excited to try Okada after reading reviews on Yelp.  Rolls weren't horrible but nothing spectacular.  The restaurant feels small and cramped.  I'll stick to Social House and Sushi Samba.
4	I really like Okada. The atmosphere is awesome and varied (you can look at 200 year old pomegranate trees, waterfalls or peaceful water. Also varied are the different types of food you can enjoy here, all of which are excellent most of the time.There is sushi (try the Okada roll with lobster) and rabatayaki and tapanyaki (not sure of the spelling but the first one is Japanese BBQ and the second is the big flat hot table grill type deal). The rabatayaki is awesome and I especially like the braised short rib (though sometimes it can be overly fatty).The sushi is well done, the big rooms for tapanyaki are lots of fun for groups or kids, and there's a wonderful selection of sakis to try.
5	OMG! This place is gorgeous... I am not a raw sushi person, so I got teppanyaki and robatayaki (hope I spelled that right). The view is amazing and the service superb. If you have a special occassion, they have this lily pad outside that seats up to 8 people in the middle of the water. So beautiful... everything about Okada says beauty.
5	Let me preface my take by giving full disclosure.  I came here with a client of mine who is a high roller.  So we got all the high end stuff and it was all comped.  So we got toro, foie gras, and kobe beef.  Its simply not possible to give anything less than 5 stars when you have that kind of menu.  We sat down at the teppanyaki grill.  The kobe beef is absolutely positively the best thing I've ever eaten in my life.  For those of you who have not tried it,, it is indescribable.  It tastes like the best fattiest beef ever but the texture is really that of butter.  If you close your eyes and put a piece in your mouth you would never guess its meat.  It is unlike anything you will ever have.  The foie was just as I like it.  Kinda charred on the outside but rich and creamy on the inside.Obviously this review is not representative of what a normal meal would be.  But I can only comment on what I've had and it was 5 stars all the way.
2	I have been here numerous times. It is beautiful with waterfalls, etc. On this go round, the food was average. The main reason for only two stars was the price. This place went though the roof! $70 for shrimp and fried rice! After multiple visits, I won't be back.
4	Oh you fancy huh? I like fancy, what's Vegas if you can't go all out now and again?I was whisked away for my birthday weekend and when it came to dinner on Saturday I knew it'd be large. My lady doesn't skimp, especially around birthday times. So wherever we ended up I was positive I'd be in for a treat and Okada was definitely on the money.Love the interior; calm, upscale, swanky kinda feel you'd expect from a top restaurant at the Wynn. Gorgeous setup, great call having windows facing the waterfall, it's hypnotizing. Love the displayed sake bottles across the wall too, just taunting me towards alcoholism. Food wise even though the menu was meat heavy there are a plethora of vegan options. I feel like a lot of high end restaurants are inflexible on their menu, saying "Hey, this is our menu, take it or leave it." But Okada gave a separate menu where they had all their vegan items listed out, and on top of that the server gave me a slew of additional options that were on the standard menu and could be altered to fit the vegan way. Lack of butter here, leaving out the bonito there. I sipped my crazy good ginger soju cocktail while perusing the menus. With the special selections and alterations I was offered there were WAY too many things for me to try which is definitely a good thing. If you have a loved one that has any other major allergen, fish/soy/wheat/etc they have a special menu for them too. Awwww, they do care.Just a great time, the mushroom salad specifically blew me away. I swear I'd roll through again and just order 5 of those, I got it sans butter of course. Mouthwatering type of deliciousness those mushrooms.Ended with a nice glass of VSOP and a complimentary bowl of sorbets, everything perfect. They even spelled out 'happy birthday' drizzled in chocolate around the bowl. Good times thanks to Okada, but more importantly of course, thanks to my lady.
4	4.5 stars... Mmmm.... I would give this place 5 stars, but Zushi Puzzle SF is still #1 in my heart. I LOVE the Wynn. Okada is a good place to go for a romantic, fancy dining experience in Las Vegas. the restaurant has huge windows which overlooks the waterfall. It is truly beautiful. As for the food, the sushi is pretty fresh, good selections. However, I think the other dishes is what makes this restaurant. The standard stuff is great, robata is good, but you can get that almost anywhere that cares about quality. But Ishizawa is why you come to Okada. He is a genius. Try some of the hot or cold dishes -I love the wagyu tataki, the alaskan king crab, or the sweet miso cod. Yum! I hear their teppanyaki is also delicious. Also, their desserts here are soo good. Really good mochi, chocolate duo, chocolate crunch. If you're in Vegas on the strip, looking for a japanese restaurant, come here over Yellowtail in Bellagio. Definitely expensive tho -so eater beware!
2	Sorry, Okada.  This time was so incredibly disappointing.  Well- maybe because we went to the teppanyaki part of the restaurant.  SO MEDIOCRE.  I was expecting much better since I had such a great experience last time.  So totally overpriced (as expected in Vegas) for all the teppan dishes.  We ordered some sashimi on the side but it wasn't as fresh as I remembered from the prior year.  Sigh- I think Okada has gone down hill.
4	My wife and I recently spent 5 nights at the Wynn and figuring that we would be tired the day we arrived, scheduled a reservation for Okada.  The restaurant space was very pretty with a great view of the nearby waterfall.  We both opted for the Omakase which had courses representing all of the different elements of the restaurant.  It was not the best we've ever had (that would be O-Ya in Boston), but everything was quite good.  The service was excellent as well.  The price was very reasonable for what we got and this ended up being our cheapest dinner on our Vegas trip.  If you're staying at the Wynn, this is a great 1st night kind of place.
3	Only ate sushi and it was good, but not great.  I've had better at other LV hotels.  Had to keep checking back with the hostess about out seats at the sushi bar since they sat someone in front of us...Kinda annoying...
4	Foie gras excellent!!!  This is not a traditional ingredient for the Japanese, and it is what I needed to tip the scales.  It was a great suprise.  Specialty rolls are what differentiate sushi places.  It is hard to be creative when everything has been done before.  I am sorry, but if you complain and did not order their signature roll, you should have that complaint removed.  Don't come to a really good sushi restaurant and order california rolls and tempura shrimp.
5	This is what "premier" sushi should be.  The Wynn does so many things great.  I had the sashimi platter and it was all raw bait.  It was the freshest sashimi you can probably get.  The texture and flavor of the toro, uni, salmon, mirugai were just fantastic.  One of my all time favorite sushi places.  Dined with a large hot Saki,,,,,,blissss.
5	Favorite Japanese/Sushi place on the strip. Beautiful location in Wynn. Super friendly and helpful wait staff. Food is to die for. The sushi is super fresh. The Japanese mushroom salad is maybe #3 in my list of top ten things I have ever eaten. Seriously - you HAVE to get the mushroom salad if you eat here!Spicy popcorn rock shrimp are also AMAZINGReally beautiful view of a waterfall/garden through windows in winter and they open the doors up in summer. Remember - you have to get the mushroom salad!
5	First off, let's get the obvious out of the way- Okada is expensive, quite expensive. If you can get over that little detail, then Okada is excellent! My boyfriend and I went here for dinner for an amazing teppanyaki meal. The restaurant itself is beautiful; I'm in love with the entrance, as well as the water oasis outside. The teppanyaki area is beautiful as well- simple, nicely lit, very clean, and a great view of the garden/waterfall. We were seated at a Teppan grill where three gentlemen (businessmen to be exact) were already sitting. On a completely unrelated note, one of the first things I noticed was the giant stick, actually, block of butter laying next to the grill. Anyways, to start with, we ordered a bottle of cold sake. I don't remember which one, but my boyfriend mentioned its ridiculous markup rate (Something along the lines of a $50 bottle of sake priced at $125). Anyways, I thought the pitcher they poured the sake into to keep it cold was lovely, and I noticed that the sake glasses had the signature Wynn logo imprints (Steve Wynn really likes his last name...).We ordered from the Teppanyaki menu, which comes w/ Mizuna & edamame tofu green salad- delicious, I especially enjoyed the fried sweet potato chip on top and the fresh green tofu. Perfect, refreshing way to start the meal. Miso soup- No complaintsYour choice of Oshinko & Jidori egg pilaf (or Wasabi ochazuke for $10 extra) or Steamed rice (or Fried rice- shrimp, chicken or beef for $10 extra). Wasabi Ochazuke- a baked rice ball immersed in a savory broth made from tea and topped w/ an assortment of items. A simple dish packed w/ flavor and quite refreshing to eat before the main course. I enjoyed the side of Tsukemono and Umeboshi (Japanese pickles) that came w/ the dish. After looking over the menu some more, I chose the Maine Lobster for my entree, and my boyfriend chose the Colorado Lamb Loin rubbed in Japanese pepper and a side order of American Kobe Beef Tenderloin. Showtime! Our Teppan chef arrived w/ meats & an assortment of vegetables in tow. I was feeling friendly, so we started chatting. Our Teppan chef moved to Vegas from Hawaii, and has been working at Okada since it opened (I knew from that little fact that the food would be good). His favorite place to eat in Vegas is Ichiza, he isn't on Yelp...Okay, I think that's enough chef background for now...The chef gave us three sauce options for our entrees: Teriyaki, Wasabi cream & a sauce for seafood. We started w/ Rock Shrimps & Japanese Mushrooms w/ Sudachi Sauce, which was great. Shrimp Fried Rice- buttery, flavorful & so good. I loved how the fried rice had little nuggets of Japanese pickles in it, which actually worked, contrary to my thoughts before tasting the rice. Lobster- fresh from the tank, the lobster was so sweet & tender. Nothing more to say about this entree.Lamb- tender and perfectly-cookedTenderloin- so tender and flavorfulBy this point, we were stuffed, but we saved room for dessert (part of the Teppan course), which was a parfait of sorts made from chunks of mango & vanilla bean cream studded w/ tapioca pearls. A nice, light way to end the meal. Service was great, the food was delicious & the atmosphere was perfect. Overall, a memorable experience. I would come back to Okada if I get the chance.
2	Disclaimer: I'm a sushi snob.Okada is very underwhelming.  Hoping for a "go to" sushi place other than Bar Masa, which is all the way in City Center, we embarked upon Okada, only to be sorely disappointed.For a 9:30 reservation, they had us wait at the bar until 10 when we clearly saw open tables all around us.  I think it's one of those ploys to get you to order a cocktail to (1) increase profits and (2) sedate your taste buds so you'll think their food is better than it is.Don't get me wrong- if you're a regular Joe Schmoe looking for some tempura, a california roll, beef on a rock, and some seaweed salad (ohhh, how adventurous of you), then this will do the trick, but if you're looking for spectacular fresh sushi and innovative appetizers, don't go to Okada.The cocktails are made with shochu, which is weaker than vodka, so you can request a substitution, but they'll upcharge you an additional $5.  Also, they sat us by the back waterfall, which is pretty to look at, but had a bit of a draft.  When I mentioned how cold it was (I was in a dress and shivering), the waitress kindly offered me a pashmina, only to disappear for 20 minutes.  By the time she came around and I could kindly remind her, we were over it and just wanted to check.For people wanting FRESH sushi with better cocktails and better service, I suggest you truck it on over to Nobu (an oldie, but a goodie), or the new Bar Masa.
3	I had a pretty nice meal here the last time I was in Vegas.The sushi was good and the drinks were even better but overall, I think Okada is just a little over priced for the fare you get.At the time that we came there were no actual tables available so my girls & I just sat at the sushi bar but this was alright. I enjoyed watching the sushi chefs make everything right in front of me plus we got our sushi ASAP since we were sitting right there. I'm sure the dining room is even nicer but I didn't mind the bar since I just wanted to EAT.First I want to say that this place has the most amazing cocktail I have ever tried. If you love passion fruit, you HAVE to get the Black Rabbit. It is to die for. The best effing drink I have EVER had. This drink in itself was pretty much worth the trip to Okada. Seriously, like an orgasm in a glass. My seat was wet.Anywhooo aside from the mind blowing drinks, the sushi was pretty good. Very fresh and truly high quality fish. We ordered the yellow-tail, a classic California roll, a soft shell crab and a spicy tuna roll, their lobster miso soup and some vegetable tempura. My favorite was by far the yellow-tail. Deliciously tender and mild flavored. It was yummy. If I had to do it over again, I would just order a bunch of that.The soft shell crab roll on the other hand was underwhelming, it had an odd sort of flavor that  put me off. The California and spicy tuna rolls were good, but basic. I mean, if a place this fancy messed that up, I would be pretty shocked.The service was really off though because after we had eaten ALL the sushi we ordered, our miso soup finally showed up. I had really high expectations for it too because I read a really glowing review about it but overall it was just 'meh'. I guess I just prefer my miso soup plain and simple. The lobster was just too much, especially coming at the end of the meal it was overkill. Just a little too strongly flavored with a somewhat fishy taste that was not pleasant to meAlso the vegetable tempura showed up last and it was nothing special. Very greasy, bland coating. And when I took a bite out of one piece and then dipped it into the broth, the entire vegetable fell out leaving just a sad empty fried case. Womp, womp.All the stuff I wanted to come out before the sushi came at the end of the meal so this was kind of disappointing. It was almost impossible to order though since a waitress pretty much never showed up unless we flagged one down. Definitely a down side to sitting at the bar.I wouldn't mind coming back to this place but would probably re-think it since there are so many other Japanese restaurants on the strip. I'm sure there are some that are a little more reasonable in price too. I WOULD come back for that Black Rabbit though. I would be happy with just that cocktail and maybe a few pieces of yellow-tail. Yum.
2	I have to say, I was expecting more out of this place. The ambiance was fantastic and is perfect for a romantic date. You overlook the water and they have special seating if you are willing to fork it out! The price is actually pretty good for being in the Wynn, but the food was honestly not up to par. This was not a place I would visit again sadly, but I recommend it for pre-party dinner with a loved one, it is very romantic!
4	Excellent sirloin teriyaki, and I like that they offer brown rice. Excellent wait staff, nice scenery, but the place is pretty spendy.
4	The restaurant itself is beautiful!  They have a great little pond scene going, just looks awesome.  The food is great, but INSANELY pricey, then again, it is the Wynn, so what do you expect?  The sake list is extensive and there are some quiet tasty options.  Our waiter was very, very helpful.  He made a couple of suggestions, including the "Okada roll," a lobster delight.  Definitely suggest the dessert trio as well.  If you've got the money, try it out, it won't disappoint.
2	I think I am convinced that there is no such thing as really good sushi in Las Vegas.   But anyway...We stayed at the Wynn for a couple of nights and of course, I had to get my sushi on since the Wednesday night would be my only free night before being forced to be social with work stuff.  I made a reservation a week prior, for the bar - I noticed *a lot* of availability when I did it on their website.   With my reservation at 9:30, I was freaking starving.Service was good, courteous and attentive - no issues whatsoever there.  I proceeded to order a small carafe of sake, some rolls, nigiri and sashimi.  The rolls were... ok.  I asked for hand rolls and still got cut rolls.   The spicy scallop... not so spicy and the yellowtail had a bit too much sesame oil drizzle on them.The sashimi was the major disappointment and downright upsetting.  First, as beautiful as the fish was - everything was ice cold.  Cold!  Me no like cold fishies.  That being said it was still mostly pretty good, especially the Chu Toro - wow!  But then I came to my last pieces, which were the abalone - disgusting, huge disappointment - not fresh at all and I literally had to spit out my piece.  Worst thing I ever ate in a long while.Oddly enough, dinner went by in a flash - I think I was in and out in under 45 minutes.   Don't see a reason to try this place again.  I am sure it can be quite the hot spot with Tryst next door with all the pretty 20-somethings, but I am too old for that shit.This is also quite the pricey place (but on par with places I've been to LA & NY - except they were better).  Pretty impressive sake selection but even a small carafe of it will run you 40-50 bucks.  I dropped $150 with tip here and a 1/3 of that was for the sake.  Be prepared to drop some coin here if you do come.... and dress nice.
4	Sushi was good. Loved the sake they recommended. Hibachi steak and lobster was wonderful, too. Hate to say this , but I love Benihana's rice and Okada's doesn't compare. Nice presentation, but bland.
4	I can't say enough about how much I liked this place. Sure, this place is expensive. If you aren't interested in a place that is expensive, don't come here.If you want some good quality sushi, well plated, simple food, this is your place.The interior is really pretty and has a nice view of an outdoor japanese looking pond.The spicy tuna was really good. The black cod was incredibly buttery. The spicy tuna appetizer was probably my favorite thing on the menu in the end.The Okada roll was really good, especially if you have people who aren't into sushi in the group!The alaskan crab was probably a bit disappointing. While it is really well plated, it is just not enough food.
5	Some of the best sushi this gulf coast gal has had, and the many, many martinis we had were amazing! The spicy tuna and king crab california rolls tasted great, and we had a miso soup and edamame that were above average. I can't remember the other rolls we had, but we weren't disappointed by anything. We had the martini with Tyku and one with Lychee berry, among others... the drink menu was great!The restaurant itself is beautiful and great for an intimate dinner or a large group. The hibachi area looked cool but we didn't venture there. Like the other reviewers said, this place is very expensive, but totally worth it!
4	Great sushi and service.  The 5th star just being held back because of the high prices.  Incredible ambiance and easy to make reservations online.
4	I would describe Okada as being thoroughly okay. Through and through, it is "okay" with rare glimpses of awesome.  The sushi and sashimi are always of fair quality, and I deeply enjoy the clear broth mushroom soup.  Also, if you can get a table near the waterfall, it can be quite a pleasant dining experience.  I've been here several times and tried probably half the items on the menu, but rarely think "I have to come back for this", although it's the kind of place where you usually leave satisfied.  They do their raw fish right.  I recall particularly good instances of the salmon and toro.  Perhaps one notable thing is that last time I had a rather unsavory server, but that was something of an anomaly rather than the norm.Okada is not my favorite Japanese joint on the strip, but it's certainly one of the better ones and refreshingly casual in its dining atmosphere.  Not a bad place to go if you're unsure about your options.
3	On our third night in Las Vegas, my wife had had a little too much sun and fun by the pool and wasn't interested in going out for dinner, so I wandered down to the sports book at the Wynn to have a drink and decide what I wanted to eat. After a couple of vodka on the rocks, I decided to see if I could get a seat at the sushi bar in Okada. Our first try there two years ago was a little disappointing, but I thought it was worth another shot.I did get a seat directly in front of the sushi chef, and asked him to make me a selection of his best sushi and sashimi. First came a selection of nigiri sushi that was fresh and very well prepared, the highlight was the uni (sea urchin roe).  The tuna, toro, salmon, hamachi, ebi and octopus were very good. Next came a whitefish sashimi that was flavoured with what I think was a little yuzu juice and some bitter leaves. It was definitely the highlight of the meal. It melted in my mouth with a terrific combination of flavours.He finished my meal with a spicy crunch roll, which was not at all too my taste. It was a shrimp tempura, and tuna with a spicy sauce rolled in rice crackers. It was a confused and uninteresting dish. Eating sushi in Vancouver and Victoria, I know I am spoiled by the wealth of terrific sushi ingredients and restaurants, but I had hoped for more at Okada.
3	This place is a bit overrated, it's not bad but definitely not as good as I thought. Ordered a sashimi special and the toro (fatty tuna) has a lot of tendon, not the best sushi indeed. And be prepare to spend around $60/person at least (without dessert and drinks).
5	I actually came here last September but I forgot to write a review for this place and it's definitely review worthy.  A classy Teppanyaki style Japanese restaurant with awesome Sushi and all authentic Japanese food from Okayu (japanese porridge) to Wagyu Steak.  I usually don't trust Asian food on the strip no matter how great the reviews are, but Okada changed my perception a little.  If you are a sushi fan, get their Oh-Toro. It is to die for and it's as good as you can get at the Tsukiji Market in Japan. I can't believe how fresh the fish is even in the middle of the desert in Nevada.I'm usually not a big fan of Teppanyaki.  When I'm at a Japanese restaurant, I rather have sushi or noodles and occasional fried food mMmmmM.  I got the Wagyu and Sh*T it was GOOD.  I can't believe that I had an amazing performance by the teppanyaki chef to the best teppanyaki I have ever had in my life IN VEGAS!
2	The lobster miso soup was pretty good . I really liked that there was many pieces of yummy lobster in it . The Okada roll did not really impress me . The uni was alright . The abalone steak was small and the taste of it did not really stand out to me . I forgot what else me and my friend had but the food was either bland , unimpressive , or disappointing . They have black muscat wine which I didn't really like . I like the white muscat wine more . I also had one of their cocktails which didn't taste that good . I know the food in Vegas is pricey but I would not recommend this restaurant . You can spend the same amount of money at another restaurant in Vegas with better yummier food and be much fuller .
4	Staying in the Wynn I had easy access to Okada.  I asked around and it came down to eat sushi at Okada or Nobu.  Seeing that I never tried Okada, I decided it was a must.Walking into Okada without a reservation can be tough but the staff got us a seat at the sushi bar.  The restaurant is absolute gorgeous with a view of waterfalls and the interior being pretty slick.We ordered a bunch of different things and let me highlight some of the things I really enjoyed.- Tuna sashimi was amazing- Love  the Okada roll- Lobster miso is enormous!  It's 3 times the size of a regular miso soup with large chunks of lobsterWe also ordered some other things that were ok...or items I'd never try again.  Just a warning the sushi plate has some things that I did not enjoy and that was at no fault to Okada....it was just some seriously bad texture but it was extremely fresh.  I'm not sure the items but the texture and flavour had to be similar to eating a large piece of pork fat...uncooked.Okada has flashes of brilliance but some things were total misses, some of the items on the sushi plate and the crunchy roll did not do it for me.I'll be back again and I'll hit up some of the things from the grill next time!
2	The view and setting is impressive but the food is not. We got a table in the main dining room right next to the waterfall and lagoon. Got to admit, it sets the romantic mood. The restaurant is broken down into 5 main areas: main dining room, bar, sushi bar, robatayaki bar, and a teppanyaki room. Had the seared tuna, hamachi, and firecracker-spicy crunch roll. Off the robatayaki menu: waygu short ribs and farmer's vegetables. Overall, I thought the food was mediocre. The tuna and hamachi was decent but nothing special. I would skip the firecracker roll. One skewer of the waygu beef, could of been more seasoned and flavorful. The vegetables were vegetables that were prepared quite bland. The 3 ice cream dessert was also nothing distinct as well. Service was barely adequate. Could have been more attentive. When looking over this place, I was concern over the numerous reviews that were negative. Upon arriving at 8pm on a Saturday night, the place was sparse. Now, I see why. The food was bland, there wasn't a dish we really liked. To add insult to injury, paying uber prices for a mediocre dinner. In terms of quality/portion/price ratio, it didn't come close. I wanted to like this place but I don't.I be very wary of going to dine here.
2	It's tough for me not to recommend Okada. This is a beautiful restaurant with terrific service and a nice menu with a good variety of raw and cooked items that are well presented and nicely prepared. The problem is that the experience  doesn't justify the price. I expect high prices when dining at 5 star property on the Las Vegas strip, but I also expect a memorable and perfectly prepared meal in return. In this regard, Okada comes up short. Better sushi is available at more affordable prices from many other establishments.
2	Okada has such a great reputation, I couldn't wait to dine. I sat down at my table at 9:45pm on a Thursday, after ordering a cocktail and appetizer the waitress came back and told me that I had 10minutes to place my order or I would not be served. HOW RUDE!!!!  I thought this was Vegas?  This was a bad experience for me. Took 25 mins to get a glass of water. No attention from service staff. Food was good, but not stellar...which means that my evening was entirely overshadowed by crappy service and unimpressive atmosphere. Bummer.
2	We made a 7:30 reservation for a Teppanyaki table.  We had tickets to see a show at 10pm, but figured that still gave us PLENTY of time (2 hours) to eat and enjoy.   We were seated on time, but then we proceeded to wait another 35 minutes at the large Teppanyaki table while other parties arrived.  I get that Teppanyaki is a little tricky when you are just a party of two, but why did I have to wait for everyone else (who I don't know, to show up?!).  After almost 45 minutes of waiting the waitress finally took our order, and after an hour I finally got my first course - miso soup. Long story short, the meal actually was really delicious, but the service was not good.  We had to scarf down our food so quickly so we could head out at 9:30 for the show.   If I am going to pay $200+ for dinner, I want to be able to enjoy it, not end up stuffing my face as fast as I can so I don't miss my show.
5	I consider myself to be a sushi snob and had to write a review about the amazing sushi I had at Okada. Now this review is a little late....6 years late, but I had to write about it because I still remember my meal to this day. My wife and I were in town from San Francisco for our wedding. We had been to Blowfish Sushi (our second favorite) and Okada was hands down the best. I cannot wait to go back to Vegas, not for the shows, not for the people watching, but the sushi at Okada!
3	I was staying at the Wynn and have been meaning to try out Okada. As this was end of June and I was in Vegas by myself I didn't bring any pants or jeans, only shorts. That meant that I was sitting at the sushi bar as they do have a dress code here. This was fine, I actually prefer to sit at the sushi bar at these type of places. I ordered only sushi and while over all everything was good with Uni being amazing, I was surprised that they served Mirugai that wasn't very fresh, it wasn't bad it was similar quality as in a lot of places that serve it but definitely not what it should taste like. Service couldn't have been better, very attentive but they knew when to leave you alone. A lot of people say that Okada is pricey, it is but so are a lot of high end sushi restaurants as well as restaurants at the Wynn in general. I am giving 3 stars only because in my opinion a sushi chef at a high end sushi bar should never serve anything that isn't best available quality.
3	If I were to compare to most other sushi spots in Vegas, I'd say this place would be a 4.5 star. However, I'm going to be that guy and compare it to sushi places I'm used to in LA, where the fish selection and freshness are far far better. Ridiculously hard to get in, the trick is to show up right when they open and sit at the bar. If I was just eating the sushi I'd give this place 2 stars but their cooked items are far better. I tend to come here whenever I stay at the Wynn because I'm lazy and I don't want to hail a cab to go out to dinner.
4	Wow...amazing sashimi!  The fish was so fresh and portions were respectable. We also had a great table in front of the waterfall...beautiful view!  We had great service and never felt rushed to vacate our well placed table. O...did I mention the scallops...so good!!  Definitely check it out but be prepared for a hefty bill. 4 of us totaled over $500.
5	Since I had a birthday party a few years back, keep coming back here.Good service, food, and atmosphere.
4	Very knowledgeable service - knew a lot about the saki, knew a ton about the different types of fish etc. Though I am not a huge fan of most sushi, I was able to describe what I like and they suggested a few great options. I especially enjoyed the sashimi plate - that maccerel is bomb!
1	I have to say that this was an utter disappointment. No disrespect to my friend who picked it and for others who might have enjoyed their meals, but my sister and I were expecting to fawn and drool over our food and perhaps order more if we were still hungry. But this was absolutely the worst roll i've ever had. I ordered the spicy crunch roll, and started with the bacon wrapped asparagus. The asparagus--meh. But The roll was neither spicy nor tasty. In fact, it was completely tasteless. Really good sushi can have taste even without wasabi or soy sauce. The sauces complement, don't MAKEUP for culinary incompetence. Did the cook burn his taste buds months (or years) ago? And our waitress basically ignored us after we received our meal. And I didn't want to embarrass my friend by vocalizing my observations and disappointment with our experience. My advice? Show up, get your table, stick to a glass of wine or a cocktail, and enjoy the view. Eat before you come or after you leave, and reserve the money you'll save for better odds at satisfaction at a table game.
5	We chose this restaurant for my mother's 80th birthday dinner. Located in the Wynn Hotel & Casino this restaurant was beautiful, the staff gracious and the food absolutely delicious.They sat us at a table with a 'front row' view of their 95 foot waterfall. The table was room (meaning we weren't bumping elbows) and the chairs were comfy.We ordered the Okada Roll - Maine lobster, asparagus, avocado wrapped in soy paper, sushi special - toro, tuna, salmon, yellowtail & albacore, sushi & roll special - toro, tuna, yellowtail, salmon, albacore, shrimp & spicy tuna roll, soba, udon, beef teriyaki and some other things that I forget (there were 8 of us). Everything was outstanding and I recommend the Okada Roll. I'm iffy about lobster and I adores this roll, the lobster was firm and went well with the asparagus & avocado. At $38, I recommend this as an appetizer for the table. The sushi was very fresh, my favorite of the evening was the yellowtail. I got a bite of soba, perfectly al dente in a yummy broth. The teriyaki was juicy, tender sirloin in one of the best teriyaki sauces I've had.After dinner, the server presented my mother with a gorgeous dessert platter. A little bit of everything from sweet bean filled mochi, bite sized cakes to green tea ice cream. Happy Birthday Yuki was written on the platter with chocolate syrup. The bill came out around $500 (including tip, for 8 people). Not bad considering we had cocktails & wine. What an awesome experience!
3	My wife and I enjoyed a good albeit extremely expensive meal here recently.  Fish quality was excellent, service was great, and there were no problems of any sort.  We sat at the sushi bar and had very prompt service on a relatively slow night.  I would rate this higher if they ticked their prices down slightly, but we were a bit gouged for what we received in comparison to the prices I expect from other high-end sushi providers.  Some of the sushi items were lacking a bit of imagination, and the selection was good but not great.  Portion sizes were OK- more on the small than 'average' size.  We left full, but could have eaten more, but also would have flirted with a $300+ bill for two people...as it was we slipped in just under $200...In my opinion, Okada is a good option and you will enjoy your food.  If you are a picky sushi eater and want variety, toro, etc...you will spend spend spend!  For my $, I'd head to the Forum and go to Sushi Roku, a bit better value, and a solid 4+ star sushi in my opinion.
4	I've eaten sushi and sashimi all over and have come to the conclusion that the sushi chef can make or break a meal. Our chef just didn't have a personality, and coupled with the cost of the meal (in excess of $540.00) for two I wasn't satisfied. The fish was fresh and a variety of choices from the old fare to the exotic.We ordered the following:All sashimi:Hamachi, Aji, Salmon Belly, Albacore, Kohada, Kampachi, Blue fin, Mirugai, Large Scallops, Kumomoto Oysters.Followed by:Shishito Peppers grilled, Japanese pickles.One bottle of beer and one bottle of sake. If the chef had made it more of an eating adventure I'm sure I would've had a better feeling about this place.
3	If you have $ to burn and never look at the prices on a menu: This is the place for you.We ate here over Thanksgiving week with 2 other couples.  The place was chosen my someone that has eaten here before.Once we opened the menu, the shock set in when we saw rolls priced @ $38 and above.  Unless there is black caviar or lobster (that one was about $80) on the roll, the price is a outrageous.  In hindsight, we should have walked out at that point, but again if the portions are good, then there is value. Well not here.We spent over $150 for two, without drinks (only hot tea @$4 a glass) and walked away hungry.  Part of the issue is had we stayed with the standard rolls, then it would not have been as pricey, but isn't the whole point of eating here to get something different from the std maki rolls?Food:Spicy scallop hand roll $8 - excellentShrimp tempura roll $12 - ok, nothing special and no different from any other placeKobe tataki $22 - In the words of the late Clara Peller: "Where is the beef?"  You basically get a potato pancake with 4-5 tiny microscopic slivers of beef. Tuna tataki $24 - 5 shaved slices of tuna, thin enough that you see the plate underneath.Short Rib $10 - One bite and its gone.  Ok, but tough to judge as there was almost nothing thereBeef Teriyaki $33 - Very well prepared, decent portion relative to the rest of the meal.  We ordered it based on seeing one of the other couples get it.  Without it, we would have starved.Sorry, but this is one of the most overpriced restaurants I have ever eaten in my life.  I have spent the same amount and more up and down the Strip and have never been this disappointed and this hungry when leaving a restaurant.
3	The atmosphere is very nice and the service super attentive.  I've had a lot of nice meals so paying for an expensive business dinner is fine.  The problem here is that the prices are a bit out of control.  Tons of restaurants in Las Vegas that can provide food that is just as good, slightly more quantity, for a more reasonable price tag.  A group of us has a couple glasses of wine, various sashimi options, nigiri options as well, the sea bass hot plate, and a couple of the robatayaki options.  Good quality, nothing earth shattering, but too much for the limited quantity and quality that is matched by a number of other restaurants.  The huge waterfall is seen thru the windows of one specific dining room and is beautiful.
5	Visited Okada at the Wynn Resort and had a fantastic time. Robata Grill - Sushi Bar - Teppan Tables. Great food and service. Perfect portion sizes. Service was top notch, friendly and very professional. The Toro Sashimi sampler was over the top, each ones of the Robata items perfectly grilled and the Okonomiyaki delicious. Also, great dessert selection, which is very interesting for a Japanese Restaurant. A must go!
3	I really, really wanted to love Okada. I remember my parents taking me here years ago, when my sushi tastebuds were untrained and unwise, and loving every last bite of spicy tuna or California roll (To justify the inevitable eye rolls, forgive me, I was a little sprout at the time).Fast forward to now. I'm a self-proclaimed sushi snob, having tried nearly every noteworthy sushi place in my hometown of Los Angeles, eating everything from toro to uni to sweet shrimp to Spanish mackarel, and then some. I've evolved! So of course I was so excited to venture to Okada after all this time and sink my teeth into some real fish. But Okada disappointed me.Initially, our party sat in the teppan area. We were a mixed crowd, half of us loved teppan, some liked it enough (I'll raise my hand to this one), and some straight up didn't like it. We all love sushi, so we asked to be switched. Before the switch happened, I did manage to look down at the teppan menu and literally raise my eyebrows at the prices (at a meal I wasn't even paying for, which should tell you enough). 70$ for a chicken entree? Are they feeding these chickens a diet consisting of nothing but truffles and gold flakes? What the hell? I'm all about splurging on the good stuff, but that was just weird. But thankfully the restaurant was nice enough to switch us to the sushi bar, so my questioning was conveniently halted.I ordered the chicken wing robata, spicy tuna and spicy yellowtail, along with uni, tuna, mackarel, and yellowtail nigiri. It was all pretty fresh, but the tuna nigiri was a bit chewy. The uni was good, on par with most swanky L.A. sushi spots. The spicy yellowtail was forgettable. Overall, coupled with the price, I wasn't especially impressed with the food. Los Angeles has truly spoiled me - out there, you can go downtown to Little Tokyo and find the freshest fish you'll ever eat for a fraction of the cost. I was just expecting a bit more from Okada - fresher, a little more flavor, maybe some white truffle oil and caviar? Better service? The bottom line is that it's fairly forgettable food at an unforgettable price. It's by no means straight-up bad, but I was definitely underwhelmed. The ambiance is on point, I'll say that much. But that can be said of virtually everything in Steve Wynn's hotels. My overall advice is to search elsewhere for unbelievable, melt-in-your-mouth sushi. Trust me. I know my stuff!
5	Okada was our first stop on our Vegas venture. Housed in Steve Wynn's glittering fortress, you will find a Japanese retreat with a Wynn-some attitude. Okada's has the most incredible ambiance, complete with a 95-foot waterfall, placid lagoon and a pagoda. There's a teppanyaki room, sushi bar, cocktail bar and a huge dining area. Speaking of falls, you'll need a windfall of money too. The sushi and entree selections are a bit on the pricey side. They have sushi rolls upwards of $45 and shrimp tempura for $28! We were not ruling out the Okada delicacy rolls, but we wanted to test the waters a bit before diving in headlong. So we started out with the standard sushi rolls for our first visit. I can definitely say that the sushi we ordered was markedly different than most sushi I've had.  With our initial success, we will venture towards the specialty rolls next time in. We ordered the short beef ribs appetizer, a spicy tuna roll, spicy yellowtail, shrimp tempura roll and the rainbow roll. All our rolls were spectacular! The seafood quality is top-grade and beyond compare. What I really liked about Okada's was the wonderful menu offerings - I've never seen so many creative, imaginative Japanese dishes before. They have everything, including kampachi, oxtail, pork belly, salmon belly, kobe tetaki, miso-marinated black cod, shishito peppers, oysters, and foie gras and so much more. I was completely entralled with all the unique combinations and non- conformity.We enjoyed our Okada experience immensely. The sushi and wine weres exceptional. The staff was very attentive, professional and sociable. The ambiance was a delicate balance of elegance and cool, modern and mystique.Highly recommend
5	My favorite Japanese restaurant! This being my second adventure here I was just as impressed as the 1st time. My move here is to order tapas style and share. So I order 3-4 dishes, finish them and order another 3-4, and repeat the process until I can't eat another bite. All while sucking down sake.  I love the variety of dishes available. Ordering items from the Robata grill is a must. They serve you small portions of delicious meats and veggies that have been cooked over a charcoal grill (try the pork and shisito peppers...trust me). And the sushi (overpriced....but it' vegas) is very fresh and imaginative. The entrees are also great, the miso cod is unreal.  This is a genre that is becoming one of my favorites and this place delivers a great variety of tasty treats in a fun atmosphere.
4	Very nice with the waterfall. At first we sat at the other side hoping more people will show up for the teppanyaki, but nope, so we switched to regular dining. It would of been odd to just do it for two people. Turned out to be a better view at night with the waterfall. I did order a ton of food. There was this egg custard, very good and smooth. The unagi sashimi was delicious, along with the roboata platter. I also ordered a mushroom salad, and that as really good (i love shrooms). I told them we were celebrating anniversary and bday, and gave us desserts on the house (chocolate and mochi), and that was nice. The cod OMG, really good, but the salmon was just fair and good. I had better salmon, but the overall experience and the scene was nice.I wish the place was a bit bigger in terms of how tables are spaced, we're so close to other people! I would come back to try the teppanyaki.
5	Top of the chart if you want sushi with authentic classic atmosphere.
5	Fantastic place! Great views and atmosphere!
3	Nice atmosphere, but, for the price, the sushi is very average. The sashimi cuts are thick, cold, and chewy. The food presentation is beautiful, the staff attentive, and some of the rolls are tasty, but if I'm in Vegas and want good sushi, I just hold on until I can get back to LA.
4	Sushi was great!  They were all booked for the evening, but worked with us to fit us in last minute.  Thanks!
5	I'm going to cry- did this place seriously close? DEVASTATED. One of the top reasons we stay at the Wynn is to be within 2 minutes walking distance of this restaurant. I'd have mouth-watering dreams about their sushi. So bummed, bad move Wynn!
3	Competent, but expensive (and inconsistent) sushi. A place to go if you have RFB, but I wouldn't spend money here. You're paying for the waterfall view, but only a fraction of the tables have that.
4	Had a great, relatively affordable meal here. Ambiance was lovely - when you make a reservation ask for a seat by the window for a view of the waterfall.Everything we ordered was executed perfectly. The soup was really memorable, subtle, but full of flavor. The sashimi and sushi were  excellent.For Vegas, and the quality, the price was reasonable.
