5	Took my car in for an oil change and was very impressed with the staff. They didn't try to up-sell me a thousand things I do not need and I was in and out quickly. I was even able to get some work done while I waited since they have free WiFi.
5	Best shop ever! Amazing customer service! They took a look at my car and gave me the most affordable solution in fixing my problem. Very helpful and honest. They also have an awesome arcade to play in while you wait for your car!
5	Awesome service! Took our car in for an oil change and staff was wonderful didn't try to up sell and were very honest and we felt like we finally found a place we can trust! Which is a huge factor when getting work done on your car. We played in arcade while they were working on our car and had so much fun.. Will definitely recommend to family and friends!
4	First visit with car.  Had oil change done.  They did the normal checking of all fluids with suggestion of additional service.  I declined and no additional push to get the extra work done.  I like that.  Not too long of wait to complete oil change.  Price was OK.  I am willing to pay as long as the work is done well.  I am going to use them again.  I hope this is a repair place that I can return to and trust.
5	Second time to Rebel Automotive, had oil change and transmission fluid change.  Super fast.  Took my daughter and we played in the arcade, she had a blast.
5	Went here for the first time today.  Someone posted on FB about free oil change for new costumers and after I read the reviews I thought I would check it out.  The service was great and they have a bunch of video games to play while you wait.  They are set to free play which makes it even sweeter.  They took about 45 minutes; I didn't even realize that because I was too busy playing the games and the time flew by.  Overall my experience was good and they went over some check engine issues that I might have.  Never once were they pushy like other places where I've gone to for oil changes.  I will definitely go back.
5	It's rare to find a good mechanic. Even rarer to find a GREAT mechanic. Rebel Automotive was that great mechanic. Great repair, great price and while you wait, an UPSTAIRS ARCADE. Would argue not just best of Vegas, best in nation.An affirmation that sometimes the saying "too good to be true" is NOT valid. The price they quote? The price you get. The reasons for the repair? Explained in very understandable detail. The customer service? Not just some of the best I've seen for a mechanic, the best I've seen period - and I'm n customer service. The repair itself? Perfect. The speed of the repair? Put it this way. I was about to take the day off work until just two hours later for what seemed like a long repair, the words "it's done" were heard. And when we needed to be clear across town during the repair, they were more than happy to drive us there.And did I mention the arcade room while you wait? Seriously, they have a Track and Field machine to button smash with among tons of others that rivals the Barcade, Insert Coins or Chuck E Cheese ... not to mention free wi-fi so you can get - egad - actual work done. Yelp describes the five-star review as being "as good as it gets." The description is correct here.
5	Awesome Services! Fast, Informative, didn't try to upsell you on anything, Informed me of what I should get done before the Summer Month arrive and the best of all.... they have an ARCADE!!! Time flies for sure:) Very affordable as well. I will be going to them for my car needs from now on :) -Shannon
5	They honored a groupon for an oil change that expired the day before. Fast and friendly service. Arcade upstairs to pass time or several restaurant with walking distance.  Will try again as a machanic, not just oil changes.
5	Went there to have my brakes checked, (knew there was a problem).  They quickly found what it was.  Had to leave car overnite, they gave me a ride home and picked me up in the morning. Awesome place, service writer Lee ( I hope I got the name correct) was very knowledgeable and easy to work with. Price was acceptable.  Having an arcade upstairs to kill time is great also.  They have a customer for along time.
5	This is a loooong overdue review! Sorry Rebel!I took my car to the ford dealership to get my check engine light diagnosed. 3 or more hours later they want me to buy a new radiator, serp belt and a couple of other small things for 2,000 without labor. Out the door I went. (review to come on Ford)I asked around on FB if anyone knew a great mom and pop mechanic and I was lead to Rebel. I was greeted right away when I walked in. I told the tech what the dealership told me was wrong and asked for an estimate of what the charges would be. While I waited for my estimate we went upstairs and played some FREE arcade games! They are a bit old, and some don't work but it was a fun way to pass the time.The tech came and found us and gave me an estimate which i agreed on. I left my car with them for the work to be done for pickup later. They were done before the time they told me, and my car runs excellent!!!!!Thumbs waaaaaay up Rebel Automotive! I will be back in the future for any other work my car needs! I am a beyond satisfied customer!!!! If I could give more stars I would!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!-------SUPPORT SMALL BUSINESSES!!!!!!!!!-------
5	Nothing but good things to say.  Honest mechanics are hard to find and Las Vegas can be shady.  They are top notch.  Would trust them with all my vehicle repairs.   the free arcade while you wait is pretty nice too.
5	Rebel Auto is by far the best auto service shop in Henderson and Las Vegas! I've had my car serviced there probably a dozen times. Their prices are great, they have a free arcade to play in while you wait, and the customer service is amazing. I've recommended them to everyone I know, and will take every car I own to them, for as long as they are around. Thank you Lee and Rebel auto for being so helpful every time!!
5	I highly recommend this place! I dropped my car off for an oil change before class and it was waiting out front for me when I was done. They suggested future services I might want to consider, but they weren't pushy about it at all. He just stated they marked the items on my receipt if I want to review them. This was very refreshing, as I've dealt with some pushy mechanics in the past who I felt were just scaring me into things I didn't really need done just because I was a girl who knew nothing about cars. I'll definitely be back for future oil changes and other services.
5	I took my 05 GMC Yukon in to get a transmission and rear diff serviced. I also told them I needed my front brakes done. Andrew called me to let me know my truck was ready for pickup and they only needed to service the rear diff. He explained that my transmission and brakes were in good shape and there was no need to waste money to service them at this time. Rebel is extremely honest with affordable pricing.
5	Once again, amazing service! Lee and the guys are always so friendly and welcoming there and they take the time to explain what needs to be done. I went in for a smog check and see why my check engine light was on so i can get my registration renewed. They were able to diagnose, order and fix everything in less than 2 days while keeping me updated on the process. It also came out much less than I expected :) I will refer them to anyone! Thanks again Rebel!
5	Great first experience. Will definitely be back!
5	Just got basic oil change but everyone there was very nice and friendly. I plan to return in the future. The game room was fun too.
5	GREAT SERVICE! Went in for oil change. Very professional service. Best waiting room ever! After they serviced my car, they went over what my car would need in the future. I will be bringing all my cars to get serviced here. Thanks Rebel Auto!Dan Y
5	Being fairly new to the Vegas area, I was skeptical about auto shops in the area as most look really shady.  Also, being a female - we tend to get ripped off (or so they try to).  But growing up in the garage working on cars with my Dad - I know when I'm getting ripped off.I found Rebel Automotive on Yelp - my trusted source.  I called for a simple oil change on my 2012 Lexus IS.  Got me in that same afternoon.  Andrew and Lee showed me to the waiting area upstairs - AMAZING!  It is a full on arcade with a separate room if you want to watch TV.  Best part was - I didn't need to pay for any games - they're all free!  I was in and out quickly.  Great experience, so I then took in my 2002 Ford F150 Harley Davidson - both used Groupons - but Lee said he would price match in the future.They were also very helpful when I got the Lexus tires rotated.  Lee even took me on a road test to show me that there were no alignment issues.  Very informative, very friendly, efficient, and not at all pushy.  I felt comfortable the entire time, they never tried to upsell me.  Honest people running the show.  I am glad I found them!
5	Extremely courteous & professional staff, super clean facilities, & an entire FREE arcade to keep my 3 kids busy while my car was being worked on. Very competitive prices as well. I highly recommend these guys!
5	Rebel Auto has gives customer service, plain and simple.  Whether your car is in for an oil change or repairs, they like to keep you in the loop with what is going on.I have experienced a nightmare when my AC went out (in Vegas AC is everything), with a dealership that shall remain nameless.  They had me driving back in forth from home, work, and the dealership during summer just to tell me my parts never arrived.  After my 3rd trip to their shop, they finally had it in.  I wish the communication would have been up to par as having issues with your vehicle can be very stressful, not to mention,at times, costly.  Another local place wanted to charge me for 98 pounds of freon...which is seriously ridiculous.Rebel Auto gives you the sense of assurance that most places do not.  They tell you upfront when it comes to cost and won't try to up-sell you on the unnecessary things.  I've had my car serviced by Rebel Auto twice, once for an oil change and the second for a thermostat and coolant issue I was having. The best thing is that they will also follow up with you after a service was performed, I do appreciate that they take that extra step to ensure that they are truly taking care of their customers.  Also, I haven't yet had a chance to check out the arcade but I keep hearing great things and will definitely be in again for my next oil change.  Thank you Rebel Automotive!!
5	Love love love this place! Honest mechanics honest owners. I feel like family every time I come here to get my car serviced. The mechanics communicate clearly to you about your car so that you feel at ease and understand what's going on. I recommend everyone I know to them.
5	Really clean, friendly place. The prices are very fair and they don't try to jerk you around with up sells. On this particular day there was a misunderstanding with my oil filter. It ended up taking an extended amount of time, but they apologized by comping the service! Nowhere else would ever do that. Certainly would recommend for all of your car service needs.
5	Already excited for my next oil change! I was in and out in less than an hour and the fact that they have a full (and free!) arcade really made the time go by quick.  Aside from this awesome perk, the service was really incredible.  There was some discrepency as to what type of oil my car needed, instead of simply charging me for the more expensive option they called the dealer to inquire as to what my car ACTUALLY needed.  Never have I had an auto shop take the time and really put my interests first.  They were friendly, honest, and really gained my trust. I am so pleased with their service, I will definitely be back for any maintenance my car may need.
5	I brought in a radiator reservoir and asked Rebel Auto to swap it out with the one in my car. They drove me 20 minutes across town so that I could go to work and then came and picked me up at the end of the day. At that point everything was fixed on my car and it was ready to go!
5	Rebel Auto is by far the best automotive repair establishment that I have ever gone to in my life. Everything from the Service, care, honesty, and comfort. Im extremely weary of automotive repair places in Vegas trying to take advantage of customers. This place gives you hope that there is actually business that want to treat their customers fairly and care about their safety.  Since I started going to Rebel for my routine oil changes and services....I refuse to go anywhere else.
3	I brought my car here based on the very positive reviews. While they are very friendly and honest, the service was way overpriced. I came here for simple cleaning for my system, and it cost about $100 extra in comparison to what other shops charge for the exact service. After the cleaning was done, they didn't test whether my system was working correctly or not and said that they only did the cleaning. For the price, I expected at least a test.I needed an additional service for my car, but I won't do it in this shop because it's overpriced. Other than that, they're friendly and have a nice arcade waiting area.
5	Awesome service
5	This place is the only place I'll ever get my oil changed from now on. The staff is so friendly and accommodating. When I walked in, they said that their appointments were full, but they still took me in. They said it would take about an hour and a half, but that they have an arcade (FREE TO PLAY) to entertain me while I waited. The arcade is amazing! A bunch of old arcade machines, as well as some skee-ball type games and an area with a TV and couch. The oil change was faster than they suggested and the price was reasonable. They didn't try to upsell me on anything which I really appreciate. Definitely coming back again.
5	Great auto shop! My kids loved playing in the free arcade and I loved the honest and quick service. I highly recommend this place.
5	My check engine light was on so I took my car to them in order to pass smog. They took care of the problem, and helped me pass within a couple days. Very knowledgeable,  very informative and helpful. Both Joe and Lee always give me accurate info, price and time estimates. A week later my fuel injection went out so I had it towed to them. Luckily nothing else was damaged so I had them do a tune up while it was there. Car is running great and I highly recommend them.  I will keep coming back.
5	Took my truck in yesterday for an oil change, decided to give this place a try based on all the good reviews. You guys were right, fast , friendly service and a full FREE ARCADE! :-) Joe was very friendly and provided great customer service. FIRST TIMERS GET $10 OFF , so that was pretty awesome. Their prices are very fair. In less than an hour I was told that my truck was finished & ready to go. I went to pay and got the paperwork, Joe asked if I had my 100k tune up which I did. He only brought it up due to the milage of my vehicle but very nice staff no scammers/ bogus repairs that many budget oil change places do. Will gladly go back.
5	They're the best. Simple as that. I've taken my car here for multiple different problems and it's always fixed fast and properly. The staff is so pleasant and helpful. I can't say enough good things.
5	Can't think of any other place to get work done on your car then Rebel Automotive. Friendly staff, quality work and of course the arcade to hang out while waiting. And they give you a one time discount for simply leaving a review on yelp or Facebook! I'm a customer for life.
5	The game room while you wait just makes this place the best!  I came here with my 2 year old and we had a blast while I waited for my oil change.  Very nice and friendly customer service.  Will be returning.
5	Lee helped me out tremendously with my 04 VW Passat. He's always been very fair with pricing, and provides amazing customer service. With all the dealership service centers and other independent service centers in town that have no qualms about charging you extreme amounts, Rebel auto has always been fair.
5	I've never had such a good time while my oil got changed!Ordinarily, getting the oil changed - not exactly the height of entertainment, right? This place is special - with super great employees and a full arcade with all free play. My children (and husband and I) all had a great time.We will definitely be returning. :)
5	First class service!  Joe was awesome and not only are the prices great, but you get to wait in a recreation room with a big screen tv and it's full of free play arcade games!  I would definitely return and highly recommend them!
5	Lee and his staff are amazing!!  They always remember us and have been very good to us.  I am glad to finally find a mechanic that doesn't take advantage of me.  And nothing can beat getting to play games while you wait.
5	I caught the dealer where I had been taking my Acura for 5 years of out of warranty service trying to scam me into replacing the power steering pump, CV boots and stabilizer bars. ($1,600)  Fortunately I declined those repairs at the dealer and went to Rebel a second opinion, I looked at the boots myself and found nothing wrong, no cracks splits etc, same with the other parts.  Guess what, Rebel came to the same conclusion, everything checked out fine, no issues!  I'm done with the dealer,  finally found an honest professional repair facility in LV.  Not so easily done.   I found the staff at Rebel to be up front, honest and awesome.
5	This was probably the best experience I've had getting an oil change. Lee was extremely welcoming and friendly as soon as I walked into the shop. He asked if I wanted to go upstairs to their free arcade room while I waited.. at first I thought I was hearing things but he actually brought me upstairs to this room filled with arcade games that I had all to myself!! I felt like a kid again, it was nice lol and plus it made time go by fast.After about 30 minutes he walked up to the arcade and handed me my invoice. While he went over the 21-point inspection with me he was not pushy at all and did not try to persuade me into any services I didn't really need which really surprised me. Lee is a honest genuine guy and I highly recommend this place to everyone in the Henderson/Vegas area that needs any work done on their vehicle. The prices are fair and I'll definitely be going back soon. On a side note.. For the first time since I've had my car they actually put the recommended amount of oil for my car instead of overfilling it like every other place I've been to in the past including the dealership. Awesome experience!!! :D
5	I came here for an oil change and was in and out within 40 mins. And while I was waiting they have an arcade for customers with games, cable TV, and free wifi. I will definitely be back for my next oil change!
5	The dirty birdie's maintenance light came on, so it was about that time to get that oil changed. Now that I was out of my manufacturer's warranty, I didn't have to take it back to the dealer to get it serviced. After a quick flip through my buddy, Groupon, I saw a deal for this shop. Then checking through the yelp ratings... I was amazed at the high ratings. I set the appointment for an hour later, and was ready to roll!!This place is located near the Auto-mall in henderson. It took a bit to find it but once I did, the serviceman actually came out after I was done parking to introduce himself and to take the mileage. Talk about quick and professional service! Then, we went inside the immaculate office to finish signing the paperwork. I was about to sit down in the little waiting room on the side when the gentleman asked me if I would like to go to the arcade. I was like "arcade..?", and he was like "yea, let me show you". He led me into the next building, up the stairs, and through the doors....Ok, this is seriously, and I am 100% positively, sure of this.. The BEST waiting room in Vegas!!! There were probably 15 arcade machines on free play from old school games like arcade Tetris, to sit down race car games. There was also pool tables, air hockey games and so much more! In a small adjoining room, there was a console setup with couches to relax or play games. A-May-zing!!!I was there for a short time because these guys do a FAST oil change! Even if I didn't use the groupon, I would have gotten synthetic oil, 21 point inspection, and a top off of all my fluids (very impotante) for about 31 dollars total!If you live close to this shop I would highly recommend it. Or if you just want honest, high quality service for your oil change needs, I would recommend Rebel Automotive in a heartbeat!
5	The crew here is GREAT!!Trustworthy place with reasonable prices and the game room while yo're waiting is a GENIUS idea! Keep it up Rebel!!
5	So honest! Wonderful service, completely accommodating to my schedule. My kids always want to go with me, to an oil change, to play in the arcade room. Free Chuck e cheese time. I've also had the best experience with body repair and engine work. Been going here for years, have never disappointed. Love that they can do it all in one location.
5	What a fantastic place!I took my car for an oil change. Not only are they very reasonable on their price, they have a free arcade as their waiting room! It made my wait time (which wasn't long) fly by. The customer service is great. They didn't push me to upgrade on my service. FIVE STARS for sure. And I WILL be back!!
5	Oh my goodness. I didn't know what outstanding auto service was until I came to Rebel Auto!!!! So professional. So kind. The free play arcade while you wait? AWESOME! It isn't like a cheap gimmick. It's legit!!! The price is perfect - way better than what the dealer charges for my  2 year old car. I couldn't believe how fast they got my oil change done, either. And they gave me recommendations but didn't pressure me. Being new to the area, I'm so glad I found Rebel Auto. I believe they have gained a customer for life!
5	Because I know nothing about cars, and my car was still under "warranty"...I had paid for overpriced service at the dealership. Now that my car is over 5+ years, I decided to take it somewhere else when I popped a tire and I had another that needed to be replaced.  I am so glad I find this place through Yelp!Owning my own business, Lee Sproul, was very flexible and respectful of my time and schedule.  I am pleased with the service, additional inspections, and follow up reminders.  I like that Rebel seems to have a good balance of preventative care and suggested maintenance...this makes better sense with my wallet while making sure my care remains reliable. I look forward to trusting Rebel for future maintenance and service of my vehicle.
5	I was impressed with Rebel Automotive!!! Came in for an alignment and got to take a trip back in time. They have a very nice classic arcade from the 80's and 90's. Next time I'll bring my kids. Their prices seem to be very reasonable.
5	After getting hit in a parking lot by another driver, I was in a hurry to get the car I share with my husband fixed.  This shop was recommended to us and I am so thankful!  They were fantastic.  I never had to wonder what was happening with my car, because they always called to update me on the status.  Very friendly, very fair and beautiful body work.  We will be returning with future business.
5	I purchased an oil change Groupon based on the Yelp reviews. I was not disappointed. I made an online reservation and took my car there at the reserved time. They were finished in less than a half hour. While I waited I took advantage of the free arcade upstairs. They were professional and efficient. Their pricing is very competitive even without the Groupon. I will return.
5	Broke down in Vegas sounds like the makings of a good song but we had no sad ending because we found Lee Sproul/Service Manager at Rebel. They went out of their way to ensure we had the best communication, a ride to and from our hotel, and they honored our Yelp discount with no problems. Thanks to Rebel and Lee we had a happy ending to what could have been a vacation nightmare.
5	I was looking for a reputable place to get my Dad's car fixed.  I looked into other places on Eastern Ave and the reviews were mixed.  So, I drove a bit further and it was worth it!  The service was great.  Joe was very professional.  Integrity is alive and well at Rebel Automotive
5	I just had my first service here and am very happy with it. I usually take my cars to the dealership but I've never been very happy with the rates or service there so I decided to try this place after reading the many excellent reviews. This is the first service in a long time where the experience was really good.My truck had a small oil leak so I brought it in on a late afternoon Wednesday (no appointment). They were able to immediately take my truck back and diagnosed that it was the oil pan gasket within about 15 minutes of my arrival. They gave me a estimate which I felt was reasonable and told me it could be done by the next day.As promised, they called on Thursday to let me know it was ready. Since I couldn't pick it up until Friday, they made sure to pull in the truck for the night and also called back Friday afternoon to see if they would need to bring it in at night again so I was happy that they seemed to care.Bottom line was that I felt they were friendly, honest, professional, they delivered on time, and didn't try to up-sell me on unnecessary services. I plan on coming back for future needs.  Oh yeah, and the arcade was a bonus too.
5	Totally loved them. Super fast and friendly. Free arcade that I didn't want to leave. Lee is very professional and approachable. Let's you know what your car needs and doesn't press you to do it immediately. Awesome experience!
5	I needed a quick oil change for cheap and nearby my house. I looked online and this place popped up with a bunch of postive reviews. I decided to try this place out and it did not disappoint. It definitely lived up to its' reviews. As soon as I walked in, the guy told me upfront how much it would be and that I would get a discount as a first time user. He then asked if I would like in their waiting room or the "fun" room. I did not know what the fun room was, but I decided why not? Turns out, the fun room is a whole level of vintage arcade games. It included a movie room with comfy couches and the best part was EVERYTHING WAS UNLIMITED play. This definitely helped time pass by and the service was homely.As a busy student and full time worker, it is nice to have a place to relax for a few minutes.  I would recommend this place to my friends and family. You also get a punch card that you can share between friends and family to get a free oil change. BONUS!
5	Amazing Gem of a place to know. I was in a unique situation with my tire and what discount tire, Ted Weins, and big O couldn't do, these guys did. A thanks for your help! You saved me a lot of time and money. Joe was awesome and their free arcade room is nice.
5	Came back for a smog inspection and it was done super fast...all the while I played Tetris for free in their amazing game room.
5	Joe was very nice, helpful and knowledgeable. The place is really clean and great waiting area. =)
5	There's no other place in Vegas or Henderson I would take any of my family's cars. They always treat you with respect and courtesy while being very causal. I have had 5 different cars serviced with them over the past 2 years and they are always prompt and thorough. I love this place! Plus the arcade upstairs makes the time fly... cant beat it!
5	These guys are rad! Came in with squeaky, squealing brakes and left with a fully repaired Honda. The wait was easy with the free arcade they have upstairs. Not to mention they noticed my brake light was out and replaced it free of charge! Will be coming here for all my future auto needs
5	I had put off getting my car even looked at for way too long due to pure mechanic-shop-anxiety. No-one enjoys the car mechanic, dentist, or tax season... But Joe at Rebel changed that. I was referred to them from a friend,after intensely reading the reviews on yelp I finally caved in and made an appointment.  I was pleasantly greeted by Joe who you could tell actually enjoys his job and helping people. After surrendering my keys my 7 year old son said he wanted to see this supposed arcade everyone has boasted about. I was expecting 2 maybe 3 old school arcade games...nope. It replicates an arcade at the bowling alley or in the mall. It was huge! And not only that, but it is geared towards kids of all ages ! Games I haven't played in 15 years ! My husband, myself, and son spent a good 30 minutes in there and we would have been fine playing longer. It really let's you know these guys care about their customers long term. My car runs awesome and was even less expensive I had been quoted. Um a customer for life.
5	I just had an oil change this mornings. The whole service was actually great. They took me upstairs to entertain my self while  waiting for my car. After that, they explained to me how my car is, services that needed to be done etc. I highly recommend this place. More Power to you Rebel
5	All around, 100% customer service. This place isn't out to scam you, like most auto repair establishments. They cater specifically to what your car needs and no hidden costs. Joe is friendly and treats every customer with the utmost respect. Plus they have an awesome space on the second floor with arcade games and a business center for customers to wait while their vehicle is being serviced. HIGHLY RECOMMEND this place.
1	t and back brakes for 330. Turns out he resurfaced my rotors instead of replacing... Ok. But he says ok ill do them for 350-450. I say ok!!! Turns out it's a trick. He's only talking about doing the front for 350 to 450. Two days later the backs begin to scrape and oil begins to drop out of the pan in the back of the car. I go back and explain my annoyance and he says oh we're sorry. When you left we only told you you needed tires and a tuneup. We didn't tell you about the brakes in the back... True... I told them that and asked them why they were trying to trick people.. He explains they NEVER trick anyone; however he can give me a "family" deal. He will do the backs for 270. So we are talking about $650 for front and back brakes... Brought it back today and they say I have a missing brake pad on the back one day after they fixed the front. I might file small claims.
