3	This place has been getting so much play lately I'm starting to get a little jealous.  With the professional volleyball tour now located there and Jordin Sparks shows there every other day - it's really turning into a hub for the Westside. I went over there to meet a friend (from Surprise) to hangout as this was decided to be a good meeting point.  Westgate sports that whole faux-town square thing that is all the rage in American suburbia.  You'll find a grassy town square (with baby trees offering little to no shade) that kids and families actually hang out in.  You'll find actual middle class shops in contrast to Kierland Commons.   This place isn't exactly my cup of tea, but people at the center seemed to be enjoying it as it was quite busy.It's a loud bold monstrosity in what seems (at least now) to be the middle of nowhere - like an oasis in the middle of one GIANT parking lot.   The huge AMC movieplex and Renaissance Marriott hotel are the centerpieces here and chain restaurants abound here like Yard House, Gordon Biersch and soon to be built Gardunos.  It's like a smaller version of Kierland with retail on the first floor and office on the upper floors, but more isolated, with not as many stores and with huge Times Square-like billboard ads EVERYWHERE.  It looks really TACKY.  I think if you even stand around long enough you'll find a billboard on your back.
2	They are advertising this place as the "Times Square of the West." Clearly, they have not been to New York.  There is nothing that Westgate Center has in common with Times Square.The parking lot is huge, but badly arranged.  Even the handicapped spots were a long walk for one of my friendsThe plaza is anchored by sports/concert venues.  When there are no sports events or concerts to bring in the traffic, there is a large movie theater.  They have also taken a lot of care to make several large public areas with fountains and other attractive focal points.  It is pretty, but an ineffective use of space that fails miserably in its attempt to provide services to concert goers and sports fans.  There were not even enough places available for several coworkers and i to enjoy having lunch there.The rest of the plaza is supposed to be bustling with entertainment and activity to support the events at the main venues.  It is not.   I thought it was because a lot of places had not opened, but i think the problem is deeper than that. There are several chain restaurants with bars.  Try going to one of those restaurants before your concert for dinner.  They look at you like you have lost your mind.  The problem is, there are so few places, and they are all packed and understaffed.   The ones i tried acted as if they were insulted that i didn't want to wait til after my concert had started to sit down. This wouldn't be bothersome if they were using their entire seating space and had a full staff of waiters, but it looked like there were sections of the places that were not being used at all.  Perhaps they are waiting for the Superbowl to open those remaining 8 tables..
2	I had high hopes for this place, but unfortunately it appears as though the high end stores have decided to fore go their zip code on this one.  On the plus side, it does have a two huge arenas in its corner, so at least you have something to do while waiting for your event to start.  I would have liked to have seen more Kierland type stores in here.  It's a bummer since this place had so much potential.
2	Omigod I can only give this place two stars because the Waterdance feature is pretty awesome. Otherwise, after spending the previous four days in Sedona the billboards alone were a complete shock to my system. What Blade Runner freak dreamt this crazy place up??? Ugh. Great for teeny boppers and kids - oh, and the pseudo hip-hops who don't mind cops outside the Hell's Half Acre bar...
2	No offense to locals, because Glendale "Glitters" with "Chocolate" downtown, but this mall hastily developed around the silver Jiffy Popcorn pan  that is University of Phoenix Stadium (misnomer, it is for the professional football team, the Arizona Cardinals, named after the omnipresent UofP distance learning and professional college, ala National University) and the Jobing.com (local based employment dot com) Arena (home to the NHL Coyotes) is really just a North Snobsdale (aka Scottsdale, Snotsdale, She'sGotTail) Kierland Commons Wannabee Mall!It is 4 stories high, shaped like a football and stadium, with huge billboards facing into the 2 water fountains, its only redeeming value.It is populated with typical Scottsdale type restaurants....Big on decor, small on taste, with chain restaurants peddling Chef/Designer highly stacked fusion flavors masking average casual food for a larger tab per serving. Even the hords of young, large bossomed hostesses, bartenders and waitresses in black t-shirts are the attractions that were first ubiquitous in Scottsdale, then downtown Phoenix around the Diamondback Stadium, has now moved to the west side of the Valley! Margarittaville, Johnny Rockets, Fox Sports Grill, Kabuki Japanese...all formula chains for the average masses who think they are getting something special, but aren't. Meanwhile, the Superbowl early this year, the reason why this complex was completed (and for the new football Stadium) has come and gone, the housing boom has collapsed, and the westside house prices have dropped 30 - 40%. Consequently, within a couple of blocks, the luxury condos are being auctioned off, the Westgate Offices atop the stores are empty, and so are the new office buildings. The anchor Hotel the Renassaince, also a Westin of Kierland  poser, is nicely lit but largely empty. There is a conference center attached, so it might get some occupancy other than Football season weekends, but the Homewood Suites nearby has got to be a summer bargain hotel.This is classic Valley gaudiness at its worst. And it is set conveniently off the Loop 101 at Glendale Road near the Agua Fria riverbed, but otherwise it is a vast open field of former farm land. Still, it is the only decent mall within miles, so it is a beacon for the young and bored westsiders looking for something besides their quiet bedroom communities of strip malls and convenience stores.
2	Hmmm Wesgate. Though i have had a lovely time here because of the company i was keeping. The truth is this little strip mall is ehh. Its pretty much  another suburb/commercial structure that seems to be taking over the Arizona land. If your in the mood for that or want to go to an amc you can hit this place, but its not somewhere to go out of your way too.
3	3 stars for proximity and choices for dining before or after a Cards game.   This review is totally w/ a football game in mind.Wow, thoroughly enjoyed that game against Buffalo...but I digress.Westgate is mostly dining establishments, definitely not going to keep you busy with shopping, but the energy on game day makes it a fun place to visit.  My teenage daughter really liked the feel of the place and wants to visit with her cousins.  We may try to have lunch and go to a movie at Westgate before heading over to downtown for the opening of Glendale Glitters.I'm not sure what percentage of development is done for Westgate, there is a lot of vacant land still so I anticipate that in time there will be more, but for a place to kill some time before an event at Jobing or UPIG I enjoyed the Westgate.One major ding, and possibly at the request of the restaurants:  after the Cards 1st playoff win, we decided to hang around afer the game.  No Colts vs. Bolts on the huge screen outside?  Just adds for Westgate??  What the heck?  I love that folks can hang before the games and watch one of the televised games, crab a hot dog, buy a drink, t-shirt, get their face painted, etc.  The Westgate should really consider continuing it post-game.
1	Situated amidst vast "parking lagoons," (to borrow the words of James H. Kunstler) the Westgate City Center is about as far away as one can get from anything "city."In this development, one can enjoy chain restaurants, a movie or pseudo-Las Vegas monuments to capitalism (read: giant-sized billboards). However, one will surely not enjoy the randomness and sense of discovery that makes experiencing a true urban environment (i.e. San Francisco, Manhattan, etc.) so worthwhile. At Westgate, the 'city" is planned. Don't expect to wander upon a trendy boutique, art cinema or bodega. This is a Phoenix strip mall writ large.I hate the name "city center" for this development as it leads one to expect the kind of "new urbanist" development present in Reston, Virginia, Seaside, Florida or Portland, Oregon. Those are true live-work-play destinations. They are not surrounded by "parking lagoons."Come to Westgate for a cartoon of Disneyland or Las Vegas in metro Phoenix, but go elsewhere for a true urban experience.
2	Watergate.Troopergate.Westgate.Ugh! Seriously. It's like City Walk in Universal City, CA had an ugly step sister. Like City Walk is Marcia and Westgate is Jan. I mean really people. It's always Marcia, Marcia, Marcia. Well, she was prettier for God's sake. And here in Glendale, we have Jan....AwkwardBad signagePedestrian retailersChain restaurants with UNINSPIRED employeesParking lots arranged by, oh, I don't know, Helen KellerI thought this might be the reason to lure my snooty CenPho ass to the westside. But. No. Still the only reason to trek up the 101 is still mom and dad in Sun City. And the parking in their driveway is a breeze.
2	To all you Scottstitutes,We've noticed that ever since Westgate opened, you've been quite the fixture at your modest, trendy over-priced hellhole of a strip mall. We really do appreciate your company, and we especially appreciate all of that fancy Scottsdale money you keep throwing at all the local businesses. But I'm getting the feeling that you're still not "getting" it. There seems to be some misunderstandings and misconceptions about Westgate, and I would like to take this opportunity to clear some of them up for you.1) I don't care how expensive your meal or that new pair of Pumas was, you're still on the west side. Hence all the CHAINS. That 40 dollar bottle of face cream your girlfriend just got could've been bought at Arrowhead Mall. 2) This is NOT your neighborhood. Don't let the condos and 12 dollar appetizers fool you. One step outside of the parking lot and you're in the fucking jungle, my friend. And the jungle is a "no popped collar" zone. I've looked into it. 3) While some of the businesses may seem to have been imported from Scottsdale, the uninspired employees who work at these establishments are definitely not. You may have noticed that when you try to park in certain public spaces by the stadium, you'll be approached by grizzled men in "parking staff" shirts demanding that you pay them to park in "their" area. Or that when you complain to the waiter that your meal is being rained on by a leaky pipe, he just laughs and offers you a napkin. This is the west side, sucka. As Dracula once said, "our ways are not your ways".4) While the tragically underdressed plebians and their families roaming the strip mall may be unsightly and crude, the fact is THEY LIVE HERE. 5) Don't bitch about how happy hour is so crowded. This is the only time that the aforementioned locals can afford to eat at all these fine establishments. 6) If the piano bar on the second level charges you a cover, it's probably because they don't think your girlfriend is all that hot. Or because you don't have one in the first place. Oh, burned by the doorman!7) If there's a wait to get a table at Yardhouse, the last thing you should do is walk back and forth by the patio waiting for a table to magically open up. It only entices those with a table to order more booze and keep their table longer. 8) If you're afraid of clowns or people in stilts, don't go to Margaritaville before a game/concert. They can sense your fear and will only use it against you.9) While it may be tempting, do not make out on the escalator, no matter how hard the mood strikes you. There is a 80 percent chance that some teenager is running as fast as fast as he can to go in the opposite way on the one you're on. 10) If you're going to ask me what time it is, at least have the common fucking sense to hide your watch. if you can't figure out what I am, then you can stand by the restrooms and see which one I go into, like all the other sane people do.Thank you/go fuck yourself,Jetta
3	Wow, this place is massive.  We came to see a concert at the jobing.com arena.  Unfortunately the Cardinal game had ended maybe an hour previously so the two lane entrance we used was jammed and not for the impatient (me).  We had about an hour before the show yet not one restaurant we found had the ability to feed us if they were able to even seat us.  Apparently these places can't handle a rush.  Go figure.  The concert venue was okay, small enough that there aren't many bad seats.  We opted to eat after the show.  No choices outside of the usual cookie-cutter chains.  We made the mistake of eating at Margaritaville for the view of the water fountains.  They had a late-night happy hour with a selection of sliders nachos and such.   I'm going to keep it short and just say that it's not a good choice.  The staff was very friendly and helpful however.
4	Great for out of towners going to games at Jobing dot com arena or U. of Phoenix Stadium. Food inside the stadium is disappointing so we recommend you either tailgate or go to Westgate before or after.  Sight lines inside the stadium were good but in the far reaches of the terrace section (row 17), I felt the lighting on the field was weak (take binoculars if you are that high, we did).  We attended the NFC Championship game and stayed nearby at the Marriott Summerhill Suites. Made stops walking along the way, slightly off site at Cabella's (Disneyland for both NRA and REI types),  Cracker Barrel, (awesome breakfasts where cholesterol is not an issue) and Gordon Biersch Brewery (folks, a second or even third location does not constitute a chain). They brew the beer on site, for crying our loud. Heifeweisen was excellent, as was the service.   I'm a fan of the Westgate as well. It's garish in a Phoenix kinda way, where they like...built a city in a desert, y'know. But as a public space, it works, the way piazza's in Italy work... pedestrian friendly meeting and shopping spaces.  We had great gellato, sushi, and would have gone to Yardhouse, which in addition to beers from everywhere on tap has an excellent menu. Try all the small plates sometime with friends.  Even in our Eagles garb, folks were friendly and not mean.  I don't understand the meaning of the huge Vegas style ad boards on top, but they did light the space well. From the second level, looking down on the dancing fountains was a treat. Phoenix has a world class facility that others should emulate. Now go forth Cardinals and beat the Steelers.
2	I have to agree with all said by Thomas S.  This is a place filled with "trendy" chain restaurants, shops which don't have any reason to exists, and everything is overpriced.  All of this is fine, all of this I take with a grain of salt because of the Coyotes and Cardinals stadium.But then, there are the people.  Goddamn, the people here are incredibly low class and rude.  Some 35+ balding man decided to cuss me out because I made a U-turn to get a parallel parking spot so I could make the Coyotes game.  Then his parents started in on me and my guy.  Yeah, 55+ men yelling at a 21 yr old girl and her guy.  Real f-ing classy.  I can see why they hang out at Westgate, the other people aren't any better.
1	Two words: Zombie mall. As if going to a successful mall weren't bad enough, this one adds the unavoidable stench of failure to the outing. The place is doing maybe 10% of the business it needs to break even, I'd say. A good number of closed storefronts. Lots of activity on game nights, but then the place is crammed full of loud-mouthed douchebags. So if that's your cup of tea....On the upside: Plenty of free parking!It's sad that just when it seemed Glendale (the Valley's raggedy stepsister) might have something going for it... this is what they get. If you're in this part of town, head east on Glendale Ave and go to the "historic" downtown, which they've done a pretty good job with. La Perla is still a solid dinner joint. Whatever you do, run away from the plastic brand-name chain shops in this Westgate place, unless you like that sort of thing, in which case you'd probably be just as happy going to your nearest Applebee's, so why drive farther?
4	I am not sure what people want out of this mall but it suits my needs just fine. After a game I can go to the movies. Before the game I can eat and have a few cheaper priced drinks. We can hang out at the Piano bar without kids (ASU) starting fights. I can eat, drink and dance at Margaritaville and not be worried about having a good time. Trendy... meh, you can't fill a mall with Mom and Pop type places. Ghost mall... just like everywhere else. Parking... Open and FREEThis place has no culture like Cen Pho but it can be a good time.
1	My wife and I went to the Westgate New Year's Eve celebration last night only to be extremely disappointed.  Entry into the outdoor area was $20 or $10 if bought in advance, then every bar charged an additional $25-$50 cover charge.  The drink prices were about what we expected, but selection at the bars outside was extremely limited.  The band, Metalhead was less than average.  They reminded me of some garage bands I heard back in the day.  The "countdown" to midnight started 5 mins early, then it stopped and restarted again.  Less than climatic to say the least.  Needless to say, we will not return next year and recommend if you are thinking about going to this you should reconsider.
2	um.. old people place? lol sorry everyone, but if its not rocking out some recent rock or hip hop.... its older people place.  Not sure what to expect since I'm coming from LA, I guess not as bad of a review unless I lived in Vegas uh? hahaBut this place on a Saturday night has lots of people but since the place is so huge & has such wide open areas... it really looked like the center needed more people.Parking: PlentyAtmosphere: Billboards are probably more trendy then the whole happening areas.  Crowd is older than 30+, so no messed up rowdy annoying high schoolers or college crowds around?  Respectful & fun still, its what you make of it right?  Genuinely nice people. I mean I think I'm being really nice for giving 1+ star.  Seems like everyone else in AZ is rating near the same I rate it =/  Still a place to check out though.  And if you're a tourist, probably a good place to still check out since theres alot of restaurants & such.  So thinking this place's age crowd ranges from 30+?
2	Boring. It's a City Walk wanna be.Pretty much against my will I came out here because one of Mike's friend's was in town and staying with someone who lived out here. I was hoping to convince them to meet in the middle and go downtown, but no luck. I don't get why you would take an out-of-towner here when it's nothing, but chains, but whatever. There's nothing special about this place. It was very bright and they blocked off the road between Saddle Ranch and Margaritaville, although I'm not sure why because I didn't think the area was that busy. The only plus here was the parking was free.
4	Westgate wasn't too bad as it was actually kinda of cool to come out of the arena after the hockey game on 3/2 into the plaza with the fountains right in the center.  What I like that Phoenix ( Downtown ) lacks is all the places you can hit up to eat and or drink after the game and or concert.Don't get me wrong there are places to go in Phoenix after a game but its virtually a ghost town after a night game.  However, there is a cool spot to go in the same plaza as Chase Field prior to a ballgame especially an afternoon game.Back in Glendale once you walk out of the arena you are walking into action and we almost caught a movie but then decided against it but that's what Westgate is all about.  Plenty to do before and after the game.One major disappointment is that after the game we wanted to eat at Johnny Rockets because the food in the arena was disgusting.  Anyways, we walk into the restaurant and I would say at least 70% of the restaurant dining area was messy with food left on the table from previous diners.Keep in mind that it was obvious that the restaurant had a major rush but come on that is unacceptable to have a messy dining room that bad and to top it off as messy as it was they certainly should have had more than one person cleaning.In closing, Westgate is the wannabe Scottsdale.  Westgate don't have shit on Scottsdale but for the WESTSIDE its great and doable.  Next time I will definitely arrive 2-3 hours before game time ( Hockey ) and enjoy dinner and some drinks.
3	Despite the nice layout, design, and store variety of the City Center, I was still heartily disappointed. Some friends and I were merely trying to find a parking spot to do some shopping and things of the sort when we were notified that it was going to cost us a hefty $30 to park in a MALL parking lot. Outrageous. Turns out the WWE was in town and I guess they wanted to get some extra cash out of the mullet sporting, dentally challenged fans of Wrestlemania. Cool I guess, but not for us that were just trying to buy some swag. They offered some sort of validation system to reclaim some of the $30 coughed up, but it all seemed more than shifty in nature so we decided to park elsewhere. Everything else about this nice outdoor shopping center is exceptional. So waddya say Westgate? Create a better system for those of us not there for the events at the stadium across the way?
4	We love Saddle Ranch during Happy Hour.  All of their drinks (minus bottles of wine) are half off..even the tall drafts!  The appetizers are also half off, we like the big sampler platter that has multiple burgers, wings, ribs, sweet potato fries and onion rings, this platter easily feeds my husband and I as our meal for only $10!  We have never dined there for the regular menu but everything coming out on the trays looks good, although a little pricey.
3	Very average food. Overpriced 7.00 draft. Mostly bud products 12.00 burger. No towels in bathroom no hd tv for college football. Even ripped/worn out menus. After the game went back... the group I was with wanted to party in the area and this was the only place you could get in. The band was good.I was amazed that the bartenders would not let you buy more than one beer at a time. Cant buy one for your date unless they come to the bar with you. Really stupid and I have never seen this outside an arena.There are too many choices in this complex to waste your money here.
2	I find Westgate's existence very perplexing. Speaking strictly as an eastsider, I can't image ever coming all the way out to this place for any reason other than an event at the arena or stadium. And even if I were a westsider, I'd probably avoid the place because I'd have to check that there isn't a game or concert going on if I want to go there. The parking situation is an absolute mess if there is an event going on. Somebody please build another access road or two to the Loop 101! While I like most of the bars and restaurants in Westgate, there's nothing special about them. It's mostly chains that you can find elsewhere in the valley. Some of the shops are unique, but not unique enough to justify a ride out west. Westgate is too big for the hockey crowd, but too small to support the football crowd. Good luck getting into any of the bars before or after a Cardinals game. If you're one of the few who went to see the Coyotes play, the place is all yours after the game is over. You'd also expect there to be more fast food options for the people just trying to avoid high prices inside the venues, but there are only a few. I will give the designers credit, the place is beautifully set up. The fountains are nice to look at and getting around is simple. It's just too bad it's not in an area that's set up for foot traffic unless there's 60,000 people in the area for a game. And when that's the case, I'd rather stay away from these shops.
5	What a bunch of whiny Southwesterners.  Westgate is a terrific accessory  built to take advantage of the arena and the stadium.  I am sure that the business generated by out of town visitors for games was the motivation, not the few rubles dropped by the pretentious locals who seem to like to complain about everything.  It is what it is supposed to be and serves the purpose well.
3	Westgate has a few more restaurants now but stil need more shops for shopping to come along.  It is starting to build up but slowly.  It was nice to walk around from dinner, but the amount of teenage kids there were a little annoying.  Guess I am not the mommy type!
4	I don't see why everyone is giving Westgate such a low rating.  Yea, it's a little pricy.  What are you expecting? We aren't eating at the neighborhood McDonalds. Yea, it's on the Westside of town.  If the drive bothers you, move closer. Maybe that would improve your rating a little.  Westgate has a lot to offer no matter what side of town it's on.  I like the variety of places to choose from. Whether you're looking for a place to eat, looking to get your drink on, or in the mood for some shopping; Westgate has it all.  I usually gravitate twards Westgate on Fridays and Saturdays for the nightlife, (see my night hawk badge? haha) where you will find a bunch of twenty-something and thirty-something club/bar hoppers looking to have a good time.  Sundays during football season are awesome.  Tailgating on the lawn is probably some of the most fun I have at Westgate. If you've never been, you have to try out this place.
4	If your going to see the Phoenix Coyotes at Jobing.com arena.....or the Arizona Cardinals at the University of Phoenix stadium....then you you can't really miss the experience that is the Westgate City Center. Now it is not a spectacular mall by any means...and the parking is a bit confusing...but it does have it's own flair and style. During the summer months it is the perfect place to go after a game or event at the stadiums...because you can grab some dinner....a drink...take a nice walk....or just hang out and watch the stars in the beautiful skies over Glendale Arizona.  The best part about all of this along with the close proximity to the stadiums.....is the parking is FREE....can't beat that. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
2	Oh, Westgate Center... I live just down the street from this shiny mecca of overpriced, mediocre chains. While I have never attended a sporting event or concert here I do frequent a few of the establishments within this development periodically. If you must eat here I recommend Kabuki (Japanese) or the Yard House (American, upscale pub food with an impressive beer and liquor menu). My boyfriend and I attended the 2011 New Year's Eve event here with a few friends for two reasons: 1)we had just moved here and 2) were too exhausted to do much of anything else. That was a huge mistake! I felt slightly misled as to what we were gaining access to upon paying for admission. Our admission allowed us to only stand in the middle of the common area and listen to a band and pay for a fairly expensive, limited variety of cocktails. All of the bars and restaurants had their own separate cover. Call me crazy, but that seems like a ridiculous business plan. It would have made more sense if they had raised the cover and allowed all of those people to flow freely through the restaurants and bars that Westgate offers. Don't be so stingy Westgate!
4	My home away from home. Great bars and food, shopping, girls, and douchebags. Alittle bit of everything
4	How can you not love Westgate??? They really do have it all for everyone!!! Plenty of places to get a bite to eat. A few places you can enjoy are Southwest Moes, Margarita, Johnny Rockets, Ocean Blue, Cold Stone, a new pizza place that slips my mind, and so much more. If you want BBQ, frozen yogurt, burgers, steak, or what ever else makes you say yum...they have it! If you have the itch to shop, they can satisfy your every need! I always pop in to Just Sports to see what they have for my favorite Valley team...Go Coyotes!!! Speaking of entertainment! They have it all... a huge AMC movie complex, first class Jobbing.com Arena (Phoenix Coyotes NHL hockey, concerts, and more), UPS right next door for Cards football, and conventions. Plenty of thirst quenching bars, and one certain days of the week, live music in the splash pad area in front of AMC. As if you need more...WG is clean, safe, easy to get to from any place in the Valley, and plenty of free parking! I am not the only one who loves this place. Every time my family gets visitors from New York come in, WG is always a must stop!
4	I like that we have a sports venue in the West Valley, I think that this place has tons of more potential but under the current recession it will take time to recover and get the growth we need all around this place.  I love that Cabelas is over here and 2 movie theaters nearby.  I enjoy the food options when we are in this area and sometimes drive out of my way to come here since Park West is also nearby on 101 & Northern.  We came here this weekend and the kids walked around with us and we enjoy all the fountains and the kid area where children can play in the water.
2	Good lord, this place was lame on a Saturday. We went around 11:30 a.m. to eat lunch at Moe's Southwest Grill and Which Witch, and afterwards, we wanted to check out the shops. A little after noon, only a handful of shops were open and those were pretty much only the big name shops. Even shops that had signs indicated they should be open, weren't. I don't know anything about retail shopping centers but it seems that Westgate should regulate that. As a result of so many shops being closed, we were bored out of our minds. Our 4 year old probably enjoyed herself the most on the splash pad. I have been here before for a concert and it gets happening at night around the restaurants. But retail shops, um not so much.
1	Men walking around with a smile on their face saying please shoot me I hate my life. The women hanging on there mans arm with a smile on her face cause she has him trapped in her living hell, with their 2.5 beastly children running around driving every other patron of the place nuts while mom & dad ignore them. Yeah, let's go shopping for cheap clothes and home goods made in a third world country by an eight year old child, or let's eat a place that you can eat at anywhere in the USA and not taste a drop of seasoning!
4	I have no problem with this place, very convenient when you want to eat, watch a movie. Even if you're at a Coyotes or Cardinal game, you can get a bite or drink before or after the game. Has a nice selection of shop to browse through! Quick tip, there are other restaurants across the streets or further up on their parking lot. They can use more shops, but this can really be a nice place.
4	This is a super shopping and entertainment center that's much like the "riverwalk" or "city walk" places that some cities are setting up as destinations. This place has everything you would need for a successful date night - ice cream shops, restaurants, multi-screen movie theater, shopping (large chains and small one-off's) and what would be complete without excellent beer options!Parking is good and I noticed a strong security presence of rent-a-cops and actual cops. Perhaps that was because there was an NFL game the next day at the nearby University of Phoenix stadium, but I'm glad that they were there.
4	We were out here for the first time last night waiting on a concert to start at Jobing.com arena. I have never been to Westgate-what a cool place! Since I'm an east-side dweller, I usually visit Tempe Marketplace or occasionally venture north to Desert Ridge. This had a similar design with a huge water feature and was nicely decorated with lights for the holidays. There were a handful of restaurants-although nothing to stir my fancy too much, and various shops around. The open design is always nice in Arizona, and the way this one was built encourages a lot of people to sit and just enjoy the place. There is also a huge movie theater and plenty of parking.
3	Yard house....and Gordon BierschI don't care for any of the shops to be quite honest with you.would i drive out of my way to go to west gate for a girls night out or anything?? Or even for a dinner date with my man? NOT A CHANCE!Way too far for me, and nothing that exciting. Its justa mediocre spot for me. I go there if I really HAVE too. When some one says west gate, I think Ugh...Nooo =[DEFINITELYNOT worth a 30-40 minute drive. If i lived close by then that might be my only option but since I don't i have far more places here in chandler that keep me plenty satisfied and my wallet content.
4	Maybe it's just because I'm from Las Vegas and we don't have any of the super awesome cool stuff they have here in Phoenix metro, but this place is super awesome! I mean seriously. A movie theater, lots of shops and dinning, fountains and lights everywhere anchored by a huge arena with an awesome Coyotes hockey team inside. What more can you ask for?! Miuns one star because of the location (I'm spoiled, not use to driving more than 15 minutes to anything), and also the selection of stores and restaurants seem a little short. It feels like there is suppose to more to this. Other than that, I'm for sure a fan of this awesomeness!
1	Ive been many times to westgate and am soo dissapointed everytime,first of all if u want any thing to drink other than a beer forget about it,none of the bartenders there have any clue how to make a drink and wont even try,the food at all the places is GARBAGE ive tryed different stuff on all the menus and its all gross..the bars are full of kids and the servers and bartenders are rude and incompetent..the yard house is probably the only place worth going to there but expect to spent at least 60 dollers for a couple drinks and an appetizer,'hells half acre' is a scottsdale lounge wanna be with incredibly unattractive waitresess dressed in lingerie,'the shout house' duel piano bar is murder on the ears,also the entire place is CRAWLING with cops stairing you down and u gotta wear a bracelet to get in the places gently placed on u by one of the cop wanna be 'bouncers' at the door who eyeball u up and down before going in..westgate is not a fun time at all,,go to tempe or scottsdale instead.
3	Definitely a place to bring out towners. Fountain show is a must.  But lately all the shops seem to be closed. What's happening to this place. So much potential. Arizona needs a cool attraction like this especially in the west valley. Please don't let this place fade, keep it kicking.
5	I'm going to defy the norm here:Westgate is superb.  There are a ton of dining options, bars, a movie theater, and it is very close the the football stadium (and it is joined to the hockey arena).  There aren't many retail shops though.The Yardhouse is definitely my top choice for happy hour.  Kabuki runs the second best happy hour on a Friday and Buffalo Wild Wings has their wing specials on Tuesday and Thursday.I also enjoy getting my haircut at MUG, where you get the extra perks (razor finish with a hot towel and massage).  The movie theater is also generally solid.  The center courtyard also has a fountain/ play area where kids usually run through in their bathing suits as their parents relax in the surrounding sofas.  So, there are definitely some good options here that have kept me coming back for more.
2	Okay Westgate is cool but really when ever did a public place close expeccially a parking lot? The cops force you to leave no matter if you saying goodbye to a loved one or not if it's after 12 you better leave right away or be forced by police....I'm sorry but if you need to kick people out you need to get gates to lock up at the end of the night, it's not right when people just want to talk to their friends they have bars there but we can't talk to our friends!
2	it seems strange, but there doesn't seem to be anyone around....??? this seems like an empty mall parking lot.......is it for real?
4	I've been here a few times over the past few years, and I have to say, its not half bad. Lots of shopping, food, a movie theater, and its close to the arenas that you can be in the center of everything for sports and concerts.I will say, every time I come here it's never packed and I can't figure out why.  Parking is ample, and there's even a hotel on site as well!  This place is great to go to eitehr before or after a concert or a sporting event, as there's plenty to do. Go check it out!
3	In the last decade, there has been a proliferation of locations like this around the country.  This one is near the Glendale Sports Complex, so it should attract a lot of out of towners.  If I was a local, I don't think I'd come here often.  It is pretty touristy.  Selection of shops and restaurants is OK, but nothing special.  Parking is plentiful and free.  I find it curious that they also have a free shuttle to the local outlet mall.  OK to stop if you want to seek out one of the shops or restaurants, but would not be a good place to browse.
4	Busy!  Busy!  Busy!!!
5	Lots to do, great for people watching, huge sports stadium, ample parking, beautiful fountain!
5	Great hang out spot! I have lived in the West Valley for over 8 years now and this side needed some entertainment. There's plenty to chose from to fit everyone's budget. I will be going back
3	If you are unfortunate enough to live in Glendale/Phoenix, you could try migrating here for something to do.  Westgate had potential but for some reason it continues to stay pretty shady at night.  I've worked here before and visited several times to check out the bars and there's no rhyme or reason to it, it's very hit-or-miss.  Saddle Ranch and Yard House always seem to be fun and busy.  The shops scattered around aren't anything to write home about and the fountain area is usually annoyingly loud with children trampling through the water bursts and then at night it usually switches to a teenager/date hangout.  If you are into the bar scene or staying at the Renaissance, it's fun to walk over and have some drinks/dinner but I definitely wouldn't go out of your way to make it to Westgate.  At night it's usually a fight waiting to happen and on UFC fight nights you'll want to avoid the area as it gets filled with "tough guys".  Lots of the stores that were once there have closed as well.  If you are a young professional or want a night out on the town, I'd definitely opt for downtown as it's a bit more upscale and professional.
2	Plenty of chain restaurants and bars to keep people entertained for pre- or post- fun when going to the Jobing.com Arena or UoP Stadium. There is a spot on the west side of the City Center where all the scalpers hang out, off the sidewalk by the parking lot. We've gotten some good tickets pretty cheap from them.I like hanging out at one of the restaurants or bars after a game and wait out the traffic. The nearby Yardhouse is my personal fav for the selection of beers, don't expect any place in that area to have cheap drinks on a game day. I'm not sure about other days though.
2	For nightlife Westgate is about as good as it gets on this side of town - and that's just not good enough! It feels like a shopping mall of corporate bars. Seriously, if you are visiting from out of town and you want to have some adult fun - you MUST visit Old Town Scottsdale - the best bars, clubs, restaurants, art and live entertainment. Please don't judge our beloved valley by the west side!
1	This place is like the great lost city of Atlantis that was buried beneath the sea before people ever moved into it.  Or like some great monument to civic pride built in Chernobyl  shortly before large quantities of radioactive particles were inadvertently released into the atmosphere and it had to be abandoned too quickly to even demolish it first.  It feels good to be so dramatic!  But seriously, it is a waste of resources.  For example, the surrounding Glendale Public School District services a population of students wherein 87% receive free and/or reduced price lunches...and every single school in the district receives designated funds from the federal government to compensate for funds that simply cannot be supplied by taxpayers local to this area.  The few establishments that actually seem to be in operation are restaurants and bars that are grossly overpriced considering these facts.  Try to enjoy your 10.00 beer from Saddle Ranch now.And on top of all that, it's completely devoid of culture.  Like Mill Avenue with only 1/8th of the amount of people.  And there's cockroaches.  The last time I was there I was using the toilet and had to step on one before it crawled up my leg.  Then it's legs and bloody bug guts got stuck to my shoe. Much like a metaphor for Westgate City Center.
2	My cousins were in town this past weekend and insisted we do some club crawling at West Gate. I was half sold on the idea as I had just returned home from NYC. I was exhausted and running on fumes but I agreed; with regrets of course.  Although the property is nice and the weather could not have been better I really don't know how people can afford to go out on the town. Every bar/restaurant had a cover charge and absolutely no drink specials to be found anywhere. Where I come from, 2-4-1 specials are the norm and you can always count on a shot special too. Not here! I was broke after 5 stops at 5 bucks a pop and a round of drinks costing me 25 to 35 bucks...I was so sticker shocked I couldn't even work up a slight buzz. We also went to a club which I would say could qualify as uber-ghetto.  I've not seen that much twerking since...well, hmm never mind...Let's just say way more than what I need to see for a lifetime. These people were out of control. I was standing there with my group and it was so crowded, I was soaking wet from booze all the way down my back into my favorite leather loafers.  I even observed someone smash a glass in the middle of the dance floor and just kept right on dancing. This shiz was unbelievable. Fast forward to the next morning, I discovered scratches on my calves and the back of my shirt was stained from what must have been vodka-crans, Jaeger bombs, big-butt beers (yes, they have those) and who knows what else. One things for sure, it wasn't my doing.  All I know is this was one big fat been-there-done-that for me. West Gate and your overpriced douchey establishments... no thank you, I'll stay put in my bubble.
1	This is an overpriced tourist trap filled with chain everything... the only thing that i liked about this place was that it was attached to jobing.com arena, cardinal stadium and they had outdoor entertainment (performers)... Ohhh and the cremation advertisement was pretty funny as well.If you want to go to a game here parking is partially free during games. However in some areas it is $25 or more!!! yeah I was totally surprised by this... So if you show up early, its free, if you dont you pay! This mall is multiple stories of restaurants, shops, a theater, and who knows what all else. Pro Tip: Avoid this place unless you are going to a game here...This place is also good for one last thing, people watching. I was laughing pretty hard as a couple of girls wearing lingerie and fishnets strolled by on their way to a bar. What was super funny was they were not the type of ladies you would want to see wearing lingerie and fishnets out and about in public. Perhaps this is the only city around where this is not out of the norm and no one, I repeat no one did a double take.Seriously Phoenix and its surrounds are super unique and have some very humerus moments to say the least. So keep your eyes peeled if you come here and if not, count yourself pretty dayem smart... The restaurant I went to here really sucked as well...
5	I was surprised at Westgate City Center!  I have no spent any time in Glendale.  We had tickets to a show at the stadium, which is located in City Center.  It was clean, nicely laid out and had a good selection of places to eat.  Great place to chill before or after a games/show
3	If it wasn't for the fountain and Yardhouse and the fact I live in walking distance of westgate I would probably never go. There are hardly any stores mostly places to eat but its expensive if you are not eating on happy hour. Also If I didn't live in walking distance I would go because you have to know if an event is going on now, because if it is you gotta pay to park.
5	Always have a great time at Westgate! There is shopping, restaurants and entertainment all within this beautiful plaza. Catching a hockey game is a MUST DO while here. The hockey arena is top notch! I have been to many sports facilities in my time and this is the only one that offers plentiful parking and amazing places to go chill at before and/or after games. Westgate is kept clean, has fun festivals offered, and has two beautiful fountains, there's even one that you can actually walk through to cool off! Most of the restaurants have patios to enjoy people watching and taking in the scenery. There are also taxi cabs lined up to take you home if needed, never needing to call one or wait. I love having Westgate so close to my house!
4	It was nice to hang outside by the fountain as the summer begins to reveal itself.  My daughter had a great time playing. Not as much seating but if come prepared you can make it work.
4	Took layla here on a Thursday night to play in the splash pad with a friend. Had a great time. We were here from 5pm to 630 ish and it wasn't crowded at all. We brought snacks for the kids to eat. Didn't have time to get a drink afterwards at one of tue restaurants but that is our usual routine after going to the splash pad at here.
2	The only reason I ever come way out this way is if I'm going to see a concert at Jobing.com Arena. I don't really see any other reason to. Sure, there are a bunch of restaurants, and  I think some shopping, but it's only there to kill time before or after a show. The parking here is THE WORST EVER if you're coming for a concert. Especially if there is also a football game happening next door. There are a ton of people directing traffic, but none of them are aware of what the other is doing. We sat in one spot for, no joke, like 20 minutes. Meanwhile we could see a parking lot not even half full right next to the road we were stuck on. Once we finally made it into the parking lot, there was no discernible reason for the traffic besides the people directing it stopping it for their own amusement. It's a nightmare.I almost decided to just say "fuck it" and leave because of the horrible traffic.Leaving wasn't too bad, except you have the same problem but in reverse. The traffic directors trying to control traffic, and the drunk and tired people completely ignoring them. Then once you get onto a major road, they have half the lanes blocked off for no apparent reason. Other than the terrible traffic, this place is all right. If you come on a night where there is a sold out show, be prepared for waits up to an hour and a half at every single restaurant. Eat and pee before you get here and bring a flask and you're good to go.
4	Are you not entertained? This is pretty much a playground for adults. No way you can come here and not find something you like. Yeah, I get it, there are tons of chain restaurants...but come on, when have you been so picky that you can't eat wings...or Yard House...or Tex-Mex. Actually, scratch that, don't get any of the Tex-Mex available here. In fact, don't eat ANYWHERE that doubles as a club late at night. But do drink in those places. Go barhopping because you can find any liquor, any beer, or any genre of music. Most places here don't stick out to me. On their own, only 2-3 establishments break the four-star barrier. However, all the options transform into a giant gathering area greater than the sum of its parts. Oh, and there's the sports teams and the movie theater. This rivals Bell Road for coolest place in the West Valley, and makes a good reprieve from other nightlife hotspots like Scottsdale and Roosevelt.
4	Reading through the reviews, lots of people really seem to hate this place because of the chain restaurants, unclassy clientele and the bad parking.  Well, then go somewhere else!For us, we don't enjoy hanging out at the bars on a Friday or Saturday night.  But, we do work late, so the fact that there are decent places to eat late at night during the week, really works for us.Yard House has always had decent food, with a huge list of options.  You can pretty much get whatever you're in the mood for.  Saddle Ranch Chop House is a bit loud for me, and I could really do without the bull, but again, they have some decent food, and lots to choose from.I had never been to Buffalo Wild Wings until the other night.  It was very good!  We had a super-nice waitress, which always makes any dining experience so much better.  The cheese curds were yummy (they don't even need the sauce).  And, hubby and I shared a large wings, we each picked 2 sauces.  I'm a fan of the honey BBQ!For the others, Shane's Rib Shack...so good!  Which Wich...not a fan.  Chipotle...I actually preferred when it was Moe's.  Kabuki...pretty good.Now, for the lack of one star...do not like McFadden's.  Went there once, and never again!  Ditto for Margaritaville!  I'm originally from South Florida, so I've been to the original one in Key West.  I got so excited when they opened out here, but that soon went away.  The servers were horrid, and the food was just bad.  Plus, considering they're supposed to be a bar-type restaurant, they're one of the few that close really early. We still haven't tried Whiskey Rose or Calico Jack's.  Calico Jack's is advertised, both on their website and on their front door, as being open until 2am every night.  Well, we tried to go there at 12:05am, and they were already closing.  After we'd left Saddle Ranch, a little after 1am, we walked by, and their lights were all off.  If you don't want to stay open until 2am on a Thursday, then don't advertise that you are.We also enjoy the outer rim restaurants, like Gordon Biersch (yummy!!) and My Big Fat Greek Restaurant (they serve my favorite salad). We really only come to Westgate to have meals. We wouldn't go near the place during gamedays or concerts, mainly because of crowds and parking.  But, we're aware of that, so we don't get all upset, like some other reviewers.  If we're going to an event at the arena or stadium, then we make sure to eat at the event or before we get there.
4	If you build it they will come.Westgate Entertainment District is a  great place to come, relax and enjoy hanging out.  Westgate offers a variety of dining establishments and refreshments as you stroll around the district enjoying the sights and sounds. There is so much to do at Westgate Entertainment District. I really enjoy sitting in front of the waterfalls and watching the water fountains that are synchronized to music. My nephew likes the splash pad especially on those hot summer days.Westgate has a AMC movie theater, large variety of restaurants, arts &crafts,  and specialty shops to choose from, and did I mention the Tanger Outlets are right across the street within walking distance.If you have some time to spare; Westgate  is a great place to do it.
4	We saw Santa Clause! Kids had a great time. Very pretty atmosphere. Ice Scating.
