3	The salad bar was five stars, the meat ranged from one to 3ish.  The service was great but the beers were 6 bucks a pop.  We had a good time dining at this Brazilian steakhouse, but like other experiences at these carnivore havens, I feel disgusting afterward.  It is impossible to keep yourself from filling to the brim and it is not as appealing when it is mediocre meat.  The ribeye was the only request we had for seconds.  The filet was overcooked and they wrapped other meats in bacon to disguise the rubbery taste.I do have to say that the salad bar rocked.  It was a lot more than a salad bar.  It included crab legs, beef crepes, a million different salad choices and toppings.  You cannot opt for salad bar only at dinner, so I suggest lunch where you can dine on the salad bar alone and skip the meat.
5	This place is an all-you-can-eat rodizio-style Brazilian BBQ (a churrascaria). If you haven't had it, it's quite an experience! The waiters will come to your table with skewers of various meats (steaks, ribs, sausages, ham, pork, lamb, etc.) until you flip the wooden "sinal" so the red side is up (green means go, red means stop). Oh, and there's also salad. And the desserts! You'll want three.It's on the expensive side (dinner is $30 per person + drinks + desserts) but it's well worth it to try at least once.
4	I like Fogo E Brasa very well.  All you can eat salad bar and grilled meat delivered to the table, throttled by a neat red-green-yellow indicator you get to set.  Stuffed grape leaves were the highlight of the salad bar, but there were other impressive items, including the green-shell (cooked) oysters.The top sirloin was amazingly delicious except for surface cuts, which were ridiculously salty.The pineapple, hot on the outside but not burnt, was perfect and made a tough act to follow for the items on the varied dessert cart.  The flan is tasty but of course very rich; I'm unable to enjoy more than a few spoonfuls at that point in the meal.I thought the service was quite good, with attention to detail even on the busiest evenings.  Make reservations, it does fill up.
4	We visited Fogo E Brasa this past weekend for a birthday celebration.  I was late in getting us going so I hurried inside and clicked on the Google Maps directions which sent us 20 minutes in the wrong direction.  This was fateful because when we arrived for Lunch, the salad bar was closing in a few minutes so my wife and daughters felt a bit rushed through their meals (they opted to skip on the barbeque).  Still, there was a lot of variety for lunch and they ended up filling up some extra plates and bringing them back to the table.  My son and I made a single pass through the salad, trying most of everything.  It was all very tasty.  Then the meat started coming out!  My son and I had at least six servings of everything.  Despite there being fewer selections at dinner, the meat was quite tasty (although my son commented later that it was a bit greasy for his taste.)  We ordered the Chocolate Mousse cake for dessert but they also brought a separate dessert for me, the birthday boy!  By the time we rolled out of there, I didn't need to eat until the next day!  Lunch was a great idea to save a little on money and avoid some of the crowds; just remember to get there well before 3:00 when they switch from Lunch to the Dinner buffet to avoid getting charged more.  Also, I tried the caipirinha and it was very tasty (had a similar taste to a margarita on the rocks, but better.)  All five of us ate for less than $100 so it was a pretty good experience.
2	Came here for a late lunch and was a bit disappointed. The service was polite, but very slow. The "salad" bar had a variety of less than flavorful dishes, most leaning toward the "pickled" or "vinegary" side.  I felt the tabouli had way too much parsley and lacked the fresh taste you would expect. The hummus tasted burnt. The very simple egg salad was my personal favorite.The meat offering at lunch is reduced from the dinner offerings. Sirloin, Top Sirloin, Tri-Tip, Roast Beef, Chicken, Ham, and Pork Sausage. Much of the meat was over done outside and nearly uncooked inside. The meat quality is lower than expected for this price range, too much fat and connective tissue.The ham was ok, but had the kind of texture and taste one normally associates with a pre-cooked canned ham. The chicken tasted over smoked, that is to say ash like. All of the meats seemed to have been flavored with the same spice combination, and therefore exuded a uniform taste as you moved from dish to dish. The Tri-tip stood out as being the most flavorful and stood up the best to the uneven cooking.The desert tray looked interesting but we did not partake. The alcohol prices were a bit high and we did not partake.Overall it was ok, I can't recommend it - nor would I go again for myself, but I probably wouldn't turn down a free meal there.
1	Wow...this was absolutely the worst dinning experience of our lives.  (This wasn't our first Brazilian Steakhouse)We called before to see if they took reservations.  The girl who answered the phone was clueless.  She didn't know the answer so we just asked how long the wait was since we were only about 30 minutes away.  She started rambling about seating us maybe at table 30 or table 36 and then just paused for about 30 seconds.  She finally said there would be no wait.When we got there, after a few minutes we were seated.  We waited about 5 minutes and then our waiter came by and said, "Hi, how are you doing?  Have you been....Oh, hold on, this table was here first." And then he turned around and started helping a table across from us that actually just sat down!!  (They had 6 people so he probably expected a larger bill)  After another 5 minutes with them, he came back to us and we ordered water and he explained that we turn the block to red when we're eating salad bar and to green when we want meat.  We got our salad from the salad bar. (Best part of the meal but it was still very average in our opinion)  After another 5 minutes we asked one of the server assistants for our water and for some bread that comes with all the meals.  It took another 3-4 minutes after that before they brought our water.  No bread.  We got seconds on our salad bar and came back to the table.  At that time, we decided we wanted to start trying some meat with our salad bar items.  I flipped over the block to green.  The waiter came by and flipped BACK over the block and said "NO, you're not ready!" and kept on walking by!!  We we're floored by his response, if they wanted us to wait until the sides came they could have said it more tactfully.  A few minutes later we pushed our salads to the side and flipped over our block again to show we wanted our sides and meat.  They brought over our sides (rice, beans, fried bananas, and a few other things).  Still no bread, we asked again.  They brought it a few minutes later.  So I put some rice and beans on my plate and waited for meat.  They brought by our option of meat and put it on our plates (we accepted every meat they brought by).  I started eating and took a bite of my rice.  I felt something stringy in my mouth and proceeded to pull out a long, blond hair.  We were disgusted.  I waited for our waiter to come by but after 5 minutes he didn't show up.  Finally, a meat server came by and we asked him to get our waiter.  He came by and I showed him the hair, he asked for it and examined it.  He then looked at us and said that no one in the kitchen has blonde hair...inferring it wasn't from them.  My wife and I both have brunette hair so we knew it wasn't ours.  He took away the rice and my plate and they brought by new rice and plates a few minutes later.  (No apologies at this time)  I didn't care for rice now and really wanted to try some more meat.  I waited for about 7-8 minutes until the next person came by with meat.  They put a small portion on our plates and walked away (never asked if we wanted more or a larger piece - none of the meat servers do this and they all give tiny pieces).  I ate that piece in 2 bites and waited again.  This became a pattern.  It was usually about 10 minutes between meats.  (Shouldn't be this way)  We mentioned this to our server and he said okay and walked away.  After another 30 minutes and only 2 more pieces of meat (one was pineapple) we said we had enough.   It was extremely frustrating looking around for someone to bring you meat and having to wait 10 minutes between bites.  We told the waiter we were finished.  They brought by dessert but after our experience we passed.  A few minutes passed and he dropped the check on our table and said "sorry bout the hair" and walked away.  We expected to see a discounted tab, however it was for the full amount of $65.  He came back by and we asked to speak to a manager.  He walked over to one, talked for a bit and then came back and said no manager was available, but "I am available".  We told him how unhappy we were with the experience and that we didn't believe we should have to pay this enter amount.  He then asked "Did you both eat? You both ate food so you have to pay."  We again explained how unhappy we were and brought up everything that happend.  He said there was nothing he could do.  We asked to speak to a manager.  He said no, there was nothing they could do.  We asked again and he got one. The manager walks over (and guess what, she had long blond hair) after we explained the evening, she rudely asked if the waiter saw the hair, then she said that they had people out and it was too busy, and then said they couldn't do anything about our tab.  We argued and they finally took half off.The reason why we are so upset was the customer service.  Places can have off nights, hair falls in food, but the way they handled it was absolutely pathetic.  SAVE YOUR $. DON'T GO HERE!
2	Hubby and I tried Fogo last night for my birthday. For the money, I would rather have gone to a place like Circa 1900. The salad bar was at least not a typical Sweet Tomatoes-esque affair, with egg, potato, shrimp and chicken (and many more) salads, potato lasagna, marinated mushrooms, King crab legs, and crab rangoons. Then the meats started coming fast and furious. The turkey was clearly processed, the chicken drumstick was over-seasoned and dry, the filet mignon was over-cooked and tasted like organ meat, the pork loin was quite dry, and the sausage was tough and gristle-y. My favorite was the sirloin by far. Hubby enjoyed it all more than I did, even though I am usually the bigger carnivore. The service was good, except they were constantly trying to up-sell with drinks ($7 a piece) and dessert which were not included in the $29.95 basic meal. I got a hat on my head and a ball of fudge with a candle in it for my birthday dessert. The grand total, with an appropriate tip, was $95- not worth the indigestion for the rest of the night. You can do much better than Fogo for a special night out.
4	Just about any Brazilian style steak house gets 4 stars form me.  On the plus side, the salad bar was amazing.  Fish, crab rangoons, squid salad, greek, ceaser, etc.  On the minus, the only poultry they brought us was one chicken dish, and no fish dish was provided outside the salad.  Expensive, and they do push the drinks pretty hard.  Cheesecake at the end was so-so.
3	My sister and I were visiting my dad in AZ for the weekend of Nov 30-Dec 2nd (the one weekend of the year when it rained).My dad was treating, so I can't say for sure what the price was, I'm just guessing based on other reviews.   We ordered a couple of bottles of wine (for 4 people) and my future step-bro must have had at least 4 cokes (I hope they had free refills on that at least).After seeing that desserts weren't included (sorry, dad, i didn't know!) I feel really bad about ordering two, but chocolate truffles and strawberry shortcake sounded like a magical combination.  Don't get the chocolate truffles!  They were little syrupy balls of yechhhh!  The strawberry shortcake seemed to be the best dessert offered, seeing as how my dad, his fiance, and my future step-bro all left theirs unfinished and didn't say they wish they could finish them.The salad bar was four stars, maybe.  The crab was overcooked, but everything else was pretty tasty.  Maybe they rotate the items, so we missed out on the stuffed grape leaves and crab rangoon, but had a scallop dish and marinated calamari.  The meats are done with a salt rub to tenderize (or so I've heard), so any of the outside pieces will be pretty salty.  The pineapple was delicious....mmmm....pineapple.  We had no problems with the service or with getting meats in a fairly timely manner.  At a certain point, a waitress asked us if there was anything she could bring more of, but there were only 4 meats that we had tried, so we made her bring out the other ones.  The top sirloin and the prime rib were probably the tastiest.  The bacon-wrapped turkey, sausage (too greasy) & the ham were the most skippable.My sister said it was better than a place that she tried with her boyfriend's family (they are Brazilian) in the Valley (CA), but she couldn't remember the name.
4	We came here to celebrate my sister's college graduation. I was surprised at the large wait staff, and when it was time for dinner, I realized why they needed so many people. The appetizer buffet which we were told to start with had some great seafood salad items. The squid which was marinated in olive oil and lemon juice was fresh and tasty. Once we were ready for dinner, they gave us a wooden cube which was painted green on the top half and red on the bottom. When green is on top, the meats started coming. One by one, a server brought a large piece of meat on a skewer and carved it with a large knife right onto our plates. I can't remember how many different types of meats were served, but I was stuffed by the third meat. I recall seeing top sirloin, filet mignon, chicken legs, lamb-after this it was all a blur of meats. They also served warmed pineapple slices the same way the meats were carved. I never thought I would like warm pineapple so much, but it was really good. We kept asking for more pineapple. When we were finished stuffing ourselves, we had to flip the wooden cube, so that the red part was on top. This signaled the servers to stop coming by with meat.After dinner, they brought out the gigantic dessert cart with very delightful looking desserts. None of us had any room for this and regretfully declined.Overall, if you like meat and lots of it, you won't be disappointed. Everything we had was tender, delicious and well seasoned. The servers were great. The wait staff was slow at drink refills but not terrible. Pricey but worth it for special occasions.
5	Fogo e Brasa is a Brazilian Steakhouse in Phoenix. They have what we have quickly learned is the Brazilian Steakhouse formula, big salad bar and multiple roasted meats delivered to your table on a skewer.I roared with glee when I read the review from the picky eater who ordered two desserts. Picky eaters should not go here. Fogo is about options, tastes, and above all, gluttony. Eat all you can, taste everything. When you are stuffing yourself and belching with abandon, it gets messy. There are no thoughts of strawberries for dessert. Oliver Twist overdosing on pink filet mignon, that's the idea. More! (Review based on three visits.)
4	Dinner. This visit was premeditated. I fasted for most of the day and abandoned the health-conscious mentality. My stomach was stirring up mixed feelings prior to the long drive to this place, due to some who did, or did not like Fogo E Brasa. Thoughts: 1) hope the drive is worth it, and 2) being challenged by hungerSo, arrived around 8ish, snooped around the salad bar while slyly checking out the meats in the kitchen. Salad bar was alright... you can have potato or pasta salad any day, so I skipped that. The fresh calamari looked appetizing, but it seemed as if everybody had picked out all the "good" parts. I think it was scallop ceviche, or some shellfish ceviche... it was good. But again, the good parts had been captured. Were served sides of rice, beans, pico de gallo, and breaded bananas. I thought I would enjoy the slightly carmelized, fried plantains that I'm used to, but unfortunately, not here. Onto to the M E A T.  And, into my intestines, still slowly digesting: ham, chicken enveloped in bacon, barbecue chicken, sausage (slightly dehydrated, but okay), trip tip, garlic steak (hm... this thing was tough, and will ignore next time), sirloin, prime rib, and lamb (favorite, prepared well- tender, pink middle, familiar aroma).Whoa, and you would think, after those generous cuts of meat, I'd be done. Not quite yet. Of course, you need to round it out with something to cleanse the palate. So, behold the cart of desserts. I chose the tiramisu, and I guess the gal sensed my hungry eyes, and gave me a large piece of this tiramisu. It was good tiramisu, but I couldn't taste the undertones of rum. I'll have to say I've had better. I consumed copious amounts of water thanks to the attentive waiters. Also had some red, and capirinha to aid the flow of food in system, and lilliputian-sized espresso to end the night. Now, I'm just feeling all sorts of lethargy and other things that prevent me from being productive. My initial thoughts were tended. I'll drive here again, and the food did, indeed conquer me. I won't be hungry for days.
5	WOW! It is for sure worth the experience.I'm sure you understand it has a beginning salad bar. (Don't fill up on it even if you are extremely impatient)Turn to green and the delicious meets keep coming in gigantic swords that they carve and you uses your little tongs to help it to your plate.Drinks are not included and around $3.00 for soda. Desert is not included either. But the roasted Pineapple is sure a treat. It was exciting to be served they way they do.Bottom line kinda pricey but the food was great.  We went on a Wednesday about 6ish. 6 adults 1 6 y old.($15) and 2 babies. and yes I nursed here.You will see me here again when i feel like dropping  $80 on dinner for 2.
4	Gluttony is considered one of the seven deadly sins--Pope Innocent XI said "it is a defect to eat, like beasts, through the sole motive of sensual gratification, and without any reasonable object." Well, I'm a-goin' to hell, should that place exist, because a night at Fogo E Brasa is beyond redemption. I didn't just eat like a beast I ate several beasts. We had meats of such tender quality and savory succulence that I felt like Templeton in Charlotte's web, this is a place one can glut, glut glut glut!!! Tri-tip, garlic sirloin, prime rib, pork loin, ham, chicken regular, chicken BBQ, turkey wrapped with bacon, sausage, lamb, beef kabob, top sirloin, roast beef, cooked pineapple of sweetness were all selections that flowed from the kitchen. On the table was rice and beans and fried bananas, vinegared vegetables and a wheat germ like powder. The salad bar provided stuffed calamari, chicken cacciatore, seafood salads, mussels, octopus, shrimp, crab,  hummus, mint tabouli, salad items not consistent with Sweet Tomatoes.  I am frequently dissappointed with the salad bar despite it's abundance. A lady wandered by with rice balls and Phyllo filled spinach pockets. Your vegetarian friend will probably not be able to get enough variety to make it worth dropping $31 bucks just to pick at the salad bar, becuase most things are still  meat/fish options, but if they know ahead of time, they can decide for themselves. It will be hard if they really can't stand the meat on skewers. It's a carnivore wet dream though. The $31 per person. does not include your drinks or your dessert. Plan accordingly. The wine selections are also unique, so if you enjoy testing out bottles you might find an off the beaten path selection here. We stick to some Pelligrino water, go light on the salad bar and take our time sampling the skewered swords of savory sirloins. Sometimes you get a dryer piece, a piece too rare, or a piece with too much fat, simply cut it off and await more, this is unlimited. They will come around again. If you don't see your favorite you should have a person helping expedite your tables  who will ask what would you like to have come out next. This is a useful man! He made sure we got a fresh pineapple instead of a near the core and colder slice. He made sure a fresh lamb was brought out and some top sirloin that we almost missed completely. He was unobtrusive and made sure our drinks were taken care of as well. When it came time for dessert, we knew to save enough space to share the Brazilian Chocolate mousse. It is thick and decadent. This experience is generally saved for a special treat, easy to drop a hundred bucks for two people if you have it all. You may find it necessary to make a reservation, especially if you are bringing a large group. As a couple we have always been seated within 15 minutes, even on a Saturday night. Enjoy!
4	Fogo e BrasaCool looking place. I felt like I had entered the "Enchanted Tiki Room" at Disneyland when I walked in. This is an awesome joint for a carnivore such as me. Service started out brilliant but ended in a bit of a thud for us and those around us. I took a seat at the bar and was immediately greeted by a very friendly bartender. He recommended a Brazilian Beer to me that I can't remember the name of but was like a chocolate stout. It was awesome. This bar keep was on top of his game as he explained the whole Brazilian BBQ theme in great detail. I was getting hungry just listening to him and wishing my wife would get there already so we can eat. Thought that was a great "go the extra mile" service from him. The service from our waiter started off great and he also took time to explain everything in detail. He also made recommendations to our preferences. Later when we were eating he asked if I liked spicy sauces and then said he would be back in a moment - he returned with a chili and olive oil side that was wonderful.The only negative issue with the service is they all fell in the "weeds" busy. The food runners delivering the meats to the table became rather scarce as well at the end of the meal. Granted this place was packed and people waiting at the bar to be seated. We overheard one of the runners say to a guest "Sorry we're busy and just really understaffed." Toward the end of the meal our server was rarely seen - a contrast to the beginning of the meal. The table next to us (an 8 top) was getting rather pissed off when the server came 25 minutes after a man ordered his beer and asked him again if he wanted another beer. I ordered another glass of wine and it took over 20 minutes for the waiter to bring it. There also was a long gap between the end of the meal and the check process. I found this rather surprising because of all the guests waiting to be seated at the bar. With all that said, the food was wonderful. The waiter explained that there are 3 different salad stations - a cold salad station, a traditional salad station and a specialty salad station. The latter was awesome as it had crab legs, mussels, and scallops, as well as, a shrimp salad, chicken salad etc. I blew my carnivorous horn loudly as I attacked this cornucopia of proteins from the sea. There also was a hot appetizer section that was equally great. It had a coconut tilapia that was exceptional. I usually don't like coconut dishes as they are to sweet but this was not sweet and its creamy sauce really represented the coconut flavor well.  There was egg plant parmegiana that looked like a sloppy mess but had good flavor. Next was a meatloaf dish that that was sliced into medallions. It was alright - a bit dry. Last they had a chafing dish of black beans. It was nothing special to look at but ZOWEEEIII what flavor. Not sure what they put in these black beans but it was a favorable favorite. Now comes the food runners delivering spickets of food to the table - 16 different kinds of grilled meats. There was turkey breast wrapped in bacon, prime rib, lamb, top sirloin, BBQ chicken, garlic chicken, chicken breast, beef ribs, pork ribs, pork loin, pineapple, tri tip, sausages, ham, chicken hearts etc. WOW!My favorites were the MR lamb, tri tip and best was the top sirloin. The top sirloin had this seasoned thin layer of fat on the inside that was spiced wonderfully and made the meat incredible. Lastly, a very nice attractive woman rolls over a cart of homemade confections. I haven't seen an actual "Rolling Dessert Cart" since I was a waiter at the Sheraton in New York in the 80's. Nonetheless, it sold my wife who ordered the chocolate mousse cake which she said was decadent. I rolled out of here literally full for 2 days. Zen Tiki gives Fogo e Brasa the double thumbs up!
4	I went today for lunch. They have an all you can eat Lunch Special, for $9.97 you can graze their very nice salad and seafood bar plus a 4 dish hot section. I was pleasantly surprised, everything was really fresh and all the things I tried were Delicious. Some of the things I ate were, Tilapia with pineapple sauce, Potato Lasagna it was kind of like scalloped potatoes very thinly sliced with cheese in between, really tasty. Shrimp ceviche, roasted eggplant salad, fresh blanched broccoli salad, roasted zucchini salad, chicken salad, marinated mushrooms and some other things that are slipping my mind at the moment. Sorry No pics this time, it would have been an awkward moment to whip out the camera in this setting being I was all by myself.  Hopefully next time I wont have to go alone ;-)I would surely go back for lunch again and maybe even dinner. Even though I'm not really a meat eater, there was plenty of vegetarian options to fill me up.
4	Ok, I came accross yelp because I was looking for reviews on Brazilian churascurrias. So I picked this one over the one in Scottsdale based on what i read here. Happy to say I wasn't dissappointed! We did the all-you-can-eat buffet plus meats for lunch for 18 bucks. Well, the buffet was nice. Full of fresh, tasty and interesting dishes. And then there's the meat.....delicious, juicy, perfectly cooked and it just keeps coming. Its a meat lovers paradise, where the servers are continually walking round with freshly bbq'd meats and they slice you endless slivers of the stuff right at your table. I was specfically looking for a place like this as I had been to a few in Rio and it was one of my favourite types of food in South America. If I were to compare to the genuine article, I'd say they're no too far off. The places in Brazil probably had more selection but then again i think there may be more selection of meats there at night. I think it may be a little more busy at night too which would help pick up the atmosphere. Anyway, I stuffed down as much as I possibly could and was happy with the friendly and fast service. thumps up!
4	I found out there is a restaurant with a similar theme in SF and I wanted to go check it out. Let's face it meat is my favorite food group. The sad part was the place in SF was a little costly and getting a group to go out was going to be tough.Then enter my trip to AZ. I was told by Greydon we had time to kill while there so I looked into going to a Brazilian Steakhouse in the Phoenix area.After a quick search on google I found this place and figured out it was 20 bucks cheaper than going to the restaurant in SF.After convincing everyone we should go here for dinner one of our friends said we should check and see if they have a lunch special. So we called and found out it was only 20 bucks for lunch for meat and salad bar. 10 bucks cheaper than dinner and 30 bucks cheaper than SF.  I figured this was perfect and was ready to go eat.Once seated you were given a cylinder that was red on one end green on the other and yellow in the middle. Leaving the green tip up meant you wanted more meat, red tip mean you did not want any mean and laying the cylinder down on its side let them know you were ready for desert.   The salad bar was pretty well stocked. It had a variety of pasta and potato salads and sea food salads.  I took a little of what I liked I wasn't here to fill up on salads.The lunch menu included six meats that were all served from a sword.Garlic ChickenPork TenderloinHamTri TipSausagesSirloinI had a little of everything except the sausage ( I had a lot of them). They were all really juicy and delicious. It was great because the waiter would let you take as much or as little as you want  and came around frequently. I had 4 sausages. They were plump and juicy and so good. At one point we turned the cylinder over signaling we did not want any more food and the waiter brought out a sword piled with sausages. Against my better judgment I asked for the cylinder turned it to green and then waited as the waiter brought over more sausage for me. I know I am so weak but it was so worth it. What I liked about this place was that it wasn't packed I guess lunch was a little slow that day, the inside was decorated with what I can only assume were carnival dancers. All of the waitstaff was pleasant and attentive. I joked that I had probably rehydrated from my entire weekend just by the amount of times they filled up my water cup. The food was really good but be warned after eating so much you might find yourself in a meat coma.My tips would be skip the carbohydrates they are just going to fill you up you get some at the end of your meal. And the chicken was good but it was hot and a pain to get off the bone I'd probably skip it next time.If I am in AZ again I would definitely come back here for more meat on a sword.
5	OK, so meat is not the only thing on Fogo E Brasa's menu but it is the star prefomer.If you're going to go to Fogo E Brasa be sure to go hungry because once you're seated a non-stop parade of hot off the fire meats will be yours for the asking.A Brazilian style of dinning, Fogo E Brasa is an all you can possibly eat restaurant that breaks the mold of the typical buffet. There is no menu, rather Fogo E Brasa is to be taken in stages or acts. Act one is salad and appitizers and if you are not in the mood for meat this is an excellent choice. Pasta, eggplant and crab salads, seafood specialties like green mussels, or szechaun octopus, (which surprisingly to me I actually liked.), a wonderful black bean stew and tender and flavorful meat balls along with many other tidbits. You could make a lovely meal out of these items alone and in fact you can choose this option for only $9.97.Act two though was worth the wait and the $18.00 price for all of the previously stated items plus the never ending stream of fresh from the fire meats, carved right at you table from short swords with sharp knives. Lunch featured six different meats, Top Sirloin, Tri-Tip, Prime Rib, Ham, Garlic Chicken and Portuguese Linguica sausages. All of them hot, cooked to perfection and as I said, carved tableside.Dinner which begins after 3pm features different salad options and a total of sixteen different meats to choose from. Dinner costs about $10.00 more than lunch but still an excellent value.Act three was dessert, but we didn't have room for any of the delicious looking goodies on the dessert cart.The service is top notch and very friendly and we enjoyed luch very much. I can't wait to try their dinner selection. I highly recommend Fogo E Brasa to meat lovers everywhere.
1	I'm not exaggerating when I say that Fogo E Brasa was the worst dining experience of my life. They advertised crab legs, but only had imitation crab meat in some unskilled attempt at a salad. But the meat was the worst, I could find better roast beef for $3.99 at Frys. The lamb and ribs literally tasted rancid. This was the only time I have actually felt shafted after eating someplace. For a split second I considered walking out without paying because it was that bad. I would not recommend this place to my worst enemy.
4	I've been here twice for dinner now, and both times have been great.  Started with the "salad" bar - except it has much more than the usual offerings of iceberg lettuce.  How about plump shrimp cocktail, fillet medallions, tasty traditional salad, pasta salad and more.  The salad bar would be enough to keep me happy all night.  Yet, you have to fight that impulse to eat your body weight in shrimp, as the best is yet to come.Once you are ready, the staff starts inundating your table with various selections of meats....on swords.  First, that's just cool to have swords as skewers.  The variety and flavor of the meats is incredible.  The beef was fantastic, the lamb made me want to cry, so tender and flavorful.  Even the pork, and I hardly ever eat pork was delectable.  I love that you can repeat your favorites, and pass on what you don't want.  Amidst the parade of meats, there are other little offerings on the table, such as fried bananas...Can I just get an order of those please?  Tiny little rolls that taste great and are perfect for sopping up the juices.Drinks - great selection of beers, mixed drinks and liquors.  I can't remember the names of everything we tried, first because we tried all Brazilian fare recommended by our waiter.  Secondly, the amount of  these items I tried has reduced my name retention capabilities.Dessert.....yeah, like I could fit that in after the salad bar, the meats, 47 pieces of fried banana and the drinks.  You know I managed it.  Everything was great, but nothing stood out as a must try again.  Next time, for the safety of my body, I could skip dessert and not feel shorted.The only reason this isn't a 5 star for me is that it's pretty expensive, and that makes it good for special occasions only.  Also, great for events where I'm not the one paying...I'm free next weekend.....
4	Great experience ! lots of selection in the salad bar and the meat offerings at the table were greatt. The service was superb and very attentive. Like the white table cloths and table top details, crystal and silverware. Left full and happy.
3	I've been here once and would go again, but only on a special occasion. The main reason I wouldn't make it a prime destination is because I'm a vegetarian and the restaurant isn't very friendly toward that dining choice. On top of that, it is rather expensive. If you eat meat you will most likely get more value out of your dollar. That being said, it's nice to see an addition to Phoenix' dining scene that keeps dining options diverse and both ethnically and internationally represented, in this case Brazilian. I did enjoy the salad bar they have and the ambiance is intimate and dark. The serving method is interesting, as they bring meat on swords and carve bits off onto your plate. I went with someone who ate meat and noticed the servers came around several times with different choices each time. They do, however, serve caipirinhas, which I am extraordinarily curious to try.In sum, I'm sure it would be a nice choice if you're carnivorous or omnivorous, but if you are any sort of vegetarian or eat very little meat I wouldn't recommend Fogo y Brasa.
4	For everyone out there who loves Brazilian food, will not be ashamed by the experience of Fogo E Brasa. My fiance and I enjoyed valentine's evening at Fogo E Brasa, but, I have to say, this place requires a middle of the week event instead of a Friday, Saturday night outing. It appeared that even though we had a reservation, the hostess had over booked the restaurant and there were many people waiting to eat. Taking Valentine's Day out of the equation, I would say Fogo would be a nice evening for a middle of the week anniversary dinner, graduation dinner, family get together,  birthday dinner, girls night out, or if you just feel the need to consume mass quantities of meat. The good thing about Fogo was the opportunity to try different and new things. Fogo has a signature mojito that is worth the experience because it is crafted right there in their dining room bar. In addition, Fogo will extend to you the salad bar as a part of your meal. But, try if you can to avoid as much of the salad bar, because you may end up packing up your little stomach with salad instead of succulent meats, seafood and porks. In the end of our meal we were both satisfied in our experience and we have added Fogo to our list of Brazilian Restaurants.
1	Head to Fogo de Chao instead!!!!!!!!!!!!! This place is gross and not worth the price! You will spend a lot at Fogo de Chao too, but the quality and taste is sooooooo much better. My hubby and I tried this place out on a weeknight and we should have known to turn away when we saw only 2 other tables filled in the entire place.  The quality of the meat was so cheap, dry,chewy and tasteless. The salad bar was small compared to Fogo de Chao, but prob the best part of the entire meal and when you go to a Brazilian restaurant it's suppose to be all about the MEAT and the MEAT sucks balls here. Also our waiter was so damn annoying. We noticed they had a giant Brazilian flag and American flag hanging on the wall by the bar and the American flag was all half hanging onto the floor and we asked him if he could fix it since the flag was on the damn ground and he remarked "the owner is right there you can ask him yourself." My hubby and I looked at each other like WTF? so my husband did just that, he walked over to the owner sitting at the bar right next to the flags and asked him to fix the flag and he said sure right away and started fixing it. dumb waiter. Anyways, Don't waste your time or your money here the food is 2 thumbs down.
1	I've eaten at only one Brazilian restaurant before, and my experience there led me to believe that the food at Fogo Ebrasa would also be absolutely delicious! There were some decent items on the salad bar, but there were no crab legs like their website indicated. Instead, there was crab salad made with imitation crab. That was the pleasant part of our dining experience. Then the meat starting coming. I'm not exaggerating when I say this, but the lamb and the ribs actually had a strong rancid flavor and were completely inedible.  The rest of the meat was poorly cooked and had no flavor. The service and staff were pleasant, but this place was absolutely not worth the $100 bucks we paid for 3 people.
1	My wife and I were intrigued by the concept, but disappointed in the execution. The food wasn't as good as the price would indicate.  the pineapple was delicious - actually, the best part of the meal. Although they advertise one charge for "all you can eat" desserts aren't included and they didn't tell us until after we finished them - they also weren't very good either.Stay away.
2	Went to this place today with great expectations, NOPE! BIG DISSAPOINTMENT! First the rice &amp; fried bananas they brought out were cold, old and stale...then came the meats, definitley not fresh, the only thing that tasted good was the Roast beef, otherwise nothing was good...maybe cuz the place was empty the food was not fresh, but i barley ate, paid over $40 and left still hungry because the food was no good!I hate to slam places but this place deserved this slamming!
4	I'm a carnivore. If my doctor told me to go vegetarian or risk death, I'd probably have to think about it a while. So Fogo E Brasa (now The Brazilian Bull) has been on my "to try" list for a while now. It's not far from home, and I'd heard good things. Finally a friend and I made plans to meet there for lunch last week.First piece of advice: do NOT forget the cylinder. Each table has a little cylinder painted green, yellow, and red. Green end up means "keep it comin'". Red end up means, "whoa there, I'm drowning in meats". And when you're finally sated, you lay the cylinder on its side to say "uncle".You may think, "I'm never gonna need the red. I'm a big-time carnivore who rips bears in half on weekends." That's crazy talk. They will keep bringing you meat on swords every couple of minutes as long as the green is showing. Don't be afraid to use the red - no one will think less of you. (Also it keeps the waiter from asking, "What's the matter, don't you like it?" when he shows up with another sword and your plate is full from the last three.)The food is very good. I liked the fried bananas dipped in cinnamon and sugar. The chicken was a little dry, but the ham was very moist. And the tri-tip and prime rib were both great: moist, savory, and cooked to perfection. I'd also recommend the caiprinhas for those who like a drink with dinner.The service is also very good - attentive without being obtrusive. My water glass never neared empty. The decor is pretty nondescript. It's a pretty generic-looking restaurant - nice, but unmemorable. I'd have enjoyed a little more Brazil in my Brazilian Bull. Check it out if you're in the neighborhood. And Respect the Cylinder.
3	super great atmosphere! the appetizer buffet was really fresh and different, but I did not know before hand it was a buffet style that is way too much food for me I can never enjoy a buffet.The stop and go wooden block was funny, I didnt like the meat they were serving, but the chaiparina!!! yum!!!  That is the Brazilian drink! tasty, very tart and tangy
2	My impression of this place might have been influenced by very high expectations. I lived in Ahwatukee from 1999-2003. Back then, I heard numerous times about how great this place was, about strategies for holding out until the best meats arrived, and about the awesomeness of the salad bar. At the time I had recently returned to school to pursue my MA degree, so money was tight and I was never able to afford to try it. But I was intrigued. Fast forward to 2009. When I moved back to Ahwatukee from a long exile in Surprise, trying Fogo e Brasa (or Brazilian Bull as they now call themselves) was high on my list. My wife and I made reservations and showed up, expecting something amazing.I don't know. The food was good enough: all-you-can-eat meats that they bring on skewers to your table. I think other reviewers have described the process so I'll skip that. Some of the meats were fantastic, others not so much. Nothing was terrible, but only one or two things were excellent. We were expecting at least one very high end meat, perhaps filet mignon, and it never came, so we were disappointed by that. The salad bar was everything people say it is, but for the price I would expect that. Drinks were expensive. Service was decent, but not outstanding. In the end we spent a little over $100 for the two of us. Walking out I just did not feel like it was worth the money. We would have been better off spending the same money at Durant's or someplace similar.
5	This place is brilliant! For a single price you get a huge salad bar to start, with traditional, pasta, seafood salads offered. They gice you a cylinder that is red & geen on the ends with a yellow stripe in the center. While your doing the salad bar and eating red is up, once your ready for the main course go to green and the fun begins. Server after server come and clear your plates add the side dishes, then it is endless meat server with delicious meats they carve right to you and won't stop until you put your cylinder on red. I enjoyed the tri-tip sirloin, the pineapple and the sausage and one of the sides fried banana, was so go. Can't wait to go back.
2	"Interesting concept; carve a slice at your table. The salad bar was a 5 star. Most all of the meats were tough and very hard to chew, the ribs were really bad, (2 star.) Service was friendly and prompt.(4 star.) Very very noisey (1 star.) Funny way of billing for drinks...charged extra for rocks, which didn't show until the bill, deseptive!!, (1 star)  Meal price was WAY TOO Expensive for what was received.They were more interested in profit than quality.  Overall there are better places to go for the money."
3	Went here for lunch today.  It's pretty average for the price.  Obviously, you're going to have all the food you want, so portions aren't a concern.  There are some good meat and side selections, and the salad bar has some good appetizers as well.  The meats are cooked pretty well, and the fried bananas are delicious.The only issue I had is that some of the meats were a bit salty on the outside.  I'm OK with salt, but it was a bit excessive.The service was excellent.  Some previous reviews complained about service, but we didn't have any issue with that whatsoever.
2	My first experience at a Brazillian Steak House.  Have had much feedback on this and other Brazillian Steak House restaurants and had relatively high expectations, but tried to keep an open mind and not be too tainted.Salad bar was fair at best.  Item choices were limited and although I am easy to please and have a forgiving pallate, some items really did not taste good.  It was dimly lighted and I believe this was in some part an effort to "shelter" the low qualtiy food/serving station.The meat on skewers that was brought around was also fair - not bad, but I would say a 7 on a 10 point scale overall.  What I looked forward to as the best meat, prime rib and ribs, were fatty and tough and without much flavor.  Most of the skewers were down to the last bits by the time they made it to our table.  The sausage selection was limited to one and was very greasy.  I like a bit of grease, but these were not great.  The ham was the best of all the meats.Had a decent bottle of Chilean wine without breaking the bank - this was good.The atmosphere was also fair.  A huge room with tables basically laid out like end-to-end picnic tables.  We sat against the wall and were about 2-3 feet from our neighbor - a bit close.Overall I would say it was a reasonable experience, good date, nice bottle of wine, but I would not return to this restaurant.
3	I sched a bi-wkly lunch group, welcoming any folks from my workplace.  We tend to overwhelm joints if we don't give warning, as we're often a min of a dozen strong and generally choose mom&pop businesses.The good:1.  Large group functions, bring them here.  It seemed everyone eating here today was basically some kind of gathering...2.  That said, 10 of our 12 opted for the salad bar.  I fear b/c the all you can eat lunch meat option was pricier ($10 vs $15)... but I did not come here to eat the salad bar... so I opted meat and glad I did.3.  Some eh meats as others have alrdy reviewed, but the best were the top sirloin, tri-tip and the filet mignon.  Be evil like me, and wave the very nice limited English server on to another table b/c I'm not an outside or edge piece person... after a few passes, he knew to come back to me after he's done a few carves... I wanted the juicy meat in the center, the medium or worst case medium well portions!  The very very very nice carver was the highlight the the meal, if he wasn't there, I would not even consider coming back.  As it is....The deplorable:As I'm writing this, the page still states mention Yelp and get a free dessert.  Myself (and a few others, I arrived late), asked about the Yelp dessert, and the waitress said ok.  Afterwards she is in conversation w/ the older female hostess (owner? mgr?), and I am watching the woman speaking & gesturing wildly with her hands.  Crap, I'm concerned the waitress in trouble...  Waitress returns with apologies, stating free Yelp dessert is only valid if you order the tradtional special or it's per table.So end of meal, I mistakenly thought per table, meant 12 people sitting at 6 tables meant 6 desserts.  Oh no no no.... 1 dessert and 12 forks.  Ok that's chinzy... of a ~40 people dist list, I snookered 12 people to eat here & promoted the free Yelp dessert... I should be blackballed by my own lunch group for bad advertising.  But 1 for a table of 12?  If more of us showed, please lick the dessert and pass it down.So desserters beware... split all your checks so you can get your free advertised YELP dessert.  HA.
3	Update:  since one of the lunch members internally blogged the experience, it was noted the restaurant did discount 10% for the dessert fiasco.  I left before the bill came, but I did plop down a twenty (so they defintely got a strong 20%+ tip from me, I hope they do tip share to the nice carver gentelman!)
4	I had always wanted to go to a restaurant like this where they serve the meat to your right at your table and you have such a big variety of choices.  The service was very quick, almost as soon as we had turned our little signal to say that we were ready for food, someone was coming out with a fresh skewer of meat.  All of the servers were very friendly as well.The food itself was good but not great.  Some varieties of meat were very very salty, others were great.  Luckily they come around with all the different meats multiple times so you can figure out which ones you like and want more of.I would suggest saving some room for dessert though as there is a multi-tiered cart of different delicious choices.  I tried the Tiramisu and it was some of the best I've had.
1	RAW!!!  Serving Raw chicken is not exotic, it's poison.  First visit to this place for my sister's birthday and I am still hurting from the war that took place in my belly.  The environment is typical for a Brazilian steak house with skewer heaven for the meat aficionado.  The challenge came when the meats and chicken were served raw.  My plate was bloody and that's coming from a person who loves rare meats.  The lamb was hard and the cut was strange definitely not typical.  I have visited Texas de Brazil before and they know how to do it, these guys... no!The price is a bit high but average for these type of restaurants the problem is that the quality is not there.  We were not sure what the prices were on desert because they have a all you can eat salad bar, breads, and meat, but apparently after our nice bill for about $280 the deserts (not very good and mediocre at best) were not included.  This place definitely ruined my night and if you are interested in brazilian restaurants, visit Fogo de Cao
3	Compared to other churrascaria restaurants I've been to, Brazilian Bull is just ok.  Not superb, but not really bad.  We went on a Wednesday, where it was all day happy hour and caipirinhas were $3.50.  Cheap, but you get what you pay for.  They use 51 cachaca here, which is more easily found in the U.S., but not really the smoothest cachaca out there.  As a result, the alcohol drowned out the overall flavor of the drink.As for the food, just so-so.  They had a wide selection of seafood at the buffet, such as mussels, bay scallops, snow crab legs, calamari salad, but all were slightly sub-par (either too tough, too bland, etc).  They had a pot of feijoada (i.e., black bean soup), but there was something lacking in the stew (maybe it needed more smokey flavor?).  When we were ready for our parade of meats, they ended up bringing out probably 10-11 of the 14 advertised meats/skewers at our table.  We waited somewhat patiently for them to bring out the other meats we hadn't tried before (such as lamb, ribs), but it seems like they weren't going to be serving those more expensive meats today.  The meats themselves ranged from slightly dry (chicken), to juicy and tender (beef skewers and the ham).  All the meats were simply seasoned with salt which tended to get overwhelming after eating so much salty meat.  Strangely enough, my favorite skewer was actually not meat related at all.  The roasted pineapple was heavenly- it had a deep, sweet, tropical flavor and was very juicy from being basted in a sugar syrup.
2	I went to the Brazilian Bull Steakhouse a couple of years ago for a friend's birthday party and we had a great time. Food was good, the atmosphere was great and we all had a fun time eating, laughing and spending time together.So, when a couple of friends suggested going to the Brazilian Bull for dinner, we all said sure and off we went.Big mistake.When we first sat down, our server rolled over a big cart with different bottles of wine. OK. We look and decide on a bottle of wine - $50. OK. Typical for a good bottle of wine when you're at a restaurant.Next, each person was $35 each to eat. That included my friend's daughter who was only 10. Yup, they charged us $35 for a 10 year old.There was an open salad bar / seafood / hot food buffet area. Total disappointment. Pasta salad was dry. The crab salad was just shredded crab. The ceviche was terrible. The different salad dressing that they had out looked as if it's been sitting out for hours. It was warm and gooey.Next came the varieties of different meat. The restaurant wasn't very full (it was a Thursday night and only 3 other tables). I expected more variety... but only had sausages, roasted chicken, ham and sirloin (I think. it was beef I was told). The ham was too salty... the sirloin was dry and the roasted chicken... it was OK... So, we're sitting here eating and we're all wondering what we're getting for $35 each plus $50 for a bottle of wine. I really expected better...Now, for the 'if you don't ask, we won't tell' upsell. My friend's 10 year old sees the dessert cart and of course is drawn to every sugary item on the cart. The server cuts a HUGE piece of chocolate cake... even though we said, just give her a little so she doesn't overdose on chocolate. When we get the check we see why. They charged us $10 for the chocolate cake. So, for the 10 year old, we pay $35 for the dinner, $10 for dessert. All the adults had to be $35 for dinner, spilt a $50 bottle of wine.I feel cheated. We like to eat at nice restauarants and don't mind paying for quality. In this case, I feel as if we were ripped off.Stay away from this place and save your money.
2	This place is lucky I was feeling generous and gave it two stars. I have been to a lot these churrascarias in Brazil(one in US) and this one is the worst I have ever been to!  Now I wasn't expecting Brazil quality here but we went to a place in Albuquerque that was pretty darn good!  let me review the salad bar than I will get to the meats in the following paragraph. I don't eat a lot of meat. In fact I got salad bar only. In a normal Churrascaria there is such variety of salad bar that it is a vegetarians paradise. Not here! Molst of the salads were very weird! There was no assemble your own delicious veg salad it was all pre-made salads potato salad, shrimp salad, tabbouleh salad but all really gross versions of it. The hot salad bar had no traditional Brazilian food! Not even rice and beans! You can order this separate but its $ what the heck that's an outrage! Also there was hardly any pao de quejo we got two small pieces with the bread basket and i mean SMALL. After eating the food my stomach felt ill!Now about the meats. My husband said tthat it was not very good. They added a lot of salt and some weird meat tenderizer. There were not many varieties of cuts (it was lunch). No chicken hearts! Also it is standard to tell the waiters serving the meat what cut you want and here they wouldnt let him do that!If you are ever in Albuquerque go to Tucanos! Very cheap price and pretty authentic! Hit on all the right notes of teh Churrascaria Or save your $ and go to Fogo in Scottsdale.
3	Mediocre in terms of churrascarias - if you are new to the experience, you might not want to come here given that it may sour your impression entirely.  I'm Brazilian, so for me, a good churrascaria has to have (in addition to the series of meats coming around) white rice, black beans and pimenta (similar to pico de gallo).  Brazilian Bull had all of this to go with the meat, hence the three stars.  Based on the buffet alone (not so great) and the crazy price gouging I find at churrascarias across the country with what I like to call the "Dessert and After Dinner Drink Pimps" who try to twist your arm into spending more money after your meat feast, this place could almost get two stars.  However, the servers were nice and attentive, my caipirinha was strong like I like it, and the beef that came around was tasty (picanha or sirloin, tri tip and rib eye).  Our churrasceiro (the dude with the skewers) asked how we liked our meat and continued to bring my husband medium and me rare for the rest of the night - a nice touch.  Chicken was overcooked and the shish kebab was covered in cumin - I can't speak for the entire country, but most of us Brazilians like our meat simply seasoned with salt, pepper, olive oil and bay leaves - one of the reasons why a lot of people with simple palettes fall in love with churrasco.  At Brazilian Bull, a few of the meat dishes tasted like experiments in seasoning, and to even have BBQ chicken drumettes on the menu was just silly.  Lamb was tender, though the pork ribs were chewy, turkey in bacon was overcooked and the ham was a bit salty.  Don't come here on an empty stomach and do pace yourself, because you kind of have to eat a lot to get your money's worth.  And this goes for any churrasceria and not just this place - never get the salad bar and skip the meat.  It's never a bargain and you'd do much better elsewhere in terms of value to go and not get the meat.  Vegetarians beware as well - my sister is Brazilian as well (duh) and a vegetarian and we never take her to churrascerias.  This is for red meat eaters first and foremost.  Again, there isn't enough value in coming here if you don't eat red meat.
5	If you are a carnivore, this is the place for you! For about 30.00, you can have unlimited salad bar, cheesy rolls, rice, beans, fried bananas, crab legs, pineapple and best of all MEAT. In case you have never been to a a Brazilian Steakhouse, here is what you can expect: You start with their wonderful salad bar that has a wide array of salads and side dishes, then you turn over this tri colored stick which sends the message to start bringing the meat along with all the fixins. They will bring you the best hot cheesy rolls ever, rice and beans, and some terrific fried bananas. Then comes the meat on skewers. They come to your table with multiple types of meat and you tell them if you want it. If so, they will cut off a piece for you. Before you know it, you have an entire plate filled with various meats and the best sweetest grilled pineapple. To wrap it up, this place is awesome! The price is reasonable and the service is always spot on. Try this place if you like lots of meat. You will not be sorry!
1	I recently visited this place with two of my friends who were even more disappointed with the food and the service than myself. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!! You are better off paying your neighbor $31 to eat the dog poop in the front yard then to go to this restaurant. They forgot to fill up our drinks, the meat was not cooked nor seasoned. We let the manager know and he just said sorry we feel that way. He did nothing to resolve our disappointment. Again pass on this restaurant. You are better off at a place where you know the food is amazing.
5	I went to the Brazilian steakhouse for Valentine,  my boyfriend surprised me for our first anniversary, I loved the service, the ambiance, but most importantly I loved the food.  I loved the diversity of the menu specially the 14 types of meat, they were all my favorite but I need to mention that the top sirloin and lamb were scrumptious and they melted in my mouth like butter.  My boyfriend who is a carnivore couldn't stop eating he loved the lamb as well and the roast beef.  I will definitely go back again and again.  I will be there for my 30th birthday on the 19th of February.
2	First of all I'd like to mention I lived in brazil for a couple of years so I guess you could say I'm high maintenance when it comes to churrascarias.  I've been here a couple of times and have been trying to have a great experience but every time its just been OK and sometimes pretty bad.  My wife is not a fan at all.  They just really lack on the sides that come to your table and I thought everything at the salad bar was not very good.  One thing I did like to see is that they added a little section with some good brazilian flavored beans...that was nice.  However they gave our table of four a little 1 cup of rice to go with it so I didn't get to enjoy my beans and rice like I would have preferred; lots of rice.  The Guarana was not my very good they used a cheap brand.  The meat was good, I would have given that 3-4 stars...they just struggled with bringing us our requests for specifics.  I guess this review sounds pretty 1 starish, I just don't know.  I want them to be better and stay in business, the service was not that bad,  so I hope this helps for improvement.  I will go back and try it again and hope to have a better experience.   For now it just hasn't been what I would like to see, just not as good as other churrascarias I've been to here in the USA.
3	A meat lovers paradise. Don't fill up on the bread and salad. It is a little pricey so save it for a special occasion. The employees will give you extra helpings of whatever meats you desire.Desserts are not included, but they wont tell you that until after you have picked out some.Their traditional Brazilian drinks are awesome.PS - Don't fill up on the first round of meats. They save the good stuff for last.
1	First off, it was so dark my eyes hurt and i have 20/20 vision.  Salad bar was gross with nothing tasty. Service was the slowest i've ever seen in my life. They didn't bring out what you wanted even if you asked for it specifically 5+ times--and from several different people. They were SUPER stingy with everything. You got about two bites of meat every 15 minutes. Side dishes were bland and sparse. Never ever coming here again. I recommend no one comes here. It's absolutely not worth 1/4 of the price. Ack!
1	We just gave up.  We were at the restaurant for almost two hours and nobody walked away full.  The waiters shaved off child-sized portions of meat and scurried away.  We requested the meat that we wanted and they nodded and walked off and we never saw them again.  Of the 15 types of meat on the menu we saw about seven or eight.  We asked for mint jelly (someone in our group loved lamb and mint jelly) at least six times over 20 minutes before they brought it.Some of the meat was "okay", the salad bar was underwhelming and the sides were only good for taking up room at the table.  We were so disgusted with this place that we didn't even try dessert.  The service was so unbelievably horrible that we didn't leave a tip.  We had to get the hostess to take our credit card.  Maybe if they turned on a few extra lights, the waitstaff could've seen us sitting there.Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else or spend the extra money and have a meal you'll never forget at a real Brazilian steak house (instead of a meal you wish you could forget at this imposter).
1	Can I give no stars? That would be more appropriate. Read the reviews, I generally take them with a grain of salt and then get my own opinion. But wow. We had 11 people in the group. The guy came and started pouring water from bottles. Some of us asked for tap water just because. They poured it in glasses where people were not even sitting yet. The salad bar was ok. The crab legs weren't bad, and the crab meat etc. There was a lot of seafood at the salad bar which was kind of nice. Then we got to the meat portion. Each person received a tiny slice of meat, with a long wait between. We had to ASK to try all of the meats. After we got ham more than once we decided we better ask for the ones we wanted. Some of the meat was plain gross, some of it was fantastic, (only a few) and most were, "eh". Not worth the price at ALL. We had to ask multiple times for some of the meats. Discouraging. They charged us for the water bottles, which they didn't ask if we wanted. They also tried to charge us for 12 not 11. Then the waiter told us he would not split the tab as in, take more than 1 card. Umm, I know he doesn't want to split it because this is how they make sure they get 18%, but we have 5 or 6 couples, and they are not going to put 400 dollars one card. Took forever, had to get the host or someone else to help to even get the checks. Not worth a tip, not worth the attitude, oh and thank goodness the dessert was free, because it was awful.
4	My first Brazilian BBQ experience! We were seated promptly and our waiter came by and gave us the rundown. He spoke extremely quickly with a thick accent so honestly... I don't know what he said. Just go with the flow. :)We went to the salad bar to grab some sides. They had lasagna, salads, crab legs, etc. I wasn't really into any of it because I wanted to save room for MEAT!!! I'm a carnivore. :D I did love the bread. It's like a mochi texture on the inside. delicious!Then, we flipped the peg to green and it was GO TIME. The meats just started racing out. Little bites of this and that. mMMMmmM it was good. Some of the random things I didn't care for I just didn't eat like the sausage or the drier garlic wings, but I got seconds and thirds of the things I loved like the top sirloin and the bbq smothered drumsticks. I don't know if I ever tried 15 different meats like they said but I was so stuffed it didn't matter!!! Finally, we surrendered and knocked the peg down. This experience definitely turned me on to brazilian bbq. :D nom nom nom!
1	I can honestly say, eating here was the worst dining experience I have ever had. I've been to worse places. I've dealt with worse service. But bundle together the entire experience of the evening and top it with the hefty price tag for a bow and you've got something you would wish on nobody.I had high hopes for this place, really I did. I recall going for lunch a couple of times when they were Fogo E Brasa, and they were very good. Something changed. We saw our server (who turned out to be the manager...) only once, meaning no drink refills. The person bringing the meats around could best be describe as a "meat pusher"; he would butt his way into our conversations, mumble what he had, then start sawing, without asking if we wanted any. The meat was inconsistently bad... I saw everything from overcooked to the point of burning, to something that looked like it was in the pan for no more than 15 seconds. Add to that an apparent total lack of seasoning and you get a rather unappetizing meal.For this lovely experience, we were charged $31 each, not including any drinks or desserts. This is the first time I honestly considered walking out on a check. I will never be returning here, and am making sure to spread the word of just how bad that dinner was. I actually went to Applebees afterward to get some better food in me. Yes, Applebees was better.
4	Brazilian BBQ is not a place you eat,  Its a place you go to test your  manhood.  The salad bar is perfectly serviceable with a variety of different seafoods and small fixings but only serves as a way to line your stomach for the real meal.  Once the peg is flipped to green your endurance challenge begins.The meat is delivered in no discernible order other than whats hot out of the kitchen,  You're free to turn away anything you don't want (ham) to focus on your favorite cuts, but like I said, This is an endurance test and turning away food is a sign of weakness.  It's not cheap so earn your meal by cramming as much delicious prime rib down your gullet as possible.  Carve off chunks of sirloin, lamb and sausage until you start sweating and then slam down your drink and demand more,  Punish your heart for allowing you to live as long and healthily as it has for so many years.  These animals have given their life for you, make it a sacrifice worthy of the gods themselves.But please,  save room for the chocolate mousse cake.
1	I went here once when we first moved to Phoenix. Someone had recommended it to my husband and I and we were so excited to try it. We saved it for a special occassion (our anniversary, I believe) and so when we arrived dressed to the nines, our appetites sharp, our expectations high, I could not have been more let down. I guess I never wrote a review because I was just so disappointed that I blocked out the whole experience but I recently came across it in a search and so I just had to put my two cents out there into the Yelposphere. First off, the place is not much to look at. For the price point you would expect some ambiance but it was just a generic strip mall restaurant. I don't remember the dim lighting some other reviewers mentioned... for me I felt like it gave off a family restaurant vibe, not at all someplace you would want to go on a romantic date. I remember not finding much in the way of veggies at the salad bar that looked appetizing so I tried some of the seafood which was about the same level of quality and flavor that you would find at a $5.99 Chinese lunch buffet. The meats, as other reviewers have mentioned were not prepared very well and the servings were extremely small. We were not offered seconds of anything, just given bite-size pieces of about half a dozen mediocre offerings. Not at all your typical Churrascaria experience. The reason that our expectations were so high that night was because we had just moved from Houston, TX where we were regular patrons at a restaurant called Fogo de Chao. But this story does have a happy ending, my Yelp friends. Because before our next anniversary rolled around guess what? They opened up a Fogo de Chao in restaurant right here in Phoenix... well, Scottsdale actually (of course). For anyone who wants the real deal you must go there, nowhere else compares. The salad bar is amazing, the meats are succulent and delicious, the service impeccable and the dining room is classy but relaxed. It is such a huge improvement over this dump, I can't even explain it in words, you simply have to try it for yourselves.
5	This restaurant is a great choice for those of you who are meat lovers! You can have unlimited meat brought directly to your table. The waiters brings the meat in the skewer with a lots of different choices from sirloin until bacon wrapped sausages. They give you a stick that has colors of red, white and green in order. When you put the green on top that means the waiter are going to keep bringing the meat to your table. The red means stop and when you put it horizontal means you are ready for dessert and bills. They also offer a lot of variety of salad bar and dessert. Overall I really love this place and will be coming back for the meats!
4	Always wanted to try Brazilian BBQ.  The price was good, cheaper than Fogo de Chao.  The meat here was very tasty.  No complaints.
1	This was a TERRIBLE experience and I will NEVER go back! The salad bar was OK (and I say this as the NICEST thing about the place). The server was nice but food took FOREVER to start coming. The 3 servers that finally did make it to our table brought unedible beef cabobs (not only were they burnt the flavor was terrible), ham that was not any better, but my final straw was when a HUGE slab of fat was served to my daughter's friend. At that point I asked for a manager because it was unacceptable. The OWNER was no where to be found. The waiter said he agreed with me that the food was not acceptable but said he could not fnd the owner. We waited for the owner for over 5 minutes and the waiter said he was still trying to locate him. Another 3 or 4 minutes and the owner comes. I expressed how unsatisfied we were with the service and the food and he said this is how the food here is. I said I was more than happy to pay for WHAT WE ATE but the food was unedible and even showed him the fat that was served. He then proceeded to say (and I quote) "you people always come in here and try and get free food". I am not sure if it was because we had a 10% coupon off or becuase my family is of ethnic background but the comment was 100% unacceptable. I said we didnt eat hardly anythin as he could see the lack of food on our plate. He then proceeded to lie and say he SAW us all eating. I asked him how -as he was  not even in the resturant and he said he would call the police? SERIOUSLY? ! I told him that I was going to be posting/blogging about my experience and he said "go ahead...I dont care who you tell" so here I am!He charged us 170.00 for the WORST food in the world. NEVER EAT HERE
3	3.78 Stars!!Visiting the Chandler area, planning our lunch, my wife asks, "What do you want to eat?"  I replied, "meat on a stick!"  She then surprised me with this place.It was a little early in the day, around 11:30 or so.  When we arrived we were the only table being served.  With that, I'll say the service was amazing, however with other tables to compete with, that opinion may change.Our server came to the table and outlined our "feeding options."  He was polite spoke clearly, and was open to answering any questions.We chose the salad bar and the meat (the grand poobah option), and enjoyed everything we tried.  The deviled eggs were a bit bland, and the meatloaf wasn't as hot as I'd prefer, but hey, it's all good.Typical Brazilian style, wooden block, green = good times.  Decent selection of meats, and all tasted very good.  You can have your meat served with any temperature preference.  Meat was well seasoned, and promptly delivered.I do feel sorry for the woman in the back preparing the dessert tray.  It appeared a "person of management" was ripping her a new one.  Her tray did look very nice.Will return when I can, with other meat enjoying humans.
1	The quality of meat is poor.  They cook all their meats well done.  If you like your beef chewy...you will not be disappointed! The chimichurri is not fresh- it is made from dry ingredients.  The food quality is just poor. I recommend fogo de chao in Scottsdale. Avoid this place!
5	For New Years, my boyfriend and I were vacationing in pheonix and the hotel recommended this restaurant since my boyfriend is Brazilian. I was positively overwhelmed by the presentation of the beautiful spread of the buffet. Being from the New York City area, we have some of the top restaurants, and I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of food and service. The meat is cut freshly right in front of you, and the hummus and cakes are to die for! I read some of the other reviews and I just disagree with them. For all my metropolitan travelers that choose Arizona as a destination, I would highly recommend this!
2	So I lived in Brazil for a couple years, and up until coming here, had never been to a sub-par Brazilian restaurant.  The only other place I had been in this area was Fogo de Chao - which was pricey, but incredible.  I imagine going to this place for lunch, would be okay.  It looked like you could get out of there for around $15 for lunch.  But for two dinners, two cans of guarana (Brazilian soda) and tip, it was well over $100.  Let me say that the quality of food & service would have been more reasonable in the $40 range.The cheese bread (pao de quejo) was amazing - but it's impossible to screw that up.  The salad bar was worse than Sizzler.  I couldn't believe that rice & beans weren't available in the salad bar area, and all of the "prepared" salads looked like they were scooped out of a pre-packaged bin.The grilled pineapple was good, and the picanha (sirloin) was decent - but overall the meat selection was poor, and many of the pieces were dry and overcooked.  I guess when you spend $100 for a night out with the wife, you expect great service & to leave satisfied.  It just didn't happen here.
2	A big MEH!Dead animal was good.Sides were mediocre at best.Given the cost and the fact I'm not going to eat a whole cow at a single sitting, I don't see this as much of a value for the $ spent.
1	My husband had been here years ago when it was Fogo E Brasa (not sure how to spell that) and gave rave reviews, but our visit last week was beyond disappointing.  As soon as we gave them the go to bring out the food they came in droves overwhelming our table of four people with four of five servers.  We could barely turn the sign to "pause" and even when we did they kept coming and acted annoyed that we wanted some peace and quiet to eat our food.  Awkward and uncofortable to say the least.  The servers were ill experienced at slicing the meat- peices fell to the floor and our table top.  To make matters worse 50% of the items they brought out were dry and inedible- as if they had been sitting on a warmer since lunch.  (We went at 6:30pm on a Wednesday.)  Brazillian steakhouses are pricey- and understandably so- but don't waste your time or money here.
1	As I'm writing this review, I am sitting in the restaurant, and to say that the quality of food and service is poor is an understatement. From previous visits, the range of meat selections has been significantly downgraded. The meat carvers are not doing a good job and appear increasingly I'll-trained. They no longer have premium meats and are over salting nearly everything. Given the quality currently, the pricing is simply outrageous--topping out at over $40 per person not including dessert, it's truly a rip-off. Choose Fogo de Chao in Scottsdale. Make the drive and pay more money, and you won't be disappointed as we were tonight.
2	"Meh" is a good word to describe this restaurant. It is overpriced, the salad bar tastes like cardboard and the waiter was rude. He looked annoyed when my husband and I asked him if they had a wine list and he had to go in the kitchen to find out what it cost per glass. He looked even more annoyed when he realized we wanted to get a bottle and he wasted ALL THIS TIME figuring out how much it cost per glass! Their site claims they have seafood at the salad bar... If shrimp the size of a penny and saviche are enough to claim they have "seafood bar" then yes, they have a seafood bar. However, once again, even their "seafood" tastes like cardboard and you have to either salt it, or pepper it, or do something with it so that it won't be completely tasteless. The atmosphere reminded me of a high school cafeteria with dimmed lights and I don't really care for that when I spend over $30 a plate.The only reason I gave this place 2 stars was the meat - it wasn't bad, some cuts were even pretty good. Other than that, underwhelmed and unimpressed.Oh, and did I mention it was really expensive? Go to Roy's, for the same money you'll get much better food and service.
1	Please take heed of all the other recent 1 star reviews for this place.  As others have mentioned this restaurant is very over-priced.  It seems they are trying to provide a high-end dining experience or at least they charge for one.  All the meat is overcooked.  When they slice the meat off for you it is paper thin so eating an overcooked serving is like eating cardboard.  My father asked if they had anything not so overcooked and the waiter said "anything less would be bleeding and we can't serve that."  Maybe they are unaware of steakhouses serving rare to well done.  The waitress asked if we needed more rice.  I said yes and she never came back with any.  I asked for my check 3 times before they finally brought it.  Let it be known that the restaurant was less than half full with plenty of helpers.  It makes it worse when I can see 3 dining room staff standing with the bartender, watching "Impractical Jokers" on tv.
2	Come on now, advertised as all you can eat, then they hit you up for $6 for dessert. What a rip.  The meat was overcooked, and the salad bar wasn't as good as they advertised. Total disappointment.  Service was excellent.
1	This place is awful! My friends and I were there when we were in town for a car show last night. It took 40 min to get a soda, but I was offered wine twice. And it was the wrong soda. We had to figure out how it all worked. The Buffett part was constantly out of something. Our glasses were almost always empty. We had the green up all the time and still never tried the lamb, and who knows what else we missed. Our server had his tie down and shirt untucked acting like he was pisses to even be there. Then when we finally left after almost 2 hours we had a bill for $200 for four people that they would not split (that's with no alcohol). My friend said it best when we walked out the door and he said " I feel like I just got mugged." I am mad I have to give it one star.
5	The name was changed quite some time ago to Brazilian Bull Steakhouse. Nothing seems to have changed other than the name and that is a fine thing indeed.
2	Mediocre.We went to Brazilian Bull last year looking for a more cost-effective alternative to Fogo De Chao (which is out of this world, by the way) and frankly, we were pretty disappointed. The meat just wasn't cooked properly.The service was good, I suppose. I would hope they have improved since we went so long ago but recent reviews aren't terribly convincing.
1	Finally a date night  after 6 months, and wanted something special. My husband and I chose Brazilian Bull Steakhouse after seeing a billboard on the freeway, and after having our anniversary at Fogo de Chao, we were excited to have a Brazilian steakhouse on our side of town! Well, I wish we had spent the extra $ and went to Fogo de Chao,  because we were miserable here. We made early reservations so we could have plenty of time before our movie, and when we got to the restaurant at 4:30 there was only one other table occupied and they left shortly after we got our drinks. Now I will say this, THE SERVICE WAS EXCELLENT, but that's all that was good. The salad/hot bar was pretty, but the cold salads were bland, the shrimp were thumbnail size, and the meatballs needed seasoning. I had one bite of potato salad and one bite of hummus, both tasted like  what you get at the deli of your grocery store. The cheese bread which the server raved about were quarter-size and had no real taste other than slightly freezer-burned. At this point, I wish we would've just left, but we were holding out that hopefully the meat would make up for ll this, because really, who goes to these places for the salad bar?? Well, it didn't get better. We tried all the meats offered except for the chicken hearts, and the only one I ate all of was the pineapple, and that was mainly to get the other taste out of my mouth. The rest was overcooked, dry, and either extremely salty or no taste whatsoever. Even when I asked for medium rare, everything was medium well or well done. I wish I had had the balls to leave, I expected so much, and now I'm out $100 that I could've spent at a much better restaurant. Extremely, extremely disappointed.
1	Really disappointed. I have been to Fogo de Chao and other Brazilian steak houses and this was no better quality than an all you can eat chinese buffet. IT was $33 and not worth it. The Salad bar at Brazilian Steakhouses is usually amazing. This had canned beats and chips that you find at a Chinese fast food chain. The shrimp looked sickly. The meat was over salted and dry and the skewers they brought out tiny most of the time. I am a big eater and could barely eat this stuff becuase my stomach started hurting. The only meat that was good was the sirloin and they barely brought it out. The deserts were mediocre. I would never go there again.
3	This is now the fifth time I have had a meal here.  Two previous dinners and two previous lunches.  I went last night with my daughter who had never been to a Brazilian Churrascaria before, so I wanted to give her the experience of dining at such a place.I think my rating reflects the fact that I found a slight deteriorating in the food quality this time.  While I must say that all previous times that I have dined here have all not been outstanding regarding food quality, I think this time there was a slight deterioration.  The appetizer/salad/side order bar still had a lot of things on it, but the food items were of lesser quality -- for instance, the shrimps were smaller (like baby shrimps) and previously frozen; not fresh.  The stuffed deviled eggs tasted a little old.  The marinated mushrooms were small and also tasted a little old.  The salads were OK.They still had a good variety and selection of meats, but my guess is that since the economy still sucks, their business is down and the volume of customers does not justify them using the better grades of meat.  Further, this same negative economical effect also causes them to grill smaller portions of meat to reduce waste -- this then causes the meats to be less juicy and it is impossible to get a nice cut of rare or even medium-rare meat.  Everything last night was medium to well done, which is simply not to my liking.  However, since my daughter likes her meats medium well, she enjoyed everything.  Oh yeah, I also found the lamb to be overdone and the sausages to be tasteless.Now, having read my review here, you probably would think that my opinion about this restaurant really is down, but I will say that that is not true.  I simply was a little disappointed but would still say that this place is still worth fraternizing.  Their price is higher than other restaurants, but considerably lower than other churrascaria's.  And oh yeah, they are running a promotion for Mondays -- buy two dinners and get a whole bottle of wine for free.  So I got a a whole bottle of cab for free and I must tell you that it was decent cab -- not great but not two buck chuck either.  It was one of their cabs off of their standard wine list so that was a pretty good deal to get a whole free bottle of wine with two dinners.
2	We use to go to this location before the name change and it was excellent, but now I have to agree with the review below, the meat is over cooked and while the salad bar has great selection, it just doesn't taste good.
1	My mother and niece from Chicago came down here and wanted to take my wife and I to this restaurant because she wanted us to experience the ambiance and service based on their restaurant in Chicago.  Unfortunately, that left a LOT to be desired here.  The first thing I tasted was the crab legs on the bar and was shocked to taste how rubbery and overcooked they were. While the meat kept coming and coming, so did my digested contents due to the horrendous aftertaste in our mouths.  I did see a dessert item I liked but refused to get it after eating this meal.  When my mother got the $131 bill for the four of us to eat, I got madder than a hornet.  She was even more upset because of the high price for subpar food.,
1	If you care to read a review from a native Brazilian, then keep reading...This place is awful. I forgot I had been there 6 years ago but with the change in name I arrived and thought I'd give it a chance.Waste of money. I don't have high standards but this was THE WORST Brazilian restaurant I've ever been to. The salad bar has potato salad you can buy at Walmart (believe me, I buy it there too...), pao de queijo (cheese bread) that is made from the Yoki brand (trust me, I buy it too...) I don't want to go to a restaurant that resells food from other places..The fried banana was cold. The rice, undercooked. The farofa (fried yuca flour) was mixed with Mexican spices. They served Mexican style beans too.But the worst were the meats. They tasted gross. Burnt. Filled with grease. The sausage was undercooked. The chicken had a weird color to it. So I spent all but 20 mins there and $21 with tax. Whats really going on here is that the place 'mexicanized' the Brazilian steakhouse concept. I love Mexican foods and my Mexican friends (I spend a lot of time in Mexico). But truth is: when you see all the servers speak in Spanish and the food cooked Mexican style, keep in mind that you're NOT in a Brazilian steakhouse. So skip this place altogether. Even as a regular restaurant, this place is awful. Too bad I can't give it ZERO stars in Yelp....
2	This place was much better a few years ago before they changed the name, but having been to Brazilian restaurants all around the country this is one of the worst I have been to.  I organized an office dinner a few years ago and the food was great, so I had the chance to take a client out for lunch in the area so I recommended this place.  The salad bar was just ehh, as were the meats, they were all over cooked and dry and the best thing was the ham. (ham should not be the best tasting meat at a Brazilian restaurant)  The service was great... since there was only two other tables but he was always over checking how things were, almost at the annoying point.  Needless to say it was overpriced (19.99) for the salad/meat lunch.  Unless things change big time I will not bother coming back.
1	I should have read the reviews first.....big mistake on my part.  Went to this steakhouse last night with my wife and her parents.  The place was empty except for  one 8 top that didn't look real happy as they were paying they're bill and heading out the door. (bad sign #1 and #2) The service was good and the salad bar was ok.  However; when the meat products started arrive is when it got real bad.  All beef items on their menu tasted like liver and chewed like a tough tire.  Just terrible.  My wife stopped eating, followed by her father then her mom. All with the same look on their face.  The rest of the meat items just tasted like salt....lots of salt.  With a fixed ticket price of $33 per person we were looking forward to a wonderful dinning experience.  We would have eaten better across the street at the Waffle House.  Not wanting to complain with my wife's parents along for the meal I thought I would call today and express our experience to the manager.  So I call and ask for the manager.  After a bit of a wait I got a gentlemen who spoke very poor English and from his first word, about the rudest person I've ever dealt with.  He basically said I was crazy, his products were fine, and he never receives complaints as such (yeah right)  After going nowhere with this guy for 5 minutes or so I find out he is the owner.  Wow is all I could think.  This place should not be in business.......someone is going to get sick from their food.  All of these reviews below mine don't lie.....DON'T EAT HERE.Also I hope your smarter than I and read these reviews before you go and spend a fortune on disgusting food.
2	When I first arrived at this place I was not impressed with their location.  It was not a fancy restaurant and lacked a bit of ambiance.  It wasn't until I received my bill that I was completely disappointed with the entire place.The food was okay...The waiters come around and cut several pieces of different meats that you combine with rice and beans along with fried bananas.  They did not explain how the colored wood sticks work.  It was not until I went on their website that I knew what it was used for.  The green means keep the meats coming, red means stop and if you place your stick sideways it means you are ready for dessert.  There is no menu so you never know what you are paying for anything until you get the bill which I thought was a bit shady. I paid $92 for two adults and one child (we did not order drinks by the way, just water)   which I thought was outrageous especially since they included an 18% tip without even asking.  This place is mediocre for the price.  I could have gone to Ruth's Chris for this price and had an amazing steak and much better ambiance.  I've got to say that the experience of a Brazilian Churrascaria was neat but definitely would not pay $92 at this place again.
3	I went here tonight with my co-workers for our holiday meal and there was 9 of us.The setup is pretty simple - you have 4 stages of your meal which are salad bar, meat, dessert, and checkout. These states are dictated by your table by a round peg with different colors on it.Being with 9 dudes we all decided that we were there to eat meat and more meat so we immediately turned the peg to green (for meat). This must have thrown off the staff because we all sat there for 10minutes twiddling our thumbs waiting for the meat skewers to come out.I think they wanted us to go get salad... because filling up on salad and a little meat is FAR less expensive than eating 5 pounds of meat per dude.Finally they caught on and started bringing meat out. We kept them busy but still they were slow. I am generally a slow eater and I could pretty much gobble up my meat before they even got around the table. Then... you'd have to wait 2-3 minutse for the next skewer to come out. So everyone spent a lot of time staring at an empty plate.This isn't bad if you want to chat, which we did, but at the same time we were there to eat. As time goes on, food settles and you get full... so again, we were there for business and wanted more before it settled.With that said, most of us went home stuffed. One guy could have stayed for another 4 hours, especially at the pace they were going at.This was the first time I went to a Brazilian Steakhouse so I can't compare. A few of the other guys had gone elsewhere before and I believe they said that other places were better. I thought the food was decent but nothing I was absolutey dying for nor writing home about. I think everyone else felt the same.
1	The atmosphere was informal and we had an excellent waiter, Nate, serving a large variety of different meats.  The salad bar was ok, but of course this restaurant is not noted for the salad bar.  It was a little pricey but the variety of meats and service were very good.  We all also ordered desserts that were excellent.  The fried bananas were very tasty. We chose the restaurant after receiving a flier in the mail that stated a bottle of wine would be served with the purchase of two dinners on Monday nights. We invited friends to join us, but the owner refused to honor the coupon and said it was only one bottle of wine per table.  There was a table of 12 next to us that also were allowed only one bottle for the table!  The owner refused to come to our table so I went to where he was sitting in the bar and showed him the flier.  He just shrugged his shoulders and refused to talk to me.  When I said we would split into two tables he again turned away from me and said to go ahead and move.  Reminded me a bit of the Seinfeld episode of the Soup Nazi in New York. We will probably go to Fogo De Chao in Scottsdale next time!
1	That place it's bad and overpriced Don't waste you money and time!
1	I only give one star because there is not an option for zero star. I'm a Brazilian from Curitiba. I tried this place about 3 times across the last 6 years. Each time the place had a different owner and we were told things would improve. They need to burn this place down and start all over. It was terrible each time! Please don't waste money, time at this place. Zero quality, poor service! Nothing Brazilian about this place. Fogo de Chao is the best Brazilian restaurant in town at the moment. Fogo de chao is worth every penny, not this place. Food was cold, the food tasted and looked old. Nothing positive to say. I like to enjoy good fresh food and nothing about this place was good to me. (or my group that also did not enjoy this place)
4	Went there for dinner twice in a row. It was very good. The salad bar has some favorites and the meat was really good too. My favorites are the pork ribs and the top sirloin. However, my absolute favorite and the reason I like Brazilian Bull over their competitors is the grilled pineapple. I love it. We have been going here sporadically for a few years... since it was Fogo e Brasa... once like 2-3 years ago the quality was very bad, meat was dry and it felt like a bad decline in service and quality... However, it seems to be very good again.We don't go often so we don't know how consistent they are... but as I said, the pineapple alone encouraged us to give them another chance.If you want to try a meat or have a second or third portion feel free to tell them, they are very friendly and will get you what you ask for.It is very far from us so I don't know when we will be back, but we definitely will.
5	Last Friday, I decided to try this place out with some friends and I had a great experience. The server was friendly, the quality of the food was amazing, and every few minutes you would have ladies dancing.When i went, the price was about 32 bucks for all you can eat. From the other reviews, it seems as if some people had an issue with how fast they were able to get their meat. When I went, this wasn't a problem so take that as you will.The restaurant itself was well decorated as well and the ambiance overall was pretty nice. One word of warning though, I don't know if the ladies dance there all the time since I've only been there once, but if you go with a girlfriend or wife who's a little insecure...you're going to have a bad time. I feel as if these ladies who were dancing got dagger stares from some of the other ladies at the restaurant.
1	If you eat pounds of meat at one sitting and don't mind if it's overcooked and dry, perhaps you might feel the price is right. However, our bill for two was nearly $80 and that's without alcohol. I also think that if you are going to periodically interrupt people's dining experience with half naked dancers and loud music, please upgrade your sound system. The Brazilian street music sounded like it was being pumped through the blown out speakers of a 80's Honda civic.If your feeling carnivorous, your money is much better spent for a steak cooked correctly at a decent steakhouse.
1	We came here for dinner the other night and we weren't overly impressed and, honestly, I'm quite surprised by some of the higher reviews. The atmosphere was fine; low lighting, decently decorated, but it was much smaller than I had expected. It was also nearly empty when we first got there at 6pm.Service was decent; a couple of the servers were hard to understand but we got by. Now, I understand the whole concept of how the servers will keep coming with the meat  until you turn over the little colorful toy looking thing but it was a bit distracting to have a conversation when the servers are circling around you and interrupting. Maybe it would be better to just bring out a dish of the samplings and if you want more then you could ask for it.The salad bar was...okay. It wasn't anything to rave about. I tried a sampling of six different salads; mushrooms, tilapia and tomatoes, chicken salad, egg salad, crab salad, and garbanzo bean salad. Of the six I thought two of them were good; chicken salad and egg salad.After we finished with the salads they started bringing in the meats. Again, we thought they were okay. The beefs were definitely way better than the others. I liked the prime rib, the sirloin, and the fillet, however they were a bit over cooked for my taste but they were seasoned well and moist. Although, the sausage was dry, the ham was so-so, the pork chop was completely dried out, the lamb I didn't care for, and the piece of rib I got didn't really have any meat on it.They also brought rice, beans, some other sauce, and a small dish of fried banana's. I didn't try the beans or whatever the sauce was but I did try the rice. It was plain, nothing exciting, plus it was slightly undercooked; I got a few crunchy pieces. The fried banana's were really good though.We had the flan for dessert, it was actually really good. Keep in mind though, flan is pretty easy to make, but it was tasty.I think that it's a great concept and would be an enjoyable experience if the quality was better. While I'm glad we at least tried it, because it's always good to try something new, I doubt we'll ever be back. The price we paid wasn't worth it. Unless they lowered their price to $20 a person, I probably wouldn't come back. I think it would be a better idea to take your money to one of your favorite steakhouses.Now I was going to give this restaurant a 2, maybe 3, star rating however, after reading other reviews and seeing how the manager of Brazilian Bull responded to negative reviews I changed it to a 1 star rating. Tip to the manager: if you want people to return after a bad experience, being rude, disrespectful and extremely defensive is not the way to do it. Being argumentative and trying to prove a point won't help your restaurant and you should keep in mind "word of mouth" is a powerful tool. Learn some customer service and common courtesy.
5	I went on a Saturday at noon and found this place to be excellent.  The price was good, the selection was good and the service was perfect.  Highly, highly recommend the Lunch.  Can't comment on dinner but I will.
1	If i could I would give this place absolutely no stars,it was that terrible. I went here because my uncle was visiting and he was in the mood for Brazilian style food. I looked up reviews and saw that they had a great salad bar which is great for me because I'm a vegetarian. So we get there and get our food and Its really nothing to write home about defiantly overpriced it was 32 dollars a plate if your eating meat and salad. Well while we where eating a waitress comes over and offers us rice balls I ask her if there was any meat in it because as i had said before I'm a vegetarian. She told me that it was vegetarian so I grabbed one. it wasn't until i bit in to it I realized It had bacon in it but not before I swallowed my first bite. When we informed our waiter of what had happened he told me he was sorry. And I understand that it's not entirely his fault but he didn't even bring the manager to us. We then asked him to go get the manager, he went to tell the manager everything that had happened and the manager told him to tell is there was nothing he could do and refused to speak with us!!! Then they brought is the bill and they charged me in full for my plate of salad which was 21 dollars and I didn't even eat much because I was repulsed by the MEAT they made me eat!!!!
2	The only good thing about this place is the service. Staff and waiters put a lot of effort in serve you the best they can. The main problem here is the food. For the price you are paying, I rather recommend you to go to a mediocre buffet like Golden Corral. Food did not look well, and did not taste well. In top of that, the over the top decor (almost Disney World-like) is overwhelming. They use "Brazilian" on their name but the only Brazilian element is the meat service at your table everything else is cheap-buffet food.
4	The place was a bit small and cramped.  The tables were very close to each other.  However, the food was delicious.  The meats were so flavorful and the salad bar was great.  The manager was also very accommodating, and slightly resembled John Malkovich.  Their prices are very reasonable for this type of restaurant.  The dessert was great.  I will be coming back again!
4	Arizona, Family-owned. Had a very cute atmosphere and the appetizer bar. For lunch it's only $8! Such a steal. Drinks during lunch were a little expensive, but I loved it. The meat was juicy and looked appetizing. I didn't eat the meat, but my husband and friend did and couldn't finish. With the meat, it was $20. I personally think for lunch that was a pretty good deal. I am not sure about dinner, but I would think much cheaper than Fogo and probably better. Plus it's not a chain!I need to go back before I can give it a full five stars, but the service was great, and the food was really great! Too many choices. I recommend the ceviche, egg salad, tuna salad, pesto pasta, fried bananas, grilled pineapple and coconut cake (to die for!!!!). Looking forward to the next visit.
4	Big 'ol salad bar. Check. A good variety of meats. Check.A bottle of Moscato. Check.I have eaten here twice now and I still really enjoy it. The whole concept of how they run things is super cool and I feel like I can eat forever. I do have to warn those of you who like your meat umm... burnt. They give you more medium rare cooked meats, but you just have to ask for them to cook it more and they'll do it for you. The dinner is typically $100 for two people which does NOT include drinks and dessert. Soooo if you're wanting something more on the fancy side, then come here for dinner. Service is good. Staff is nice. I like this place a lot!
5	OK, first $32.99 for Dinner...at first I thought it was a lot, but quickly tasted everything they dish out, and let me tell you...This place is a great place. Better come hungry so you can try everything.  So basically starve yourselves...5 stars all the way
3	First off, I am not exactly sure what everyone was expecting here after reading the reviews below. I took my wife there on a date, and the place was great.  Great price for very good food.  The atmosphere was light, and other diners eating and having a good time always add to the good food in a nice way.The meats were great and the texture was good. I especially loved the sirloin and the bacon wrapped filet.  Plus I was happy with the chicken hearts and the roasted pineapple that my wife couldn't get enough of. So why 3 and not 4 stars?  I really wanted black beans.  As a fan of brazilian, I always expect black not brown over rice. There is just something about the taste of black beans when sided next to the fried bananas and white rice that really make a meal.  Plus I was expecting more from the salad bar, and was a little disappointed.  But not so much that I didn't love the ceviche. Otherwise, all was good.
2	Eh.  I won't go back.  We had been eyeing this place for some time, but I rarely am hungry enough to justify a $26 dinner.  Since it was my husband's birthday, it seemed like a good choice for the occassion.I made a reservation for us and our friends through the restaurant's website.  In the "comments" I indicated it was a birthday celebration and if they do anything for birthdays, to please include that.   Well, that didn't happen.  But we did get to witness a table nearby receive a tiny (as in about one bite) birthday treat.  Not a huge deal, but would have been nice to have had his acknowledged since I did make a point to mention it.Food wise, I give it about 2.5 out of 5 stars.  Nothing was great.  Salad bar was adequate but lacked in the fresh toppings.  Everything was a salad of it's own in some way for the most part... not a lot of independent salad toppings.  The meats were OK.  Chicken sausage was nasty, none of us ate that.  Tilapia was super fishy.  Otherwise it was fair.  Nothing great, nothing too bad.  The rice, beans, etc that are delivered to the table went untouched for the most part as they were never explained.  We ate the bananas, but had no idea what the sauces were to be used for.Service wise - here's where the real lack of stars in my rating comes in.  Not impressed.  At all.  First, I could barely understand a word our server said.  He brought over the wine cart and made his sales pitch.  We declined because 1) wasn't in a wine mood and 2) if we did want wine, we would have liked to see a menu and decide rather than the pushy sales pitch.  Since there wasn't even a drink menu, we all ordered water.  And not the "Sparking Water", or the "something something bottled water" both of which our server pushed for, hard.  But just regular ice water.  Mistake?  Possibly.  I think we were then labeled as the "cheap table" and our service indicated as such.  We rarely saw our waiter after that, he never did actually talk to us or offer to take plates etc, after that and we had to ask for refills on the water.The meats took about 10 minutes after we turned our table indicator to green and were very irregular in timing.  Sometimes you'd get 4-5 meats at once, other times you'd stare at your plate for 10 minutes.  We also had to request the pinapple several times before receiving it.  And not all of the meats on the menu were brought around.  The meat servers were all kind, though.Lastly, our server did one of the few things that is a pet peeve when dining out, especially at a more upscale establishment - he picked up my signed credit card slip from the table while we were still sitting there.  And more so, had empty glasses and were not offered anything more to drink.  This is the ultimate "I'm done with you, get out" indication.  So we did.  But we probably won't go back - and in the future I'll start waiting to fill out the credit slip until we're actually ready to leave, and the tip will reflect the service during our entire visit, not just the part while we're still spending money.
1	As a native Brazilian, I DO NOT recommend going to this restaurant. There is not one single point that I like. The decoration and music actually are the only two good points. The rice they brought us was all sticky. They did not have all cuts of steak, including my favorite, skirt stake(fraldinha). Some of the meats did not taste like much, such as the "Contra file"; they were not salted properly, which is hard to mess up. Also, I know the cuts in Portuguese, not in English. A guy brought some meat, then I asked the name in Portuguese. He replied: How am I gonna know? I am not Portuguese. Then he left and never came back to our table. And THE MOST IMPORTANT: cutting the meat!! The servers cut huge pieces, cut against the fibers, knifes were totally not sharp, so the cutting was all messed up. They were not cutting the meat; they were butchering it. And for those who do not know the thinnest you cut the better it will taste. I hope that the American people don't think this is a traditional Brazilian restaurant experience; there are other ones in the area that provide a way better experience.
4	We came here years ago and really enjoyed it. Wanting to go again but after reading poor reviews about a year ago we decided to go to Fogo instead. Today we were close by and decided to give them another shot. Reviews were getting better.Sunday at 11 we were the only ones there so we were a little nervous. $20 for unlimited salad bar and meats, the salad bar was decent for a salad bar but nothing compared to what is offered at Fogo, but we weren't there to fill up on that.The meats were very good, some better than others but overall better than avarage. Our meat guy took the time to ask how we liked our meats cooked and made sure we got that cut. No lamb at lunch but the top sirloin, roast beef and prime rib were great and I loved the grilled pineapple. Plenty of sides, our drinks were never empty and the staff was very nice. Although stuffed we shared a coconut cake (ALL desserts are made in house) it was the best!  I highly recommend giving them a shot. Or another try if it's been awhile. They would have gotten 5 stars if the salad bar had more to offer.
1	Go somewhere else!!! I decided to try this place after going to the same type of restaurant in California.  This place was a huge disappointment.  First off, their "wine list" was a cart of wine and the prices were negotiable.  WEIRD!  Then, while we were trying to make a decision for wine, the "maitre d" try to sell us his "family recipe" sangria.  It was so weird.  We finally settled on a bottle of mediocre wine. Then... the salad bar.  Disappointment again.  There were a few items that were decent, but for the most part everything offered could have been bought at the grocery store deli. The meats... The waiter told us that all of the meats were cooked to well done unless we asked for something different.  Who wants well done red meats?  We asked them to be cooked to medium-rare, which they did.  The one they overcooked was the bacon wrapped filet.  It was well done and gross.  Overall, the meats were pretty good.  Seasoned well, cooked properly and came often.  The cheese bread they put on the table was really good also.Once we were done, the dessert cart came around.  I had the creme brulee, which was really good.The service was okay.  Our actual waiter was new, but did a great job.  The down side... The maitre d'.  He was pushy and overly "friendly" and kinda creepy.  We were celebrating my birthday with a really large group so he made sure he got his wine sold, but never came back to take drink orders from the people who didn't want wine.  They also really tried to push the bottled water they had on the table, but when we told them we didn't want to pay for water and that tap water was fine, you could tell in his attitude he was annoyed.  Then the end of the night... The staff sang happy birthday and my friends and family were taking pictures.  First off... I HATE when restaurants put hats on your head... you don't know where it's been or what germs are living in it, but the maitre d' threw the nasty thing on my head anyway.  Then, he asked me if I was married. WHAT?!?!  I told him no... BAD IDEA!  He then proceeded to wrap me in a huge bear hug and planted a big, slobbery, disgusting kiss on my cheek!  I pulled away as hard as I could, but that creep had his arms around me.  I wanted to puke!  WHO DOES THAT?!?!Then we asked for our checks... another disaster.  It took them forever to get them figured out for our group.  We asked at the beginning of dinner to have separate checks and thought the maitre d' took it all down... but it was somehow lost during the course of the meal and it took the staff 3 times to try and get everything right.  Then they overcharged us by 1 meal and they treated us like we stole a dinner!  Once we finally got that straightened out, they wouldn't come back to take the cards until my dad told one of the waiters walking by that we were tired of waiting and we were leaving and that if it meant they weren't getting paid, we didn't care.  After that, the maitre d' came right over and got everyone's cards.By the end of the night, I had an okay meal with great friends and family... just wish we would have gone somewhere else.  The maitre d' ruined everything!  Save your money and go somewhere else.
1	We saw signs along the 10 fwy for all you can eat for 25.99 so we dedicded tocheck them out. atmosphere was nice salad bar was decent and the different meats were ok depending on what you like. the waiters were very nice. when we finished dining and paid opur bill we were asked to do a review on a ipad. when we got home we had each received a coupon good for 25.99. so a few weeks later we went back.  they refused to honor the coupon they sent. then they said the dinner was 33.99. we never saw a menu or anything stating the dinner was 33.99. it certainly is  not worth 33.99. so we said since we have 2 coupons worth 25.99 then we should pay the difference. they said NO!! even one coupon per table would have been acceptable. not only did the owner say H*** NO!!!he accused us of wanting to eat free and stated": i don;t like THOSE people anyway".the waiter did all he could to get the owner to honor at least one coupon but the owner refused,. this coupon came directly from the resturant not groupon or any other source.  i will never go back to this place. that man's dishonestly and bigotry is a toltal turn off plus it really is not worth 25.99 or 33.99.....
4	We came for dinner to celebrate our anniversary. They had live music and it was great but a little loud for conversation. Very friendly and attentive staff. We never had to ask for drink refills and the meat was hot juicy and great. The salad bar was different this time and isn't amazing but we come for the meats and they are worth it. Price for dinner very reasonable when you consider all the staff they have to wait on you.
5	Our dining experience was entertaining and delicious, impeccable service. Hit all the senses! Thank you Wagner and Levi!
5	Great food, can't wait to go back.  The meat was fresh and hot, just remember to turn over your "meat wanted" indicator otherwise they just keep bringing more to you.  I will pass on the Brazilian soda in a can though.
2	So i was really trying to like this place but 1st off for 90 bucks tough steak is Not acceptable the salad bar was surprisingly yummy. No one explained exactly how it worked we have been at fogo n kinda knew what to do they dont carry enough red meats in my opinion to call this a steakhouse sausage ham pinapple chicken turkey chicken hearts ect those dont count in my opinion... they were friendly, but another thing no one brought us rice or bananas n all the works till then of our meal i was literally eating my dessert which i may add my homemade cheese cake is a billion times better also one thing that truly bothered me was that they charged us for an extra person ? like how do you accidently charge a couple for three, my husband never checks the bill but 120 for an Okay meal he checked i dont plan on returning i rather pay more for an awesome experiance.
2	After living in Brasil for 5 years I was very excited to try this place. I was thoroughly disappointed.  The price was way too much for their choice of meats. The night I went they weren't offering all their meats they claim to serve. Their salad bar had nothing authentic to Brasil. Quality of meat was mediocre at best. Price way too much for what you get.
1	I had been wanting to dine here for a long time, and I finally had the opportunity to have dinner with some old college buddies and I must admit, I was disappointed in the food and service.  Too pricy for EXTREMELY SALTY MEAT, I mean big time and I love to salt my food before even tasting it. Not only was it way too salty, but the Host also tried to speak Chinese to my Korean/American friend. So I would never recommend it.  I hope the Scottsdale location is better, because the concept seems great, but the reality was just bad.  Salad bar isn't too bad.
2	Harried and disorganized front of house. Very crowded. I've been to several Brazilian steakhouses and this is not only the least impressive, but also cost more. The yelp ap claims a $26.99 discount if you check in, when I showed our waiter he said it was expired. I showed him that it was current... Even as I sit here writing this the promotion is still there. He just ignored me. Of all the meat options only a couple were actually good. I really enjoyed the pineapple and top sirloin. The tilapia was also very tasty... But not worth $30 a person. Service was unimpressive. One waiter didn't speak English very well and couldn't tell us clearly what we were being offered.
2	I was really disappointed. I have been to several Brazilian stake houses and this one doesn't even compare. Salad bar is weak, they are so stingy on the sides such at the cheese breads and friends bananas. And they are more expensive than the other brazilian steak houses. The service was fair. Nothing special. I am sure I won't go back to this place. The one in Scottsdale is worth the drive .
1	Just the worse place! Sorry guys but this place does not serve brazillian food! The steaks tastes like left over meal. Staff is ver friendly, but the food quality is just bad. Aqui nao serve comida brasileira! Guarde o seu dinheiro!
1	Run...Run far away ...run to Fogo de Chao!!! So worth the extra 20 dollars/pp to go to Fogo. The service was great but the food just wasn't good. I tried so hard to like it. Not gonna happen. Salad bar was very limited and the meats were just dry and salty.  I'd rather have spent money on 1 good steak than an endless supply of crappy meat. Skip it.
2	We went for lunch, after checking out their website.Their website and the window right by the front door says they offer sirloin and lamb burgers for $8-10, and a meat sampler for $8.Our waitress came and she explained we could either do the salad bar for $10 or the meat "buffet" and salad bar for $20, with no mention of the burgers or meat sampler. When I asked about the burgers, she said they no longer offer that. When I asked about the meat sampler she (sorta begrudgingly) agreed that still was offered.We got the meat "buffet", and it was decent enough. My main issue is if your lunch menu has been drastically cut down, take it off your website and off your front-window. It borders on bait-and-switch when you only tell your customers about the $20 option, never mention the $8 sampler option, and remove $8 burgers without telling anyone.
4	Went with some work friends cause it sounded good.  they have some great meat selections to pick, and being all you can eat i tried it all, and then kept eating.  the guys coming out with the meat on the sticks were really friendly.the salad bar was the start of the meal, and really sucked, was a waste of time :)for drinks we ordered some drinks and got one they said was strong 151.  the drink sucked and barely had the taste of rum in it so we mentioned it to the bartender (hoping maybe they would throw a little extra in the cup) and got a total attitude about it and the refusal to do anything.  The "House" drink the waiter recommended was really good though.Overall, I enjoyed the food and atmosphere but not sure i will go back (the whole  weak drink think really bothered me)
1	Overpriced, terrible food. Avoid this place. Spend the money on Fogo de Chao. I won't go into too much detail because based on the other reviews, it seems like I'm not the only one who recognizes how terrible this place it. I'll leave it with this little gem.... the waitress offered us PIZZA BITES half way through our meal. Priceless....
3	I had been wanting to try out this place after seeing such good reviews. It was packed when I first came here so the service was a bit slow. There are a wide variety of food you can choose from. All of which were pricey. The food's quality is good so its worth it. Still not impressed though.
1	I texted the number *on their website* to be added to their promotions, got the text code, went in and they said that the promotion was over. I said its still on their very own website. How can it be over? Nonetheless, I gave them the promo coupon from right here on Yelp. They said that was over too. This was like 2 months ago. It's still here on Yelp! I walked out and went to Fogo de Chao. While I was in there getting denied, I did get a good look at their selections and service. Horrible! Don't waste your time. These guys' dishonesty doesn't bode well for the quality of their food.
4	Walked in on a Saturday night and it was half full, which for my boyfriend and I was a plus, the food was delicious, everything was flavourful esp the meats my boyfriend loved it, only downsides was we hardly knew who our server was, and it felt like they closed down the buffet way too early, we felt kind of rushed if it weren't for that definitely would've gotten 5 stars.P.s most of them have extremely thick accents but I liked it cause it added to the atmosphere.
4	If you're going to a Brazilian steakhouse, you either know what you're getting into, or someone should tell you that you should do the buffet.  (If you're going to a seafood restaurant, you're missing the point if you're ordering a cheeseburger.)SAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT.  Or take it with you to go.  I got two to go...(five layer chocolate cake ..and Flan) and I regret nothing.  Little lady had cheesecake.  Dessert was a show-stealer.The chocolate cake was flawless.  Thinking of going just for dessert, I kid you not.Service, selection, and quality is not Fogo de Chao, ...but the price is quite a bit less, and that counts for a lot.Atkins friendly!
1	This place is a joke.  I will never return.  The meat carved off the carcass at the table was messy and chewy.  The drinks were small and the prices were high.  It's amazing this restaurant is still open.  The waiter bragged about earning 6-$700 a week.  Never again.
5	The food is absolutely phenomenal!  I love rare and medium rare meat and that's a majority the meat selections.  Service is great, always had water in my cup.  We went there with a group of 10 and it was awesome.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone! Keep up the good work
3	The food is good but service was slow and had to keep asking for meats to come to the table. Seems like they are understaffed. Over all good place and good food but service needs improvement
3	The service was great.  Friendly and quick.  We dropped in for lunch.  It was pretty quiet on a Thursday.  Most of the meat was a little too dry for my liking.  None of it was bad, but compared to Fogo de Chao it was lacking.  The ham, ribeye and bacon wrapped turkey being the exception.  The salad bar was good, but didn't have a ton of options.  Might give it another try in the evening when it is more busy.
4	I would go back for sure. The flavor and selection of meat was perfect and the buffet was incredible.... Crab salad, mussels... Delicious! I see a lot of people saying the service is slow, well it's a Brazilian steakhouse so expect to spend about an hour and a half. Long story short, GO!
3	I do like this place and several of the items they offer. The salad bar has several items I like but not a lot of items like other Brazilian steak houses I have been to.We have eaten there twice and always had good food and meat.  They are helpful and service friendly here.  It is not like Fogo de Chao but it is a family owned place and they make it work well.
1	I had visited this restaurant many time before. This time for my birthday I wanted to go back because it was one of my favorites. But this visit was the most disappointing. The service was aweful. They were extremely rude. They wouldn't seat us. They also dissected myself and my husband . They just blatantly spoke in a vey rude manor to my husband and my guest. This outing ruined my birthday !! I will NEVER visit this restaurant again!!
1	I called several times prior to arrival to set a reservation for a birthday. No answer, nor was there an answering machine message recorded. You have access to set reservations on Open Table, but again, no message was received that THEY WERE ON VACATION! We drove the nearly 30 miles to eat for a party of 7, three vehicles, only to find the restaurant was closed! What a great birthday dinner surprise! NOT! We went up the street to Flemings, they got our business instead.
4	Came in for lunch food was awesome it was lunch time and had a pretty descent crowd... Never had to wait more then couple min between meats salad bar was clean and full very decent prices
2	Bottom Line - If you are looking for a great Brazilian Churrascaria, look elsewhere.Service: 4/5 The initial welcome was great and the Passador was very polite and friendly.Personality: 2/5 The decor is colorful and exudes a festive atmosphere, but the general demeanor of most of the employees is dour and flat.Quality: 1/5  The Ceviche (flavorful not to acid), Black Bean stew (well seasoned and deep in flavor) are fantastic but are part of the salad bar.  The Caipirinha was just right as well, but unfortunately what should be the star of the dining experience, the meat, was a disappointment.  With the exception of the Beef Kebab everything was either dry or under seasoned except the pork sausage which was entirely too salty, I had to mix it with the beans and rice to cut the salt.  I was also disappointed because of the lack of any sort of sauces to add to the meat.   Recommendation: 2/5  If you want to experience some nice examples of Ceviche and Black Bean Stew, have the salad bar (all you can eat 9.99).   If you are looking for a good example of a Churrascaria, save your money.
4	We went on a Sunday for a friend's birthday lunch.  After reading some of the reviews we almost picked a different place.  I am so glad we didn't!  The food was great and the service was excellent.  The meat server rotated us through each of the meat choices and then came back again with out favorites.  The appetizer bar had a variety of hot and cold dishes.  The other two servers kept the lovely nuggets of bread coming along with fried bananas and beans.  For dessert, the chocolate cake and creme brulee were great, but the chocolate truffles just tasted like hot fudge rolled in chocolate sprinkles.  Overall, great experience.  The carnivorous birthday boy was very happy!
4	My father-in-law got us a Brazilian Bull gift card for my husband birthday so we decided to try it out. Pricing is split up a couple different ways to accommodate different budgets. Hubby and I did the 24.99 just meat deal and it was a fair price. The pork ribs, tri tip, and prime rib were very good. Couldn't get enough. The rest is good just not as memorable as our top three. The pineapple was my favorite. Not dripping in sugar but just naturally sweet enough... Yum!! Negatives were the food came out a little slowly at first. Building anticipation maybe? But other than that we ll come again when we get the craving. Food 4/5Price 3.5/5 Overall 4/5
2	We went there for our 12th anniversary. It wasn't what I expected. The service was slow. We noticed that seating  were segrated by groups/race (left right and middle). On one side, we saw all white customers and they seemed to get excellent services with constant fresh meats. They were on the first serve group. As for my fiance and I, we were the only asian couple there so we were seated at the middle table with empty tables around. The remained side was darker skins group. Services for us and darker skin groups were slow. They didnt stay for long compared to the white tables. As for us,  my fiance's stomach was still half empty when we left.
1	I went with my family and it was a total of 9 people, we made a reservation a few days before and we are all Brazilian.  We would have gone to Fogo de Chao, but they are closed for lunch on Sundays.  I have been to the Brazilian Bull before, and was disappointed in the meat selection, but Sunday at lunch was the only time we all had available to eat together.  The service was slow not inline with what we had paid for and expected.  It appeared to be only one waitress for over 12 tables and the most of the gentlemen that were serving the meat did not speak english or Portuguese, which made it very difficult to request the cuts of meat we wanted.The food was really not good at all, most of the meat was chicken, turkey wrapped with bacon, pork ribs, more chicken, pork sausage (which tasted off) and pork loin.  Very little actual red meat came to the table.The bill was $380.41 and the table probably had maybe a pound of meat (including all the chicken), if that and we all left VERY unhappy and will NEVER go back.This was the worst example of a Brazilian Steakhouse I have ever seen and hope they close so that people who don't know the difference do not leave thinking that is what Brazilian Steakhouses are like. My suggestion, go to Fogo de Chao and pay a little more for top rated food and service.
2	My wife and I tried Brazilian Bull tonight since it was around the corner from our home. We have been to another well known Brazilian steak house in Phoenix. The Good:The wait staff was very friendly, the service was excellent. The guys delivering meats were great about getting the meats out to us in a timely manner. No complaints at all with the staffing.The bad:The Salad bar is not even close to what the other competitor is offering. The meats were just ok, nothing to write home about. Several of the meats were overly tough. It seem like that are not using the top grade of beef.  The sides were just ok, again nothing spectacular. Overall I feel the staff is great but the food selections need help. A dinner for two that cost $90 should be spectacular and have a good wow factor. Brazilian Bull is just not there yet. With a little tweaking they should be a great place. I would spend a little extra and go to Fogo De Chao.
1	I have to agree with the majority of what Richard R. wrote because it is almost dead on. The Good:Not very busy (but I can see why). Had no problem finding a table. The bus staff is very fast but basically they have nothing to do but help our one table.The Bad:So here is the problem as easy as I can explain it. First, the salad bar is only a couple items, mostly not stocked well and of extremely little variety or quality. The issue is they give you a couple options. One is to have JUST the salad bar (that disaster stated above) for $25 a head. There was a VERY SMALL fish thing on the buffet but otherwise pretty much it. If you pay a couple bucks more, you get the meat and some sides but no buffet. That is the worse pricing policy imaginable. Who would charge $25 for what amounts to no better than a salad bar you would find at some truck stop. I can see what is happening. It appears this place must be going thru some hard times because the owners are putting out the cheapest food possible for the highest price possible in hopes to keep the business aloat by the poor souls that attempt to try out this place. My advice? Just close it or fix it but don't let it have a sad death. OH yah, I noticed that the customer service rep said on Richard's comment that for $25 you can have meats only. That was NOT the case with us. They charged $25 for JUST THE SALAD BAR. I asked beforehand if the salad bar had any meats on it and they said fish and chicken. So I took them on on it. Turns out, there was no chicken and there was a spoonfull of fish. EITHER the staff overcharged us and did not do what the owner intended OR he lied to Richard.
1	I just had a very over priced dinner for 3/4 of fatty beef and mediocre chicken. The server didn't even introduce herself,  and yanked the menu from my hands while checking out their meats.  The salad bar was limited to 15 minutes, and once it was shut down, the restaurant employee tasked with setting it back up,  did so without a hair net and barely changed anything. Completely unsanitary,  needless to say that I will not be going back.
3	A solid 3 stars.  Service was very good.  They have a salad bar with a nice variety of side items, both hot and cold.  Having been here twice the issue is that some of the meats are over cooked and on the dry side.  Worth a try but go when it is busy and maybe the meat will all be moist.
3	I like this place.  Their meats are pretty solid.  The sirloin and prime rib are done well.  The pork ribs were a bit dry and lacked flavor. My friends loved the ham and bacon wrapped turkey.  Salad bar is good also.  They do a decent job of representing a typical meal of this type on Brazil which I have had. Be hungry though so you get the best bang for your buck.
3	We did a professional party here. Was not thrilled with the quality of the food or the service. However, they did merit a 3 star rating.1) Service- Absolutely average. Nothing bad, nothing good. They did their job. Brought drinks, were polite, and mildly attentive. A few times, they did not do a good job managing and our table felt under-served.2) Food- The salad bar options were good. The meat was solid. Somewhat fresh and spiced, but not extraordinary. The turkey seemed cheap. Portions were really small. Felt like I was in the third world. I have never left a Brazilian restaurant feeling hungry.  My male coworkers generally agreed.3) Desserts- Absolutely the worst Tiramisu I have ever had. And I've had a lot of tiramisu. I've had amazing homemade tiramisu in Italy, European tiramisu in the US, and buffet tiramisu in Vegas. I only had one bite of my favorite cake before pushing my plate away.Overall, mediocre, but not totally disappointing.
1	Interesting to see that the majority of experiences here on Yelp echo my own.  We tried this place 3 times and the 3rd time was the last.  Our experience with the food was OK, but the service was really pretty ridiculous.  The folks who served us and cut the meats kind of gave us the impression that we were creating a nuisance for them just for the simple fact that we were there.  I hadn't written a review before because I really wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt, but now that I read the other opinions here on Yelp I thought I'd finally add my 2 cents.  Save your money and to to Fogo de Chao.  Really.  You won't be disappointed there.  You will be here.
4	I read all the bad reviews and I almost suggested we go somewhere else.  I am glad we went to Brazilian Bull.  The meat was good!  Let's face it, the meat is why you go.  The salad bar was alright....I would skip it next time, they brought beans and rice to the table.  I have been to Fogo a couple of times and it is amazing but the check was pretty amazing too.  I will go to Brazilian Bull again.
1	My mother and I just had dinner at the Brazilian Bull and the service was down right racist and disrespectful. Especially the owner. I will never eat at this establishment again and will tell everyone I know to avoid this place!
1	Tried to go there last night and they were closed.  Sign on the door said they had been evicted.
1	A few weeks ago we made reservation for New Year's Eve.  Recieved a e-mail confirmation but when we arrived ......  THEY WERE CLOSED.  Whith no notice and a hand written note on the door.
1	This place is now closed. ..didn't pay their rent and now have a permanently closed notice on the doors. ..
1	I was going to give them two stars instead of one because it's not their fault I don't eat pork, and for all I know the pork is inexplicably to die for despite the many shortcomings of their other offerings. My dining partner assures me not, so a sad, single, solitary star it is. It was such a crap experience all around that I made notes upon exiting the restaurant so I would be sure to adequately warn people away from this place.We went at a weird time, around 2:30 in the afternoon, but if you're going to be open, you don't get to act put upon when someone comes in. There were three other occupied tables. Every single employee, from the hostess to the servers, had "I don't want to be here" written all over their faces. The salad bar/hot food buffet was good, but we'd barely had a chance to dig in when the hostess came over and told us that if we wanted anything else from there we'd have to get it NOW, because they were switching over to dinner service. That seems like the kind of thing you'd tell a customer when they first walk in the door, especially a customer who informed you, when you asked, that she'd never been to your restaurant before. I ordered iced tea. It was warm, over a small amount of ice. The hostess told me she'd be right back with sweetener, then I never saw her again. The guys who came around with the meat seemed to think it their her job and none of them would bring any.Speaking of the meat, it tasted like it was cooked, for far too long by the way, in prepackaged taco seasoning. All of it.Petty complaint but as long as I'm on a roll, the busser asked for our help clearing the table. Not just "Would you mind handing me that plate?" which is fine with me in a casual environment, but "Would you stack that on top of that and hand me that? Thanks. Now the silverware..."So after the aborted salad bar and the crappy, dried out meat and the surley waitstaff and the plate stacking (not to mention the pointlessly loud music), we asked for our check and waited - I timed it - 10 minutes. In a restaurant that now had only three occupied tables. Once our bill was retrieved, we waited another five minutes to get our receipt back. I'm not a jerk, at least I don't think I am, so I don't punish bad service by withholding tips, but this is one of the very rare times that I wanted to. Instead I left my minimum 20%, made a mental note to never eat there again, and jotted down the aforementioned notes. In conclusion, if you're considering eating at Brazilian Bull, save your time and money. Go to the grocery store, buy a packet of chalky taco seasoning, apply it liberally to an inexpensive cut of beef or chicken, then stick it in the oven on too high a temperature for too many minutes.
