4	Having frequented Trader Joe's on the west coast, I was elated when a TJ's opened in Madison.  Trader Joes is great for wine, cheese, eggs, dairy, meats and fish, juices, and many other basics, with an eclectic variety of specialty foods, most of which is sold under the Trader Joe's label.Some of the packaged and frozen items can be hit or miss, and you probably wouldn't want to do all your shopping at TJ's, but it's a great alternative to your standard supermarket and has more reasonable prices than Whole Foods (aka "Whole Paycheck").  Staff can be good sources for recommendations, and there's usually a free sample booth for featured products.  Just be careful--it's all too easy to go in for just a few things and walk out with a lot more!
4	You know what.  There's a REASON why three buck chuck costs $3 (and I'm PISSED that it's $3 and not $2 like everywhere else in the country).But if you're drinking a $3 wine, do you HONESTLY expect it to taste good?  DO YOU? It's actually not *that* bad.  I take that back.  It is.  Unless you, say, use it for a sangria, and mix it with fruit, brandy, cognac, and THEN we're talking (it acts more like a carrier than anything).But I LOVE TJ's, love their cheeses, love their brand, their fruit selection could be bigger, LOVE the location (it's less than a mile from me, so I walk), and love having more excuses to go to Monroe...I'd say TJ's is the BEST neighbourhood grocer.  PSA.  Parking is in the bottom, entry by Spooner.  Not perpendicular to Ancora, they charge.  Boo on them.
3	trader joe's is pretty good for basics.  however, i've purchased some things there -- bread and yogurt -- that within a couple of days were covered in mold. and twice, i bought fruit yogurt that didn't actually have any fruit in it. (it was just plain white yogurt.)the upside is that they seem willing to refund for bad products. the downside is the hassle involved in finding mold on your food two days after you buy it and having to go back to the store.
5	Fun, neat and friendly grocer with deals and delicious foods available. Madison's best bet for an inexpensive alternative to Copps and Woodman's. It is conveniently located and won't burn a whole in your pocket like many of the over-pricey and inconsistent co-ops. We have frequented this grocer for more than a month and have always found satisfaction.
5	Thank you Trader Joe's for coming to Madison. After I left CA and came to Madison, this is one thing I missed so much. I don't know how graduate students survive without Trader Joe's.I realized that the major product distribution center is different for CA and WI store. It didn't come as a surprise, but the variety and the quality of the products (especially diary products) are quite different. One huge disappointment is the pizza dough. I used to love the ones(wheat, plain, and garlic) sold at CA stores so much, but the WI one that comes from MA lacks in flavor and the texture is not right. The selection of milk, butter, and yogurt are somewhat limited, too. But I still think that they deserve 5 stars for providing convenient grocery option at affordable price. Also, on Tuesday 5-7, the food sample counter turns into a wine sampling counter. It's free, and they provide cheese sample to snack with the wine. Though the wine selection at the Madison TJs is not excellent, but once in a while you find a decent bottle at a bargain price.
4	A good experience.  I love the spirit each time I visit.  They provide plenty of healthy options.  Read the labels.  Pricing is very fair.  Everything from regular groceries to your wine and cheese gatherings.  Charles Shaw wine is available along with a fine seletion of other labels and price points.  I have always had a pleasant experience at the checkout.  Everybody is friendly, talkative and willing to help.
4	For someone who lives in a studio and can only cook in the microwave, on the George Foreman and well...that's basically it, Trader Joe's has been a life saver.  A great experience every time I go.  No matter what day or time, there seems to always be something new to sample.  Chunky brownie pieces sprinkled with sea salt? Would have never thought to try, but ended up buying a whole packet.  Frozen meal section is wonderful--love the crab cake cakes and already seasoned and stuffed fish fillets.  Very reasonable prices for my student budget and I've noticed that I've been slimming down as well.  Good bye Senior 30!
3	Trader Joe's is my steady dealer that gives me a straight shot of Kashi when I need it most.  So, how is it that Kashi costs 33 cents more in Madison, Wisconsin than it does in San Francisco, California?  Bah-humbug.Overall, this t-joes is like most other t-joes.  Quality stuff at ok-prices if you have trial-and-error patience ... though you'll be lucky if its still in product-rotation the next time you return.  Yes-yes's include pizza dough, greek yogurt, walnuts, dried montmorency cherries, unsulfured-oh-ya apricots, hummus, valrhona chocolate, frozen green beans, moochi ice cream, stone ground crackers, bubbily waters, and macaroons.  No-no's include produce, OJ, chips, TJ brand chocolates, cheeses, wine, most of their overpriced frozen dinners.
4	Fun place to visit now and then, but not where I choose to do my main shopping. They have a great selection of food that isn't run of the mill, for a decent price. Clean, organized, and easy to navigate...unlike some stores.I also love the fact that I can park in the garage, cause Monroe is a bugger to find parking, sometimes!My faves include the curry chicken tenders, pretzel rolls, pistachio meats, and dried pears.
4	I always have had a great experience at TJ's  The staff really go out of their way to help you and keep you wanting to come back. I highly recommend this store. For fruits and veggies I go to another, but I still shop at TJ's once a week.  I am a fan!
4	I am so glad Madison has a Trader Joe's. I stop there every Friday on my way home from work to pick up some goodies. They offer food that is healthy and affordable. I love their cheese selection, their Bavarian Hefeweizen, Dolmas and Plaintain Chips. Very friendly staff too.
5	I go here all the time. It's cheap. Interesting variety of food. Lots of cheap wine.The only thing is every once and a while you'll find some basic food item isn't even available here. I guess TJ's is sometimes a victim to its own uniqueness.
3	It was certainly about time that Madison got a Trader Joe's and it has become a staple of my grocery shopping.  I can only give it three stars, though, because it's only possible to go there for only very specific reasons.  My biggest complaint: EVERY PIECE OF PRODUCE IS WRAPPED IN PLASTIC.  Thank you very much, but I am perfectly capable of cutting my own broccoli.  And I actually don't mind if my asparagus is exposed to the air, it doesn't need to be in packaging.  And don't worry about it- if I want a green pepper, red pepper, and yellow pepper, I can find all three separately, they don't need to be wrapped together. Other than that, I have just realized that you can't go to Trader Joe's with your usual shopping list- you have to go there with a specific Trader Joe's shopping list.  They have some great simmer sauces and frozen dinner items (mmmm.....gorgonzola gnocci), but if you want staple cereals, crackers, or boxed items, you'll probably have to make a separate trip to a different place. But that's what Trader Joe's is for, I guess.  Stock up on the cheap, but delicious, Charles Shaw wine and grab a few things to compliment your cheaper and more environmentally-friendly shopping at other stores and you will be content.
4	Most of my family lives in California, where everyone simply buys everything at Joe's.  I only wish I lived closer to this one.  The prices are good, and it's good quality stuff.  Have I liked everything I've tried here?  No.  But the worst loser of a product won't set you back much here, and once you know what you like it's usually there.The only thing I don't care for is the amount of packaging, especially on the produce.  It's mostly not even recyclable here.  Okay, also there have been some not-quite-fresh bakery items.Other than that, wonderful.  The people who work here seem genuinely enthusiastic, which makes this a pleasant place to shop.
4	Trader Joe's is my go-to grocery store in Madison. While they don't have the inventory of a large grocery store, they have all your standards and some pretty good frozen food.Some of my trusty TJ's standards are the pork pot stickers, penne arrabiata, madras lentis, cheese and 2 Buck Chuck. I love that they always have samples, too. I love everyone who works at Trader Joe's, especially the men. Most of the guys who work there are very cute and very friendly. I'm starting to think that they're paid to flirt with their customers which is fine by me.
5	I no longer live in Madison (*sad*), and their are a ton of things I miss about that place (the terrace, Genna's, my roommates, Saturday morning tailgating, the smell of Madison in the fall, etc.) and surprisingly one of the things I miss the most is Trader Joe's. Once every weekend I would walk from my Randall residence down Monroe street to my favorite grocery store!!! It was always nice that even though I was on a pretty tight student budget, I could still indulge my self in all of Trader Joe's wonders: organic soaps and shampoos, daffodils, their famous two buck chuck, spicy salsas, my favorite vodka sauce, fair trade coffee, hot chocolate, and delish teas. Also, I don't know any other grocery store that will give you a free sample of bacon wrapped scallop's!!!! To top it off, everyone who works here is so friendly, and, seems to really enjoy working here, AND always seem really happy to see me bring in my re-usable grocery bags :). Oh Trader Joe's... I miss you so. I can't wait til I live by you again :)
5	When we first heard rumors it might be coming to town, we'd email the TJ's mother ship and they'd deny everything, but eventually it landed, and our quality of life has decidedly improved. Everything there tastes so good, we're pretty sure it's laced with crack. Lots of organic goods, often at lower prices then conventional fare at grocery stores. Amazing selection of great tasting, relatively healthy convenience food (already cooked balsamic chicken breast or BBQ pork, chopped squash ready for stir fry, fried rice & chicken that takes 3 minutes to prepare). Produce can be pretty shoddy, but nice to have available. Tons of yummy snacks, often made with real sugar instead of corn syrup. Great greek yogurt at great prices. Staff is incurably friendly and helpful and hard-working and laid back at the same time.
5	I love TJs!!! It is in walking distance to my apartment, and I am a poor college grad paying off her student loans, who probably should shop somewhere more affordable, but the quality of the food I buy usually exceeds my expectations, and it ruins other grocery stores for me.Just a few of the awesome TJ items I am obsessed with:-Berry and Yogurt cereal- 4 types of berries!-Roasted Garlic pasta sauce- puts other pasta sauces to shame, tastes super garlic-y but not in the stinky breath kind of way-Chicken Tikka Masala frozen dinner- I love to cook so I don't do frozen dinners too often, but this one is sooo good.  Just as tasty as an indian restaurant, much smaller portions :)- Naan- to go with my Tikka Masala of course! The employees are really nice and it's also cute how much kids love going here.  It seems like every time I'm in the store a kid is looking for monkey or whatever it is they hide for the kids to find.  Even everyday items like the pasta, the tea, taste better than what I buy at an average grocery store.  How do they do it???!
4	Does anyone not like TJ's?  Everything is reasonably priced, nice selection of organic products, free samples, inexpensive flowers and herbs, freindly/helpful/knowledgeable staff, decent wine selection, good cheese selection, excellent frozen meals and entrees.I only wish they wouldn't discontinue their products.  Every now and then I go in and find that one of my favorites is no longer available :(
4	Great prices and ridiculously friendly staff. My favorite things there are: mini whole-wheat pita, free samples, garlic hummus, kettle corn popcorn (pink bag), frozen fettuccine alfredo and charles shaw wine! ($3 and super tasty!) Least favorite things: chaotic parking lot (the top lot is metered and underground parking is free but cramped, usually bike there though so don't have to deal with this), the packaging on the produce- so wasteful. The prices are great for the quality of food, I don't do all my shopping there but there are items that I come just to TJ's to get.
3	Trader Joe's is what chain grocery stores like Pick'n Save (or anything under the Roundy's umbrella including Copp's and Rainbow), Piggly-Wiggly, Cub Foods, etc. should aspire to be like in terms of service and product.That said, the one in Madison is especially clean and very tidy--things are pretty well organized that you can find what you're looking for by just looking around at the area of food it would be under. The prices are on the higher side of being affordable, but understandable as they attempt to make them a little more beneficial and "healthier" to some extent (not always true, but they try in a lot of cases.)Here are some of my favorite products I'd recommend trying: Korean Short Ribs, Dark Chocolate Mint Creams, Sweet Potato Fries, Chili Pepper Sauce (not as spicy, but has a great flavor), and many of their meat cuts are pretty great too.I'd avoid: the breads are only so-so, Sweet and Sour Chicken, TJ's soy sauce (you can get better and cheaper elsewhere), and milk (if you're getting Kemp's this is, again, cheaper elsewhere).TJ's is great, but if I had a choice, I'd prefer Whole Foods at a cheaper price. Regardless, this is still a solid store and I go here when I'm particularly craving some good meals I can stick in the oven while I do homework.
1	I do not love Trader Joe's. In fact, I strongly dislike it. It gives the appearance of being a neighborhood grocery, but it isn't. It's a specialty store selling lots of esoteric products mostly suitable for parties or for fancy-seeming but essentially warmed-up, packaged meals. Everything comes from California, even (this is Wisconsin!) the cheese. Need to pick up some basic grocery item on your way home from work? Some brussels sprouts? A jar of horseradish? Fish sauce for your stir-fry? A few sweet potatoes?  Don't bother. Whatever you need, it won't be there. It's simply not a grocery. It's a foodstore-like place specializing in fairly inexpensive little luxuries and faux little luxuries. Yes the staff is friendly, but even the friendliness seems oppressive after your third or fourth time in there looking in vain for something an actual grocery store would carry. I know that many people love Trader Joe's and I'm in the minority, but to me it's just such an irritating spot. Yes, I've stopped bothering to go there.
5	I love shopping at Trader Joe's for the great prices and quality, clean stores and friendly staff. The Madison location is really nice. I shop here on Sundays which is when everyone else in town does their shopping, so sometimes they are out of certain items and the aisles are packed, but the prices are great and the employees are really nice and helpful. I always leave the store with something fun and new to try, and their wine selection and prices are great.There is a parking garage which is usually 90% full of bad drivers, and this location offers mostly pre-packaged fruit and veggies which is kind of annoying when you're shopping for one, but other than that, this store is great!
4	Love it! I always find at least a few new things to try, parking is somewhat of a challenge, however.
4	Tea beer cheese & chocolate.  HeavenI love the selection of store brand snacks, treats, and beer.  It's always an experience shopping here with great people watching.  Can be really crowded and cramped, especially at the check outs.
3	I don't buy into the trader joes hype to the level that many do.  I acknowledge they have a unique experience and interesting food options,  this particular location is difficult to shop because it is very small and difficult to get to by car.  Parking is a nightmare, especially on the weekends.  The only thing that gets me in the door is their $3 Charles shaw wines which do live up to their name.
5	My goodness, I have missed you.  We headed to Madison for our 1st anniversary and since we booked the hotel I was trying to get my hands on a large cooler so I could stock up on my loved and very missed items at Trader Joe's.  Thank you husbands coworker for the mighty fine cooler you provided!  This is a particularly nice and well stocked Trader Joe's!  The parking, as everyone claims, truly is a bit of a pain in the ass - oh well, parking at the one I frequented in Chicago was a bigger pain in the ass.   The staff here is just as nice as any other TJ's, maybe a little nicer.  I was surprised by how well stocked everything was considering how busy it was and that it was a Sunday morning.   We walked out of here with $180 worth of deliciousness and we have now decided to purchase a deep freezer - well, we've been wanting to for quite some time, but this little trip and 1st time trip for my husband really helped seal the deal I think - and make a trip from good ol' Wausau every other month or so.  My god I've missed this place.
2	Okay I get it. Trader Joe's has some prepackaged stuff that seems like the gods sent it. But really. This IS the place to get food for your cocktail party.This ISN'T the place to buy all your groceries.If you shop here (and other places) long enough, you'll notice that some of the stuff is VERY inexpensive and reasonably priced while other stuff is enourmously out-of-control pricey. And then you'll know your way around.Cheap:cheesebeervodka/liquorolive oilpeanut buttercooler/lunchbagExpensive:pastapre-made foodsmoothiesproduce (prewrapped/cut)??? Also: they don't know what beets are. If that bothers you, then don't come here.
4	Trader Joes has great ideas at a fair price for groceries, especially for young people shopping for themselves. So many unique healthy frozen options! The staff is always smiling and generally enthusiastic about their employment. The only downfall is elbowing through hoards of people to pick up the essentials. Seriously, does anyone know when this store is not busy?
3	I am not really a huge fan of trader joe's. It has got some nice food and some interesting options, but it seems a little superfluous in terms of "gourmet," "fresh," and "organic." I like a lot of the food, but there are a lot of options also that just don't live up to the expectations. If you are going to be cooking for yourself, you don't need to come to trader joes. If you want to switch it up a little bit, than yeah, trader joes is a good place to browse.
4	This Trader Joe's in particular is one of my favorites. It's never too crowded except around the holidays, I've never had to wait in line for more than 1 minute (someone always comes around to pull me over), all the cashiers are extra friendly, and the samples in the back keep my belly warm. WARNING THE PARKING will drive you crazy. Come at an odd hour to avoid the extremely stressful experience that is parking here. It's cramped, the spaces were made with ant-sized cars in mind, and you'll often have to wait for a spot by loitering in the middle of the whole lot and blocking people. Coming even a little later in the night will save you the hassle.Trader Joe's in general: Why must you package all your vegetables? Why do your herbs only come in small, plastic-wrapped bunches? My favorites: a bag of four avocados for ~$2.50. Two salmon filets for ~$10.00. $3 wine, "healthy" (I'm not really sure, but the ingredients definitely read a little better) frozen food.
3	Shopping here makes me long for my Trader Joes back in Tucson at River and Campbell. There are four in Tucson and only one had killer produce. I don't have another choice here, and so I go. Too often though I'm met with wilted greens and beans that have seen better days. It's not a "past its prime" sort of thing... it's a "the produce just isn't as good as I'd like" sort of thing. I dig the layout, there is an abundance of staff, but if I'm being completely honest, nobody says hello, asks if you need help finding anything or is quick to make a tasty suggestion... the reasons I don't mind spending $5 on a bag of salad. I'll still go because there are things I can't get anywhere else (love the laundry detergent and price of organic taters) but it'll never be a place I do all my shopping unless the greens get better.
4	As a poor college student I truly value a place that allows me to stock up on produce and reasonably priced red wine for under twenty dollars. I never had to wait more than 5 minutes to check out, even when I wouldn't mind waiting there's always someone who is ready to get you out. Though I might not grocery shop here regularly since they don't provide a lot of other items that other grocery stores offer but what they do offer makes me look forward to shopping here.
5	Fantastic store full of inexpensive, quality food and drink. The layout is easy to navigate and find all the essentials.Love the array of frozen seafood and veggies. The coffee selection is great [don't forget to grind it yourself] and I love the green juice [!!!].As always, the staff is super attentive and helpful.Love the covered parking lot (although I could do without the meter)
4	My husband goes out of town quite a bit. So when he's gone, guess where I go to shop till I drop?! TJ's, duh! Not enough of a selection for a family, but perf for a one person.Some of my favorite items to get are the frozen, prepared products for when I have only a nano second to eat lunch and I don't want to feel gross by heating up a lean cuisine or something icky. The pot stickers are bombski and super legit. Other favorites: candied ginger (you nail your sweet tooth and still kind of healthy)-wine (3 buck chuck for those who can't tell the difference between expensive wine and cheap wine *raises hand*)-Puffins cereal (gluten free, flavor-fullllllll)-Dairy! Something way better in Madison than back in Michigan. This dairy selection is dope. I could spend my whole week's budget on awesome cheese picksParking is tuff stuff, but I deal with it. Every employee has been really helpful when I asked for help.  Loves it here!
4	Orange Chicken, Guacamole, Three Buck Chuck, Frozen Brown Rice, Naan, Frozen Indian Dinners, Consume, Return, Repeat. I love this place so much. Just go there and eat all the things. You will be happy you did.
5	We love this place. We can get the best alcohol-free wine: the white sparkling chardonnay with a very reasonable price. The people are nice and helpful. They also have the best lentil chips! Only in TJ's!
3	Trader Joe's is cheap!  However, you get what you pay for in some cases.  For fresh fruits and vegetables you are better off going to Willy Street Co-op (I joined after a few weeks of going to TJ's for all my grocery needs...I'd rather pay a little bit more for fresh ingredients).  Case in point: their bagged tuscan kale.  Sure, it says organic, but what you get is mostly the hard-to-eat kale stems.  In fact, the stems are pretty much inedible (in my opinion) unless you pickle them!  Do yourself a favor and just stock up on the cheap wine and pre-made frozen foods at TJ's.  Don't bother with the cheap TJ's beer (like nametag) though unless you like brown, carbonated water...instead buy boxes and boxes of chocolate hazelnut cookies to go with the wine!One final note: my dog really loves the organic chicken and brown rice treats.  They're pretty cheap at three bucks a pop, which beats major pet stores any day.  Also, the sponges they carry are pretty rad (try cutting them in half before you wet them to make them last longer!), which consequently go really well with the lemon hand soap they sell in the same aisle.
4	It's hard for me to be objective about this place because my favorite thing about it is that it reminds me so much of home.  With that said, I think we can all pretty much agree that this is  not and will hever be the kind of place where you will do all your shopping.  It will however be the type of place where you go for things that you can only get a Trader Joe's.  Things like Orangina, and pretty kickass one person dinners.  The help here is definitely not as attentive as they are in other places but that doesn't take aware from my love of this place.One more thing that I love about this place is that even though it is a small little thing I have seriously somehow managed to spend over an hour in it, on several occasions.  This place will always be one of my faves!  They are always adding new things so it makes shopping here almost like an adventure. Did I mention that they also have samples.  Not Costco status by any means but a little something to snack on it always popping in the back.  Trades Joe's, keep doing what your doing!
1	No, I won't be shopping there for a while. They refuse to talk to Consumers Union about offering meat without antibiotics. Me thinks not. I get enough antibiotics from the pharmacy. I thought TJ's was a little better than that. Oh well.
2	All are Trader Joe's cut from the same cloth?I almost got into an all out brawl with a staffer who tried (hard I might add) to convince me they've never sold lavender laundry detergent. Look, I'm just a guy, a guy who likes lavender, and they sold detergent in two different sizes for years. I've bought it. I didn't see, and because I know things sometimes come and go, I asked about it, and I was met with such resistance and hostility... seemed very out of place for TJs. Not certain if it was just a rough day for them or if I was putting out something that just wasn't being picked up. I'll head back there. They do have decent pricing on non-perishables, but the awkward run in with someone who looked like she was in a managerial role will keep my visits minimal at best.
5	Love, love, love!   Wish the parking was better, but always love the variety and prices.  Bought some frozen chicken tamales that were sooooo good!  Always enjoy the sesame rice crackers...did NOT enjoy the roasted seaweed snack.
4	Ode to Trader Joe's,I've loved to visit your shop,to give my pantry and cooking a pop!Some basics you've had for years,And now you even have wine and good beers.Black Olive tapenade and Flax Seed Chips are my faves,Pick up my top ten, I can throw a party and still save.Keep up the good work, hawaiian shirts and local foods,And you'll stay in my heart, wallet and never be boo'ed.Love,Me, Loyal customer for over 15 years.
2	Is it just that I've drawn the short straw on locations, or is pain-in-the-ass parking part of Trader Joe's marketing schtick? I don't even have to be going to TJ's for it to make me angry. People dropping passengers off at the main door, just off Monroe, often backs up traffic on this major city street. If you do pull in, you wait for the drop-off driver, you wait for someone to pull out of a narrow spot, you get dirty looks for waiting while they back out, pull back in, back up, pull forward, straighten their car, yada yada yada. Parking. Such a to-do. It's the same way at the Minneapolis and St. Paul locations. It might all be worth it if there were enough things inside to make you want to go through the hassle. But the produce is average at best. The meats? Fresh? Frozen? Forget it. The packaged baked goods? Not bad but not great for you. So, what makes it worth the hassle? I like their sparkling lemonades. The staff is usually friendly. Other customers seem happy to be in the store if not the parking ramp. Finally, there is enough variety that coming here is an adventure. I usually find a new item or two take home and try. The fact that they keep me sharp and trying new products means that every now and then, I'll suck it up and pull in.
4	I am a little in love with Trader Joes in general, but the Madison location is especially great. I work very nearby and stop in several times a week for midday snacks in addition to my standard grocery run. Per all TJs, the prices are great--this is NOT whole foods! Most items, like milk and eggs, are cheaper than at the supermarket. The meat selection isn't the greatest, but for every other food item, TJs is my go-to.As for this particular location, it's nicely sized and always clean and organized. The employees are all extremely friendly and helpful. The only downside is that the parking is TERRIBLE. Since I work nearby I usually just walk, but the few times I have tried to navigate the underground parking lot have been disastrous. There are many huge concrete poles and no loop, so you have to back out and turn around--especially dangerous if you come in, realise there are no spaces, and have to leave. Really, it's worth finding 2 hr street parking and walking--the lot is free, but it's a real nightmare. Serious design flaws.
2	The prices are great and they do seem to have decent quality products. But there are better grocery options in Madison. Like the Willy Street Co-op, Jennifer Street Market, Hy-Vee and Metcalfe's.Trader Joe's is simply not worth traveling across town for. You can get better quality stuff elsewhere, and (good) cheap wine can be found at pretty much every grocery store. The Madison Trader Joe's is very small and always overcrowded with college kids. The parking is a cramped nightmare. It's just not ideal, unless you live nearby. When I was there last night it was a zoo, and it took way too much time to buy just a few items.
3	Trader Joe's is fun to visit occasionally, but not for regular grocery shopping.Things I like about Trader Joe's include:-bright and fun atmosphere -they have little shopping carts for kids-good prices on oils (especially coconut and olive)-2 Buck Chuck-Nice (and affordable) selection of cheeses-Lemon turnoversDespite this, I think Trader Joe's is very overrated because:-Poor selection of "basics"; what I mean is that if I have a recipe in hand and go to Trader Joe's, it is likely that I will not be able to find every ingredient-too much pre-packaged and heavily processed foods-it's small and hard to navigate when crowded-produce is sometimes of questionable quality-I don't love their cerealsAll-in-all, Trader Joe's is ok, but there are better places to go.
5	I absolutely love Trader Joe's. We just moved here from out of state and one of the first things I did was visit TJs. This particular location is interesting because it has underground parking (due to its location, I'm sure). The parking is a little tight, but it will be really handy in the winter when there's snow everywhere. I'm hoping for an east side location, and the cashier said it might be a little while before that happens, but if sales are good, there's more of a chance. So please, shop at TJs so I can get an east side one! If you're not familiar with Trader Joe's, they sell mostly their own products. Nothing has artificial ingredients, and they stock a lot of organics. However, it's reasonably priced because of the way they buy (which also means they may not stock your favorite thing the next time you go in there). Before I had shopped at a TJs, I thought it would be way overpriced like W.F. Really, it's not. So, you simply can't expect to go into one and find every thing on your list. It just doesn't work that way. If I am working from a recipe, I might find 70% of the products there. But I usually check there first and you get to know what they have and don't have as far as habitual purchases go.East side! East side! East side!
5	Employee's might be the happiest people on earth.  While I have my personal favorites, I love the staff recommendations posted regarding new items.  Floral selection is amazing.  Grab a bouquet, some sweets & a bottle of wine and you'll be the most appreciated guest ever for a house warming party for less than $20.
3	I hate, hate, hate the parking garage. I like the location and the atmosphere. Trader Joe's has some good products, but usually I just find them over priced. I love the samples here. They're always fantastic and I always end up getting something. The staff is very friendly as well!
4	I've learned the hard way not to buy my produce at TJ's, but I must say that the quality of produce at this particular TJ's is much better than that of the TJ's that I frequent when I'm at school in NY. There is also a much larger selection of fruits than I am used to. This came as a huge surprise to me, but it was a very pleasant surprise! :)Regardless, I rarely buy any produce at TJ's. With TJ's, it is all about their frozen foods, canned items, and snacks (oh yes, the snacks!!). I love that I can find all the same goodies that I am accustomed to, even if I am miles and miles away from home. The only huge difference that I've noticed is that the beer selection here in the Midwest TJ's is much more expansive than that in CA or NY. Not that I am complaining...It also helps that most TJ's are organized in the same way. It makes it easy to get in, get out, and get on my way!Tip: I only recently discovered this, but there is a FREE designated TJ's underground parking lot that you can access from the side street!! Happy shopping!
4	This is not your typical healthy eating store.  They have created a unique set of grocery selections that to my mind will appeal to a modern lifestyle.   If someone is health conscious they carry products that align with a variety of healthy eating philosophies.  But they also cater to people who want value added frozen foods and carry a large selection of what look like delicious prepared dinners.On top of this they carry a good selection of delicious chocolate bars and cookies.  And they are all at terrific prices.   The cookie aisle at my regular grocery is all national brands, overpriced and of awful flavor.  But TJs cookies are the bomb.  They taste great and the price is right.They carry a large selection of floral bouquets that are inexpensive.  I would just go here for the flowers.They had lower prices on a number of items that I usually buy at my local grocery.They are unfortunately situated in a crowded part of Monroe street and the parking garage is rather dark and cramped.  Still it makes parking convenient as you just go up the elevator and you are right there.  I think it is great for the neighborhood to have this nice store there.The staff has always been pleasant and helpful here. The cheese department is a bit small for my tastes.Overall the positives of this store keep bringing me back and it gets my recommendation for anyone who wants to supplement their grocery shopping with some unique additions for a great price.
4	Cheap wine.  Booya!  I came from WA where it was dubbed 3-buck Chuck and was actually $3.99 but here, it is actually $2.99!!  Yessssss, solid win for Wisconsin here.I do have to say, I have to mentally prepare myself for parking.  You can either pay for the small lot right by TJ's or fight out a spot in the lot below where every turn makes your wheels squeal and the spots are for cars you could probably throw because they are so small.After you make it through parking, usually you have to fight the mob of people.  This location is small.  I kind of enjoy my grocery shopping experience and take in what the store has to offer but everyone here is bustling and I feel like I am always in someone's way.  But...it's Trader Joes.  They have some fun food.  Their juices are awesome.  Beer selection is pretty legit.  Produce is on par.  I love their chocolate covered coffee beans.  Yeah, I walk through and do find great items to snack on but they also have great options for actual meals.I have never had an issue with the staff.  I have also never really asked them any questions or needed help.
4	Always amazed at the great prices for organic etc. I love the size of this store and having limited choices that are all pretty decent.
1	I absolutely love this store. The employees are ALWAYS friendly and so helpful. Not to mention, Trader Joes has some of thee best groceries anyone could buy. Everything is always fresh and neatly organized. I love the fresh flowers at the entrance when you walk in. Everything about Trader Joes on the INSIDE is amazing.However, very few people I know like to pay for parking while they are grocery shopping. If you park in the upstairs ramp even for ten minutes and run in to grab something quick without paying the meter, you will end up with a $25 parking ticket. SO RIDICULOUS. There is current construction within the Monroe Street area and it is like trying to find a needle in a haystack when it comes to parking. I understand that its a Trader Joes thing to not appeal to customers as some giant corporation or whatever, so they make their store parking lots micro sized, making any and all persons who try and find a spot have a panic attack all because they want to get some soy milk and bananas. There are two major issues here: The lots are WAY too small and the parking is too limited, AND they make you pay to park. I can imagine this is probably because of people parking there for extended periods of time that are not customers, but good god, people make it two hour parking so people have a chance to park freely and if they overstay their parking time, THEN ticket them. This whole situation just makes my blood boil. So, if you want great food and excellent service please support Trader Joes, but don't expect that you'll be free of paying for parking, getting a ticket, or having a small fit while trying to find a place to park.
3	I've visited Trader Joe's twice in the past two weeks. It has been my first two visits as well. I was excited to see that they carried things like coconut flour, ghee, and coconut creamer. I can probably get these things at larger super markets, but Trader Joe's is located right in downtown Madison. My other grocery store options include Madison Market and Capitol Center Market. Both of these places either don't carry these items, or they are priced towards the expensive end. Trader Joe's is not as expensive as I anticipated it to be. I can find some very reasonable prices for certain things. I will continue shopping at Trader Joe's for the things that I cannot get else where. Organic eggs, chicken, coconut milk/creamer will all be on my list. Beef, vegetables, and fish not so much on my list.
