3	Pros:*HUGE menu with everything... popcorn shrimp, calzones, wings, sandwiches, italian food.. it's a calorie laden junk food fest*prices are decent, $2.99 for 20 garlic balls.. yumCons:*delivery took an hour to Henderson*food is just *ok*. I liked the chicken caesar salad and garlic balls, but the fi didn't like the wings, and the calzone was soggy by the time it reached us. Verdict: I'd give them another try.. apparently they are open 24 hours, so that's pretty cool. Seems like a good place to order from if you want delivery from not your average pizza joint.
5	the pizza here is awesome.  i love it.  delivery does take a while (depending on the time you order) but it seems that the place is family owned and they come and deliver it to you.  can't comment on their other food, but the pizza is my favorite in henderson for delivery.  worth the wait.
5	The pizza is great thin crust pizza!  But as noted before, the delivery time varies.  They also have tons of other thing: pasta, hot sandwiches, etc.  I've only tried the pizza though.They also have this ridiculous 30 inch pizza.  We have ordered it a few times in an attempt (always happens during test weeks) to finish it, and we never can.  It is good though, and I promise I give it my best try!  hahah.  So overall, good pizza, worth trying.  Yum!
5	The pizza here is awesome!  The other food is pretty good too, but I'm not a fan of the french fries.  My family orders from Napoli's from time to time because it is so close to them, so I've tried a lot of stuff on the menu.The pizza is the best, so get that the first time you go.  If you're looking at the rest of the menu, I'd suggest the pastas, especially the tortellini.  The garlic breadsticks are delicious and buttery.  Their side salads are kind of lame, but the Caprese and Caesars are good.    I disagree that the people that work here are mean.  They are always very busy and in a hurry, so they aren't taking the time to smile and ask you how your day is going.  I'm not sure where they are from, but I think they are Eastern European; therefore, they act a little different.  I think Americans are used to the super-friendly attitude of people trying to get you to come back to their business.  But at Napoli's they are all business; it's very in-and-out and I personally like it that way.FYI, wait times are going to be longer if you don't live close to them...just because you are in Henderson doesn't mean it will be quick.  It can take 20 minutes just to drive from Napoli's to downtown Henderson, plus the cooking time.
5	The pizza here is amazing, you can order the 30" pizza when you are having a party and still have leftovers. The nice thing about this Bulk style pizza they serve is that you get quantity and quality, we ordered the greek which was amazing, green olives, feta cheese and chicken. most large party size pizzas we have ordered in the past have been dry or they get all chincy on the toppings, this is not the case here, You get exactly what you order and if i may say so myself, the leftovers are even better than the first day!
5	u guys write some funny reviews.lol.I love this place.The have sum very good pizza.Me n my ex use to order here every week.16" pepperoni, tereyaki wings(20)and and a order of fries.Always the same price 23.89.Not bad to feed a family.You also get a free 2-liter.As far as the service,lol,at times when i came in to order,they did seem like they hate life.But most of the time,they were cool.Think their from Europe or sumthin....but they make sum pretty good food.havent tried anything else on the menu,but i look forward to ordering that 30" pizza.You can get a 30" 1 topping w/half bucket of wings or fingers and a 2-liter for 42.99.i suggest this place if u like pizza. HOWEVER, CUGINO'S ITALIAN DELI IS STILL THE BEST
5	the size of a small african nation
3	I don't know when we first tried Napoli, but we kept going back due to their diverse menu of pizza and friend food, plus their location and hours. I will say first off, that do not ever, under any circumstances get delivery from Napoli. As other Yelpers mentioned, it takes FOREVER. We were able to do carry out most of the time because it was near our house. We dined in a couple of times, but it was always a bit awkward because the dining room is right next to the kitchen, there was always staff or family of staff in the dining room, and the TV's were blaring....it also occasional felt as if we were interrupting some Eastern European mob meeting of some sort. Anyway...the pizza was good. Always fresh, quality ingredients and a variety of ingredients. Our staple here was usually the pineapple, ham and onions, but it ranged. The pineapple was canned, but everything else was fresh on that particular pie. Napoli is a virtual fat kid paradise, because you can get sandwiches, fried chicken and a variety of other dishes here...they also had dessert, but we never tried any of that. Beyond the pizza, we would get salad and occasionally fries. They are open really late, which is also a plus.
5	I LOVE Napoli Pizza!!!!!! Especially now that they've moved down the street to the plaza with Jason's Deli. Tons of parking instead of that little alley you had to squeeze into before. The pizza is large and obviously made with quality ingredients. My favorite side is the spicy potatoes!!!! I'm drooling just thinking about them! Fairly inexpensive and you get a ton of food. We never get delivery so I can't comment on the delivery times. Their new restaurant is great looking with plenty of tables including an outdoor dining area that might be utilized when weather permits. Staff has always treated us well, in fact my boyfriend and I now rate smiles since we come in so often. Desserts are pretty good, not all are freshly made, but the chocolate torte was awesome and the baklava is too :)
2	I stopped in because I saw the Grand Opening sign at their new location.  This was my first visit to Napoli & I probably won't return considering that the pizza and lasagna were only average and pricepoints were a little high.
4	This pizza it's simply delicious!! Unfortunately, I wouldn't recommend eating in, since the tables rarely get cleaned up here. I was there one day, waiting for my take-out pizza to be ready. The waitress kept playing with the plates, cups, etc. and never picked them up from the tables. Instead, she looked at her cell phone and decided to take a break instead. The customer service does need to be improved here, since you never know how long your pizza will take to be ready. One has to keep asking them if the pie is ready and all of the sudden they see that your pie has been sitting on top of the oven for over 20 min. while you have been waiting for close to 40 min. for a pizza!  Customer service and sanitation of their tables needs to be improved, but the pizza is excellent!
4	I think this place has very good pizza along with their garlic balls! Prices are reasonable, but the wait is FOREVER! Their menu is huge from cheeseburgers to desserts, and there's something for everyone! I wish customer service would get better such as more friendly and quicker!
2	I really don't know how all those people up there are saying this food is amazing. It's garbage. The pizza is good if you're drunk and hungry and nobody else is delivering. I've ordered from them at like 1 in the morning because I really wanted pizza and decided they were the only ones open. Be that as it may, the food is lackluster at best. For those of you that are in love with it, try Verrazano's on Windmill next time and tell me what you think. Napoli blows. Like I said, the only reason to order from here is because it's super late and nobody else is delivering. And yeah, even then you have to wait 45 minutes to over an hour so have fun with that. p.s.- you may also find on occasion that the bottom of your pizza is burned or a little black. Again, garbage. This has happened to me more than once.
4	Pizza is pretty good! The staff is very nice, and good service.
1	Heard good things about Napoli, however our first experience was not good. The food took forever to come out...for just a Caesar salad and spaghetti. Blackened chicken Caesar was ok. Prices were high for their "lunch specials" and didn't even include bread. Spaghetti was horrible and served on a dirty plate. I would have gone across the street to Fazoli's next time.
4	We've ordered from these guys a couple of times now and I've been pretty satisfied with their pizzas. The crust has a nice texture, thin and crispy with enough backbone to hold up to their toppings. We had their vegetarian pizza last and I enjoyed it quite a bit, with lots of olives and cheese as well as a few other toppings sprinkled on. We also had a calzone, but I was less impressed with the end result of that one. It was largely dough and cheese with a few toppings, making it really heavy. It wasn't terribly greasy, but all the ricotta was very rich. Our delivery time was somewhere around 45 minutes to an hour, which isn't terrible considering the distance the delivery driver had to cover. For a medium pizza and medium calzone our total was around $35, so next time we'll probably upgrade to the next size up and just have the pizza. Their menu is pretty extensive, however, so there are plenty of side dishes, pastas and subs to choose from if you're not in the mood for pizza!
1	I ate here way back then and truly will never go back....for one, the last time I went there I ordered a cheese pizza with bacon(no problem) as I was sitting there waiting and watching everyone else get their orders and being served I started to wonder...what the hell is going on?45 minutes and the pizza wasnt even ready yet???I told the guy at the counter and I said forget it...he returned my money and I just left that place...I really don't have the time for idiots or 3 hour waits for a friggin pizza that i can truly make way better homemade than they ever can.its true.
1	We had ordered a delivery to our hotel the first night with no problems. The next night, however, was a different story. The girl on the phone had an unbelievably condescending, rude, nasty attitude. So rude, in fact, that I said "nevermind" and hung up. Never been tretaed this way. I don't ever write reviews, but there's a first time for everything :(
1	I ordered for delivery, they did not include cheese on my sandwich, the pizza was stone cold, but the worst part was how rude the worker was when I called.  I will never do business with them again even if they gave me everything for free, HORRIBLE
2	Great Pizza & Garlic knots.......horrible customer service! We go here quit often because the pizza is good and they have great specials, but if it's customer care you looking for.......you defiantly will not find it here! All and I mean all the staff is rude! If you walk in and there is a man at the counter they will not acknowledge you or take your order or nothing they will sit there and talk to each other like you don't exist until one of the young girls finally comes out to help you! Same thing on the phone on a busy night they can put you on hold till you get sick of it and just hang up! So if you want good cheap pizza and don't care about getting it w/o a smile or a thank you, this is your place!
5	I work for a local car dealership and we have a hard time figuring out what to eat for dinner every night.  Napoli has a $8 pizza for carry out that tends to feed about 3 people.  The pizza is good and the deserts are great.  Another great pizza place that is a great value for the locals.
5	Get the hotwings and garlic balls. If you like classic hotwings get mild sauce. The pizza is good as well. They have a pickup special a 16 inch pizza one topping for 8 bucks. But seriously, just get the wings and be happy.
4	I have always had good luck with these guys. They deliver until like 2:30 AM and generally have your food to you within the hour.  Pizza is always great.  Nice crust and cheese, and the toppings are of a decent quality.  Great sandwiches too, I love their Philly Steak.  You really can't go wrong.  Don't expect gourmet, but for how late they are open vs. quality of food, you really can't go wrong!  Been ordering from them for 3 years, and have no plans of stopping.
4	I'm not a big pizza guy, but this was pretty good...  I had the dine-in $5.99 lunch special which includes two extra large slices of pizza and a drink.  One of these slices and I was down for the count.  Seems like an ideal size lunch to share with your sweetheart.Unfortunately, I don't have one.
5	This is legitimately the best Pizza in Las Vegas and Henderson.  Their garlic balls and wings are also fantastic.  I order from these guys at least once a week.  They take quite a bit longer to deliver (1 hour) than most places, but it's always been worth it.
2	Ordered delivery, took about an hour. The person answering the phone wasn't to friendly and I almost hung up. Had the italian sausage and it seemed to salty and soggy. The wings I was very impressed with the size and taste for the honey bbq wasn't bad. Kids didn't like the pizza at all but we all agreed on the wings. Slice of pizza and 5 wings left me stuffed.
1	Funny, I am sitting here reading the reviews and one thing that is consistent is how rude the girl is! Well I truley concur with this statement. FIRE HER ALREADY!!! She has zero customer service skills, like really?Can I atleast get a smile. I had the gryo salad which SUCKED! Meat looked old, dressing was terrible, and I had to ask for tziki sauce, and then I was told I would be charged $$1.08 for it. I specifically asked for tziki when I ordered the salad, why didn't I get charged then!!? I ended up only eating 2 bites before I threw the salad in the trash. WASTE OF $8.00!!My friend got a burger and only ate half, she said the meat was so dry she couldn't finish it. They do have some good things here, but I will not be back due to the treatment and lack of customer service. The girl at the counter needs a serious attidude ajustment!! Your losing business over this rude broad!FIRE HER!!
3	Food: The Italian Pizza was very good. Full of garlic flavor. My only complaint was that the crust was a bit on the tough side. Not crunchy, not chewy; just a little tough.Service: I would have given them 4 stars if it weren't for the bad service. It took over an hour for them to finish my take-out order (1 pizza and a side of garlic balls). Also, the lady at the counter was not very friendly. In fact, one of the other patrons called her a certain 4-letter word that rhymes with "hitch."Ambience: It was nice. Felt like a tiny little italian kitchen.Special Note: I do recommend their pizza, but make sure you call it in 1 hour ahead of time.
4	Alright, here's the deal: Napoli does late night pizza delivery with a pretty huge delivery area. I just moved across town and they delivered to both addresses. I'm also a night owl, and they're open so late it seems like they're open 24 hours. If you're in Henderson, and you're hungry at a ridiculous hour, Napoli probably has you covered.They actually have a full Italian menu, but I've only ever ordered the pizza. My favorite? Canadian bacon, pineapple, white onion, mushroom. Ya, not a lot of folks can dig that when they hear it, but I assure you it's the ultimate pizza.So how is their pizza? It's good. Much better than the big chains. Nothing fancy, but solid and satisfying. I'm half Italian and I grew up near Boston, so if you don't agree with my pizza taste, that's on you.They're not super friendly on the phone but they're effective. After the first order they've always pulled up my info in a heartbeat. They always get the order right, and they've always been able to find my place, even behind gates and in the dark.It's solid late night pizza. Delivered nearly anywhere in Henderson. What's not to like?
3	An A  for effort ....sort of. The food is on average, well uhhhh, average. They have a few hits and a few missses. Over all its ok food for an OK price. They do "struggle" with customer service at times but I think its a combination of culture/language more than anything.
3	My coworkers and I order lunch here quite a bit. We call the order in and then pick it up. It seems almost every time we do that, our order is somehow incorrect. We're either missing a side of something or even a whole meal will be missing. The food is good but if you're order is a carry out meal, make sure you check for everything before driving away!
2	I will not be returning. The customer service is worse, if that's possible. They messed up my pizza order. So, they didn't send me a new pizza...they sent the toping....booooo. At some point even dilivery and late schedule doesnt make it worth it. But, in a pinch and drunk I guess this place is ok.
2	Yeah, I don't know what happened but the Napoli's that was beside GVHS was way better.Ordering baked ziti was easier and yet better. I have also had difficulties with their menu posted online. This is their menu and to say that their online menu is outdated goes along with management. Please manage your ads if don't plan on honoring them.The pizza is still very good but everything else is sub par. Their potato skins cost 6.99  and the order consists of 5 pieces of small potatoes but very little goes into preparing. I can do what they did in the time I waited for my order (placed order at 5:54 and left at 6:40). They probably wrapped 3 potatoes in a wet paper towel and zapped them in the microwave for 5 minutes, halved and cored them, then poured some cheese wiz and sprinkled them with chopped bacon and chives. Then put them back in the oven for 5 to 10 minutes more. That make up is the sign of a cook who hates his job.As I sat their for 30+ minutes, my chair faced the hand washing sink. They must have had 8 employees traversing kitchen area to outside to cashier back to kitchen and serving in-house guests. But that sink did not have one single use. The hallway to the restrooms was lined with the boxes used to contain outgoing pizzas- 2 stacks had their plastic partially removed with inside part facing out. Meaning that anyone going to or fro the restrooms can easily touch those boxes, and though it is proper to clean hands after visiting such, it is not always done.  Unless they remedy that situation, I would not recommend ordering their giant or 14" pies.
1	I went there last night with my girlfriend for some take out.  I have the receipt in front of me to remind me to post...1 Antipasto1 Chix Fett Alfredo1 Peroni (while I waited)25.93Paying more than 15.00 would have been too much.  The salad was not worth 5.50.  The chix fett was....bland...and I am kicking myself for paying 13.99 for it.All well....I hope this helps someone else....Rob-
4	I like Napoli Pizza.  Full disclosure - my favorite pizza in the city is Grimaldi's (with Aurelio's as a close second).  But Napoli also has its place in my heart.  It's close, cheap, and relatively good.  The service is somewhat lacking, though, and the people who work at the counter always seem grumpy.  However, we keep coming back because the food is pretty good.  I'm a fan.
1	Ever hear the saying, "Attitude makes a difference?" Well, this place has got some, and its not a good type.You want customer service? If you want an owner who does bookkeeping on the counter while the waitresses/girls behind counter are running around, then hey, that's great. These girls were busting their asses, while the clowns were just standing around. Nice. No one asked, can I help you? How is everything...nothing. There must have been 10-15 guys that came in and made a beeline towards the back. Not one of them said hello, how ya doin', NOTHING. I almost walked out just because of the negativity these guys were giving off. Sorry, if that's the way you are gonna run your biz, then I'm never coming back. Food: burnt on the bottom of the pizza. Really? You are going to burn PIZZA?? Not only are these guys not Italian, they can't even make a pizza? Wtf? So basically for my Friday night, I got some: bad attitude, bad 'aura', burnt pizza.
2	Roaming the streets, we struck out on the first three places we tried to visit for dinner. Establishments we found on Yelp were all closed for good. A sign caught my eye, with lights shining through the windows, Napoli Pizza! My co-workers go to the one by work all the time and rave about it. This one had to be good too, right?We walked inside, and started looking at the menu. Deciding on what we wanted, we started to order. The cashier took my order easily, yet when my wife asked what was on her pizza, the lady had to look at the menu, then ask someone else. This may have been because she was new, who knows. We won't knock that too much.There were a couple staff members just sitting by the counter while their compatriots were busy with customers. There were two tables already eating, as well as a few phone orders that were coming in while we were there. It did not look crazy busy though, just a nice steady flow of business.We paid, received our drinks, sat down and continued our conversation from earlier.10-15 minutes later, my pizza came out. Not a strange occurrence,  as between the pizza and little stand, the staff member's hands were quite full.I was halfway through a large pizza before another staff member came near us, she made the effort for customer service to offhandedly ask how everything was. She was lucky to have asked without fully looking at our table, as the rage in my wife's eyes would have burned a searing memory into the girl's soul, and my wife replied, "know where my pizza is?" or something along those lines. Of course, the immediate answer was, "oh it should be coming out in just a few minutes. This was already a good ten+ minutes since I had my food.It was almost 45 minutes (total) before they got her pizza out!!!1! They forgot to make one of the two pizzas on our order. As I said, they were steady busy, but busier screwing around (appeared that way anyhow) than making sure orders went out right.The pizza tasted alright, maybe it would have been better if the bitter taste of rage did not creep into our minds. We may give another Napoli a chance again, but this one is on our avoid list.
1	Ugh! When a 2 year old won't eat the baked ziti, you know the food has a problem. When you're promised a 25 min pick up time for carry out and you get there on time and still have to sit and wait, you have a problem. When the teenagers are hustling but the manager on duty seems to be clueless, you have a problem. The sandwich we ordered was soggy on the bottom, burnt on the top, the sausage was not cooked all the way through, and you can get better meatballs out of the freezer section of your local grocery store. The Greek pizza was blah. The dough tasted like cardboard, the sauce had no flavor, and the only thing that was Greek about it was the saltiness of the food service olives. In short, this was one of the most underwhelming food experiences we've had in Vegas. 1 star, and even that hasn't been earned in this case.
1	Yuck.. We paid $40 for a Meat Lovers, Gyro, and clam strips and bruschetta for 6 of us and it was disgusting.  So much grease and the Gyro literally had 3 THIN slices of meat and all lettuce and gross looking tomatoes on it.. Never again.  Yuck.
3	Not exactly sure how to rate this place. . . So 1 star for the cheap lunch specials, Mom got a spinach and mushroom calzone and I got a pepperoni and mushroom calzone, plus 2 drinks came to $16. 1 star for the huge calzone, seriously it was massive! 1 star cuz it was tasty too, although mine was a lil greasy but I'm guessing it from the pepperoni, because my mom's wasn't at all. 1 star for the food coming out fairly quickly despite the number of people there and the phone orders they were taking. Minus 1 star for waiting so long for drinks. Customer service was meh besides that, and I'm pretty sure the girl that took our order was new. So 3 stars for the meh-bad service but cheap, yummy (at least the calzones) eats
4	Only Pizza Place opened on Easter Sunday for lunch.. Good Pizza nice staff very clean. Apps came out cold but they fixxed it with no questions.. I would come back again.. Pizza is very good and affordable.
1	I'm updating this review for SURE.  I was way, WAY too generous before.  Each visit has gotten progressively worse, both in service and in product quality.  I have gotten many a cold pizza, which is unacceptable when you're the only table in the place.  I don't even know how that happens, unless you forgot about me or you're handing me someone else's crusty pizza that's been sitting around for a while.  Eww.Sure, it's cheap and huge, but it's also greasy and pretty soggy.  If I eat things that are questionable in the health department, I tend to just pick at them and eat smaller portions.  At Napoli, I actually feel that guilty feeling in the bottom of my stomach when I eat.  If you want to try a local chain that also delivers but has a higher quality product, try Boxer's on Boulder Highway.  The service is friendlier and the food is infinitely better.
4	This place probably has too big of a menu, and should cut some items to focus on only doing others. However some of the complaints here are also humorous. For example... I'm not sure why people are ordering Gyro's here when two doors down is probably the top Gyro in the city. That's not what a pizza place is going to specialize in. Go down to the actual greek restaurant in the same shopping center for all things greek. That place rates highly and for good reason.The lunch special is a fantastic deal. The Pizza is NY style. They do a solid job of it. I can confidently say I enjoyed the pizza, and would return. If you go there for the lunch special pizza you're getting a one topping pizza at 16 inches for $7. You can't beat that price.I didn't try the pasta. We did have a salad with the meal and enjoyed that as well.
1	I omitted to mention that the attitude stemmed from the fact that we did not have a local number, just the hotel's phone number. Apparently that was a problem for them and flat out refused to place our order when we, in fact, had done so the night before. We also told hotel management as they do a lot of business with them. What a way to ruin an otherwise amazing stay!
3	The fried zucchini was really good. My pizza was good except on the inside side of the box there was a very thick grease (almost think Crisco) it made about 3 pieces very slimy and nasty so I they didn't get eaten. Also when I ordered I was told 15-20 minutes. Make sure you check on you order though. I ordered there and was told 15-20 minutes about 25 minutes later I realized that they may have forgotten. My food was done they just didn't come out and give it to me. I will try here again mostly for the fried zucchini though.
3	I LOVE PIZZA!!!!!!!!!I'm from California, I was visiting in Nevada and we wanted pizza. So the hotel we stayed at recommended Napoli. We really enjoyed it, the pizza was really extremely good the marinara is very zesty. I will admit that California cheese makes pizza taste awesome. But this pizza is really great, I WILL DEFINITELY ORDER PIZZA FROM HERE AGAIN.We also ordered mozzarella sticks, diner salad and hot wings. The mozzarella sticks where really bland no taste what so ever. The salad was kinda normal, I mean really how much can you say about a salad, right. The wings where really tasty, but it did not make a big statement they where just OK.But if you want a tasty pizza, you really need to try this place.
4	I grew up in NY with real pizza & this is about as close as I've been able to find in Las Vegas. The service for take-out was fast & friendly. The pizza & hot wings were fresh & tasty. This will be my new take-out & delivery pizza joint. No more Domino's or Pizza Hut for me.
5	Great cheap pizza! 7.99 for a Large!
1	Don't get me wrong, the pizza and special pick up price is great, but they need to work on their Empowerment, aka their front line workers. This is the second week in a row that the front staff looks annoyed, bored and irritated. A customer should never have to say "Hello" first to the worker, when you have been waiting at the counter.
4	Food was great. Ordered a calzone, zeppoli, fried ravioli, and a cheeseburger sub. Also had the homemade lemonade, all which was great. Huge portions, did a special request order with out a problem. Fast delivery, friendly service.  The hours are great for ordering late night. They packaged things very well for delivery, which is a huge plus, all food was in tact and no sauces spilled.  Finally satisfied with overall experience of a restaurant.
3	So I want to give this place 7 stars because they have zeppoles (and amazing zeppoles at that!), which I've found are hard to come by outside of NY.  But unfortunately I can't rate an entire restaurant on those, can I?  My husband ordered a meatball hero and fries, which he said were both awesome.  The garlic balls are delightful and, did I mention the zeppoles?  LOL.  And the prices are totally reasonable!  Now the not-so-good stuff: pizza was too salty and service was questionable at best.  We waited a long time for food to come, and when it did start coming, we waited longer in between each item!  Also, it came out in kind of a weird order.  Zeppoles before meatball hero before garlic balls before pizza?  I was so confused.  Our fault for not specifying "appetizer, meal, dessert," I suppose.  I noticed a family who came long after us had food before us!  Anyway, the prices and the zeppoles will keep me coming back and for those reasons you should give it a try too!
5	Found this pizza place after a night of partying they were the only ones open so i gave them a shot. Best decision its amazing Ive searched everywhere for any competition but nothing compares, classic delicious pizza, wings are flavorful!  love the specials too.
1	This place is a joke, vary unprofessional and cheap ingredients. Don't waste your hard earned money on this place..
2	Serviceable pizza.  I would eat it if it were offered at a party but I would not be enthusiastic about it.
4	Ok first of all, I love pizza, so that makes me somewhat biased to begin with. I enjoy their thin crust New York style quite a bit. The sauces they have are good, though they are not always put on the same from pizza to pizza. The cheeses are good. I enjoy the plain cheese, 5 cheese pizza, ranch style etc. I'm basically down with any of their pizzas, as long as it doesn't involve mushrooms!
1	I heard good things about this place, so was excited to finally try it.  My experience did not turn out well.  I had the 2 sausage slices with a drink for $5.99.  The Dr. Pepper was flat.  That's fine, sometimes places have issues with the fountain, totally understandable.Well, more than 20 minutes after ordering, I had not received my 2 slices of pizza.  I came around 12:45.  Later during lunch time, I'll grant you, but still the common lunch period for a restaurant.  It's not like I came at 2:50 asking for the lunch special.  There were only 2 other tables with customers seated (so it wasn't crowded), and no one came to tell me there was an issue with my order.  So, I went back to the counter and asked.  The employee didn't say anything, but went to the back.  I was then told by another employee that my pizza was coming.  My pizza was brought to me, and I was informed they had to make a fresh pie for my order.  That would have been fine, I'm certainly not going to complain about freshly made food.  But, an apology, or letting me know it was happening, anything would have been appropriate here given the amount of time it took to fill a very simple order.  The slices are ENORMOUS.  It's a crazy amount of food for $5.99.  Just enormous.But, there were a few problems with the pizza.  First, the topping distribution was off, with about 70% of the toppings being located on the lower 1/3 of each slice.  This slipping could have occurred when they were putting the slices on the plate, so that may be understandable.  But, the bottom was not crispy, except in places (near the top) that it was burnt.  So, I did not get the good crust that you typically get with thin crust pizza (and is the reason I prefer it to deep dish).  Finally, it was undersauced significantly.  I'm guessing they hurried in the back making it, but each little mistake added up quickly.The menu is diverse and some things looked very good.  I may try to order some pizzas to go next time we have people over and want pizza for dinner.  But, my lunch experience left a lot to be desired.
1	I heard good things about this place too.  However my 1st experience was not.  I order the special $5.99 pizza special and apparently they forgot to cook the order until I came to the girl at the front. She said she would check but did not until I came to the counter 2nd time.  She finally went to the back and I recd my order 45 minutes later. and I told the girl to wrap it up as my lunch time was over.   She kept saying "Im sorry so sorry".  I think they totally forgot about it.  The pizza was good but not sure If I will be going back soon.
1	Horrible sauce, pizza was burn and service is very poor.All items are overprice for the poor quality you get.The service two thumbs down. I used to live in New York and you get really good NY style pizza for half of what I paid here. I don't mind paying the price but give me good quality food and service, on this day I didn't get either.I'll not return to this place.
1	I reviewed Napoli on Sahara a couple of years ago and I was sold on it. Great food, great prices and quick delivery. I've moved since then and now order from the Napoli over here on the east side of town on Warm Springs, I think. Three words: don't do it. No matter how hungry you are, don't do it.I spent $40 for garlic balls, two small drinks, desert and one entree that came with salad and garlic bread. Pricey, yes, but I liked their food. Or so I thought.First, the guy forgot the garlic balls. I called to let them know and they said they'd give me a credit. Nope. Not gonna happen, send his happy butt back here with my money. In the meantime, we opened the baked ravioli container and almost lost it. The marinara sauce was swimming in water,like the cook neglected to drain the pasta before saucing it. It was dark brown, too, not a rich red. When we dug in, the whole mess was cold. Cheese congealed over the top, watery sauce and the marinara sauce had so much basil in it, it was like eating a hot chili pepper. Then, to top it off, the garlic bread was old and hard.We ended up throwing the entree and bread down the drain and split the tiny salad and figured we'd have the desert and be somewhat not hungry. Wrong again. The cake was stale and hard. Even the frosting looked old. Like it had been around for way too long.So, basically, I paid $40 for two drinks and a tiny salad. I called the manager and he said he was going to check with the cook. Check this out: he comes back to the phone and tells me "The cook says there was nothing wrong with the pasta."Unbelievably awful food, even worse customer service and their prices? Who are they trying to kid? Stay away, folks, Napoli used to be good and now it's garbage.
3	I ate Napoli pizza at work yesterday for lunch with my co-workers. I had a slice of sausage pizza and part of a calzone with pepperoni and onions. I liked it but thought it was veryyy greasy. I should have used a fork and knife because by end of finishing my hands were covered in grease. It's not the worst pizza I've had but because of the grease its not my favorite.
4	Great Food and Delivers up to 5 am.
5	Do yourself a favor and order a pepperoni and garlic pizza. The taste is superb. There other food is good too. The buffalo chicken salad will not disappoint. Infanct anything they make that has the workd 'buffalo' in it is good from Napoli. Don't be afraid to try the tuna, it will delight anyone that isn't into peppery prickly tuna. Bottom line, order from here and you'll have a great dinner.
2	I was so excited to try this pizza by my house, but I think I'll be ordering from Pizza Hut next time. I called and ordered the $7.99 one-topping special. When I went to get it, the lady who rang me up never, and I mean never, made eye-contact with me. She was short with me and everyone who called trying to place an order. After I paid, she went to the back to get my pizza and set it down at the farthest end of the counter instead of handing it to me..all while completely refusing to make eye contact. To make matters worse, the pizza looked like an oil field. There was a thick layer of grease over the pie. The strangest thing is that our pizza had like four pepperonis. They totally skimped on the topping. $7.99 is supposed to mean you get a deal, not crap. For what I got, I might as well order from Pizza Hut next time where at least I can expect consistency.
4	We came here despite the reviews. Maybe this is one of those hit-or-miss spots but we had decent food & decent service. We sat outside under a covered cuppola. After my husband ordered a server brought out plates & silverware & drinks within five minutes. The pizza took about 20 minutes, which was fine as we ordered special pizzas. The veggie pizza was good, as was our cheese/pepperoni pizza. The crust was thin like i like it, crispy on the bottom, not too greasy. And we actually added a little salt. The pepperoni pizza was a bit greasy but thats to be expected with pepperoni. I went in to get a refill on our drinks and it was free. I think maybe part of the problem with other reviews regarding the service is that east coast style pizzarias usually dont serve you and folks out here dont seem to be used to that. Ive seen this phenomenon out here on several occasions. We did go in to use the restrooms and they were very clean. So was the restaurant. A solid 4 stars.
5	Great pizza, fresh ingredients. Best in my neighborhood so far!!!
1	We ordered $50 bucks worth to be delivered...the chicken cacciatore was literally like rubber and no parmesan cheese included with the ziti WTF? My rommie asked for just white meat fried chicken and didn't get that either!
1	Oh, Scotty don't!!! Okay, I'll start with the good. Delivery arrived exactly when they said.....Okay, now the bad. Umm, since when does a cold sandwich come looking like a fucking chefs salad. Almost no roast beef. But at least an entire head of lettuce, at least one full tomato barely sliced into fourths, a whole red onion with the goddamn skin and sprouts still on it. Then comes the Stromboli. I asked for a strom with only cheese, pep and salami, small one. It gets here, I tell the driver that I got charged for a large strom. He argues with me, I have the receipt in my hand. I then show him that it is filled with 6 other ingredients, he leaves. I call. They put a credit on my phone number for a future order. I'm never going to use this credit, so if anyone in the Henderson area wants to use my phone number for a $20.00 credit let me know. I'll only ask for $5.00 cash in return. They didn't even offer to make the correct order for me. Fucking bullshit.
4	We have been ordering from these guys for several years now. Since before they moved to this location. We have never had a problem. We always do carry out. usually get pizza wings and the antipasta salad. Very good and fresh tasting.I
1	I was pretty hungry, so I decided to give Napoli's a try and did their delivery service. Upside, the order came before the expected time, so that's why they got the second star. I got the Lasagna lunch special. The sauce is so watery, the pieces of lasagna are stuck together. The garlic bread that came with it is atrocious. Not even edible Tastes like they smothered the bread in some sort of butter substitute and there wasn't even the slightest garlic taste whatsoever. At least the lasagna wasn't disgusting and I could eat it. One downside to the delivery, the man who delivered it smelled terribly of cigarette smoke which makes me feel really sick to my stomach, so I'm sure that going into eating my food with a sick feeling sure didn't help. Don't waste your time with this place. I sure won't be ordering again!Edit: I decided to make my 2 star rating a 1 star for this reason: I forgot that I ordered a slice of apple pie with my order... yeah. That is frozen...... I mean like, solidly frozen... Might I emphasize again... Don't even waste your time with this place. Awful!!!!
5	Big greasy delicious slices, it was one of the best pizzas I've ever had
4	I just moved to the 89122 area here in Vegas and it seems that there is not much to choose from when it comes to delivery. So I decided to give this place a shot and was pleasantly surprised. I ordered the 5 cheese pizza which was very tasty. I also ordered the zucchini sticks. very tasty as well. So far I have ordered from Napolis twice and I have yet to be unsatisfied with the food. The only downfall and complaint I have is that delivery time can take up to an hour plus. so if you are not in a hurry to get your food then you won't have an issue! I will continue to order from here. Next time I will try something different!
2	So my boyfriend and I had late night stomach pangs and we decided, via the Eat24 app on my phone, that Napoli Pizza would be the one!  As some people may not be aware of, Napoli Pizza does do delivery. They charge you a fee of $2.50 but that's easy money and we were starving.I wish I had read about this place before I blindly gave them a chance!First of all Yelpers, why is it necessary to make a massively, overwhelmingly large menu?  Their menu is huge.  HUGE. They have:  20-something appetizers, at least 10-12 types of salads, 7 variations of soups, wings, boneless wings, 5 types of chicken dinners, ribs and rib platters (with sides), 20-something hot sandwiches, at least 7-8 cold sandwiches, 3-5 wraps, 1/2 and 1 pound burger platters (there are still like 7-9 types of different burgers!), a substantial handful of pasta and spaghetti entrees, BAKED pasta and spaghetti entrees, triple-decker sandwiches, veal dinners, lots of pizza types, a pretty solid children's menu and about 5-7 different dessert options.I have never been so taken back by a menu.  Maybe this is new to me and not new to others, but this had me worried because I've worked in restaurants and seen too many Restaurant Impossible episodes!  There is NO WAY you'll be pumping out excellent food when you're having to make a dictionary sized amount at all times, 24/7. And you know what Yelpers?  There food really did come out some kinda' nasty.~What we ordered: a ceasar salad, one of the appetizer combo platters, 12 piece medium wings, their garlic balls and one Philly steak sandwich.To be fully honest, if I hadn't ordered the wings, I would have been giving them one star.  One star for 'they tried, but failed'.  My fears came true with ordering so late at night because the majority of all the food we received wasn't even warm anymore!  They actually took well over an hour and fifteen minutes and on my map, they are only 3 miles away from me.  Terrible!The ceasar salad was NOT and will not ever be worth $8.  All they did really was put romaine lettuce in a to-go container, sprinkle stale (yes, it felt and tasted STALE) parmesan cheese all over the lettuce and sprinkle tiny bits of disgustingly old tasting croutons on top.  I mean, seriously, I could go out to Walmart and buy all of these ingredients myself but probably have it 1) come out tasting way better and 2) well, it sure as hell wouldn't be a friggin' $8 salad!The boyfriend's Philly steak sandwich wasn't very good at all.  I've actually never eaten one before, so as the loving and curious individual (and partner) that I am, I took a bite.  I regretted it.  The bread felt hard and it actually tasted like it came out of a bag (again, Walmart anyone?).  The cheese wasn't fully melted, the meat was barely warm.  It was a mess. The garlic balls were by far the worst in my opinion!  They were pretty much inedible to me because they had put way too much parsley on it!  Literally, each garlic ball was green.  GREEN.  The red... "sauce", that came with them was overly spiced as well.  There was a huge bay leaf I just about ate that was sticking out of the tiny plastic container the sauce was in - I wigged out.  That really grossed me out considering whenever I cook, I pull those out well before I serve my food!  It's meant to add flavor, never be carelessly left in the food.  Gross.Their sampler platter.  I was -so- disappointed.  I have a huge soft-spot in my heart for fried food (I come from the South!).  The onion rings and zucchini sticks were tasty but the fried mushrooms and jalapeno poppers were absolutely gross!  The friend mushrooms had a very sweet taste to them.  I took a bite of one and just about spit it out.  I've never had a friend mushroom before that tasted sugary.  Lo and behold, my boyfriend grabbed one and he had the same reaction.  The jalapeno poppers... ugh, the poppers.  Jalapeno poppers are a weakness of mine and these were totally botched.  The cheese was strange and had a grainy texture to it - the jalapeno tasted old and slimy.  Overall, this platter wasn't bad; go for a specific appetizer by them that other people like, don't waste your money.  I feel it was a waste of -my- money to get a sampler when half of it I actually didn't eat because it was horridly made.  The medium-hot wings I chose to order are Napoli's saving grace, at least in my opinion.  The sauce was delicious, though I wish they had put more of a "fry" on the wings before drenching it all over them.  The meat was juicy, so I can't complain.  I really wouldn't say their wings blew me away, as I've had better.  Semi-satisfying wings really don't compensate for a poor job done, however!All in all, I feel slightly jipped for my money and I won't be purchasing food from them again.  If you choose to, just beware and hope for the best.  It seems one person gets a fairly good experience while the other, in this case me, gets the bad end of the stick and you're stuck with sub-par food
1	This is the second time I have ordered delivery from this place. The first time the pizza was horrible, but I gave them a pass because we ordered Chicago style, and that doesn't always work for delivery.  We ordered a sausage, green pepper and mushroom pizza tonight, and when it was delivered it was not cooked through. After reheating in our oven for 20 minutes, it still wasn't cooked.  I called napolis to let them know, only to be told they would put a note in my account for next time, that I would prefer it to be cooked through.  No thank you, I will not be ordering from you again.
1	Pizza is always delivered under cooked.  We have tried them twice...but never again.And no, I don't want your 20 dollar credit. If you had fixed out issue this time...maybe there would have been another time.
5	Their pizza is just amazing. It's true that they get very busy and there can be a wait. I generally call 30 minutes ahead and pick it up myself, and I haven't had a problem. Maybe getting pickup is better than dine-in or delivery. In any case, I always come back for the Italian Style Pizza. Sooo good with a salad and glass of wine.
3	Great pizza. Worst service ever. Seriously some of the best pizza I've ever had but every single person I've encountered has been extremely rude.
3	Every time I go here the lady behind the counter seems really rude. Not to comfortable solely on customer service.  Foods worth a try other than that not my favorite place to go.
5	Had the opportunity to check this place out with my group the Las Vegas Pizza Posse this evening, and I have to say it was a good choice. They serve "New York" style pizza. The crust was tasty and baked to a nice toasty brown so as to be firm, yet soft. The sauce had a good flavor without being overpowering and combined with the sausage and pepperoni for an enjoyable assault on my taste buds. The service was fast, friendly and definitely very welcoming. We didn't sample the famed 30 inch pizza, but I plan on going back and doing just that in the near future. If your looking for a place that says "pizza" this is the place.
1	I ordered from them at 8:05 and was told  my food would be delivered by 9:05. They are located off of warm springs and Stephanie and I live off of warm springs and pecos. My house is off a major intersection and not at all difficult to find with a map or any GPS program. At 9:45 and two phone calls to the place, I gave up. The delivery driver didn't speak enough english to communicate with. I am astounded that with help from myself and the lady at the store, the delivery driver never found my house. What poor customer service! They need to hire delivery drivers that are smart enough to follow simple directions or look at a map. My food finally arrived at 10:00 and aside from being cold, still wasn't any good.  They charged me full price. Save yourself the trouble and order from rosati's, Pizza Hut, or anywhere else. Don't give these idiots your business.
1	I was extremely disappointed when ordering pizza from this place. The girl that rang up our order said it would be 20-25 minutes for our pizza and garlic knots to be done. We sat down to wait. After 45 minutes of waiting my husband went up to inquire about our food. They said the pizza was still in the oven. We were so irritated that we asked for a refund and then left. We never got to even try the pizza, but with customer service like that I'm sure the food isn't much better. I will never order pizza from here again.
4	When I'm craving pizza, this is where I go. Napoli's menu is huge! They have everything for everyone!My husband and I usually order whatever their text club special is or we get the carry out deal which is a large one-topping pizza for $7.99. My husband loves the sausage with black olives. I usually get the large Chef Salad. It's filled with turkey and ham. Lots of veggies too!The staff is always friendly and they seem to have enough people that you don't have to wait forever.They have several lunch specials for $7.99 or less and are open very late for any night owls out there.
1	Ok this review is based on customer service. It's 5:30 on a Wednesday evening. My family wants pizza. So I decide to call Napoli based on yelp reviews.  I called and a woman answered the phone. I wanted to confirm that they deliver to my neighbourhood, she asked for my cross streets and I say warm springs and Pueblo. The lady could not understand the word Pueblo. So I spell it to her and she still could not understand or even say the street name. She asks me if there is another cross street, so I tell her Warmsprings and Lake mead. Ok she understood that. Now for my address. I give her the name of my street and again spell it for her. She says umm can you spell it again slower. So I do. And she spells it back to me WRONG! I say no sorry it's not that. And again I spell it for her so slow that literally I gave her 1 letter per maybe 2 seconds before giving her another letter. AGAIN she can't get  it right!!! So I ask her this time if she understands what I am saying or is there a problem with our phone connection.  She says" I can hear you, just not understanding" UNDERSTANDING WHAT!!, you don't understand the alphabet? Because I'm just giving you the letters to my street name and you can't even understand that! No I did not say that , but I seriously thought it. Needless to say, I said never mind and took my business to Boxers Pizza. Very frustrated that Napoli would put someone answering and taking orders over the phone when they are obviously not good at speaking  or understanding English!
1	The Pizza was good as always.  Normally, I get the 16" pickup special for $7.99.  I could not leave the house, so I ordered delivery.  I ordered the 18" today, because I was expecting company.  However, when i got the pizza, it was the 16".  I called Napoli and they proceeded to tell me it was 18" and to look on the box.  There was no markings on the box.  They totally ripped me off.  Not to mention, it was almost $22 and that's without a tip.  Needless to say, I will not be going back there no matter how good the pizza is.
5	I order from Napoli weekly. Their pizza is amazing, on point with great sauce and toppings. The wings are the largest and tastiest I have ever ordered. We have ordered the veal parm (excellent), chicken marsala (good), bruschetta (very good), baklava (good), Italian chopped salad (excellent), Philly Steak Bomb, (amazing), and like I said the wings with BBQ & a supreme pizza are our staples. I have never had an issue with delivery or pick up & the staff is always friendly. The largest menu and a great value.
3	Ordered a French Dip for delivery. When I received my order I noticed that all of the Dipping Sauce had spilled into the bag. Sandwich was still good though. They could probably be more cautious when delivering food however.
1	Would give 0 stars if possible... Got wife's order wrong and made us wait to give back the food saying it had to be untouched. Would not even offer a refund and refused  any compensation whatsoever. Waiting for correct order to get here while the rest of our food gets cold. Terrible service would not recommend.Edit: Delivery guy comes back 30 minutes later and order is still wrong. Stay away they won't get your food right and service is terrible!
2	I am so torn with this place.  They have awesome food, but whoever answers the phone has the WORST attitude ever. Like, I'm sorry you work here, but all I do is order some food.  I don't need smacking of the lips and hanging up like you have a better call to make.The food on the other hand is so good! Their pizzas are way different from any of the main pizza chains here.  I would love to go back, but I hate supporting places that don't appreciate their customers.  My friend called to ask how much pizzas were, and he said he would call back to place an order and the lady hung up after call back. I really have nothing more to say about this place. Good food, but awful customer service.
5	16" 1 topping for $7.99!   We got cheese only and it's the best pizza I've had in Las Vegas so far.  I think I may stop looking.  It will be tough to top it.   So gooood! Perfectly greasy and chewy!  I can't wait to puck up another one.  The homemade lemonade ain't bad either.
4	Ordered for the first time tonight and the food was very good! The fettuccine, Capri salad, and the side salads were awesome. The spaghetti was just so so but the meatballs in it had a great flavor. Will defiantly order from here again :).
4	I love this place. They have a $7.99 pickup special for a 16" pizza and you can get it anytime for carryout or dine in. We always dine in and get the pizza special,  basket of fries and 12 wings and it comes to about $21. We always have leftover pizza to take home too. Service is a usually pretty good the guy that works up front always hooks up extra ranches at no charge. I'll keep going back because it's cheap and tasty.
1	I have no idea why this place has so much business. If it weren't for the fries and ranch,  I wouldn't be coming here at all. The service is horrible, the phone etiquette sucks, it takes FOREVER to get your food, the way the seating is laid out is crowded, and the food is soooo salty that I wake up multiple times throughout the night to drink water.This is Vegas. You can find way better, real "Italian" food places here besides this joint.
4	I eat here quite a bit. The worst night to show up is Saturday evening. It's complete chaos---especially when its a fight night.  The girls who answer the phone are kinda rude and they ALWAYS rush you---especially if you're on the phone. If you come in they are a bit more friendly---I guess they don't want to make you mad and create a scene. Haha........Once I had hair in my food but that's common when you let other people cook your food. They made me a new sandwich ASAP. I DO NOT like their salads. The lettuce I get is always wilted brown iceburg and crappy fixins'.Some of my favorite yummy dishes:Basil n Fresh garlic pizzaGarlic Parmesan wingsFrench fries that are still good THE NEXT DAYDouble cheeseburger with baconCole slawGrilled chicken sandwichOnion RingsChicken Fingers
1	Our office had received Napoli's menu in the mail and were exited to try some of the lunch specials located on the back of the menu. We set a date to order for the office the week following receiving the flyer in the mail. We ordered 2 lunch specials, both priced at $6.99 on the menu. I was made to repeat the order several times to the lady on the phone (who was not particularly nice). I was then given a price which seamed a little higher than i had anticipated for 2 lunch orders. Upon verification of the prices, she explained that the lunch specials that i had ordered were $7.99. i explained that i had just received this menu circular in the mail the previous week. She stated that she would provide our office with a new menu and then went on to tell me that the order would be delivered in an hour, which was perfect since our lunch break would be at that exact time of delivery. (ordered at 11:32). I decided not to haggle with the pricing and left it alone since i understand pricing does change without notice.A little over an hour later and 5 minutes into our lunch break, our food had still not arrived. I called back and spoke with the same lady who had taken our order. Before checking on our order status she started to brush me off by stating that it takes an hour for delivery. I stopped her and explained that it had been that long already and explained that me and my coworker are allowed a limited amount of time for or lunch. She then huffed and stated she would look to see when our order was placed to make sure it had actually been an hour. After verifying that , yes, it had indeed been OVER an hour she began to check on the order status and explained that it may be about 7 minutes more before we would receive our order. I spoke with my co-worker who agreed with me that this was way more trouble than it was worth, not to mention by the time our food would arrive (given it would arrive in "7 minutes") we would then only be left with 10 minutes to eat. I called back and then spoke with a gentleman (may have been in some sort of manager). I began to explain the situation with the menu pricing, he interrupted me and stated he would give me 5 dollars off my order. I explained to him that at this point we would just like to cancel our order and i did not feel that $5 would justify such bad service. He did not seem to care either way at the loss of a customer and hung up. I later noticed on the menu they advertise "Fast Delivery", yeah that's a complete joke!
3	I ate here for my niece's birthday on Sunday. Everything was hot, and tasted really good--But this time there was a hair on my sisters pizza. She wanted to complain but every one in the family was already eating and my sister didn't want to wait another 25min. The food is excellent, but no one wears  anything to protect their hair from falling into the food. My sister should have complained so that they know that this is happening often.
2	I happened to be in Henderson for some training for my work.  One of the guys in my class went to Napoli's and got the two slice and soda lunch special for $5.99 yesterday.  I was intrigued so I went today.  I was there looking over the menu for a few minutes before anyone ever acknowledged I was there.  I guess the fact that the restaurant had very few patrons in it at 12:30 PM on a weekday should have been a sign to me this wasn't going to be a great experience.The girls were on the phone and talking to each other in some European sounding language (maybe Russian).  Once I was finally asked what I wanted, I was rung up and asked if it was here or to go.  I told her "to go".  She then filled up my soda in a glass.  I reminded her it was "to go".  She asked "are you sure?"  I said "yes".  I even checked the receipt to see how she rung me up.  Good thing, too, because I paid her with a $20 and she only gave me change for a $10.  I pointed out that I had given her a $20.  She opened up the cash drawer to check and I guess she saw she had no $10's in the drawer because she then peeled out ten $1 bills and handed them to me.  She told me to drink the soda while I waited for my pizza to cook and she would give me a to go cup.While I was waiting, she came by and gave me my "to go" soda cup.  I thanked her.  When my order was ready, she asked me if I wanted more soda.  By this point, I was ready to leave so I told her "no thanks".  As I was leaving, she called me back and asked me if I had only ordered the two slice and soda meal.  I told her "yes".  I wasn't sure where this conversation was going at this point.  Maybe trying to make small talk since they seemed rather cold upon initial contact.  The girls were nice enough to look at, but their customer service skills were VERY lacking.The slices were huge and the amount of toppings were sufficient, although I have had better pizza.  Don't think I'll be going back anytime soon.  Still seeking that one magical pizza place in the Vegas valley that can keep my return business.
1	Very Very bad first experience.  Ordered an appetizer and a pizza.  Pizza came out quick so I asked about the appetizer, they'd check.  Only when we were finished with the pizza and up asking for a box and what happened to the appetizer, did a gal run to the back and miraculously the raviolis is done.  One of the people at the front counter was arrogant about the meaning of the appetizer.  In addition i asked the person who took our order about refills on the soft drinks and she said she would come by the table,  never did.  Way over priced drinks with no refills.  Go to Sammy's way better food, better service.
3	I ordered a 16" 4 item pizza.  The pie was ok, it wasnt greasy as reported by others and the crust was good.  I am a self proclaimed pizza snob which is the reason for the 3 stars.  The delivery was about an hour and 15 minutes at 430 pm.  I had requested a well done crust but it was still soggy in the middle.  The staff was busy but friendly and the delivery guy seemed like a manager as he was very nice and friendly, almost appreciative for doing business.  Given my location I had no other options and I would order again in this situation.
1	We ordered dinner delivery from here last night. After a long weekend something yummy and easy was exactly what we wanted but unfortunately didn't get. Since we were craving lasagna, i searched Yelp for an Italian delivery place and found Napoli's. I followed the yelp link to the menu on their website and under hot specialties with the rest of the dinners found Lasagna. There were two options, 1 for a 1/2 pan and 1 for a full pan...perfect! Loving the convenience of yelp I also decided to place our order through the Eat 24 ordering link listed on this listing. Easy enough. 1.5 hours later the delivery man showed up. (I called at the 55 min mark and was assured that the driver was on his way). Well 40 min after that when he did show up, he brought 1 tiny container of Lasagna (enough for a child's portion) and our Garlic bread. Now starving and super disappointed, I called Napoli's to inquire about where the rest of our lasagna was. She informed me that this option was the only one available and if I wanted something special than I should have called to order. I nicely explained to her that the 1/2 pan lasagna was clearly listed on the menu through the yelp link and she abruptly told me that she has no clue what I'm talking about that menu is wrong. So just to recap, The menu linked in this Yelp page is incorrect and they don't want us to use the Eat 24 app that they've chosen to link as well. Making the best out if the situation, my fam started eating while I was on the phone, sharing the one person serving of lasagna. IT WAS COLD!! Like ice cold and cheese hardened and the garlic bread was as hard as a rock. WHAAt?! I can understand if it takes extra time to cook a lasagna, but an 1.5hrs and rude service for 3 bites of COLD dinner that cost about $25?! Sorry Napoli's, this was just bad all around.
1	PUBLIC SAFETY WARNING!!!!we were staying at lake las vegas for memorial day, 2 other families with us and we all ordered take out from this place, 3 SEPERATE ORDERS.  one family's food was ok,  the other order was missing a kids meal, and my order has SOMETHING SERIOUSLY WRONG WITH IT.  MY DAUGHTERS MACARONI AND CHEESE HAD SOME STRANGE CHEMICAL OR POSSIBLY URINE IN IT!!!!!    the other macaroni and cheese another girl ordered was fine.   we called back to let the manager know and she was was not very helpful,  promised to refund the kids meals but never did.  we had to call later next week and no one knew anything about it.   ANYWAY,   AVOID THIS RESTARAUNT AT ALL COSTS CAUSE YOU WILL HAVE NO IDEA WHAT IS IN YOUR FOOD!!!!
5	I have ordered from Napoli several times, and have been highly satisfied with food and service. Friendly stuff, and great food. Our favorites are calamari, pizza and wings..
3	I never noticed this place and drove in the area plenty of times. It's by Sears on warm springs. My boyfriend showed me it. I love there pizza. Big slices. Lots of cheese. I always get the pick up special which is a 16inch pizza one topping. It's the kind of pizza you can fold like a taco. The sauce is sweet. Yummy every time. Additional toppings are $1.75. They even have a 30 inch. Being that I like the pizza I decided to order lasagna $16.99... Not knowing I ordered anyways. It was ok. Honestly I feel it was overpriced. I would rather go Olive Garden for that price. I always order take out because service isn't very great. They have 4 t.v's inside. They do have beer and wine. Also outside seating with ceiling fans. I also love that there open late. Sun-wed 9am to 3am...Thursday 9am to 4amFri-sat     9am to 5am
5	Great pizza. A little slow but a huge lunch special for 5.99. We really enjoyed the crispy crust.
4	I ordered the Turkey Burger with Fries, and because I was starving I went ahead and splurged for a brownie. I ordered through EAT24 the delivery time said between 45 & 75 minutes, I figured it might be a while, so I wasn't concerned. It did take almost 1 & 1/2 hours, but the delivery man was so very nice and polite. The Turkey Burger was HUGE, I loved it, the fries are really good, and the brownie hit the spot. I'm normally not a big eater, but this was great and well worth the wait!
5	I moved from NYC to Henderson right next to Sunset Station  Casino . Wednesday 10 pm my kids want NY style pizza only, what I will do now :)?. I thought I can find pizza in the casino so we went to Sunset casino their pizza place was closed :(. I searched in google "24/7 open pizza in Henderson" Napoli showed up they open till 3 am :)., we walked in cashier said we do have specials today medium   1 topping and its only 7.99 :) We did like the pizza we got very much it was very tasty but salty. Staff was very friendly , hours of operation is the best .I believe next time I can ask "no salt please" :) I would recommend Napoli Pizza  to everyone
5	I love the pizza here.  Lunch special is awesome. They are a little slow but worth the wait
1	Used to be the best now I don't know what's going on over there. Haven't been on time the last three times. An hour estimation and they get here in 30 minutes now an hour estimation and they're a half an hour to an hour late every time, WTF?!?
5	Where should I begin? Awesome food! Fast delivery! AND AN AWESOME ATMOSPHERE !! Everything on there menu is delicious! From there pizza, to there garlic balls, to there wings & fries! Everything rocks ! Deffiently one of the hot spots in henderson seeing how they are very busy every single day!
1	I would not go to or order a pizza from this place. Raw pizza when asked for well done. Employees have a bad attitude the worst pizza restaurant in Southern Nevada. I will never go back to this place.
1	Used to go here a lot during school for the lunch specials. It was OK but went downhill fast. Had to wait forever for a sandwich even though there was one other person eating there. Turns out they never put the order in. I finally got my philly cheese steak the steak was burnt to hell and no cheese was on it. The ladies behind the counter aren't too helpful. It's very rare they look up from their cell phones to help a customer. When you finally do get their attention they pull an attitude if you ask for something. After 3 or more bad experiences here I gave up on them. I put my money to better use elsewhere. If you want a similar menu but better food & service check out sunset pizzeria.
4	Pizza is good ,  chicken wings are excellent and they have the free style coke machine with free refills . Great cannolis .Excellent hours and it's nice to go someplace in the neighborhood that's open to 3 or 4 am .
5	One of the best pizza places in town great food! good value! Im from the East Coast it's really hard to find a good pizza place tastes as good as theirs!
5	I can only say good things about Napoli Pizza! Lord where do I start?! Well first off the prices are amazing! Even getting a medium pizza for a family of three feeds us for more than four days. The mushroom and pepperoni is mouth watering good! We usually order our pizza for pick-up or delivery, but going into the place is nice as well. The place is very quaint, and very nice. They have a couple of big screen TVs as well as a nice dinning room. Their staff is also friendly, friendly and extremely patient. Napoli will always be are go to for pizza, and I dare another pizza joint to even TRY and be better than Napolis!
2	Recommended by a friend because I'm new in town. It was alright.  I've definitely had better. I'm not a fan of overly cooked food, esp my breads and I ordered the garlic balls and the bottoms were overly burnt and the sides were almost as darkened. That destroyed my appeal in those.The pizza was greasy, but I'll do. I probably won't pay for another eating here, but if I happen to be at a friend house (the one who recommended it) I wouldn't not eat it.
4	7 months later and this place has yet to fail me. You just can't beat the pickup special. It's a 16" 1 topping pizza for $7.99. We usually get the whole thing with pepperoni and then half pineapple and half sausage. They only charge for 1 additional topping which is cool. Some places will nickel and dime for each additional topping, even though it's only on half the pizza. What I like about this place is they have a dining room, so I get the pickup price, but get to eat it there. Add a basket of fries and some wings, and you have a meal under $25 with plenty of leftovers to take home. They have a lot of other items as well, but the pickup special is too good of a deal to pass up, so I end up getting it every time. And a bonus, they have the freestyle coke machine. Oh and it's family owned and operated! Love that.
1	I choose no star for the horrible service, but 3 star for the food. The second Time we went There, we tried the Garlic balls and we do really love it. But the third time, we went there we complained to them about the garlic balls wasn't the same as before, they only put lil bit garlic butter and the appetizers came together with the main course at the same time and it was needed for almost 45 minutes to waited those foods, Even only 2 family at that time. The guy seems unhappy and he said we must add $1 for extra sauce, didn't say sorry but only gave a reason that only 1 chef in the kitchen. That's pretty weirdo, they didn't wanna accept complain for their service?!?! Today same guy was there and we ordered same food but he remembered us, never learning, out complain is still the same as before. We don't know how to complain to them anymore. We love the food and the location nearest by our house but the problem the guy seems doesn't like us because we have complained to him.
1	The spaghetti and meatballs was okay, not great, certainly not worth the 40 minute wait.
5	I've ordered the inhouse medium 16 inch pepperoni pizza pick up yourself special twice in the last 3 months, it's a deal for $7.99!The pizza is huge! for a medium and the sauce is very close to perfection as can be, good quality mozzarella cheese that doesn't make you want to drink up all of Lake Mead to quench your thrist afterwards like some other salty cheeses used in lower grade pizza joints. The crust is perfect in my opinion, not too phonebook thick, not too potato chip crust thin. Even the pepperoni is extra good and does not have that purina dog food taste like I have experienced with other pizza chains. I've only tried the pizza here and not anything else, but looking at the menu makes you wonder how they can offer such an extensive line up of Pizza, Italian food items, wings and other bar type fare? Somehow they seem to manage it. Service here is very good and I have not had any issues with the ladies behind the counter. The inside of the restaurant is plain and simple, with plenty of inside seating and even a small outside area that you can dine in. Beer, soft drinks and even a massive 30 inch pizza is offered here. There are big screen TVs on the wall so maybe sunday morning or monday night football games can be enjoyed here?Good tasty pizza and will go out on a limb and say it's got to be right up there in my top three pizza choices in the Las Vegas valley, they got the pizza technique and recipe down.Hot pizza right out of the Napoli oven or cold leftover pizza NOT heated, but taken right out of the fridge the next day, they pass the taste test every time!
4	Ordered from here a few times and it's really very good.The Newton sandwich is delicious, my girlfriend orders it almost every time. VERY big sandwich. Chicken is breaded but not mushy.The Ziti Siciliano is pretty good. The menu doesn't say if it comes with marinera in it, only that it's eggplant, mushrooms, ricotta and penne all baked. It does come with some marinera sauce but upon initially ordering it I requested a side of marinera just in case and it was a good decision to do so. Huge portion, definitely enough for two people so I had more than enough leftover. Eggplant was soft but not falling apart and there was quite a bit of ricotta but it wasn't overwhelming. Really very good. I've ordered their New York Style pizza and it was delicious. Ordered it with their alfredo sauce instead of pizza sauce and it was good but definitely lacked garlic. Most alfredo sauce is overloaded with garlic so it was a little disappointing that there wasn't much of it, but I'd rather have less garlic than so much that it's inedible. Next time we'll make sure to have garlic be one of the toppings.The California Shrimp salad is exactly what it says it is. No complaints on that one but FYI vinagerette isn't the best choice of dressing. 1000 Island would be a better option so the avocado doesn't disintegrate.The only item I've had that I wasn't sure of is their Breaded Mushrooms. It's not how you would imagine breaded mushrooms. Instead of breadcrumbs it's almost like the mushrooms are covered in a thin layer of dough. Not pizza dough or bread dough; it definitely had a distinct taste that was familiar but unrecognizable. At first bite it was disappointing, not because it tasted bad but because it wasn't what I expected. Of course I did the whole, "Maybe if I try another I can figure out if I like them" and by the third mushroom I was all about it and wanted more of them. I would simply say if you order them to keep an open mind.Really like this place, will be ordering again in the future.
2	Meh. Not impressed at all. Pizza tasted ok. Pretty annoyed my spaghetti and meatballs is actually a soup bc they didn't drain the pasta. Prb won't order from here again. Giadas and Angelina's are WAY better options.
4	Last night my friends and I ordered Napoli's Pizza. The experience was overall good, but not perfect. First off, when I called to place the order the guy was very friendly over the phone, however he told me 30 minutes and when I got there I ended up waiting about an additional 20 minutes. One thing I was amazed at was the amount of food you get, I only paid $33 dollars and got 2 small pizzas (for anyone who has never seen a Napoli pizza, their small is basically the equivalent of every other pizza places large!), an order of garlic balls and a two liter. Even though I had to wait the extra time, it was totally worth it! The garlic balls were soooo yummy!! And the specialty ranch pizza was DELICIOUS! I am a huge ranch fan so this really hit the spot and the chicken they put on top isn't crappy out of a can chicken, it's crunchy and yummy! As for the pepperoni pizza, it was good, nothing special, just your average pepperoni pizza. If you are going to order Napoli's, I'd suggest getting a specialty pizza!! The only reason I docked a pint was for the extra wait, really I would have only taken 1/2 a point, but that wasn't an option haha. Anyways, I would definitely suggest Napoli's Pizza to anyone who is craving some great pizza!
4	Awesome awesome awesome! They have such a diverse menu with really everything to choose from. Fair prices, and they always have lunch specials going on. The 12 wings for 8 bucks and add a basket of thick cut fries for a buck? Always a great deal. Open til 2 am so its perfect for swing shift workers like myself. Always offer refills on drinks while you are waiting for to go orders.
5	The burgers here! Yes this place is pizza place but oh my god does this place make burgers like no one's business. My girlfriend and I just had an order with pizza and burgers and I cannot believe how well made the food is. If anybody else is ever in the mood for pizza or burgers, this is the place to go!!
5	I went to Green Valley High School when Napoli's use to be up there. I love their pizza, love it so much that I am there every Monday night after I get off work. When I go out to other places I compare them to Napoli's. Service is amazing there is almost nothing they won't do for their guests. If u go I encourage u to ask if Elizabeth is working, she will take care of u. Not once have I been there and been disappointed by the good or service
4	Best pizza in town for $7.99. Service was a little slow. I guess because they do a very big take out service. Very nice out door tables. I watched a ton of people picking up their pizza.  Every one had ordered at least 2.  Also ordered the buffalo chicken wings. Excellent plus.It's about a 12 min.drive from my home, but worth the drive. We will be back.
5	If you want a great deal subscribe to their text specials! A large one topping pizza and large antipasto salad for $14.99 was this weeks special. The food is always delicious!
1	I ordered a pizza and was expecting it to be a bit of a wait because it was the weekend. 2 hours later and I still did not have my pizza. I called the restaurant and they were so confused and told me that my pizza wasn't even ready. I was so angry that I had to cancel my order. I understand it's a big city but come on...2 hours..?!! That is insane and unacceptable. I will not be using them again.
3	Ordered a half Napoli Special and half Greek pizza for delivery. Both were good but Special was much better. Never thought I'd say this but Greek may have had too much going on with toppings but I still enjoyed the flavor. Also ordered a side of wings and zeppoli's for dessert. Wings were very average and I'm very picky about a quality wing and first bite was an unusual hunk of gristle and I noticed my wife doing the same with her wing. Overall, loved the pizza and will try agin based on pizza alone but Angelina's for the same order is probably a little better value.
5	Napoli is always the late night grub spot for me and my boys. Napoli has pretty good service, and they are always super friendly. even at 2 am when nobody ever seems to be nice Napoli workers are always greeting as a bunch of hoodrat kids walk through the door. It is kind of expensive pizza, but if you have a group and everyone kicks in a few dollars it ends up being pretty cheap. the atmosphere is great and it always smells so good in there. would recommend.
5	Great food! Great service! Loved the pizza here and the service was amazing. We are not from the area but found this place while in Henderson. It's the perfect pizza place to go to if you are hungry. The small pizza is more than enough for 2.
1	Ordered meat lovers pizza and garlic balls. Total was suppose to be $35. But when I delivery man came he told me that the total was $37 I see he wanted a tip I was going to give him a tip anyways but after that he didn't get anything. And when I ordered on the phone the lady was rude and hung up the phone once she told me my total. And last but not least I paid extra for a lot of ranch and it was missing from my order. I tried calling them back and no answer. Never again am I going back.
3	I had a hard time deciding on how many stars to give cuz my family, friends & I love the pizza from here....my dilemma comes from the customer service. I work very close by & on most occasions someone else picks up the order. Some of the younger people that have gone to get our order always say the customer service is HORRIBLE. I have a feeling it may be because they aren't tipping to the staffs liking. However, like a previous reviewer stated, the wait time can be out of control. I had called an hour & 40 min ahead of time for 1 of the 36" pizza, which we get a lot. We usually get 4 different quarters on the pizza. The last time it was ALL wrong & the pick up person waited an additional 25 min for the pizza. I will still get pizza for home, on occasion but where I work, well, everyone refuses to go pick up our order.
4	I ordered from here yesterday kind of was skeptical because I thought it might be different or taste different or worse then the location on Sahara on the south part of the valley but the food actually turned out to be good I got a order of 20 piece chicken wings they were delicious and 2 orders of fries one for my friend the other was chili cheese fries for me they were good the only negative on that were that some of the beans were kind of hard and dry but it was still good the other negative is they only gave me one pack of ranch when I asked for 2 or 3 but other then that I wouldn't mind ordering from this location the next time I visit my friend or spend the night at her house.
4	I have ordered pizzas from here several times and I have yet to be disappointed. I like the giant 30" for parties! It tastes great and can feed everyone. It's not a bad deal either. I'm not a huge fan of chain pizza places so I'm glad I found Napoli. They have good food and decent prices and offer dine in, take out as well as delivery. Tonight we are getting a medium pineapple and bacon, medium pepperoni, and a side order of French fries. My mouth is watering waiting for it to be ready. Definitely would recommend this place to my friends and family. Go try it out!
1	I wouldn't even give one star but it is necessary in order to post !bottom line:  the order was wrong. I called and the people were rude.  the gentleman who claimed to be the manager said he was discussing with head chef and the order was right.  I had the food delivered and one complete entree was missing as well as salad dressing for salad.  how would head chef know what was delivered??  instead of any sort of apology at all, the manager offered to charge me AGAIN and have it delivered in 45 mins to an hour. I had 4 people to feed and 3 entrees!  absolute terrible customer service!!!
5	The best pizza and calzone I have ever had.  Dine in, order out or delivery.. its alway bust but wait times ate not ridiculous.   So far I have not had anything bad.  The small calzone is huge portions are very very generous. We have Napolis on a pretty regular basis.
3	Great food here. Been a customer for three years now. But customer service needs a lot of work. The girls never smile and the men that are always upfront will ignore you until one of the girls comes and helps you. But the food is so good I'll put up with the service. I love their buffalo wings and pizza.
5	I come every weekend with the family .... Have never had a problem  with the service  and the pizza has always been very good .
1	I really Tried to give this company my business. I love the Pizza here!!! But I will not go to this place anymore!!! I really hate that the customer service. The lady put my wife on hold for a hour and still waited. I had my wife hang up and Call back to give them another chance too earn my business. So she calls and guess what happen next? You guess it, she told my wife to wait again, my wife waited a good 20 minutes. Wow I really think this place is disorganized on service. I hope this goes to the owner. Please. Retrain your employees at this location. This goes to the owner, when you open your first store you made sure to treat customers like gold. I hope the owner didn't forget that moment. Be ashamed. Thank you,Jason R. Wells
5	Great pizza, hate how people are always negative and never want resolve an issue that they had while a visit. Quit trying to kill small businesses.
1	Upon discovering Napolis pizza and their 7.99 one-topping pick-up/dine-in special I stopped going to little Ceasars for those pizza nights and faithfully switched over to them.  Their pizzas are one of the best I have tasted in Las Vegas, so much so I put up with their terrible customer service.  I raved to everyone I knew about Napolis, that is until one unfortunate day.I ordered a pizza and chicken wings.  I picked them up and they were both cold, and I excused them, again (like their horrible customer service) thinking maybe I had taken to long to get there to pick up the food.  But my guests at home weren't convinced, they said the pizza tasted more than a few minutes old, they said it tasted like hours old.  I ignored them,  and then, I bit into the pizza crust only to find a strand of hair cooked right into it...  Another one of my guests found a foreign object on the pizza, like a fiber from a cleaning sponge...  I was so mortified.... I called Napolis and they offered me a refund, only for the pizza, that's ok, but I never received the refund.  Not only that but I got sick to my stomach, for a whole day, I was really sick.... I am pretty sad, but I am never stepping a foot in Napolis again.
