3	This is one of the finer restaurants in Urbana, owned by the same people as at Courier Cafe, just up the road.  It loses a couple stars because it wants to be a fine dining establishment with an accompanying pricetag, but the servers are generally not as experienced as you'd like (although they are trying, so it's not right to totally pan them).  And the food quality and inventiveness leaves something to be desired.  They have a good location, dining rooms, including a nice garden room, and it's quite comfortable overall.  It just needs an infusion of talent.For brunch, four stars.
4	I ate here for my Graduation dinner. The service was pretty good and the food was decent. They have a pretty extensive menu and the atmosphere is great. The outside and surrrounding property at this place is awesome! I got some great pictures here with my family!
4	Generally speaking, the service is good -- I've had some bad ones.  The food is pretty good, but the reason to go is for the brunch.  It can get crowded, but worth the wait.  They make their desserts on site, and make omlettes and waffles while you wait.  The meats can be overcooked, but it's still all quite tasty.
5	Silvercreek is one of my favorite places to go when I'm in the mood to be pampered with great service and excellent food.  The restaurant's ambience is just about perfect, with romantic lighting and a beautiful garden room that's just breathtaking (more on that in a minute).There are some complaints on here about the food, but I think it's delicious.  I haven't had anything here I didn't like.  One of my favorites is a salad, whose name escapes me at the moment, made with field greens, goat cheese, toasted walnuts, dried cherries, and a champagne vinaigrette dressing.  It's simply divine; I could be happy with just that.  However, it just keeps getting better.  I think the chefs are pretty creative, although the menu hasn't changed much in the three years I've lived here.  The desserts are excellent, as is the wine selection.I've heard that brunch is fabulous, but we've only been for lunch once and dinner a handful of times.  They put on quite a show for New Year's Eve, with a special menu and a generally festive atmosphere.  It was New Year's Eve 2004 that my sweetie and I were sitting in that gorgeous garden room, enjoying a night out on the town, when all of a sudden, a diamond ring was staring me in the face, and my sweetie was down on one knee asking me to marry him.  Now, Silvercreek isn't directly responsible for one of the happiest nights of my life, but they certainly helped make it as perfect as it was, and for that, I thank them.
3	This place wants to be better than it actually is. The ambiance is really quite nice. They did a great job restoring the building and the grounds. It is beautiful, and it was also  the first smoke-free restaurant in town. I very much appreciated that at the time. The food wants to be outstanding, but it is only very good. For as much as this place costs, I want it to be better. More innovative, more spectacular. The wait staff is mostly very young and not quite experienced enough to pull off the fine dining experience. One time, one of them addressed my dining companion as "dude." He took offense, and rightly so. We are not your surfin' buddies, we are your customers. That said, this is a great place for a big celebratory dinner with your whole family. It's a beautiful setting, the wine and beer lists are good, and your grandmother will be able to find something she wants to eat. So will your vegetarian cousin and her picky five-year-old, and so will you.
3	When I come to UI in 1990 as an undergrad, other than the country clubs and Kennedy's/Rick's: An American Cafe and Timpone's, Silvercreek was really THE place to go.  The space is still lovely.  I thought the food quite good until maybe the late 90's.  Several chefs have come and gone recently (last few years).  I have had lunch/dinner here a few times over the last, say, 6 months, and it has been decent.  Nothing too stellar, but not horrible.  The menu gets tweaked more frequently.  HOWEVER - today I stopped by for brunch at about 12:40, it is scheduled to go until 2:30.  Brunch at the Silvercreek of old was very good - lots of salad and hot items, bustling crowd.  It wasn't too crowded, but I was saddened at the brunch I saw.  VERY limited salad items (though the dressing was good).  Mostly very standard breakfast fare, except that the scrambled eggs were somewhat brown (not from brown eggs, either).  Very few hot items, either - some brisket, the kind you would put on a bun, fried chicken (boring), and some salty, rapidly cooling prime rib and ham.  Desserts were unmemorable as well, including a key lime pie that had so much green food coloring in it that I wondered if one of the ingredients was green food coloring.  The trifle I had and the cheesecake were lackluster.  To top it off, I saw my server three times - once for my inital drink, once to clear plates, and once for the bill (which was wrong, I was charged for 2 buffets!) .  Never asked how things were - breezy and unprofessional.  Come on Silvercreek, there are too many other good brunch choices in town, including Luna and Jim Gould (best brunch in town as far as I am concerned, though I don't think they do other meals well).  I think the owner is too busy with his car collection to oversee his eating establishments.  I have not been very impressed with the Courier lately, either (same owner).
3	I think it's a pretty good brunch.  I would give it four stars if it wasn't as pricey.  $18 for a brunch buffet is pretty steep, especially since they don't continually serve food in fresh portions.  By the time we got there, the meats and pastas were on the dry side.  The desserts are yummy, omelet was very good, and the variety you can't beat.  I would go earlier and not as often.
4	On Friday's Sivercreek has 'appyhour that is great! Half price appetizers in the bar area and live music. I love the atmosphere here and the regular Firday night bartendar is great (Brooke). She always knows what to recommend to drink and I hear she makes an amazing Bloody Mary. She prepares them prior to the Sunday brunch, which I still have yet to taste.The fries are really good with truffle oil and the Steak & blue cheese Quesadillas are excellent. The 'appyhour menu changes regularly, which is nice if you visit often.They have a large selection of bottled beers and change the tap regularly. They also have a good selection of wine. I just recently relocated to Urbana from Chicago and am happy to have found a place that I can frequent and always leave smiling!
2	i really wanted silvercreek to be better than it actually was, especially because it is one of the only fancy sit-down places walking distance from my apartment.  i went on a monday night, the week after valentines day.  my friend and i wanted to start with the mushroom puff pastry appetizer, but the valentines crowd had apparently wiped them out.  so we opted for the potato pancakes, which looked fantabulous...but one bite covered in white wine cream sauce had us puckering up so bad, the sauce was so sour that we could barely finish the first bite.  both of us ordered pasta dishes as our entrees, he the lasagna, i the gnocchi.  the lasagna was ok...really nothing special at all.  the gnocchi was in a subpar tomato sauce, and the gnocchi was overcooked to this dry, powdered mashed potatoes type consistency.  it couldn't choke more than a few dumplings down. the dessert, however was delicious. warm chocolate brioche bread pudding topped with vanilla ice cream? super-win!i will be back, if only because i have to check out this friday happy hour that is so well spoken of.  perhaps the steaks and chops, or the chicken and fish are a better choice? we shall see...
2	I was extremely disappointed with Sunday brunch today.  (Oh and by the way, today was Easter for Orthodox people, so I was hoping for this to be a special occasion.)  While I don't think that $18 a person is too much for a nice brunch every once in awhile, i do expect to get what I pay for.I don't want to be ignored by the hostess, then treated rudely by both her and the waitress.  Additionally, I expect the food to be restocked.  If you own a restaurant and advertise that brunch is offered until 2:30, the brunch should be stocked until that time.  If you want to stop stocking the brunch at 1:00, the advertise that the brunch ends at 1:00.  The good foods were omelets and waffles, smoked salmon and shrimp; the two things I could get cooked fresh, and the two things that are served best cold.  Everything else was cold, crusty crap.We were rushed by the waitress who couldn't be bothered to refill our drinks.  Busboys were texting, no one would check us out when it was time to pay.  In fact, the only nice people there were the bartender and the omelet chef.  I liked this place in the past, and if I have another chance to come back, I will...so I guess the have a chance to gain some stars.
4	I went to Silvercreek for lunch today with my dad-- and I feel like it's undervalued for lunch!  I had pesto rock shrimp pasta ($8.25 and the most expensive lunch item,) and though I wish the menu had mentioned it was a light pesto cream sauce, it was delicious, and the garlic bread was awesome.  My dad had their burger of the day, and he loved it too.  Our waitress was a little spacey, but that'll happen.Our entire meal including drinks and tip was still under $25; you can get a bill higher than that for lunch at places  with far inferior quality of food.
4	When I was about to leave Champaign for Chicago, my boss and I went on a culinary tour around Chambana and Silvercreek was on the top of our list. She was raving about the Sunday brunch and they were right, it was so so good. There's an egg station if you want your eggs custom made. Then there's other fancy meats, fish like whole smoked salmon, pastries, and of course, desserts.  The price tag is expensive for the Chambana area but the food selection will all be worth it. This is a must do for anyone in town.
3	I've heard good things about Silvercreek's brunch, but woke up too late Sunday to go, so my friend and I settled on trying their dinner instead.Despite the weather starting to cool off, we decided to sit outside and enjoy the last traces of summer.  Sunday = 1/2 price wine night (per glass) which was surprising as their wine isn't unreasonably priced to begin with (~ $5-$9), and they have a nice selection to choose from.We split their goat cheese salad, I ordered their stuffed chicken breast, and my friend got their 5-spiced alaskan halibut (which I tried a bite of).  We both agreed that the chicken was really yummy and juicy, anwhile their halibut was well cooked and moist, I found it a bit tasteless (plus a on the more expensive for what you got).The ambiance is quite romantic (both inside and out), but you don't need to dress up unless you want (I was just in shorts, a tee, and a fleece), and it's just a nice place for a quiet dinner.I'm going between 3 and 4 stars here, but I until I try their brunch, I'll have to say 3.
4	Where to start... OK I always thought that Silvercreek was a good place to go if you were A) Old, B) White, and C) middle-class and want to feel good  about your middle-classness. Which is why I never went, because I A) Feel old, B) am really white and C am horribly middle class. I don't like to go places where I all I see is clones of myself, but we went to Silvercreek for the first time 10 days ago, and have already been back another time since!First things first, the decor will suit anyone's parents, but isn't so stuffy and lame that you want to rip the crocheted crap off the walls and scream. The service is good, although knowledge of the wine list could be better (from both servers so far). The menu is really interesting, with a lot of options, and some cool creative twists on some meals which would otherwise be your typical American bistro fare. Prices are worth it, HUGE portions (generally speaking-but the pork chop especially is Massive and the Hangar steak notsomuch).I fully intend on going back, frequently.
4	This is a review of the Sunday brunch which is AWWWWESOME! I usually try to get a group to go to brunch every couple of months and we always come here.  There is so much on the buffet ranging from a waffle station, omelette station, salads, veggies, pasta, salmon, shrimp, potatoes, a carving station, and an absolutely wonderful array of desserts to choose from!  I walk out of here feeling stuffed for days!  While the cost is not cheap- I think it's around $19 including a beverage, it is well, well worth it! I have tried the other top Sunday brunch place in Urbana, and Silvercreek blows them away!  :)
4	So delicious.  I don't eat steak that often, but I love getting it when I come here.  It was cooked perfectly.  Service could have been a bit better, but the food was perfect.  :)
3	Two key points: 1. Lunch: cheaper, laid-back2. French fries with garlic aioli: fatty deliciousness (You must ask for the aioli.)They have a decent lunch, though I really just go for the french fries. Other lunch food worthwhile: tomato bisque, chicken salad wrap, and grilled cheese. I was never in a burger mood when there, but I see a lot of people ordering it.Service here often becomes great fodder for conversation afterward. I mean, there was a waitress who was super perky and nodded vigorously whenever I asked for something--to then come back happily each time, completely forgetting that I asked for anything at all. I forced a friend to steal sugar from tables because of her. And another waiter who ran around in a rush as if someone was holding a gun to him and ordering him to drop those checks off, stat.
5	Checked out Silvercreek for lunch, it was very tasty.  My boyfriend and I tried a couple sandwiches, the BLT (topped with goat cheese and guac) and the cuban.  Both were delicious and moderately priced; only about $7-7.50 each (cheaper than some of the other cafes in downtown urbana or champaign).  Service was great, the restaurant was not too busy, would definitely go back again for lunch.
4	Dad's day needs a step up on the C-U restaurant ladder, don't you think?We made a reservation at Silvercreek and were so glad to have this beautiful, WARM and welcoming spot to retire to after another bitter loss on the field.The lunch menu is not quite as diverse as the dinner menu but we all loved our entrees.  We started with the corn chowder which was filling and nuanced.  My husband had the special pork tenderloin and my daughter and I had the vegetable ravioli - rich and delicious.  Plus the best bread basket in town.I was a tad diaspointed in the chocolate cake - beautiful but the taste was dull.  That cake looked so much better than it tasted.  Had the dessert been better, this would be a five.  I have been there multiple times and have long felt this is the weak link in an otherwise great restaurant.When the football team disappoints, the food will not! I L LI N I
3	This was an unexpected fuel stop for a small group of us last weekend after discovering the long wait at the Courier Cafe just up the street.  The restaurant has a warm & cozy feel to it - equipped with a full fireplace and lodge-esque interior.  The bread variety was quite delicious - esp. the olive and rye breads.  I ordered the jumbo shrimp appetizer (the name escapes me), which was incredibly spicy.  It was ok.  I also ordered the spinach salad, which was quite good.  My fiancee ordered the pot roast entree, which I sampled, and it was actually very good.  My friend ordered the brie appetizer, which was also quite tasty.  The only downside was the service, which was slightly lacking.  The price is moderate but nothing completely unreasonable.  They also have a nice selection of domestic and import beverages, which always makes me warm and fuzzy inside.
5	Went here for lunch. Not many young people were eating here but the atmosphere was great. I had the trainwreck sandwich. It was loaded with meat and the bread was freshly made. Everyone else in my party had a gourmet burger and everything was devoured. My husband said when his family comes to visit he will be taking them here.
2	I was really expecting much better things from this restaurant. Based on the good reviews and seemingly more upscale menu, I thought this would be a nicer restaurant with good decor and great food. Well, not so much. My friend and I showed up around 7:30 on a Friday night and the place was only about half full. That should have been our first hint. The restaurant has a rather strange look what with the exposed brick and ceiling beams combined with the country-style tables, carpet, and booths. Overall, it just looked a little dated and old, especially the booths that were in a bit of disrepair. The dinner menu isn't huge and has a handful of selections for seafood, steaks, and pasta. I opted for the potato-crusted whitefish. It came with a cream sauce, asparagus, mushrooms, and carrots. It came out nicely presented, but when I lifted up the outer potato crust and got a glimpse of the actual fish I was so annoyed. I'm not exaggerating in the slightest when I say that piece of fish was 2x2 inches. Maybe you're not supposed to notice that with all the potato lumped on top of it, but at $18 that was absolutely ridiculous. My friend said her lobster mac and cheese was good, but so rich she could only eat half. And, BTW, it was corkscrew pasta, not macaroni.Sadly, I didn't order a salad because those actually looked pretty good. And there was also a good looking maple banana cake, but I refused to spend any more money there so I can't attest to the desserts. Overall, this place is way, way overpriced and I would never go back.
4	Fourth time there, first time for Sunday brunch.  Not too much, not too little food, but what was there was great.  Really dug the peppered fried chicken.  Desert selection was wide and I became a fan of the Bailey's Chocolate Cake.  Was seated in the converted greenhouse which added (positively) to the experience.  Look forward to trying the brunch again.  Only negative (also positive) was the huge crowd.
3	Went here for an anniversary a while back with the idea that it was one of the nicer places in town. I did have high expectations and was a bit disappointed. I do like the rustic ambiance, but the menu has little to no imagination and the wine list is quite small. I would suggest the lobster Mac-n-cheese though.
5	I have visited Silvercreek multiple times for both dinner and lunch. Without a doubt, the BEST restaurant in central Illinois! I always order the fillet when I'm there for dinner and it ALWAYS comes out perfect! Cooked medium, just the way I like it. Seasoned perfectly! Not to mention the staff is always attentive to every need! I never have to ask for anything...they are always one step ahead! I've also experienced the same amazing food and service for lunch! Just when you think it can't get any better, it does with their Sunday brunch! It's worth every penny! I usually frequent Silvercreek about 3 or 4 times a month, and it never lets me down. ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! The quality of food and service at Silvercreek sets the standard for all other restaurants! I wish I could afford to eat dinner here every night! It's awesome! I can't get enough! Keep up the amazing work!
5	Great service and an amazing filet. Will definitely go back!
5	My bf and I went with another couple to this place as we'd heard great reviews. The ambiance is wonderful and we had a very friendly and attentive server. The food was absolutely delicious. The only downside was they were out of the one dessert we wanted to order but I would definitely go back to dine again (especially to try for the chocolate cake again).One of the nicer places in Champaign and Urbana - loved it!
5	We had a great family dining experience here earlier this week - I really love the rennovated old building feel, and the way they weave history into the ambience but still manage to be modern. It's the kind of place that could be romantic enough for a date but casual enough to bring the whole extended family. The food is pub-fare but with some good twists (lobster mac and cheese!). I had the BLT (with avocado and goat cheese). Very delicious. There were also veggie burger options that looked good. Wait staff was friendly and accomodating. Definitely recommend this place!
4	Delicious!
3	Higher end restaurant. You should probably dress up. Pre-nights are held here.I'd only recommend going here only for happy hour appetizer specials and drinksOff-campus in Urbana.
5	I was very impressed with the quality of service and the food at Silvercreek!  Headed there for the first time for a friend's birthday with a large group of people.  Since I try to eat vegan and I know it can be a pain to sort that out in a large party, I called ahead to ask if there were any vegan items on the menu.  The hostess was incredibly helpful, pointing me toward a couple of salads and a vegetarian entree that could easily be made vegan, and reassuring me that if nothing on the menu caught my eye, the chef would be more than happy to create something for me with the veggies and pasta they have available.Service at the restaurant was equally good.  I went with the autumn salad (Garden greens, apricots, pears, grapes, pecans, hazelnut vinaigrette) which was refreshing and delicious, and the stuffed poblano peppers (Black bean, corn & rice stuffing, red onion, cilantro, chihuahua cheese, paquillo pepper sauce) without the cheese.  The peppers were TO DIE for.  The pepper sauce was insane, creamy and delicious, yet somehow dairy free.  I still wish I had gotten that recipe!I'd definitely recommend Silvercreek for any vegans or non-vegans looking to get a high-quality meal!
5	We have been to Silvercreek several times for lunch, dinner and special occasions (booked events in the greenhouse).  I've always noted good service and the food is very good, especially the house-made breads.  This past weekend we tried the brunch for the first time and were delighted!  It is quite an extravagant lunch with MANY options, and they were constantly refilling the trays so everything was fresh!  The waffles were fantastic, light and fluffy, the salads were fresh, and the hot items were flavorful.  I was struck, as a vegetarian, with how many green vegetable options I had!  Brussels sprouts, broccoli, zucchini with cherry tomatoes, spinach salad, cucumber salad!  For meat eaters, there were all sorts of coldcuts, fish and seafood, fried chicken, beef and ham.  And save room for dessert, there are almost as many dessert items available as there are main course, so many cakes!  Along with tarts, candy, apple crisp, bread pudding (which wasn't very good, the only thing I didn't like at all), trifle and fruit.  This is the perfect place to bring visiting family or have a nice brunch out with friends.  Service for us was good, though I did have a bit of a wait once for a water refill.  The only thing that was kind of surprising was the treatment of the line/where the buffet is set up, it's not ideal but it seems to work so-so.
2	In a word, dissapointed. I thought it would be much better. The bread was boring, my 25.00 Filet had no flavor. My mashed potatos and zuchini were good. My server did not want to be there. There were flies and the grass outside needed mowing and the trash picked up. I had a view of Reds Muffler Shop.
2	This was on graduation weekend and mother's day, so I am cutting them a little slack since they were busy.We were able to get reservations for my wife's mom and decided it would be a great idea to take her out on mother's day. When we first got there it was pretty packed, it took five minutes before anyone at the counter acknowledge us.They sat us down in a booth and an older waitress asked what we would like to drink, we ordered three cocktails and she asked us if we were in a hurry? No we are not, but thanks for asking...The drinks took ten minutes to come out, apparently we should have said we were in a hurry. For the starters I got the Beef Tenderloin Carpaccio for myself and Shrimp Cocktail for my wife and her mom, both came out fast and were decent taste wise overall. The waitress to me seemed a little spacy and not quite there, we had numerous other waiters/waitresses stop by in between for refills and checking up on us since she wasn't.For entrees we all ordered the Cider Brined "Double Cut" Pork Chops, wait times were roughly 25-30mins. We were anxious to eat it as they were very thick chops, until my wife cut her pork chop open. The center of it was medium rare, borderline rare. Mine was a tad undercooked and also her moms, the waitress even commented and took it all back. They recooked it correctly and ten minutes later we received it back, the meal was above average and we enjoyed it.Now I normally would let this slip, but the manager proceeded to stop by our table and explain that is how they cook them at Silvercreek and well sorry. I guess the waitress isn't aware of this because she was the one to first point it out. If this is the case, it should be stated on the menu, totally unacceptable and unprofessional behavior as it wasn't really a legitimate apology. The manager there needs etiquette training, you do not act snooty like that to customers.The desert we decided on was Caramel creme burlee and I have to say it was perfect. It made up a little bit for the disappointing experience, but hardly a reason to return only for that.Overall my experience was mostly negative with the service and how things operate there, they try to come off as upper scale but it falls flat. The location they are located it is a little bizarre, as right next door you have some sort of vehicle repair shop and things look a bit run down. For what we paid around $150ish and we did tip *More then we should have*, we did not get our moneys worth.I can't recommend Silvercreek for the service, location, and price. You will find better places to eat in the area.
1	The food here is just plain terrible. Quantity is all they aim at while forgoing quality. I actually think this one and great impasta are by far the worst restaurants in town. As an Italian I can tell you this food has nothing what so ever to do with Italian cuisine.If I could I would give them negative stars.
2	Not very professional. It wants to be fine dining but the staff lacks training an the menu options are less than impressive. When I walked in there was no one greeting so me and another group stood around for a while not knowing what to do. The host then showed up and after a time of her not knowing why she was at work and why I was there I literally had to say "I'm here to eat food" before she clued in to seat me. Nice building. As a business, needs improvement.
4	Here Price = Quality. Brunch on Sunday is the best I've been to in the longest. Only upset feeling from trying their desserts is for the people who DIDN'T try the desserts.
5	I have to say, this has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants in Chambana.  I've only visited for lunch and although their dinner menu looks good, I haven't made a trip to try.  I have always had great service and the food has always been wonderful.  The only time I haven't been completely pleased was with the Farro salad which came with veggies, but there were only two quarter pieces of zucchini and two 1-inch slices of asparagus.  This place is now my go-to restaurant for lunch because of the extensive burger and sandwich menu.  They have great sides and the prices are great for the quality of food and creativity.
5	We haven't been to Silvercreek in years - we were disappointed with the food. Rumor spread that they got a new manager.  We decided to give them another try. The Chef's Line Burger is best burger in town - no exageration. Even my wife thinks so and she does not like to eat burgers. Tonight we enjoyed the appetizer buffet with oysters, chicken, shrimp, salads, artichoke dip, fresh fruit and chef cooked steak on the grill - delicious. You must try the Peach Kuchen to finish your meal. Silvercreek is now our local favorite. If you haven't been lately you must give them a try.
5	One of my favourite restaurants in the area. the $20 Sunday Brunch Buffet are totally worth it - and do try the desserts! The dinner is delicious as well. Usually, I don't rave about soups but their tomato basil soup was the best I've ever had! My husband who also doesn't necessarily like soups though it was delicious as well. Silvercreek is worth the price and it is a good idea to make reservatiosn.
3	We came here for lunch and had a good experience. The landscaping and the atmosphere are great. Very friendly service. I enjoyed my Italian turkey club, which came with good sweet potato fries. Would return if in the area again.
5	I ate here last night and I was very impressed. I loved the atmosphere, and the food was very good. Everyone who took care of me was very attentive and knowledgeable.The bread that came with the meal was very tasty. I started off with the Roasted Squash Panzaella which is a crouton salad, and it was very good. There were too many croutons in it for me, but I just picked out some of them and ate the rest. For the entree, I got the Crispy Potato Crusted Michigan Whitefish. It was so good. I loved every bite. By the time I got to the end,  I was glad that I had not eaten all of the croutons in the appetizer.For dessert, I got the Apple Dumpling A La Mode and again it was amazing. It was on the small side, but I thought it was the perfect size for me. Someone else may be disappointed that it wasn't bigger but any bigger and I would not have been able to eat it all.All in all, I was very happy with my experience and if I am ever in town again, I will definitely go back.
1	Disappointing.  For the money they charge the food should be better.  Scallop entree was lukewarm, terrible.  Lobster mac has changed, it was wonderful a couple years ago, now just nasty.  Steaks were good.  Never again.
4	Great friday happy hour specials keep me coming back for more! Good draft beer rotation as well.
4	Amazing place for the sunday brunch. The waffles and maple syrup are amongst the best you will get in town! Don't miss out on the enticing array of deserts, it is easy to, since there is such a wide variety of food before it!
1	The food was good, but it doesn't outweigh the management practices. The experience was bordering on a nightmare. Definitely a stressful and extremely unpleasant dream.Graduation day at U of I. Reservations were made far in advance. We had a 9pm reservation with a $50 required deposit. When we walked in a few minutes before 9, we found ourselves shoulder to shoulder with angry and annoyed patrons. We spoke to several people who had been waiting to be seated 1, 2, and even 2 and a half hours AFTER their reservation time. They know how to take a reservation, just not how to keep the reservation. And that's really the most important part of the reservation.So, due to the $50 required credit card deposit, all those people were stuck waiting and waiting and waiting. After waiting an hour, we asked what would happen if we left, and they said they would charge us $50. I'm pretty sure this wouldn't hold up in a court of law, but the small claims filing fee is more than $50 so they have people hooked. When we were finally seated an hour and a half after our "reservation" time, the 5 of us were squished into a small booth with a chair at the end. There was no space for that chair. It was very uncomfortable. Were our drinks comped? Were we offered anything for our long wait? No. The server was very nice, but we were starved and exhausted and really annoyed. The food was great, but way overpriced. I had "little parcels" pasta filled with cheese. Really great. The taste was worth 5 stars. I find management's policy on the U of I graduation date coupled with their failure to keep reservations absolutely unacceptable. It is completely unnecessary, their restaurant would be packed skipped reservations or not. The management decided to take this opportunity to swindle people.
1	Sorry Silvercreek, but I just can't with you. I've been here probably 20 times over the course of many years. It's never my choice-- Champaign has a handful of restaurants where everyone goes when they're looking for a somewhat upscale experience and Silvercreek falls into this category. And so I find myself here for graduation celebrations, birthdays, meals for when relatives are visiting, and so on. Most of my experiences here have been for their Sunday buffet brunch. They offer your standard biscuits, gravy, bacon, potatoes, as well as some lunch-ier fare like pasta and prime rib. It is all less than mediocre. Last time I was there for brunch, my dad said, "We should have gone to Ryan's." Ouch. They have a pretty big selection of desserts. It really grinds my gears that even though they have an omelet and waffle station, they can't make eggs to order because they only have a big bowl of premade egg mix on hand. So yeah, no fresh eggs on hand. They have scrambled eggs in the buffet line but... gross. Side note, try not to get seated by the omelet station. It gets boiling hot. Last time I was here, I actually dunked my cloth napkin in my water and dabbed my face and neck with it. I mentioned the heat to the hostess on the way out-- she asked how the meal was-- and her response was "Oh, in the greenhouse? Yeah, hot day." No, not in the greenhouse. But that reminds me...My best friend had her bridal shower at Silvercreek about a year ago, in the greenhouse. In the middle of the meal, one of the chandeliers DROPPED FROM THE CEILING and shattered on the middle of a table. Unreal. The staff did not know how to handle the situation and the only compensation was free dessert. This place is such a mess.
3	Traditional American food: burgers, sandwiches... pretty much the same as they are at Courier Cafe, its sister restaurant nearby. Had lunch there, not much choices. Foods were just so-so.Environment was very good! This was a large place with back yard. The decoration was classic. A good place for family gathering!
2	You could do better a chain restaurant. Food and service are below average and they are not even that busy. Man where is an Outback restaurant in Urbana? I guess it's been here long enough so people send us strangers and visitors here but find somewhere else and do better than here. My second time and won't need to try again.
3	Atmosphere is warm and comfortable. Waitstaff is attentive but mostly young and inexperienced. Food was... Ok. Ordered the mixed grill special. Gremolata ( overpowering and chemical flavor) on over-cooked scallops, undercooked fingerling potatoes and a passable steak with uninspired brown sauce poured over. Overall, quite "ok" but no better. Highlight was the dessert, a chocolate cake with ganache and mousse. Best part of the meal was feeling welcome to linger and chat, which we certainly did.
2	I never choose this place but end up here a couple times a year because this is where people want to go (for whatever reason). It's always disappointing. After reading some of the reviews I can see it's not just me. Two repeat offenses. (1) reservations that are meaningless because they either overseat or over-reserve, and (2) mediocre food & service. Not worth it. Too bad Kennedy's closed.
1	Perhaps if I had eaten any food I could rate the food but this is a rating of service only. After a short wait to be seated I was given a table and a menu. When five minutes had passed and no one had come to the table not even to bring a water I was starting to wonder where a server was. After another five minutes had passed I was becoming rather annoyed. I decided to wait another two minutes for anyone to come to the table and when no one did I left.
4	I have been using for business lunch/dinner.   Nice atmosphere, good servings.  Foods are ok, but they got nice wine selections.
2	Yelp steered us here for brunch, but your only option is a buffet.  And it's not good.My waffle was okay, but the syrup dish had a lot of "skin" that had developed in the tray.  Kinda chunky when pouring it out.The bacon and sausage weren't particularly flavorful.  The "homemade" biscuits were hard.Of all the places we ate in Champaign, this was the worst.  Definitely not worth $20+ for the same kind of Sterno-warmed slop you'd find at Old Country Buffet.Go get a cup of Jarling's Custard and make that your brunch.
1	The food is decent, so this one-star review is really about the way that Silvercreek treats its costumers.  We went there on graduation weekend and it was busy, but we were assured that the wait would be only 10 minutes, so we stayed. The wait was not 10 minutes, but more like an hour. Every time we asked for an update we were assured that we would be seated in a few minutes... After we sat down we waited more than an hour to get our food. Mostly what we ordered were salads, so there's no way it should have taken that long.  After about an hour they offered us some chips...The food was decent but expensive, as they upped the prices for their special graduation weekend menu. I probably would not have cared so much about the money, had we not had to wait for so long...for salads.Yes, I understand that it was graduation weekend, but the host should not have promised seating in 10 minutes, just to keep us from leaving. It was clear that they had more business than they could handle, but just wanted the opportunity to make as much money as possible. By the way, people who had reservations didn't seem to fare much better...and they had to put down a $50 deposit just to reserve a table.By the way, I went to several other restaurants that weekend with my boyfriend and his parents, including Bread Company, Biaggi's, and Big Grove, which were just as swamped as Silvercreek and received much better service in all of them. Also, they were honest about our wait time.
5	I don't hand out a lot of five-star reviews but this place definitely deserves one. From the food to the ambience to the helpful and wonderful staff this place has it all. You will definitely not be disappointed here.
3	Silvercreek has been a great place to go to with my parents as a more upscale night out. That being said, I have had some hit or miss experiences with both the food and the service while I have been there. Most recently, I had dinner with my family there to celebrate my graduation for the University of Illinois. We had put in a reservation for our party well in advance and paid a substantial deposit. We showed up slightly early for the reservation and still had to wait almost an hour after the designated time. We were repeatedly told that it wouldn't be much longer, but by the time our party got to the table we were starving and pretty tired of being there. While I recognized that graduation is a very hectic time for people, I just did not understand what the point of making a reservation was when we had to wait as long as people who walked in the door. Once we were seated, the service was a little slow but was much more reasonable. Everyone enjoyed the food, which was flavorful and filling. Our favorite item was some sort of crab hushpuppies that were simply phenomenal. However, on other occasions, I have ordered fish dishes and found them to be somewhat bland. Overall, this place is a nice place to eat if you're looking for somewhere with a fancy vibe in Urbana. However, I would steer clear of it for important events (parents weekends, graduation, homecoming and other peak times) and check the menu before you go to ensure that the food suits your tastes.
4	I always like this place. I don't think I have ever had a bad meal here.
4	I came here for lunch with some co-workers for lunch and I was pleasantly surprised!  This place has a reputation for being overpriced however,  I didn't see anything on the lunch menu over $15. I won't say it's world class food or anything (only slightly better than Courier Cafe) but very well prepared and is good for people looking for classic American dishes - no weird exotic ingredients here!
4	After seeing all the negative reviews I was a little hesitant to try this place. But this morning my boyfriend and I drove pass right when they opened their door and my boyfriend said that we should try this place out since other breakfast places were packed with homecoming weekend. I was surprised when I walked through the door, the decor were nice and the hostess was pleasant. Our waitress was nice, she kept our drinks full and came by often to check on us. The food was good, I really liked the prime rib and the mixed green salad was good as well. For those sweets lover, the cake area is the best. It's like being in dessert heaven! Overall, I really enjoy the service and the food. I would definitely recommend this to others.
3	So this is a fancy establishment that exudes an aura of fine dining. It almost feels as if there should be a business casual dress code. Almost. I ordered the most basic macaroni dish. I wish the menu listed all the items that come with these dishes since I don't enjoy onions (it comes with green onions). The dish definitely was a bit better than your standard macaroni fare, but I don't think it's good enough to warrant an $18 price tag. The Sunday buffet is similar. It costs $20 and the food is a bit better than your standard buffet food, but not enough to warrant the much higher price.
1	Been here several times over the years and have never been impressed. The waiters are slow and unresponsive. The food is mediocre and has always taken a long time to reach the table.For example, once ordered a steak, asked for medium rare but got well-done, so I sent it back. The waiter was hesitant but took it to the kitchen. After coming back, the waiter was argumentative and said the chef said that is how it is supposed to be. Paid the overpriced bill and left. Don't care to return, which is a shame because I like the ambiance and want to support local restaurants.
2	Went there for NYE at the early set for Candy Foster.  He was the best part of the visit.  Ashley our server was good.  I ordered the scallops and could not eat them as they were raw and only barely grilled.  The sprouts had been warm at onetime but were also cold.  My friend ordered the duck and it was good.  It was a very expensive meal for something I could not eat.  Next time a salad for me.  I only went for the music and I guess that's what I got:(
