5	I would say this is easily the best Pub in the city. Beer selection isn't massive, but it's extremely high-quality. The food is typical British pub food, but it is done much better. Great presentation, large portions, high quality ingredients used in everything. Everything on the menu, from huge dinners to sandwiches to brunch on the weekends (get the salmon boxty!), is perfect. Staff is friendly and on top of it. I highly recommend Piper's. One of my favorite restaurants in the city.
5	I have to agree with Aaron, and the more I go there the more I love the place. The atmosphere is what I imagine a British pub should be and the staff is excellent. We went for an after work happy hour and everyone loved it . The curry and chips are fantastic. So good that I took my sons back on Sunday for brunch. My wife and I tried the Gaelic Four Onion Soup and it was by far the best onion soup we have ever had. The Stilton cheese was the clincher. The portions are big and made with quality ingredients. The staff was very helpful also when my wife wondered what dressing  would be best on the Stilton and Rasher Salad. They have a incredible scotch selection. We have decided as a family that we would become regulars!
4	I definitely had a favorable first time here last night. Piper's Pub is a British pub, with all the goodies. I had the Scottish eggs and it was pretty good. I've never had Scottish eggs, but I imagine that they were authentic and delicious. I didn't love them that much, but I could definitely appreciate what they were - hard boiled eggs wrapped in sausage dipped in hot sauce. Around the table, my party had: Ground Lamb and Chestnut Shepherd's Pie - it was not typical but really really good, some sandwiches - they were decent sized platters. I'm definitely going back there to try more food.Piper's Pub brings the best of unhealthy British foods for our consumption.
4	For the most part, I'd call Piper's a fixture of my Pittsburgh experience, it being (so far) my favorite location.  They have excellent beers on draft, and humongous plates of UK-style food.  The shepherd's pie is definitely two meals (and therefore worth the price paid).  They also make a good burger, but if you're here, you have to take advantage of the UK dinners.It's not the same as a pub in the UK (I distinctly remember struggling to find ones that even served food, or had a kitchen open past 6pm), but especially here in Pittsburgh, it's as close as you'll get.The attitude in the place is generally friendly, I'd say.  The bar area is typically really crowded compared to the dining area, so there is a potential for a little friction there just because you're elbow-to-elbow, but I've had good experiences.  Usually no problem in seating groups of people.  In the dining area it's common to find yourself actually saying a few words to the table next to you just out of friendliness (and some people bring their families to dinner here).Next time I go, it will be solely for a Smithwick's and scotch eggs.  Oh yeah.
5	Outstanding. Although, I have to disagree with some of the other reviews, only because this is not a British pub, it's Scottish. I have been hunting a good whiskey bar in Pittsburgh, and this joint has an amazing whiskey menu. On top of that they serve great cask beer, and it's served right (room temp and smooth). When I was there one of the staff members took me on a tour, and showed me there hand built cask system in the basement, unreal and well-done.On top of that the food is top-notch, and the portions are huge, It's hard to find traditional pub fare like this anywhere in America. OH - and they watch soccer there! Good food, great whiskey, cask beer, and soccer - there isn't much more you could ask for.The staff is knowledgeable, and it shows that they all love this place and their jobs - which I think makes any establishment worth supporting.
5	Tons of Scotch, cask beer (real ale) and great service..what could be better.  I was in Pittsburgh for two nights and was lucky to stumble across Pipers on the first night and had to go back the second night.  Bartender showed us the cooler where they do the 2nd fermentation on the beers.  Didn't try the food however it smelled great..
3	If you're dining on the South Side, this is a totally solid choice; however, I probably wouldn't make a special trip just to eat here unless I was really craving some bangers and mash.The atmosphere inside is pretty standard pub-type setting and decor; the restaurant does have a really nice tin ceiling.  This place does "scottish pub" pretty well, especially for the South Side, although it is still a bit more crowded and noisy than my favorite pubs.  (Side note:  The restrooms are right next to the kitchen door.  Apparently there is some sort of spatial issue involving cooks, waitstaff, and the swinging door.  If you are in the ladies' toilet, be prepared to hear regular LOUD cries of "Coming In!" followed by the sound of a slamming-open door.  Do not be alarmed.  Nobody is invading your temporary sanctum.)  There's a pretty good selection of beers, as well as a very nice whisky list (concentrating, of course, on Scotch and Irish whiskys, although I also spied a Japanese whisky and a smaller but well-chosen selection of bourbons.)  The cask beers, in particular, are nicely chosen and served well.The menu features all the staple food items I remember from the precious year of childhood I spent in Scotland -- shepherd's pie (beef and lamb/chestnut, which seems like an interesting twist), fish and chips, bangers and mash, chicken pie, curry...  Sadly, a lot of the Scottish specialties were a little bit pricey for my budget -- I just can't feature paying $16 for bangers and mash, toad-in-the-hole, or shepherd's pie.  The lower-priced Scottish specialties seem reasonably authentic as well.  There is a ploughman's on the menu (looks tasty, but I did not get it, because it came with apple chutney instead of Branston Pickle).  The fish and chips is another less-pricey option, only the chips are not proper chips (they are medium-cut french fries, and very tasty ones at that, but not big fat chips), and there aren't any mushy peas on the side (at least not that the menu divulged).  I am kind of on a diet so I ended up getting a steak salad with Stilton cheese, and my husband got the Piper's Pub burger.  My salad rated a solid 3 stars; the greens were very nice, the steak was rare like I ordered, and the Stilton cheese was a good choice (I substituted it in for the ordinary provolone that comes with it).  The marinade for the steak had a nice flavor overall; unfortunately, the marinade also had a lot of salt.  At first it didn't really register, but by the end of the meal I felt like I was eating especially tender jerky that had been reconstituted in soy sauce and brine.  My husband's burger was another 3-star special -- the flavors were all really nice, but the burger was cooked more thoroughly than he had asked, so that the effect of the burger + cheese was a bit drier than he prefers.  Furthermore, the bun appeared to have been buttered but imperfectly toasted, so that crispy bits alternated with alarmingly buttery/soggy bits.All in all, this is a reasonably authentic South Side simulacrum of a Scottish/British neighborhood pub.  I prefer Monterey Irish Pub -- although the food is less authentic in nature, it is generally cheaper and extremely tasty, the decor is nicer, and it is not quite as overwhelmingly crowded and noisy.
3	This is a good standby joint in the South Side. If you're a whiskey aficionado, you will be in heaven. The beer selection is also quite respectable with a slant towards bottled English beers. They also have cask beer on tap from East End brewing company, which is always a solid choice. As others have said, the dinner portions are huge. The fish and chips could feed me for a few meals. The real highlight of this spot is during a soccer (i mean football) game. Their website tells when all the upcoming matches are, and it's one of the few places in Pittsburgh where you'll hear chants of "USA! USA! USA!" when USA scores in a match.
4	This is an excellent pub that for some reason I never go to.  I was here on Saturday and was really happy with the people I met at the bar and the staff was outstanding.  The pub itself is quite nice.  It has tin ceilings, copper bar (I think), plenty of plasmas, booths in the back, and a few hi tops scattered about.  I was really impressed with the whiskey selection listing even a japanese option.  They also a premium bottled beer selection and plenty of draught options.  I started with guiness, but then was intrigued by the cask option because I rarely see cask conditioned ale's in this town except for church brew works.  The cask condition was some type of winter ale.  It was good if a little too sweet for me.  I wasn't that hungry, but we did order a couple appetizers.  I ordered the ploughmans platter (cheese platter) and ordered the artichoke and red pepper dip.  I wouldn't have chosen this dip, but she seemed to like it.  It was okay I guess.  The portion was huge the dip was warm and had a decent flavor, but it seemed a little too greasy for my liking.  It was served with bread that could have been warmed up a bit.  The cheese platter was pretty good.  It was served with a delicious apple chutney, fruit and a  few gherkins.  There were two cheeses.  I think they were both chedder. One was flavored with guinness and I'm not sure what the other one was, but it was green and I actually preferred the green cheese.  Overall this is a really good pub, with super friendly patrons, and a staff that's spot on.  I'll be back.
5	I stumbled upon this gem while I was out visiting Yee Steel City for one of my annual sojourns to Star Lake.  Man, was I surprised. I thought at best, this might be a 4 star pub.  After all, we've all eaten at British style pubs before and let's be honest - the experience is typically acceptable but not incredible.I was wrong.  This place gets 5 stars across the board.  First, on the most important thing - alcohol!  You have a great selection of brews, some expected, others less known - mostly British beers.  You also have a great selection of whiskey.  While the whiskey can get up there in price, the beer is priced at your typical city rates.   Now onto food.  Their portions are monstrous for the price you pay.  You are getting a steal!  This place has incredible food with incredible prices that come out as large platters.  I was with a party of 4.  We all had to box our food up and take some of it home with us.  Finally, this was a rare tavern that had amicable and hospitable staff.  The waiters, waitresses, and bartenders all went out of their way to say "hi" and make you feel comfortable.  When we had a problem, they resolved quickly it without hesitation.  For this rare treat, I gotta give them a full 5/5 on customer service.
5	Great food at great prices. We always have leftovers. The fish and chips are great. We also love the roast beef sandwich.
5	My husband and I went for dinner and split the Cajun chicken sandwich with bacon and Irish cheese and a portobello mushroom sandwich and both were delicious. A lot of choices on the menu and all looked tasty.  Great service. Over 20 beers to choose from and enjoyed the Strong Bow Cider and the East End Big Hop Harvest. Easy parking around the corner from the restaurant. A bit loud but not too bad.
2	This is a English/Scottish hyrbrid pub with a tad bit of Irish thrown in.  I am a huge fan of bangers and mash and so I couldn't wait to try out everything.  The hosts and servers were great and we were promptly seated.  There is a fairly new, clean interior that is split into a bar section and a dining section with some overlap depending on the group and what they are looking for.  I liked the atmosphere.  After perusing the menu, we settled on the following items:Gaelic four onion soupScotch eggsOpen faced roast beefBangers and mashDraft RootbeerThe Onion soup is NOT a French onion soup.  It is its own entity with its own ingredients and flavors.  Over time, I have learned to just expect a French onion knock-off when it comes to onion soup.  Kudos to Piper's Pub for doing something different.  There is a large crouton with stilton baked into it.  It tastes quite good with the soup.  My only issue with the soup was the onions -- they were not completely tender.  Is it possible to have the onions in the soup cooked a little longer to completely soften them up? I know this is a personal preference and I would probably order the soup again but I would only consume the broth.  While eating the soup I ordered a draft rootbeer.  Completely excited about having a good, fresh rootbeer.  I was somewhat flustered to find that it was somewhat weak when I tasted it, though.  The flavor was there, but why was it so watered down?My first time having Scotch eggs.  It is a hardboiled egg encased in ground sausage, fried, and then served with hot sauce.  The flavors were interesting, but it was difficult to get past the flavor of the exterior.  It tasted overcooked and bordered on burnt.  Is this normal?  As we finished this novel, new appetizer our entrees arrived.Both entrees looked awesome.  Spectacular presentation for both entrees.  I went directly for the sausage and my palate left me perplexed.  The banger they use has a heavy-handed spice.  I tried the sausage with the half-mashed potatos and the gravy in differing quantities and couldn't get past the flavor endemic in the sausage.  I had to stop eating it.  I was able to split the open-faced roast beef with my friend.  The gravy was good.  The half-mashed potatos were good.  The roast beef was good.  WHY did the bangers have such a high dosage of this anathemic spice?  Ho Hum.  Will I return?  Yes, I will give Piper's another try; I will just make certain to steer clear of the bangers.
5	I love Piper's for 2 things: brunch and sports. Piper's is the only place I've had boxty, and I probably wouldn't risk trying it elsewhere. This Sunday brunch special is a golden-brown potato pancake folded around a generous pile of eggs, cheese, and sausage. For the best meal, eat it with sides of bacon and horseradish mayo. Round out with a Ploughman's Platter. If you miss brunch, the best bet is to order anything featuring Stilton.Piper's is the place to go during the off season to get your fix of sports enthusiasm. It's got well-placed TVs, plenty of drink choices (scotch to ease those missed goals/rebounds/TDs) and fans aplenty in International soccer jerseys. Because there's always a game to get excited about.
4	I really enjoy this place for the restaurant portion.  It's usually been delicious.  The only bad thing is the unfortunate crowd flow, as the bar is right by the front door.  If it's packed, you will have to front and butt nudge one thousand people to get to the host station.  The bar is not bad, but it can get just way too packed over the weekend.  The Sunday brunch is delicious but guilt inducing, as I guess any bar town brunch should be.
2	Meh.  I'm probably spoiled by The Rover in Louisville and from working in the UK, but I was underwhelmed by Piper's.  Ambiance: They stole the interior of a Denny's to make the place - lots of plywood on the walls in a cheap attempt to simulate wood paneling, and lots of vinyl seating.  Kinda looks like no one involved in decorating this place has ever seen a picture of a Scottish pub.  Hey, I recognize that it's the closest you'll get in Pittsburgh, but that doesn't mean you get points for doing a good job.  If you're running a faux-Scottish/English/Welsh/Irish pub, the ambience is half of the game.  The rest of the it is having good beers and reasonably cheap, hearty comfort food/pub fare.  (Heads up for my review of the food: they fail that part, too.)N.B. They don't put English mustard in the tacky beer carton of condiments on the table; I had to ask for it.  (I should've asked for brown sauce (HP sauce) just to see if they had any.  I'm betting not.)Food:  The entree (toad-in-the-hole) tasted okay, but it was drowned in canned/instant gravy.  I'm happy there's a place here that serves toad-in-the-hole, but it's hardly worth the $16 they charge for it.  (Come on!  It's just four sausages buried in Yorkshire pudding.  It's easier to make than a burger; there's no way it should be over $10.)  The Scotch eggs, at a more reasonable $8, were way overcooked, i.e., burned, and they serve them with Texas Pete hot sauce instead of English mustard.  Service: so-so - the usual, slightly unfriendly service that's the norm for Pittsburgh, but I wouldn't say it was bad.  The hostess was friendly.
4	Loved this place!  As a returned study abroad student who spent a semester in the UK, I've developed cravings for bangers and mash and shepherd's pie every once in a while so I needed to find an authentic British pub!  This was pretty close to it.I got the beef shepherd's pie.  It came with a side salad served with a pumpernickel raisin roll that was still warm and soft from the oven.  The pie itself was great but a little dry.  It also was baked in a shallow plate rather than a casserole dish.  I sampled my friend's bangers and mash plate.  Delicious!  The bangers tasted just the way I remembered them tasting in the wetherspoons of Manchester!The dining area fills up quickly, especially when some of the tables are reserved, but we were able to be seated at the bar. Great service and atmosphere.  Good selection of British/Irish/Scottish beers on tap at a good price. Would've liked to hear some British accents but I hear this place goes crazy during football (British football, that is) matches so that should be fun!
3	Pipers is what it is.  A place to watch soccer.  the food is not very good and the drinks are over priced.  The bartenders and waitstaff are usually friendly.  Some of them a little too friendly!  It's a nice place to enjoy watching Man U kick ass.
4	I was going to be in Pittsburgh for the first World Cup game and Googled where I could catch the game. Piper's Pub came up and friends gave it good reviews so we headed there after my flight arrived. The game was on and there was a great crowd as well. Draft choices were excellent and food was delicious as well. I ordered the shrimp something...I thought it was going to be battered shrimp but it wasn't but still tasted excellent. Definitely would go back next time I'm in town!
5	Great food. I had the special, chicken stuffed with pepper-jack cheese, bacon, and turkey with squash and potato sides and the boyfriend had corned beef and cabbage. Both were excellent. Def will reccommend this place and return soon!
5	Best Pub food you will ever have.Corned beef and cabbage... the best I've ever had.  Tender and full of flavor.Lamb and Smoked Chestnut Shepherd's Pie... Wow!   Absolutely delicious.Portions are huge.For those not drinking alcohol... they serve a delicious root beer on tap.
4	Good food!
5	"Girl brings 2 plates of full English over with plenty of scrambled eggs and plenty of fried tomato!" - The Streets, "Don't Mug Yourself"I've had a full English breakfast in London's East End. It was amazing. It fully lived up to its cultural references in songs (e.g. "Don't Mug Yourself"). But the "full English breakfasts" that I've experienced in America leave much to be desired. Until now. Piper's Pub's brunch is an extraordinarily British experience. First there's the pub itself: soccer on the widescreens, deep oak paneling, a bar stocked with so much Scotch it's mindblowing, and the coup-de-grace: a full English breakfast. A REAL full English breakfast.So overwhelming were the choices that I opted for splitting the raspberry French toast with a buddy. (Do NOT, by the way, pour the inferior Mrs. Buttersworth on this bad boy - just let it soak in the raspberry sauce and slather the whipped cream over it). But I didn't stop there. With my innate portion-control issues, I ordered the full Irish breakfast. Eggs were perfect. Bangers were out-of-this-world. Mashed potatoes were appropriately potato-y - red skins intact! Ham steak was thick and well-seared. Tomatoes were ripe and flavorful. The roll with butter and jam was a delightfully sweet contrast. Good God, this meal was killer in every sense of the world. I probably killed my cholesterol level.So how do I know the full English breakfast was 'real' if I only had the full Irish? I just know, friends. I. Just. Know.  For this brunch, I will willingly break my rigid no-bridge-crossing-for-brunch standard again and again. Nuff said.
5	Coming from an Irish family, I was a bit questioning about a British Isles themed restaurant actually having decent food (sorry Nana). But this place is seriously delicious, and has a good selection of a wide variety of food that just about everyone should be able to find something to eat (not as many vegetarian options but they're certainly available and just as great). The plates are a bit expensive but certainly worth every penny for how much you get and the quality of food, and the sandwiches are around $9 or so and are also big enough for two meals most of the time.this pub is a nice little oasis in the middle of the hell that is Carson Street at night. One of the bartenders, a guy from Ireland, really knows his whiskey and walked me through a pretty good taster of various Irish whiskeys that are hard to find in stores and especially in other local bars. Another time, a different bartender took my fiance downstairs to show him the casks in the basement and how the whole cask beer thing works. Everyone else who works there, from dishwashers to waitstaff and everyone in between, is very friendly which makes for a real CHEERS feeling, a real pub.This is a really fantastic place to go to celebrate something with good food and good drinks (their beer selection is somewhat small, but there's always something good on tap, and all beers I think are $5.37 or something close to that, which is a fair price for most of their selection), or to just come in and relax with a pint after a long day.The Plowman's Platter (an appetizer) is an impressive spread of cheeses, and the only think that might actually be *too much* is the Scotch Eggs, which are worth trying but are pretty crazy.
5	Caveat:  I'm not a huge fan of Irish pubs.  Irish pub food is generally uninteresting to me, and the food usually looks like dull glop on a plate.  Not so at Piper's Pub.  I went for Sunday brunch ~2pm, and the place wasn't at most half full.  They have a great beer selection with a rotating list of good micros, & a special Sunday menu.  We went for Scotch eggs & the Smoked Salmon Boxty.  The eggs took some time but my guess is that they were prepared fresh.  They were good...but I wasn't blown away.  Nothing against Pipers, I just don't think they're my style.  Interesting though.  The Salmon Boxty...it was amazing.  When I go back, I'll likely get the same thing...unlike me, but too delicious to pass up.  It's more than filling so don't order anything besides an appetizer, or you'll feel like a fat kid.  Think of it as a potato/egg omelette...or just look it up on wikipedia for better description.  Seriously though, get it.  Your life may be changed forever.Also make sure to follow them on Twitter; they always announce their daily specials & newest beers on tap.
4	Now, I'm not Irish or anything but I have to believe that Piper's Pub is truly authentic. Yes? We stopped by Piper's on a whim actually. The beau and I were driving around this Pittsburgh neighborhood like tourists and had no idea what we were going to find. After driving past a few uninteresting places, we decided to park and just walk. That's when we saw Piper's Pub. As soon as I walked in I felt comfortable. We sat at the nearest high-top table and ordered some beers. I think the only complaint I have about this place is how long they took to get to us. I know that great beer takes time to settle and true 'tenders wait, but I felt like they were making them from scratch. Honestly though, that one issue wasn't enough for me to think badly of this great pub. As I scrolled the menu for something to eat I was tempted by all the rich, authentic Irish pub grub. Umm, can I haz mashed potatoes plz? Sorry, Cara... no. Instead I ordered their hot turkey sandwich and it was delish! Jason ordered the salmon 'wich and was equally satisfied with his choice. So, thanks again Yelp iphone app and yelpers. You've once again steered a tourist in the right direction. Feel free to utilize my reviews if you're ever in the CLE area. :-D
5	best bloody marys in the 412.  great breakfast with good daily specials (become a friend on facebook to hear 'em every day!).  awesome waitstaff. love piper's...even on st. patrick's day/amateur hour.
4	Great food and reasonable prices.Try the pie's - they are great!!!Awesome beer on tap...
5	Piper's Pub ROCKS!  The bar & restaurant areas have a great, fun atmosphere.  The food is fantastic.  Originally from Pittsburgh, I now visit Piper's every time I come home for the Stilton Stuffed Chicken!  My Mom loves the Portabello Stack, too.  An all around great place.
2	I want to give this place a one star but I dont think it is their problem that I dont like this kind of food-well, not if I'm sober and its 10 AM anyways.  We went in for breakfast, but much to my dismay there were no poached eggs, granola, fresh fruit or yogurt to be seen.  I could have had a burger, but I decided that would start the day in disaster.  I opted for dry toast instead, picked off of Kristen's plate.  All the platters looked really good as lunch food, and they were really authentic, but they need a breakfast menu.
5	Great spot, by far my favorite pub/bar/restaurant in Pittsburgh.Have been here on different visits to the city over the years, latest being a week in March. No lie, I was in town 6 days and probably put in 5 trips to Pipers each time having different food and different beers.The food is outstanding, from the fry ups (ie full English), to the boxtys, on to the salads , specials and the burgers. And we haven't hit the homemade desserts yet - awesome.As a hop head, I fully appreciate a varied and quality beer list. The prices are low for a beer centric pub and selection was interesting. Extra kudos for keeping a couple of cask taps on rotation - a rarity in the US.Final word of note is for the football. A friendly place to watch the game, morning noon or night. Just wish they could guarantee 3 points with your 3 pints :)Other than PNC park, my favorite place to be in town.
5	I waited for a second visit to ensure I could write an adequate review. I mean, one magnificent meal that left my taste buds absolutely singing is one thing. Could they possibly deliver a repeat performance? Do they dare tease my tongue again? ...This is going in an unexpected direction... back to business.All of my friends absolutely adore Piper's and I knew right away the food and beer pairing was going to be hearty and well worth the money I throw down. Neither time have I even been a little disappointed. The meals have flavor which is something I find lacking so often, and there is nothing worse than bland food. They also have substance, half of a shepherd's pie and I'm carrying around not just left overs but a sizable food baby.The interior is on the small side so I've shied away from taking overly large parties there for occasions like my birthday. It's not uncomfortable though and if you wanted to try they may be willing to attempt to accommodate.They have a great beer selection including a lot of local brews, which is sure to keep me coming back to any establishment. I don't think I've ever had a beer I didn't like from there. The wait staff is always prompt and helpful in recommending a beer to try based on what you like.The prices are pretty on par for the quality of food and portion sizes.In short, if you love hearty flavorful meals and great beers, Piper's should definitely be on your list of places to try when in the South Side.
4	Came in here three times during a week long trip because they are a devoted football (soccer) bar.  I was very excited to see multiple Spurs fans in attendance, although losing 4 to nil stung a bit.  On a more serious note, this is a very good bar.   The only food I had was a delicious and gargantuan boxty that was easily sharable between fifteen people.  All three bartenders that served me were very cool, quick, and knowledgeable about the draft beers.  My only complaint was that they had no Power's whiskey.
5	This place reminds me of the great bar I'd go to in Ann Arbor after evening classes in grad school (but without awkward run-ins with underage undergrads who shouldn't have been there in the first place). The ploughman's platter and curry fries were great. It's also very kid-friendly (at least in the afternoon when we visited) and has an interesting kids' menu. It's a fun place to watch the Penguins.
5	Piper's Pub is truly worth the hype! I am in love with food "from across the pond" and have had a difficult time finding a place that accurately portrays the differences between Americanized and genuine English cuisine. I had a very difficult time picking just one entree to eat from the extensive menu, after all, who could pick a favorite child from a full brood. This was also one of the few places within the past year that I actually got excited over trying. The server is very witty, loves his job, had answers to any questions we had, and is Irish. LOVE that accent! The Scotch eggs (I won't describe this palate teaser as many reviewers below describe them accurately) were amazing! Our server explained that they are also served for breakfast with maple syrup. I so badly want to try this breakfast staple and maybe catch a football game (aka soccer to us Yanks) . I ordered the "Toad in a Hole" as described on the menu : Four fresh Local bangers (English sausage) in Yorkshire pudding baked golden brown and covered in our Jameson onion gravy. I can't even find the words to describe how tasty this was! I even had to take some of this home to finish later. The best way to describe the baked Yorkshire pudding is like the thin dough used to wrap a hot dog when making pigs in a blanket, light and airy and crispy. Darren ordered the Shepard's pie with lamb, and OMG, as a Shepherd's pie lover, this was the best I have EVER tasted! I can't wait to go back and try more things! When asked about the unique flavors, our server told us the chef uses sage to flavor the bangers and Shepherd's pie. I think I want to name my first daughter sage!
4	As a Souf Side resident and armed with my goal of eating at every possible destination in my home front, it seemed odd to me that the menu at Piper's had evaded me on so many visits drowning in their robust selection of beer and scotch. In fact, so much scotch that it's a known destination for scotch ... scotch, scotch, down to my belly ... tastings. Anyway, Piper's is great, doesn't matter when you go to eat - the menu offers similar selections for lunch and dinner. It's a vegetarian/pescatarian paradise - I go for the Ploughman's Platter (or Ploughman's wrap, same goodies just all rolled up), the Salmon Platter (good for sharing) and the soups have all been delicious. Seeing the entrees come out is enough to make my mouth water, even if it is a beefy-beefed up Shephard's Pie. Portions are pretty big on everything I've had; enough for a meal+ in most cases. And I usually steer away from describing scene, but it doesn't feel like South Side really (this is most times a good thing); even being nestled so discretely in between our neighborhood Burger King and Primanti's. The all wood interior somehow doesn't feel too dark, and it's a crowd ranging from middle aged dad's sipping the 21 year Glennfiddich at 1:30 in the afternoon and ... well, people like me.
5	If you want a place to watch soccer and not just during the World Cup, why aren't you at Piper's? No matter the league, soccer can usually lbe found playing on at least one of the TVs unless there is a Steelers game.But soccer alone isn't the sole reason to head to Piper's.  They have food that is good at any time of day.  You can also say that about the beer selection as well and that includes several cask-style beers on tapl.I can't add much that hasn't already been said in the other reviews
5	I stopped into Piper's Pub a week or so ago for dinner on a Saturday night. I'm not sure why, but I went into Piper's with a preconceived notion that this was going to be a chainy, manufactured fun style fake Irish Pub. However, my meal and our experience changed my mind. This is just a good place to get great food. The serving sizes are huge, and everything we had tasted great. The only thing I was a bit taken by was the beer prices ($4 for a yunegling bottle is a bit steep.) I will definately be coming back again.P,S. My room mate swears that this is the best fish and chips in all of Pittsburgh.
4	This Irish/Scottish/English pub is a fantastic place on the south side of Pittsburgh. Great craft/import beer selection. 22 Nitro Taps and 4 beer engines for that British Isle flavor. A fan of scotch you say? Then this is the place. While downing a pint counted no fewer than 16 different bottles of the single malt varieties.Atmosphere is relaxed and not to loud (as long as soccer or hockey is not playing).Love soccer? Enter this location during a match and you will find followers of both teams. What have I eaten there? How about Shepard's Pie or Bangers and Mash. Know what Boxty is? They do it with style with rashers (bacon for the uninitiated). Guinness Stew in a bread bowl for that cold winter night.Give then a try, you will not be disappointed.
4	Great pub!  I took a group of business associates to Piper's on a Tuesday night based on Yelp's ratings and was not disappointed.  Great beer and the food was excellent.  I highly recommend the fried zucchini appetizer and the artichoke and red pepper appetizer.  Very good.
5	The best place in the city to watch English or European soccer. They publish their schedule online and even open a little early on some weekends if the matches are early morning.As for the food, it's normal scottish/english food - bangers & mash, etc. On the weekend, they serve boxties, which are Irish potato pancakes. I prefer the cream corn beef boxty but the others are very good as well.Service is pretty fast but get here a little early in the morning on weekends if you want to get a seat as all the futbol heads will take up the seats, esp. if there's an important match going on. (YNWA!)
5	I LOVE Piper's Pub.  I lived right around the corner for 8 years and ate there often.   Frequently I'd get home from work and smell the curry... that would send me scurrying over to get an order of Curry & Chips (fries) to go.The food is almost always excellent.  I've only had one bad experience, but the manager went way above and beyond to make it right.  Out of countless dozens of times eating there, one bad experience can easily be chalked up to everyone has a bad day once in a while.What have we eaten there?We love the Ploughman's Platter.... cheeses, gherkins, apples, bread and chutney... the chutney is AWESOME.Other favorites are the above mentioned Curry & Chips... also the Scotch Eggs.   My son loves the chicken fingers. The Gaelic Four Onion Soup is always delicious.  One of their specials was a Seafood Bisque that was out of this world.The house salad is always crisp and fresh.The burgers always rock... as well as the Reuben, Smoked Turkey, Rachel, English Dip.Irish Breakfast, English Breakfast, Bangers & Mash, Guinness Stew, Cottage Pie,  Beef or Chicken Shepherd's Pie... all awesome.Bacon Wrapped Filet... always cooked to perfection... Stilton Stuffed Chicken... yum... I just noticed I haven't tried the pork chops... Jameson onion gravy... frittered parsnips and mashed root veggies... must try next visit!!All of the portions are very hearty.  Even the kids menu boast very hearty servings of Shepherd's Pie and Cottage Pie.They have a great beer & scotch selection.If you get over there for breakfast or brunch... the Boxtys rock... so does the Belgian French Toast.There's also usually not much of a wait for a table.  Piper's seems to be a well kept secret!
3	At first I was confused.  Is this place Irish/English/Scottish?  I guess its all three which is a bit unauthentic to me.  Irish/English bars are not a common thing.The interior decoration could use some serious work.  Having said that, it was good pub food and I had a great cider.Very excited to read about brunch and soccer.  Will be back.
4	In every town I visit, I manage to find a place that makes me think, "if I lived here, this would be my spot" and Piper's Pub is that. Granted it's the only bar in PIttsburgh I've ever been to, but when it's right you know it. Right?We arrived with a party of seven on Sunday afternoon looking for brunch, it was packed but they got us seated about a Bloody Mary later. Orders up, English and Irish Breakfasts, boxtys, omelettes all around. It's a lot of food but we loved what we got. Excellent beer list (try the Fallen Apple if you can), great Bloodys and while I personally found the Scotch Egg a little dry, they're also like pizza. Even when they're not great, they're still great.The prices are reasonable for that much effort and the environment is welcoming. PP, I'm into you.
5	I am so fond of Piper's. Of all the bar-restaurants on the South Side, this is far and away my favorite. I will admit to you that I pretty much get the same thing to eat every single time I go: a Rachel with fries. I'm almost embarrassed that  I haven't broadened my horizons with regard to the menu in all the years I've been going here, but when a place does something SO right, it's hard to quit. The marble rye that is NEVER soggy, the Swiss that is always melted just right over the turkey, the cole slaw that is creamy dreamy, the Russian dressing that is just the right balance of sweet and sour. Seriously, I am drooling for that sandwich writing this review.I typically go here with my best friend or husband, both of whom get either the Sheppard's Pie or Guinness Stew -- left overs are always taken (if there are any, which, typically there are not). I've been here at least 50 times over the last 9 or so years, I cannot think of a single instance of bad service or food. The biggest disappointment I've ever had concerning Piper's was a few years back and they were closed temporarily because of building issues (flooding, I think) and I couldn't go!
5	They've really got their shiz together!  I can't complain about a single thing!  The service was A+.  Completely attentive and extremely friendly.  Food was excellent!  I hadn't been to Pipers in a while so I felt like I needed another visit to properly review the place.  I got super excited about going there when I tried their Guinness Stew at an event last week so I was set on ordering that because it was so delicious, even in a buffet style!  But then at the last minute changed my mind, being tempted by the Lamb and Smoked Chestnut Shepherd's Pie.  It was so savory!  The Scottish Ale gravy was so thick and tasty and those crispy potatoes on top?  It was like icing on top of a delicious cake!  I am NOT one to forget about the sweet things in life, but this was such a hearty meal that there was no way I could have eaten dessert after such a hearty meal.  Now I can't wait to go back and sample some more delicious meals and have a nice English ale to boot!
5	I can see why 50 other folks love this place! Quite the find. Wholesome, hearty, beefy, Brit-inspired fare. This is rib-stickin' food, my friends. Fries on salads, scotch eggs, proper English AND Irish brekkies served anytime, Guinness stew, shepherd's and their pies, chicken & mushroom pastry...and, a VEGAN BLACK BURGER. Yes, the geniuses behind Piper's Pub though of just about everyone, even the vegans. Well done, well done. Also, a whole mess of sandwiches, etc. Yes, the food is excellent enough to stand on its own, but what truly makes this place shine is the service. As soon as we entered we were greeted warmly, equipped with a wifi password (he saw me checking my phone, checking in of course!) without even asking, plus a story to boot (ask the owner about "Yo Pipes!"). Waters and hot teas arrived swiftly as did menus. Our lunching partners joined us, we all ordered and from start to finish the service was utterly flawless. We had no less than 3 gentlemen taking orders, delivering food, refilling waters, checking on our happiness, etc. All just seemed to totally have their shit together and like being alive. This is rarity in the biz, these guys got it. This place has roots, and one of them seems to be treating guests like proper guestsAnd making them wish they'd worn stretchy pants. On a last second whim, I went with the full English Breakfast. Baked beans, bangers (sausages), 2 eggs over easy and thick cut toast all heaped onto a plate. It arrived in all of its glory, HOT, delicious and exactly what I wanted. It kept me full for approximately 9 hours (the entire drive to NYC) and I consumed about 1/4 of it. This stuff is for REAL. I'd say you might want to think about sharing plates due to the huge portions, but the food is so darned good I just recommend ordering your own and taking home leftovers. It's worth it. The lunch hour was a comfortable busy and I left with a warm, fuzzy feeling. Yes, I was full...but really, Piper's is the bomb. Yo Pipes! Indeed. HUGE lunch for 4, no booze + tip: $60.
4	Been there once and can't wait to go back!  Had the Shepherd's pie...so good for a chilly Pittsburgh day!!!  Also had the curry vindaloo as an appetizer - WOW!  I am not typically a fan of spicy things but this totally rocked!!!!
5	I've never been out of the country, so I'm a sucker for "authentic" places that can make me feel cool.  Piper's Pub makes me feel cool.  The waiter reminded me of Gerard Butler (in accent, not appearance, sorry!) and the menu was a friendly mix of American classics and Irish meals.  Me and my boyfriend both went for the Irish food. My Shepherd's Pie was fantastic, topped by this flakey, beautiful carb-thing that made the dish. Boyfriend said his bangers and mash was lackluster, but I tried it and I called him a liar.  Just needed salt. I ordered a fancy sounding stout and was disappointed to reach the limits of my ability to blend into the Irish dining experience - it was much too bitter and dark for me.  I wasn't able to finish it, but I'm still glad I tried it.We went when it was pretty busy, and I would've loved to ask the waiter questions about the beer, but he was running around like a crazy man.  Oh well, I guess their job is to serve, not to entertain a beer-novice's questions.
4	Now that I have a little bit of faith in America's ability to produce a few good British restaurants, I'm determined to try as many as possible. My husband and I ate at Piper's Pub on a Tuesday night between Christmas and New Years, and it turned out to be perfect cold-weather comfort food. Our recent method is to order a palette of different dishes to share, and it was some tough deciding with Piper's huge menu. We at last chose the fish & chips with a side of curry sauce, Welsh vegetarian sausages and the Gaelic four onion soup. I was also tempted by the full English breakfast but will have to try it next time.The fish & chips were good but definitely more American style. The vindaloo sauce was great with the chips but at medium too hot for my dulled tastebuds after living in Oklahoma for half a year. The Welsh sausages were new to me, so I can't speak for their authenticity, but they were delicious and served with a sweet apple chutney that complemented the savoriness quite well.The onion soup was by far my favorite, described as "caramelized leeks, scallions, red and white onions de glazed with English Pale Ale and finished with a Stilton cheese-crusted crouton." I can honestly say I tasted a hint of everything in that list, unlike many restaurants that exaggerate with descriptions. Even the little bit of Stilton cheese on top was memorable!The drinks menu was extensive, with an entire list of Pennsylvania draughts. Our server was warm and friendly, and he got us out of there in record time when we mentioned we were running a bit late for the Penguins game at Consol.Definitely a new cold-weather favorite.
5	Have you ever read the book (or seen the film) "Alive"? You know, where the rugby team crashes in the Andes, and while freezing to death, they are forced to eat their dead in order to survive?Well, I think that rugby team should probably have just brought along Piper's Pub's Lamb and Smoked Chestnut Shepherd's Pie. Because it is the absolute perfect winter meal, and then they could've avoided that whole cannibalism thing. For only about $10 at Piper's, you'll get a huge, hearty serving of the most rich, flavorful, lamb stew you've ever had, topped with crispy potatoes, and filled with even more. This one delicious, piping-hot bowl will sustain you for days. If you eat the whole thing, I promise you won't even have any room left for the guy who was sitting in 7C.
4	Went here with a group of friends because we had heard from someone that they have the best burger in town. So of course a bunch of us ordered the Pub burger with Stilton cheese and bacon. It wasn't one of the best burgers I've ever had, but it was pretty good. Crispy on the outside, moist, flavorful - I just wish it were less well done and a little juicier in the middle. Fries were just OK. BUT the Scottish ale gravy on the lamb sheperd's pie had some definite wow factor. I would come back just for that dish.
4	Zucchini curry is great.  I might just really like pubs, but the vibe here is perfect...
5	I PROMISE you, you'll love the food and the atmosphere in this place. It's a bar, very casual, and there's 'football' on TV (known as soccer to us). If you get Tommy as your server, you'll have a great experience and you'll get good food recommendations from him. Good beer selection, and for apps the Scotch Eggs and Red Pepper and Artichoke Dip are great! I went with a group of friends and we all ordered something different so we can taste as much as possible. Bar none the best things we ordered were the Lamb and Smoked Chestnut Shepherd's Pie, and the Chicken and Mushroom Pie. Come hungry because the plates are HUGE. I'm definitely going to become a regular here.
5	Love me some Pipers! Best fish sandwich in the city.  I also love that you have Helltown on tap!
4	Excellent British food, exceeded our expectations (and I'm half British so I know good authentic British food). Portions were very generous (two adults could easily split the fish and chips), but beer was expensive (2 local beers for $11.50) and the lighting was a bit dim. I had the chicken and mushroom pie and it was DELISH! Highly recommend if you need a British food fix and can't get across the pond...
3	After reading all of the beaming reviews on this place and checking out the (frequently upkept) website, I took my parents here for Sunday brunch.I got the fish and chips. The fish itself was great, but not as hot and crisp as it could have been. It'd probably been sitting under the lamps for too long. The fries were the same bland frozen fry you'd get at any other restaurant in existence, which was disappointing. My dad really enjoyed his huge open face beef sandwich, and my mom found the banger sandwich bland with too much bread. Mashed potatoes were great, and so was the whiskey gravy.Everyone's right about the 4 onion soup. Get it. It's amazing. I could've used more cheese crouton, but I'm also a glutton. I tried a bite of the coleslaw, flavorless. And I think there was something wrong with their tap system when we came in. Our Harp had no head, and neither did the Guinness at the next table. Not okay. I can appreciate that their website has an updated beer and whiskey list with prices. And that they don't go too far with the theme. And giant portions for reasonable prices. It was a 'miss' this time, but I'd love to come back again and try the shephard's pie or the Guinness stew. Hopefully they can poor a proper pint next time around.
1	Went there on an early Tuesday evening. Service was slow. My husband's sherpars pie was overcooked and loaded with pepper. My fish & chips were almost burnt. I had to ask for drink refills and dessert was never offered. I went here because of the great reviews but I won't be back.
5	Stopped by while in Pittsburgh for work, and while many items on the menu caught my eye, I couldn't get past the lamb and roasted chestnut shepherd's pie. In retrospect, a huge plate of meat and potatoes wasn't the ideal meal to order on a sweltering summer evening, particularly since the dish comes straight off the broiler to you and is guaranteed to raise the temperature of your table 20 degrees. While I can't say that the chestnut flavor was strong, the entire dish was well seasoned, hearty, and completely delicious. And for under $10, it's a lot of food for your dollar. I also appreciated the beer selection and thought the atmosphere was cozy.  Great place!
4	Morning Drinker? Well, this is the place to go.. They open early during the weekends.The service is pretty good. They have great Breakfast (try the english or the irish) and offer some good selection of beer.Would definitely go back again!
4	This a favorite place for friends and I to hang out.  The food is delicious if you're looking for something light and fluffy though, I wouldn't suggest eating here.  While they have a fantastic selection of draft brews, I must say my favorite draft of theirs is their root beer.  MMM mmm MMM.  How many places have root beer - on draft?  None that I know of - and it's delicious.  Everyone should try it.  Their pot pie is pretty splendid as well.
4	If you live in pgh and haven't been to pipers, you are a jagoff. There are a few hit or miss items, but when it's on it's on @ pipers.
5	Great place.  No real complaints ever at Pipers.  A great beer and whisky list and their pub burger is amazing.  Do yourself a favor and go to Pipers for a futbol game and enjoy the potent potables and good food.
3	My boyfriend and I came here for dinner. We have read good things about this place and were really looking forward to it. The atmosphere was great and the server was nice; though she was the only one working so the service suffered. I ordered the chicken shepard's pie and my boyfriend ordered the beef shepard's pie. Our food did not come out for at least 30 minutes but it was nice and hot when it came. My dish was thicker with less gravy and my boyfriends dish was filled with gravy. Other than missing the gravy they both tasted good. Even though this experience was average,  I might give it another go because I have read such good things!
4	Cozy pub with some traditional Irish fare on the menu.
5	A really nice place to find good food.  The staff was pleasant and knowledgeable about the menu and took the time to tell us about the various dishes.  Will go there again the next time I'm in the 'Burg.
4	This place was a whim for us and 4 friends of ours who met in town for a wedding and it was a wonderful choice, they had many vegetarian options which is always a plus and makes me like a place even more, first things first, the service was amazing! He was recommending beers for us right off the bat and they had a huge selections, if you didn't know what you wanted, he would bring you a favorite of his and it was always delicious. I ordered the fish and chips of course, it's a pub and it was wonderful, crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. Highly recommended
3	I wanted to love this place based on the awesome reviews. I really did. We came here for my birthday back in June, and I was pretty pumped to get the shepherd's pie since I became pretty obsessed with it in London and previous reviews said they had good stuff here. It was a huge portion, and I was surprised by how big was. The flavor, however, was bland and nothing like I expected. My partner in crime had bangers and mash and had no complaints. The experience was so-so, and without a flavorful shepherd's pie to lure me in, I don't think we'll be back. I was really hoping for an authentic shepherd's pie, but alas, didn't find it here.
4	Sunday brunch here is a definite WIN.  If you've never had boxty, go here and try it!  Imagine an omelet incased in potato pancake.  Brilliant!  The atmosphere is a bonus, too.  Football (not the 'Merican kind) fans watching games all morning and afternoon.  You won't feel strange at all about ordering an IPA at 10:00am with your brunch.  Then finish brunch off right with an Irish Coffee. Also a generally great bar to stop by for a beer most nights (can get a bit crowded on weekends, though).  Oh, and get some Scotch eggs while you're there!
4	I have heard good things about this place so I had to give it a try. My friends and I went there for lunch and got seated right away. We received our drinks and ordered promptly. That's about the last thing that happened promptly. Our food took about 30-45 minutes to come out and once we finished, in a hurry to get back to work, we had to wait a good 20-30 minutes to get the check. It seemed we were on the tale end of lunch so everyone was running around doing other things other than getting our check so we can get out. Lunch from sitting down to leaving was more than 1.5 hrs which is a little long in my opinion.Okay now that I got that out of my system let me say that I had the Open Face Roast Beef Sandwich and it was the best open face gravy soaked sandwich I have ever had. The roast beef was tender and soft and the gravy had a really good flavor. They had a very good beer selection and they have the largest selection of Scotch I have ever seen. It's impressive! To say the least. The downside to pipers is that the selection and good food comes at a cost. They rarely have specials or good happy hour specials so be prepared to pay full price for everything on tap and on the menu. I give them 4 Stars despite their service because I feel the poor service was a fluke and their beer and Scotch selection is pretty epic. That combined with the delicious food and it's a winning combination.
3	If I lived here in Pittsburgh I would probably frequent this place. Really good comfort food and a full service bar. This seems like a place you come where everybody knows your name.I like those kinds of places.The reviews match my experience here, a definite must if you're in the area.
3	THE FOOD IS DELICIOUS!!!! Oh. WOW. Yes. The food is a tasty treat. I got the Toad in the Hole and it's in the running for my last meal.Beer selection is also delicious. I love that they have 5-6 beers on cask. There is enough variety to please beer drinkers of all shapes and sizes.So, why the 3 stars? Oh, because it took 90 minutes for our food to come. It got pretty frustrating watching people sit down after us, eat, and pay the bill as we sat and twiddled our thumbs. We actually didn't twiddle- we drank. And got drunk before the food came. Classy.Our server was a nice dude- he took 10% off the bill... but I'm pretty sure he forgot to put our food in.Ultimately, I WILL be back because this place is the cutest. I am sure I'll have a better experience next time.
5	I am so beside myself ALL THE TIME that I can't find anything that can compare to a Piper's boxty in Wisconsin or Ohio. Every single morsel of food I've EVER put into my mouth at Piper's has been pure heaven. We're only in town for occasional family visits, but we make it an absolute point to stop in to Piper's. Even if we have to fight the throngs of soccer fans during a match.The craft beer! The scotch!! THE BOOOOXXXTYYY.See y'all on Christmas eve.
4	I love this place! Some friends and I scheduled an informal whiskey tasting, and the bartender put together a flight for us. He was very knowledgeable about the background/flavors, and was happy to take the time to share his wealth of information. We had people of all different levels of experience, and everyone seemed to enjoy it equally. We also all enjoyed our food. I got the New York Strip Streak special which came with a demi-glaze. It was pretty good, as were the brussels sprouts and mac & cheese that came on the side. The portion was huge, but I was still tempted by the bread pudding for dessert, and it was AMAZING. It came with lots of raisins and was perfectly moist all the way through.It looks like it would be a fun spot to grab a drink on the weekends too, and I've heard great things about the brunch. I'll update the review once I try it!
5	One of my favorite bar/restaurants in Pittsburgh.  I always find a seat at the bar and the service is always great.   The scotch eggs are out of this world!! The beer selection is outstanding and although I love the scotch eggs .. there are many other menu items that are just mouth watering such as the turkey sandwich with dill mayo.. oh my..   lets go now!Love Pipers Pub!
5	Excellent Irish pub. Great beer selection and great food, including weekend brunch.  Unfortunately I went in the middle of a soccer game and apparently this is where all the soccer fans in Pittsburgh go to watch!  So I had to wait over an hour for a table but it was worth it.  I was a little frustrated people were just sitting at the tables not ordering anything to watch the game while my friend and I were actually there to order food, but it seemed to be a special event and probably not typical.  Awesome scotch eggs and boxty.  The atmosphere is also your typical Irish pub.
3	I came here for brunch a week or so ago and was pleasantly surprised! The options were diverse and everyone seemed to like what they ordered.  I ordered the french toast, which was a quite a large portion and prepared quite well.  I would highly recommend Piper's if you're on the Southside looking for brunch.
3	I came here after reading that Piper's Pub serves Cask Ales. The beer menu is a little confusing; the cask ale was listed at the top followed by a group of four ales followed by a larger group of options. It wasn't clear why the menu was segregated the way it was, but the number of options was quite impressive; however, I was disappointed that they did not have Tennent's considering that Piper's is supposed to be a Scottish Pub.I ended up trying the Duck-Rabbit Milk Stout. The stout didn't seem to have very strong chocolate malts which is what I look for when ordering a stout. (The rating I am awarding Piper's Pub does not reflect how I feel about the stout). When the stout was served it had absolutely no head; I understand Piper's prides itself on not having sparklers, but stouts should be served with a small head.As for food I ordered chicken fingers. Again, I was disappointed not to see Haggis - a staple of Scottish cuisine. The chicken fingers were fine; however, not that I have read a few of the Yelp review, I will be more inclined to order a British dish next time. The menu did not indicate that the British (predominantly English) dishes were the house's specialty.On the positive side, our waitress was very attentive.  I will certainly give Piper's another chance during which I will order a British dish and a cask or lighter draught ale.
5	Ballast point on tap. Great food and knowleable servers.
4	My review of Piper's is going to be short and sweet.  I've ate and drank here countless times and I've never had a bad meal or experience.  Their mix of traditional pub grub and more authentic dishes have always been tasty and satisfying.  The food is always served piping hot and the service has always been pleasant.  The sheppard's pie is delicious and my personal favorite on the menu along with the scotch eggs.  With great draft beer on tap and a lack of wall to wall people on Friday or Saturday I find myself coming back quite often.
4	We visited on a recent Sunday afternoon.  We got a cozy booth in the back and was greeted right away by our friendly server.  Everyone here is very welcoming.  BJ was very excited by the beer selection.  Having absolutely no sense of adventure here, I opted for the Shrimp and Chips.  They were surprising good, 6 super big beer-battered shrimp served with yummy French fries.  I loved my meal.  The ever most adventuresome BJ ordered Corned Beef and Cabbage.  It was perfected cooked, the cabbage was the correct about of doneness.  Yes, I sampled BJ's meal.  We shared a Bread Pudding for dessert.  It was made from Italian bread.  It was served overly hot, but it was delicious.  We will definitely be back for another try.
5	I will make this brief.   This is not just the best Scottish pub in Pittsburgh, this might be the best pub / bar / restaurant in Pittsburgh - period. FOODLove the scotch eggs but the cardiologist said to only have these once a decade.  Stilton and Rasher salad is incredible.  Pub burger is the BEST!  Reuben and Fish & Chips are excellent.  Open face roast beef on italian bread covered with a dark/rich whisky onion gravy and a side of half-mashed red potatoes = ultimate comfort food.  So many other great options - you cannot go wrong!DRINKLove the beer list.  There is a focus on imports but they also have a dozen or so excellent PA craft beers on the list.   This place takes everything that they do seriously - the beer tastes fresh and the lines are clean.  If you are a fan of scotch whiskey, the list at Piper's Pub cannot be beat - http://piperspub.com/scotch/SOCCER / FOOTBALLFans of the beautiful game rejoice - you have found your home at Piper's Pub.  This place is packed during the big games and they get satellite feeds beyond ESPN and Fox Soccer Channel.   Every once in a while, I get my boys out of school early and we throw on the EPL jerseys and we go catch an afternoon game at Piper's Pub with other raving lunatic fans.  This place is worth a 2 hour drive if you are not in the Pittsburgh area.Definitely deserving of 5 stars.  Love it!
5	HOO-RAY for boxee Sunday's This place is great but can get SO packed.Pipers really has moved up in the world and is now crowded all the time.  It's worth it though.  The food is excellent, staff always good and the beer and drinks are reasonable.Go on Sunday for brunch.
4	When I'm looking for Fish n Chips, a good Scotch, tasty brew, or authentic Scottish/Irish delicacies, I make my way to Pipers Pub.  This is not your "college student" venue on the Southside, so you don't have to worry about being bombarded with the drunks.  Its a nice break away from the Carson Street Crazies.  Whether you're in there for a pint, bangers and mash, or to catch a game (there's always some form of sports on the TVs), you'll be yet another satisfied customer and come back again and again.  Cheers!
3	The food here for Sunday brunch will not disappoint. I had the smoked salmon boxty and really liked it. Portions are huge. The service was not great, but is to be expected at these spots. Go for Sunday brunch with the right company, and you'll have fun.
4	I've visited at least a hundred pubs from the East coast all the way to Hawaii and Piper's is in my top 3 of all time.Every time I have visited the bartender has been friendly and most importantly, knowledgeable about their food and the beer.  Their beer selection is amazing.  They emphasize quality over quantity and for me, they get it right.  I appreciate that they go out of their way to always feature about a dozen PA breweries.  I love that.The food is so far beyond typical pub fare that that it's hard to compare to anyone else.  The quality is incredible.  The Scotch Eggs ($7.95) are a transcendental experience.  Of course it may be they last experience you ever have as you are whisked off to the ER to have a Roto-Rooter job on your arteries.Try either the beef or chicken Shepherd's pie ($9.95) and be prepared to moan with delight.  As you can see from the prices there is no need to take out a second mortgage to visit here.  It's really quite reasonable.  The number choices available for food on Carson Street are phenomenal but much of it is average at best.  Visit Piper's and you'll enjoy some of the finest casual food on the South Side.
4	Bloody Mary was awesome. We went for brunch and I had the American breakfast, the potatoes were awesome. Hubby had French toast, it was such a large portion he ate almost the whole thing cause it was so good.  Can't wait to go back and get the fish and chips. Took awhile to get our food, that's why only 4 stars.
5	Authentic pub, good eats, good drinks, televisions with soccer, rugby, and Pittsburgh sports.  Opens stupidly early on weekends, so that they can catch European sports live.  When they're open early on weekends, they have a terrific brunch; please, please, please try the boxty brunch here.  (Fried hashbrown potato pancake stuffed with other delicious foods.)One of the best bars in the city; if I was picking a top-five, this would be in.
4	One of my favorite places on the South Side.  The food is original.  I usually get the Stilton Stuffed Chicken,  it takes time and the server lets you know this. The tatse is outstanding,  it's always piping hot. My companion usually gets the New York Strip Steak,  it's a great price for such a big steak.  Everyone is friendly.  Worth trying!
3	When I see any kind of "Pub", my antennae raise.  I've been to so many "Authentic" Irish/British Pubs that have disappointed. It ain't enough to serve Guinness and Corned Beef. Then again, I've never been over to Blighty or the Emerald Isle, so I don't have a  reliable point of referance. But I DO have a pretty good bullshit detector, and I know a good place from a bad one. Piper's is DEFINITELY a GOOD one.A little different, 'cos it's a SCOTTISH pub. I was comforted by seeing the extensive collection (one whole side of the long back-bar) of Scots Whisky. I was kinda pissed the nature of the luncheon precluded partaking in the smoky goodness of a wee nip-but as I am planning a return trip to Pitts, I will catch up.The Menu had all the stuff you'd expect to find, although no haggis.  I had their version of "Toad In the Hole" which was a dish of Bangers in Yorkshire Pudding.  This had "Me" all over it. I like Bangers and I like Yorkshire Pudding.It was advertised as coming with a Whisky-Onion Gravy, which I asked for on the side, as I also ordered a cup of the "Hot Curry Sauce" offered on other dishes.The plate was attractive-4 nice fat sausages in a remarkably light surrounding shell of Yorkshire Pudding. Both gravies/sauces were very very tasty. This shit didn't come frozen-SOMEONE who knew their way around a kitchen was doing their job, and doing it well. I was very very pleased.My companions had Fish and Chips, and a Steak Salad, both of which were substantial in size and appetizing in appearance. I would have been satsified with either one, but I'm glad I swung with the Bangers. I gave a momentary eye to the  Smoked Salmon Boxty, but sausages always win...Pub food isn't my usual choice, but I'd come back here in a heartbeat, and I intend to.
5	Where has Piper's Pub been all of my life!  This one establishment completely makes up for the bombardment of crappy faux-Gaelic pubs throughout the Pittsburgh region that are plague by bad service, poor food, and lame gimmicks.Piper's is the kind of place you can find refuge at 11pm on a Friday or Saturday night from the chaos that is the South Side.  Walk in, grab a seat at the bar, and have a conversation at a reasonable volume with your good friends over a fantastic draft selection.If you're hungry, you're in for a treat.  Try anything on the "over the pond" section of the menu, and you're sure to be pleased.  On the rare occasion I gain the courage to move past the Lamb and Smoked Chestnut Shepard's Pie, the Guinness Stew and the Bangers and Mash both present delicious alternatives.Bachelor party dinner, father's day dinner, or an evening out with your friends, Piper's pub represents the one-size-fits-all multi-tool of food and beer pleasure.
5	Great British pub foodI felt I was in England
2	Don't like to be the person to go against popular opinion but this place is only ok. There's no real atmosphere there. The food is decent and I've had the brunch a few times. I think I'd like it a lot more if the drinks weren't so expensive.
5	Been here a few times. All the food I tried was great and the staff was really nice. Huge variety of drinks!
4	This place is great! The food tastes like it is homemade and I get to watch soccer at the same time so that's a plus. I have gotten the beef Shepard's pie, Chicken Bap, Beef Stew, and the Fish sandwich. I also have to say that the French fries are to die for! I would say that this place is one of the best in the south side for food and drinks.
5	It is hard not to say the same thing that hasn't already been said. The folks at this establishment really know how to put together great food and good atmosphere. Beer selection is really good. Whisky selection is fantastic. Wait staff and bartenders are very good as well. They genuinely want to be there. This is my new favorite spot to eat when I am in Pittsburgh.
5	Great place and they are what got me to start eating Shepherds Pies. I highly recommend. Also, the service is great.
3	I enjoyed this little spot because I've never been to an Irish pub before. Unfortunately I was on my vegetarian diet so I could try any of their meat dishes. I ended up getting a salad which is well, just a salad. They had a good selection of beer tho. I love stouts so they had a couple to choose from for me. The interior is kinda dimly lit except for the tables which each have their own lamps. It was a family friendly environment with booths and tables as well as bar seating. i believe they had Tv's at the bar and one tv located in the dining section.There's not much more i can say about this place seeing that my experience wasn't outstanding but just good service. Maybe ill try it again in the future since i am eating meat again.
1	Nothing stays the same! My dad always told me that but with the pub it really went down. As loyal customers for years we came to get our favorite dishes, smoked Salmon trio, across the pond steak dinner, and shepherds pie. Only to find the menu changed because the dishes "were too labor intensive and the other ones were a matter of numbers" even though before the steak special was always sold out! Now they have sandwiches and lots of mexican dishes, who wants their new menu items black bean soup, tacos and dirty rice ect.  at a pub? Compared to exquisite authentic pub dinners that are not nearly as good. The shepherds pie had raw extremely pink ground lamb that was inedible! Needless to say we will not go back, they still have a great bar selection but don't go for dinner! All good things truly do come to an end...especially for Pipers Pub.
3	Piper's is satisfactory in some ways and excellent in others. For instance, if your thing is waking up at 8am on a Saturday to stand around a bar and watch Premiership matches until 2pm, you probably already know, there's no better place to do so in Pittsburgh.If you're at home on the South Side, you'll enjoy the vibe here. Personally, for a British-style pub, I'd like the entire place to have as much character as its entryway. Throw in some drab green carpet and trough-style urinals if that's what it takes.The pub fare here is good as well. The portions they dole out are substantial which is great if your hungry/hungover -- as many tend to be -- but overwhelming and potentially disastrous if you're of the mind to moderate your consumption. I've eaten here a handful of times, but nothing has stuck out to me enough to comment on specifically.
4	Do you enjoy footy?  Do you enjoy fried food and a virtual journey to the British Isles?  Look no farther than Piper's Pub.  Come in on a weekend afternoon and there will be no shortage of people wearing random jerseys catching the latest Arsenal versus Liverpool showdown (or perhaps Aston Villa v. Man City, who knows!)  Football, Ale, and Fish n Chips sum up this place and it's the best selection/version of each one can hope for around these parts.  Hear there's a chip shop opening up next door soon but no word yet as to when...
2	My most recent visit here wasn't one to rave about. It was extremely loud inside. There was a group of about eight people say directly behind us and we basically had to yell at each other just have a conversation.For Friday night the place wasn't too busy but they had a good decent number of people there. I ordered some cabbage with mashed potatoes and my hubby ordered the tiki masala curry dish. I didn't like my cabbage although the mashed potatoes were pretty good, the cabbage was just way too hard I like mine to be a little bit softer like the kind you get at whole foods but this was still crunchy and had absolutely no flavor to it. The masala was just okay too it was very spicy to be just a mild and didn't have any seasoning in it so it kind of just tasted like you were eating hot peppers.I had my family with me and they ordered fried zucchini for an appetizer. And my younger niece she ordered chicken fingers with fries. The chicken batter have absolutely no seasoning in it and it was like eating plain chicken. I'm sorry to say that I probably won't be going back here. Most of the food was just to bland for my taste even the fried food didn't have that delicious buttery taste to it. Sorry but Pipers pub gets only two stars from me.
5	Although Pipers is more well known for its scotch selection and Scottish cuisine it has some of the best VEGAN food in Pittsburgh! Their seitan wings with vegan buffalo sauce and vegan ranch are amazing. The also have several vegan meal options and usually a vegan special as well. They have a great microbrew selection and have strongbow on tap which is always a plus. The secret it out now, come have some awesome vegan food and a cider at Pipers. You won't be disappointed. The crowd is fun yet more mature so you won't have to deal with the  belligerent bros that you encounter at most South Side establishments, too.
5	My family and I were back in town for a Steelers game, and visited Pipers's afterwards. I had been a couple times before, and even thought the place was hopping with the after game crowd...this place exceeded expectations!Our server, though busy, was attentive and helpful. The beer was great. And the food? Fantastic! All four of us loved out meals. Highly recommended!
5	I practically live here, and with good reason.  The service is fast and friendly with servers and bartenders being very attentive.  I'm also seated quickly every time. I've sat at the bar, high tables in the front and booths in the back with all seating being equally comfortable and not a bad spot in the house!  Music is kept at a comfortable level and the tvs are always on [silently].  Now let me tell you, I am probably one of the pickiest eaters on the planet so I stick to three things here - chicken tenders, mashed potatoes, and their chimichurri flat iron steak.  Even when this place is packed, food always comes out quickly and is hot and fresh. The chicken tenders are hand battered and come out golden with just the right amounts of pepper and crisp.  I choose the bbq sauce for dipping, but the honey mustard is also excellent.  The potatoes are a staple.  Half-mashed redskin potatoes piled high, always delicious and complement any dish on the menu.  The Chimichurri Flat Iron Steak is a new addition, replacing the previous steak.  I was pretty sad to see the original menu change, but boy do I LOOVE this new steak.   It was my first time trying chimichurri and I think it's quite amazing, which means a lot coming from such a picky eater.  Cooked to order and perfect every time [I get mine mid-rare]. Now let's talk drinks.  I'm not the kind of girl who wants all the chaos and drunken blabberings of most other people's Saturday nights, so when I want to go out but not deal with all of that jazz I'm at Piper's.  I'm not a personal fan of scotch but boy do they have a selection! And it's all very reasonably priced; many things are a fraction of the price of other places.  Plenty of beer on tap, too.  I usually stick to Arsenal or Strongbow cider while my buddy usually gets the Wells Banana Bread. Bottom line: This is definitely a spot where you can feel right at home.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Piper's Pub! This is one of my favorite places in Pittsburgh, and my sister has to go here every time she visits. We love the Shepherd's Pie (I go for the beef version, and she loves the chicken). You can't go wrong with any dish here, though. I've had the English Breakfast (though never actually for breakfast!), the Vindaloo Curry (make mine spicy!), the corned beef, and many other dishes. I've never, ever disliked anything. My husband raves about the Guinness stew and the fish sandwiches. The chicken fingers are even awesome and the best I've ever had! Go here! You won't be disappointed!
5	Holy cow is this good. Good fresh food, great portions, good price. Certain foods take longer than others because they make it on the spot. You can wait a little bit. Have a Fullers e.s.b. , this is one of the few places in Pittsburgh that has it on draft . Typically I get the banger sandwich, the salads are great, English and Irish breakfast. My father inlaw is a Boston cop, and the BLT had almost too much bacon for him. Too many scotches to pick from.
5	Love this place!  Very good pub grub, and a great place to take a date who has been looking for an experience outside of the norm!  Bangers and Mash are the best I have ever had, and Toad in the Hole is awesome!  Scotch Eggs?  You can feel your arteries hardening!  Dinner here is a special treat!
5	I have been looking for good British food in Pittsburgh for almost as long as I've been here... and I found it.I stopped in on a Saturday night for the (extensive) Scotch selection but stayed for the Chicken and Mushroom Cottage Pie. If it's any indication of the rest of their traditional British menu, I don't know why you'd go anywhere else. It was flavorful, filling, and all around delicious.Bartender Cortney knows his Scotch, too, which is very helpful considering their gigantic selection. They have half of their back bar dedicated to single-malt goodness.It's also worth noting that, for a South Side Saturday night, the place was not packed and filled with the usual stereotypes. It is largely a restaurant, of course, but the environment is very classy. Seems like it might keep the annoying crowds at bay a little.All said, I wish I could live here. I'll be back.
5	Piper's is one of those places that can only be described with words like "amazing" and "incredible". The food is always stellar, the ambiance is welcoming and downright fun when the soccer games are on. Really, you can't beat this place. Word of caution: Walk in with a game plan. The appetizers and entrees are amazing, but if you miss dessert you're going to deeply regret it. I still drool over the thought of the chocolate mousse I had there nearly a year ago. It changed me.
5	My husband and I have eaten here twice. Both times I got their Sunday roast beef special and both times I was extremely happy. The only gripe I had was that my brussel sprouts the second time weren't cooked as long they were the first time. Regardless, we both had an equally great experience both times. They have a great beer selection. I didn't get beer the first time; my husband got Guinness. The second time I got Murphy's Irish Stout and my husband got a Scottish ale- both equally good. We shared them. The atmosphere is very nice. The bar crowd is at the front half and the restaurant towards the back. There is a sporty atmosphere, but the bar crowd tends to stay separate. We would love to get dessert next time, but both times we were so full on our entrees and beer there was just no more room. We will definitely be going back.
4	I returned here for some drinks and had a great experience. The beer menu is very clear now. There are different headings for the cask ales, Pennsylvania beers, and the other available beers on tap which makes it easy to pick one out. Unfortunately, there isn't much more information about the beers on the menu than what I already mentioned.I opted for a cask ale (specifically, the Flying Dog Doggie Style Pale Ale), and it was so fresh! Just delicious. I followed that up with a pint of Troeg's Nugget Nectar (one of my favorite beers which is available for a limited time during the year). Again it was so fresh! Their tap system also keeps the beer well chilled.I'm so glad I gave Piper's another chance!
5	This is truly a gem on Carson if you want a properly built Guinness or are in the mood for another finely crafted beer. I have brought several friends here since being introduced to the place about 6 months ago. The food is amazing. The staff is friendly, helpful, and efficient. I have yet to eat a meal there that I could finish because the portions are so generous! Either that or because of the fact that I stuff myself with the amazing Scotch eggs every time. Their beer selection is wide and ever changing, which I love. I don't think I can say enough good things about it! Its truly becoming a favorite of mine!
4	what great food the fish and chips are some of the best I have had in a long time... banana nut bread beer is awesome!
4	A great location w English and Irish classics and also quite w few twists! The menu is really creative, surprisingly has a good amount of vegetarian options also. Good beer list and great service. Ill definitely be back.
5	Ate dinner here this evening with some coworkers ( I am from out of town).  Several of my coworkers highly recommended Piper's Pub and for good reason.  While there are several commendable qualities, the best by far was the meal.  I had the Guinness Beef Stew; it was awesome.  The beef was mouth melting tender.  The crusty brioche bun was soft in the inside and soaked up the stew flavors nicely.It is an English pub so the place is noisy but in a good way.  It is old school pub atmosphere...very nice.  Dinner was very reasonably priced...paid $10 for the beef ste....it was easily worth $13 to $15.
5	There are a few things in life I will never compromise. My word, my family, and my beer. I'm about as big a beer snob as it gets. Not being from the area, I wanted a great place where the atmosphere reminds me of the Isles. I was not disappointed. Piper's Pub is the kind of bar my Irish friends would walk into and feel like home. The whiskey bottles are too numerous to count, the beer list is extensive, and the food doesn't get more authentic. On the front window, a time sheet of football games is always listed - I only regret not being there on a game day to cheer on one of my clubs. The Shepherd's Pie was perfectly done with lamb, which is the only way it should be done. For the non-alcohol crowd, there is an actual draft root beer. The bartender was extensively knowledgable of his entire menu. And the best part? Bud Light and Miller Lite were not on tap, and I'm certain that the bartender would tell anyone that ordered one to either drink a real beer or get the hell out. I'm not from Pittsburgh, but this place would be the perfect excuse to stop in on a road trip.
5	Being gluten intolerant, I was a little apprehensive about ordering a burger here (sans the bun). The staff was very accommodating and convinced me I could have the Black Watch burger gluten-free. Sweet goodness. They make some mean burgers here. The medium rare patty coupled with aioli sauce, smoked bacon, and an egg to top it off, was delicious. I finished my burger, which is saying a lot cause it was HUGE (especially for a small 5'3" woman). Might've been overkill, but no regrets here. My friend loved her shepherd's pie. She still talks about it too this day (it has been a month) and wants to go back. The service here was excellent. The waiters were extremely friendly and hardworking. We were impressed.If you are ever in Pittsburgh, go to Piper's Pub.
4	This place is always packed on a Friday or Saturday night (I've been given 2+ hour wait times on multiple occasions), but it's not very hard to see why.  The business which makes it difficult for a group is caused by the things that make it so attractive to a group.First, it's simply a nice place to hang out.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable (if a bit slow sometimes); the decor is nice and on-theme; and the crowd is a far cry more mature and diverse than what comes to mind when you mention "South Side Bar" to your average Pittsburgher.Second, the food isn't just your usual bar food.  That fare is available, but they also have a lot of options from across the pond--Scottish and British specialties, many with a North American accent.  Not every item on their extensive menu is a winner, but once you figure out what you like, you'll get far more hits than misses.Third, if you're a fan of single malt Scotch whiskies, this is easily one of the best bars in the county to explore the category.  The entire whisky list is great, but the offerings from Scotland are without equal (at least among all the bars I've been to or heard about in and near Pittsburgh--the selection is also bigger than that of any single liquor store I've been to in the state).So check out Piper's, but please, not all at once and preferably not when I'm going there.  It's too crowded already.  Don't make me regret this review.
5	GREAT FOOD! This old fashion English pub has the perfect old fashioned food. The fries are specifically made to be crispy and perfectly salted on the outiside and nice and soft on the inside. All sandwiches are served on amazing soft fluffly bun they call baps. These buns are made by soaking them in a butter solution and letting them dry and not letting them be too greasy. If anyone who reads this goes to this pub ask for Christy as your waitress. She is an amazing waitress. I had the B.Y.O ( build your own) Burger with fries. In one word...PERFECT! The meat is cooked to perfection and you can tell the toppings are fresh. I reccomed it to anybody who is ready to eat some great food and have some classic on tap beer, not any of that bud light garbage.
1	What awful customer service!!! I have never seen such a poor and untrained host/hostess as I witnessed today. The absolute worst. The blue haired host should be fired immediately! Letting people take up tables for 3 hours is an absolute joke. It's basic restaurant customer service 101....turn the tables as quickly as possible. If people are lingering ask them to head to the bar. Even offer to buy them a drink! But never have people waiting over 2 1/2 hours for a table for pub food....EVER! We are regular patrons but today was pathetic. The host was clueless and the bar was understaffed, all on a Sunday morning to say the least. What a poor excuse to say you can't ask people to give up their table....are you kidding!! They are basically just sitting there for free and you are losing revenue all because a host and wait staff don't understand how a restaurant should operate. We all love to come and watch the games on Saturday and Sunday mornings but it should be stated when seated that there is a 90 minute time limit per table and it should be ENFORCED. People will understand. Let them finish watching the matches at the bar and TURN THE TABLE! PERIOD! Again the blue haired host needs to be fired for his lack of ability and lack of customer service skills! This may be the last time we ever go to Piper's....how sad!!
5	The berry waffle is simply amazing. Beer selection is solid as well. Plus, excellent football (soccer) coverage. This is pretty much the only place in Pittsburgh that has Premier League on Saturday and Sunday as well as F.A. Cup, Champions League, etc the rest of the time. This place is one oft favorites in the Pittsburgh area.
5	Note that on my Yelp profile, I listed a meal from Piper's as my choice for "Last meal before I die."  I only first tried this place last year with my boyfriend, after several friends had recommended it for brunch over the span of a few months.  We are now super fans of Piper's brunch.  The salmon boxty is my new favorite breakfast meal.  It's the best.  The bee's knees.  I decided to try it with banana bread beer one time and the beer was so good I had to have two (and it was not even noon, this is unusual for me).  So, yeah, I recommend this place.  The people are generally pretty nice and good customer service, too.
5	This place is amazing! I have only ever come here for breakfast but on that basis alone I give it 5 stars. Their Irish Boxty is one of the best breakfasts I've ever had in my life and the atmosphere is great. Oh and the Bloody Marys are delicious! When you step into Piper's Pub off Carson Street it feels to me like you've stepped into an actual Irish pub. Everyone is there to eat great food, have a good brew, and to watch the soccer games. A lot of the patrons are appropriately dressed in their favorite soccer team attire and it can get pretty rowdy when a good game is going which I think only adds to the greatness of this place. The staff are friendly, helpful, and really seem to enjoy their jobs. I can't wait to visit for lunch or dinner someday soon. I highly recommend Piper's Pub....definitely one of the best spots in the 'burgh!
5	Since this place is so good, they get really busy at certain times.  My boyfriend and I went there 2 Saturdays ago during some soccer game, so the place was pretty packed with soccer fans.  When we checked in with the hostess, she indicated there could be a long wait, so we said, "meh we don't feel like waiting thanks anyway" and proceeded in leaving.  We were out the door, on the sidewalk, discussing where to go, when the amazing hostess chased us down and told us a table had just opened up.  She CHASED US DOWN to give us a table!  She must have, like, hurriedly waded through the sea of people inside to get to the front door.  If that isn't great customer service, I don't know what is.  We were impressed.  A+ hostess.
5	Boom! first 5 star spot in PBurghle for me. This rating is based on breakfast and pretty much nothing else. Scotch eggs are awesome, friend chicken and waffles--amazing, traditional Irish Boxty.... Just do yourself a favor and eat here. It is worth the drive and make sure you get some scotch eggs or you are missing out. Cheap, Good, Satisfying. 5 stars bitches!!!
5	So it's the day after I first ate at Piper's Pub and I'm still thinking about how awesome it was. Seriously. The food is good. I ordered the mindbender's root beer BBQ glazed salmon which came on a bed of sweet potato bacon hash with a side of green beans. This was an odd choice for me because I'm not a huge fish or root beer fan but the fish was probably the best cooked fish I've ever had and the bbq glaze wasn't too much.  The hash was also very addicting and I completely cleaned my plate. The other members of my party enjoyed their beef Shepard pie and burger (I forget what kind) as well. The ambiance was a little lacking but not a serious problem. It's noisy and I'm still debating whether or not the paintings on the wall were intentionally hung at random levels and angles or if they just got lazy. Service wise, our waitress was nice but a little negligent and there were a few times we had to send someone to get her.  We had to wait a while for the food but it was well worth the wait.I definitely recommend checking this place out!
5	Definitely my husband and I's favorite place to eat in Pittsburgh. The food never disappoints and the staff is consisently amazing! Good beer selection and a cool atmosphere.
5	Piper's Pub keeps getting better and better each time I visit.First is the beer selection. They do a great job. The balance is excellent. Some places always seem to be IPA heavy or Stout heavy, Piper's always maintains a healthy balance.The food is my favorite part though. They've recently started baking their own bread, including for their sandwiches.  Their Pittsburgh salads use good steak. Their pub burger is my favorite burger in the city.If you want Boxty or Guinness Stew, this is the place to be. Both are amazing.
5	Love this place! Tried the chicken and waffles and it definitely was a good choice! Love coming here for dinner or brunch I never leave unhappy!
5	Best fish and chips I've had in Pittsburgh. The rest of the menu looked really good too. Will definitely be going back.
4	This is the best place for real beer on the Southside. Good service and good food.
4	Delicious food and a generous beer selection! I had the venison shepherds pie and it was amaze!
4	I really like Piper's pub. When I used to live in the south side, it was very convenient and very tasty. I have never had anything here I didn't like. I have gotten the fish sandwich, beef stew, and shrimp and chips. All of them were very good and filling. This place has a cool atmosphere and if you like soccer then you should definitely go here for drinks, food, and the game.
5	Save yourself the airfare to the UK and come here for some of the best English food I have had - London included!  Their potato and leek soup was delicious and full of fresh perfectly cooked red potatoes and delicately fried leeks.  My husband and I shared their beef shepherd's pie & medium chicken curry.  Both were portions large enough to feed a family of four if you are willing to share.  The chicken curry was made with chicken thighs so you may get an off bite of fat but the tenderness of the chicken and the good heat from the spice will have you fine with it.  The shepherd's pie was my favorite dish.  The beef was melt in you mouth and so abundant in the dish, potatoes and carrots perfectly cooked made this plate so tasty.   I will be returning to try more dishes.  And if it wasn't a Monday afternoon I would have loved to take a stab at trying their extensive beer list!  Well done Piper's Pub.
4	With the World Cup beginning, Colombia actually playing and being in Pittsburgh for Father's Day, I needed a place to watch the games.  I posted a question in the Talk forum and the Pittsburgh folks did not let me down.  Piper's Pub was the overwhelming response and it delivered.  Colombia played at noon so we arrived at about 11am.  We initially sat in the dining area, but after weighing our options and seeing some space we moved over to the bar.  Our waitress for those 5 minutes was friendly and funny.  At the bar, there was one bartender but he moved fast enough to keep all of us very happy.  I stuck with an East End IPA and I was very happy with it.  My wife and I split our meals.  I had the chicken & waffles and she had the boxty of the day.  Both were delicious.  It was my first boxty and I didn't get to take a picture of it, but damn was it good.  It was a carnitas one with smoked pork, peppers, onions, cheese and pico de gallo on top.  F'N delicious would have been my response that day, and it still sticks.  The sausage gravy on the chicken & waffles was quite good too.  The place was packed with football fans.  English, Italians and yes even Colombians.  It was fun a fun place to watch the World Cup and I have to imagine a great place to watch the EPL.  I look forward to returning on a Saturday and taking in that scene.
4	I treated my sister Vi for her birthday. The atmosphere was very lively, what you'd expect for a popular pub. I did appreciate that they did not have music blaring loud, so you could actually hear yourself speaking. Our waitress was friendly and attentive; she refilled our drinks without us having to ask her. We shared fried zucchini as an appetizer. It was delicious and the portion size was huge. We ended up taking half of it home. I got the 4 onion soup and it was very good, but I wish they would have included melted cheese over the top the way you get french onion soup. I had a chicken salad, it was good and the chicken was very well seasoned and succulent. The chicken was the star of the salad for sure. For entrees Vi had the corned beef and cabbage, which she really enjoyed, and I had the Shepherd's pie. The portion size of the Shepherd's pie was massive! Instead of using mashed potatoes they had potatoes broken up into pieces. Also included were carrots and mushrooms along with plenty of delicious, moist morsels of beef. I was so stuffed I could only eat about one fourth of my Shepherd's pie, so I took the rest of it home. The food is high quality and you really get an impressive value for your money. I definitely plan on returning!
4	I was new to Pittsburgh and wanted to watch a football match. I searched for different sports bars and finally found out that Piper's pub is a place where I can watch football as well as have some good food. I had a great time at this place, the team that I was supporting won that day and also made some friends who were also cheering for the same team. Ever since this visit, I have visited this place many times,each time to watch the match and have some great food. So if you want to watch a match or just want to have some delicious food, don't hesitate to visit this place.Pros: Tasty FoodMultiple TVsGood serviceCasual ambianceCons:Might get crowded on important match days, and might not get seats immediately
5	Awesome dinner and beer spot.  I had the Dutch eggs, London dip and bread pudding for dessert.  All were first class, tasty and fresh.  Very friendly staff, good service great bar.  What's not to like??
5	My boyfriend and I recently visited Pittsburgh for the first time. We did some brief research about the best areas and recommended bars/restaurants and kept coming across Piper's Pub. We gave it a try and are SO happy that we did! Our experience was awesome. We had such a great waiter - Tim! Being that we were out of town we were really trying to soak up what Pittsburgh had to offer and Tim made this so easy! We had the fish and chips and crab stuffed mushroom - both were suggested to us. We were so impressed. Both dishes were wonderful! Hands down the best fish and chips I've ever had. We were drinking all local brews and ciders - also all suggested....and delicious! Overall when you visit a city you know nothing about, you're looking for an experience. Piper's Pub definitely kicked off our night in the best way possible with good people, great food and excellent drinks! Whenever we make the trip back up, we'll absolutely be stopping by here again!
5	This is hands-down my favorite place in Pittsburgh. I have never ever had a bad meal here and I've probably come here once a week for maybe 10 years. Top favorites are:- Fish and chips, smothered in tartar and malt vinegar for those hangover or self-indulgent days- Chicken and Wild Mushroom pie for cold and rainy days- Veggie Boxty and a Bloody Mary for those silly days- English breakfast for chores days - Veggie sandwich with chipotle mayo and coleslaw for those days I'm trying to be healthy. - Salmon salad for business lunchesI love it so much that I have a meal selection for every possible situation!
4	Always have a great experience at Piper's Pub! They have a great draft selection for those of you who, like me, are craft beer fans. last visit,my boyfriend ordered the Lamb&smoked chestnut sheperd's pie. He said the chestnuts were excellent-smoky and savory. You could tell it was finished being made and then immediately served because he could not even touch his plate for the first ten minutes as the food was so hot!Being on a salmon kick lately, I ordered the smoked salmon boxty. The boxty was comparable to the size of my head and was very yummy! The dill sauce complimented the smoky flavor of the salmon as well as the potato pancake holding the bundle of deliciousness together. I noticed how nearly everyone besides the two of us had a bloody mary in front of them so of course i had to try one! I asked for light on the spice, however, it is a premade blend so the bartender added extra tomato juice for me, which made it perfect! Other winning dishes we have tried include the stilton chicken, the salmon club bap, the smoked salmon wrap, and the smoked salmon BLT. If we are ever in need of a place to go where we know we will enjoy our food Piper's is it!
2	Food ok. The kitchen should try the garlic mayo that goes on the salmon bap, it tastes like death, completely overwhelms the sandwich. Capers on the salads? Bartender was an ass when asked a question about what vodkas they had. Great selection of tap beer and nice stocked bar. Also have beer on firkins/engines.
5	Just got married in Pittsburgh, and decided to eat here after. I am very happy we did. The food was great and the service by Phil was even better. I give four stars for the food and five stars for the service, and will leave my rating as 5 stars here because where the food wasn't superior the service made up for it. I had the scotch eggs [note to Piper's; absolutely brilliant idea to combine buffalo sauce with scotch eggs!!! I will be doing this at home now too.], fish & chips and bread pudding. My wife had the curry vindaloo and baked brie. The fish (haddock) was pretty great, but the chips were kind of meh. They tasted like frozen chips and weren't fried long enough, but they were edible with the malt vinegar. The tartar sauce for the fish wasn't the greatest. I think Piper's could zest there tartar up a bit and make it great whereas it's a little bland now. The curry vindaloo was absolutely amazing for pub food! The baked brie was also amazing! The rest of the 1-star deduction for food is because of the water. The water we were served tasted absolutely awful. The service by Phil is what makes this a 5-star review instead of a 4-star review. He was so kind and awesome, and the estimations he voluntarily gave for the timing of food arrival were pretty close to perfect. He was so good at keeping up with our table that we didn't even think to complain about the water, tartar sauce, chips, or the one time I waited like a whole 3 minutes with an empty diet Pepsi glass. lol He was really on top of everything! Great service Phil! :)If we're ever in Pittsburgh again we will definitely be returning to Piper's! Also, this pub as well as our server did not seem to have any problem at all with a couple of lesbian brides in rainbow-flag wedding shirts. I am nor sure if we just got lucky or if the place is generally gay friendly, but our experience was friendly. Thanks Piper's. :)
4	I have fond memories of Pipers I hold dear the way people hold dear fond memories of Sunday dinner at their Grandma's house.This is the first place I had really good scotch.  That's not something you forget.  If you dont know anything about scotch, and you want to have scotch, come here.  The bartender will help you out.  Laophroiag is my favorite.The food here is also really good.  I usually get the Ploughman's Platter as an entree, i love the cheese and the chutney is quite excellent.  The Shepherd's Pie is also good, as are the salads.There's often a wait for tables here, so plan to have a pint or so at the bar.  They have a good beer selection. When I come here, its either to specifically eat dinner here, or to start pre gaming here and then head out.  Its a bit of a mellow atmosphere, and I really like it.
4	An honest to goodness pub! What luck to have this in Pittsburgh. If you like soccer, this is the place to watch games with your  mates. The beers are super and they even have cask beers! Tons of single malts, and the fare is really decent, too. Never a bad choice unless you have to wait for a table.
5	This is one of my favorites in Pittsburgh. The food is always consistently good and the seasonal specials and brunch are worth a trip. Some of my favorites include the chicken and waffles on the brunch menu and the current seasonal special of baked brie or goat cheese stuffed poblano peppers. The Sunday supper is also great. All of the staff is friendly and helpful and the drinks are always flowing. I will be back many times!
5	Some of the best food we've had in a long time! Chicken and mushroom pie was absolutely delicious and my husband's burger topped with an egg was great as well. Kids enjoyed their fish and shrimp with chips. All around great place!
2	Came here for the Irish Style food. Got to the restaurant greeted by a door man and went inside to find out that the kitchen had closed 15 minutes prior to us walking in the door. This information was not in the description on yelp or their website. I think this is something that should be stated. The food that we did have was from the restaurant next door. The waiter was friendly and funny, hence the two stars. Was it not for him and how fast he served us our drinks, it would have been one star.
4	Good grub, simple surroundings.Soups were awesome, portions large. Fish and chips very good.Fried seitan was disappointing, chunks too big and no batter. They need lots of work. Double wide makes superior seitan wings.Courtney was a perfect waitress. Food is well prepared and tasty. We left stuffed.Cheesecake was awesome. This was not just heated up frozen foods, but crafted food.Service was excellent. She knew what we needed and delivered
5	A friend had told me this place was good, but he lied, it's friggin GREAT! Get the lamb and smoked chestnut shepherd pie! It was our favorite! We also had the fish and chips, and banger bap, both very yummy as well! The decor matches the name and Scottish vibe, and the inside is spotless! My favorite thing about the whole experience was the service. Phil was laid back, funny, and just all around awesome. Before he got to us, another employee sat us and got our drink order, he was equally awesome!
4	The food was good but I will come back because of the bartender. Very personable and knowledgeable of whiskey, and scotch.
5	Best fish and chips in Pittsburgh. The haddock makes it extra good. The fried zucchini has no match anywhere. Absolutely the best. Thin strips of zucchini hand breaded with a sprinkling of parmesan and horse radish dip. We have to get it every time.  The fries are now smaller size and better. Crisp and delish!!!! Pipers is a staple go to for us. We've tried it all on menu. Black forest burger, fish, chicken waffles stand out. Service spot on always. Fast to refill real pro servers
4	This is probably one of my favorite places to go in Pittsburgh, hands down!  Firstly, they give you massive servings, and when I say massive I mean it. They have good friendly service. Lastly, and of course they have killer food. Surprisingly, since they resemble and English pub, they also have a lot of vegan and vegetarian options! The vegan options are also not just a "veggie burger" or a salad. They have the real savory vegan dishes. I've had great vegan chili and I recommend the vegetable boxty, it was delicious. The only thing is if there is a game on it can get loud and crowded, it's not a huge place.
5	Food is so good. I've eaten here several times and can't think of a time when the food wasn't great. Get some Irish in you and check it out!
5	If you're vegan and want a really cool environment to eat--especially if you're with some people that love to watch soccer or eat pub food--come to this place! It's the place to be to watch "football," and great for a home-european pub feel. Sometimes the wait can be long, particularly when there's a basketball game, so plan accordingly.
4	Quality, authentic British pub fare with a good craft beer list and a nice bar at the front.
5	Absolutely amazing establishment. Pipers has an eclectic combination of scotch, craft beer, authentic fare and pleasant service. Notably, they probably have the cleanest men's room in the South Side. Seriously, its almost like being at home.I met with a few friends and brought my wife for a happy hour meet up. We stuck to craft beers, all of which were amazing. I will highlight the banana bread ale. I have never seen a banana bread beer in my life nor expected it to taste like anything other than a cocktail. However, it was a perfectly crated beer-tasting ale with a semi-sweet banana bread finish. We ordered the Shepard's pie, corn beef & cabbage, scotch eggs and bread pudding complete with Dave & Andy's Ice cream. The portions were huge and the wait time was around 10-15 minutes. The food was hot, well-done and very filling. The scotch eggs were phenomenal, especially with a hoppy IPA or lager. The bread pudding was homemade, not overly sweet and just rightly spiced.I don't remember our server's name (sorry) but it was a lady with a sleeve tattoo. She was wonderful. She told jokes, was very knowledgable about the menu, made excellent recommendations to my wife on beers and worked quickly. Kuddos to her hospitality. In addition to all the positive things above, the prices are very, very fair.I don't live in Pittsburgh anymore, but when I visit, Piper's will be up on my list every time.
5	Their food is worth looking for the restaurant on a busy East Carson St. We are from Morgantown and were up there shopping and decided to find the place from seeing their Twitter account. The fish pie is the best I've ever had and there fish and chip are great.
5	I have never been disappointed!  The food is always consistently good. The brunch is amazing
5	Nice atmospher, good beer selection. Had an appitizer, the scotch eggs, and then fish and chips for lunch.  Both were very good and i would recommend.  Seated quickly.  Waitress must of been having a bad day, short and not very informative.  Our group of nine was pleased with food, displeased with waitress demeanor.
5	My boyfriend really wanted to check this place out one night and since I was in a meh mood I decided to not fight him on it, but boy am I glad I didn't.  Pipers pub has a lot of what you would call classic British/UK food but there is nothing ordinary or boring about it.  We started off with the scotch eggs and were not disappointed.  We have been to several places to try scotch eggs (my boyfriend's obsessed) but I had never been to a place where they were as big as they sell them here.  They were hot and full of flavor so I was very excited for our entrees. I order the bangers and mash which according to the restaurant the sausage they use comes from the strip district and it clearly didn't have a frozen/reheated taste to it.  The sausage was very good, and I'm very picky about pork products because they tend to give me a headache but these were delicious. My boyfriend order the Shepard's pie with lamb meat and chestnuts which was also very good.  Both of these foods, along with many other things on the menu, would be perfect on a cold day.  They were both very hearty foods to warms you up when it's cold outside, but the best is yet to come.While the restaurant is very good and I would have no problem recommending it to my friends the one thing that sent me over the edge to amazing is their bread pudding.  I really enjoy bread pudding but find that sometimes it can either be too soupy or has no flavor.  Their bread pudding was without a doubt the best bread pudding I can remember ever having.  It was flavorful and had the right combination of moisture without being all soggy.  My boyfriend and I decided to split it but I almost wish I would have gotten my own.  Overall I highly enjoyed piper's pub and WILL be back for more.
4	Friday night in Sourth Side, choose your poisonA) Fighting a yinzer over the better QB: Terry Bradshaw or Big Ben.B) Fighting a bro for talking to the girl he's interested in.C) All the aboveD) All the above, plus a 60% chance to view public urination if you last til 1:30am.Or make it respectable at Piper's. Rounder patrons and less gloss than most South Side meat markets, you'll be safe from flying IC Lights or bar brawls--Piper's is for couples aged 25+, and they serve the meat you actually want: bangers and mash, scotch eggs, and a host of other hearty staples. Not much in terms of decor, but solid service, great taplist with good local representation, and excellent bartending.Two secrets1) ALERT Pgh soccer junkies! This is your jam. Get your premiere league fix, and World Cup coverage starts at 8am. It's packed by 7:30am on those days.2) Amazing single malt scotch list, easily best in the burgh. Only Jack Rose in DC sticks out as "better".
5	Pipers brunch is great! I take out of town friends there for brunch frequently. Fun atmosphere and different food for the southside.
5	When I lived in Pittsburgh, I would go to Pipers every weekend for brunch. Brian was always manning the bar, ready to serve up a Strongbow from the tap, and the boxtys were always incredible.Well - things change. I've moved away now, but I still stop by Pipers when I come back to town to visit. They use ground sausage instead of real bangers in the Irish Boxtys now, which is a bummer, but it's still the most incredible brunch place you could wish for.  The people are great, the food is delicious, the beer list is fabulous (they usually have at least 2 cask beers available, and the tap list is extensive).Basically, if you live in Pittsburgh, you should be eating here.  If you're just visiting town, stop in.  And if you ever meet someone who doesn't like this place, push them to the ground, and hold them there until the police can arrive, and then explain the issue and that the person is insane, and the police will probably lock them up for the good of society.
4	one of my absolute favorite spots in the city. so much great comfort food on the menu. if you cant decide, order the Hot Pepper Turkey sandwich (add bacon). brunch is killer too.
5	I lived in England for several years, so when I walked into this pub I expecting to be disappointed. I was happy to be wrong! I had the baked brie and a soup, but that brie still makes my mouth water. The service was good for a pub, and they brought everything out quickly and well cooked. I would certainly go again!
