5	This is the best Dim Sum in entire Arizona. The owner was the cookers of Great Wall on 35th Ave, Phoenix. They moved to Chandler and start their own restaurant. If you want the best Chinese traditional Dim Sum, you can't miss this one. We used to drive 40mile one-way to have Dim Sum in Phoenix. Thanks to the owner, I only need to drive 8 miles round trip now.
5	This is the most authentic Chinese food I have found since moving to Arizona... and it's excellent.Being a "good jew," my first trip to China King was for dim sum last Christmas. I found it through the wife of a friend that just so happened to be Chinese... we also let her order for us.Although I was not brave enough to try them, I have on good authority that the hen's feet are great. My favorite dish were the dessert rolls with the lotus seed custard-like filling.As an added bonus, dim sum for five only ran us about $40... less than half of what I've paid for similar meals in metro-Detroit / Windsor.IMHO, this restaurant is well worth the hike down the 101 from "The Dale."
3	I'm on this mad hunt to visit every Chinese food restaurant in all of Arizona - without gaining 200 pounds....  So, I went to China King the other night.  What a strange evening!  This is a pretty big restaurant, but it's odd because it looks more like place to have a low budget wedding than to go out for dinner.  The atmosphere doesn't have much personality.  The bright florescent lighting should have been in an office, not a restaurant.We were seated by the big tanks of live lobsters.  Though I love to eat lobster, this disturbed me.  At one point, one of the waitresses grabbed a lobster from the tank and put it in a small white bucket.  I watched in amazement as the lobster jumped around in the bucket in a mad panic.  Then I thought I was going to throw up.  Here is someone's order, jumping around in a bucket.Look, I know this stuff goes on.  Animals get killed and served in restaurants every day.  But the part that bothered me was I was SITTING RIGHT NEXT the tanks of lobsters on death row (I am aware this may be a personal distaste).Anyway, the service was not the greatest.  The waitress was pleasant, just in a hurry and not really attentive.  We didn't get any water (until we asked) or crunchy noodles with dipping sauce.  I ordered the chicken with vegetable combination dinner, which was very good.  My husband ordered the garlic chicken with vegetables, which he liked as well.  The portions are pretty big as we had enough for another meal for two the next day.So, basically, the food is good and the service is so-so.  If I were to go back, I would get my order to go (and avoid the live lobster show).
4	Got takeout.  I liked it.  Woman on the phone taking the order was especially friendly and accommodating of my not having a menu and not really having any idea what I wanted to order.  Orange chicken was especially good and nuanced; pork fried rice was flavorful; oyster sauce beef was particularly delectable.  White rice was, well, white rice.
4	We caught the tail end of the weekend Dim Sum rush around 1pm on Sunday.  American-born teenager hosts gave us our number, explaining we would have to wait 5 minutes for a clean table.  The room was full of Asian American patrons, including my student who recommended this place to me.Once seated, we immediately got tea and a whole bunch of stuff, since the "cart lady" was right beside us as we sat.  The food was the best Chinese food I've eaten in Arizona (which isn't saying much.)  However, I do agree that the food is in par with my San Franciscan experiences.Service:  Gruff, sloppy, yet nothing out of the ordinary for an independent, immigrant-run busy business.Speed:  Random - some dishes were plentiful, but I only saw the don tot egg tarts during the beginning of our feast.Grease factor:  low!Price:  Nice!  The three of us gorged on a $30 bill.Much better grub than C-Fu.  Will eat here again!
5	if you're clammering for dimsum, then you better run to your car after church and git there before 11 or you'll be working up an appetite while standing in the lobby being nudged aside by our stroller as we waltz on by with full stomachs!  seriously, kudos to the owners for finally putting some long needed competition against the "other" east valley dimslum joint that best of phoenix mag really needs to get a clue on.  they say that the best way to judge an ethnic restaurant is by taking a peek through the windows and see if there is a sea of people representing that ethnic group.Look for the older generation especially, they've been there and done that and are looking to find the level of food that they're used to eating from the old country.  the service is commensurate to any dimsum restaurant, underpaid cart pushers trying to pay for ASU tuition so that they can find a better paying  job that allows them to eat dimsum v. serve it.  if it seems like the stuff is getting swiped off the carts by patrons whose tables are closer to the doors of the kitchen, you can always ask the waitresses that seem to be competing in the 100 meter dash to nab you some "from the back" if you know what you want.  my wife instinctively grabs the guy-geck (chicken feet), the ow-see-pai-gwut (steamed black bean pork ribs), the cheng-fun (for our 1 y/o daughter), the wu-tau-go (pan fried taro root), and the perennial favorites hock-gow (steam shrimp dumplings) and siu-mai (steam ground pork dumplings).we're amazed that we don't have to use our out of jail free card when we present the $20 tax + tip bill to the cashier.  like the other reviewer said, we used to have to drive 40+ miles round trip and sit next to smokers (phx law used to allow it) to get decent dimsum and now we only have to drive 3 and we are free to give 15% gratuity v. being guilted into it with the glaring 8 1/2 x 11 sheets of bright yellow paper plastered all over the cash register counters :-)  i teach math, not english (obviously)
4	First of all, I would like to say that I have had some really authentic Dim Sum and I have had some really interesting Dim Sum. Both previous experiences were in places located off the west coast, one in Vancouver, British Columbia and the other in San Diego. That being said, this place was sweet and lived up to the high standards set before. If you go, take your appetite and try as many of those little plates as you can. If you are real lucky, try to get someone to tell you what you are ordering so you can eat again. :) It was fairly not busy for a Friday afternoon, but i have hear Saturdays and Sundays this places gets busy. Let me know how you like it.
3	After reading all the positive reviews on Yelp, we decided to give China King (or Blue Sky Seafood - translation of their Chinese name) a try. On the plus side, I have to say the servers were very eager - always asking us if there was anything else they could get us (though can't guarantee that they'd be equally attentive on a busy weekend).  While a couple of the dishes were solid (spare ribs, taro puff), the rest (including standards like "har gow") fell short.  Overall the experience was disappointing.A big dim sum pet peeve of mine is lack of freshness.  Less than 10 seconds after we sat down, a steaming cart was pushed over from it's resting place to our table.  My question is how long has the cart been sitting around?  We'd find out soon enough.From the steam cart we ordered (all $1.95):- spare ribs in black bean sauce:  solid- "har gow" (shrimp dumpling): dumpling skin was too thick, shrimp lacked crunch of freshness- chive & shrimp dumpling: skin stuck to the paper in the steamer indicating that it had been sitting around for a while- tripe with ginger and green onion: seasoning was overpoweringFrom the bake & deep-fry cart we ordered (all $1.95):- "ham sui gok" (deep-fried glutinous rice balls filled with pork; interestingly, direct translation is salty water pastry) - this was completely soaked with oil- "wu gok" (deep-fried taro filled with pork) - nice flaky "bird's-nest"exterior and tasty pork fillingIt was doubtful whether these were hot as they were just sitting on top of a cart with no heating element.  When we asked, the server offered to fetch us hot versions from the kitchen.  She came back very quickly so my guess is that these were sitting under heat lamps.When we overheard the server telling the neighboring table that their cheung fun (rice noodle with filling) would take a couple of minutes because the chef was stretching it (like pasta), we decided to order one too:- rice noodle filled with minced beef (same stuff as the beef ball) with a specially cooked soy sauce $2.95 - cheung fun was silky smooth but a bit on the oily sideIn addition, we also ordered poached kai lan (aka Chinese broccoli) $4.50 - generous plate of veg that's been par-boiled, tossed in oil and then drizzled with oyster sauce.  This was again too oily and the thick stems were not peeled as they should've been.For dessert, we had the steamed egg custard buns.  This was not on any of the carts but they will steam it to order when asked.  Our server warned us that it'd take 15 min.  Sadly, it wasn't worth the wait.  The skin of the buns were cracked - the dough was obviously not kneaded well enough for the gluten to hold it together.  The filling was more coconuty rather than eggy.If you're not too picky on your dim sum and China King is convenient for you, then we'd say give it a go.As for us, we'll continue to explore other dim sum options in Phoenix...and for a sure thing, we'd recommend China Chan on the Westside.
5	I love this place! The best dim sum in Chandler. My service was exceptional, I even went on lunchtime on a Friday with my boyfriend. It was priced fairly good, we both gorged ourselves on less than $30.00. Not too sure about the pink tablecloths or the giant lobster tank, but overall it was delicious :)
4	the best dim sum in the East Valley. It is much better than C-Fuey.  The only knock I have is the lack of variety sometimes.Get there early or prepare to wait outside.
5	This is the best Dim sum in town that me and my wife have found so far since coming from the bay area. We have eaten at 3 other places in chandler and they were not very good.  c - fu gourmet no good. the place at dobson and ray was always cold.  one place in Tempe got sick.
5	The only thing you need to know about this place is that it's the best dim sum you can get in Phoenix.  Do yourself a favor and go try it.
3	I am a Cantonese who lives in Los Angeles for 10 years and Canton region for 18 years. I am pretty sure i am qualified for rating Cantonese restaurant.Its dum sum are so so. Phoenix Palace/Jade Palace is way better than China King.Their regular dishes are actually not bad. Seafood is not bad too but some servers are rude...Overall speaking, Jade Palace/Phoenix Palace is one star above China King.
3	I made it to China King at 2:40 pm on a Sunday and I called ahead expressing a desire to have a late Dim Sum lunch. However, once we arrived they only had a five items to try. I was bummed, but I will make sure I go early next time so I can here what everyone raves about. My average Singapore vermicelli was a poor substitute, but I will arrive earlier next week so I don't interrupt staff meal. That seemed to be the focus when we there, as service was neglectful and quite indifferent.Also, I found a hair in my food, but why complain when they really don't care if you're there or not.
4	I loved the food here.  The duck was a little sweeter than I liked but the seafood was to die for.  I had a lobster/shrimp/seafood dish that was absolutely great.  I am holding back the last star only because it was a little bit greasier than I like, but then again, most chinese food is.
4	I'm a mainstream dum sum eater, so I'm not going to pretend I know anything about tripe, chicken feet, or any other hardcore dim sum dishes. Hell, I've lived in Phoenix my entire life, so I may not know anything about dim sum in general.BUT, I do know that there are five key dishes that make dim sum good for me: shumai, shrimp dumplings, meat and rice in banana leaves, shrimp or beef in rice sheets with that yummy sauce, and bbq pork buns. See, I don't even know the names.All of the above were excellent and China King is not so big that it takes a half hour for the shumai to make its way around only to find out the cart is empty. I really hate that. Boyfriend and I stuffed ourselves for $28. They were a buffet last time I was here a few years ago, but we were pleasantly surprised to see they went into the dim sum-and-swimming-fishes business. Tastes way better, in my opinion.
4	Dien Xing or Dim Sum or Little bit of Heart.  Whatever its called, this is a weekend morning ritual that I loves when we were growing up.  Of course it meant getting up at 6 am and out the door and in the car for a 2hour ride to Los Angeles to get into the LA Chinatown and then sitting through my parent's selection of dishes that we kids never really dug, only wanting the bao tze or shrimp har gow, shui mai or the sweet sesame balls.  Now that I'm an adult and moved far away from Los Angeles, I've come to appreciate the dim sum weekends and the strange foods my parents always selected. The place in Arizona that is a very good place for dim sum is China King.  Saturdays and Sundays starting at 10 and going to about 2 you will probably need to wait a bit before getting a table because a lot of other families had the same idea as you.  But it definitely is worth the wait.  Some great dishes to get are any and all their shrimp dim sum dishes, they sometimes will do other tsong fun type wraps.  Excellent jiao yen you   yu or fried calimari.  Dan Ta or custards are excellent.  The sesame balls are freshly made and crispy and qq at the same time.  Gan Lan tsai or chinese broccoli is well done and perfectly served.  One of the best dishes is their chicken feet or Phoenix claws.  Their version is one of the best I've ever tasted.  Tripe, ribs, and other dishes are also served.  Desserts are available too.  These are the mango puddings, almond jelly, rice sponge, sesame balls and others.  Go with a bunch of friends or bring lots of family because if you go with just yourself and someone else then you really won't be able to sample all the dim sum dishes this place has to offer.  The other plus is if your in the southeast valley this is definitely closer than Golden Buddha at the Chinese Cultural Center.
5	While I'm not (yet) an experienced connoisseur of dim sum (I'm working on it!), China King consistently has the best dim sum out of anywhere I've been (about five different places, both here and Seattle).  As others have said, it's usually crowded on the weekends - we find that going on Saturday morning (about 11am) is pretty decent.  Not more than a ten minute wait, and there is a good selection of food circulating.  The sticky rice in lotus leaf, the beef in rice sheets, the shu mai, both the steamed and baked bbq pork buns, the Chinese broccoli, the custard buns... everything has been utterly fantastic, each time I've gone (I'd say we've probably been there 5-10 times).  Value for the price can't be beat.  Eventually, we'll try them for something other than dim sum (take out ftw!  Just wish they delivered...), but this place ranks up there as one of the best Chinese restaurants I've ever been to.  And having tried Asian food in nearly every town I've visited... it's not a small list. ;)
4	Awesome, authentic, trust-worthy Chinese food. Did I mention this place is affordable? With an average price per person being $13, you really get more than you pay for. Bottom line, if you want great chinese food, come here.**Update: With new management, if you arrive before 7pm, they offer 20% off your ticket. Also, Tuesday is "buy one get one" day...
4	Love their dim sum, probably one of the best in AZ. We often come here once or twice a month @ weekend with my Asian crew, and a couple of risk-taking white tokens (^_^) The dim sum always meets our expectation.  The only downer is the wait can get up to 30-45 minutes on Sundays, even though the food is usually fresher and you'll have more options.If you've never had dim sum, my advice is to try EVERYTHING and do NOT (repeat, do NOT) ask what those are! They're yummy, I promise! ;)
4	Dim Sum is one of my FAVOURITE ....I am extremely particular about the authentic taste. China King will not disappoint you. You should try their chicken feet - it melts in your mouth! :) Plus many other goodies...
3	I have to preface this review by saying that I haven't yet had dim sum anywhere else in Phoenix. Before moving here from CA in April, my husband and I had dim sum all the time--almost every weekend, in fact. For a few months, we lived within walking distance of Oakland's Chinatown and would frequent all the dim sum hot spots there on weekend mornings. For some reason, I had an overwhelming craving for the stuff this past weekend and since we were already heading to the Chandler mall, I figured it would be a good time to go in. We arrived around 11:15 or so and got a table within 10 minutes. We were greeted very promptly by someone who took our drink order and immediately were serviced by carts. If this speed of service doesn't seem like a big deal, it is. We've been to dim sum places where it's: 1) virtually impossible to get drinks or anything off menu; and 2) unheard of to get a chance to choose dim sum until 5 minutes or so after sitting down. We ended up trying five things:1. Glazed pork buns--flavorful pork but not as savory as the filling in the best ones I've had2. Crab balls--not nearly enough crab in the filling3. Pickled jellyfish--a bit fishy and not as tangy/vinegary as the same dish at Lao Ching Hing4. Rice noodles with onion and scallion--these were quite good but a little greasy5. Shrimp on top of eggplant--this was by far the best dish and came with crispy scallions and peppers (which added a ton of zest and flavor)6. Sausage buns--the buns were the perfect texture, but the sausage was kind of dry and tasted a bit offOverall, I thought the variety of dim sum and service speed/quality were top-notch. Some of the individual items were less than stellar, though, and I have a feeling that we can find better dim sum elsewhere in the Valley. That being said, though, we came from dim sum heaven and all my reviews will naturally be a bit inflated based on the lack of availability of dim sum in this area.
4	The owner of China King had never heard of Yelp...until Jim W rolled up on China King!The owner of China King, Michael, is very friendly and chatty.  Be Prepared to chat for a few minutes if you strike up a conversation.The service here was terrific.  We had several people fussing over us but the primary server, Maggie was a gem.  My wife and the kids opted for the Americanized menu and went with specials like sweet and sour chicken, shrimp in white sauce and garlic beef.  Each came came with soup, egg roll and rice.  I sampled the garlic beef which they prepared with a kung pao brown sauce (a decision Maggie and my wife arrived at after several minutes of discussion) it had a nice robust flavor and the veggies were fresh and flavorful.  I  also sampled the shrimp which were succulent and the white sauce had a little more distinctiveness to it than the same sauce at many Chinese restaurants.I ordered from the traditional menu but went not too adventurous with sizzling plate with scallops and shrimp in black pepper sauce.  Very enjoyable.  Again, succulent shrimp.  The scallops were tasty as well.  Realizing that I moved here from Boston and I go into any seafood experience with diminished expectations now that I live in the west, I have to say the scallops are among the fresher and judiciously prepared that I have had in Phoenix.Overall China King delivered a very tasty and very fresh meal.  They have a fairly extensive traditional menu which I look forward to exploring further.Thanks to Christine O for her review...after reading that I knew China King was A-OK.
5	I see that people have spoken at length about this place. Here are a few pointers that I thought will be useful in addition to what has already been said... I'm a bit surprised that no one has talked about the rice noodle rolls yet. I would highly recommend this Cantonese stuff (filled with beef/ pork/ shrimp). As opposed to the steel bowls that they use in serving the other steamed items, they serve the rolls in an oval plate and they pour sweet soy sauce on it right before serving. Be sure to order some green tea with your food because the hot liquid cleanses your palate and is sure to make the glutinous food more enjoyable. With respect to the desserts it is foolish to order western pastries here. I observed that the Chinese were ordering sweet tofu and mango tofu. We tried the latter and found the taste and consistency to be similar to custard. You might encounter a couple of waitresses with heavy Chinese accents but do not hesitate to ask someone else for help. There are plenty of people to explain the grub to you. Visiting the place on Sat/ Sun is especially important because on busy days the restaurant is bursting at the seams and the kitchen is turning a great deal of fresh food all the time. Between 11.30 am and 12.30 pm the wait could be 20-30 mins but there is no waiting for the food after you get a table. Caveat: please do not turn up in the evening be it any day of the week.... the dim-sum is served only between 11am and 3pm. Of course one can order the other stuff off the menu in the evenings.
4	DIM SUM!  I was worried when I saw how small the dining area was, but it worked out perfectly since I was starving by the time we arrived.  Immediately we were asked what we wanted to drink (tea is .80 ea), and then all the carts came by.  Each cart had several different dishes on them which helped get us going real fast.  The owner (?) was super friendly and brought us all the sauces we wanted that wasn't on the table.  The servers weren't too pushy or sensitive about it if we refused their dishes which is a plus.  I will definitely go back again, although my coworker wants me to try a different place down the street.  We'll see, so far this is my favorite for dim sum!
4	We hit this place at least twice a month for the Dim Sum.  Lots of carts of with delicious choices, the service is excellent, and I always leave very happy.  Make sure to save room for the dishes that are brought around off of the carts.  And definitely ask if there is something that you want that they haven't brought by on the carts.  I highly recommend this place as the best Dim Sum in Phoenix (and we've tried most of them). And we're not Asian but are treated very well and the staff really goes out of their way to help us.  The best dishes that we've discovered are when we get brave and just try new things.
1	Can't believe there are many reviews after my first one years ago. To be honest, I don't go there any more for few reasons. 1. The owner has changed2. The foods quality has changed3. Service is NOT as good as it used to be. 4. The original chief seem to be long gone. 5. Found a better places to have the best DIM SUM in Chandler AZOnce very satisfied customer is no longer their customer. If you want real good Chinese foods and restaurant services, go somewhere else. I guess I will never know how good their foods now. Don't even want to try.
4	Best Chinese food and dim sum on the Eastside. Dim sum is fresh and has good choices. They have live fish and sometimes live shrimp and other types of fresh seasonal Chinese vegetables (eg: snow pea leaves). It seems their management has changes a few times, so the service levels and servers change from time to time.
2	Decided to try China King based on Yelp reviews and was extremely disappointed.The food was very ho-hum and the restaurant had a terrible fishy odor.  Not impressed at all.
4	Maybe it is because I am new to Dim Sum and I have only tried 2 different places...but everytime I go to China King i leave very satisfied and looking forward to go back again. I go with my friends who usually do the ordering and we don't get the scary stuff...ya know the chicken feet and such...although one time I did have to watch them eat shrimp heads, and I would be happy to never see that again...but really the food is good. I love shrimp, which helps because most everything has shrimp! This is a fun, filling experience for friends and or families. Go hungry!
4	Whole live crab for only $11, good deal!
3	I don't have much experience in the Dim Sum area, and I have to admit, it was a little scary. I wasn't sure what I was eating, and when asking the cart lady, she would answer in short phrases, hamburger (beef) or maybe pork. But, uh what kind of pork, which part? Eyeballs?! Butt?! Braaains?! So although the servers are very attentive, constantly coming by to add more food to your table, they are not the best communicators. With that said, not knowing was part of the fun. Almost everything I tried was tasty. There were one or two things that freaked me out, I think it was the textures, idk, like shrimp patte or something. I would tell you what it was, if I knew. Basically if you've never done dim sum and are feeling adventurous, I'd recommend it, you probably won't die. Like I said I've never had it before, so I can't compare it to other places, but the restaurant was busy, so maybe that's a good sign? It was just me and my husband, but I think it would be a fun thing to do with a group. Oh yeah, and it can be inexpensive unless you go crazy, each little plate is $2-3. Good luck!
3	Dim sum is a dish best served warm.  The lack of hot food is what kept this place from getting four stars from me.  China King has some great stuff.  I heartily recommend coming and getting the ta sa bao (BBQ pork buns), and the bo luo bao (pineapple bun with delicious filling).I have to give a lukewarm review to the similarly temperatured food from the hot carts.  While a handful were good, most were room temperature.  Also, rather than getting new stuff from the kitchen, they kept circulating it over and over.  Sigh.  I know if it had been warm, the food would have been quite good.  Unfortunately, it did not make the grade.Putting the killer baked goods and the lukewarm hot food together leaves me with a confused, wishing-it-were-better 3 stars.
4	Very good Dim Sum! My girlfriend is visiting me from the Bay Area, and we were craving some authentic Dim Sum. Even though we are living in Scottsdale, we were recomended to head down to Chandler for Dim Sum and we were not disappointed! The service was fast, all the servers were Chinese (goes without saying in general but after visiting a few Scottsdale 'Chinese' restaurants, it's no longer a given!). They had a great selection, including one of our more obscure favorites "sin jook goon', and something my girlfriend hardly sees anywhere - pork intestine deep fried . My girlfriend even preferred their sticky rice (in lotus leaf) to the one we get in our regular place in CA. Overall, a very good experience, and not that bad a drive to get here.
4	There aren't many authentic Chinese places to choose from in Phoenix and its surrounding areas, but considering this place has both traditional and westernized dishes as well as great dim sum you may not need to go any where else.I've been here several times; all for a Saturday dim sum with my large family (so we get to try a lot of dishes) and they churn out the food fresh and quick.  The waitresses push the rolling carts of tempting delights stored in steaming bamboo trays stacked several high.  The standard dim sum dishes are all very good and not too greasy (although some are).  And my grandmother tells me the chicken feet are very tender and succulent (I'll trust my grandmothers' word).If your exposure to Chinese food is only PF Chang or Panda Express, be daring and try some traditional Chinese dim sum one Saturday morning and learn what you might have been missing out.  My relatives will be here this weekend to celebrate the Chinese New Year!
4	Despite the cheesy strip mall exterior, the restaurant serves authentic (mmm chicken feet...) and delicious food inside.  I've visited 3 times and have ordered duck, sesame balls, fried shrimp on sugar cane sticks (phenomenal!), BBQ pork buns, shrimp dumplings, and mango pudding.  Very reasonably priced! Lots of variety. All delicious. Drawbacks: If you're sitting way in the corner, away from the kitchen, some of the food might not be as hot and fresh.  But I've never had a downright cold item. Also, this is an authentic place and you may have language difficulties!  But that's also part of the fun with real dim sum isn't it? Just point to what looks good and be adventurous.
2	The Dim sum food is OKAY BUT the service is NOT GOOD!!! The staff is very rude and unattending - and the service for dim sum is not worth the money ...we had to ask for water and forks over 5 times and still had to finally end up walking to the  kitchen area to get it and bring back to our own table ( except we don't work there!!!) .I have been there recently and was very disapointed! Especially since there was a "Yelp Me" sticker on the door!  So my family ordered the 1st round of food - and then the cart never came back to us again! We asked repeatedly for more but the staff ignored the request: so point is we wanted to pay more to eat but they were too lazy to work!!! We all left hungry...even other customers walked out mad.....for over $60 dollards - I could've spent my money at an actual restaurant on a better meal that leaves a better taste in my mouth!!!
4	Damn good Dim Sum.  Reason enough to give strip mall chinese restaurants an honest shake.Finally another Chinese restaurant in the valley worth patronizing.
4	I didn't have dim sum here, just dinner.The service was really friendly, throwing in a free dish for us.  They recommended all the dishes for us and by-in-large, they were great and better than what we would have ordered.Snow peas in garlic was greatSizzling peppered beef was spectacularSteamed dumplings were greatThe rock cod in black bean sauce was very goodThe egg rolls were okayThe spicy salt pork chops were alrightDidn't like the seafood & tofu in a clay potA bit too much MSG, but it's one of the best Chinese places in the valley.
4	Mm m m....I love Dim Sum!  My family loves going to China King.  I think it's the closet thing to good Dim Sum in the Southeast valley.  China King is not your typical Dim Sum restaurant; it's pretty small place.  Their service is okay, but is such a thing as good Dim Sum service...Ha!  If there is, then you're not a Dim Sum restaurant :)  The Decor here is mediocre, it's plain jane with no pop, but I don't think they really care.  I would still recommend this place if you don't want to travel to the city to Great Wall.  Enjoy!
3	Again, it's a bit unfair of me to rate this restaurant because I'm from San Jose/Cupertino but I'm gonna do it anyway.So, being from San Jose/Cupertino, I've had me some good Chinese food and even better dim sum. So when the Boyfriend brought me here, I was expecting something decent, but not anything too authentic.This place was fairly decent and authentic! It has the Asian ladies and their dim sum carts. It has the OG dim sum dishes. It even has the authentic less than mediocre Asian service. The only disappointment is that this place is a bit dirty and ragged-y looking. And the vegetable dishes are minimal. In fact, I had to order a veg dish off the menu because they didn't have any dim sum veg dishes and it cost $13! Bleh.
1	This place has become really BAD since the owners changed recently. The dim sum beef which used to be great has become rubbery and the pork has lost all its flavor. We used to enjoy this place before, but now on a recent weekend visit we saw only about a quarter of the tables occupied. After the dim sum lunch, we figured out why. The dirty place and rude waitresses were tolerable because of the good food... not anymore when cold tough meat is served.
4	The food at CK is definitely above average. We ordered the chk fried rice, with salty fish and Kung pap beef and lo mein. Service is courteouos although you may need a mandarin speaker for some of the wait staff. Ambience is typical of a mid range Chinese restaurant. No dim sum for dinner.
3	We went here after seeing the line out the door at 1:00 PM on Sunday at Phoenix Palace.  We were quickly seated, but the dim sum carts were a little slow coming to our table.  Dim sum here itself is fresh and tasty, and cheap to boot.  Our total for 4 people including a special item (Chinese broccoli in oyster sauce) was $27.  Most of our items (har gow, siu mai, sticky rice in lotus leaf, turnip cake) were a little over $2 per order, a really good deal for dim sum.  Why the 3 stars then?  Well, inside it was warm.  Not sweating your face off warm, but just warm enough to feel uncomfortable inside, which doesn't really inspire you to eat a lot of hot dim sum and hot tea.  Also, the table was raised up high at a level that made me feel like I was a child sitting at the adult's table, which makes for an uncomfortable experience when you are trying to reach for things.
4	This is my favorite place to get dim sum in phx. It is really affordable and the food is always consistent. I've only been here for dim sum so I don't know how the rest of the menu matches up.Four of us stopped in this morning and ate til we were stuffed and even had leftovers to take home for only $45 total. My favorite things here are the steamed bean curd rolls and the bbq pork rice noodles. Yum!I especially like coming here on a holiday weekend. They have a larger variety of dim sum offerings. There are random servers coming out of the kitchen with trays filled with plates of different things seperate from the carts. Things such as calamari, salt & pepper shrimp, stuffed eggplant, jellyfish and more...
4	I wish I knew a little more about dim sum and the names and ingredients of the entrees that fill the carts.  I feel ridiculous for pointing and asking, "What's that?" only to be responded to in limited english.The up side is that I end up trying new things and just taking what looks good.  Luckily for me almost everything I picked was really tasty.I have been out for dim sum before but I don't remember the names of things.My fam and I came in for dim sum after catching an early movie on Sunday morning.  We were seated quickly which was surprising considering the place was packed AND we were a party of six.  These things were great: shrimp dumplings, garlic shrimp dumplings, bean curd wraps, steamed pork buns (X100), shrimp balls and shrimp egg rolls.  Apparently we chose a lot of shrimp.I was hoping they'd bring around the bbq pork chow mein noodles but they never did.  I did see people with them at their tables so I know they must have been on a cart somewhere.The negatives included: Our table had no chili oil, since we were seated at the back it was hard for the carts to get to us, a tad crowded, not enough rotation of carts coming around.All that aside, this is the third or fourth time I've been here and I probably will be back.  I left very full and satisfied.
4	The next stop on my quest to try the Hot on Yelp top 5 landed me at China King.  I'm a big fan of dim-sum so to get 5 stars out of me you really have to knock me off my feet.  China King didnt quite do that but it was very very good.  Fellow yelper Robert J and I went right as they opened so we did have to wait a minute for them to get all the different dim-sum dishes.  Worth the wait.  Service is very typical for a chinese/dim-sum spot, so you have to find the really good english speaking servers to get what you want without any confusion.  Oh and if you're unable to work chopsticks, be aware asking for a fork...i got the stink face for some reason when i asked for one. i know how to use them i just got a little lazy as i got more and more into my food coma...Will definitely visit this place again...
4	I wavered between "A-Ok" and "Yay! I'm a fan."   So, in reality, I would give this place 3 1/2 stars.  Something like, "It's good."  But, compared to other dim sum places I have tried in PHX, I would say I am a fan; four stars.  Definitely better in quality than the Golden Buddha, which recently visited after visiting China King.   I believe the Golden Buddha has slipped in their quality control since the days I used to frequent it.   So, unfortunately , I would no longer recommend it.
3	This review is based on the lunch specials rather than the Dim Sum selection. I am making this qualification because it seems that the great reviews written so far here are based on the Dim Sum menu. Just basing off what I had, I did not find anything special about my lunch plate. It was good, but nothing distinguished it from similar dishes served at other Chinese restaurants. It was a pretty standard and generic tasting meal. I would note though, that I did not even know this was a Dim Sum restaurant until I looked here in Yelp. I certainly did not get offered anything off a Dim Sum cart the whole time I was in there. Perhaps the menu is different during lunch? I don't know for sure. Oh well, I would probably never return to find out anyway.
4	I will preface this by saying I did not go for Dim Sum, I went for dinner.Saturday night and I didn't feel much like cooking so I checked Yelp and found China King.  When I pulled in the parking lot there were almost no cars....hmm....at 6pm on a Saturday evening?  Well, ok, it is, after all more known for it's Dim Sum so we walked in and were warmly greeted and seated and drink orders taken.  There were two other tables occupied but after a few minutes some larger parties came in.  I went over the menu and found lunch specials and dinner specials, some appitizers and some pictures of dim sum.  Nothing more.  Where were the lists of noodles, rice, and chicken, beef, pork and seafood dishes??  Did they give me the american version of the menu?  No worries, I ordered the shrimp with snow peas that came with won ton soup, egg roll, crab rangoon, and rice.  My daughter had her fried shrimp appetizer that she loves and rice.  She got eight shrimp and said the rice was yummy too.  She was happy.  My dish was very good.  Won Ton soup was tasty, egg roll was not greasy, and the shrimp with snow peas had tons of shrimp and snow peas that were cooked perfectly.  Service was great.  We were checked on to make sure drinks were filled and that we didn't need anything else once the food arrived. And everyone was friendly and smiling.  I don't know if this is a common practice but I noticed the other families that were there let their children run around the restaurant.  It was not crowded and they kept to the back so they were not bothering us but I don't let my child do that.  She even asked me why they were not sitting at the table.  I'm the first one to know how challenging it is to teach your child to sit at the table but you have to teach them, not let them run around.  I think it's rude to the other diners but that's just me.One thing I noticed.....there was a large party in the corner that ordered off a different menu.  They were eating family style.  Another couple came in shortly after we did and seemed to be regulars and they got a different menu.  Did I just look like the white person that didn't know anything about Chinese food?  Next time I will ask for the "other" menu....the one with all the good stuff one it.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! Dim Sum is the way to go here. The food is so fresh. They actually have live fish tanks in the back with daily specials. Back to the Dim Sum. All of the shu mai and dumplings are fabulous. My two favorites were the Spare Ribs in Black Bean sauce and the Sticky Rice in Lotus Leaf. OMG! (yes I just typed that). The Pork Spare Ribs look a little different than most pork cuts Americans are used to but the flavor is ridiculous! The sticky rice is filled with very flavorful pork and shrimp. Almost all of their Dim Sum is $2.18! This place is clean and the staff is very friendly. A must try!
3	This place has been on a whirlwind of owners over the years.. if I'm counting right, 3 owners in the past 6 years... the worst was the pompous gui-lo who "renamed" those on his staff w/ limited English such as Obi-wan and Annie Woo or something silly.  Luckily he sold out, and the latest owners (of 2-3 years now I'm guessing) have been able to reign business back in.We come occasionally for dim sum (as sort of an overflow if another place is completely full), and if you're craving seafood such as clams in black bean sauce, you can get it fairly inexpensive here.  I've eaten here several times over the years for dim sum and dinner, including a multi course Chinese New Year meal last year... it's decent for authentic Chinese (total bonus, menu is in English too) and atmosphere is certainly pleasant for all sorts of folks or blends (new and familiar).
4	I had heard and read so many good reviews about the dim sum here that I decided to set up a little UYE and get some Yelpers together to try this place with me. They accepted my reservation for 10 and I was glad we came early on Sunday (11am) because this place filled up quick. The steam cart was positioned to serve us quickly as were other staff with plates of fried shrimp, baked buns and other delicacies. Our group was adventurous and we had dim sum experts and novices, we tried what seemed to be a little of everything. While I do not know the Chinese names for many of the dishes we tried, I can say we tried everything from Sticky Rice seasoned with pork and shrimp wrapped in Louts leaves, to a flavorful tripe dish and my dim sum favorite chicken feet. We also had tons of dumplings, and meat and veggies wrapped in rice noodles and bean curd. I left stuffed! The tea was the highlight of the meal, having both hot jasmine and the mixed black and chrysanthemum tea, it is what truly tied all these flavorful dishes together.  With all that food we averaged about $10 per person including tip. While I will give the food 3-3.5 stars I have to say that my experience here with my Fellow Yelpers was 5 stars!
3	Visited here for the first time during a weekday lunch in Dec 2010.  The place was crowded with Asians, which was a good sign.  They offer a standard Chinese lunch menu or dim sum.  I had the dim sum, which was okay, not great, and reasonably priced.  Servers were somewhat friendly but understaffed and therefore not able to handle the lunch crowd.  The restaurant's interior appearance is not so good and the exterior is standard Chandler strip mall.    My overall impression of the place is it's okay but nothing special.
4	Was here this past Sunday at a UYE with about 10 of us sharing a table.  One of the first things I noticed was the bright orange/gold chair covers with white tablecloths on the tables.  There were a LOT of tables and quite a few of the women walking around with huge carts of all kinds of Dim Sum.I'm sure glad I was there with people who knew what they were ordering; this was my first time doing Dim Sum and I had no clue at all what was going on.  I'm really not that much of an adventurous eater, I passed on the tripe and the chicken feet.  I did like everything I ate especially the sticky rice wrapped in tea leaves, the pork buns, and the custard.  What a value this was too.  I thought we had a huge amount of food and for the price of only $10 a person including tip, I thought more than reasonable.  I was prepared to pay twice that amount.  Maybe I shouldn't give them any ideas. hah!  Regardless, it was a great experience and a whole lot of fun.  Can't wait for the next UYE Dim Sum :)
4	Ok, the restaurant itself is a 3.5 but the Yelp group I was with brought it up a notch.  I was here for a UYE organized by Dolores G with a full table of 10 great people.  This was the first Dim Sum where I went away full.  Not sure if it was because I am getting more accustomed to the dishes served or the choices made by the folks I was with.  Being a slow eater I have trouble keeping up with the fast pace of Dim Sum.  I did not try a single item I really did not like, though a couple were a bit sweet for my normal taste.  It may well take another ten trips or so before I become actively involved in the food selection.  I finally bowed to pressure and tried the chicken feet, it really was like a tiny piece of fried chicken with little bones that the meat had to be sucked off of.  The service was pretty good although we had some communication problems.  I did not see the one iced tea ever get refilled.  And the carts were moving so fast it took a couple of tries to get more napkins.  The restaurant was clean and tidy except for the hallway to the restrooms which were clean.  The owner stopped by to see how we were doing.And I now have a blind mouse on my headboard that has to rely on the eyes of the other animals there to "see" what is happening in the bed. :-)
4	If you sample the dim sum with an experienced taster, china king with treat you well. Clams, bean curd roll, por stickers, ribs, battered fish ( the entire fish), and coconut rolls warm out of the oven. Try them all but don't fill up on any so you have room for a taste if them all.
3	I came here for dim sum with my family on a Friday afternoon after a hugely disappointing experience at China Chan the day before. We were so glad that China King satisfied our craving for dim sum on our vacation and was reasonably priced.Perhaps because it wasn't the weekend, but they didn't push around the dim sum carts instead leaving them on the side of the kitchen. I would recommend picking up one of the dim sum menus from the front desk to peruse the selection because they don't provide a menu on the table. But basically they have all the regulars and they are solid choices. They gave us a complimentary plate of Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce as soon as you sit down. They were very tender and we cleaned the entire plate. Being an ABC California girl, I judge the quality of dim sum on 2 items: the steamed shrimp dumpling (har gow) and the custard tart (don tot). At China King both items were tasty and satisfactory but not exceptional. However, when you live in a town where there isn't any dim sum (like ABQ) then you will take what you can get when you are traveling. Additionally, we had the following items which I would also categorize as acceptable/satisfactory but not exceptional: steamed shrimp & beef noodle rolls, spareribs, tripe, sparerib congee, baked custard buns (I prefer the steamed ones), and chicken feet. We ordered the taro puffs and fried long donuts wrapped in rice paper from the kitchen but they took too long to make them and we were full at that point so we canceled our order for those.I have no hesitation recommending China King for dim sum to my fellow Yelpers. On that particular Friday afternoon, probably 80% of the diners were Chinese/Asian which is always a good sign.
4	This has become a staple ever since we temporarily relocated here. I highly recommend the quality. However the variety does get a little boring. Also the decor is not pleasing. But if you want cheap dim sum and good quality this is for you
4	China King is another one of the Phoenix area treasures that makes me not miss the SF Bay Area so much.  I went for Dolores G's UYE back in Dec and was rewarded with good company and tasty dim sum.  I arrived a lil late so I didn't try all of the dishes but, I made sure to get my favorites.  They were mostly above average and definitely good for what I expected in this area.  There were lots of Asians/Asian-Americans dining at China King when we were there too.  Weird but, that always makes me feel better about an Asian restaurant.  Plus, I like the scenery.  heheThe bill for our large group was only $10 per person.  I'm planning to go back again soon with my roomie. He needs to be introduced to dim sum!See ya there!
4	The best Chinese restaurant in the east valley in all categories from Dium Sum to banquet style dinning. Their steamed fresh fish with ginger scallion is my favorite. I have been coming to this restaurant for 5 years and never had a bad meal. recently, they even invented some new dishes for the weekend luncheon carts.Tthe stir fired radish cake with bean spout is delicious!
4	Yes Yes YesChina King is just another reminder, that the drought left by the absence of China Doll on 7th avenue, is long over.China King is a medium size restaurant found in Chandler(shocker) and serves both a full menu and dim sum on the weekends.  The dim sum, while light on the variety in my opinion, is always spot on, meticulously made and phenomenal tasting.  You can always count on China King to bring the best quality dim sum each and every service.The regular dinner menu consists of time honored traditions that the Chinese community in Chandler has embraced with open arms.  My favorite selections from the menu are the hot pots and unique vegetable dishes.  The tofu and seafood hot pot selection quite simply cant be beat.  The braised bok choy is always tender and explosively flavorful.  Never had a bad meal here and do not see it happening in the near future. Four stars China King!
5	China King, you are my new man. To those fools who have given them anything but 5 stars, I say you must have ordered off of the gringo menu. I lived in Chandler, where Olive Garden, Outback and Chili's are considered "good eatin". Sacrilegious is what I call it. My dining mate was wary of Chinese, the way most people are, because you are never really sure of what you're getting. I am so happy I tried this place. I went back three times in one week for more. I LOVE IT!!The first time I went in for dinner, I was taken aback by all the Chinese people eating there. Think back to every Chinese place you've been. Have you ever seen any kind of Asian person in there (other than the ones working)? Chances are, the answer is no. This place was PACKED. We were handed menus with about 8 items on it. It's your typical General Tso's Chicken, Sesame Chicken, etc...I looked around at what everyone else was eating and it did not look like "typical" Chinese food. So I said to the waiter- "what are they eating?" He said something back that I didn't understand, then he disappeared. My mate looked nervous and asked what I just got us into. Who cares! It can't be that bad!!When the waiter returned, he had a menu that was about 5 pages long with pictures of delicious looking treats. We told the waiter that we liked duck, fish, noodles (and a bunch of other random things) and to just bring whatever was best. We got a half duck as an appetizer that was melt-in-your-mouth good. Crispy skin and tender meat, exactly how it should be. For entree, we got a whole fish and some crispy noodles. We even got some Chinese beer. Dessert was sketchy, but then again, it was free so who can complain?? The other times I went, I had the BBQ pork, the sizzling chicken plate, and some other delicious items I can't recall or pronounce. I also went back for lunch and had the Dim Sum. I almost think I should write a separate review for the lunch because it was that good. I mean, really people just coming around with the BEST food ever asking if I want to try it. You're damn right I do. And don't stray too far, because I'll want seconds.All in all, the most amazing Chinese food in a casual setting with very reasonable prices. The staff is super friendly and efficient. Also, there was some Chinese type "Idol" on TV and I felt very authentic being there, like I would step outside and be on a busy street with open air markets and people serving fried grasshopper. Instead, I walked outside and saw the glaring neon lights of the adjacent Boston Market. Oh Chandler. Does Boston Market even know that it is in the presence of greatness? Bow to the King.On a last note...what is up with these people who write glowing reviews and only give 4 stars?? What do you want them to do, wipe your ass, too? Give China King the comeuppance it deserves!!!!
5	I will say I have been to about....15 different Chinese Food Establishments in the East Valley.That said: I always return to China King.If you LOVE Pei Wei....stop reading...no you can continue, but know that China King doesn't have "Fried Green Beens" or "Lettuce Wraps" Likes:1. The Quality of the food is amazing2. It's not "typical" Americanized food.3. The owner and staff are amazingly kind and brilliantly service oriented. - By this I mean, you order, you eat, and when you want something you make eye contact and they rush over. Let me state: I REALLY dislike when servers come to your table 28 times to ask how everything is. I DO like when your water is empty, and someone comes to fill it silently. China King staff are AWESOME for this alone...but I digress...Things to try:1. The red menu - This is the "Non-American" Menu. If you get the laminated menu, ask for the red menu.2. Shrimp with Glazed Walnuts3. Fresh Seafood - We're talking -they take it from the tank and cook it to your liking- fresh.4. Beef with Black Pepper Sizzling Plate. --- It's like Chili's Fajitas fun! Sizzling goodness...mmm...5. Using Chopsticks! - If they see you struggling, they come over and offer a fork : )I still haven't been for Dim Sum though. This review is solely based on Dinner/Lunch alone. Frankly, I don't wake up early enough - But I WILL be there for Dim Sum soon.Mmm...China King...
4	-Fantastic fresh Dim Sum! (even during weekday lunch)-Decent prices....-Nice decor - typical fancy chinese restaurant decor.-Clean restroom.-Service - friendly, esp for a Chinese restaurant. Although, the chinese cashier guy didn't seem very friendly, the food servers and ladies pushing the dim sum carts were friendly and attentive.-Most of the customers were Asian, which is a good sign of food authenticity...ya know you made a good choice!-Ordered turnip cakes and chinese broccoli off the menu, since they weren't on any of the carts.-Very convenient parking...plenty of spots.-The food is so good, it's worth the MSG headache!
4	This was my first Dim Sum experience outside of a Chinatown in several major U.S. cities that I have been to, and I have to say I was very content with my experience. The food brought me back to walking the streets of Chinatown (Boston) and searching for the best Dim Sum restaurant in that section of the city. The food I felt was really good, with the exceptional blunder, and real fresh. Overall very positive. The service and the decor was the thing that brought my rating to a 4. Service was exceptionally slow. I have never been to a Dim Sum house where they weren't trying to push something on to you every five minutes. I had to wait a very long time for the cart to come around. I also requested shrimp paste around crab claws and the server went to put that request in the kitchen and he told me five minutes. 25 minutes of waiting and they finally came out to me. Eh, I can get over that. They have the ugliest bright orange seat cover in the world! That shouldn't bring the restaurant down, that's just my observation, and opinion. I definitely want to check out some other places for Dim Sum, but I know in the back of my mind if I want good Dim Sum, I know where to get it.
4	Very good food, great service and reasonably priced. Best time to get there is around 11:00 AM, the place fills up fast.
4	I am stuffed!!! This is the second time we have ventured to this place and for the second time, we were thoroughly pleased.  I'm not going to write a long discourse, but the food was excellent.  I recommend this place - I don't give it 5 stars because I don't give out five stars because when you think you've had the best, something else comes along and tickles your taste buds a little more.  Service was great and the staff was always "Johnny on the Spot" when we needed something.  You should give it a try.
2	I'm sorry to be the Chinese Californian raining down on everyone's parade, but I grew up eating dim sum and China King does not cut it. I thought the variety was limited and the taste was meager. I...will not return. :(
4	Came here today with the fam and a few good friends and boy am I a happy camper. Any time I'm surrounded by already cooked dumplings, pork, seafood pastries and noodles is a good day. The food was great. We had several items but for me the standouts were the shu mai and the chicken feet, followed closely by the pork belly and the short ribs. Everything I ate today was awesome, fresh and very well priced. Between 4 adults and two kids, the total damage was just a hair under $60. Still in a bit of a food coma, but I'm thinkin this is going to be a new Sunday tradition.
4	Being Chinese, and having eaten Chinese food around the world and Phoenix, I'd say I've experienced the good, the bad, the decent, and down right scary. This is currently one of the better authentic Chinese restaurants in the east valley. They have a large selection of dishes listed on their American menu and Chinese menu, and much of it is prepared well. The dim sum is pretty good for Phoenix, AZ. You'll find more Chinese people eating dim sum here than any other in the east valley. That's a good sign that the food is authentic.  It's a fairly large space and accommodates a fair number of people, but on the weekends there can still be a wait. Service is decent considering how busy they can get at times. Despite the fact that the restaurant has changed ownership several times, the food has remained pretty consistent. Pricing and portion size is fair.
4	This is our default place for dim sum on Sunday mornings. This is the only place my mom will go and she is, well...a picky middle-aged Asian woman. It is always crowded then, especially if it is a holiday, but that just reaffirms that this place is just that good. The dim sum is delicious and fresh. Also, I'm not a huge fan of rice porridge, but I have to get some from here every time I go.If you're a dim sum novice, you'll find it helpful to scout out the dishes on their website before you go. Trust me, it will be so worth it.
3	This was my first Dim Sum experience so I don't know what to compare it against. I tried a couple different dishes, some were awesome, some were so-so. My favorite were the BBQ Pork sweet rolls.
3	did some take out for the first time here in about 2 years.. stopped coming here with all of the changes in ownership, this place used to be our regular dimsum place..We did some dinner take out, while the house special hkstyle panfried noodles were good.  The rest was still just blah..
3	In my opinion, China King is just an average Chinese restaurant. The dim sum is good, but I'd give the edge to C-Fu.I've been a couple of times and the service was sub-par both times. Not a bad dining experience, but definitely not the best.China King get's three stars for being an average restaurant in every way.
5	Finally!Experienced Dim Sum and LOVED it...I just wish I had gone in with a group, because I couldn't finish everything.What an awesome variety, also...2.50 per plate of food? Uh, yeah I'm in! One caveat, while the lovely older woman *did* try to be helpful by suggesting SO many things, I felt like I had to keep ordering out of respect.For example: I ended up ordering BBQed Pork Buns, and I don't even eat pork. My roommate said they were fantastic though!Things to try:The Coconut Steamed Buns (oh jesus they're buttery and sinful!)The Shrimp Rolls (simple, but tasty!)A piping hot pot of tea with everythingFor 2-5 bucks per plate you can't go wrong.
2	Went back to try the dim sum here last sunday, havent been here in 2 years..  Wish I wouldve stayed away..  the food was ok, Good overall for arizona, But the choices and lack of food really was a turn off. It was about 1245, not late by dim sum timing, but they were already wiped out of all food.  We TRIED to order more.. there just wasnt anything to order! I am Chinese and very used to having to chase down the carts for food when they are busy, but this was silly. The tripe was definitely a unique style, and the chicken feet were pretty tasty.  About all I can say about the food.  I will stick to Phoenix Palace for the east valley...
4	It was a goal of mine to hit up a new Dim Sum restaurant this year as opposed to the same amazing place we usually go to which is Great Wall on 35th Avenue and Camelback.  So I made the trek all the way out to Mesa to discover the treats of China King.      I now know that I don't need to drive 34 miles to go to Dim Sum because it was basically the exact same thing as Great Wall.  The food choices and tastes were literally the exact same...which is great.     Service was extremely attentive and very friendly.   They even had little menus to tell you what you are about to eat unlike other places where no one speaks English and you are diving into mystery dumplings all morning!     If you are all the way in "No Man's Land" (Chandler), hit this place up for a satisfying brunch/dim sum day.
3	not too shabby. good food at a great price.
2	A couple weeks ago, the AZ Republic had a story in their Wed. food section about Dim Sum restaurants in Phoenix. They mentioned China King and so my hubby and I decided to give it a try this Sunday. I am certainly not an expert on authentic Chinese food but I didn't really care for this placeWhen we got there, the only thing they had on the cart was beef tripe. We tried it and I thought it had a good flavor but after that we were left just sitting there waiting. The owner? came by and was very nice and asked if there was anything else we wanted. He gave us a menu of their dim sum items and so I picked a couple and then they were brought out to us. I really don't know the names of things so to me usually the fun of it is looking at the items on the cart and just pointing to stuff that looks good. The place was pretty empty so maybe they just didn't want to make all the items and put them on the cart in case they didn't get eaten. They did have a couple more items on there the next time she came around. The place itself is pretty run down looking. They actually put a large sign on the door to let people know they are open since the front entrance is in such disrepair that the place looks closed. Inside the carpet is very worn and dirty. They have chair covers other decor to try to fancy it up but the table tops were not too clean and overall the place just looked like it needed a thorough cleaning.  And as Karen W. mentioned, it was just a little to warm in there to eat comfortably.  I think I will stick to Phoenix Palace and C-Fu on the rare occasions that I do get a craving for dim sum.  Those places are a lot nicer looking and I think have better food even if they do charge a little more.  The only thing that kept this place from one star is that we both stuffed ourselves for less than $15.http://www.azcentral.com/thingstodo/dining/articles/2011/07/25/20110725phoenix-dim-sum.html
4	While in Tempe decided to get some Chinese food.  After searching Yelp we decided to go to China King.  The restaurant has a wedding reception feel to it.  We ordered shrimp fried rice, the beef in french sauce, scallops in XO sauce and my wide ordered the spare ribs in black bean garlic sauce which they made special for her since they are not on the menu.  We enjoyed our meals and they were very tasty.  I would go back and recommend to others.
4	Yummy Yummy Dim Sum.  It felt very much like a place in ChinaTown in NYC.
2	The food is ok ,not a great selection ,service is friendly but not very attentive all of our dim sum was stuck to the bottom of the metal container so they fell apart as we tried to remove them we had to flag an employ down for more ice tea I guess slurping my glass was not enough of a clue ...............will I be back .............NO
5	This is (another) all-time favorite! And to prove that, we go here at least every other week or when cravings call for it, we go every week!! Crazy huh? The hubbie and I and another couple who are great friends of ours usually spend at least 2-3 hours here, every trip, that's how much we love visiting this place! The owner and the servers know us...that when they see us come in, they start making our made-to-order favorite dishes and the hubbie's at least 2 small bowls of hoisin sauce..:) and from time to time they give us discounts for our entire meal! Sweet!! :) we have brought in friends and families from out of town and they also loved the place! Our all time dim sum faves are bean curd, hakaw, shrimp with veggies, siomai, fried small fish and my ever favorite, sticky rice!!! :-) for dessert, we love the sesame balls, both the yellow and black ones, and the Spanish coconut bread...Service I should say has always been good, we've also been given gift certificates on one occasion when they made a mistake with our bill. Price is very good for $2.75 per dim sum! All in all, I would truly ever recommend this place, food, affordability and service wise! And like one of the yelpers had said, you see a lot of Chinese people here, only means it's pretty good! Yummy!!! :-)Oh and if you go and check out the place, you might wanna make one of the female servers give you a big smile by saying "She she Mei li" after each time they put something down on your table...They like that coz it means, 'Thank you beautiful', in English...:-)
2	Went to eat dim sum on Labor Day.When we got there, the place was somewhat empty, so we thought service would be quick.After getting 2 types of dim sums, the place suddenly got crowded, and service just went down the drain.Not only we couldn't understand the cart ladies (VERY heavy chinese accent), but they would always skip our table and serve the bigger party table next to us (who were chinese)!And by the time someone brought a cart, it would be empty, or wouldn't have what we wanted.We ended up trying only 3 different things, and left.The only reason i'm giving 2 stars, is because when i "checked in" on yelp through my phone, it showed a deal for a free soda.Food wasn't even that good either!
5	The best authentic Chinese restaurant I have ever been to.  My wife and I went there thinking we could get some Dim Sum but when we got there they weren't serving it at that time.  We decided to try this place none the less.  The menu was massive and had at least 100 different entrees.  Some of them familiar favorites such as General Tso's Chicken and other more traditional Chinese dishes such as shark fin soup.  You can tell this place is authentic by the atmosphere and the outstanding service that you receive from the staff.  Be ready to eat is a piece of advice I would give to anyone thinking of going to China King because the portion sizes were very filling.  For true authentic Chinese food you need to go to the China King.
2	I read a lot of good reviews on this place so decided to check it out while I was visiting. So disappointed! The dim sum was sub par. Even the most basic stuff didn't taste right. Not much variety.
4	very cute place. we wanted some dim sum but ended up ordering meals. we should have stayed with the dim sum idea bc that was the best part.  everything was insanely fresh and clean. the soup, the spring rolls, the dumplings...yum. the actual meal (general tso) wasn't that good, i gave it away. but everything else was tasty and the service was really sweet.
5	I live in central Phoenix and wanted some Dim Sum badly! I didn't want to drive up to my usual place since I was going the opposite direction, to Tempe. I looked up and found this place served Dim Sum. yay!  Me and a friend jumped in the car and headed down to China King. I sat down with excitement and rubbed my hands together as I opened the Dim Sum menu. I was then informed that Dim Sum ended at 3. Boo!I pouted for a bit and didn't want to eat anything since I couldn't get Dim Sum but my friend convinced me to give it a try and I am SO GLAD she did. The dishes were fantastic, fresh and flavorful!We ordered the Tofu #1 and some Chow Mein as well as an order of pot stickers. I would recommend just about anything from this place even without tasting it but those plates I had were fantastic. Too bad it's so far away or I'd make myself a regular.
4	Very good dim sum! Bright cheery atmosphere inside with bright orange and red seat covers! Owners were very pleasant. Got there at 11:15am on a Tuesday and the dishes were ready and a nice selection was available. Many Asian people were eating there, so that is always a good sign and even on a weekday! I grew up in Vancouver and SF, so I was spoiled eating excellent dim sum there, but now I am in AZ and I am excited that there are several more choices around.  I live up in North Scottsdale and usually go to The Great Wall for dim sum. Chandler is a trek, but The China King was a nice change and I would definitely recommend it! I always measure the hagows and these were good, with real shrimp pieces. They were small, but still very tasty. There is lots to see in the surrounding area, so I would make an afternoon of it. I noticed the nice clean bathrooms compared to The Great Wall. I am not sure what other businesses were in this mall before, but other than China King and The Boston Market, the strip Mall looks a bit deserted today. I need to go check out Phoenix Palace and C-Fu and will give my overall comparison, but for now, I would definitely return to The China King. I also like that all the dim sum dishes had prices with an "8" in it, eg. $2.28!Afterwards, I would recommend checking out the Lee Lee Asian market on Dobson - only 5 minutes away and also the Imperial Foot Spa for a true authentic Chinese Reflexology Foot Massage! Both are in the same mall! Everything Asian seems to be moving over to the Chandler area now so it was fun to take the trip down South and explore . . . .
4	Having moved from the San Francisco Bay Area of California, I missed Sunday dim sum something awful!  All over the Phoenix metropolitan I went, searching, tasting, searching... China King is the spot I take visiting friends and family and it's also the spot my family enjoys for Easter brunch, Mother's Day and sometimes Thanksgiving Day brunch.  There are so many choices, all delicious, all served by friendly and attentive staff in a comfortable and clean atmosphere.  I'm definitely a fan and could only wish for a lightning fast transport to get me there from Glendale.
1	We tried this because it got good reviews. So we ordered to pick up, got the food back home, and each container had a ton of watery grease, the egg rolls were also full of grease. And the taste wasn't that great either, I felt like I could have gotten better food at panda express. One of the four people ended up with stomach problems the next day. The price was cheap but so was the food. I was expecting so much more.
1	One of the most aggravating restaurants I have been to in awhile. My partner and I were so irritated that we both got into an argument we were so irritated.First arrive and there is a woman sitting behind the front counter and she does not greet us right away so we are standing there awkwardly not sure of what to do, my partner asks, "are we supposed to sit ourselves?" to me. Then she finally greeted us and we were whisked away to a huge table for only the two of us. All of the colors are bright in here which didn't bother me the same way they seem to bother everyone else.We were given a very short menu with half in Chinese but then after awhile I see another couple with a very extensive menu and I am left wondering wth? I checked online before I went and saw that they had vegetarian options which I did not see on this extremely short menu. The other couple was white and we are not so it was not like they got the better all Chinese menu because they were Asian or something. When the owner comes to the table we request the other menu which he was happy to oblige. There were so many options you could get lost in that menu but I liked it.We ordered a half duck, and vegetables in oyster sauce with jasmine tea. The duck came for some reason 10 minutes before my meal did so we both had to sit there waiting for my food because my partner did not want to eat without me. No Jasmine tea had come by that time 25 minutes after ordering. The duck was greasy and cold as my partner described it; it was like if someone had cooked it earlier in the day and left it out, room temperature and old tasting. When they finally came with my meal I found that the 'vegetables' was really only bok choy in some oyster sauce, I was very unhappy and the bok choy they gave me was mostly stems. We had to remind the original waiter to bring our tea and we ordered some spring rolls at that time.The tea finally came and my partner asked for a spoon for the rice and that took 5 minutes to bring that, I even think that was yet another waiter who came to the table. My partner asked if they could warm up the duck which they did. Service was sooo slow even though there were many workers. The spring rolls we ordered never came so in disgust we just had our meals boxed and walked up to the counter to pay rather than wait 20 minutes to pay a check at the table. We will get our roasted duck from Lee Lee's from now on.
5	Tried several dishes for the first time loved them all. I spent a lot of time in the far east and this is as good. Today went for the dim sum, kathie and I ate alot and the bill was less than $20. I would have paid double.
3	Went with best friend to China King because she was telling me about the Dim Sum for lunch on a Sat, when we walked in a I was impressed by the bright colors of the tables & chairs, loved it! Love details like that!  They have a wide variety of items offered and even if it's not on the carts being pushed around you can ask for it and it will be ordered up!  Also checked in on my yelp app and got a free soda, which I turned into a ice tea, but how cool is that!
3	well there's good and bad. food is authentic chinese great food. but the staff and owner are racist. again the food is awesome very good. but man i was let down yet again. i had delivery...... which i swear these where the words out of the drivers mouth...(next time maybe you order from friend of mine he right next to us he caters to american american - chinese food. we are more for chinese food cooked for chinese.) i wanted to call back to store to complain man after hearing that i found out the delivery guy was the owner and let me tell you!!!  i loved the food but i would not recommend this place to anyone.very racist. if you can ignore the racists then you  would love the food but man with the racists it just leaves bad taste in my mouth personally.
5	The food was so good!! I drove all the way from tempe just for a meal and I do NOT regret it at all!! I will be back again and with more people next time
4	Dim sum is a great experience. The staff passes by with their steam carts & shows you a variety of items (steamed or fried) and each order is 3-4 pieces. If it looks good try it! You might be surprised. The best thing is the prices are very reasonable. They keep your ticket at your table & mark it off as you go so you always know how much food you are buying. Staff is very friendly, though sometimes a little hard to understand - but hey its authentic! If you want something you don't see just ask & they will make sure it comes over to you. I highly recommend the fried noodles with bean sprouts & onions. Also the steamed buns filled with BBQ pork are a must! They are sweet & savory & delicious. For desert we try to get the bread filled with a coconut paste & you have to try the sesame balls! The balls are filled with red bean paste which sounds scary but is sweet and yummy, then they are rolled in white & black sesame seeds & fried to a crispy finish. The texture is amazing, fried & crispy on the outside of a gummy but soft ball & then the warm almost gooey filling in the middle. They come with 3 on a plate so if you are like me & always go with someone else you may have to fight over the extra one. I will recommend this place to anyone. My husband & I cant wait to try them for dinner one night to try their regular menu.
4	Authentic Chinese food, a rarity in this area of town!Black bean cod, beef with Chinese broccoli, and ginger chicken. Absolutely tasty.Legit Chinese food.I'll definitely be back. See you there.
5	I am so glad I found this place! By far...this is the best dim sum place I have found. The place has tight seatings, but I don't care...I'm about the food! I love Love LOVE dim sum!!! I need to come back here soon...
4	This place is right by my house, but to be honest it always looked a little dingy from the outside.However, after realizing that they had dim sum and had so many good reviews, I was down to try it!I was already pleasantly surprised when I walked through the door. It was actually pretty cute inside and very clean! A lot of Chinese/Asian restaurants have the tendency to smell pretty funky, but not this place! As soon as we sat down the carts started coming! We had some shrimp dumplings with huge hunks of shrimp in them that were awesome. Most of what we had were dumpling-style dishes (all very good). We also had short ribs that were pretty tasty. They didn't have any green veggies on the cart, but were nice enough to cook some fresh for us as part of the deal. We also had seaweed salad that was delicious, too! They have dim sum every day from 11A-3P, so it's a great thing to do for lunch and pretty cheap (depending on how much you eat). Our total was a little over $20 and we were stuffed!Don't be decieved by the awkward location and shabby-looking exterior, it's definitely worth trying :)
5	My daughter loves this restaurant and cannot get enough of this place! Authentic Cantonese food with fast and friendly service. We bring our family to eat here when they visit.  When we want Chinese food, we come here!
5	I ate here last night, and the food was wonderful. The service was really good too.This is one of those Chinese restaurants that you can easily see is full of Oriental families having a meal, which always reflects well on a restaurant.Overall, a great experience, and I recommend them.
4	Celebrated Mother's Day here and had dim sum.  First time for dim sum and first time for this restaurant.I enjoyed the dim dum.  One of the dishes that I asked about and was told pork.  Well it was pig but not what I was thinking of.  It was pigs' feet.  Very little to eat on a pigs foot but the flavor was good. Would not choose this again.One of the items was oysters which was quite good.They were very busy so service was not up to par (or so I surmise).  I asked for a knife and waited, waited, and waited some more.  I had to ask 3 times before anyone brought it to me.Really loved the custart tart.
5	Whether you have the dim sum or lunch specials this restaurant is top notch!
5	Ssshhhh! Don't tell anyone....China King is NOT a buffet. This place it as authentic as it gets! The food is amazing, the staff is great and they are always good for recommending something new and different. But, like I said...Don't tell anyone about this little gem. We don't want to ever have to wait for a table!
5	My sister came into town yesterday and I have been telling her I have been craving dim sum.  So when she landed at sky harbor,  we went straight to China King.There were only a few people that were in there but we still made it for the dim sum.  To my understanding it is typically packed over the weekend and I will try it over a weekend because I think they may offer more of a variety. My sister and I got 5 different types of dim sum and a pot of tea which set us back 13 bucks. Which is NOT bad at all.  We also had some left overs but if I brought home chicken feet, I think my husband would freak out.The only bad thing that I would have to say is getting someones attention for the pot of tea.  Just to reiterate from other peoples review, drink tea while you are eating dim sum.  It helps with digestion and you don't feel heavy after leaving the place.  Don't add any sugar and let the tea sit there for about 4 mins so the leaves have a chance to bloom, you will be able to taste the tea alot better.Overall, the food was good and I plan on going back during brunch on the weekend :)
5	My mom took me here and we were the only non-Asian people in the place so we were VERY excited.  It was not very busy but it was during the week so maybe that was the reason.  We ordered hot green tea to start with then I ordered the won ton soup and my mom ordered a dinner special that was chicken chow mien with friend rice, 2 crab puffs, and 1 egg roll (I ate the crab puffs :-D ).  My won ton soup was HUGE and absolutely delicious!!  I want to tell the world about this place to share it's deliciousness.  It had wontons, chicken, shrimp, and steak pieces all inside this soup.  I couldn't finish it all and packed the leftovers for the BF to enjoy.   I'll be back (Arnold voice).
5	I have been to dim sum places in Boston, Orlando, Memphis, Atlanta, and Westminster. This place is one of the finest and it's right here in Chandler! The staff was very friendly and the presentation was top notch. Not to mention very clean! I came here on a Sunday brunch and they had dim sum served in carts. You select what you want and wha-lah! Another plus is the receipt on the table makes it very easy to determine how much you owe without question. Not many dim sum places make it this easy to calculate. If you're in the mood for dim sum, come here. Also, there was minimal communication barriers with the servers. A+
4	We come here once in a while and pretty much get great service. I always wonder why often there's hardly anyone here. They told me that it's packed on Dim-Sum days. We go for regular chinese food.   This is one of the best we've found without being overly-priced, like another place nearby.Of note: some chinese food places, when you get chicken and vegetables, give you only bok-choy. This place doesn't. You get other veggies in there, which is great.Also, looking for hot tea? They mostly serve Jasmine tea (they do have other flavors), with the tea leaves floating around in your cup (you have to ask for a teabag or to have them strain out the tea leaves if it bothers you, like it does me).  They also currently have a check-in offer for free soda with a meal. I showed them my check-in offer, and not only did they give us the free soda, we weren't charged for the other soda, either (nice)--I asked, and they said, no worries, both are on the house. And they had no clue I'd write a review, but I have reviewed them on escrip, if you use that to help your kids' schools out (they are part of that group, too).My hubby likes their spicy foods. I like the mild stuff. My son likes the normal adult food instead of the usual kids meal that most chinese places have if they have kids meal (the breaded/deep fried chicken balls aka sweet n sour chicken w/o the sauce).They also deliver in a limited delivery area. The only thing I would caution about is, if you do delivery or carry-out: check your order before you leave or they leave. I sent my hubby for some carry-out from them and somehow they gave us 3 orders of the same thing when we only ordered 2 of that (we also got charged for that 3rd one--I know he wouldn't have ordered 4 meals; we don't have that many ppl in the family--1-yr old eats from our meals, happily).If you are a regular, they will recognize and remember your preferences (example, I like my tea without the leaves in it).Atmosphere: casual, but nice touch to have tablecloths over the tables and also cloth-covers on the chairs, which I noticed they changed the colors last time we were in.  Come on down and check them out! The construction on that side of the street is done (now on the other side), so it's a smoother entrance and exit from those sides of Alma School and Ray.
4	Our party of eight had a terrific dim sum brunch here last Saturday. The choices were plentiful, hot, and fresh-tasting. I love trying new items and this time we tried the fried chicken's feet and the seaweed salad. Both were something new and different for our entire table. Favorite item this time was the duck. It was tender and flavorful, almost like a dessert. Everything was good, and the service is stellar. Prices can't be beat. We ate and ate and ate and our bill was about $15 per person. Yum.
5	I would say that China King is among the top Chinese restaurants in the Phoenix Metropolitan area.  The service is terrific.  You are greeted at the door and shown to your table immediately.  The tables have table clothes which is even better.I have come by here for lunch a few times and have really enjoyed the food.  The quality is first rate and the serving sizes are generous.  In addition, dim sum is typically served during lunch as well.  The wait staff move the carts around quickly so you are not sitting around and attempting to patiently figure out what will be coming down the pike in the next few minutes.My particular favorite are the dim sum noodles; pan fried with soy sauce - yum!The prices are reasonable.  I would say between $10.00 to $15.00 for a good size memorable lunch with tip.A great place to experience outstanding cuisine.
3	I was told that this was the best in the city but to be honest I've had better. They had all of the essentials -siu mai, dumplings, chicken feet, rice noodles, congee, chinese broccoli, etc -  but there was still a lot of dishes missing to make this place a great Dim Sum. We came in a group of 10 and was left sitting around wondering what else they had after 20 minutes. Some dishes that could be better:1. BBQ pork Bun - a little dry and small portion of bba pork - end up with plenty of dry dough2. Ginger tofu - overly sweet and not enough tofu3. Chicken feet - the sample I had was overcooked to where the skin was soggy. Good chicken feet should have some elasticity to it and more texture. I may or may not come back. Try it for yourself and be the judge.
4	Ah, I have found an acceptable place in Phoenix for dim sum. It makes my move here at least a little more bearable :P The variety was good. The dim sum carts came around frequently. If I were to compare the dim sum to my favorite dim sum places (in other cities), it would be only mediocre, but for Phoenix, it is great. My favorite thing I had there was their Ma Tsang. It was the right consistency and flavoured well. Their look funn was also good. Their chicken feet lacked in flavor and didn't have enough sauce! Their congee was fine--not enough century egg though for me :P Their ro po gao (radish cake) was pretty good--came out a little cold though. I wish they had a cart where they fried the entrees to order for you like in other dim sum places. Their siu mai and ha gao were standard, as well as the xiao long bao (soup dumplings). I was impressed that they did have to hu hua (don't know how to describe this in english...sweet tofu dessert/soup?), and it was really good!There was one hilariously bitter woman who just barked at everyone who wanted something from her cart. She was exceptionally grumpy lol. She seriously looked like she hated the world, herself and her life. Other than her, the other cart ladies were very nice. The manager was very welcoming and very smile-y too.  I will definitely be back. Glad there is at least some decent dim sum in Phoenix :)
5	I brought my stepdaughter (Kenzie) here for labor day and the place was packed! My stepdaughter is 10 years old and an adventurous eater and I have been wanting to come back for dim sum and she offered to come with me.  We got there and she was asking how it worked and if it would take long for the food to come out, I just told her to sit and wait and voila not even 2 mins later a lady came to our table with the cart.  At first Kenzie seemed alittle put off but tried the sticky rice and spare ribs she loved it! The food was good, I wish we had more of a selection but I have to remember we came when the place was full and food was flying off the carts.
4	Style of dim sum: pushing carts. Food: The Dim Sum was pretty decent for Phoenix! There wasn't a lot of variety but at least you got all your basics and maybe a few of the more exotic ones. The quality and taste was both pretty good! Service: Really nice dim sum ladies that work here! They were so attentive and very good at selling the dim sum to us! Ambiance: Needs improvement! The dishes/cups were kinda sticky. The whole place screams out a "hole in the wall" vibe but it's actually not that small or hidden. This place needs a renovation! They don't even need to do that much, just a touch up here and there to liven/brighten up the place would do!Price: There's 10% for dim sum right now! The items were pretty decently priced for the quality and quantity!Overall: I would totally come again! It's a good deal!
4	Removed the Yelp sign from the front door? Something feels fishy about that...It is almost like they know something is up with the reviews on here.Anyways, The food generally is pretty good, DEPENDING ON WHAT YOU ORDER, and be careful how you word it, because YOU ARE GOING TO GET EXACTLY WHAT YOU ASK FOR.Stick to the menu, and order based on the pictures, don't try to deviate. If you deviate, they will take EVERYTHING in the literal sense. The DIM SUM is YUM, and definitely worth making a stop here before 3 to catch it. I also attended a wedding that was held here, and all the food was delicious. As long as you don't deviate from the standard offerings on the menu, this place is definitely one of the best in Chandler, and maybe Arizona.
1	Seriously!!!! most DISGUSTING place ever! had a hair in the dumpling of the dim sum one time which will be my ever last time to go there! Talked to them with the hair, the services took the one away and come back without an apologize or anything and walk away again. What a nice service and the food made me so sick all day! HAIR in a Dumpling! EWWWW. even the boss was on the services site and said, "well, if she said no then it is no." so that means me, as a customer, is laying? how FUNNY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
3	The dim sum here was pretty decent, but the service is very slow.  I had to ask twice to get a glass of water and had the same problem when I asked for my spicy mustard. I haven't had much dim sum in the area, but heard it's one of the better places in town.  I will have to try a few more places before I give this place a final grade.
5	Oh my God .... I Finally Found it ... EDIBLE CHINESE FOOD IN THE VALLEYNot only a fantastic night time menu ... but Dim Sum 7 days a week for lunch!!!It might not be 5 stars in San Francisco, but it sure as hell is in Chinese Purgatory Land.Thank You China King for making a stand out here in the desert.I have lived in the Phoenix area for 10 years now and never found a single Chinese restaurant that deserves even 1 star. Not one! (An lord know I tried) People ... Chinese Food needs to be served fresh and jumping off the plate. What's the deal with all these Chinese Buffet's in this town, who the hell eats at these places? Who's giving these places 3 & 4 stars ..........Dude's and Dudette's get thy butts to China King and discover what "real" Chinese Food is all about. Yummy!
4	Good food. Love there #7 on the menu.  Reminds us of  paki Chinese food!
1	I'm sitting here at China King and am baffled at the high rating. The waitress told me they would not honor the Yelp  check-in special.  The restaurant is filthy. There is a film on the windows, and a pair of children's shoes strewn across the waiting area.  The child I think they belong to is actually standing on top of chairs SCREAMING for his mom. This is AWFUL.  There is also a dirty, empty bucket just outside of the front door. I'm not sure why, but eww!! The men's room is SO GROSS, and there's just all sorts of eww everywhere! My best instinct tells me I shouldn't have bothered, but I gave it a whirl, and... The food wasn't *horrible*. The fried rice was really bland. The Egg Drop Soup was kinda barfy. It had nasty peas corn and carrots, and the vegetables had been dehydrated.. they weren't dehydrated very well. My entree was General Tso's Chicken. It was certainly the highlight of the experience, but the chicken itself seemed oddly dense, and of low quality. The prices weren't super great either. I'm guessing all the hype is about the Dim Sum, and the more exotic seafood offerings. I'm still in disbelief that they would not accept the check-in special, filth factor makes me wonder what kind of public health hazard China King is.
2	I really wanted to like this place, as I miss dim sum.  Unfortunately, if this is the best Phoenix can do, then I just won't be having dim sum in the Valley.  Just wasn't that good.
4	Outside of New York or China, this place has to be my favorite place to get chinese food. Rated the top 8th Chinese restaruant in the country. Great dim sum for lunch, great range of Americanized Chinese food to darn near authentic.Portions are large, anywhere from $6 for a decent meal to upwards of $60 per person depending on what you get. Generally it's about $14 for myself when I go. The peeking duck, roasted pork, and dim sum are by far the best things on the menu. Surprisingly they have Shark Fin Soup on thier menu. I've had it in China and it was amazing, but also cheap. At $48, I'll try it here later. I came here with a freind who generally says yes to everything, so the ladies that pushed the dim sum carts loved him. I kept telling him everything is ala cart, hence the "carts" being pushed around. Great meal, but needless to say it was nearly $100 for the two of us by the time we left. Learn to say "No Thank You." Try it, it's easy.
4	Great dim sum in a decent looking atmosphere.
4	This place has he lowest priced dimsum in the East Valley.  Hat doesn't mean the food is not good.  Hey bring out hebusual dimsum fare.  If there's something else you were looking for, just ask your waiter..My favorite thing here:  Chicken FeetTheir tea is pretty aromatic and tasty.
3	Good customer service but the food was a bit dry. I think there is a new ownership because it is not as busy as it use to be and there are a lot of new employees. Overall an okay place to get a quick lunch or something.
4	Second time dining here.   Great food.   Great Service.  The place is clean and nice.  Our food was really good,  good portions.   When we got the check the waiter set a plate down with ice cold sweet watermelon.   We will be back!   We are looking forward to their Dim Sum!
1	Very unimpressed for dim sum on a Tuesday.  Not very many carts with food. Someone was carrying food but bypassed our table and went to other tables.  We had to call them to our table.  By the time the person came to our table there wasn't much selection.  Service here is indifferent and lackluster.  Many tables are just waiting for any carts.  Definitely not worth coming her for dim sum, especially on a Tuesday.  This is the worst dim sum experience I've ever had anywhere.  Was here before for dinner and it was uneventful.
3	I wanted to like this place more than I did. They need more carts for dim sum on a Sunday morning. When we leave because food's not rolling around, that's a poor sign for dim sum. The food itself was not bad and pretty cheap.  Two of us ate for $8 each including tax and tip. Of course, we could have eaten more, but few options were to be found other than the steamed cart of dim sum basics.  Siu mai and chicken feet were ok - not bad, not outstanding.  Bean curd was great.  Shrimp wrapped in rice noodles (banh cuon in Viet) was dry. Order it from the cart instead of trays they carry around to be more fresh.  Tripe was too earthy and the juices were salty for my taste. I think Phoenix Palace was comparable if not slightly better.
4	I'm from China, this is the only place in AZ I go for Dim Sum. Very good variety on weekends, not bad on weekdays too. Not the best I've tasted in my life but certainly the top in Arizona.
4	Service was great.  This price for dim sum at this place is the cheapest.  My favorites were  the tripe and the chicken feet.  Would definitely come here again.
2	Looking for a good Chinese fast food restaurant, I tried the orange chicken and the flavor was ok. Nothing I would go back for. About 4 miles away. Not worth driving for
4	Went to China King for a Dim Sum lunch today.I ordered, Tofu Skin rolls with sauce (my favorite), Siu Mai (Shumai), pan fried noodle, rice noodle roll with beef, and a type of shrimp dumpling.Everything was very good, fresh, and more then enough food for two people.I would suggest arriving pretty much right at 11am when they open. that's when the carts are loaded and it will ensure hot, just out of the kitchen dumplings.Also if you do a little research online before you go. So that you know what to order.That helps a lot too. They don't have the laminated flash cards with english explanations for what each of the dumplings and dishes are. There are many dishes they can do that are not normally on the cart, Like the pan fried noodle. Or, Chinese doughnut with rice noodle.Order... Don't wait for the cart !!I don't know of anywhere else in Phoenix that does Dim Sum like this.If you do let me know.And, if anyone knows where to get real soup dumplings (soup inside the dumpling)definitely pass that along too..China King is worth a try..
3	This is a good, not great place for dim sum. Steamed pork buns are good, shrimp shu mai is good but nothing to write home about.
5	C-Fu, Great Wall, Golden Buddha ... blah blah blah.For those that know the difference, China King is still the go to place for Dim Sum and authentic Chinese Food in the Valley of the Sun. Just stopped in today on a random Tuesday for Dim Sum, small offerings off the carts but they made whatever I wanted fresh from the kitchen. (Turnip Cake, Chinese Broccoli & Sesame Seed Bun)An interesting observation was that from 11am till 12;30PM I was the only white boy in the restaurant. 50% Chinese clients & 50% other ethic races.  WTF, I live more than 20 miles away an I make the pilgrimage every chance I get. Where TF are all the other locals eating lunch everyday. If you live in the Chandler area, put the F'ing burgers down and get your white asses over here an experience real Chinese Food.Oh yea I forgot to mention, China King is offering 15% off you total bill on the lunch menu until the Chinese New Years (Jan 31). Chinese Tea is free, total bill for 2 people was $17. Now you TAWB's (Tight Ass White Boys) have no excuse to give this place a try.
3	When China King opened a few years back, the food was absolutely delicious!  Everything came piping hot, service was pro, and the food was always fresh.  These days, it seems like no matter what time you stop in, the food is always just reheated and never made to order.  I've been to China King for dim sum and dinner and the food seems pretty inconsistent.  I think the previous chef must've left because the food is pretty sub-par.  Their prices are ridiculous for the quality you're getting and service has steadily dwindled to the point where the waitress will burn you with the tea pot if you don't move away fast enough --- never an apology, oh well!  I just hate getting a steamer of dried siu mai and soggy shrimp dumplings.  Nothing makes me more mad.  The overall decor is still decently clean and new but the ambiance is a bit bland!  I say skip China King and head to a better eatery.
4	One of the better dim sum places in Arizona! You've got all your essentials here: shrimp dumplings, shu mai, BBQ buns, shrimp long noodles, sticky rice wrapped in tea leaves, etc. All of it is pretty delicious and gives me a taste of home in LA. :)This is definitely one of my go to dim sum places and worth the drive!
5	I cannot believe I hadn't already reviewed China King! This is my family's favourite place to come for dim sum. We've been to so many dim sum places, and this is definitely the best in the valley and basically anywhere.  They have many typical dim sum dishes such as shrimp dumplings, chicken feet, rice rolls, etc., but we love this place because they have some very special items that cannot be found anywhere. We especially love their fried taro dumplings that not only taste amazing, but also look really cool too. Everything is so yummy here. Hands down best dim sum there is!
5	best Chinese restaurant in Arizona I have been to so far in the 7 years ive lived in this state... im from the east coast and I find most Chinese restaurants out here are really bad.. this place was great! fresh made to order. the hot and sour sour was amazing tasting it could use a bit more meat and veggie in it though it was mostly broth.. the portions where huge.. lunch prices were very cheap!
4	For Phoenix, it's not too bad.  The dining area is small compared to other dimsum places I've been to (across the country).  The service is as expected as most are immigrants - but surprisingly, better than other places I've been to.  The dimsum like I said is OK.  It's on a cart so that's cool and I didn't feel like stuff was "reheated" but the whole dynamic of how it all ran and being able to get the dish you wanted and when you wanted just didn't flow very well - probably due to the small dining area.  We waited a lot for our food - which is bad for them b'c the longer you wait, quicker you get full so for 2 adults and 1 toddler, we usually spend around $40.  Today, $30.I live pretty far and just happen to be in the area.  I don't think I'd come here specifically just for dimsum but if I were in the area, I might go try it again.  I know my tone sounds like I should give this place 3 stars at most but I'm trying to compare it to other dimsum places in the area.  If I do that, then it's 4 stars.
4	Great food!!! My first time with dimsum & loved it! I was the only non-Asian person there, so it seems pretty authentic.
4	I love this place! Great comfort food. The only reason why they are missing a star is because the servers aren't too friendly. They usually are talking to each other in their own language and sometimes you need to flag them down if you want any type of attention. I wish this place was a lil bit bigger as well, sometimes the carts will hit the back of my chair and they wouldn't even say sorry or excuse me. They just keep going. Talk about rude. Other than that, the food is amazing, it's fresh, and probably one of the best dim sum I've had and I've had a lot.
5	Great authentic food, attentive service and the price is very reasonable!
1	This places sucks on service and food the food is bland and tasteless. Not much of it and the service is the worst i have seen yet!They never gave me a refill and tried to flag time several times, unless your asian, you may get better service!! Will never go to this dump again!
1	You better read!  Just announced on CBS Facebook page!  10 health code violations...http://www.kpho.com/story/26572596/dirty-dining-apr-17-worst-offender-has-7-health-code-violations?autostart=true
4	1st. OMG they failed a few items on inspection, and fixed them DURING the inspection, Really? Have you ever worked somewhere scrutinized by the county? Anyways, It happens.. Most of you wouldn't eat from my kitchen so piss off.... So get off the bandwagons, and support local businesses.We come here regularly, and find this place one of the better places in the east valley. My faves are the Calamari, bbq pork, Chinese Broccoli, and the Shumai. Staff has always been great and very hospitable. This place is also A LOT Cleaner than C-Fu Gourmet... You pick !
2	Decided to try dim sum today at China King and am sort of disappointed. Pretty much everything was luke warm to cold in temperature. Was more expensive than Phoenix Palace or Great Wall, but I will give them the fact the restaurant is cleaner and well kept as far as decor is concerned.
5	Worth a 45 minute drive across the valley.  We had a Peking duck, served in three courses.Sweet moist and tender.Their dim sum....oh yummy each  well priced dish was even better than the one before.    If the bathrooms were filthy (they are NOT) and there was a decided stench of yesterday I would have thought we were in NYC Growing up we went to HSF which means there is a high bar to reach.The Staff and chefs of China King out did themselves
