5	Truly a mom and pop restaurant.  I work out at a dance studio nearby and wandered in while walking to my car.  So glad I did.  Just got a 1/2 rack of ribs and cornbread to take home try out with my family...wish we got a full rack!  It was very tasty, and will definitely be back to try out some other menu items aside from the ribs :)
5	Locally owned and bring great tastes to Phoenix and Awatukee.  Family run with simple and great dishes.  Fried Chicken to perfection, Rib's are fall off the bone tender and tasty, Cornbread is great.  Don't miss the sides:  Sweet Potato, Baked Mac and Cheese, Baked Beans.  Seems that most with the exception to the Ribs, that are slow cooked, is cooked to order and fresh.Owners are cordial and friendly.  Still getting their signage so it is a touch hard to see.Good portions, going to take a bit to crawl through all the offerings especially the Sides and Desserts.In the Basha's Center at 48th and Warner on the South side.
3	The Customer Service was Awsome, the Catfish and Tilapia Dinners were good! I just didn't like the potato salad, I also had the Red Velvet Cake, it was heavy and had not taste, the frosting didn't have much if any cream cheese in it, that would have helped the cake taste better. I think I'll try a pie next time. I'm a baker myself so I'm sorta picky when it comes to bake goods! The price is good too for all you get.
4	Thank goodness I found this place.  I was worried I was going to have to suffer out the rest of my existence in Phoenix without decent fried chicken.  Family owned, friendly, accommodating, and fantastic food are all things I love about many different restaurants, but when they come together in one place, you can bet I'll be a regular.  I happened to be in the Ahwatukee/S Phoenix area for work at the end of the day and found myself checking Yelp for places nearby to pick up dinner.  Ezekiel's popped up, the few reviews were extremely positive, and who am I to turn down chicken if everyone likes it?  I've been here about 3 times now (with many more visits in the near future), and the food has been consistent, flavorful, hearty, and filling.  The chicken is juicy on the inside with a wonderful lightly crispy skin; I found myself licking the bones for more flavor when I finished off the meat.  The cornbread was the best side, with just the right amount of crumbly graininess, and I would highly recommend ordering extra.  I wasn't too impressed with the green beans (slightly soggy and overcooked), but I refuse to let that detract from the main dish: chicken.  You go to a fried chicken place for the fried chicken, not for vegetables. I didn't find the wait too long, though I usually order ahead of time and go pick it up.  I appreciate food cooked to order, rather than food precooked and sitting under a heat lamp.  Yes, more, please!
4	Good family restaurant
5	This is another rare violation of my own personal policy of "two visits before a stellar review." In this case, I must tell any and all readers that I have discovered the VERY BEST FRIED CHICKEN IN PHOENIX.Ezekiel's is transplanted from York, Pennsylvania and it is our good fortune that they landed in Ahwatukee. A little short on ambiance (can you imagine old fashioned Formica topped luncheonette table ambiance) it really doesn't matter. Take it home; it seems everyone else is, based on the customers there on a Saturday evening taking theirs home.Ezekiel's has managed to do with fried chicken what Lolo's, Mrs. Whites and others here in Phoenix just can't measure up to. The cooked to order Fried Chicken is served up golden crispy on the outside, yet still light, without that heavy batter so many insist on using and no oily taste whatsoever. Ezekiel's is doing it right and in my opinion, better than almost any others I have had, even better than the now world famous Willie Mae's Scotch House in New Orleans. In addition to that golden crust outside, each piece is tender and juicy on the inside. The breast portion is as big a chicken breast as you have even seen! The only drawback with that large a breast is that I found I ran out of "crispy skin" long before I was done with the luscious white meat. Absolutely flawless fried chicken and reasonably priced at 8 pieces for $10.99 (with two servings of cornbread) and 12 pieces for $13.99 (with three servings of cornbread). Price really doesn't make a difference, for fried chicken of this quality, I would pay more!The normal "sides" you expect to find in a "Soul Food Restaurant" are here, with collard greens, fried cabbage, sweet potatoes, potato and macaroni salad, etc. My choice, based on the recommendation of the very nice lady who took my order (a daughter in this family owned establishment) was Baked Macaroni and Cheese and it did not disappoint.I am going to find it hard to try their other specialties (Catfish, Tilapia, Ribs, Crab Cakes and Salmon Cakes) because I will NOT be able to resist the fried chicken. Maybe I will try the others for lunch.Get there and when you do, chances are you will find me waiting for my next order of the VERY BEST FRIED CHICKEN IN PHOENIX!
5	Not only was the chicken the best I've had in Phoenix, the sides were all great too. The staff was very friendly and helpful as it was our first time in. Yelp says they closed at 9 but their door said 8. The (I'm assuming) owner assured us they would cook as long as people were coming in for food. So if you're craving really juicy well seasoned fried chicken, this is the spot!
4	This little place is a hidden gem. Don't pass it up - terrific food, friendly people, and did I mention terrific food? We had ribs and fried chicken and several side dishes. The ribs were tender and meaty with a delectable bbq sauce. The chicken was lightly battered, peppery, hot and delicious. Sides - collard greens to beat all, fried cabbage, sweet potatoes that were sweeeeet and green beans that were good too. The cornbread was a bit sweet, but dry. It could use a little butter and honey I think. But hey Ezekiel's I will be back again and again and again. Yum.
5	Move over Lolo's, Phoenix finally has a good fried chicken restaurant. The owner and staff are very friendly.  Everything is homemade, excluding french fries. My order (for three people) consisted of a 12 piece fried chicken with 3 pieces of cornbread and a large serving of collard greens.  The amount of chicken was HUGE and there was plently to take home for left over.  Bottom line, the fried chicken is fantastic.  I have no need to go to Lolos anymore; besides the only reason I went there in the first place was for the waffles.
5	Best fried chicken in Ahwatukee? How about best fried chicken west of the Mississippi River! Lunch was fabulous! Fried chicken, cole slaw, perfect. Next "don't feel like cooking " evening I'll be getting a whole bucket!!
1	This place is a dump. When I walked in I noticed that there was not a soul there yet all the tables were dirty and the staff were sitting at the dining tables playing on their laptops. I ordered fried chicken and sweet potatoes and after waiting 25 minutes for my food to arrive I realized they gave me collard greens instead of sweet potatoes.  I was also served warm water because they ran out of ice so one of the employees went to get ice from the Basha's right around the corner and when he returned he had to turn around and go right back because they also ran out of change.  Needless to say I will not be returning although the chicken was decent.  I can't see this place lasting more than a couple more months.
4	FRIED CHICKEN, FRIED CHICKEN & MORE FRIED CHICKEN! By far the best fried chicken I have had and I don't have to drive all the way to Phoenix. Heard about this place through my boyfriend's mom who got their coupons in the mail. It's a bit hard to find but look for the circular yellow sign, that's Ezekiel's. It's a small place but the owners are extremely nice. Walked in and I think it was the owner's daughter and son sitting in the table closest to the counter (didn't really enjoy having them sit there the whole time on their computer, kind of made us uncomfortable when we were eating our meal). The daughter took our order which was the 2 piece meal but she didn't let us know that you had a choice to pick your pieces. We had to find out when the owner was taking an order and offered it to his customer.... oh well. Our food came out and it was delicious! I had collard greens and everyone said mac n cheese was a must-have. So collard greens were AWESOME! I had to add a little more apple cider vinegar and hot sauce cuz I like my greens with a tang. Mac n cheese... ehhhhhhhhhh. When you say baked, I assume it's going to have a crispy crumb topping. It was just crusty cheese on cheese. It wasn't as creamy either, a bit oily and I couldn't finish it. It was good overall but just not what I expected. The cornbread is sweet and crumbly and the fried chicken is to die for! Crispy, hot from the fryer, full of flavor and JUICY! THIS is mouthwatering, finger licking good, pick up the crispy pieces from your plate GOOOOOD! We had a coupon for a free dessert and I chose the chocolate cake. A little dry cuz it was late at night but it was DIVINE. So sweet and the frosting is really good. Definitely wanting to go back for more fried chicken!
4	Really delish food, fresh, and friendly service. Fried chicken was amazing, really good corn bread.
4	My husband is from Louisiana and we've wanted to try this place.  We had the fried chicken and ribs, both great!  For sides we tried the greens, sweet potatoes, Mac n cheese and macaroni salad.  My husband loved the greens, I loved the sweet potatoes.  The family that owns it are so nice and helpful, my daughter thought the woman at the front was great.  It took a while to get the food.   You can order ahead or they do local delivery.  Like the other reviews said, it is not fancy, just down home cooking.   Can't wait to try the desert, people came in just for the banana cake and the triple chocolate cake.
4	Happy to find another great place in the East Valley for some comfort food. Had the Frie Chicken Combo w/Mac & Cheese & Greens. Entire meal was on point. Looking forward to returning back for the Catfish, and Ribs, just gotta pace myself....
5	No better fried chicken in AZ!! Way better than Lolos and the staff is AMAZING
5	If you are from the east coast and have been on the never ending search for Crab Cakes in the Valley of The Sun...look no further.  Crab Cakes reminds me of Baltimore Inner Harbor!. The ribs ( not much of a meat eater myself) the hubby got... but.... I must say...... he did not end up with many for himself good thing we share.  The sweet potatoes..perfection.
5	Yum!!!  Finally, a place that serves fried chicken.  And not just any fried chicken; the BEST fried chicken I've had in Phoenix!  The catfish was also delicious.  We tried the macaroni, green beans, cole slaw, and fries (for the toddler).  The sides alone could be a meal.  We didn't have anything to take home, so we ordered ribs to go.  The owners are friendly and greet you as you walk in and then they come around to check on you and chat for a few minutes.  We will be back, to try the rest of the menu.  Keep in mind this is not fast food.  It will take 20 minutes or so to prepare your meal for you.  Good food is always worth the wait, in my opinion.
5	Wow! All I can say if wow. I had this for the first time on Friday and it was the best soul food I've ever had.The chicken was amazing, the sweet potatos were great, the mac and cheese was perfect and the red velvet cake was the best I've had.The only complaint I have is it's too close to my home in Phoenix. That's like putting a crack addict next to a crack house! All kidding aside, the portions were huge so remember that one meal could actually feed two adults. You won't be sorry.
5	My family visited Ezekiel's for lunch last week.  I'm from Atlanta and my wife is from Texas so we both grew up eating the sort of food that is served here.  We had a variety of items -  fried chicken, crab cake, sweet potatoes, collard greens, macaroni & cheese, and corn bread.  All were excellent.  Stand outs were:  fried chicken that was served up so hot that we had a wait a bit before we could take a bite; Sweet potatoes that had an awesome flavor; Collard greens that were just right - tender, but not mushy and not too salty or sweet like some places.We were extremely pleased that authentic southern comfort food is now available in Ahwatukee and will be visiting again soon!
4	Not just Locally Owned..........FAMILY Owned & Operated.  Ahwatukee needs more of this!!  SOLIDS:  Fried Chicken Sandwich came with a really nice piece of boneless chicken, fresh piping hot. Collard greens, cooked right (not mushy). Sweet Potato Mash and Mac n Cheese were good sides for the meat.  Loved the hot sauce , just the right mix of vinegar and pepper to offset the plump catfish.  We could tell the oil was fresh, the food did not have any kind of "old fryer" flavor - it tasted FRESH Fried!!Don't go in there in a Hurry - good soul food takes some time to cook.  Get a sweet tea and set awhile.  Kind of reminded me of a family reunion I went to in Mississippi, just good home food.  Brought home mini sweet potato pie and some choco cake with pnut butter frosting YUM YUM.
4	Just had Ezekial's fried chicken and several side dishes by take-out last night. It was very good!  We really liked the chicken, green beans and the coleslaw, which was dressed with a mayo base but lightly--just right and perfect complement to the chicken. Can't wait to try their ribs on my next order. I have high expectations.
4	Superb fried chicken. They have a way of making it super juicy on the inside and crunchy on the outside without it being greasy. The baked mac & cheese is good, too. But don't come here in a hurry. It takes 15-20 minutes to get your food after you place your order. Better to call ahead.
4	Only tried chicken so far but very good!
1	I have never had such awful food... The catfish and chicken were old and overcooked same with the  green beans and the LITTLE sweet potato pie my dog would not eat. The website made me give it 1 star or it would be none. RUN AWAY
1	It smelled awesome walking in, so we were really optimistic at the start of our dining experience.  The food was very disappointing.  The catfish was the toughest fish I have ever tried to eat.  The thinner parts of the it were so hard I could not eat at all.  The fried chicken was super dry.  I dont know why they served it to us because it was visibly overcooked.  The marshmallows that I'm assuming were meant for the sweet potatoes were melted on the bun for my catfish sandwich.  The gentleman behind the counter was friendly but nothing was brought to our table.  Which seemed a little strange considering I need to use a cane to walk and I was there with an elderly parent- so to have us keep getting up to come to the counter to get the sodas he forgot to give us, then the chicken which came out later, then sauces.  We took our leftovers with us (which there were a lot of) but we just threw it away somewhere else because we were embarassed that none of us liked it and felt bad throwing it all away in front of them.  Seeing all the good reviews on here I might go try it again.  I really like to support locally owned business.  But it was really bad food even though we wanted to like it.
3	Well I perhaps expected to much as we walked into this establishment. The wife and I decided to come out here because she read that this was the place to come to have some good SOUL FOOD. The first problem I had was that the place was warm...guess the AC wasn't working. The young lady at the counter wanted us to wait while she finished writing something down from her cellphone. I found that funny because there were only two other people in the place and guess whatever was on her cellphone was more important.So anyway after looking at menu which didn't have red beans and rice.....black eyed peas.....or peach cobbler....we decided to order. I had the fried chicken (white meat only) with the mac n cheese.....collard greens.....large drink.....and cornbread. Chicken was juicy and hot....mac n cheese was good....collard greens were perfect.....cornbread was a little sweet for my taste but it was decent nonetheless. I had red velvet cake for Dessert and that really allowed me to look over the condition of the establishment and the customer service because the cake was REALLY GOOD. Make sure you print out the coupons from there website.....I have read other reviews where people were having issues printing them. They are not actual coupons.....all you need to do is just print the entire page(s) and bring it to the restaurant....they will honor those. The prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you receive but Dulan's Soul Food Kitchen in Los Angeles.....and LOLO's right here in Scottsdale AZ are much better choices for Soul Food. Overall I wanted to give this locale 4 stars....but the customer service and the fact that it was very uncomfortable in there caused me to stick with the 3 stars. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	Above average fried chicken and ribs delivered right to my office. I liked the potato salad and the mac n' cheese but I think everything would have been much better if eaten at the restaurant. 30-min in a foam box doesn't do this type of food any favors.
5	Ezekiel's provides a nice taste of Soul Food right in your own back yard.  I've had the Mac & Cheese, Greens, Cornbread, and Catfish on a consistent basis and they were on-point each time.  Trust me, my wife can throw down but there's those occasions when you want the taste of home without the work.  It takes a minute to prepare buy hey, "Rome Wasn't Built In A Day.'  Jus Sayin!
4	Husband and wife team that were very friendly to me when I came in. Food is good! Waited awhile for my order but the owner was apologetic. Cakes awesome!
4	Oh gracious, what can I say!  Was in the mood for fried chicken and theirs is out of this world.  My husband who normally eats one breast and picks at the wings, ate 2 breasts, a leg, a thigh and a wing. It was chicken with breading, not breading with a little chicken like you get most places. I know someone said they were pricey but I don't think so for the "quality" you get.  The chicken was succulent and the breading was seasoned perfectly. My husband has been to Mrs. White's and says this chicken beats there hands down. Also, tried the slaw which had just enough sweetness and was not vinegary which meets my personal taste. I get my hair cut right next door to the place but this is the first time I tried it and I did it based on Yelp reviews.  Now I know what I will be bringing home every 6 weeks for dinner.If I have any criticism, it would be their $5 delivery charge.  Between that and the tip, I paid an extra $9 over what it would have cost had I picked it up myself.  However, suck it up, last night it was worth it between the heat and how tired I was from work. We are only 2 1/2 miles away so from now on if I want it on a non-haircut night, I will go right from work before my body has a chance to say "hallelujah, cool in here so relax - don't go out again."
4	This place was recommended to my boyfriend and I by an acquaintance of ours. We were looking for something a little different than usual when we stopped by this place. As it turns out, it's a small little restaurant on Warner in the plaza by Basha's, Chuck E. Cheese's, and many other stores. It was a little tricky trying to find the place but we found it okay.The ambiance has that family owned feel so it wasn't terribly too shocking that it's family run! My boyfriend ordered fried chicken lunch with collard greens, cornbread, and had the Cherry Kool-Aid. I had ordered the tilapia lunch with baked macaroni & cheese, cornbread, and had a soda. The gentleman behind the counter gave us an almost exact time (even though it seemed he was doing everything himself).Once the food came out, my boyfriend and I dug in! The tilapia tasted extremely fresh! It tasted as though they just caught it this morning! The macaroni & cheese actually tasted like macaroni & cheese! The cornbread was as sweet and wonderful as expected!I took a bite of my boyfriend's chicken just to try how his chicken was - and it was perfectly crisp, seasoned, and delicious! The collard greens were also really delicious!Originally, we were planning to purchase & eat some dessert but by the time we were done (and we literally ate everything on our plates), we just couldn't eat any more.However, this restaurant isn't without its criticisms. The Cherry Kool-Aid was way too sweet! Normally, I could handle a lot of sweetened drinks but with this Kool-Aid, it's just way too sweet! I don't know how my boyfriend could handle it since he doesn't really like sweets that much himself. While both the macaroni & cheese and collard greens were extremely delicious, it was still a bit bland. However, it's nothing a little extra salt and pepper couldn't fix.Now the question remains: would we return to Ezekiel's Restaurant? Of course we would! Despite the minor complaints we share, we can definitely see ourselves become regulars here!
3	My husband and I bought our dinner here tonight and here is what we thought.The restaurant service seemed in disarray, the staff were perhaps too relaxed and hanging about being loud and were not wearing hairnets or hats. Nor were the kitchen staff inside.When we got around to eating the portion sizes were good. I had the fried chicken dinner. Within moments of cutting in I found a hair. it was really gross and off putting. My husband also ordered the chicken and in all fairness it tasted good. The sides on the other hand needs improvement. We also ordered the fried catfish sandwich, which was good although you had to apply your own condiments and did not include any "sauce". The cornbread was also goodSo in a nutshell if you enjoy catfish sandwiches, fried chicken and cornbread this is the place to go to.
5	Looooooove this. I come out of the country of Georgia and evrything down to the sweet tea reminds me of my grandmothergrandmother's' Cooking. I went 4 times in one week! 0.o
4	We discovered this place by accident when I was doing some reconnaissance on the pizza place a few doors down. Looked at the yelp reviews and decided to give it a shot. The place is pretty bare bones inside. Counter service and they call your name when the food is ready. We both had fried chicken and thought it was very good. Be warned that it takes a good 15 minutes but that is because they make the chicken fresh. You can tell because it is rocket hot when you get it. I also had collard greens which had a little sweetness to them which I had not had before. Tasty, but I do like it without sweetness so I can go nuts with the hot pepper vinegar. The Mac and cheese I bet is outstanding right from the oven. This was unfortunately a little clumpy but again you could tell that it was homemade. We did not try the desserts, but I am sure we will be back. The folks behind the counter were very friendly and I think the prices are quite reasonable. I thought it was a little unprofessional for the girl at the counter to be sitting and reading or texting. I would think there is something more that she could do, or at least check on the guests to see how they are doing. All in all, I was pleased. This is probably not quite as good as lo lo's but it is cheaper, closer and there is no long wait to be seated. I hope they do well here.
5	This place is exactly what Ahwatukee needed.  Amazing fried chicken with an extremely nice family running it.  The sides are pretty good, but not the star.  I could eat the fried chicken everyday.  The service is always super friendly too.
1	Very disappointed.  My review comes from the perspective of both a former small business owner and as a consumer.  We are new to Phoenix and were looking for another place to add to our neighborhood haunts when I don't feel like cooking.  We got a coupon that read "best fried chicken in Arizona."  I don't fry anything, and hubby was ready for some good fried chicken, so we went.We walked in.  There were no other customers.  The greeting/welcome was non-existent.  The young woman at the counter would probably have preferred being somewhere else.  Turned out she is the owners' daughter.  We ordered at the counter then went to get a table.  The tables all had tell-tale signs of not being wiped down completely.  And I would refer to the ambience as spartan, though the paintings were interesting.  When the food came out, I was surprised that it was on styro to-go containers with plastic knives and forks.I got the crab cakes (good but not great, $11.99 with 2 sides).  The sides were better than the crab cakes, but at $11.99, that some really expensive mac and slaw.  Hubby got the dark fried chicken ($8.99) and the same sides as I.  That's a lot to pay for two small pieces of dark meat, again making the mac and slaw pretty pricey.The owner, who had been cooking, came out from the back toward the end of our experience and was quite congenial.  I hope his business makes it, but it won't be because the food is a good value for the price, nor because the customer service is good (it's virtually non-existent).  Bottomline for us:  For the $$, there should be clean tables, service staff coming to the table, and real plates and flatware.  Hubby said when he wants fried chicken again, he'll just go to Church's or KFC...  We won't return.
4	OMG get a cake...get the cakes...get the cake. SO GOOD! This food fills you up and makes you feel comforted. Le sigh. I am full, and happy. Food make with love : )
5	I had my initial doubts about good soul food in the outskirts of ahwahtukee, but I was starving, and it was so conveniently near me.They have the crispiest fried chicken I have ever had. It is amazing, flavorful, and so tender. Warning, the chicken comes out PIPING HOT.One of my sides were the mashed sweet potatoes, which is hard to mess up. MMM5/5 Would come back for some great soul food.
4	I was really interested in this place that opened up across the street, I got ribs to die for,  collard greens to die for, and I learned the mom makes all the desserts in the morning. I got red velvet cake. It was all great, but cost me $18 for dinner
5	I just ate here with my husband and my in-laws and it was hands down the BEST fried chicken I have EVER had! Super crispy and tasty on the outside and yummy and juicy on the inside. And we got 8 BIG pieces of chicken and 2 slices of cornbread for $10.99- such a deal! The owners were so kind and welcoming and we enjoyed visiting with them. The collared greens were perfect- nice and crisp- and the sweet potato pie was delish. I am HIGHLY recommending Ezekiel's to anyone who will listen to me. We'll be back.
4	Love this place...but be ready for a few things. If you are looking for People watching and the game, this might not be the place for you. If you're looking for the Best Fried Chicken and Sides in Arizona, you've found it. The owners are great people who really know how to make you feel welcome. They're smiles are as big as their portions. You'll fall in love with the fried chicken and some nights I lay awake thinking about it. Yes, you can't have it all the time but its worth the cheat every now and then. The atmosphere is pretty plain here but the food more than makes up for it. Drink selection is sparse but plenty of items on the menu to fill you up. I recommend the Fried Chicken, Potato Salad, Collards, Mac and Cheese. Stop reading this review and go here, you can thank me later.
2	Ok I was referred to this place by a friend because I posted that "I would like to go to Lolo's on Facebook" came in the ladies are not super friendly and welcoming but they are nice if you try to strike up a conversation.  The cook was really nice and welcoming and he's in the back. I had a two piece and sweet potatoes..... one word No! The chicken was good but my mom could have made that at home. They did not have cool aid which was very disappointing to me because I was craving that. I think they can do better and I really hope they do.
4	Love the chicken and the baked Mac is the best I have ever had. The owner is a great guy who truly makes you feel like he has welcomed you right into his home. This place has become a regular spot for my family. A hidden gem !
5	Oh my. The food is delicious. Reminds me of going to the south, good home style cooking. I get the chicken cabbage and Mac and cheese. My lady gets catfish, greens, and Mac and cheese. I have tried other soul food restaurants, and they don't come close to comparing.
1	I have been craving some GOOD soulfood since moving here from California in July and after several weeks of google and yelp, Ezekiel's was high on the list of places to try out. So this past Saturday, I was finally able to go there and I ordered the Fried Chicken Lunch meal with 3 sides (mac & cheese, greens and sweet potatoes) and needless to say, I was beyond dissapointed. The greens taste like sugar, the mac & cheese was just the mac (not cheesy at all) and the sweet potatoes were a mush of burnt sweet potatoes with a pound of nutmeg on top. The fried chicken was ok but definitely not what I am used too. I would prefer Albertson's chicken over Ezekiel's anyday. The best part of the meal was the sprite that helped wash down the dissapointment. I should of read between the lines when I walked in and the place was empty.  It's back to the drawing board for me. I think it is safe to say that AZ is definitely slacking in the food department.
5	I just devoured the fried chicken....delicious. The green beans were mildly sweet and had a little kick, different but very tasty. I also had the mac & cheese, it too was yummy. The gentleman that waited on me was extremely kind and the little restaurant had a nice homey feel. I really enjoyed my first experience and will definitely be back. Thanks for the great fried chicken...loved it.
5	I just finished an amazing lunch here. This was my first time here and it was a little hard to find so I'll let you know it's half-way between Taco Bell and Chuck E. Cheese, along the south edge of the mall it's in.I had the Fried Chicken Dinner with cornbread, cole slaw and sweet potatoes. The chicken breast was perfectly cooked, crispy outside and so juicy inside. The owners' experience shows in how well everything was prepared and in the way the flavors worked so well together. Even the hot sauce was a perfect compliment to the flavor of the chicken. The portion sizes were generous too. Laurita and Brad were very pleasant to talk with as I waited for my dinner to be cooked to order. Well worth the wait!
5	Absolutely amazing food and great people. Food is always piping hot and fresh. They get all their food fresh and cook your order when you order it nothing is per made. I'm not in town much but this my go to place when I'm home.
5	Seriously some of the best Mac and cheese I have ever had and the service was so kind and friendly. The owner even gave us some sweet potatoes for our Mac and cheese. Definite must visit
1	This place was awful!  My husband ordered the crab cakes - they were fishy and tasted like they were from a can,  I had the fried catfish.  It was fair - coating was just cornmeal.  Very dry and tasteless.  The sides were also bland - coleslaw was the best although very sweet.  Cornbread was good.  Woman behind counter was extremely unfriendly.  When she brought our meals, served in to-go boxes, she just threw then on the table.   Meals are pricey.   We had a deal chicken and will never return.
5	Was looking for good fried chicken (not KFC or Churchs) without having to drive all the way to Lo Lo's. Found this place. Have been here several times.  Food is delicious every time and my kids love it too.
5	I don't know where to start . The sides are amazing.  Mac and cheese taste like home cook baked (delicious ) . Okay now for the fried chicken . Lord help me lol . It's the best . Family own . Wonderful people . I stay downtown Phx a lil ways from here . But worth the trip !!!
5	Wow! Let me say that again...WOW!!!  This place is so good and it's going to be the cause of me gaining a million pounds since it's so close to my house. This was my first time here, I had no clue that this place was here. The owner told me that they've been here for two years!! I've been missing out for two years! This place is located in the Bashas shopping center, it's sort of behind the Taco Bell. So skip that junk and head straight on over to Ezekiel's!!I had the Fried Chicken Dinner that comes two pieces of chicken, two sides and cornbread. I got their mac and cheese and french friends. I can hear my arteries clogging, but it's worth it!! The chicken breast was huge and it was super juicy. The breading tasted delicious and crispy. The cornbread. Super super moist, sweet and tasty. I really can't tell you how amazing this chicken is, words don't do it justice. You have to come experience this fried goodness for yourself. The mac and cheese will make your toes curl. No joke. I wish I was joking, but I'm not. I'm as serious as a heat attack. They make that delicious cheesy goodness there and it's baked. "whaaaa?!" you say. yup. It's baked there. The fries were really good too. I don't know what sort of fairy dust they sprinkled on them, but they had me at spud. The owners are so friendly and easy going. They made you feel welcome and knew how to treat a customer. If you want some real good food, I mean some REALLY good food, your search is over, my friends. I must warn you, your taste buds will never be the same. This is like taking the red pill...there's no going back. Your eyes will be opened to what good soul food is all about.
5	Honestly it was the best crab cakes ive ever had in my life!! No exaggeration. ..the sides were hot and tasted like it jus got finished. Great food great food! Im going tere today again!!!
3	A co worker of mine and I had been trying to get here for a while, and were finally able to shake loose from work to get over here for lunch. There was an AWESOME Yelp deal $10 for $20 worth of food! We each went with the 2 piece chicken meal that came with a side. We both selected the macaroni and cheese, along with the purple kool aid to go along with it. The chicken was perfectly seasoned and perfectly fried, albeit the pieces were kind of small. The macaroni and cheese was disappointing, it was very oily and didn't have any cream or sauce to pull it together. All in all, it was a good meal but not sure I'd go out of my way to get here.
5	The staff and cooks are absolutely amazing. My wife got the cat fish and baked Mack and cheese which was delicious. I got the fried chicken, baked mac & cheese, and collard greens all of which were excellent the end the inside of the chicken and the catfish were extremely succulent and made fresh. Will definitely be back.
3	Ribs-The meat slid right off the bones. Very tender. Flavor was average.Mac n Cheese- consistency left me wanting. Chunks of cheese were next to chunks of noodles. Good flavor though.Cornbread was awesome!Friendly staff
4	Just had lunch here and it was awesome! I got the catfish, greens and potato salad; hubby got the two piece chicken, mac n cheese, and greens - it was all wonderful. The catfish was honestly some of the best we have ever tasted, no joke. The owner is SO incredibly nice and welcoming, and talented in the kitchen. However, his daughter is a different story. I feel bad because her attitude is surely negatively affecting business - there were only a handful of people in there at lunch time.I hope they stay open because this is a one of a kind place with nothing like anywhere near Tukee!
4	If 5 star dining is what you are looking for this is not your place.  It's a lil divey, old, and warm in there BUT everything else about it is fantastic!  Delicious, moist, and crispy fried chicken.  Very fair prices and some of the best sweet potatoes and coleslaw I've ever had, NO JOKE!  Do yourself a favor and treat yourself to some amazing down home comfort food.  You won't be disappointed!
4	A co-worker and I went to lunch here.  This is the best soul food I've had in Phoenix.  We both got fried chicken dinners, and they were fantastic.  The breading was crispy and well seasoned and the chicken was delicious and juicy.  The sides and cornbread are top notch as well. All the meats are cooked to order so there is about a 10-15 minute wait.  You can call ahead your order though so it'll be ready when you arrive.
5	This place is spectacular.  It's as family owned and operated as you get.  They take pride in their food and they love compliments.  To me, this is comfort food.  The sweet potatoes and collard greens are worth a try.  The cakes are addicting... the chicken... well, don't get me started on the chicken, just look at the stars I rated them.
2	The food was mediocre at best. I can cook soul food, who am I kidding, ANY FOOD very well, but I didn't feel like cooking tonight and yelp had a 10 for 20 deal and they had 4 stars. I go in, it's a small restaurant, decor isn't anything...My niece warned me prior to ordering not to order the fish, it's battered like a fish stick so I stayed away from that. I ordered for me my son and my niece, with my second order I didn't want all dark meat so I order a breast instead of the thigh. When we got our orders, he mixed up which meal I wanted the change made to. That's ok, it happens- he then proceeded with, "that's not what you said you wanted". That to me was rude, I had my niece and son there to verify, then he told me after waiting 25 mins that it would be another 15 mins to fix it. My son is seven, that's not going to work. So I looked at the food, he placed greens in one plate with chicken and cabbage in another plate with the chicken. I'm not sure if he was trying to save money on plates and dishes but then our chicken was soggy by the time we got home...womp womp womp. And the sweet tea, it has to be a powdery drink mix... Overall, the food was edible but nothing spectacular and the customer service was subpar. I will not drive that way for soul food again.
5	Amazing fried chicken!  Always made to order,  definitely our family favorite.  The owners are very down to earth,  sweet little couple.  I give them an A+ for delicious,  juicy,  and  always fresh FRIED CHICKEN!  Great food and great customer service is the key to success.  They absolutely did both in my opinion.  Keep up the great work and we will see you soon!
3	First time ever stopping by here after googling best fried chicken. Like always, i yelp all the places i go to before i walk in. Most of the reviews were good so i was pretty excited. I also saw the $10 for $20 deal so i thought, perfect! When i walked in, this place looked like a small family place. Which is nice since most of small food joints like his has the best food! I showed the guy at the counter the coupon from yelp...he asked me why i bought it? And told me why i gave money to yelp instead of giving it to him...haha. Why offer coupons if you dont want people to use it? This made me feel uncomfortable...I ordered the chicken with the baked macaroni and cole slaw. I must say the chicken and the corn bread was really good, but the sides were pretty bland. If i do come back here again, ill probably skip the sides.
3	I came here with expectation of the best fried chicken ever. sadly i always have high expectations. I got 2 piece fried chicken dinner with mac n cheese and coleslaw.The coleslaw was warm, but only because of exposure to the other hot items. they should put cold items in separate containers. the mac and cheese unfortunately was not up to par, the cheese was cooled down to the point it was stuck together and not coating the actual macaroni, so it was boiled macaroni with some cheese in it. the chicken was delish tho. very good breading and very crunchy. i would come back and try some of their other items for sure.
4	I don't use 5 stars unless it is just over the top in every way. That being said, the food here is very very good. We have been here 4 times now with the family and have tried most everything on the menu between us. All the meats are great. large portions and flavorful. All the sides I have tried, of things I like, were very good. The green beans have a different flavor that will make you never want normal green beans again. I never really liked potato salad but they converted me with theirs. Sweet potato side, is a desert in itself. I am a fan of cornbread and this stuff is great. all they need is really good cream butter and the cornbread could be all you would want to eat.Nice family restaurant, where they truly want to make sure you are happy.
4	Best local soul food around.  Made fresh and served with pride.   Fried chicken and Mac and cheese awesome.
5	This place was amazing! I visited there today. I recently moved from the East Coast to Arizona and I have not been impressed with the Soul Food. I was so satisfied with the food at Ezekiels. The Corn Bread and Mac and Cheese was great! The Chicken was fried and seasoned perfectly and their customer service was impeccable. It is family owned and the owners are very down to earth. I will definitely revisit this place. I work in a call center with over 1000 employees and will be spreading the word that we have this place located within 10 mins of the job.
5	This place is hands down some of the best food I've had since I moved here from Atlanta.
5	SO impressed with their food! Best cornbread and red velvet cake ever. The catfish I took home was HUGE (and tasty) and was almost too big for my take home box. I'lleat there every week!
5	Great food with that back home country flavor. Being from the mid west it is good to have a place that taste like home.
4	fried chicken, yes, maybe the best or close to it??? beats lolos, whites, can't even compare to kfc or churches. its fresh, piping hot great crunch moist n juicy meat, the owner is really nice, but sometimes when he's not there the people are not the nicest but as long as i get my chicken its all good! sides are ok, i get fries n the mac n cheese that i really like. and the yelp coupon makes it the best deal around! i did try there ribs too and i do like them but not what you go here for, i would get them again tho for sure.
4	I give 4 stars for the sides- sweet potato was amazing!!!! I wish they had boneless fried chicken.
5	I have ordered from Ezikels several times and have never been disappointed! Mac and Cheese is the best around, and I take my Mac and Cheese seriously. The owners are super sweet and make it a point to spark up interesting conversations. The space is small, yet very clean. I recommend this place to anyone who is looking for the best fried chicken in town.
4	I would love to try something else but I keep coming back for the fried Chicken. My daughter is a picky eater and says the corn bread is out of this world
4	Ya know these people are a real nice family from PA. They apparently owned this restaurant there for 30+ years before moving here.Is it the best soul food? No. However I'd definitely come back at some point. Here are the pros and consPros:Mac and cheeseFried Chicken (overall good but needs some seasoning..kinda bland)The folks (just nice people)Sweet Potato PieThe cons:The place is filthy. Cobwebs etc all over, dirty floors and tablesLack of spice in chickenCatfish was real plain and had no real flavor eitherPricey. $25 for an 8 piece with a couple sidesThis is a good option if you are in this part of town and need soul food and don't want to drive all the way to Lo Lo's. I have to give Lolo the edge in the flavor dept however. If these guys would add a tiny bit of Cayenne and garlic and maybe a little salt to their batter it would be the best in town.
5	Ah-mazing! Delivery in Ahwatukee of fried chicken, homemade Mac n cheese, and sweet potatoes! Really good food, fast friendly delivery, good prices....can't wait to order again! We absolutely loved it! Found the place unintentionally on Eat24, and took a chance. So glad we did!!!
5	Got to go food here after a meeting in Phoenix. Amazing food, made to order. Friendly place  and good people. The chicken is awesome.
