5	Having been to the original in Berwyn and also to the Villa Park location way back when I was excited to see that they were going in by my house in AZ.  This place brings back memories of "Back home"....the pizza is still the best.  The italian beef was a little too thick and lacked the flavor of Johnnies or Mr. Beef but then again it's a pizza shop.  A++ pizza that reminds me of home....thanx Salernos!!!
5	I grew up down the street from the original Salerno's on 16th Street in Berwyn, Illinois.  It was a Friday night tradition to get a pizza from Salerno's.  One that I missed terribly when I moved to California -- and found, much to my horror, that the "best pizza" rated locally was Papa John's.  Ick.Recently, I discovered that the Salerno family spread wide and a new Salerno's was in the Phoenix area.   My folks live in Tucson now so on the way home from visiting, I made the 50 mile out of the way detour to hit up Salerno's in Gilbert.  It was worth the drive.Salerno's is true to what made us love it in Chicagoland.  The pizza is lavished with toppings and then covered with a gigantic blanket of cheese.  I am told they fly in the ingredients from Chicago, and it shows.  The tastes were all the same, biting into the "regular" order we would place, this tasted just like I remembered.  On my last trip through town, I placed a "to go" order with a large pizza half-baked to show my friends back in California just what a pizza was like.  The staff was beyond friendly and helpful, making sure that I was set to take the pizza back and with plenty of directions to properly bake it at home.I only wish they'd open a Salerno's in Southern California!  It truly is a fantastic Chicago pizzeria.  County yourself lucky, Phoenix, to have this here.
4	If this is what Chicago pizza really is, then I think it's time to move to the Windy City. While the pizza at Salerno's is not the best I have ever had it is certainly in the top 5. A crust that can actually support the weight of its ingredients and more of everything (except sauce and that's a good thing) than any pizza you can find in the Valley. If you can consume an entire Large pizza by your self from any other pizzeria in town then be sure to order a SMALL at Salerno's! I'd bet you would still have slices left over, I certainly did.The restaurant is not high class by any stretch, it made me think it had opened in a rush only last week instead having been in place for 6 years! But that's ok, what it lacks in ambiance it makes up for in good food. The garlic bread is crispy and tasty, the Calzone which the menu says will serve 1-2 people, in reality could make a fine meal for 4 with out much problem.The pizza benefited greatly from a touch of salty parm but that is really my own taste shining through.While this is not the most inexpensive pizza in town it is without doubt one of the best, and certainly the finest example of Chicago Style to be found here.We are looking forward to trying the veal and other wonderful sounding and looking Italian dishes on the menu.Do your self a great favor and give Salerno's a try. It is worth the trip.
3	I really want to love this place, I really do, but I'm definitely stuck right now in the category of "maybe I just got the wrong thing". Probably serves me right for ordering a pasta dish when all the Yelpers are raving about the pizza, but the pasta, while not bad, was only satisfactory. Next time (and there will be a next time) I'm ordering the pizza. Salerno's is definitely a friendly place. While it seemed busy, we were able to get seated right away on a Friday night. My dad taught me to judge a restaurant by how fast waiters refill your water glass (long before the days of Yelp) and if I were going by my dad's standards, this place would get more stars. Their young staff was very attentive and quick to serve. Water was always full. Parking was easy too.
4	So I've driven by this place a million times and have never stopped to eat here. It had been recommended to me by multiple people so I finally decided to try it. The Good: The pizza!!! I like Chicago style pizza and have had very good Chicago pizza, and I have had very bad Chicago pizza. This place ranks in the very good side! I can't say it sticks out but was just as good as I had hoped it would be. No complaints from me on the pizza. I also shared one of their canolis and it was also amazing. Loved it!!! The Bad: The dining room. It is probably the ugliest restaurant I've ever been in. THE WORST!! This place has no atmosphere!! everything is painted dark brown. The tables and chairs look like they were left over from the family reunion 15 years ago. The servers don't carry anything, they push around plastic busing carts, even for drinks. Very weird and not at all inviting. Also, I had iced tea, it tasted like water. No flavor at all. Overall - I gave it 4 stars because I will totally eat here again, the food was great. I'll just get it carry out!!!!
2	The salad the hubbie and I split (antipasto) was different from others in that it was mostly lettuce, but we liked that.  It was swimming in dressing, so I would order it again w/ the dressing on the side.The pizza...tried the thin crust and I did not care for it because the dough was too tough for my taste.  The hubbie who is from Chicago said that it was true to a Chicago style where the dough is more chewy.  I couldn't even cut it w/ a dinner knife.My favorite Chicago style pizza is deep dish.  Since there is no Gino's East, I will continue to get my deep dish craving taken care of by Rosati's dine-in location on McQueen and Ray.  When I want thin crust, it's gonna be either Rosati's or Oregano's wheat crust.
5	Rewind to Sunday September 26th, at the Arizona Bridal Affair at Chaparral Suites. J and I were only planning to go for the "Man Cave" that was to be there according to the owner of Dapper Dan's. We had a free admission flyer, so we figured, why not!? We get there and head to the "Man Cave" but are stopped by Tracy with Salerno's Catering. We had not had lunch yet, AND more importantly, almost a month out, we had pizza planned for the rehearsal dinner. We tried the tasty Cannolies, pasta w/ meat sauce, and the Capicola, Arugula, and Provolone panini. OH MY GAWD! J was hooked after the cannoli and I was with one bit of the panini. After the euphoria of the cannoli and panini wore off, J and I immediately started asking about pricing. We were blown away when Tracy told us that the pricing starts at $8 a person and goes up. WTF?! NO WAY!? After speaking with other establishments, I was expecting at a minimum, $20 per person. Tracy asks if we want to book a tasting, and we jump at the chance. Jump forward to this past Tuesday night for the tasting. We arrive and are taken to our table by the owner and are asked for our beverage order , J's being coke (pepsi) and mine being water. We started out with a salad, with the two dressings on the side for us to try. Ceaser and Italian. Both were very tasty! Next, Tracy brought out a fresh, hot bread loaf. My vice! BREAD! This bread was so good, she could have just brought me that and more butter, and I would have been in heaven. Up next, Tracy had my favorite from the show, the paninis to try! Honey Ham and Havarti along with a Tomato, Basil, and Fresh Mozzarella panini. Both very good! The ham and havarti being my favorite of the night (with the Cap, Arugula, and Provolone being my all time fav!). Up next, the entrees! Chicken Parmigiana, Chicken Franciase, Baked Mostaccioli, and Cheese Raviolis. We were wowed by the freshness. The pasta sauce on top of the Parmagiana, Mostaccioli, and Ravioli was wonderful. The finale was to come - Dessert. J was drooling for another cannoli and I wanted to try something else. Tracy said she'd bring out a little sampler plate with a few things. A cannoli for J, Tiramisu, and a Nuttela (Hazelnut) Brownie. All to die for! After the bombardment of delicious food stopped, we started talking numbers. For what we wanted, $10-$12 a person. J's eyes bugged out of his head and my mouth dropped a little. The cannoli bait was cast that Sunday at the show, and we were hooked after the awesome tasting! I feel like I cant really call it a tasting. It was more like a 2 hour 4 course dinner with leftovers to take home!!  FYI - J just ate the leftover Mostaccioli yesterday, Thursday, for lunch.  He said it was amazing even a day and a half later reheated  This from a guy who HATES reheated pasta.  That's saying A LOT!While our tummies digested, J and I sat and gabbed with Tracy about everything under the sun. Honestly, while we were there J and I felt as if we were part of their family. Tracy said that from the moment we all met at the show, she knew we'd be a fun couple and was excited to work with us. Truthfully, from the moment we walked away from their booth that Sunday, we were like kids on Christmas morning waiting to open presents (waiting for her call and for the tasting). We knew we were in for a treat! Sure enough we were!!! We're definitely looking forward to our Rehearsal Dinner on November 5th!  :D
4	Very cute little place. We were there for Jill and Jesse's rehearsal dinner and they made sure that if you left hungry, that was your fault. From the bread, to the salad to the yummy panini's to the mostaccioli it was all good. Everyone raved about the desserts but I was not a fan (sorry guys but me no like the nutella brownies tiramisu or cannoli's) I could have had an entire basket of the warm baked bread and some olive oil and I would have been a happy camper. The only thing that stopped me from hogging it all was the fact that I had a bridesmaid's dress to fit into the next day. Otherwise I would have done some serious damage.If I am ever out in the Mesa area and craving some Italian, I will definitely stop by again. Good food and great staff!!!
5	Salerno's did NOT disappoint for our rehearsal dinner! The food was plentiful (seriously, what E said...if you left hungry..that was your fault!!) and everyone was pleased with the quality. My favorites - The paninis and the warm bread. Hi everyone. My name is Jill and I'm a carb junkie. The staff was very friendly and helpful. While the restaurant closes at I believe 9pm, they accommodated out dinner which started at 8:30pm. I called Tracy a week or so prior to let her know that we were unfortunately down 2 people and she said that while wouldn't be able to get a refund, we'd be getting a gift certificate for the amount. THAT WORKS FOR ME! We look forward to using that gift certificate too!  :)
5	Best in the EAST ....I frequent Salerno's primarily for the Pizza and it's the best in my opinion in the entire East Valley.  I had dinner there once and the food was extremely tasteful and plentiful.Recently over the fourth of July this year I planned a surprise party a week prior to the holiday and I wanted it catered.  I met with the owner "Ross" to discuss the menu and date.  When I said it was for Sat. July 3rd, Ross looked up and said " You can't be serious".... Being it was only a week prior to the holiday and Ross was booked up pretty heavy for catering and said I can do it for you but I won't be able to deliver it due to the lateness and previous bookings.He asked what the party was for and I told him it was a welcome home party for my daughter returning from the National Guard from basic and MP training. He looked straight back at me and said " NO PROBLEM".  We have to support our troops who are out there protecting us. He made it happen and not only was the food "Outstanding" they were prompt and VERY REASONABLE priced.  Great food, people and pricing......  This is what good local establishments are all about.
1	I went here with my folks last Saturday as they were in town for a visit and some of their friends had told them that Salerno's had the best "authentic Italian" around.The first thing I noticed was the price of the menu items.  Not only did the prices seem a tad high for a suburban strip mall Italian joint with no music and essentially zero atmosphere, they were a full $2.00 higher than the take-out menu my Mom had picked up just days before we went.  That being said, it wasn't ridiculously expensive, and I was dying for some excellent Pollo Marsala.  So I decided to plunk down my $16.75 and enjoy a great meal.What was brought to me was mediocre chicken and mushroom soup on a plate.  The Marsala sauce was as thin as water, and the meat looked like someone had just pinched random chunks off a cooked chicken and plunked them on the plate.  Accompanying the meal was the blandest minestrone I've ever had, and a bowl full of angel hair pasta with about two tablespoons of marinara on top that could easily have come out of a Ragu jar.The highlight of the entire experience was when someone at the next table over asked the waiter what was in the spring mix salad, and his answer was "it looks like weeds".  I also found it interesting that this rather well-built muscular waiter needed to carry things as light as drinks and salads on a noisy plastic rolling cart.Needless to say, it was not worth the money.  I see some people raving about the pizza, but I prefer New York style pizza, so I can't imagine going back to this restaurant for any reason.
1	Disgusting!!!! I normally like to write about places I like or would recommend. However, I feel compelled to warn other of this place. Seriously! 99% of these reviews are completely fake and must be employees of the restaurant giving rave reviews. This place was a joke. It seriously made Denny's & IHOP look like 5 star dining. The noodles were overcooked and soggy. The fettuccini sauce and spaghetti sauce tasted like it was straight from a can. I have had better cafeteria food. I totally felt like I was slumming it by eating dinner here. I would NEVER recommend this place. They brought the food out on a loud clanking mail cart. I am totally serious. It was embarrassing to watch waiters roll around this stupid cart. Nothing was fresh. The bread was definitely not homemade. They cut corners on all of the food. I could seriously cook a much better meal at home. I will never go back. Not to mention it was WAY overpriced. Never again! I know this review sounds hostile and negative but people need to be warned. It is that bad...
4	Dropped in last night with the lovely Karen F. for dinner, as she'd had a groupon for a free meal. We made the trek to the far east; a magical realm of farms and sprawling ranch estates track homes and mormons, the rugged windswept towne of Gilbert. Salerno's is nothing fancy, but neither am I, it feels very casual and at ease in the dim restaurant interior, similar to a pizza parlor in Show Low my family and I used to frequent when I was a youngun'. However Salerno's has one key advantage over that little pizza parlor in the white mountains: their pizza is actually edible and doesn't taste like cardboard with a tongue scalding layer of poor quality cheese dusted on top.She'd told me in advance that this was one of her father's favorite pizza joints, even going so far as to say it'd be his deathrow meal. I was impressed, as he and I usually are in agreement on most subjects, and while I would agree that Salerno's is good it wouldnt be my last meal on this tiny blue dot, that being said it's a def. four stars for the following reasons:~Considering the location, I'm almost certain that it trumps most other places in the area, I could be entirely wrong, but I'd be willing to bet my tax return that Gilbert isn't known for it's variety of quality pizza places. That being said, the pizza we ordered- A regular style crust with extra mozzarella, garlic and spinach was really tasty. The crust was soft and chewy, bubbly and blackened on the outer edges, and just pretty good quality overall, the sauce was vaguely sweet and had a good amount of basil in it, and the toppings were all decent and hard to ruin, thankfully the spinach was fresh and wasnt canned, bigups for that.~The customer service here is really great, our waiter was a youngish dude probably our age yet he was attentive and polite and very accomodating, all adjectives I would refrain from using on people of my age group. When we told him we were going to use our groupon for the small pizza we ordered he said we hadn't even racked our bill to $20 yet, being that Karen F. is a vegetarian and I am a devout lover of all the heavenly parts of the sacred pig, I saw my opportunity and pounced "Could you just blast the remaining slices in our take away bag w/ some Italian Sausage and we'll call it even?" and sure enough he one upped me, he returned w/ a full link smothered in their signature marinara in a separate tray, saving Karen F. the grief of dealing w/ pig flesh.All in all it was a good experience and I would advise any Gilbertians to give 'em a try!
5	salerno's is the best by far ..... I own a mexican place a mile or two down the road and my staff and i order a few times per week. We all enjoy it very much.....
3	Not the best pizza.  Went there with my parents one afternoon.  My mom is a cheese freak and even she thought it had too much cheese.  I had to chew it 5,000 times to keep from gagging when swallowing. Sorry if too graphic. I just ate the end pieces instead and the whole thing needed more sauce. Their homemade sausage on the pizza was pretty awesome though and the vegetables were very fresh.  I did like that you could make it anyway you want, even the thickness of the crust. The staff was super friendly and the prices were reasonable. The atmosphere was terrible, but the atmosphere only seems to matter when the food does not impress.  I'll give it another shot, but I'll try a sandwich or something instead.
3	I really enjoyed this place. It tastes like they put beer in their dough which I don't like but they do it right and it's okay! I know others say there's too much cheese but I love cheese, in fact I can always use more :) We also got fried cheese sticks and they're coating is different than others. It was unique and really good. We will go back!
1	To all who read this please head this warning and DO NOT EAT HERE.  BEWARE.....I read a few reviews on here before visiting and disregarded the negative reviews.  I ignored the warning signs and took my family here for dinner.  Virtually every negative review is accurate.  The food quality is very bad, ingredients are highly processed or canned and every dish including the pizza was water boarded with oil.  My review simply is to STAY AWAY......
1	The food here is beyond terrible and overpriced.  I honestly don't see how people are actually giving this place decent ratings.  The staff brings EVERTHING and that included the to go boxes out on a bus cart.  The salad (if you can even call it that) had no green in it whatsoever.  It consisted of only the inside pieces of iceburg lettuce mixed with what I think might be trying to pass as ham.  All though my dinner companion theorized that it may be catagorized as spam or bologna.  The pizza was covered in burnt cheeze and the crust was undercooked.  It was so tough you couldn't bite into it, instead it had to be cut with a steak knife.  Their Italian beef sandwich was cold and the meat was completely dry.  The fact that we were there at what should be peak dining hours on a Saturday evening and the place was totally empty should speak for itself on the popularity of this place.  I honestly can't say that I've ever had worse Italian food ever in my life.  If you want good Chicago style pizza drive a few more minutes east to Old Chicago Pizza.  At least there you won't have to worry about an upset stomach the next day.
4	I've ordered pizza for take out and have never been disappointed.  Today I stopped in for lunch and ordered the Meatball Sandwich.  Meatballs the size of baseballs, delicious sauce and melted cheese.  My party ordered the Cheese Pizza and Lasagna.  Warm bread and butter to hold you over while you wait for your meal.  Out comes the dinner salad (3 options to choose from) with your dressing of choice on the side.  Family run and operated.  Comfortable and Casual.  Friendly staff.
3	I'm on the fence about this place.  It is pretty good.  If I could assign three-and-a-half stars I would, but that doesn't seem to be an option.  I like the cheesiness of the pizza and the sauce is fairly good.  The crust is a little bland.  The crust also tends to be rather chewy and, yes, as some other reviewers have pointed out you do need a steak knife to make some progress but I don't see that as a fault.  I can't speak to the quality of the meat toppings, as I usually avoid those anyway.  The one time I had pepperoni as a topping it seemed to be short on spiciness and long on grease, which I tend to prefer anyway.  The salads are a little uninspired, but there's only so far you can go with iceberg lettuce.  The staff has always been friendly and the service prompt.
4	We had dinner here on a recent Friday night. This isn't an upscale restaurant by any means but it's roomy (tables aren't too close together), quiet, and very affordable. The food was good, not great. But what I really liked about Salerno's was the service -- it was excellent in every respect. We left with the feeling that the staff genuinely appreciated our business. So if you're looking for a nice place to eat with good food and a friendly staff, check Salerno's out. My wife and I will definitely go back.
5	This is real Chicago pizza!! Salernos has the best pizza in Arizona. The original Salernos is located just outside of Chicago. This pizza is the yummiest, and you wont have to ask for extra cheese because it comes loaded with cheesiness. If you want a really good pizza then stop by Salernos.
5	Our favorite restaurant. Pasta and bread is homemade and excellent. Calzones and pizza are very good and reasonably priced. Love the lasagna. Staff is very friendly. (not sure why anyone cares that the food is brought to you on a cart). Whenever friends and family come in from out of town, this is where I take them. Truly never heard anyone not like anything that was ordered. Highly recommend this place.
5	Love the pizza!
5	Wonderful food.  Kept hearing about this place and decided to visit about a year ago.  It was, and still is, marvelous.  It's not a fancy place but the food more than makes up for the ambiance.  Wait staff is exceptionally friendly and helpful.  Thick crust pizza is to die for, thin crust is just as good,  Love that I can take leftovers home from the large portions you receive.  People gripe because they get too much or too little food - give us a break!Will keep going back to Salerno's for the delicious food.
4	The pizza is not the best, especially if you are use to NY style.If you like real Italian food this is one of the best in the valley,a little place in the middle of Gilbert.Try the cavatelli  with white or red sauce, they are homemade,as well as the gnocchi, if you try these or the zucchini parm I guarantee you will be back.
2	Pizza is thick, chewy in the center, crunchy on the outside and tasteless
5	Once again, had a great Italian dinner at Salernos. Love this place.
5	Love everything about it. Being a Sicilian man its hard to admit these Northerners know how to do it. So I'll say they're south-ish. Great food every time! thank you
2	Always looking for local good food. I've been trying to find a good Chicago style pizza place. Someone recommended Salernos. I read the reviews and decided to give it a try.I had no problem with the decor or the strange carts. The owner came out and was very friendly. Our waiter was okay, not the best service. The calamari was okay. The pizza was not good.The crust was weird, it honestly reminded me of my mom's homemade pizzas using Chef Boyardee just add water crust. Lots of cheese, but not good quality cheese, more like Kraft cheese. When I think Chicago style, I think of a huge pie, thick good cheese at the bottom, then toppings, and then sauce on top (backwards). And this was just a normal pizza (Not Chicago Style). It was crowded, so they have fans. I guess it's just an acquired taste. To each his own!
5	I must say I'm surprised with some of these reviews. I've been coming off and on since they opened. Ross does a great job and is almost always there. Most of the time I order the pizza, but I've also had dinner several times in the restaurant including a great Valentine's dinner a few years back. They are in my rotation of places to go.    The restaurant is clean and service is good. Yes, the atmosphere is a little on the dull side. Kinda like a pizza pub trying to cross over to finer dining. My guess is if they could get a better interior you'd see more people coming in for supper, but that's why I don't own these places only eat at them.   Ross has great food and fresh pasta every time I stop by.  Pizza = Thick and cheesy like I love it. Crust is chewy and tasty. And I love the italian sausage they use.   Chicken Parm= Out of this world. Love the sauce and they use a nice plump chicken breast.     Ravioli = Fantastic, fresh made and one of our favorites.  Try it and enjoy!
5	This is no frills traditional Italian food and they do it right.  The pizza is the best around...I'd recommend getting it with Italian beef.
5	Ross the owner is amazing! Such a great guy and he has the best pasta in town. I ordered the Fettucine Alfredo with Chicken. Such huge portions and SO good! Hands down my favorite place in Gilbert.
4	I gave it four stars for its tie back to my home in Chicago.However, if I did not have that emotional tie in, it would have only gotten three stars.Why?   I felt the counter service was a bit lacking for my takeout order.  Slow, tideous, disappearing counter guy was to blame.Secondly, the calamari was subpar for my tastes - a big disappointment.The Pizza is the reason to go here.  I had a rugular crust (note this is thick crust, not pan pizza) with sausage, pepperoni, onion and green pepper.  This pizza was spot on what I was looking for.  The sausage was delicious, sauce abundant, cheese overflowing and crips veggies.  Excellent pizza - great memories of the previous 40 years of eating the same Pizza in Berwyn and Oak Park, IL.I will give them another shot.  I will try to dine in next time.I have to say - their restaurant side of the house was well used on a Sunday night at 6PM.  Doing some good business there.Second side note - you can buy italian bulk and susage links from the the takeout counter, among other items.
3	The red sauce is delicious and my husband and son love the pizza( too much cheese for me). We order take out here on a regular basis and I have also picked up quarts of the red sauce to put in my own pasta dishes. We are normally very happy with the chicken pasta salad but the last time we ordered it, the pasta itself had a horrible frozen and reheated gelatinous mess texture to it. I could not eat it and just picked the chicken and veggies out. Stick to anything with the red sauce or the pizza and you'll be happy.
5	Best sauce EVER!  Meatballs off the charts!!  I drive from N Scottsdale to purchase both every few months & get double so I can freeze to have later.  Worth every penny & drive time.  Authentic Italian - owners on site.  Moved from Chicago where they had multiple restaurants.  How do I know this?  I talk to both the Mr & Mrs while waiting for my order.   They have a customer for life!!
5	We had a thin crust sausage pizza and it was amazing! Felt like we were back home in Chicago... The staff are also very friendly we will be back! Best pizza around here!!!  My only issue is the lighting is kinda annoying. It shines right in your eyes and it seems to be the same at every table.
5	I have been to this establishment numerous times trying a variety of the menu. There isn't a dish that I have not liked! Every day, they make the cheese ravioli and the red sauce in house, which is the best in the city by far! Typically this is what I ordered, but the chicken Alfredo with broccoli was by far the richest, most delicious I have had. The staff is courteous and always values a return visit - even asking if I want my usual glass of Cabernet. My boyfriend and I will gladly be returning for not only a bowl of the amazing minestrone, but also for the exceptional service!
5	Excellent pizza, excellent eggplant parmesan, excellent cheese stuffed manicotti with marinara, and the linguine with clams and marinara is to die for.  We've been going to this neighborhood favorite for years and I've yet to stray from these outstanding meals.  I could enjoy the linguine and clams every day.  The food is great, not a big selection of beers but that's OK....we can walk home.
3	I thought the pizza was OK, but nothing special.
5	If I am on the East side of town I make it a must to stop here. Best Italian food in Arizona hands down! Pizza is out of this world. Love the family touch as well.
5	I LOVE the lasagna here.  It's huge and never dried out.  They put lots of the amazing red sauce on it.  I love that red sauce!  They also have amazing Italian sausage.  Best in the Valley.  If you get the pizza, ask for THIN crust.  Not a fan of the regular crust.....it's too thick for me.  I enjoy eating here for lunch.
4	Everything I have had here was excellent! The service was helpful and friendly and my glass was never empty. It looks so unassuming from the curb, if you didn't know better you'd think it was just another come and go strip mall restaurant but this is probably the best Italian I've had in east valley!
3	I've read many good reviews about Salerno"s and I've come to a realization...don't believe what others write !Fathers day brought me to this restaurant and so did my daughter, the place sits in a strip mall and the inside is rather depressing.We were seated and it was extremely warm inside...we were approached by the wait staff and I questioned the temperature inside and she shrugged her shoulders. I decided to have a glass of wine, I usually buy a bottle but I was the only one drinking. I asked the wait staff if wine was a good seller here and she responded, "You ask a lot of questions: I responded jokingly " You haven't heard them yet " Her response was "oh shit" Oh well what do you expect, we were in a strip mall.The salad that paired up with the main entree was boring like the decor, warm spring mix with a few limp shredded carrots slivers. That"s it folks !We ordered ravioli and I also ordered a meatball and Italian sausage which was forgotten when the raviolis were served. We also ordered a small pizza with eggplant and anchovy . The pizza served to us was minus the anchovy and when I kindly brought it to the servers attention, her response was " You're shitting me"  No I wasn't there wasn't any. She told me she would comp the pie, nice gesture but I didn't come for a free meal, I'm lying, Fathers day, meal on daughter. None the less.The cheese ravioli was alright, nothing to dream about and the red sauce was red.The Italian sausage was over cooked , hard on the outside and dry on the inside, the ball of meat was, well, you know, a meat ball. After an Italian dinner I want to burp garlic and taste the food for a few hours after, the only experience my buds are having now is dryness.Bread and butter were brought to us right when we were seated bur the butter in those little packets was liquefied, and I was melting too because it was very warm inside.So, not to rain on anyone"s parade that loves this place, I have to disagree, and as the waitress would say, I'm not Sh--ting you.
4	We enjoyed the Moscoto wine and the house salad which was enough for both of us.  This is certainly a nice place that I'm looking forward to coming back to.
2	I had heard Salerno's is a good option for Italian food in the east valley, so I decided to give it a try. I went about an hour before closing and was seated very promptly by a very friendly employee. I decided I would try the pasta and went with the manicotti. I thought it was a bit expensive compared to several other options (Casanova Brothers and Buono's) in the east valley, but went forward with it anyway. The manicotti came with a salad and bread, and I selected the Italian dressing. I received the salad and bread promptly. The salad contained fresh, crisp lettuce, but the dressing was very oily and lacked taste. The bread was decent, but nothing spectacular. Not too long after the salad came, the manicotti arrived. I was surprised to see it on a plate that was dripping sauce off the sides. I cannot recall ever going to an Italian restaurant and receiving a plate that so poorly contained the dish. The red sauce was fairly tasty, but the manicotti was bland in taste and was not hot enough. I wondered if it had been heated up rather than baked. The portion was large at least, so there was food to take home.Overall, I was not that impressed with my experience at Salerno's. Everything about the place including the service and decor was OK, but not particularly good or memorable except for the sweet employee who greeted me. I think I will stick with my other favorites for Italian food rather than returning here.
4	The pizza was the best I've had since being in Arizona. My waitress was very sweet. The side salad I had was only romaine lettuce and some croutons. I won't bother with that next time. The cannoli is homemade and delicious. The bread they bring to your table. Very good. Definitely coming back.
3	It's actually the closest restaurant to our house. When we first moved to Gilbert, five years ago we gave it a try, twice, and were unimpressed. We decided to give it another try last night and after waiting for our food an hour we took it to go. The servers were all really nice, but the "pizza oven was backed up". We ordered the thin crust so how long could it take??? Next time, Grimaldi's.
4	The pizza was good, the service was good, the decor a little plain.  I enjoyed the pizza, it was a thick, tasty, pizza.  The sauce was sweet, the cheese was heaped on, and the crust was perfectly cooked.   I would go again.
5	I am Italian. I have a hard time finding good Italian. Especially in Gilbert. I have never stopped here because of the Pizzeria sign thinking it was just pizza. My hubby decided to take me as a surprise for my birthday and WOW! The pasta was amazing. The tiramisu was so authentic and delicious. Even the pizza was Chicago style delicious! The owners were friendly and wonderful and the waitress was a blast. Great experience all around. I will go back for sure!
