2	Leaving the house without a clear destination in mind, the wife and I went out in search of a delicious meal to satiate our growling stomachs. Driving up Patrick as it turns into Green Valley Parkway, we again saw Bertolucci Brazilian Steakhouse. when they were still serving Italian food, we gave it a try and never went back. Hoping for a different outcome last night, we turned into their parking lot and headed inside.We were hoping the nearly empty parking lot was just a sign of a lack of knowledge regarding the restaurant's existence, rather than portending the food we were about to consume.Walking in, we were immediately greeted by a very friendly chap, who gave us a rundown of the price and how everything is set up. Deciding to use a gift card Christmas gift from my employer to take up a huge chunk of the bill, we chose a table and gave him our drink order. While talking with us, he let us know, if we had looked on Facebook or in the Lifestyle magazine, there are buy one, get one free coupons. This is nice to know, however, disappointing that we did not know ahead of time.Being that there was only one other table sat in the restaurant, our gracious host lead us to the lightly appointed salad bar and hot meal bar, with descriptions of each item.Looking at some of the meats in the chaffing dishes, I was hesitant, but dove in anyhow. As I expected, the meats sitting there, slowly simmering for who knows how long, were all tough, overcooked and featured an odd texture for what they said were filet mignon tips.The rice was delicious, long-grain, Brazilian style white rice. Freshly heated bread was also brought out to us, which, had a spongy, tough texture to it.In the hot table, there was the filet tips, steak and onions, some pork and beans, empenadas, chicken stroganoff, and some other fried items, in addition to the rice.Shortly after we were seated and eating the items already picked up, the skewered meats began making their way to our table. We had the picanha, tri tip, grilled chicken and bacon wrapped chicken.The picanha was very flavorful, tender, medium rare and pretty good. Their tri tip was also pretty good, juicy and with a decent flavor. Tasting the grilled chicken, it also was moist and not tough, but without much flavor. Lastly, the bacon wrapped chicken we were served featured charcoal in-lieu of bacon, it was completely charred, and barely discernible as bacon. Given the state of the bacon, it was no surprise, but still disappointing, that the chicken was tough, dry and without flavor, too.Before we could even go through half a glass of water, our server brought a full pitcher over, to keep us hydrated.Their chef was training a new staff member as a passadore (meat waiter), both of whom were very friendly. Chef's personality was very up-beat and you could tell he was passionate about his job and the food. He refused to let us leave until we had sampled the dessert creation by the salad bar, with such an enthusiastic smile, my wife couldn't help but accept the dessert.Overall, the service was fantastic. The staff was very attentive, asked if we needed the climate or lighting adjusted, our drinks were never empty (or empty for long), our plates had food on them, to excess at times, as one should expect at a Brazilian steakhouse.One... odd... thing, they have a gentleman playing music near the front door. Or, so we thought. A couple songs in, he started singing karaoke-style along with the music. It was a bit... painful to hear at times. He tried to have the lounge singer vibe, talking to the "crowd" and all, aside from a couple of regulars at the bar, I don't know if anybody else even paid him any mind.The food though, it is always the food. For $29.99 a person, I personally did not leave wanting to go back. When I awoke this morning, I had the worst indigestion that I have had in a long while. For NYE, we ate at another Brazilian steakhouse in town, without this issue. Don't think we will go back, despite how great the staff was, the food just didn't do it for us.
5	The experience I had here was extraordinary.  The food is wonderful.  The attention to us was exceptional.  I was so happy with this place.  They had live entertainment which was pretty good, but when the chef left his post to sing a few songs in Portuguese/Spanish, it really got fun.  People here love their job and it shows.
5	If you are looking for AUTHENTIC Brazilian food this is your place! Also great service!! Friendly and attentive!
1	I regret even having to give this place one star. This was a horrible place to eat. The salad bar was appalling with hardly any salad or food . The food that had been sitting out there was luke warm. But of course we were there for the meat so we waited. After they brought out a few rounds of fatty white/dark meat chicken they finally brought out a rough beef jerky like slice of beef. That was the last semi-good piece of meat we got. Everything else, round after bloody round was dripping rare. When we complained to the owner after two hours we got no help. We did get an angry Brazilian with a knife come to tell us that we didn't have anything to complain about because we didn't make reservations. (There were three tables with ppl in them). When we were finally done waiting for meat that was edible we had to ask for the check (which was full price by the way). $84 dollars for some ice berg lettuce and a lot of dinner rolls. We were never offered a discount or coupon to come back and we complained at the end too. This was a really really bad experience. Lol, the lady who is commenting can't even take some honest criticism and try to make her place better. This is so professional. Maybe this is why the Italian restaurant of the same name shut down? I never once complained about the price, I have been to a lot better places than this one claims to be. I also consider myself to be pretty patient. All I wanted was some steak, at a steak house, it should not have been this hard haha. Well, for me, this is just one night. Unfortunately for this poor woman, it's her whole life.
1	Worst experience ive ever had at a resturant. 1st the boy who was cutting the meat was cutting us slithers of meat. I had to ask him 3 times "can you please give me more meat?" Then the other cook was drunk as hell, can smell it on his breath. And they actually served rotten chicken but didnt notice till i took a bite and wondered what that bad smell was. I almost threw up. Anyway if you want a good brazilian spot avoid this place at all cost.
5	Fantastic food, staff is always very friendly. I like the fact it's an intimate setting and you can hear yourself and have a conversation over great food. The meats are of good quality and plentiful. After all most people do go to a steakhouse for meat. There is virtually no wait time between new meat being offered at the table and they aren't stingy with the portions. I have had lunch and dinner here and both are exceptionally well. The interior is decorated nicely and you could come casual or dressed up. Keep up the good work. A definite must eat in Henderson.
5	Being pregnant my appetite is always in season. And tonight it was roaring for something delicious and meaty. Well I've been looking for a new place to try And I stumbled upon a hidden gem in the desert when I arrived here. The meats are tender and mouth watering. The salad bar let me experience delicious Brazilian homemade items and the staff made me feel like I was at home. Everyone here is friendly and the food has me ready to comeback next time I'm nearby. Great atmosphere too.
5	This place is absolutely fabulous. I love Brazilian steakhouses but don't love the price tag that usually comes along with them. There are two other great places in town but they are around $50 a plate. This place was around $30 a plate and just as delicious!! The environment was romantic and cozy and I noticed there was a karaoke area, though no one used it while we were there. The service was great too, the servers were attentive and friendly. I hope this place is around for a long time because it's my new favorite restaurant!
1	Probably the worst restaurant I've ever eaten at. We were the only ones there, which should have been a red flag. I'm used to eating at Brazilian steakhouses like Via Brasil and Texas de Brazil. We were served one-bite sized portions of flavorless, overcooked meat. We all felt a little sick after eating and the next day. Disgusting, can't believe we paid $30 each for that poor excuse for Brazilian food.
4	The meet was super good, the buffet was limited. The service was amazingWould I come here for 60$? No. But I had a restaurant.com gift certificate so I tried it. The let is request additional meat, ask for extras of our favorite, and kept up a lot on our drinks. Based on service it's a five, food a four (because of the limited buffet) and price i would make a three.
5	My husband and I went there mainly because we had a 2 for 1 coupon. We were warmly greeted at the door by the hostess (we later found out she was the owner's wife).The service was excellent (we also found out that our server was also the owner/chef!). The owner's son is also a server!The food was delicious! With the all you can eat policy, we sure filled up!It was heartwarming to be in such a nice family's establishment!We will definately be back!
5	I had a hard time deciding where I wanted to have my birthday dinner and I wanted to try a new place. I'm happy I did! The food was delicious and the staff was amazing! The meats were cooked perfectly and the salad bar was good as well. The mashed potatoes were soo yummy! They have karaoke which my whole family enjoyed! They enjoyed it more than I thought.The restaurant is family owned so the owners actually care and take their time to get to know you. The price was great! It's better than paying $50 per person. Especially if your family is pretty big.Thank you guys for making my birthday unforgettable! My family and I will definitely be back!
5	This place is great. A more personal experience compared to the big Brazilian steakhouses. We enjoyed the food.
4	This place is incredible. I would give it a 4.5 if possible. I came here while on my honeymoon, and was thrilled with the experience. My husband and I arrived at 5, and had the restaurant to ourselves. The young man who seated us was friendly and pleasant. He even took us to the hot plate part of the buffet to explain what each dish was, which made us even more excited to try everything. I have been to a Tocano's before. Compared to Tocano's, this place /does/ have a small buffet, but I actually really liked that. It was less intimidating. They have a small buffet with delicious dishes that are a great accent to the meats they bring to the table. There are fewer meat choices than at Tocano's, but I was ok with that - I don't like fish, anyway. The meat was delicious. The only one we weren't crazy about was the bacon-wrapped chicken. And it was good, just not as good as everything else was. Stop everything else, and automatically ask for seconds of the garlic bread. I could have eaten it all night and nothing else! And the grilled pineapple was incredible. The three staff members we had contact with were friendly and professional, and just made the entire experience wonderful. We were able to use a restaurant.com coupon with ZERO issue. I would come back here in an instant, and would happily recommend it to anyone who asks.
1	Discovered this place on restaurant.com and thought how did we not know about it with it being so close to our house? Decided to give it a try and when we called to make a reservation like we do at any other Brazilian steak house the gent that took the reservation sounded as if he didn't understand why we needed a reservation. When we pulled up to a half empty parking lot we soon discovered the restaurant had only 1 other table seated for dinner.  There were 3 staff members a seater/water boy a waiter and the chef who graciously came out to our table with a ball cap on after I complained that the meat tasted old. He assured me that the meat was indeed fresh that he had just served it to the other guests and they loved it. Told me I could come in his kitchen and see he just opened the "BAG" of meat that morning. Besides the point that meat doesn't come in a bag I should have took my first clue with the very sparse and brown might I add salad bar.  They had the light so dim you couldn't see what u were grabbing. With good reason to because you didn't "want" to see what u were grabbing. Moving on to the hot over simmered dried up hot bar that was suspect too. Not to mention apparently the guy serving the dried old meat off of skewers was only on his second day of serving which would probably explain why on earth he was using a knife with the sharpness of a butter knife to cut the meat and he had to keep slicing and slicing just to Butcher the meat and barely give a sampling. Needless to say after the chef came out to "loudly beg my pardon" regarding the old meat I told him he c o you take his meal a shove it. After 5 bites I walked out with my family in tow still hungry and none the less richer because I refused to pay for shitty service and food. Did I happened to mention the chef came out to my car to further argue with me about how fresh his meat is and how clean his kitchen is. He even offered a tour. I advised him he should take a lesson from Texas De Brazil and told him if his food was as great as he proclaimed then his business would be booming and not deserted as it was.
5	Mmmmm mmmmm mmMmmMmM so good. The meats were all amazing and flavored very well. Juicy juicy. We had the Brazilian drinks caipirinha and so tasty... We ordered second rounds. They have a nice salad bar area with some soups, pickles, olives, fruit and salad. The service was outstanding, smiles all around. Meat like every 5 minutes... All hot, juicy and fresh. Everyone there was happy to be there and it showed. The owner came up to us after and even gave us his business card. This is a good family business and we will def be back and bring friends!!
5	We went to dinner for my wife's birthday, what a fantastic experience. Our hostess was warm and friendly and gave us the  run down on the salads a and side dishes. The serving staff was wonderful and always seemed to be at the table with another tasty meat offering.We had the pleasure of meeting the owner and he  even sang for my wife.While we live in the Bay Area, we  will make this a must on our next visit.Thanks again for the enjoyable evening.
1	We have had dinner at many churascaria restaurants here in the Vegas area and this is by far the worst . We called ahead of time for dinner pricing and the check was  double the price we were quoted by phone for our two kids . We were not served all the meats they advertise for dinner and servings were few and far between . Our first serving of meat was 45 minutes after we arrived and they deli slice the meat paper thin . HORRIBLE !!!!! RIP OFF!!!!
5	Awesome service great food definitely definitely get the top sirloin and just tell them to stay at your table because it is awesome... And because I said so.
5	Awesome service! Our server was very nice and gave us what kinda meat we wanted! Really good food and I would recommend the picanha!!! It was delishhhh!!!
4	Went here for my mom for Mother's Day.  Very few people in there on that day.  The salad bar is very limited and no where near as spectacular as some of the other Brazilian steak houses.  However this place is half the price so I can live with that.The most important part of a Brazilian steakhouse the meat.  We were the first group in and unfortunately we got started with some way over done sirloin and chicken thighs.  The sausage tasted like it was made in house and goes very well with their grilled pineapple.  They give you a garlic bread which was different and very good as well.  Next came a bacon wrapped piece of pork this wasn't over done cooked a bit much for me but I eat raw meat, perhaps I'm not a good judge.  Now we may have caught the tail end of another diner to this point because ribs came out cooked very well still juicy and flavors that really brought the pork flavor out 3rd best meat of the night.  Next came a new round of some of the previous meats which made me go try their flan and fried banana.  Flan was curdled but the flavor was great and the caramel was perfect not a bit of bitter taste in it at all.  The fried banana not greasy at all crispy outside nice texture through to the center, very well done.  Finally the lamb and filet came out.  Their marinades, sauces, rub, or whatever is put on is greatWhen it is fresh much better than Texas de Brazil and rivals viva Brazil.  The filet is good but give me the lamb chops and roast of lamb best meats of the night.
4	I'm giving Bertolucci four stars for one reason only:  I want it to succeed because it would then be my closest and least expensive Brazilian Steakhouse.  In all reality it probably deserves somewhere South of three stars...but, the mitigating circumstances I mention above plus the fact they had a very friendly and attentive staff are compelling me to rate it higher.I purchased a Groupon ($50) on a Wednesday and reserved a 6:30p seat on the same day.  I was a little worried when we arrived to find the parking lot empty and only one other table with guests during this prime dinner hour.  By the end of our meal at 7:30p there were about five tables occupied.Now it does not take a lot of calculating to figure that a place like this HAS to be busy to be good...or they'd be wasting a ton of meat.  The alternative would be to be willing to lose a million dollars the first year of operation so that you can build a customer base and garner a reputation that will pay dividends over time.  This is not what is going on.  And I think even if they were able to do this...it might not work because of the supremely bad location.  It's not that it is in a bad area...just a no-man's land there at the end of Green Valley Pkwy.  I remember thinking the same thing when the former Italian restaurant was there...and how they explained that no pizza was available today because they did not turn the oven on...then BK a couple of months later.The meat that we did get was quite delicious and their cheesebread was excellent.  The salad bar was very minimal in selection, but fine in quality.I guess the bottom line is would I go here again, and while I might say yes, I don't think I could talk my wife into it...and she's probably right.  Knowing that I'd have to drive an extra 10 miles and pay $20 per-person more to go to Texas de Brazil would not even slow us down...because the value is there.Maybe in the future if we drive by and see that it's doing some business (while we eat at the most excellent Elixir across the street) we'll give it another shot.
1	No good !!!!! The lentil soup was heavy on the salt, not much varieties of salads, ONLY ONE Dessert !!!! Horrible service I had a soda .  And they never came by to offer more or another one we had to keep on asking for more .  May I add the there was only 2 other tables there.. Would never have o back and Never Recommend to a friend !!
5	AMAZING FOOD!!!!  Little place with a great atmosphere. The service was outstanding never having an empty glass and always having more meet coming around. It seems to be family owned and operated and it's not to busy so they made sure to ask us if we had any special requests. The steaks were so perfect that I regretted going to the salad bar first! Highly recommend this place to anyone that enjoys their meats. Groupon was a great deal!
1	My friend and I were visiting from out of town and decided to try this place out when we saw their groupon. The first thing we noticed was an empty parking lot at 7:30 pm on a holiday weekend. Awful location?Upon entering we felt a little relieved with the warm reception from the young host. He found us a booth quickly and was kind enough to turn off the fan that was blowing our paper table cloth everywhere. Although delivered quickly, after one sip of our Diet "COKE", it was obvious that it was RC Diet Cola and right from a flat 2-liter bottle. The salad bar, if that's what you would call it, was slim pickens and only offered hearts of romaine and three dressings. They had some other Italian appetizers as well, ie. rolled deli ham and cheese cubes. The hot plate section was not labeled and it took an explanation from the young host in order for us to know what the dishes were. The Chicken Cacciatore and Cheese Balls were incredible :) Main course: As the first round of meats arrived, you can tell that they were made very recently. We received italian sausage, grilled pineapple, garlic bread, pork rib, grilled chicken, and top sirloin. They were up to par in taste and served from a hot skewer and the portions were fair.  We never received any tri-tip, leg of lamb, or filet mignon - all of which are advertised on their groupon/website! The highlight of our underwhelming experience was the warm smile and friendly attitude from the head chef and his staff. In all honesty, the groupon price we paid ($65 incl tip) is still a pretty high for what we received.
5	Hi everyone have you guys passed by a Brazilian Steakhouse and wish you could go there and take your family to eat without the need to leave all your pay check there? If you answered yes then I have news for you. Bertolluci Steakhouse is a traditional restaurant owed by a wonderful couple Humberto and Patricia, the food is delicious and authentic and the price is the best part with all you can eat for dinner for $30.00.
3	There was a good deal on Groupon for Bertolucci's. The location is very close to my house, however it is a terrible location for a restaurant. The decor was pretty tacky and the salad bar was lacking to say the least. It seemed like things had been sitting out all day. They could replenish more to keep things fresh. To get to the most important part, the meat! It was delicious, fresh, seasoned well, and cooked perfectly. They could bring it around more often. A little to much of wait in between each meat. The service was very good and professional. I'm not sure what the regular prices are here. If they're around $30 a person I would eat here again. If it's more than that I would rather go to Texas De Brazil.
4	Service is 5 stars, value is 4 stars (compared to other Brazilian steakhouses, $30/person is a steal), and food is 3 stars. The skewered meats (and grilled pineapple, yum) were all good, though the bacon wrapped chicken was a bit dry, but breast meat usually tends to be. Meat-wise, it was pretty much the same offerings as the other guys. However, I do believe their Brazilian sausages weren't fatty/greasy as others I've had.The first fried bananas I got were soft and caramelized, absolutely perfect, but the ones I got later were not. The sole on their hot plate buffet was very tasty and moist & chicken stroganoff was especially good with the fried polenta. The cold and hot buffet offerings were limited, but I've always had issue with the ridiculous amounts offered at most of the other restaurants...because, hey, it's really all about the meat.They were playing the musical tracks from karaoke songs as background music. Kinda cheesy.  Pretty sure there is some kind of Brazilian music that could serve as better ambiance mood music and than this. The kicker was when one of the servers (pretty sure he had to be one of the owners, or something) cranked up the volume and sang, Stand By Me. His voice was good, with volume turned up a little too loud, so it was just cheesy cute...until he sang a 2nd & 3rd one. My partner and I had to speak loudly and lean in next to each other to be able to talk. Thankfully, we were finished and leaving when he started into another one.Suggestion To Management: nix the cheesy karaoke tracks & performance(s), use a CD player, and play some real music if you don't want to turn customers off.
5	Have been back a few times since our last visit and tonight the meat was the best it's ever been. Every trip it gets better and the 30 minute drive is more than worth it The food here is traditional Brazillian style and not a mcsteakhouse catered at tourists. The buffet had great appetizers and amazing flan. The meat was tender and juicy and cooked to the desired taste of us. We picked medium and this was perfect. The flan was so good at the end that I finished the last of what was left out.  While there are Brazillian steakhouses in town that are larger or corporate owned none can compete with the wonderful customer service of the owners and staff. We once again were treated like family and had a fun conversation. One of the owners even made us a special appetizer and brought it out. If you want a romantic date in a nice setting I would suggest a Sunday evening as it was quiet inside. However I would suggest any night and every night if you are looking for great food.  They even have karaoke in numerous languages that you can go up and sing whenever you are there to eat or have a drink at the bar.  The atmosphere and decor is nice. Not too upscale but nicer than your average restaurant so you can come dressed casual or in business attire and you won't feel out of place either way. We for sure will be back again.
5	This place was awesome. My wife & I tried to come previously but they were closed. She found a groupon for them & we decided to try again. DEFINITELY WORTH THE RETURN VISIT.The previous reviews were correct in citing the size of the salad bar. It is pretty small, but I like the offerings & let's be real you don't come to a place like this for the salad. The fried bananas were soooo good I think they are my new favorite food. The meat was absolutely wonderful. Filet was like butter, lamb chops seasoned very well, sausage was good. There was only one piece of meat I didn't like (ribeye) because it had a lot of fat, but the flavor of the meat was spot on. I'm not a big red meat eater but it was difficult passing up on any of their offerings. The speciality drink Caipirinha was good, strong, and flavorful. Do not leave without having the official cocktail of Brazil. The owners are sooo sweet & even personally made sure I had my own plate of lamb chops & our drinks were quite generous. We will definitely be coming back, and we will be bringing friends. Those who rated it badly & said they would not come back GREAT more room for my party. If you are hesitant use one of the groupons/specials. You will not regret it!
5	This place is a hidden gem, the flavor that comes from this meat is unreal, the atmosphere is very nice, you get almost a home feel, the owners are very friendly and hard working , my family will be back and I wish them tons of success
5	I'm giving this place 5 stars. The Boyfriend & I decided to randomly try a new place (his idea) and I know he loves Brazilian steakhouses... So I steered us toward this place. At first we weren't sure what to think.. The place looks empty when you walk in, but actually almost every table had people. It took a little bit to get a table, but obviously they were busy. She sat us at a booth, which was perfect for us. The salad bar is significantly smaller than other Brazilian steakhouses but the Stroganoff is out of this world. Best I've ever had! The Boyfriend really liked the grape leaf wrapped something or other. I didn't try them so I have no idea. They started bringing out the meat & one of the guys really stood out.  So much personality. Later we realized he was the owner. The Boyfriend really liked one of the chicken skewers, but obviously the red meats were the standouts. No one gave us tongs, so it was a little weird getting the meat from the server, but they worked it out. The meat selection is similar to other Brazilian steakhouses, but I do think they could do with some sharper knives. Meat quality is good, not great but definitely good. This place is definitely a family owned restaurant with the good & bad qualities that go into that. For me personally, eating out is about the experience just as much as food quality and this place goes out of their way to give good experience. Towards the end of the night the owner was singing karaoke and encouraging everyone to get up and sing. Normally that's not really my thing, but something about all the positive energy really made it a lot of fun. When we left everyone was having fun drinking and dancing around. It was a lot of fun.
5	The service was amazing! Very friendly staff. Very personable.  First time eating here and will definitely be back. Met the owner and we were treated wonderfully.
5	If you're craving family style Brazilian BBQ in Las Vegas, then Bertolucci Brazilian Steakhouse is your place to go! The food and service here are excellent. We found out about Bertolucci because of our hotel concierge. It was recommended as the "best value for all-you-eat Brazilian BBQ in town". With such credentials, we decided to check the place out.Arriving there, we were promptly met by a friendly hostess who offered us a comfortable table, with a gorgeous night-view of the Strip. The place is kept very clean and tidy. Our drinks and appetizers were served promptly and even before we had the chance to visit the salad bar, the first round of the meat was being offered at our table.The staff were very friendly, always asking us if we had any preference for a specific cut of meat, at the same time ensuring that we never had to wait to refill our drinks - one of my greatest pet peeves!At the end of the night we were surprised by the Chef, who personally sang a couple  karaoke songs. He even asked us if we had any favorite song we would like him to sing.Result: Great food - very fresh and well cooked - with plenty of variety, excellent service and a comfortable atmosphere that made us feel like we were eating BBQ at our best friend's house as we watched the games at their 80" TV while sipping on some Caipirinhas.
5	Outstanding food, outstanding service, excellent value.  This is a hidden neighborhood gem that is worth the trip from anywhere in Las Vegas.  Two thumbs up.
3	Waiter was hot, we wanted his meat if you know what I mean.Everything else was just alright. Best have a coupon as it's not worth the full price. Some of the meat came out almost raw. All the staff including the lady were extremely nice and friendly. Would only go back if we could take the waiter home with us.
5	We have been to a lot of the Brazilian steakhouse in Vegas (Fogo, Texas, Via, Pampas) and this one is one of our favorites.This is a Mom&Pop place so remember that when you go. Don't expect chain restaurant mentality. You can tell this is opened and run by a family. The parking lot seemed empty when we showed up, but it was full by the time we left.The salad bar is small, but I was not upset.. I usually don't eat alot of salad and only get appetizers from the salad bar in a churrascaria. The caprese had fresh mozzarella, and the fried bananas were amazing. My daughter loved the Chicken Stroganoff soup.The meat was amazing. They do not do the red/green marker/flag to let them know if you want more meat, because they are constantly communicating with you to find out if you are happy and want more or something different.They seemed to have all the usual meats associated with a churrascaria, but they also had beer marinated chicken, ribeye, and "fat steak"?? (the fat steak was like meat candy). The sausage seemed to be homemade and was also delicious.Where this place really really shines is the owners and staff. You can tell that everyone that works there truly wants you to have a great time. ALL the waiters are very friendly. We didn't realize that one of the waiters Humberto was the owner until he was singing Karaoke and introduced himself as the owner.Also the restaurant and bathrooms were cleanWe will definitely go back again.
5	This was our first Brazilian restaurant and we wasn't sure what to expect, but if we had expectations, they would have been exceeded!We started by visiting the salad bar, but before we could get too far into that, the staff started bringing meat skewers to the table. I could hardly keep up!Everything they brought tasted awesome! One of the servers happily posed for a picture at the table to be shared on Facebook.
5	We are just visiting and thought we'd try this place out. We are so glad we did! These guys are GREAT! The owners are very welcoming and the food was authentic Brazillian. You have a great view of the strip from here as well!
5	Why was NIGEL M's review allowed to be posted on YELP? It is repulsive and an absolute indication of a misfit in society.
5	Visiting Vegas with a friend and found this place via Groupon. My first Brazilian steak house, and myself and my companion both really enjoyed our dinner. If I lived here I'd definitely go back more often. The people were very friendly and the food was very good as well! The meats were all cooked just right and delicious as well.I had no complaints.. My companion did however point out to me that our server did not know the brand (pitu) Cachaca used in the caipirinha... Otherwise though 5 stars.Cheers!
1	Went there for Easter 2014. Horrible. My party of 3 were the only ones there at 1 pm ... when we left, only one more party arrived. Our meat was overdone and cold. Salad bar was subpar. the meats kept coming, too fast in my opinion and then, we had to go to the bar to get our bill and waited 10 minutes! Ugh.I would not recommend this place, period.
4	The grilled pineapple and the sausages were great. Nice and friendly staffs make the experience quite fun and enjoyable. I totally meat out for the week.
5	My wife and I celebrated our anniversary here on 7/12/14.At first we were hesitant due to the extreme variance in reviews ranging from loved it to hated it with basically nothing in between.We crossed our fingers and hoped for the best.From the time we arrived to the time we left, we were treated like part of the family by Mr. Bertolucci and his wonderful staff.The meats were seasoned to perfection and all we needed to do in order to get the right temperature was inform Mr. Bertolucci how we liked our meat done. I personally love purple meat which is rare to the extreme of still being rawish, and my wife loves medium rare.After we informed Mr. Bertolucci, he informed his staff and we never had one piece offered to us that wasn't to our liking.The hot items on the hot line were very good, and the small and limited salad bar was also very fresh.Now this is were I can see some people being judgmental of a Brazilian Steakhouse if they have been to Texas de Brasil or Fogo de Chao, or Via  Brasil or Samba Brazilian Steakhouse, or ...... I could keep going but you get the point. Bigger and more expensive gets you more options.During our meal, we also ordered their famous Caipirnha, and OMG this drink was poured by a master mixologist. The drink was STRONG but not over powering, sweet but not too sweet and the perfect amount of tartness.Our water glasses never seen half full before someone would refill it for us.To finish our dining experience I got a slice of flan from the salad bar.It too was also perfect and I must have made it look so appetizing to my wife who dislikes flan with a passion, because she reached over an took a small piece and then promptly stood up and disappeared while I was devouring the remaining of my flan slice.Before I could even have a chance to wonder where my wife wandered off to, she reappeared back at our table with an additional five slices of flan and said its for us to share.Both our forks were flying as we were shoveling till we got down to that last bite of flan. Our eyes locked on to it and this would typically be where most people would fight for the last morsel, but I used my fork and pushed it over to my wife and said go ahead babe you can have the last piece.My wife, without skipping a beat said thank you babe and cut it in two and push back a piece for me.Full to the point of almost asking for a wheel barrow to lay my stomach on as we leave the restaurant, we get up and head to the bar to pay our bill.Mr. Bertolucci comes from around the corner and says "are you leaving already? I was just making you some more pineapple."At this point, Mr. Bertolucci instructs us to wait because he wants to give us some pineapple to go.We opted to stick around the bar and savor the pineapple while talk story with Mr. Bertolucci and the really nice lady behind the bar.This was absolutely the best anniversary experience (I would say dinner but it was so much more than just a dinner) we have had to date.Anyways, small mom and pop places who may only have a limited selection but create quality product and provide excellent service might not be for everyone, but it fits our expectations as a perfect dining experience.
5	Fabulous customer service!  My husband and I were very impressed with the food! The meat was amazing! I loved the salad bar,  soups,  fried banana,  cheese balls, and of course the flan! The view is beautiful too! We will be back and we live near Aliante...completely worth the drive :) IMPRESSED!
1	As a person who worked in this location as part of two previous businesses (Chianti cafe, trilussa) I can vouch for the fact that yes, it is a very difficult location to try and succeed in. That being said, I have been meaning to stop here for dinner hoping that at least someone could turn this cursed location into something positive and successful :) but reading some of these reviews, and miss patricia s ? Response to them have changed my mind. If patricia really is someone in charge there, she should be ashamed. You never! Belittle or disrespect people on yelp for giving their reviews, it is the utmost in un-professionalism and sites what a terrible attitude one might have to prepare for before even walking into your establishment. Every business on yelp gets bad reviews, all of them! The fact that you try in a snobby attitude to heckle and argue with every individual online makes me only imagine how you must be in real life. Caring about your business is normal and a great sign of attachment, but please believe your only hurting your self by reacting in such a way. All the best.
4	The food was really good and the owners were very accomodating. We were going to buy a Groupon, but I just asked him if he would honor the deal and he agreed. Meat was better than the other churrascarias, but the selection wasn't in abundance. For the price, it is a good deal and I am crossing my fingers that their business will keep rolling.
5	They call themselves 'the best authentic Brazilion food in town'. I concur! Not only is the food great, the staff is what makes this place a pleasure to go.  The salad bar is the best in town.  Everything is fresh and delicious! The meat! Awesome is the only way to describe it. Rib Eye, Filet, Sirloin, Flank Steak, Pork wrapped in Bacon and I think I'm forgetting a few.  All cooked to order and perefection. GO!
1	I had a coupon so I took my mom and partner for dinner. Unfortunately, it was awful. The food was dry and tasteless. The salad bar was cheap and most of the items tasted like they came from a can. We didn't know what half the items were on the salad bar because there were no labels. There were paper tablecloths with ceiling fans on high, making all the papers fly up. In the restaurant description, they claimed to have great Las Vegas Strip views. That's a lie, one table in a corner has an ok view, not great by any means, and only from one table.Oh, and there was a loud karaoke machine playing Christmas music the whole time, in Spanish no less, with no one singing. Overall pretty bad experience.
1	ZERO STARS! Horrible service! Unbelievable, never have experienced service such as from this place! We literally had to walk out without eating! Don't waste your time!
1	I wish we would have checked the reviews to your restaurant before wasting our time. Obviously that is why there were absolutely zero customers in your restaurant. And last I checked.. and the rude people working in this restaurant checked.. the Groupon clearly states "Limit 1 per table". I was sitting at a table with my boyfriend and the Groupon was dinner for two. Like I said.. WORST customer service ever. SO happy I was able to spend my money elsewhere!
1	EVERYONE AND ANYONE NEEDS TO KNOW HOW AWFUL THIS ESTABLISHMENT IS!! I bought a groupon thinking it would be a great experience while my husband and I and another couple visited las vegas. In the print in the groupon it says only one groupon per party so we were all four well aware that we would probably have to sit at seperate tables while we dined so we could take advantage of both groupons. So we made reservations, took a cab for $30.00 to this place, ( take note this place is off the strip and first pulling up looks like a hole in the wall, grungy, not nice as you would expect from a brazillian restaruant )We then proceeded to tell the employees that we have a groupon and would be sitting at different tables, different checks etc. About a minute passed after we were sat when a gentleman I presume must have been the owner came up and told us he could not let us use both groupons because we are the same party. At the point I said "we are not the same party we are seperate tables seperate bills, im not even sitting with them at the same tables" I am not exaggerrating when I say that this business owner or whoever he was sat there and argued with me and told us that he saw us come in together same cab and although we are at different tables because of the fact we know eachother he will not let us use our groupons. He also proceeded to ask me like im some idiot " can you not understand me, let me explain this to you. " he even printed out the groupon to show me it has to be seperate parties. WE WERE IN SEPERATE PARTIES..... we ending up leaving not using our groupon and I am so thankful for that because look at these reviews below. People get sick, the meat is raw... um the owner patricia whoever whatever she is swearing at customers who left a bad review calling them fucking liars and sad human race. Seriously what does that tell you about this establishment?????? All of it makes sense now there was not one other person eating in this restaruant when we were in there. BERTOLUCCI BRAZILIAN STEAKHOUSE is BY FAR the worst customer service I have ever had.. in my life. DO NOT GO HERE. lets see what kind of restraint Patricia from Bertolucci has when responding to my review.. whether she'll cuss at me or call me a pathetic human.... stand up business right there.
4	Let me start with this:  Please make a reservation before you go.  It helps the Chef have the appropriate amount of food prepared when you arrive.  The restaurant is family owned and operated and this shows in all of the best ways: personal attention, great service, and tailoring the food to your personal tastes.  We were shown to our table quickly, and started with the salad bar and hot buffet.  Yes, yes... it is smaller than Texas De Brazil or other big chain restaurants but all of the offerings were tasty and I found plenty to fill a plate before the Passadores (the night we went it was the Chef/Owner and his Son) started bringing around skewers filled with perfectly seasoned and well-cooked offerings.  The meat selection is similar to what you would find at the goliath chains but two things stood out:  the handmade sausages and the marinated chicken thigh.  The sausages were seasoned perfectly, had just enough fat to make them juicy, and were in natural casings that gave a very nice snap.  The chicken thighs were marinated in (I think) beer, wine, garlic, and herbs that made them incredibly flavorful.   I'd love to say I will be back often, but I don't think my waistline could handle it!  I will certainly be back and I hope you decide to give this local gem a try.
5	So good! Great meat that's for sure! And the owners are super nice!! Will be back I'm sure!!!!
4	My boyfriend had a restaurant.com certificate so despite the Yelp reviews, we decided to go and see for ourselves. Overall, it was a great dining experience. The only thing is that it is a bit spendy for being very out of the way. It's not fancy like the other Brazilian places, yet the cost per person was about $45.Anyway, the restaurant itself is cute and small. They have a karaoke machine playing low, but it's a good background music as it goes with the theme of the restaurant. The servers took turns singing later and it was awesome! We laughed and clapped and cheered them on. The restaurant wasn't very busy and their singing somehow added some pizazz to the ambiance.The servers are dressed in cowboy gear, which is a little confusing, but whatever, they were awesome. Our servers were all so nice and we never had to wait for anything. We were greeted by the owner, who asked if we had a reservation. At first, it seemed they wouldn't have room for us, even though it was quite empty, but then she came back and graciously seated us. The salad bar is small, but the frejoida is yum. I LOVE that stuff. The salad bar is set up super neat and organized and everything seems extremely fresh. The meats started coming and it rarely stopped. They don't have the red/green system, so you just say no or yes to each item. We said yes to all the meats. The only thing that was disappointing was the bacon wrapped pork, which was greatly overcooked and tasted like cardboard, but everything else was delicious. ALL of the beef served was SO good. I also really love that they don't over salt their meat, like other Brazilian steakhouses, so  you can add your own salt to your liking. My favorites were the garlic sirloin, picanha, bacon wrapped chicken and sausage.If we had a coupon, we might return, but it's quite a hike unless you live in the Henderson area. I agree that the responses on the yelp reviews are unprofessional, but if you meet the owner you'll realize she is just a passionate person with a fiery personality, defending her small restaurant. Anyway, we really enjoyed our dining experience and I'd recommend people try it despite the reviews. Also, it's really ridiculous to review a restaurant you've never been to!!!  Your ill-informed opinion is affecting the livelihood of a hardworking family. If it's not a first-hand experience, you should feel ashamed trying to persuade the public to avoid an establishment.
1	Saw roaches on the floor. Waitresses were hella rude. Complained to the manager and she spit in our faces and cursed us out. The chef looks like a fat sweaty slob. Just a horrible experience. Customer service is foreign to them.
1	Bought a coupon of groupon, showed up and didn't even wanna step foot in the place. Very dirty, the meat was horrible there were bugs and roaches in the corners on the floor like they have been sweeped in a pile.. Do not be fooled buy the tasty groupon pic. Would never go back here
1	Does anyone read the responses from Patricia S. She apparently is an employee of the restaurant. Why support a restaurant that allows their employees to treat customers with such a bad attitude.  Gross.
4	The experience was great, first time doing this style of eating. The only parts about it that were ok is how fast you received each meat. And the finale of it all. I wish there was more to desert but im a sweets girl. The meats were delicious, especially the steaks. Oh my they were amazing. Even the grilled pineapple was delicious. They have a serve yourself sides. The chicken salad was really good, so was the salads. Although being the first time id probably save the room for the table side meat. Overall the service was great, the owner lady was really sweet and very kind. They explained everything well, id definitely recommend this to anyone. What an experience for our one year wedding anniversary. Thank you.
1	Went there last Saturday, November 8th, 2014.  First of all, the service was terrible.  The salad bar is very meager...nothing like the Texas de Brazil , nor Pampas for the prize Bertolucci's charges even with Living Social.  Here's the kicker...I asked for A-1 steak sauce and immediately afterwards they asked if they could have it as perhaps another customer wanted it.  I said yes but later I asked for it again.  They gave me (I assume was the same bottle but added water) a bottle and soon as I poured it on my plate it ran out like water.  Gross!  The quality was mediocre and when we left a small tip got dagger looks from the hostess/food server who BTW, all the time was just busy with adding up the tabs instead of attending to the customers.  FAIL!!!!! Should have left immediately when we stepped in because my husband and I took one look at the place and was very disappointed.   Oh and the responses of this Patricia....classy....I told all my friends about this restaurant.
3	Ummm just ok by food and setup but service was fabulous and there was no waite and yes the karaoke was fun to watch ... Not sure if I'll be back but I won't say never
4	The service at this establishment was fairly good.  This is a late review, but my wife & I ate here on the evening of the 4th of July this year.   I remember them having a talented gentleman singing as we ate our meal.  There weren't alot of people their on the 4th, but the atmosphere was very romantic.  The salad / buffet bar area has room for improvement as it's relatively small & limited compared to other Brazilian steakhouses that I've eaten at.
2	So we saw this place while out shopping one day. I later saw it on Groupon and figured  we'd give it a shot. It was mediocre at best. I feel Texas De Brazil and Fugo De Chao are far superior. Some of the cuts of meat were delicious,  others were chewy and overdone. The buffet bar was lacking. Our  soft drinks were served in a can, which I found slightly tasteless considering it's a steakhouse, not a food truck. Thankfully we had the Groupon. I doubt we will return.
2	We went wIth a Groupon for our anniversary 11/11. Wanted Texas but it was booked. Thought we would try this one since its close to home. Salad bar was sad. Very small and food looked like it was out of cans and had been sitting out for awhile. Nothing like Texas and Via. My husband prefers meat well done, they offered to cook a little more. Meat came back just as rare. We asked for a coke, they brought a can with a glass of ice. Meat selection was limited and was ok. Got the bill, couldn't believe Coke was $3!! Prices for meal are pretty much the same as other places. We will make the trek to Via or Texas.
5	Friendly, family owned and operated restaurant. We got a Groupon deal for this restaurant and we were not disappointed.  The waiters are very friendly and attentive, and will take the meat back and cook it more if you prefer well done. I like the fact that the owners are actually working - they were seating people, serving drinks and serving the meat, making sure their guests were happy. No, this place is not super fancy, but the food is delicious! Meat is less salty than other Brazilian bbqs I have been to - which is a good thing. The salt is not overpowering and you can actually taste the cuts of meat. The salad bar is small, but has good quality items. I much prefer this friendly atmosphere compared to a chain restaurant.
1	Bought the Groupon deal and now understand why they have the Groupon. The salad bar had empty plates and no one was refilling. The items on there were cold cut and pickles. Nothing looked appetizing, soup pot was placed on a table next to salad bar. We drank ice teas instead of the wine the coupon came with but was charged for two ice teas, service taxes, groupon fee?? After buying the coupon and paying for all the fees ($90) it should have gone the Fogo or Texas de Brazil. All the people that gave this place a low rating, well they're true.
5	we used their coupon special and were quickly hooked. The salad selection was perfect, and their already prepared fare was delicious. I recommend the chicken cacciatore and Brazilian chicken , but there are options to meet everyone's personal tastes. As you settle in they bring by delectable skewers of perfectly seasoned /roasted meats, until you can't eat any more. desert is included to end a delightful meal. The staff was friendly and quick to make you feel comfortable. Henderson is not far from the Vegas strip , and I would recommend Bertolucci's above the other hyped Brazilian restaurants.
4	Was worried based on some if the negative reviews in Yelp, but we really enjoyed it.  Service was great and all the meat was good.  I especially liked the Brazilian flan.  Much richer than the Mexican flan and very similar to my favorite dessert, Venezuelan quesillo.
1	Not sure what these positive reviews were paid for posting these 4 and 5 star reviews... I bought a groupon for this place and decided why not. I called ahead to see if a reservation was needed. I was told that it most definitely was or I couldn't eat there tonight. I get there and my car was the only one in the parking lot I almost left because I thought it was closed. So I called from the parking lot to see if it were open. The guy said yes we're jam packed come down! Lol.So I go in no hostess went almost into the kitchen to get someone to seat me. Sat and went to the salad bar. Salad bar sucked. Old cheese veggies hams and heated canned soups to eat. The meat was reheated by microwave I could tell in the taste and how soggy the meat was. So I receive the check after a bad meal one refill and bad service and they wrote down how much tip they deserved per total of the check not including groupon deal which was about 33$ lolI'm usually really optimistic I give restaurants a solid chance and hate giving bad reviews. But this place definitely deserves it. Someone needs to put this restaurant on a restaurant rescue reality show or something lol. Paid only 10$ less than I would have at Texas de Brazil or fogo. Pay the extra money and enjoy the service and better food. I promise you won't regret it.
