4	By FAR, the best in the area. My first choice always.
5	Clean, ambient, professional, healing refreshing and very affordable.What else can be said?I am a spa junkie and have been getting (on average) two massages per week, for the last 4 years.After moving to old town Scottsdale a year ago, I was excited when I saw a new massage house opening near me.I have been there 4 times now and have loved it every time!The therapists are well trained, and professionalThe ambiance is great, and the price is half as much as they should be charging.I read a review left by Larry L. complain that he paid more the second time around. I guess he did not realize that they give a discount on your first time.Without a doubt, this is my favorite massage studio in all of Scottsdale.
5	me and my husband love this place, super proffessional and the best massage in the valley! We get the combination thai boday and reflexology and feel amazing afterwards! ~~ The Sins
5	Having just been to Thailand in April, I can safely say the Thai Yoga massage that I had from Pom was extremely authentic and totally rejuvenating on all levels. I am amazed that more Americans dont know about and/or select this their number one massage option. This place is EXCELLENT and I highly recommend it!
5	I was a Massage Envy client, but got tired of trying to get in with "my person" and I don't know, I felt there was an attitude.  So I tried out a few other places nearby and eventually tried Thai Royal Massage.  I say eventually, as where it is (next to tire shop) and what it looks like (perhaps not where a woman should be going) kinda put me off - in other words it all looked a bit dodgy.Just ignore the location and the outside decor, as once you get inside, it is a little oasis.  I love the head to toe royal Thai massage (90 minutes, please) - the stretches they do to me are amazing, the foot work awesome ( and I am picky about my feet) and then once they turn you over and work on your back - heaven.  I feel much better than after I did from a 90 minutes at Massage Envy, so I have canceled my membership there and taken the membership at Thai Royal Massage - but you do not need to be a member to go - it just means for an outlay of $50 you get 20% of each service.For newbies, you leave some loose clothing on - they have some there to change into if you need to.  You can by in a room with up to 2 others, so take your friends if you wants to but, it is all so discreet and quite, you will never know anyone else is there.The prices are awesome !
5	I've been to so many massage businesses claiming to be the best.  But this is simply the best place ever.   I don't like it when i walk out of a place and don't feel anything except in my wallet.  This place is worth every penny.  So for those of you who need champagne and chocolate, fluffy white robes and fake employees than this isn't for you.  You walk in, they're always polite n on Time and you walk out feeling like you'VE been Massaged. No membership required
5	These guys are fantastic- always leave feeling like a million bucks!
5	Just go.  Husband and I went and saw Tony and Sana for a 90 min. Thai yoga massage and a 30 min. foot massage bonus.  It's one of the best massages we've ever had - also super reasonable in cost, especially when compared to traditional Swedish or deep tissue, but much more effective.
5	This is the best place I have ever been too from all my experiences in Arizona. First off the receptionists had a great attitude, she gave us a tour of the place and explained simple rules. The ambience was perfect for the type of massage they did and the music was calm and relaxing. The decor went well with their theme.. When my friend and I were ready for our thai massage, our feet were washed and then we layed on mats just like we are suppose too. My massage expert did wonders on my body, she cracks places I didnt expect to crack, she was also very concerned for me bcuz she would generally check up on me by asking if im ok and if I need anything. Aftet we finished our hour massage, we were offered water and paid then left. Of course I left a tip because I was treated well. The best massage ever I didnt want to leave, I felt like coughing up $60 again to go before I left back to nyc.
5	Got the 2 hr Thai yoga massage and was AWESOME. Wear shorts and tshirt cause you stay fully clothed. Lots of pressure and stretching with is perfect after my plane ride and a week of sitting and stress. They even gave a 1st timers discount. Serena was my masseuse and she went to town on my back and shoulders. It's a little different as the massage is done on a thin mat ( no face hole ) and there's no oil. Like other reviews , it's like yoga without the work. Perfect!
5	Outstanding!  I was in Scottsdale for some golf and baseball. Threw my back out and was suffering. Looked like my weekend was ruined but I happened to find Thai Royal. Tara (sorry if name is misspelled) was a miracle worker. She worked on stretching my back and I was 100% better. Looks like I'll be golfing tomorrow :)Thank you Tara and Thai Royal Massage!
5	I wish there were 50 stars!!!!! WOW! This place is so AWESOME!!! Seriously, I have had massages many places, ranging in prices from ridiculous to reasonable. I am a massage junkie and this place is the BEST I have ever, ever had.  It makes all other massages feel like novices. I best things about this place are the  masseuses are respectful of the quiet time you are seeking. The don't talk your head off the whole time, the atmosphere is quiet and serene, the ambiance is professional and clean. And it seems all the other patrons are equally respectful, nobody is talking and the massage quality is superb. So far, I have been twice, but I will make it a weekly event. The only thing I can recommend to a new customer is to wear light work out wear, as you stay dressed. They do have loose pants and shirts to change into in a pinch, but it just more comfortable to wear your own clothes.LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
5	Yep, this place is wonderful. When my wife and I were searching for massages on Yelp, Thai Royal Massage was near the top of the list and I'll admit, I was slightly apprehensive... yoga mixed with a massage? I'm not particularly flexible and was thinking it might be a hindrance or even painful... and watching some YouTube videos just made it worse. I knew I couldn't do some of the things the people I was watching were doing, but my wife insisted that they would know what to do and where my limits would be and like usual, she was right. I loved it. I was pushed and pulled and sat on and squeezed and squished, and I walked away wanting to do it every week for the rest of my life. This form of massage will without question increase my mobility and it feels so wonderful and is so relaxing to boot. I can't believe I almost passed this up.
5	This is THE best $30 you can spend.  It's the "Asian nail salon" of massage parlors, but so, so, SO good and TOTALLY worth it!You let them know the pressure you'd like the massage to be ahead of time and they keep track of who you've had in the past so you can pin point who you like best.I get the 1 hour full body foot massage.  You keep your clothes on (I wear comfy clothes like gym shorts and a tank top).  You aren't in a private room, but there are "rooms" created with curtains and the lights are dim, music calming and it's just an overall relaxing atmosphere.They put your feet in warn water and start massaging your scalp/face and arms and then move to your feet.  Probably 20 minutes of the hour is spent on your feet, but I'm sure you could request more/less.
5	Fantastic experience. Extremely relaxing.  It did wonders for my back and shoulder pains.
5	I love Thai Royal massage!! They made my first experience with Thai style massage amazing!! I've only had traditional Swedish style massage in the past so I was excited to broaden my horizons in the massage spectrum. I threw my sisters bachelorette party in Old Town Scottsdale and wanted to end the weekend with a relaxing massage. The space is nicely decorated and they had relaxing music playing. I had made an appointment and as soon as we got there they took us back to the comfy massage tables. While they worked on massaging my scalp and face our feet were soaking in a nice warm bath. They went on to work wonders on my arms, legs and feet. The cool thing about Thai style is that they stretch the crap out of you!! I didn't know my shoulder and hips were able to even go back that far! It hurt so good, so to speak. I like it rough (that's what she said) so I enjoyed every bit of stretch. They flip you onto your stomach and continue to massage and stretch. I fell asleep during the massage but we were both wide awake during the stretch. It was hard to keep a straight face but it was so funnnn! I can't wait to come back to do the Thai yoga! It's even more intense stretching!! The prices are very reasonable and since it was our first time we got a special rate!! Try try try!!
5	Confession: I really don't want to write this review. I'm afraid that if I do, all hell will break loose and I'll never get to book a massage as easily as I'd like to. Alas, for the sake of the workers, I'll give in, despite my hesitations. As an AZ newbie, there are very few things I actually enjoy here. I'm stubborn and believe that nothing can beat my beloved San Francisco Bay Area. However, when I do leave AZ, I'll definitely miss this place. The massages are great and the prices are unbeatable!I always opt for a 90 minute foot massage. I can't stand to get anything less. $55 plus tip. Note: Tip generously and in cash. The massage therapists deserve it! I'm a fan of a massages that are firm and manage to work out the awful kinks in my shoulders. The gals work it out every time! I can't say I have a favorite person yet, as most of them have been great! (Sadly, my last visit was just so-so. A friend recommended a particular therapist. Unfortunately, she didn't suit my needs. Also, she was supposed to work on me for 90 minutes, but only went for 60 minutes. Though they charged me appropriately, I was still disappointed. I'll chalk it up to a simple mistake. Lesson learned.)I try to go here every month to recharge. When I leave the area, I'm so gonna miss this place:(
5	Best massage ever. Don't think I'll ever go back to regular massages. This place had nice ambiance, clean bathroom. I've paid much more for massages that were not as good as the $50 massage I got here. Awesome.
5	i sound like a snob, but after being in thailand twice and experiencing the glory of thai massage, at about 5 bucks for an hour, i couldn't bear to pay more than that with the possibility of being disappointed. alas, in our great country, no massage is cheap. for a birthday treat to the wife, i booked us a thai royal hot stone foot massage. O...M...G.... it was glorious. 90 bucks for the both of us, for an hour. i never hear of this place, so i was surprised that they were so busy with clients. we were greeted upon entering by a superbly friendly lady and given the basic run-down of what to expect. i thought "come on...we've had the real deal. you can't possibly expect us not to know what to expect". but this is a thai foot massage with flair. we didn't have to change, but had i known how extensive even their foot massages were going to be, i would have worn far less cumbersome clothing. in the massage area, we were shown to reclining lounges an dangled our legs off the end. it starts with a warm water foot bath, followed by a coma inducing rub down of the feet and calves. i started snoring. was woken up by the startling feel of very hot stones being rubbed on my feet and calves. although they were hot, it felt so great!they add in a 5 minute face and scalp massage (my eyes roll to the back of my head for these), followed by a nearly full on body massage and stretch. and this is just the hour long foot massage. the 90 minute or even full Thai massage must be wicked comprehensive!i arose drooling around the mouth, disoriented, with a s**t eating grin on my face. the wife was equally gelatinous. if sheriff joe was around, we might have gotten arrested for "relaxing too much in public". i can't wait for the next one!
5	After a recent trip to Thailand (where we indulged in many $6 massages), my husband treated me to a foot massage at Thai Royal Massage. So, in Thailand a typical foot massage involves....well, massaging the feet, but also a mini Thai body massage which involves mostly compression and pressure points on top of your clothing to your back, legs, arms and scalp. Sometimes with reflexology massages they used to use this wooden stick for pressure points on the feet.I wasn't sure how similar this massage was going to be compared to what we experienced in Thailand, but was happily surprised that it was even better. I guess when you're paying US prices it should be, right?!  Well, not only was it a great massage but I feel it was very reasonably priced as well. After massaging your feet and lower legs by hand, they used hot stones-which can be VERY hot if they stop moving for a second! Followed by the pressure point Thai massage to the upper legs, back, arms and scalp. It also involves some stretching as they twist your arms and legs a bit. You get more of this in a traditional Thai massage. All in all it was great. The place is very clean and the lady at the front desk was very friendly and helpful.
5	OMFGJust had my first massage.  There were times when the pressure was a bit much for my fragile self but I'm writing this review in a current state of trance that is AHHmazing.My body was incredibly sore this morning from a recent hike and this was exactly what I needed! Now I'm off to go lay around listening to Above & Beyond and enjoy another state of trance#ASOT*OM*
5	Just like Thailand!  For anyone looking for the same experience this is the place!  Loved the fact that they had the loose yoga pants/top that you get to wear in the massage shops in Thailand and other Asian countries. Had the best girl tonight. Walked on my back, did the full stretching and my favorite part, the back adjustment. I walked out with a hot cup of jasmine tea relaxed and 2 inches taller. The price is definitely worth the service that you get. These gals know what they're doing and do it well!
5	My first Thai massage and I will never get another type of massage again!  They have me hooked!The ambiance was amazing and made me feel so relaxed, the masseuse and the girl at the front desk were wonderful, but the massage I got from the masseuse was AMAZING! I have never experienced a massage like this ever!If you want to feel like jello and relaxed as ever you have to go here.  Don't go anywhere else. This will be my go to place when in Scottsdale.
4	If you don't mind a complete stranger touching you (over your clothes), stretching you, pulling you, pushing you, and digging deep into your body, I highly recommend getting a Thai Massage... and if you find yourself anywhere close to Thai Royal Massage in Scottsdale, they will most definitely deliver!I took advantage of having President's Day off of work and made an appointment at TRM and I am so glad I did!  While the facility is pretty basic, a locker area up front and several curtained off areas in the back for foot massage and Thai massage, that's really all they need.  It's clean and there is bottled water to help you rid all of those toxins after your service.  Sana was my Thai massage therapist when I visited, and despite a language barrier, she knew just what to do.  Who needs to talk anyways?! I am most definitely a fan of this place.  My body felt wonderful after she worked on me for 90 minutes... I will most definitely be back.  Make sure you get your first time visit discount when you go... and enjoy your service!
5	I've just finished my fourth visit to Thai Royal Massage at the Scottsdale (on Miller) location, and I will definitely be back many more times....my therapist is Mint (yes, her name is Mint!) and although she speaks little English, she is very skilled and is already knowledgable about my pain threshold (the pain is from an injury that the Thai massage has helped me to recover from far more than the physical therapy I was previously doing).  Thai massage is very therapeutic if you have lingering injuries.For newbies:Some people refer to it as "passive yoga" and it is that, but much more - it's a combination of deep tissue/pressure point massage and stretching, pushing, pulling, and twisting movements to release tension and increase flexibility.As others have mentioned, this therapy is done with clothes ON - I wear stretchy yoga pants and a light tank top, but they do have loose clothing available for you to wear if you're coming from work.....they're like 'scrubs' that doctors and nurses wear.There's a lot more touching involved as they will literally crawl on you (using their elbows and knees to knead and massage your large muscles), and use their feet as well in the pulling and pushing for better leverage - don't worry, you let them know ahead of time how much pressure you can handle, and let them know during if anything even starts to get to be too much.The girl who works at the front desk (who has been there every time I've been in) is very friendly and professional, and their prices are very reasonable.  I definitely recommend Thai Royal Massage.
5	I crawled in here, tighter than a sun-dried rubber band, two days after dead lifts and arms at the gym. Word of mouth and Yelp promised salvation to the torture that my body was cursing me with. Thankfully I was able to nab an appointment on a weekend. On the form I requested the highest level of pressure. I figured I'd cry through my tears, to work out the pain. Little did I know what was about to happen.  Walking into soothing, tall curtained area I was led into the first private room on the right. Stepping up I met Tony, who bathed my feet in hot water and had me lay down on a thick yoga mat.Thirty five seconds into my foot stretching I thought, "Yeeeouch." So I asked Tony to slightly reduce pressure on one foot that had recently been operated on. Another twenty seconds in my grimace must have looked alarming, as Tony asked, "Are you ok?" (My eyes were covered with a towel, but my lips were not.) Yes, I said. Please continue. As he moved up my legs and they resisted movement Tony grew concerned. Pulling and kneading, firmly with hands and elbow. Nada.  The lighting is dim in the room but evidently my expressions were priceless."Are you SURE you're ok?"Finally I explained my recent return to the gym and that I lifted weights. Big heavy ones. His laughter ensured an understanding, even if there wasn't a worded response. So we continued.In my head I was thinking "OWOWOWOWOWOW...OOOOOWWWWWThisfeelsbadinagoodwayOOOOWWW[deep breath]...OhmygawdOWWW"But as we had reached an understanding Tony kept going.The first visit to Thai Royal Massage is at an intro rate of $48. Afterwards it is $60 for the 60 minute session. Believe me, it is worth every single penny. I am very much looking forward to returning for a foot massage. With Tony. My new best bud.The exterior of the location does not do justice to how incredibly soothing and relaxing the experience can be, providing you're not a dope and show up looking to be stretched out so hard. The next day I was able to walk like a human again.
5	Went for a birthday massage and was blown away at how good it was!  Such a good deal. Wish this place existed in my town because I would go all the time!  Got the yoga Thai massage from Mine.
5	This place was great! I have had Thai massage in Thailand and this was just the same. The prices are great too!
5	Love, love, love this place!!! Wish it was a bit closer because I'd go more often. I'm a massage therapist that needs the bodywork and they do an excellent job. I fell in love with this modality since the first time I went here! And the ambience is fantastic! Everyone is quiet so that you can enjoy your experience. It is worth every penny, and it's sooo reasonably priced! I can't say enough good things about this establishment!
5	This place is great. The masseurs don't speak any English, but if you point to your sensitive shoulder they understand to go easy on it. The foot massage is more than just your feet, they go over your body with pressure points and stretching. The soft music and sound of water are soothing and relaxing, and it's a good value!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE.The ONLY downside is that it's an addictive little treat.  Every day is such a "hard" day, and my back "always hurts" topped off with "well, it's only $35, my husband won't care."  I mean, others treat themselves every morning to a $5 caffeine riddled cup of coffee adorned with whip cream - is that really any different to treating oneself to a massage every week?  Or every couple of days?Exactly.  People need massages like coffee.There are a few things that make this place so easily accessible, unlike other  massage parlors.  1) No appointment necessary.  You can literally decided you need a massage and 10 minutes later be getting one.2) It is next to Sprouts.  It's not my fault I have to go to the grocery store.3) It is open late (until 10pm) and on weekends.  4) It is cheap.  $35 (plus tip) for one hour.  $45 if you really want to go crazy and get the hot stones.5) You can even get a massage while doing yoga.  In this case, massage = exercise.I really cannot think of anything bad to say about this place.  They soak your feet in warm water, and while it is called a "foot massage", they also massage your neck and arms and your hands and head.  And, then it gets better -- they flip you over and massage your back.Everyone is good but I recommend Tony.  To know my knowledge there is at least three men named Tony...but do not fret, there is no need to specify, every Tony is amazing.
5	To quote my husband, "I have to admit, that was one badass massage."  The place is beautiful!  The masseurs are truly excellent.  And the price is just $35 for a 60-minute Thai Foot Reflexology Massage.  It's an insanely good deal!!I chose "strong" for my massage pressure and it was incredible!!  I would describe the "Foot Massage" as a regular massage with extra emphasis on your feet (which start out soaking in warm water).  They thoroughly massage the head, shoulders, neck, back, legs, arms, hands - everything!  This massage wasn't one of those gentle massages that feels super relaxing but has no lasting effects.  This was one of those amazing, directed, powerful massages that makes you feel great while you're getting it, and then looser and lighter afterwards.  Huge win!!It's a clothes-on massage, so wear something soft - maybe even a tanktop and shorts for easier access (but I wouldn't choose a skirt, since you're mostly lying down).  Your torso is covered by towels most of the time.You lie down on a low, comfortable massage table of sorts, like parts of a couch that come together and apart for convenience when you flip over.Shout out to Bree B and Travs B for the awesome Yelp reviews that brought us here!  Already looking forward to the next one!!
2	My first two massages here were real good. Loved the prices and the location, close to home. The last three massages were below average. They no longer separate the curtains for more privacy and there's too much talking when the employee door opens & closes. The third massage experience, a woman therapist, was pre-occupied and wasn't focused on my massage. The forth massage was a male and he had bad breath and I just wasn't comfortable with him at all. Not in a sketchy way, just felt like he wasn't trained/certified in the least bit.  When I scheduled the last massage, yesterday, I requested a female therapist, which I didn't get = very disappointing. I've been receiving body work since I was a little kid. I know my stuff in this department. If someone requests a therapist gender, it's crucial to deliver on this, for many reasons. Needless to say, I wasn't able to relax much. The gentleman didn't do a bad job, it was a personal comfort issue. Yes, I could have said something, but I shouldn't have been put in this position to do so.  If you get a kick arse massage, I would recommend finding out his/her name and sticking with that therapist.  When the receptionist asked how the massage was, I replied it was okay, and she was interested why just okay. I told her I requested a female when scheduled, and she just said sorry. Sorry, but my business is going to SWIHA. Three strikes, you're out!
5	I am soooo happy I found this place! Today was my second time here and you truly cannot beat this place for the price. Atmosphere, customer service and the actual massage it self is all excellent. I like a stronger massage and the pressure was almost too much for me at times, but not in the bad way. My masseur, "Toni" was strong and got all the bad spots that so badly needed to be worked on! I am a client for life!!!
5	Amazing and affordable. After helping my sister move this past weekend I was in a desperate need of a massage. I was so happy that Thai Royal Massage welcomed walk-ins and have flexible hours (10am-10pm). I had the Royal Thai Massage and it was definitely what my body needed. My masseuse Tony was very knowledgable and professional. I will definitely keep coming back.. This massage and location were way beyond my expectations.
5	Excellent customer service! The Thai massage and foot massage are amazing. I had Jason who did a great job! Definatley coming back here. What a great experience.
5	This was my second time here and definitely not the last!  Searching on Yelp for the Best Massage in Scottsdale and Thai Royal Massage is consistently at the top of the list.  I drove over, parked in the front near the Pussycats Pole Dance and nearby barbershop.  The waiting area is serene and welcoming.I had visited last year and they had my information on file so there was no need to fill in paperwork.  Taking a seat, the receptionist offered my water or tea and said that they would be ready for me in about 5 minutes or so.  This was awesome, why don't I come here more regularly?  Having no appointment, showing up at 2pm and there is only a 5 minute wait?  Awesome!  According to the reviews, you can request POM or Tony for the best massage ever.  I was scheduled with Linda and she was great.  She incorporated stretching, Thai massage, a scalp massage and I felt like a new person.
5	My neck and shoulders were locked up tighter than Fort Knox.  Hubby and I have been doing a bunch of reno on our house - we've painted the entire inside of it, etc., so I was in desperate need of a massage.Based on the reviews I went online and booked an appointment.  As others have mentioned, this isn't a relaxing massage, per se - it was more like an ass-kicking, but in a GOOD way.  At one point I thought he was going to do a pile driver into my back with his elbow.  Not really, but it was exactly what I needed - at a fantastic price.  I'll definitely be back.
4	Full body massage for a good price.  The best part about it was they managed to hit the tickle spots on my feet which made the experience even more exciting, and they somehow managed to work in an elevator music version of "Santa clause comes to town" in the music mix (true story).   I will definitely be coming back.
5	I'm one of those people who tend to go to Day spas for massages with my boyfriend at least once a month. We discovered this place last minute today when we decided out of the blue to get a massage. Sadly all the places we usually went to were booked, so we decided to try out this place after reading all the wonderful reviews.I have to admit at first we were VERY   sceptical about this place. Not only was the area (connecting smaller stores around, not day spa like), the room they put us in was an open room filled with everyone in it. We could see everyone getting massages by us.But by the time they got to business did our perceptive change! The massage was phenomenal! They aren't afraid of adding pressure when needed (like most people who barely touch you). This is a place to go when you don't need all that lotion up to feel good.They simply put a towel over and know how to touch ALL the right pressure points. We were also shocked at how low the price was. It was 70 (not including tip) for both of us for an hour. It was a normal massage price for them, when were used to at least 120 to 160 each! We can't stop talking about this place and will surely come next time we feel a knot coming on. (Or when we just wanna be spoiled)
1	After reading the reviews, I decided to try this place. My husband and I have massage once a week and we tried a lot of places in PHX and we are members of Massage Envy for 6 years. We have to say that this is the worst massage we have ever had. The lady my husband had was from Thai Massage in Makong shopping center in Mesa which we used to go a lot. She was not the best there but is ok. The lady i had really didn't know what she was doing. her hands were wondering around like she is not sure what she should do next. It is very frustrating when you have massage regularly and have expectations. But, that was not the worst, listen to this, in the middle of the massage, she suddenly disappeared. I had my eyes covered and waited for about five minutes not knowing what was going on. So I removed the towel on my eyes and asked the girl next to me where she went. The girl gave me a couple of "maybe"s. When she finally showed up again, she whispered in my ear that she had to go to restroom to take care some of her personal issues. That was such a turn-off and I really wanted to leave right away. I stayed till it was done because I thought it would be hard on her if I left in the middle. But, when we left the place, we knew we would never go back again. Believe or not, nobody even offered us a cup of water. So we went to Sprouts next door to buy water because every one knows that you are supposed to drink water after massage.By the way, they opened another location. They have a grand opening special-20% off. But guess how much the regular price is? $45! It means that with 20% off, you pay $36. Like I said, we are Massage Envy member, and we pay $39 for full body massage with licensed massage therapist!
2	Yelp surprised me with this one.  Since I moved from the East Valley I've been looking for a place that was as thorough and as cheap as QC Reflexology in Gilbert.  I was anxious that this would fit the bill.  The massage itself was ok but there were a few things that really impacted the experience.First, the community space.  It's difficult to get fully relaxed when the gentleman to your immediate right is emitting some impressive snoring.  Also, the lighting is too harsh.  Finally, our 90 minute massage clocked in a 72 minutes.  Their giant digital clock on the wall helped document that large oversight in timing.
1	Awful, awful, awful! I have been here and to the Mesa location many times and have found the therapists to be very inconsistent. Considering the cost and close proximity to home, I have been quite forgiving of any shortcomings. However, today's massage, if you could call it that, was the worst I have ever received; it was more like a bad rub. The gentleman who was giving the massage was terrible. It seemed like he had little idea what to do and was just trying to fill 60 minutes. His motions were not only unpredictable (with no pattern) but extremely rapid and aggressive. I had a lot of trouble relaxing because he kept shaking my body for most of the session and his heavy breathing certainly didn't help. There was also a lot of chatting going on between the therapists and a vibrating cell phone that kept going off. Someone turn it off, please!!!To make things worse, when I walked out I felt very itchy and noticed that I had gotten two mosquito bites during my massage, one on my forearm and one on my left eyelid. Since the receptionist didn't make any contact with me after the massage was over, I decided to walk over. She then asked me if I enjoyed the massage. After I told her that it was "not very good", her response was, "Oh, okay."WHAT?????I also want to add that I hate how in the evening time, they ask clients to pay/tip first. Bad massage. Bad customer service. This place has just lost my business.
5	I have been to Thai Royal Massage twice in one week now and I plan on going back again really soon.Both times I had Tony as my therapist and he is amazing.It is very serene and relaxing yet therapeutic.The price for the hour thai massage is super affordable and worth every dollar.What you will experience will change your life and your body!
5	Just wanted to say that as a first time Thai massage client it was absolutely amazing. I have had many traditional massages and I don't think I could go back after this experience. Michael had the perfect amount of pressure and also knowing when to stop on the stretching part. I'm definitely hooked and can't wait till my next visit.
2	I just moved to Phoenix recently and I'm searching for a great massage spa. This is the first one I tried out. I got the regular Thai massage which is on a chair, just like in foot reflexology spas. The massage was basically that, but I've had better. I'd assume there would be something different to it being Thai but no. All in all the massage was okay. BUT WHO THE HELL MASSAGES THE SPINE WITH STRONG PRESSURE!
5	Best Thai massage I've ever had. Better than the ones in Thailand!! Must use. Ask for Aimee or tony.
5	A friend of mine got me a gift card for a full massage, so I went there for the first time. The place, the staff, and the atmosphere were amazing! When I got out, I felt completely relaxed and in a good mood! I definitely recommend it! :-)
5	I've been in several times for the regular foot and back massage which is a very good value, but I just had the Thai massage for the first time.  It was great.  My back was a little tweaked and I thought this will fix or kill me.  Did I mention it was great?When I arrived at my appointed time they gave me a locker and a pair of brown pajamas.  After I changed they took me back to the massage room where I took off my shoes and they had a tub of hot water to soak your feet in before the massage. Once your feet dry, you're ready for the massage to start.The massage is done on a pad on the floor with the therapist at the same level as you are.  This seems to give them better leverage and access to your muscles. My therapist used her thumbs, hands, elbows, knees, and feet to great effect.  Not only needing the muscles, but stretching them to release tension.  My therapist did a great job of releasing the areas around the tweaked area before starting to work on it. I went through the entire session with the tweak slowly fading away.I've been getting massages on a regular basis for years. I was really impressed with the level of release and relaxation that resulted from this massage. I'm very impressed and I can't wait for the next one.
4	This was the first time my mother and I did something like this. My mothers coworker raved about the "reflexology foot massage" and mom and I thought we would give it a try... We did not make an appointment, and they were able to accommodate us within 20 minutes which was awesome. They have nice little lockers to store your things, and a little fridge with water if needed. The room was large. It was a bit awkward, since there are multiple beds next to each other, and not even a curtain to separate you. I felt a little self conscious, but luckily I got over it quickly. I had a great woman, though I did not ask her name, since silence was a big part of the experience. She had strong hands, and made me feel very relaxed. Next time I will ask them not to do my face, because I broke out the next day, but I'm sure it's my sensitive skin, and not their fault. They tried to make everything relaxing, and luxurious. Even a bowl full of scented flowers, under the table, when you moved to your back was a nice touch. All in all, I plan on returning, and taking my husband. He could use a massage, better than the sad ones I try to give him! The only reason I gigged them a star, is the waiting room wasn't very welcoming. The woman told us 20 minutes, so mom and I went to sit in the lobby and the girl goes "You can come back in 20 minutes..." almost like we shouldn't be waiting in the waiting room. There was a bunch of info about reflexology I kind of wanted to read. Instead we walked around sprouts LOL
2	I went here to get a massage after rave reviews from a friend and being reasonably priced because I pulled a muscle in my neck and I needed it worked out.  Very friendly girls and the place is very nice, everyone was very professional (even the massage therapist.)  The guy starts with my legs and was working on them for a while and I was starting to think man, time is going really slow! And then a lady peeps her head in to tell him times up.. He thought I was getting a 90 min massage when I really wanted a 39 minute.  The therapist quickly tells me to lay on my stomach and massages my back and arms for maybe 5 minutes? Didn't even touch my neck.. but hey! My legs feel wonderful! I kinda feel cheated just because I'm still in pain, and I really wish now I would have just offered to pay him to fix my neck.. I want to go back to finish the job but I'm scared it's going to happen again and I don't want to waste my money..
