5	You gotta love private owned diggs! If you like mediterranean food try the shwarma! If you are looking for an inexpensive breakfast, they start at $3.99! Go and enjoy....
4	This little place is definitely worth a visit.  Primarily a Greek menu but a little bit of everything.  I think you will find something to your liking.  It's been a while since we have been here but wifey and I went several times for lunch and enjoyed it very much.Not a lot of seating but clean and nice, comfortable decor.  Hot hostess.I've also done take-out a few times and it has always been good.Only reason it doesn't get five stars is they seem to always be short on wait staff and it can take too long to get out of there if you are working to a lunch deadline.
4	I've been to Rustic Cafe a few times over the past months and would have to say it's pretty good. The place is a little small, but the food portions are large and the food quality is good. I usually get the eggs benedict, which is delicious. The breakfast burritos are huge! Breakfast skillets are also on the large side, although the NY steak & eggs skillet is a little bland. Service is usually prompt and courteous.  There aren't a lot of options north of the 101 for food (unless you want fast food), so this place is a welcome addition and deserves a visit.
4	I can't believe I was finally able to find an actual breakfast spot in the Phoenix area, I am from just outside of Detroit Michigan where there are these magical places called  "Coney Islands" and they are wonderful breakfast spots that people gather at in the morning to read the paper and get some affordable eggs and coffee.  I was pleasantly surprised to find this little place and really enjoyed my breakfast.  I do encourage more newspapers either for sale or available to be read only in the cafe.  Everyone should go and check this place out the servers were great and the management seemed to truly care about creating a good experience for me and my family while I was there.  Being personal and knowing faces and names are the key to places like this.
5	Now that was nice...Coffee in a little bistro with table service. You gotta love a hot topped coffee for about three bucks and appreciate what this place is NOT: Denny's or Starbucks. It feels good here. I did not have any food but the menu looked great and I will be back here for coffee for sure. Tip the server a few bucks for that bottomless cup of coffee, hang out, and read the paper... it's worth it.
5	Wow! This Cafe may seem small but the are mighty tall in service...They accommodate our Mastermind group on Tuesday mornings at 7:30 a.m. All business owners are invited to join us for a wonderful mind stretching and you can do this twice by coming to 6 degrees of leadership on Thursday at the same time...What a way to start your day...I would tell you who the leader is, however he is so humble he would not want the word out there...grin big..Janice
5	Made it back to Rustic earlier in the week and had another good lunch! It seems like they updated their recipe for the breakfast quesadilla. Larger portion and even more tasty than before. I love the chunks of veggies in their salsa, too. Seems like this place is catching on, as there were a lot more people there, but the service is still great.  Prices are still reasonable. Whenever I get back to this side of town, I'll be stopping!
3	Like the food..sometimes..but its inconsistent... my family won't go anymore because there is a funny smell in the place.
3	This restaurant has a clever name.  Sometimes that's all it takes to get people to venture inside an establishment.  The decor is not rustic at all, not sure where the name came from, but it is neatly decorated in it's own way.  There are bright colored tiles on several of the walls that adds a vibrant feel to the place.  It's not like many boring chains out there. I can't comment Rustic as a breakfast spot as I have only been here for lunch.  The prices are decent and they have a wide variety of options with many sandwiches to choose from.  Portions are very good for the price and presentation looks good as well.  The food didnt' overly impress me though.  Kind of your basic sandwich you could get from any restaurant. I'd like to give this place another shot as it seems like they don't have all the kinks worked out with running the restaurant.  There is to much competition in the Phoenix area and if you're not on your game then there are enough places to absorb your business.
3	Not too bad for brunch.It was good, but not AMAZING good.Interesting interior decoration.
3	Cute little family run cafe. Very inexpensive, my omelet was six bucks and came with potatoes and toast. Been here several times tried several things which have all been good, only thing I did not like was their steak and eggs, the steak was not a good cut and tasted odd. Patio is dog friendly and they have complementary papers you can read.
4	Very friendly. Good food. Large portions. Cute place.
4	Yay! I'm now a fan. I really like this spot with it's good, fresh food, and FREE WIFI! I've been to so many other competitors and this is what brings me back again and again. Good (/great) FoodGood PriceFriendly StaffFree WiFiand not being rushed...Well done
1	Slow service... Chicken was undercooked....Good Service...
1	Super disappointing experience. Went with a large-ish party which may account for some of the underwhelmingness.Our waitress was cold and unfriendly. The cafe wasn't even busy but couldn't furnish menus enough for the group of us.Upon ordering, which was possibly the strangest ordering experience I've had, we waited 30 minutes for our food at least.Once we got our food, the portions were sparse and the names were deceiving at best. The "rustic" potatoes were scarcely seasoned at all and appeared to have little more than salt and pepper and a sprinkling of thyme or some herb on them. Most of our food was cold (granted, the party was large) and some of it wasn't even available (a huge sign in the window advertised Latte!, which was not being served today because the machine was broken). Several people's toast was burnt.Dude, it was just lame.The place is clean enough and maybe if you're there with one or two others it might be different. Basically though, it was just a bummer.
4	Breakfast at the Rustic Cafe - what a treat! Sweet little place on Cave Creek and the 101, but never noticed it before. Based on the reviews here on Yelp, I had no real expectations so I was completely surprised when we had a most delightful breakfast. Nice menu with lots of options. Hubby had the Breakfast Changa. He was in Seventh Heaven. This is a huge burrito filled with eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes, and cheese, then fried. I can't believe he ate the whole thing. I ordered the spinach and mushroom omelet and it was just perfect. I am "Sally" when it comes to ordering eggs, and I'm difficult to please. I was thrilled when my omelet actually arrived on the soft side and the hash browns came they way I ordered - almost burnt. Our server was very pleasant, as was the rest of the staff . . . I would have given Rustic Cafe 5 stars except for one thing -- they serve their toast with Country Crock (not real butter). I should probably have asked if they have real butter, just when they brought flavored coffee creamer, I asked for plain and they graciously provided me with it. We'll be back soon!
2	Bitchy review: While they do serve okay food, what is rustic about this place? It's nice, clean and new. Merriam Webster defines rustic as: of, relating to, or suitable for the country: rural *rustic rolling farmland*. OMG this place is NOT country. Legit review: No seriously the place isn't rustic. Okay I'm done... the brunch at Rustic was just so-so. Coming from Chicago, we take brunch seriously and I was leaving a little be desired from my southwest omelet. And puh-leeze--I WAS IN THE SOUTHWEST. Call me an idiot, ("you're an idiot") but if I order a southwestern omelet, I'd expect it to be at least A LITTLE spicy as a main ingredient was chorizo. T'wasn't.
1	Every course was dissapointing. From the chewy, unseasoned steak, greasy and canned sauce pizza, to our rock hard brownie for desert. Not impressed at all, on top of that we were the only table and our server never got us refills, cleared our dirty plates (except when we asked her to when desert came), was unfamiliar with the menu (didn't know what they had for desert, uhhh Ice cream and ice cream sunday? Two or three items hard to remember?), and brought our check out before even asking if we wanted desert. Not gonna go here again, sorry.
4	I have had the take out (fish tacos), it was delicious.  I definitely will be dinning in and sampling more of what they have to offer.  I would like to say to the negative reviewers, GET A LIFE!!
3	I am sometimes over on this side of town and often see "Rustic Cafe." Turns out, some people in the area recommended it so I finally checked it out.  It was just very "okay."  Nothing special. Had dinner there.The descriptions on the menu make everything sound really good and fresh.  I ordered fish tacos.  Didn't taste too fresh. Fish tasted like it was just thawed from a frozen state.  The pico at the bottom of the taco was so cold that I thought the taco shell was served to me frozen.  Very average.My friends had omelets and they looked good but the toast that came with it was not even decent-looking bread.  If they could cook the items on the menu better, with those descriptions given, they would be okay. Gotta "up" the cooking quality.
4	The Rustic Cafe has very good food.  It is a nice little locally owned restaurant.  My only complaint would be the service.  My husband and i have been here a few times and the service has not been up to par.  I went with my kids on a SUnday morning for breakfast and the waitress was wearing a shirt that showed her navel.  My suggestion for the owner is to have some type of uniform, even if it is black pants or khaki pants and provide a logo shirt.  Also, have the staff trained on cusotmer service.
4	I have passed the Rustic Cafe quite a few times, never knowing this was a sit down, dine in spot.My sister suggested it on a friday night, so we ended up going on before a movie.Really cute decor-and really good food.We shared some bruschetta, and all had sandwiches. My fish sandwich was fantastic-though my husband felt his spicy wrap, was not spicy at all.Definitely will go back and try breakfast.
4	If you drive by too fast, you'll miss it.  My husband googled places near where we live to eat as we were going to the movies with my sister (I'm the sister in the review below!) We decided to forego the chains and stick to a local biz. I'm glad we did. I had a burger and steak fries and it was all very good. Our server was chatty and nice and we had a very pleasant experience. We put it on our lists of local spots! Tasty.
5	I have been to the Rustic cafe on several occasions with my 3 kids. Two of them are the pickiest of eaters you will find ( 11 yrs old )!  My son swears he has never eaten better chicken strips and every time has eaten every last Bite ( Never happens )!  My daughter will go through several bowls of her soup and I am usually lucky to get her to have a 1/2 of anything she orders.  My oldest Loves the Chicken Alfredo.  I usually get one of the Mediterranean dishes or the lox platter which is sooo good!!  I am always recommending this perfect neighborhood establishment .  Now they have an alcohol license I'm coming no kids for Happy Hour!!  They carry Blue Moon beer!!!!!
4	My go to spot for great AM grub.  Service is great, has real chill vibe, and price is right. They have an assortment of cafe drinks to start your day off right. Biscuits n Gravy for around $3 is what i recommend.  Nice patio area to enjoy awesome early morning phx skies.Oh and has free wifi :-)
5	I love this place. The salads are fantastic and reasonably price, and they have wi-fi! Service was prompt and friendly. It's hard to find a restaurant that has wi-fi. Usually I have to end up in a coffee shop with my lap top. So when I found this nice little restaurant I was in heaven.
3	Not Rustic one bit but sort of Basement Chic. Family owned featuring The Home Cook preparation Style of breakfast, lunch and dinners in a wide assortment of diner priced meals.I noticed while dining at lunch time that most people were having breakfast plates and the few who weren't where having GIANT sized burritos and almost everyone leaving were carrying out doggy boxes for latter .  I decided on a Spicy Chicken Wrap and got to pick one of 12 sides I picked Grilled Vegetables. Well it wasn't too salty or oily and the chicken seemed fresh and being an overly generous portion that could feed two ladies I think I should give 3 stars but, My Spicy Chicken Wrap was NOT SPICY one bit and when I took a bite out of it a big slice of tomato plopped out and the 1/2 wrap I was holding started squirting out liquid all over the plate like it was peeing. My side of grilled vegetables were peppers onions mushrooms zucchini cut real small like omelet mix so they were disappointing , I was thinking I would get pieces of vegetables  maybe carrots or broccoli.This place is very low cost for what you get.
4	3.5 rounding up to 4 Rustic Cafe was good for my first visit, not the best i have ever had but good. Rustic = no neither the decor or the food brought "rustic" feeling. The place is clean, cute and friendly. The food was good, quality and quick. I had a 1/2 Ruben on sourdough with the salad. I wish they had a better Blue Cheese dressing as it was boring. The Veggies were fresh, the bread was good and the price was just right. I will be back to try some other items.
4	Good food with a diverse menu. Nice service and clean, welcoming atmosphere. Would go again!
5	My roommate and I absolutely love this place. The only downside is that every time we go, we swear we'll try something new, but inevitably we end up ordering our tried and true items. We'll split the Arizona Burrito for breakfast because it's massive (loaded with eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes and cheese with sour cream and salsa), or the Rustic Chicken Club if we're there for lunch. Even if we get separate entrees, the bill never comes to more than 20 or 25 bucks including a tip. No, the atmosphere isn't exactly "rustic", but the food is always fresh, the restaurant is clean and well maintained, and the staff has always been friendly. One man who works there in particular (I wish I knew his name) is amazing. For the longest time we thought he was the owner because the service was so above and beyond.I'm sad they are only open until 3 PM now, but I hope they pick up again soon so we can go back for dinner.
4	This is a great Sunday morning brunch place.  I like the Chorizo it is surprisingly good.  (I am a big Chorizo fan)Coffee is good too - they have it to go if you are in a hurryStaff are friendly and understanding of crazy kids
5	We stopped in on a Sunday afternoon and were greeted right away. The restaurant was very clean and cute. The entire staff was very friendly and the food was homey and totally had value for price. It was our first visit to Rustic Cafe, but it won't be the last!
4	I went here for Sunday Lunch and had a wonderful experience. The service was very good and cozy. The people were all friendly and prompt. I ordered the Ham and Swiss- Rustic Style with a side of the Reuben soup and pumpkin spiced latte. I loved all of it! My friend ordered the gyro and a salad and both looked incredible. The portions are large and the food is rich so make sure to order small.I had a delicious experience at Rustic Cafe and I will be going back. I would make sure to ask for your pumpkin spice latte extra hot and be sure to inquire about the specials!Yum!
4	I came here to grab some breakfast for the first time on a Sunday afternoon.  The place wasn't packed at all.  The nice thing was there's a patio area in case you wanted to eat outside, but I saw some smokers out there and decided to decline.  Does AZ have any laws regarding smoking in restaurant patios?  I tried their southwestern omelet and it was good.  The salsa and chorizo weren't too overwhelming with spices.  The hash browns were crispy but not burnt.  The plate was a good portion to start the day off.This place beats going to a Denny's or some chain.
4	mom and i were looking for a quick bite to eat after leaving dad's VA memorial service at national cemetery.  read some great reviews for rustic cafe and decided to give it a try.  we picked a winner!we both ordered the southwestern omelette with spicy chorizo, grilled red peppers and melted jack cheese on top. plus they had a real nice salsa.  nice and clean environment with very kind service!definitely will be a stop for us in the future--just wish they were closer to us!
4	Tom: I love this place.  They are quick and offer quite a fun selection of different foods.  You are in and out and for a "cafe" type it works perfectly.  I like the Ham n Swiss sandwich.  The bacon at this place is second to none.  They do it PERFECTLY.  Also, the Gyro I've gotten on a few occasions and enjoy it a lot.  I do want to try it for dinner with the prime rib/potatoes.  It is a very clean restaurant.  The one thing that doesn't work is that it is oddly decorated.  What is with the rainbow tiles on the wall?  Also, lose the TV.  Ann: Very enjoyable restaurant.  We have become regulars here usually for breakfast or lunch and have never had a bad experience.  The wait staff is friendly and accommodating to requests.  Omelets are excellent as well as a variety of sandwiches.
4	Wow what a cool "rustic" place! very cute and cool at the same time! We found it in our entertainment book and we live right by the place! We were looking for a cheap cool place by our house.The service was good and the food was yummy! I had Eggs Benedict and my wife had a Gyro. Both were cooked very well and I asked for a lil extra Bearnaise sauce and it was on the plate not in a lil cup like some places! The eggs were a lil overdone but still delicious and the wife's Gyro was very flavorful. The prices were very reasonable even without the 20% off coupon we had.All in all we will be back and if you are in the area and hungry for some good food I say swing in and give it a try. Let me know what you think...
4	Great food all around. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner....always delicious! The wait staff is super friendly and accommodating.Definitely a place to return to.
5	We came in on a Sunday after the rush for a late brunch. The food was unique and fresh, not greasy at all. I totally recommend it. It was quiet/not busy when we came in and our food came out as fast as expected. Wonderful place
2	It started out promising enough.  We were pleasantly greeted and seated promptly.  Reviewing the menu, many of the dishes looked good.  Our waitress seemed nice (despite the really long red sparkly fingernails - maybe not appropriate for food service?) - she brought water and took our order.  Then things went sideways...What we ordered:  Eggs Benedict with well-done hash browns, and the Arizona Burrito.  What we received:  Barely warm undercooked hash browns and poached eggs that were left sitting too long - the yolks were rock hard!  How long did those poor things sit before being served?  Ick.  The Arizona Burrito was supposed to contain eggs, sausage, bacon, potatoes & cheese.  While it was large and impressive to look at on the plate, where was the meat?  A few paltry pieces could be identified amidst the egg/potato filling.I would have liked to be able to ask to have my hash browns cooked a bit longer, or for my eggs to be cooked correctly, but our waitress DISAPPEARED.  Gone.  Where did she go?  Busy staff came and went (walking right by empty water glasses time and time again), but she was nowhere to be found.  She never came back to check on us, refill water or even give us our bill.  Another waitress passing by took pity on us, and went to find someone to bring our check.Breakfast is supposed to be a good start to the day, not an exercise in frustration.One more note - please remove the Christmas decor - it is the end of January.
4	I have been here three times for breakfast and my boyfriend and I both enjoyed it each time. They have extended their menu since the last time I was there, and seem to serve a little bit of everything, with an emphasis on comfort foods. I am a huge fan of biscuits and gravy, and each time I have gone there we have split an order and I havent been disappointed yet. Once I had a southwestern skillet breakfast that was heavy on the cheese, but really tasty. This last time I had the california benedict, with spinach and avocado that really hit the spot. My man had  some kind of breakfast sandwich on texas toast that looked fantastic. The only thing we can't figure out about this place is why it isnt more enticing to us. The food is good, its close to our house, yet we only go when I find a groupon. Maybe its the cafeteria feel of the place? It kinda reminds me of a hospital cafe. Clean and good but not a very happy place. I dont know why, that is just how it strikes me i guess. But I do recommend their breakfast!
4	I never really understood the appeal and pervasiveness of the "Friday night fish fry".  Thanks to Wikipedia I now know that they began as a response to Catholic restrictions on eating meat on Fridays.  But outside of religious reasons I can't see why someone would get excited over something you can get anytime at Long John Silvers or your favorite fish & chips joint.So, when I came here super-hungry on a Friday night, the main reason spurring me to order the fish was the promise of it being "all-you-can-eat".  I was taken aback when the 1st plate came out at how big, golden and crunchy the fish was.  I'm really picky about how fish is prepared, and this was perfect.  The sides were good, too, everything tasted fresh and the portions were big.After my first plate I was getting pretty full, and wondered if I should have ordered the normal fried fish plate, but it tasted so good I couldn't stop!  I think I had 2 more plates...Everything about the visit was great.  Our server was attentive and friendly.  The atmosphere was bright yet cozy.  The food was delicious and plentiful.  The prices are very reasonable.  I'll definitely have to come back.NOTE:  The hours they have posted on their website seem to be outdated, but I think the ones shown on the menu are accurate.
4	Great find! Fresh and flavorful cranberry chicken salad and spicy chicken wrap for a good price.  Plenty of good choices for sides with the sandwiches.  I had the macaroni salad, which was very tasty - just the right amount of dressing, too.  Service was friendly and attentive during a late lunch.
4	Nice decor, like the wooden tables and chairs.  Not really a "rustic" setting, more bright and comfortable with lots of natural light and colored ceramic tiles on the walls.Big breakfast menu and it's served all day.  Think the owner is in the kitchen, which is usually a good sign.Pizza is good it's all made using pita bread.good sized portions, good food, friendly service and reasonable prices.
4	Such a great lunch spot with great service!!  Tons of options for everyone, including healthy options.  I had the grilled fish with veggies and rice, and it was super flavorful and well cooked.  The servers were very nice and were very speedy.  Will definitely go back again for lunch and would highly recommend it.
4	Great breakfast!  Our family of five ordered various menu items to share them all...and each one was very good.  Great service at a great price...+a 5% discount for paying with cash.  We plan to go back.
3	The Hubs and I gave this small neighborhood joint a try this past weekend for breakfast.  Though we have driven past here many times, since it is near our house, we've never stopped in.  We decided to give it a try for breakfast on Sunday afternoon.  Upon our arrival, we were promptly greeted and told we could sit anywhere.  We choose a table by the window and thoroughly liked the light, airy feeling inside.  The menu is pretty large with lots to choose from.  After much deliberation, I decided to get the corn beef hash and the Hubs got eggs Benedict.It took about 20-30 minutes to get our food, which was kind of a long time for eggs, but once it came, everything was warm and how we ordered it.  I found the corn beef to be OK, nothing great... more peppers and onions then corned beef.  I really liked the eggs Benedict my Husband ordered.  His hash browns were also good... could have used some salt and pepper and maybe onion, but they were crisp and cooked well.  Everything we had was good, not great... we weren't blow away, but we were satisfied.  All in all, this is a good spot for breakfast.  I am sure we will return in the future when we are in the mood for a good fresh meal.
4	3.5 rounding up to 4 starsWhen I think 'rustic', I think kuntry cookin', painted wooden signs with pithy sayings, and a hearty slathering of Paula Deen's cure-all: butter.It didn't live up to its promise of rusticity for me, but Rustic Cafe has a lot of other things going for it, like great prices, lots of menu options, friendly service, and a bright, cheery, dining room with nary a sign spouting down-home wisdom in sight. My first visit was on a Saturday morning and I administered the ultimate breakfast challenge: sausage and OM eggs with toast and hash browns. Sounds simple, right? You'd be surprised. Rustic Cafe, however, had no problem delivering the goods: hot, timely, and perfectly cooked. The hubs ordered biscuits and gravy, and though he thought the gravy was a little under spiced, he said he would absolutely go back.On another visit for lunch I split the gyro (which I don't think can be classified as 'rustic' unless you pronounce it  JY-RO) and french fries. It was just the right size for sharing and gob-smacking good. They even added pickles and extra toms at no extra charge. BO-NUS!This is definitely a no-frills neighborhood place, but it's one I hope will be around for a long time. Maybe even long enough to get 'rustic'.P.S. I think it's really more of a 'Nod to Nostalgia Cafe'. With brightly colored tiling on the wall and a couple of classic car prints, it seemed kind of  50s diner-esque, without the kitsch.
4	I've been here a few times for breakfast, never eating any other meals there. Very quaint restaurtant, the day we were there the waitress had her daughter following her around which was very cute. The food is good. I've had the Arizona Burrito and Eggs Benedict both on more than one occasion. My wife loves this place. We will be back again soon.
5	My son and I were very impressed with the food and the service.  We ordered the Breakfast Changa and the Greek Skillet.  The skillet was loaded with meat and vegetables, and the "Changa" was huge.  We took about half of the food home.  The servers stopped by several times to see if we needed anything and were friendly.  Also, we ordered the Rustic dessert changa...excellent.  It was loaded with berries, cream cheese, and whipped cream.  We will definitely return.
5	Awesome!! Owner is super nice
4	I don't know where the word 'Rustic' comes from in the naming of this restaurant.  There is nothing rustic about the food or decor.  But that criticism aside, Rustic Cafe was a nice little spot to get a decent breakfast.I ordered the 2 egg breakfast with a half waffle.  For only $6, you get a decent meal at an extremely great price.  While the food didn't amaze my pallet, it certainly wasn't bland.  But am I really expecting a cook to reinvent over easy eggs, toast, hash browns, and a waffle?  It's a meal just about anyone can cook.  But the batter used for the waffle didn't taste like a mix, so that's better than I would have done at home (I would also have to get a waffle iron).  The generic individual jam and country crock margarine packets felt a little unnecessarily cheap.  Then again, the meal was cheap.  The portion size was perfect.  I was certainly filled up for the morning.I would say breakfast at Rustic Cafe is more of 3.5 star experience, but I'm willing to round up since it's a small local establishment.  I wouldn't recommend anybody go out of their way to eat breakfast at Rustic Cafe.  But if you live close, it's worth a try.
4	Me and 3 coworkers stopped here for breakfast on 10/30/12.I found it on Yelp and we decided to try it since they had better reviews than other breakfast places in the area.We were not disappointed, food and service were very good.I ordered eggs Benedict, I think California... I liked the fact that they have 3 kinds of potatoes (regular, Cajun and Greek I think). I ordered Greek and they were really good.I give them only 4 stars because I chose Benedict California because it said it had avocado... and it took me a little while to find the avocado : P  At first I thought they had forgotten it, but then I found the tiny slices : (It was still good.Oh, almost missed to mention, prices are very reasonable.
5	Went back 2 days ago to share this gem with my hubby and a friend.They got the Southwest Omelette and I got the Rustic Breakfast Burrito.They passed the crispy bacon test with flying colors.Bacon was really good and way less than what other places charge for a side of bacon.Service was great, and the food was delicious. The portions were very big.Well, on second thought, the food may have taken a little too long, but the conversation was so good we didn't even notice at the time.PS Somebody please water the plant!! It looks like basil and it was in desperate need of water. : )
5	I love this restaurant, it is very close to my house and very affordable! The decor is nice. I have eaten here 3 times, and the quality has always been top notch. My only complaint is that the service can be a little slow, so it may not be the best place if you need a quick meal.  Their homemade country fried steak is awesome, either as a breakfast or lunch item. I will definitely be returning! Thank you :-)
4	Not a bad place to get a good simple breakfast!
2	We went to Rustic Cafe today for breakfast because we saw that it had a 4 star rating.  Normally, yelpers are right in their assessments of restaurants.  This, hoewever, was not the case.  My hubby and I both got omelettes.  They were both filled with stuff, but quite greasy.  The hasbrowns on my hubby's plate were cold.  We were both frankly quite underwhelmed by this place.  The price point was good.  I am a stickler for tasty OJ at a breakfast place, thus I am taking a star away for the sole reason that the OJ was obviously from concentrate.  I don't even drink OJ from concentrate at home.  Why would I pay $3 for it?
5	We met a friend for breakfast and we were very impressed with the food.  My wife had the 1/2 Belgian waffle and I had the Eggs Au Gratin.  VERY GOOD, they were baked with a version of Hollandaise, green onions and parmesan, very tasty.  Nice menu options, would stop again on another trip to Phoenix.  Easy to find, just off the 101.
4	I ate breakfast this morning, fist time at the place, it was just OK, but they definitely have potential. I don't know what happened to the food from stove to table, but it was a little cold, but edible. The toast is brought to you not buttered (big mistake, it should be buttered) I asked for hash browns crispy they were almost crispy, the steak was very good. I hope they read this because I'm hoping they will read and review their steps and hopefully they will make changes or try some changes to correct these issues.  All in all the food was good just needed to be better. The staff and the place was fantastic, I loved being there, I hope to go again and I hope to enjoy it more.
1	THIS PLACE IS HORRIBLE! ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE.  I've been going to this place since it opened and today will be the last time I ever walk through that door. I called in my order for lunch at 12 o'clock and was told it would be ready in 10 minutes. When I arrived there I stood waiting for someone to acknowledge me. When the girl finally did, I told her I was there to pick up my food. She asked me if I ordered something other then what I called in. After correcting her, she took my money, and I stood there and waited, and waited, and waited some more. After standing there almost 20 minutes a woman came to talk to me. I explained how this was my lunch break and didn't understand why it was taking so long. She told me it wasn't taking long I hadn't put my order in until 12:23. The lady kept arguing with me and then informed me that I needed church. I hope no one makes the same mistake I made by going to this place.
4	I have been to this establishment now a few times in the past month.  Was looking for a new place to try. I must say I like the setup and location. The menu has a wide variety of choices, side dishes and the prices are VERY reasonable. The discount offered for paying cash is a nice incentive.  The quality of the food overall is 5 stars. The only reason I didn't give a 5 star rating overall is due to the fact service in my opinion is very mediocre. After being seated had to wait nearly 10 minutes before being greeted at table. Following drink order it took several minutes to be served beverages. I actually believe the server forgot. The ladies sitting across from me had been seated and greeted..but no one had taken their drink order either. The woman actually had gotten up to find someone. 1 out of the 2 entrees were prepared correctly. I have seen the owner here around and about but has never said hi or asked how things were. I will go back but my advice would be to train the servers the basics and be a little more personable. Great menu and food but poor service will catch up adventually.
3	It was good- but not great.  We were the only ones seated on our side of the restaurant (I'm guessing because we had a baby with us).  Because of our location we felt a little neglected.  The food was good, but the floor was a huge mess- even before our kid contributed with his dropped toast and crumbs.  We'll probably go back and see if we have a better experience next time.
2	Decided to try Rustic Cafe for lunch today.  Looked at the Yelp reviews and on line menu thinking this is a place both my wife and I would enjoy.  Sometimes I'm in the breakfast mood and she's not so things looked promising.  We were seated quickly and received average service overall.  They certainly don't go out of their way to do anything extra.  You even have to butter your own toast (actually not butter but half melted Country Crock).  I got the feeling a great deal of the food is prepackaged.  My wife ordered the salad with smoked salmon.  The lettuce was not fresh and my wife had to pick out the pieces that were super wilted and sticking to the edible leaves.  Looked a lot like that grocery store packaged salad that's been sitting in the fridge a little too long.  The smoked salmon was maybe equal to two strips of lox.  It was torn into a few pieces and rolled up so it would look bigger...which it did compared to what was essentially a side salad.  Very disappointed for $10.  I had the Greek Skillet.  Two eggs over green peppers, "gyro" meat, olives, feta, and onions.  Served with side of hash browns and toast.  First, several reviews mention the cold hash browns.  Believe it..they are served barely warm.  They are flavorless as they are simply potatoes without onions or any other flavors.  The Greek Skillet was fair.  The gyro meat is the prefab strips, not nearly as good as many fast food places serve.  No reason to return.
2	I went here once with a friend for breakfast.  The food just wasn't good.  I won't say it was the worst food I have ever had, but definitely nothing enjoyable at all.  I've never been back.  It's too bad because it's the only breakfast place I know of in the area.
3	My boyfriend and I live really close and are always looking for a good breakfast place. We read the reviews before going and were a little apprehensive about the wait time and service complaints. We went on a Saturday morning around 9:30 and were seated on the patio. No wait. Hostesses were polite, but not as cheerful and receptive as I usually expect from most places after my many years experience as a receptionist and hostess. First and last impression is always important to me. Patio seating was ok. They have rod iron table and chairs (low quality), no cushions... Not exceptional, but not bad. Coffees were great! Food was delicious and exactly what I expected and portions were medium. Our server was a little too relaxed for my taste and forgetful for a simple order at a time when it was not too busy. To give them a five star rating I would be looking for more efficient and well trained servers and more comfortable outside seating. Overall service was good and we will go again.
3	Neighborhood friendly. Fresh and clean, why isn't it busier? I believe it's missing that,  "unique" edge. It's a safe place to visit but I'm not needing to return to enjoy what I had or to try something new. Great location and a nice place to meet a friend for a simple meal.
3	Went here for lunch. Ordered Smoked Salmon Cesar Salad - Would never order it again. Salmon wasn't "smoked" to my liking. The texture was off.  The salad had dressing on the side, which in my opinion, isn't appropriate when it comes to a Cesar salad. It should be tossed beforehand. My Mom ordered the Greek Nachos - They were awesome! Something I would never order but ended up eating 3/4 of it. Feta, olives, Pita chips, calamata olives, artichokes, scallions, greek herbs, feta, and Havarti cheese on a bed of hummus. The freshly made pita chips are soft yet crispy around the edges and very good. I'll give this place another shot for sure. The couple next to us ordered breakfast and it looked delicious. They serve breakfast all day which is nice.
2	The night I dined here there was a business meeting going in the main dining room. So we were forced to sit in a tiny area in the front if the restaurant. The lights were up all the way ruining any chance of ambiance and we could hear the entire meeting. They had a chalkboard advertising many different coffee drinks, but the machine was broken. My friend had the meatball sub and I ordered a salad. Both were ok, nothing special. The server was very sweet, but I would not go back.
5	Great breakfast anytime, good prices, local business, super friendly staff, and close to home. Would recommend to anyone!
4	Super good food and well priced.
2	I've been here twice as after the first experience I decided to give them another chance before writing them off.. BOTH times had to wait ages before being shown to a table and the same for service afterwards. Second time sat at the table over ten minutes before a server arrived - never got a coffee refill either, in the end had to hunt her down and ask for one - NOT GOOD. A shame as the food was, but I like to go somewhere where I can order and enjoy my food in a reasonable amount of time and drink coffee with it. Won't be going back.
4	Been to this location several times and it definitely a locals spot to eat. It's very mom and pop feel and they have a pretty varied menu, which was surprising to me.  We had their Mother's Day breakfast buffet several months back, and I have also had their spaghetti (which I've ordered on multiple occasions) - everything was tasty and service has been good each time as well. My parents have already mentioned visiting this restaurant again when they come back for a visit - so I think that speaks to their verdict on the place!Overall: AA good place to grab a bite if you are in the area.  It isn't anything fancy, but the food is tasty!
4	Went here for breakfast with Hubby, Daughter and Daughter's Friend. As always, food was great. I had the huevos rancheros and they were not as soaked in salsa like the previous time : ( but they were still good : )Daughter had a breakfast sandwich (don't remember which one), hubby the Southwest omelette, and Daughter's friend a breakfast burrito that was huge!Service was good, we asked for crispy bacon and we got it late and not that crispy : ( They didn't pass the crispy bacon test this time
5	Came for our usual monthly meeting that meets here on Thursdays (101 Referral Network).  Ordered the Chicken Ceasar Wrap that came with Steak Fries.  The sandwich was excellent and the fries were fluffy, and not greasy.  It was excellent choice and the owners were so gracious and attentive.  It was the perfect meal, not to heavy, not too much.I will order it again and again...my new favorite!
5	Great restaurant and great owners!I've held The 101 Referral Network Meetings there the second Thursday of every month for the past two years with never a problem. The food and service has always been excellent! They even designed a reduced menu for our group and allow us to modify it as often as needed.Eric and his family go above and beyond making sure that each customer is satisfied.
4	nice place for breakfast, like service even they was busy, didn't feel  that, food was testy usual choices for breakfast but cook well
5	I love the people that work here, they are always very friendly and will go the extra mile to provide great service. The food is VERY affordable and the quality is better than average. The food is amazing- I recommend the corned beef hash-it's made fresh(not from a can) and is very scrumptious.
4	Good food and good pricing!
3	The people were nice, but the food and atmosphere just isn't there. The place has an awkward layout with a wall in the middle of it. They sell little girl dresses up front, which is unprofessional in my opinion. I came here for the food, I don't want to know what you do as a hobby. Sell that stuff in the appropriate setting.Also, this is basically just me and a few other crazy people out there, but I don't like when waitresses/waiters are dressed too relaxed. I'm all about being comfortable at work, but the leggings/yoga pants that women wear should not be considered work attire. I just don't get it, it doesn't set the tone for me to hand over my cash. With the above said, I expect the meal I got. It was cheap, basic and nothing I'd come back for. My girlfriend had an omelet - the worst I've ever seen. Eggs were overcooked, toppings were scarce and you're supposed to fold in the ingredients, but it looks like they cooked the eggs, forgot about the toppings, and then stuffed them in the egg as if it were a shell to a taco. My dad had pancakes and toast - or rather they brought him out French Toast in error (I mean, he ask for toast, the waiter asked what kind, and he said Wheat. How he brought out French Toast instead...) Again, my dad said it was nothing special.I had over-easy eggs, hash browns and something else. I substituted the toast for sausage, but they brought me out toast anyway. I switched with my dad and ate his French Toast. Eggs were as to be expected, not much you can mess up there. Hash browns were minimal and too crispy. The sausage was a patty similar to what you'd get at McDonalds. Overall, we had 3 different breakfast items, all three weren't what you'd expect to pay for, the coffee was probably something cheap as usual, and overall the awkwardness of the place just didn't do anything for me.The one thing I did not like at all and would have to complain about though was the little girl helper. Cute, but c'mon, I don't want a kid who just stuck her hand in her mouth to then hand me my plate of food. I'm not a germ-a-fob, but c'mon!!!! The place wasn't terrible, but I'd rather drive a few miles down the road and eat at a good breakfast joint.
3	Service is very slow today. Have been sitting for 35 minutes. Had take our order as take out since we had an appointment. The Greek omelet was delicious though. Get there early to avoid the rush or give yourself plenty of time to enjoy your meal :-)
2	Checking out the other reviewers makes me think I am missing something. Twice, I've tried the salmon salad and am not keen about it. Is it simply smoked salad with ranch dressing? Really am interested in 2 cups of additional greens for the $. This salad certainly does not compete with a Wildflower or Paradise Bakery effort.However, I will try a different dish next time...
2	So this morning I came in to have some pancakes and some eggs. The pancakes were perfect as always. The eggs however were another story. I ordered soft scrambled eggs and got something that resembled an omelet. It looked exactly like the egg McDonalds serves on their breakfast sandwich. The waitress, Kimberly, seemed somewhat offended that I sent them back and asked to have the eggs removed off my ticket. She never apologized either. She just stopped by and dropped off my ticket and walked off. Rustic is better than this.
3	The food was good.  That about sums it up.  It wasn't fabulous or bad...I'll definitely be back.  I got the eggs au gratin.  they were pretty good.  I'd prob ask for more parmesan cheese next time.  The hashbrowns weren't all that great, a little starchy for my liking.  The service was super, the place was clean.  I don't have any complaints
4	We do not come here as often as we should : )Lunch after the movies.Daughter got macaroni and cheese, hubby some sort of chicken wrap, and I got the BLT with avocado. We were all very pleased : )Service was good, and my sandwich came with a cute cup of soup: Chicken stew with chipotle : )Service was good.
5	We live right up the street and instead of our usual run of the mill breakfast spot, we tried rustic. This place is amazing for families! I usually get the Denver omelette w a pancake and I cannot tell you how much I would love to be able to eat the whole thing, but there's no way-it's huge! Kids meals are $2.99, can't beat it, especially when they aren't finished half of the time! The service is pretty good, could be friendlier but they are always really fast and never make a mistake! We come back here all the time and will continue to!
4	I stop here often as its convenient for me. The staff is always very friendly and everything on the menu is priced fairly.  Quality of the food is neither fabulous or awful.   I'll be back.
5	This is a great place to eat! The service is fast and the prices are cheap. The staff is super nice and always gets your order correct. This is a quality, family-owned restaurant. Once you eat here, you will come back everyday:)
5	This was my first time in and the first thing I noticed was the excellent customer service. Ryan greeted me, gave me suggestions, brought me water even though I didn't ask and was all around pleasant. He suggested the Rustic Chicken Club and it was awesome! I'll definitely be going back.
4	Seated right away, our meals came right away. They had amazing food, the green chile benidect was perfect! Corn beef hash was different looking, but still really good. Only problem was they were a little understaffed for waiters which made refills and the check a little delayed.
3	My wife and I had breakfast there this morning and it was a mixed bag hence the 3 star review. I had the Southwestern hash and she had the country fried steak and eggs. Mine was decent, but somewhat under seasoned and the toast was burnt. Her steak was very good, but the eggs were slightly less than the over medium ordered and the hash browns were stiff and not good. Service was overall decent. Slow at times but friendly.
3	This was actually our second time here. The first time was a week day in the afternoon. We had gone in and waited to be seated, but no one ever came out to acknowledge we were there. We finally left.We decided to give them another try. This time on a Sunday when we figured they would have more staff. We got there a little past noon. There was a young lady by the door when we entered. She asked how many and led us to a table for four with two chairs. She placed the menus on the table then turned and walked away. Not a word spoken other than the cursory 'how many'. Our server came by and we asked if she could wipe off our table. It wasn't dirty from food, but there were little bits of something white. She came back with a rag and wiped what was on the table in my friend's direction. When he asked her not to do that, because it was going in his lap, she said she would get our server and disappeared. Okay, so far, not off to a good start.Our new server came by and took our drink order. The menu is fairly extensive, offering a selection of breakfast entrees, wraps, salads, burgers and even pizza. I decided on the Mediterranean Meat Salad minus the pita wedges and dressing on the side. My friend ordered the Porky Pig Burger with a side salad.While we were waiting for our food, I was looking around at things. There are two dining rooms. A main one and a smaller secondary one. We were in the smaller one. First, there isn't anything rustic about the decor. The only thing that stands out are several large displays of hair bows and dresses. They are just inside the door when you enter. It looks like items better suited for a craft fair and very out of place. Where we were sitting, the paint on the wall was peeling and it looked like a drink had spilled down the wall. The floor was also dirty. Maybe because we were near the patio, but it was a big turn off. And it was loud. There was nothing to buffer the sound.The food came out after fifteen minutes. The burger was a bit overcooked, but still very good. It came with three thick cut slices of bacon, a slice of ham and all the fixings. The Gyro Meat salad looked great and was fresh. A nice mix of romaine and other greens along with cucumber, roasted red peppers, kalamata olives, gyro meat, lemon juice and tzatzikii sauce. The tzatziki sauce was lacking in flavor. I 've had better. Feta cheese would have also added a nice 'pop' to the salad.I would give this place 2 stars based on atmosphere and service. The food a 3. For now, I'll go with 3 and will maybe give it another try at some point.
2	Haven't been here in a while due to poor service, so we thought we'd try this morning. Staff was cleaning up from a large party that had just left so our table was clean. We were the only ones in the place at the time but it still took 10 minutes to take our coffee order. We knew what we wanted and ordered right away, then waited about 40 minutes to get our food, which wasn't worth the wait. One coffee refill, lackluster service. We left and will not be back.
1	No.  Don't eat here.  Went for breakfast and it was horrible.   I got two cold rubberized scrambled eggs, served with cold hash browns also flavorless and a cold English muffin.  The cold bacon did have flavor which was a nice surprise.   The spilled coffee was warm and bland.  My husband had the huevos, they were cold and bland we left our plates nearly untouched.   OJ was not fresh.  Don't bother trying this place.  Bummer. So grossed out.  Hate to have to say that because we love to support small local businesses but these folks need to improve. Two breakfast meals two drinks just under $20 so prices are cheap but...not when you can't eat it.  We couldn't wait to get our tab so we could go grab something elsewhere.
3	I'm a bit undecided about my experience at this place. The food was not bad but I feel it to be a bit over priced for what I got. I ordered the Corn Beef Hash for breakfast. What I got was chunks of Corn Beef, very few sliced pan fry potatoes, and a whole lot of green peppers (Over kill in fact). I wanted to get my three year old French toast that was NOT on the kids menu, and was SHOCKED when told that one piece was $4.00. So I got him a pancake that was thick and sticky, (Yucky). Another thing that I found to be strange for a restaurant is that when you walk in , they have a bunch of stuff for sale. Everything in fact. Clothes, pictures, chalk boards, it's like a flea market  Floor was very dirty. After reading my own post , I don't think I would go back but this was my experience and you may want to check it out in hopes of a better one.
3	Food was good but my issue is this... I eat brunch alone. Three servers passed me by while I waited to be seated. Finally- one asked me if I was here to pick up an order. No. I'd like to eat. By yourself? Yes. By myself. I got seated and felt much of the same awkwardness from my server. Does eating alone equal less service? I hope not. There's nothing wrong with brunch alone!
4	Just visiting PHX and happened upon this place. Saw the parking lot was filled up by cars so we figured it must be decent. I had the Green chili eggs bene. With chorizo hollandaise sauce. It was really good. Service was great, portions were just right!  Great selection on the menu!
