5	Heard about this place from a friend and decided to check it out today. I've been to multiple "hand car washes" and this place delivers the all hand wash promise. There were about 4 guys washing my car the whole time! Definitely not skimping on the "hand" thing.Upon arrival, I was greeted promptly and asked if it would be an exterior or full wash. I only needed the outside cleaned so I opted for the exterior. Proceeded to hand the car over and I was directed to wait in the customer lounge. The waiting area was definitely given a lot of attention. There were comfortable leather couches, HDTV, coffee maker, fridge full of bottled water and also the two giant windows to watch your car being taken care of. When the car is finished in the washing area, they pull the car to another station to use the air compressor and blow out any excess water left in the crevices of the car. After the wash was complete an associate named Nick came into the office and rang me up. I told him about the check in offer and he accepted it. Upon receiving the car, he proceeded to do a walk around with me and encouraged nit-picking. The car came out spotless!The experience and reasonable price was definitely worth the trip. Well deserved 5 Stars!
5	Definitely the best carwash in the Las Vegas area closely located to the strip.  Traveling from California needed a carwash bad.  Windy City wash did a excellent job in getting my car hand washed inside not outdoors highly recommend them. The owner is hands on in the carwash process.
5	Best car wash I've never been to hands down. Just got my Lexus washed and I'm pretty happy about the entire experience. Waiting area was super classy, enjoyable with complimentary bottled water & coffee. Wash was meticulous, all done by hand, inside/ out & extremely reasonably priced. About the same price as one of those machine wash car washes but way better quality bc you have several workers on your vechile. I highly recommend this place.
5	This place is a little off tropicana, but totally an awesome car wash. I was the only one here on a Wednesday afternoon and so they had six people working on my car. Very clean and cool waiting room. What I liked was that they had signs for right when you drive up that said stop here, and in less than a minute there was someone with a "menu" helping me out. They were very attentive and even had chargers in the waiting room for your phone. Playing edm in the waiting room won brownie points from me! I'm def bringing my dirty car here in the future!
5	This place does a great job from high pressure air water removal to pressure washing the all-weather mats. Very well priced for the "by-hand" service. Nice clean waiting area. Owner is approachable and friendly. The staff pays close attention to the details and they take their time to do it right. Just wish I went with the full service to experience all they have to offer (waxing is by hand which takes time and I couldn't wait that long). I will definitely come here again. Thank you Windy City!
5	with all the wind and debris in Las Vegas a good doesn't last long. Glad I found Windy City. Five stars for a location, comfortable lobby, professional service and quality wash
5	Car looks better than the day i bought it!Got a full wash & wax on my K5 today. Paint looks and feels amazing, interior is super clean. Turned me into a regular for sure!Keep up the good work!
5	Just got my car hand washed. Excellent customer service and quality work! Nick was really detail-oriented and thoroughly explained their process of properly cleaning cars. I was very impressed!! You can tell he takes pride in his business. I had been yelping for decent car wash locations in Vegas but the bad reviews that I saw for other businesses made me hesitant. Good thing I found Windy City! The waiting area is modern and comfortable with free bottled water while you wait. You can also watch your car being cleaned the entire time. $25 for interior and exterior. Definitely coming back and highly recommend this shop! Only thing is that you can't tip on credit card so bring cash :)
5	You leave here with your car looking brand New. Great customer service . All around great experience . Comfortable waiting room, free Wifi. You can see your car getting washed. I love it.
5	Absolutely amazed at the great work they do here! Very thorough in what they do!! I will continue to come back here!!
5	Wohoo my first Yelp review :-)Anyway I take my cars here all the time. This hands down is the best car wash in Vegas and the price is unbeatable. Your car gets attacked by an army of hand washers using soap suds that get blown out of a tube and then your car is meticulously washed. They dry it with rags and even blow air in the unreachable areas. For my 4 door large car they only charge $25. I've had detailers charge me $200+ and the results are the same at Windy City. Sure you can go to Terribles drive thru wash for $5 and get scratches all over your car and water stains but just go spend the extra $20 at Windy City you will be amazed!They also have a nice waiting room with leather sofas and free drinks.
4	Can someone please enlighten me? I wonder if I'm spoiled, my car being cleaned a certain way. Or am I just plain picky? I'm gonna give 4 stars because I feel as they deserve it. But none the less I feel like my vehicle could have been more cleaner, interior wise. I got the Full Service, inside and out. The outside of the car was flawless. But the interior......As I was driving away I looked over and saw crumb-like material in the passenger seat and in the middle console area. Once I got home I was eager to inspect the rest of the inside. Crumbs and debris still on the floor under the seats, some sticky substance still on the sunroof liner of the car. I'm just like uhhhhhh is that still supposed to be there?? Or does the service I paid for not including those factors..... I JUST bought this car 4 days ago so I didn't cause whatever mess was present in the vehicle.I saw the reviews on Yelp and decided to give Windy City a shot. I was immediately greeted and taken great care of. Customer service is amazing. Waiting room is perfect! I WILL return but I will definitely ask more questions and request the detail that I desire on the car. In the mean time I will vacuum and scrub the remainder of the car myself.  Thank You Windy City
5	I went in because of previous reviews. They were very efficient and friendly. I paid 84 for wash inside and out, wax and pain sealer.  At the end they do a walk through so you can spot anything wrong etc. I talked to Nick mostly and he wanted to make sure everything was good and even did it himself. So I'm very happy I went there and will be going from now on.
5	This is the essence of what I've been looking for in LA, a proper car wash that pays attention to the details. Nick runs a great establishment that's welcoming and very suitable. You walk into a peaceful waiting room with comfy couches that also has huge glass pane so you can keep an eye on your baby. Wish this was in LA but I'll be bringing my car here when I visit the home away from home.
5	The most amazing car wash experience I've ever had!!! Blew me away with professional staff, waiting area and most importantly service. All for $25 you just can't match the quality!  Highly recommend!!
5	This is NOT your average car wash...this is a  classy automotive wash experience! All work is done by hand while you sit back in new leather furniture and watch. Your car is actually blow dried...not a drop on water is left on your car and that includes the door and trunk areas.  Nick (the owner) and his staff are elite and offer the car enthusiasts a thorough wash.
5	I was working in Las Vegas on a work detail and needed a place to wash my Subaru BRZ. Found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try as it was pretty close to the strip and was very reasonably priced. When I got to the car wash I was pleasantly surprised to find out that this was the only car wash in Vegas that is INDOORS. Did the $20 int and ext full service midsized car wash. Clay bar was also only $20! The price is truly unbeatable for the service you get, and the waiting room is the nicest I've experienced of any car wash I've been to.  Definitely the only place I'll be taking my car to for a car wash in Vegas.
5	Great place! They are extremely attentive to detail (down to the dog hair in the back of my SUV) and the owner and staff are very friendly. There is a great lounge area with leather couches, cold water, and coffee to enjoy while you watch your car being washed through a huge glass window. It's actually fairly entertaining, as far as car washes go. I highly recommend Windy City and will definitely be back. It made the task of getting my car washed not so unsavory.
5	I have used Yelp for years to find what I need, and have never created an account, until today. I needed to make sure that Windy City gets their due. I read the reviews here, and decided to give them a shot, especially since the prices seemed reasonable, and I'm a little nutty about my car. What I experienced was the best car wash I've ever had. I rolled up on a Saturday afternoon, having just gotten back from a 1500 mile drive up the coast and back. Needless to say, my car was a special kind of filthy. I sat in the immaculate waiting area, and watched as they spent over an hour making sure that every inch of my car was clean. They did a FANTASTIC job! The inside of my car looks better than it has in years (almost as good as the day I bought it). I've never seen a car wash crew take this much pride in a job. I would have personally not done this good. The outside looks great as well, and as soon as I get the time, I'll be taking it back to them to wax and clay-bar too. Seriously, go now, before everyone in Vegas figures out what an incredible value this amazing service is.
5	Just like everyone else and their mom stated.  Absolutely fabulous.  Beautiful waiting area that's better than most airport lounges.  Attention to detail with even the basic hand wash.  Definitely coming back when in Vegas.
5	Great place with outstanding customer service. But most of all the job they do is fantastic. I had my wife's RX350 washed, interior cleaned and exterior waxed.  All this work was done by hand.  They did such a good job that I had my Lexus washed inside and out.  If you looking for a car wash business that does a great job at a reasonable price you should visit Windy City Wash and Wax.
5	How is it I've never heard of this place and it's right behind where I live!?This place is amazing. First of all, they HAND WASH your car and they do it INSIDE. I'm literally sitting in a beautifully air conditioned waiting room while I watch them meticulously detail my truck.Do not go anywhere else. Nick and his crew will take great care of you and your vehicle. I'd give them 10 stars if I could.
5	Very friendly staff and their attention to detail is just amazingggg !! I would definitely come here whenever I am in the city.
5	This place is the coolest car wash and detail place I have ever visited. Super staff and very affordable prices. Nice, clean lobby and the owner is hands on and eager to please. I will not take my ride anywhere else in Las Vegas.
5	These guys are AWESOME! This is the place to get your car wash especially for those who have cars with newer paint jobs. They do an absolutely excellent job inside and out all without scratching the car like all other car wash places do. Definitely give these guys a visit. You won't regret it. The end result for my car looked like a $500 detail for ONLY $25!!!! Customer service was on point  10 out 10 stars! I'm very good at spotting legitimately humble, hard working people. The owner (I forgot his name) is a true example of that. Will definitely be coming back more often.
5	Amazing attention to detail.   You definitely see they pay attention to what they are doing.
5	Hands down, this is the BEST place I have ever been too. This is the new standard of car washing. It's all 100% hand cleaned, not a single machine. As I sit here in the waiting room, the employees are wearing gloves to not smudge or leave a print on my car. The prices are more than reasonable, I'm paying $25 for a showroom wash. The waiting room is like a lounge. Not a plastic chair under an umbrella outside. Be sure to read "the story of Windy City wash & wax" After reading that, you know that this owner gets "it". They have a customer for life!! A++++
5	The best place you can take your car for a good wash/detail. These guys would go above and beyond to make you happy. Attention to detail is second to none.
5	The best car wash EVER!  When they say hand wash, it is hand wash.  No machines!!!  I spoke to the owner.  Very nice guy.  I told him this place will see me again and again.  Comfortable waiting area with wifi, flat screen and charging ports.  Prices are great.  Be sure to check in on Yelp when you get there for $2 off.
5	Ok I'm here now watching them, I came here because of the reviews and I live in Henderson.  Everything they describe in the cleaning process is spot on. Just purchased the vehicle a few weeks ago, wanted to get a good wash and wax on her. Staff is great and VERY EFFICIENT.  Great attention to detail, waiting room is nice and comfortable you can watch to process thru the enormous windows that looks into the work area. My car is also getting waxed and they pull it into a paint booth to create optimal temperature to dry faster. Who does that????? I'm sold on this place, they have set the bar high guess I have to drive here now!!! Damn you Windy City. Got a truck and a Harley for you also!
5	Just had my Audi cleaned here. In SoCal this was easily a $50 wash and clean. The amount of detail these guys went to in cleaning this car was phenomenal. SoCal car washes need to come and watch these guys work. All this for $25. I am so impressed. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
5	best place to take your car/truck to get wash..the guys give extra attention to it and focus on little details...comfortable waiting area and you can see your it getting wash
5	The only place to get your car washed!  Nick and his crew are amazing...just as your car will look after they have washed or detailed it!
5	First off, this is not a car wash..it is a car experience for both you and your car!Never have I seen such care go into a car cleaning. It appeared the car was doubled washed, even the gas door and cap were washed and dried. This wasn't a special wash but the standard care every car received. Don't be in a hurry, or bring the soccer team with you. It isn't that kind of place.  I'm sure the employees wouldn't mind but the Client's in the leather covered couches waiting for there cars might. Now, let's talk price, they probably spent 40 minutes with my car. Two to 4 people working on my mid sized car at all times. The price $20.00! I don't think they charged enough...Plus, check in on Yelp during your stay and get $2.00 off. Can you say BARGIN :-)My car wasn't this clean when it was picked up at the dealer.
5	I recently moved to the land of express car washes on every corner, and found that I couldn't get a good car wash for the buck in Vegas.  Then I discovered Windy City Wash and Wax.  Yes, there is something to be said about the quick turnaround of an express wash, but if you have 45 minutes to spare, this place is absolutely worth the time, and the price is most certainly right! I took my truck in on a Saturday morning and within 45 minutes they had given it the best wash (by hand) it has ever seen, and an extremely thorough inside cleaning for $30.  The attention to detail was also impressive as they took an air hose through every single crevice of the exterior followed by a towel to ensure all water was dried.  I immediately went and picked up my fiancee's car to have it done, and will continue to use their services for my washing needs, and look forward to trying their clay & wax services.  Nick and crew run a great business!
5	Awesome car wash! Not anymore expensive than any other car wash and its actually a HAND CAR WASH! Not like all the other bull crap car washes around town that say hand car wash and actually mean hand dry... Lame. I drive 25 mins out of the way to get to this place because its worth it and they make it look new again every time!
5	Talk about top notch professionals! These guys have it figured out. They treated my car like it was a Rolls Royce (it's not) and provided me with a VIP service from start to finish. This is the way business should be conducted. No doubt that I will return. Hats off to you gentlemen!-Average Joe
5	This place is awesome!  If you have found Windy City Wax & Wash you have found THE car wash of Vegas.  At all times there is usually 2-3 people working on your car from washing and scrubbing to vacuuming & drying.  There are no machines they put your car through like most "hand wash" places in Vegas.  You really feel the care & detail from the owner and that reflects in his employees and the facility.  All of this translates into a carwash you felt good paying for.  Come here and you will not regret it.
5	Nicest car wash I've been to. A little on the pricier side, but it's got a nice waiting area and the guys are meticulous with your car.
5	Great service.
5	This is the most professional and best car wash I have ever seen!  In fact I have never seen a setup like this. I drove into town from Los Angeles for the weekend (17 Jul 24). My car picked up some dust and a little tar around the fender and this irked me. I went to my trusty Yelp App and found this place. There was several hand car wash facilities closer but this guy had 35 reviews and all were 5s. I couldn't pass that up.The cost of cleaning my car inside and out was $25. When they finished my Corvette looked like it received a $400 detail. I'm lost for words. We need something like this in LA!  The owner was super personable and he and a detailed walked with me around the car to ensure I was completely satisfied. Whenever I'm in town they will wash my rides.
5	this is by far the best hand car wash in Las Vegas hands down. The service the staff and nick the owner are 5 star 5 diamond service.
5	Was looking for a good hand wash place. Found this location on yelp and am extremely happy about the decision to come. Top notch service is superb. The waiting area is clean and well designed allowing you to watch your vehicle. There's also free water bottles while you wait. The car was cleaned in every area you could think of from the door trimmings to the inside of the trunk. I got the full service package for $25 and it was well worth it. They even cleaned in between the front grill of my car.  No spots or stains to complain of but if there were they ask you to look over the car and point out any concerns and they clean it all over again. Great job guys!!!!!
5	I've been looking for a great carwash here in Las Vegas ever since moving from LA 6 months ago. So-called "hand" car wash places I've found so far are no more than a quick rub on your exterior followed by a push through those god aweful automated machines that leave a semi-ok wash. This place on the other hand is amazing, when they say 100% hand they mean 100% HAND, no machines, no mass produced quick pushthrough get 'em in and get 'em out service here. True professionals. And your car comes out super clean and nearly showroom quality. It may be a bit of a trek to get to, but considering the reasonable price you pay for such quality work it's worth the extra drive to get here and check them out.
5	Just had my first car wash at this place. They were extremely meticulous with their cleaning. It will never compare to any express car wash what so ever. I was so impressed with their work, level of professionalism and friendliness.  Their waiting room was comfortable and you are able to watch your car from start to finish. I will definitely be back.
5	Although it took them 2 hours and 30 minutes to finally get to my lovely car, I LOVED every second of coming here, their customer service was absolutely the best, and how they treat every single car as if it's their own! I'm definitely coming back to them from now on! Thank you guys!! :)
5	This place is awesome.  Best car wash I have ever been to.  The only draw back is it takes at least an hr, but they do such a thorough job how can you be mad.  They wash your car indoors.
5	I have watched them in action with a friend's car so I decided I wanted to try them. This location is top notch. I got the full service because my car was in dire need of vacuuming inside. They took my car in and I was able to watch everything from the indoor lounge. They have couches and TVs with the news,water/coffee, and free wifi. You can also ask for a phone charger to borrow while you wait. They took their time to clean and wash my car. I can tell that they pay attention to all the details because they really got in all the little crevices. They asked if I wanted an air freshened and tire dressing which I agreed to both. At the end they ask that you make sure that everything is up to your standards before leaving. Everyone was extremely professional and friendly! I would highly recommend this place. They are all hard working staff. They also pool their tip so no one individual gets more than the other. I will definitely be there again!
5	Fantastic service and product.  The guys take pride in their work and it clearly shows.  I live in Henderson but will make the drive cause it's worth it.  Haven't tried the detail services but will be doing that soon. Keep up the great work and open a spot in Henderson soon!!!
5	Today was my first visit to Wind City. My car front was completely covered with these little beige flying bugs, you couldn't even see the white paint. They did a superb  job of cleaning my Chrysler 300. This is now my new favorite car wash
5	Windy City does a good job and I will frequent them again in the future. The waiting room is dimly lit with plenty of seating and giant windows to watch your car getting cleaned. They seemed to put a lot of detail into every car. I was particularly impressed by my windshield being spotless after the full service wash, as it was extremely dirty after a long road trip. The tip jar is located by where you pay, similar to a mailbox. I thought this was a clever idea. On a busy Tuesday morning I spent about 40 minutes total there, but my car was being tended to the entire time. The price point is exceptional as well, as similar car wash places easily charge at least $10 more for the same or lesser work. I plan on coming back monthly. The owner, Nick, is also very accommodating and puts his guest's needs as his first priority!
5	This place is classy, fresh and clean and that is exactly how they leave your car as well. It does take a little longer than the turn and burn car washes but it is worth the wait. The greatest thing about this place is that they cost the same price as the other places when they could be charging more.
5	This place is fantastic. I was looking for a hand car wash close to work since I'd rather wipe my rear with a porcupine then let an automatic car wash touch my baby. I must say, they were great. Fast and thorough. Facility was awesome. It's really cool to be able to see the progression of your vehicle through a glass wall. Price was great too. Will be back.
5	Best car wash I've ever been to in my life, great service, great place to hang while your car gets cleaned. Great owner !
5	My car looks great!!!!
5	No questions ask this place is the best in town! My experience with them is always superb. I been here twice and they are always doing their best. Right when you pull up they approach you with kindness and always the vibe of being interested to wash your car. They ask what you want to do with your car then they do they're magic. While you sit in the comfortable and nice waiting room, you get to see them detail your car. Honestly I recommend this place if you want your car clean and detailed inside and out. Specially the price is really cheap. Other places cost hundreds or just expensive. But this place is great and they always put a 100% percent on cleaning!
5	Top Notch Hand Wash Period!!!! This place was much needed here in Vegas! It is worth the wait! The price is awesome for what you get as well! Decide for yourself but you won't be disappointed!
5	Excellent wash for the price. I normally would never get a CW in Vegas because I come here from California, do my work and leave. Why wash a car when you're just driving through the desert? But tomorrow driving some clients, so had to get a wash. Found them on Yelp and there was a $2 off deal. Normal price was $25 and wash ended up being $23....same as I pay at home. However this wash was WAAAAAYYYY better! It took a little longer than normal, but this is probably the cleanest my car has been in years! It was like a quickie detail. Cool waiting room too, with comfortable couches, a TV, free coffee and bottled water, etc. Love the huge glass wall where you can watch them work on your car. Friendly staff too. First time visiting them and I give them 5 stars. Will definitely come back.
5	If you want to see an American success story in progress, stop and take a look.Nick made me get off my rear end and join yelp! My first review. 5 STARS!
1	I don't know if I caught them on a bad day but my first experience here was awful. First of all, I call the place to schedule an appointment to get my car washed. Nobody answered, so I left a voicemail. By the time I got a reply that day it was 7pm! Way late. The guy who called left a voicemail saying I would not need an appointment and to just walk in. So a few days later I came in around 7:30am. As far as customers go, I didn't see any. So they took me right away, and I chose to get a full clean inside and out with the clay bar. They told me I would need an appointment for that. Really?? After they told me I wouldn't need an appointment?? And I was the only customer there...but okay, whatever. I brushed that off and just got the full clean. When my car was ready it looked like I just went through a drive through car wash. My boyfriend told me that he heard one of the guys whisper to their coworker to "get that spot" literally as I'm walking to see my car. And even when I saw my car there was clearly so much more that they should have cleaned. I even pointed it out to them, like seriously, minor things that if I just wipe a towel over it would be cleaned. So why didn't they take the time to do that?? And from the look on their faces they knew they messed up. And the guy kept making excuses for it not being cleaned. I paid and tipped, but I definitely will not be coming here again. I went to a different car wash place and for $45 did a full wax inside and out, cleaned amazingly and this dude had a broken finger. So why didn't the 5-7 people that cleaned my car at Windy City have done better? The guy at EcoWash got a lot of the grit the guys at Windy City said would cost $200 to clean. And the dude at Eco did it for FREE because he wanted to make a good first impression, now that's customer service. Sorry Windy, but you guys missed the mark that day for me. Sucks cause I was super excited to get my car washed from you guys.
5	Read every other review. The only real car wash. The waiting area is plush and comfortable. The staff is courteous and attentive. This place is amazing.
5	This is the only car wash you'll ever want or need to go to. I took my car in and they cleaned the exterior to perfection, but on the way home I noticed some streaks on the windshield so I called them, and they asked me to bring it back that day, but I had to be elsewhere so I brought it back the next morning and they re washed it, went over everything meticulously and cleaned it so well my car wound up looking better than when I bought it. They also didn't charge me a dime to rewash my entire car over a few streaks on the windshield. No other car wash provides this level of service, no other car wash is a true hand wash like this, and no other car wash I've been to in any city or state even comes close. I recommend it to everyone I know and as long as they're around and I own a car I will never go anywhere else.
5	A little longer then your usual car wash. This however isn't your normal car wash. Great attention to detail and it's defiantly a quality wash and it shows. I run a detail bay in Utah so I feel I know what a great Carwash is capable of and these guys and gal are more then capable. Loved it thanks for making my car look like new again from the road trip.
5	This is my second visit to the Windy City wax and I must admit they definitely do a fine job the next perfect service I left my car there today while I worked and came to pick it up and I could see it shining from a mile away they also make sure to get anything specific that you may bring to there attention . 5 star service every step of the way.
5	Finally!! A true hand carwash in Las Vegas.  I visited this establishment yesterday and was pleasantly pleased. I have been here for one year, searching the entire valley for a carwash that does things with the quality and care of my hometown of Chicago.  I now have a new "must" go to home to clean my cars the way I like.  Windy City Wash and Wax has very reasonable prices, outstanding workmanship, and extremely good customer service.  My car has not looked this good in a year! So if you are tired of your cars being beat up by mechanical brushes and leaving swirl marks in your paint, visit WCW&W. They know how to clean cars!Pros:True hand washingAll crevices and places where water "hides" is blown with a blower and won't leave water marksGreat waiting areaNo extra charge for using a credit cardRelatively fast for personal serviceGreat pricesAll swirl marks removedCons:None...only a membership or frequent wash club would be nice for a free or discounted wash.
5	Today was my 1st visit to Windy city... THIS IS THE BEST CAR WASH IN THE CITY.. they only charge $25 for a full size car, it's just amazing.
5	Just brought our truck in there this morning. We just bought the truck, and the dealer had cleaned at it, but I wanted it really cleaned and I wanted a good wax job. WCWW did an awesome job. Not only could you see the difference, you could feel the difference when you touched the paint.  First the large comfortable air conditioned waiting room, sit in one of the four couches or in the row of four chairs.  Watch the Large big screen TV, or enjoy the free wifi ( password is on the paper attached to the glass wall) and enjoy a cold drink, all while you watch them scrub and polish your car/truck/jeep/bike, and probably boat if you want. There is enough room in their bay for them to work on 7 vehicles comfortably, two wash and scrub stations, two interior cleaning stations, one drying station, one waxing booth( looked like a paint booth to keep the wax perfect), then a final prep space before they taken it outside and spot check it once again.Originally I wanted the works, wash, clay bar, paint sealer, and wax. After looking my truck over, the guy who seemed to be running the place told me a I really didn't need the clay bar yet. He said they could do it and it would be another hour and a half of the waiting, but the paint on my truck didn't need it and it would be a waist of my time and money. So we just did the wash and wax for today. I still wasn't disappointed, truck looks better than it did the day we bought it.
5	Their prices are fantastic for what you get. Their best package is almost detail level quality at half the price (definitely not a full detail, but for a price to product ratio I think it definitely exceeds a detail in value). I drive a new car (non high end/luxury/exotic, just a nicer Ford) and take it through the automatic car wash once a month, but I think I will start coming here once or twice a year to do an in depth clean. Staff was professional, friendly, and finished quicker than their initial time estimate. The waiting area was comfortable, there's extremely large windows looking in to the cleaning area, and WiFi is always a nice touch. The only complaint was that they were blasting some dubstep in the waiting area at 8am, and I don't think anyone needs that in their life. Great experience, great service, great product. I don't always get a high end car wash, but when I do, I prefer Windy City.
5	Luxury carwash for an affordable price.Location: Can't really miss it, their reputation precedes themselves, if you come on a weekend just look for a line of cars and a warehouse. Vibe & layout: A super modern and chill place. The waiting room is also loaded with some free water, USB outlets, plugs, and free wi-fi. They also have a see through window so you can see exactly what they're doing to your car. Definitely a place for comfort. Customer service & Wash: Right when you pull up you can tell how much they actually care about washing. They are really GENUINE. Super easy process just pull up, pick a car wash you would like, and hand over the keys. After they're done, you come out and inspect the car. I've never had any problems with this place and have always left feeling one hunna :DBring your laptop to kill time, they have free wi-fi after all :)
3	My second time experience is not as great as the first time. I visited this store yesterday which it is my second visit. I expected the same experience as the first time. I was disappointed. They didn't dry the side view mirrors and door edge completely. Created large water mark after driving on the freeway.The store is excellent when the owner is working. If you don't see the owner in the store, I don't recommend this place.
1	Well, I can't testify as to the quality of the carwash since they decided that they didn't want my business.  You see, I have a 9 lb. dog who is hypoallergenic (doesn't shed, no undercoat.)  I bring her with me everywhere.  And I do mean everywhere.  She goes to the grocery store, the post office, the bank, the UPS store, restaurants, the movies, on airplanes etc.  The places where dogs are not allowed, I just put her in her carrier and throw it over my shoulder where it looks just like a purse.  It never occurred to me that a carwash would have a problem with a small dog - otherwise, she would have been in the carrier and they would never have known the difference.  And yes, she is an ESA - but unfortunately the laws don't allow ESAs to go everywhere.  That doesn't change my need for her.  The people at this carwash were insistent that they couldn't allow a dog because other customers might be allergic.  I am not stupid.  I could walk in there with a peanut butter sandwich and someone might be allergic to peanuts.  The chance of someone being allergic to my dog is so tiny that it is absolutely ridiculous to even consider it.  As I said earlier, I have brought her to countless locations, encountering thousands of people over her 11 years of life, and never once has anyone ever even sneezed or sniffled around her.  Never.  But here is the thing.  If a business owner doesn't want dogs on their premises, just be honest.  Tell the truth.  You don't want a dog there.  You don't like dogs.  Not everyone does.  But don't pass off some ridiculous lie about possible allergies.  And finally, ironically, I just moved to Las Vegas from Chicago, the windy city, where I lived for over 20 years.  I got my car washed almost weekly at various places.  And I brought this dog to every carwash for her entire life.  No one in the WINDY CiTY ever even said a peep to me about her - other than to comment on how cute she was.  So just change your name to "no dogs allowed" carwash and don't sully the windy city name, and we will be all set.  The end.
5	These guys are awesome. I was researching online to find a good hand car wash since I just moved to the area. They had really good reviews, so I came in. The waiting room is awesome and the staff is super friendly. Pricing is amazing for what they do to your car. This is my new spot!
5	These guys are very professional. Beautiful building, great staff. If you in need of a car wash or a detail no matter what kind of car you have this is the place to come. They pay a great amount of attention to your car and your personal needs. Love it!!
5	Excellent attention to detail.
5	Tried to wash my car all by myself and it was a major fail! My car looked just as dirty as it was before the drive thru wash. This was the closest place to me that was open so late and omg I love it! Hand wash sparkling clean luxury waiting area and I got to watch 5 people cleaning my car at once. Everyone was super nice and my little yaris has never had so much love. Thanks for being awesome guys!
5	This place is the best. I was nervous when I pulled up with my little beloved Fiat since there were 2 Maseratis getting washed. They treated my little car like it was just as valuable as the others. And treated me very nicely too. My car had been broken into a few days before and the jagoff(s) who did it left fingerprints on the inside of my window. Metro dusted and lifted prints (shocking, but true! I was insistent!) but the dust was left behind so I needed that cleaned up. My car is back to its old self. Only $15 for inside and outside, but price is based on car size. If you leave this place with something not to your liking, it's your fault. They stand there ready to help while you give it a walk around. I will be back for a wax soon and I won't ever go to another car wash.
5	Seriously, can I give this place 10 stars? They were a little backed up due to being short-staffed but still, well worth the wait. We'd just taken our vehicle on a cross-county road trip so there was a significant accumulation of bugs, dirt and other assorted things. Also since we were travelling with our two dogs, hairs and nose prints were found throughout the inside, Upon inspection after the wash was done, the vehicle was cleaner than it was the day we bought it. Thanks again Nick, you and your awesome crew have earned my business for sure!!!
5	Very clean, comfortable place to wait while cars being washed! Very professional services. Price was average, but this place is different in the way they care for your comfort while yiu wait and still get the job done.
5	Extremely nice car wash! Very detailed and staff is super nice! There's a place where you can sit down and see how they clean the cars! Must go to! Highly recommend! I always go here for my car washes!
5	Ok this place has a five star rating for a reason.  Full hand wash, not the "hand wash" as is driven thru a machine and dried with hands.  Everything is also dried with microfiber,  they even have little air pressure hose things to blast out air in the nooks and crannies. The lounge is nice with a big viewing window, nice comfy couches, water and a keurig machine.  This is the only place Ill ever go! Fab fredies has nothing on this place!
5	There is a lot of credit due to Windy City Car Wash - all because Nick will make his customers happy.I can't say I'm here often. I wash my car at home and detail it myself. However, there was a time I needed a car polished. It was white so the swirl marks and overall poor condition of the paint was difficult to detect. Nick polished the car, gave it back, but I wasn't happy with the results. I told him most of the swirl marks in the paint were still present. "Bring it back!" he said.When I picked it up, he showed me how many polishing pads he went through. Personally did the work himself. It looked much better. Not perfect, but the sheer amount of time invested in just earning my business was stunning.You've earned my business. That is customer service.From a simple hand wash to quality polishing, I wouldn't hesitate to come to Windy City. As long as Nick is in charge, he'll make sure you're happy.
5	Nick and the guys at Windy City always excellent care of our car. They always get the little details. No one in town compares. Everyone in Vegas check them out.
1	Disappointing first and last visit.  Went in for a full service car wash for a compact 2 door vehicle.  Was charged for a full size wash, received no tire dressing, windows were still dirty, and spots on the car were still dirty.  Where was the service other customers that raved received?  This place is a joke, save your money and do it better yourself.
5	Hands down the BEST CAR WASH I have ever had, especially for the price. These guys pay attention to every single detail. I just had my first wash there; bringing my other car tomorrow. Windy City has earned a customer for life and I urge you to go here. The lounge is awesome, the employees friendly, and the car comes out like fresh off the dealer showroom floor.
5	Two type of services they offer... Full service (interior and exterior) and exterior washing.  First visit and impress with service. Car is extremely clean with a extra fee to clean bugs out for $5.00 which is fine with me.. Will definitely come back to get my car clean again.. Thanks guys for the awesome job..
5	Still the best place to get your car washed, people are friendly and the prices can't be beat. The waiting area is always clean and the service is top notch. The only bad part is the distance but considering its in the middle of everything doesn't make it too long of a drive. But for such a good product it's worth the gas in the end. In my opinion..... Absolute best hand wash in the Las Vegas area.
5	This is my third visit here for the Full Service wash. I can't believe how much better they do than everywhere else in town. It's almost like getting my car detailed but for a "wash" price. Today they asked me if they could take the kids car seats out and clean them! They even washed inside the gas cap area. I drive way out of my way to get service here. They have early hours which works well for me. Bonus: Free bottled water and Keurig coffee in waiting area.
5	Top shelf cleaning and service! They cleaned my 2014 RAM 1500 Laramie after two months of hunting season travels through snow, ice, salt and off road hunting.  Amazing it looks like a new truck again.  Great job and highly recommended for luxury cars and any car that matters to you!
5	Thanks to all the great yelp reviews I drove all the way down to Windy City to get my car washed. I came to the realization that I found my regular go to car wash !! I got lucky my wait time wasn't as long as it might have been, After me a line began to form. Regardless the wait is well worth it because you'll find that you have no complaints. After your car is washed you will have the opportunity to point out anything they might have missed. They'll take care of it and you'll be good to go.
5	Perfect!  My car looked better than the day I bought it and I bought it new.  I had a stain on the seat from a red sharpie from a valet and Windy City Wash was able to get out almost all of it.  I was so excited.  Thank you!  Loved everything, worth every single penny.  Amazing!
5	We just took our first road trip from Dana Point to Vegas with our new Tesla and arrived with a dirty car. We looked at the review for Windy City Wash and Wax on Yelp and decided to check them out. It was obvious from looking at all the high-end cars being detailed that we had found the correct place. The crew was very efficient and we were very pleased with their attention to detail. We met the owner, Nick, and he  has created a great concept for a car wash. We were surprised at the cost and felt it was a real bargain for the terrific job they did. Almost makes us want to drive to Vegas to have the car cleaned and told Nick he should think of opening a facility in South Orange County.  He said it is one of his goals, along with a few more facilities in the Vegas area. We wish him great success!
