3	Family owned thai restaurants are incredibly consistent.  I have yet to have a bad Curry, Pad Thai, or Stay.  It is always very vibrant and flavorful.  Thai Spices carries on that tradition of consistency as everything was good and to our expectations.  Nothing more, nothing less. The location is diverse and clean.  While it had the customary pictures of Thai royalty on the wall, the decor was decidedly different and contemporary urban. All in all a good spot.  A solid candidate for the best thai in Mesa.
3	Go here for the atmosphere, not so much the flavor. I've ordered take-out twice from here and both times my palette was left wanting more. I indicated that I'd like my mouth left ablaze with each order, only to be left with mild, bland pad Thai noodles.That's not to say this place isn't worth visiting. I am a spicy food FANATIC. For those of you with any aversion to spice, you will love this place. The restaurant itself is also just adorable. Muted red walls and funky modern touches make this little joint perfect for date night.
4	My friend and I needed Thai food close to the movie theater, so we found Thai Spices. We didn't really have any expectations, but were so satisfied afterward. Happy hour appetizers are great. We only tried the spring rolls and crab puffs but after a few bites, we immediately ordered another order of each. The crab puffs have ACTUAL FLAVOR rather than just cream cheese! I'd become so accustomed to cream cheese puffs that when they actually tasted a little bit spicy, I didn't know what to think! And an order (of each) was only $1.50 for two! [happiness]I was in the mood for curry, so the waitress recommended the green curry with tofu and vegetables. I ordered it medium spicy, and it might have been a touch too spicy for me. I'll order mild next time, but I might have been feeling wimpy tonight. My friend ordered the pad thai and commented about how it was sweeter than other Thai places (and he liked it that way). He's a southern gentleman, so he enjoys his food a little sweet.The waitress was so cute and friendly. She was surprised when we ordered the second round of appetizers but obliged us anyway. (When two hungry 'rotund' people want more appetizers, you bring it to them!) Our glasses of iced green tea were always kept full, and the food was out quickly. I'd strongly recommend Thai Spices to anyone looking for good Thai food in Mesa.
3	I believe this place was fairly new.  I had the Yum Tom, Pad Thai Shrimp and an ice coffee.  The food was good and the service was fine.  The place was completely empty at 6 however this may be due to the liquor license pending at that time.
4	I had my heart set on Thai food when I hit this place up.  I was running errands with my girlfriend and we stopped at the Asian market to see what we could eat.  This is how I met Thai Spices.I could go on about this and that and the lovely decor or how quiet it was or how attentive my waiter was.  I honestly don't give a shit.  I could have been eating in waist-deep water with an alligator feet away from me and my review and star rating would remain the exact same.The BBQ pork that I ordered was the best pork I've ever had in my life.  The salad... eh, looks like it came from a bag and was presented in a darling fashion.  The Thai Tea was awesome (as always)... but, man, that pork.  It was so tender and juicy.  I've memorized its taste and I'm going to recreate it one day.  It may take me a while, but I'm doing it.If my waiter had told me I was worthless, an accident, slapped me with a newspaper and then spit in my water, I'd STILL give this place four stars.
2	One word that describes Thai Spices is "meh".  Located in MeKong Plaza, it took over the old BoCa 7 space.  When walking in the place, you'll notice its nice decor.  alas, it was left behind by the previous tenant (yes that is real gold wall paper fyi).  The place was quiet for a Friday night and we came there for my bday.  Apparently happy hour is extended till 7:30pm but its not stated or noted anywhere.  Since we had a big party, we ordered a multiple of their appetizers.  The most notable ones are surprisingly not thai related.  The crab puffs were very unique and good as well as the calamari rings.  Who would of thought the secret sause (thousand island) would make a diffrence.  After that, everything pretty much went down hill from there.  The thai dishes were not very good.  We had the pad thai, a little on the sweet side, plus the portions are a little small.  Also the green curry was salty, i have a very salty palate, but even this was more than my liking.  But it was good though, good with rice that is.  Also even though we got it "mild" it still had a healthy kick of spices.  The Thai fried rice was also mediocre and a lil on the oily side.  The Tom Yum soup was good.  Again nothing special but atleast it didnt taste off.  Again this was a lil on the salty side too.  The only notable dish that we had was the Papaiya salad with salted crab.  That has a unique after taste.  So in review, if you were at MeKong Plaza and had a craving for Thai food, then lucky you.  But its not a place you'd actually actively seek out if you werent literally already there.  Pros:-happy hour specials daily 4 to 7:30Pm (supposedly)-great happy hour specials that are actually delish!- great decor hahahhaCons:- food is sub par- thai specialties are sub par- thai tea wasnt a home run.- prices are not reflective of the quality and quantity.
4	I want to put 3.5 but I settled  for four stars (I'm kind of a fan) (note: i haven't ate a ton of Thai foods)I would never go out of my way to eat at this place, but I've been here a few times.  Granted I'm not a connoisseur or a frequent eater of Thai food, I do like this place. The food is quite yummy, it has yumminess, but it won't have you craving it.  The presentation is truly beautiful.  One other thing my family and friends really like about this place is the humongous servings.  None of us, could clear the table.  Usually I can eat my portion, my neighbors and help one more person, but I could barely finish my own; the extra spicy that I ordered helped me eat all my rice though :). I think of one my favorite things about this place is also the friendly service.  Of the three visits, the service has always been courteous, smiling, and very friendly/helpful. I would suggest this place if you happen to be in the neighborhood or within 10 minutes driving.What I had the last time I was there:Green CurryChicken CurrySome Kind of Noodle dish :)
5	One word to describe your review on Thai Spices: Waaah!This place is doing it. We haven't found a more tasty Thai place in the Phoenix area. The ribs, BBQ chicken, papaya salad, their curry, egg rolls, crab puffs--all bomb. And they have Phuket beer, which is always satisfying.
4	Limited Menu but has all the standards. Nothing unique or extraordinary. They have Lunch specials on weekdays from 11-3pm. I had the Pad Thai and it was very good. The noodles were good consistency and the flavors were right on. I especially like that they top it off with a lot of peanuts. yumm! The lunch portion was perfect and satisfying. It also comes with a choice of a veggie roll (vegetable eggroll) or crab puffs. I got the veggie roll and it was decent.Good value. Tasty. Will go there again.
5	Can I get a wha what?  This place ROCKS!  I like Thai food and eat alot of them but this one really is awesome.  I have my favorite foods that gives me an idea on how good a place is by ordering those my first time in a place.Chicken and eggplant is fantastic.  Their sauces are really well seasoned and has lots of depth.  Pad Thai is always great.  Service is amazing but food really is awesome.  Chicken satay is fantastic with the peanut butter sauce which is mixed just right with other spices.  Yummo!Check it out!  I seem to find myself there almost every week.  :-)
4	After giving this place a few more chances, I've come to discover their yellow curry to be PHENOMENAL! They also have a special pumpkin curry sometimes which is amazing as well. Definitely worth the trip for the curry alone. YUM.
4	We heard they were having a special on "boat noodles" for five dollars a bowl so we stopped in to try them.  They were absolutely perfect.  We had the beef noodles, with generous chunks of beef and beef meatballs in a dark rich broth.  They are called boat noodles because, traditionally, this type of noodle was served on the river from a seller in a boat.  In Bangkok, these are usually very small bowls.  Here, they are American sized and a bowl is a good lunch or a light meal.A simple thing, done perfectly.  And at five bucks, quite the bargain.  We'll go back for dinner some other time.This restaurant is a bit nicer than the average Thai restaurant in terms of ambiance and the service was rapid, quick and bilingual.
3	This place has really great service, the servers are all really polite and helpful when it comes to accommodations and plate suggestions. They also have a self serve soup table, I think I had some kind of hot and sour egg drop with corn soup that was really delicious. They also provide little fried wonton chips to go with it and made it taste spectacular! I had the stirfry eggplant lunch special with fried tofu. I guess my food was good, but a little too spicy for my "mild" request. My mouth felt like it was on fire, I think maybe they made it hot? The rice was also a little soggy. However the eggplant was cooked really well. The pad thai was also very good and the portions are great for $6 specials. I liked the veggie egg rolls a lot, they were really tastyAnd kudos to our server for letting me watch the nhl playoffs instead of the lifetime movie they had on tv. She was really nice about it!
3	It really depends on what you order here. This place is open late so we decided to try it out. They have a $5 menu all day as well, which could be a make it or break it deal to come back. Nice, relaxing place to chill and the service is good.1) $5 Papaya salad with crab. HECK TO THE NO!!! It was overly salty, fishy smelling/tasting, with old dead crab shells. I thought it'd be at least some imitation crab, but no. It was nasty crab legs soaked in with the vinegar. The papaya was way too sour and salty to enjoy.2) $5 Chicken and noodles. It sounded just meh, but it was actually really good with lots of chicken (surprisingly) and other veggies like mushrooms, bamboo, onions etc. They gave really little angel hair pasta but the flavor of spices was really good. Decent in terms of legit pasta (rather get it from a Chinese restaurant).3) **GREEN CURRY. The curry was really good here. It was the right balance of sweet and salty. They gave lots of veggies and meat in their curry as well. We ordered beef, which unfortunately was a little chewy.All in all, a decent meal...great when you are starving and craving something with flavor.Thai only spiced me up to 3 stars.
4	Pad See Ew!  It's what I always order or the Dragon Noodles if they serve it.  Wow me with the Pad See Ew and it's all good.  How's this place do, well I was wow'd and in sweatin' -- fire breathe!  I generally gage a Thai place by how well their fried noodles taste.  Kudos -- however, I can't say the same for the appetizers.  Fried Tofu need more crunch!  Our service was excellent and don't "Phuket" the beer :)  Great HH prices on the drinks. I like the ambience, but I wish Thai restaurants would get more creative with their design.  I know it's a Thai restaurant when I see one. - Enjoy!
5	My husband and I LOVE this place. Amazing quality Thai food that never disappoints us. The employees are always so friendly and accommodating. Good prices, and a lunch/dinner punch card. After 9 meals, you get the 10th for free. Yes please :)
2	This restaurant has an overall comfortable atmosphere and the servers are gracious and attentive.  The Thai iced tea and iced coffee were delicious, as was a starter of cucumber salad. The main part of the meal my friend and I had was far from memorable, though. The appetizer sampler had very dry coconut shrimp, overly fried (almost burnt) crab puffs, dry sweet potato fries, though the veggie rolls were OK; the chicken satay was also OK, although the peanut sauce lacked garlic flavor and had an overly homogenous texture. The pad thai was subpar and had a slight off aroma; after eating some of it, I had to stop because the experience was unpleasurable. We mentioned these to our server, who apologized and explained that it was the main chef's day off, and that our food did not reflect the usual quality of the restaurant's fare. Hopefully on our next vist we'll have a better dining experience, one that will be close to what most other reviewers here have experienced, so stay tuned for an update.
5	Very yummy and gluten free.  I like the curry
5	The green curry eggplant and Basil is awesome.
3	I went here for lunch yesterday with a friend and I thought it was pretty good. The prices were great, for a lunch special (soup, rice, spring roll, and entree) for 7$... that was really good. The soup was good, a little lemon grassy, but good. I ordered the pad kee mow, which was noodles and veggies... it was good, but I ordered it medium spicy, and it wasn't spicy at all. I really liked the spring roll, it had corn in it, which was kind of different and cool. So overall, it is a good deal, but I have had better thai food.... I still might come back here as it wasn't bad by any means and it is close to my house, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
4	I had a much better experience in my repeat visit to this restaurant. The service was as gracious and friendly as the last time, and this time the quality, flavors, and presentation of the food my friends and I ordered were very good; and the heat / spice level was tempered down to our liking for both appetizer and entrees. The prices were good, and the fact that we came within happy hour time brought  the already low drink and appetizer prices down even more.
5	Oh, Thai Spices, how do I love thee?I really enjoy my visits to Thai Spices. The service is always fast and friendly.I love the yellow curry! I also like the soups they have. Both are delicious. This past weekend I tried a Thai Coffee and it was wonderful.I recommend a visit to Thai Spices.
4	Very, very good.   Attractive decor - clean & modern without being stark (or bizarre). Great atmosphere.  Food was excellent and spiced to order.  Very reasonably priced.  Service was friendly, competent, and attentive.   Men's room clean and in good order.  Would definitely return.
4	Happy Hour every day! I stopped in before going shopping in the market. It's never a good idea to go grocery shopping or sober for that matter... Tip - DO NOT order the Mojito. It's awful. Sick to the beer and wine. I ordered the chicken satay, expecting some mediocre semi-dry chicken. Boy was I wrong. This is THE BEST chicken satay I've ever had. It was juicy and obviously marinated in a curry and served with a cucumber salad and a peanut sauce. You get 4 big skewers for $5. We actually ended up getting another order. I have not had a full meal here, but the satay will bring me back!
5	Amazing Place. Excellent service. Starting with the Veggie Spring Rolls which were good, but the accompanying sauce that just gave a suggestion that it was sweet and sour pulled the whole starter to the next level. For dinner we ordered the Pad Thai with chicken and the Pineapple Rice (both medium hot which proved to be just right). The Pad Thai was authentically delicious and the Pineapple Rice unexpectedly surprised with a few big shrimps, chicken, and tofu, but nevertheless, was uniquely tasty. The Pumpkin curry on the $5 menu is a must order. We also enjoyed sticky rice with fresh ripe mango and a not too sweet milk. The whole experience was perfect. Nicely decorated modern atmosphere with an obvious Thai theme. Clean restaurant and bathroom. What more could you ask for. We will definitely be going back for more! In the buzz and influence of a belly fully satisfied with wonderful Thai food, my husband even declared Thai food as his new favorite cuisine!
4	Let me first say that this thai restaurant was definitely something that came as a surprise. As I was looking for a fulfilling meal on a friday night after work this definitely did the trick. The two ladies that work the front of the restaurant are super nice and helpful. I had the red curry with tofu and returned 2 days later for more, so yes it was just that good. I got the mild flavor which had a bite but the medium would also be a choice. I love how they make the curry overall it seems like it takes much preparation and doesn't consist just of a powdered curry. Overall, very clean doesn't smell like those weird restaurants that you aren't sure what comes out of the back and definitely reminds me of back home in Los Angeles. If you have time you should definitely check on the marketplace next door, it is quite the cultural experience with some exciting treats. I will definitely be back and will be trying their pad thai.
5	I never have a bad meal at this place. A few of my friends and I went here last night and had yet another great experience. I got the Rama's Chicken, my girlfriend got the Tom Kha Noodle Soup and my friend got the Chicken Chow fun. Thai hot is the way to go for the Rama's but tends to be way spicier in other dishes. We were all satisfied with our food and were more than excited for the leftovers. I definitely recommend this place to all lovers of great thai food.
5	Everything I have tried here tasted great and has great service. Highly  Recommend
4	Until recently, it has proved difficult for me to write a useful review of Thai Spices. I can't seem to get enough fried rice, so almost regardless of which individual restaurant I visit (with one notable exception), that's what I typically order. And as much as I'd like to review restaurants based solely on that preference, the quality of a staple like fried rice is only really notable if it's not up to par.That said, we were there for dinner last night and I tried some of their other dishes. We started with edamame and their crab puffs. While we normally wouldn't order appetizers, the happy hour discounts are pretty compelling. I was somewhat disappointed with the edamame, which was cold by the time it was served, but the crab puffs were absolutely phenomenal. For an entree, I had my standard fried rice (Thai Spices does this better than most) and also tried my counterpart's Pad Thai. I thought it was excellent, but having never tried Pad Thai before, I don't really have any basis for comparison.I've been here multiple times for lunch and want to make special mention of the fact that the service for dinner is markedly better than the service for lunch, with which I had been previously disappointed. I tend to drink a large quantity of water with meals and our server was not only friendly, but prompt and efficient. I think she probably refilled my glass six times.Thai Spices is definitely worth a visit. With a focus on improving some of the small details mentioned above (edamame quality, lunch service), it could easily be given five stars.-a
5	Meals for only $5!!!  It isn't just limited to lunch time specials.  I have a hard time spending $10 a plate a Thai places when they sell the same things for $6 or $7 as a lunch special.  However this place is my next favorite Thai place now.  I just wish it was closer.  Looking forward to trying the Pumpkin Curry soon.
4	I love coming here for lunch. Being honest, most thai restaurants are just overpriced and aren't good.. but Thai Spices, omg authentic AND prices are great! Super friendly/down to earth waitresses and great service. I especially love the 10% discount they have on yelp! But even without the discount, I'd go here anyways :D Great atmosphere and great food, like.. what can get better than this?
5	Okay.. my second time to Thai Spices..  No complaints on anything.  This place appears new, clean and the staff is friendly and attentive. The chicken satay is tender with just the right amount of spice.  Pad Thai, calamari salad all very very tasty.  The star of this meal was the Tom Ka soup.  OMG I swear it was the yummiest soup I have ever tasted.  Full of flavor, lots of meat and vegies and the presentation of course was excellent.  That flaming hot pot just made me smile, the soup made me moan!  Oh and the peanut sauce, I could just drink it from the bowl.
4	This place is great! Huge menu and they are very accommodating so you can switch things up without a problem! We tried the sampler and everything was delic! I created my own vegetable and rice plate and added some eggplant. They have such a wide variety in ingredients here you are bound to find something you will love. Lover boy enjoyed his curry. When we pulled up I was not expecting this place to have a bar BUT they did AND I was like duh, totally thankful (yes I just pulled out my white valley girl).I will like totally be back to eat here again, like totally!
5	By golly, I've found it!  After going to 4 Thai restaurants since I've moved to the Phoenix area (only 3 months ago), I've finally found my go-to spot!!! This place is close to school, clean, great food, great service and a great lunch special.  Also I'm a sucker for presentation and they go all out!  I had a great experience and they got me in and out on my short lunch break! YES!! :D
3	I had high hopes when trying their Beef Ma Sa Man Curry. I ordered it in medium when i should have gotten hot. It was decent however I disliked the beef they used. It was sliced beef, usually the soft easy to pull off cubed beef is the best.. however I was stuck with sliced beef which isn't authentic.. AND! there were NO POTATOES! which is a must in the curry. Their padthai was real yummy though, I like how they add tofu... which is different...
4	What a hidden gem in a strip mall!  I am so happy that my friend took me here for lunch.  The interior has the Asian theme going on and is clean and inviting.  It's not a very big place, yet it seems spacious if that makes any sense.  We were warmly greeted when we walked in and were promptly seated by the girl who was our server as well.  She was super friendly and attentive.The menu is big and offered great lunch specials.  I went with the Spicy Beef Salad and loved that I could choose my level of spiciness.  I went with medium heat and it was perfect!  Just enough spice to give the beef good flavor.  The beef was mixed with diced cucumbers, tomatoes, shredded carrots, and red onion and it was all on a giant piece of romaine lettuce.  The portion size was just enough.  My dining partner went with one of the curries.  It smelled yummy and I got a taste of the sauce.  Very rich and creamy.  The lunch specials come with miso soup, rice, and an egg roll and they are only seven bucks!  This was definitely one of the best Thai restaurants that I've been to.  I wish there was a Thai Spices where I live!
3	Came here with my family for lunch.  It's average.  The Pad Thai ($7.95) was so/so.  It lacked flavor and the noodles had a "spongy" texture.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/s5TJlFtdXcx_tXC4tlttlw?select=OCCiEEum8v0DRHQScPUURwThe Fried Rice was pretty good.  Fresh Veggies and just the right amount of Egg.The Egg Rolls ($2.95) were above average.  Not too oily, crispy, had good flavor.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/s5TJlFtdXcx_tXC4tlttlw?select=kflj_odI0WlvqxVylF1I8QEverything else was just OK.Not worth the drive from Scottsdale to Mesa.Return Factor - 30%
5	First off, let me preface this by saying that having spent many years living in Thailand, I am a Thai food snob and am ridiculously picky about the Thai restaurants I recommend... That being said, this is by far the best Thai food in the Phoenix, and surrounding, areas. My first experience was after having a tooth pulled. I needed to eat, but it needed to be soft, and I was craving Thai. So my amazing partner ran over and grabbed me some Pad See Eew and an order of crab  puffs. The Pad See Eew was the best I've had outside of Bangkok. The flavours were perfectly balanced and it absolutely reminded me of home. They weren't stingy with the protein (chicken) and it didn't seem to be an Americanised version of one of my favourite Thai dishes. And the crab puffs... My partner had a couple and her response to them was, "These are the best crab puffs i've ever had!" Not your usual wonton wrapper stuffed with cream cheese with virtually no crab, these are filled with cheesy, crabby, seasoned goodness. So much flavour packed into such a little pouch. And they're served with a sweet chili sauce for dipping. The second time we ate there, we actually went to the restaurant. It was around 3:30pm on a Saturday so we were pretty much the only people in there. I ordered a Thai iced tea and my partner got a green tea. My Thai iced tea was perfect. Not to sweet, unlike many of the other Thai restaurants I've been to. The green tea was a little strong, and my partner says she's just going to get water from now on. Not because the drinks are bad, but because unlike the majority of restaurants, they serve purified water. Not tap water. MAJOR brownie points there! We, of course, started out with the crab puffs, which were just as good as the first time. I ordered yellow curry with chicken, and my partner ordered the cashew chicken, both Thai hot. Ordering food "Thai hot" can be hit or miss. Many places see the ginger hair and pale skin and figure they can dumb down the Thai hot and I'd never notice. F*ck that! When I say "Thai hot," I mean "Thai hot!" And that's exactly what we got. The cashew chicken was phenomenal. The smell alone brought back to living in Bangkok and eating at the noodle shop across from my school. It was spicy enough to make my nose run and leave that warm, tingly feeling in my mouth and throat but still had incredible flavour. My partner said it was "amazing." (She's not quite the foodie I am, so for her, that's a high compliment.) My curry was pretty damn good, too. Spicy, flavourful, full of large pieces of chicken as well as all the other good stuff (potatoes, carrots, etc). I could smell it as soon as it was set down and I knew it was going to be hot, and I wasn't disappointed. We had enough left over to take home and have for breakfast the next day. The portions are more than generous.Our server was extremely attentive. Almost overly so, but I was glad for that as opposed to being practically ignored, which can happen when you're the only patrons in a restaurant. He came over at least twice to make sure our food was ok, and always made sure to ask if there was anything else we needed, ie. napkins, more tea, water, etc. Being so stuffed I didn't get a chance to try their mangoes and sticky rice, but it's on my list since it's one of my favourite foods ever! The menu is extensive, with all sorts of noodles, stir-frys, curries, etc you can imagine. They have a lunch menu served daily til 3pm (including weekends) that have the same dishes for $6.75, which is what we plan on shooting for next time. If you like Thai food, this is a must-try!
1	It hurts to write a 1-star review for this restaurant.  That being said, do not alter a time-honored and familiar recipe.  There is nothing wrong with an addition to the  recipe, as the additions can be requested left out of the order.  However, it is wrong to replace ingredients that make up the basic presentation of the recipe.This afternoon, I found myself in Mesa for a shopping trip  to Mekong Supermarket.  We have a potluck event coming up at work and I wanted to scope out the place ahead of time for the ingredients I will need.  Seeing the sign for Thai Spices, the trip offered a chance to stop for lunch after I checked out Mekong Supermarket.On entering the establishment around 1:30 PM, I observed a clean dining room, with a pleasant ambience.  On picking up the 'take it home' version of the menu, I read through and saw what appeared to be suitable offerings for a Thai restaurant.  As always, I looked for Som Tom, green papaya salad, the yardstick by which I measure all  Thai restaurants.  Finding green papaya salad listed, I was gratified.  With no indication whether I should seat myself or wait, I waited.  From entering to being greeted and offered a table, it was about 5 minutes.  There were about 10 people seated in the restaurant, so the wait was, in my perception, reasonable.  When the host came to me, he asked if I would prefer their table menu.  I responded that I found what I wanted, and I would like to be seated.  As I was guided to a table, the host advised I would see my wait person shortly.  He asked what I would like for my beverage and was quick to bring the water with lime I requested.  My waitress arrived shortly after and asked what I would be ordering.  I placed my order for papaya salad, omitting shrimp and long beans, served Thai Hot, along with an order of steamed jasmine rice.  The waitress asked if I could clarify my order, hot being 1-5.  I requested 6.  She wrote down the order and asked if I wanted another beverage in addition to the water.  I declined, and she went to the kitchen, advising I could anticipate a wait of 7-10 minutes for my order.  Sipping water, I waited for my order to arrive.       My order was presented at about 8 minutes.  The salad looked to be reasonable, about 2 cups and the rice about 1 cup.  Som Tom, properly made, should have lime, chile, palm sugar and fish sauce, each of which brings tangy, sweet, salty and spicy notes with the crunch of fresh papaya.  On tasting the salad, I got lime, vinegar , garlic and spicy notes.  The spice was about 5 on a scale of 10 (5 makes my nose run, 8 makes my forehead sweat and 10 brings tears to my eyes).  I caught the waitress' eye and when she came to the table, she asked if everything was satisfactory.  I told her that the salad was missing some ingredients, specifically fish sauce and palm sugar.  She apologized and took the order back to the kitchen.3 minutes later, she returned with the same order, though it had been doctored with fish sauce and granulated sugar.  The chef had not remixed or even replated the order, only put fish sauce and granulated sugar on top of the previous order.  I asked the waitress to return this version to the kitchen and requested a new presentation be made, without the vinegar.  She went to the kitchen and returned with the same plate, telling me that the chef would not make a new order.I asked for the bill, and requested consideration as the order I wanted was not what I anticipated.  The waitress apologized and asked if I wanted to speak with the manager.  In replying that I would, she said the manager would meet me at the register.  I went to the register and on asking for consideration, the manager advised me that the salad was prepared exactly to my order, with no beans and no shrimp.  When I asked why vinegar was used instead of fish sauce, she said "That is how it is listed in the menu.  Did you not see that?"I paid my bill and left.  Oh, I have regrets...yes, I have many regrets.
5	Wow. Thank goodness. After a few very disappointing tries, we finally found our Thai place in Phoenix. Everything about our experience here deserved five stars.Beautiful restaurant - classy decor with dark wood and red glass tile all around the bar area. Certainly not what we expected when headed to a strip mall. Incredibly friendly service throughout the meal between the bartender and server. Nice bathrooms, ample parking, full bar, and TV's at the bar if you want that sort of thing.Based on Yelp reviews we started with the crab puffs. They are on the happy hour menu - $2 off the order for a total of $4 for six crab puffs. The best we've ever had! SO much delicious filling, and the sauce was great as well. Perfectly fried. Beautiful presentation as well.For dinner we ordered a small order of Tom Ka soup mild with tofu, and Pad Se-eew medium with fried tofu. These are our two Thai food staples, and we REALLY wanted to like them here.  Whew!! Not only were they good, we agreed that they were among the best we've ever had. The soup seemed very authentic with fantastic flavor and tons of veggies. Exactly what I want every bowl of Tom Ka to be. The Pad Se-eew was drool worthy. PERFECT amount of gravy, incredibly savory, tofu was very tender and not over-fried. The menu said it would include chinese broccoli, and we thought about asking for only regular broccoli since we tend to prefer that, but decided to wait and see how it would turn out. It actually came with a combination of broccoli and chinese broccoli, and both were delicious! Small criticism that is completely overshadowed by our wonderful dining experience: the only thing that needs to change is their website. The happy hour specials are outdated and according to a sign at the restaurant the hours are about to change as well. Beyond that, we couldn't have been happier with our experience. We were smiling the whole way home! Can't wait to return. Mmmmmm.
3	Party of 7 please.  Do you have a happy hour? Yes, handing me a placard with 6 appetizers that are 1-2 dollars off..  Ok, give me one of everything, please. I'm used to saving more than a dollar at happy hour but, the apps ARE good.Our waitress CJ then explains in Thai to my wife and daughter a couple of the dishes.  We order 7 entrees and they arrive in a timely fashion and were all quite tasty.Problem 1  The sticky rice which came with the pork dish was about the size of two of my fingers, should have been at least 4x -10x as much.Problem 2.  The rice which came with 2 of our entress was fine but, we ordered EXTRA rice and, that didn't show up until most of the main dishes were gone.  Even after asking a second and third time, it took 4-5 minutes for them to scoop it out of the rice cooker and bring it,  Not cool, guys.This is my third time here and it is ok but, 5 stars?--not.
5	The prices here cant be beat. And the Ambiance was great as well. Friendly servers light music was playing. Great portions at dinner time, and I'm sure on lunch its a deal too. Some places have tight parking lots but not here. I managed to pack it in and I will be a regular here when i need a Thai Fix.
4	Delicious!!!
5	First time trying Thai food and I thought it was awesome! A friend recommended the place. I went in the late afternoon and it wasn't very busy, but more people came in while I was there. I liked it being quiet- we had good service and the food was ready pretty quickly. Can't wait to go back!
4	Service was a little slow but the food and ambiance was outstanding!  Food was clean and very flavorful!  I highly recommend this restaurant!
4	Great, authentic Thai food.  Nothing fancy about the place.  In fact, it's kind of simple, small and minimalist but the food was bomb and cheap. Go there.  I will again for sure.
4	Great tasting drinks. I think its one of the best places to get a milk tea. I get the taro milk tea or the Thai milk tea with boba. The pork buns were perfect. Thats all I have had here. Four stars for the drinks!
5	Thai food---delicately prepared, gracefully presented.
5	This place ruled. I enjoyed some of the veggie spring rolls to start. They were not too hot, not too cold... just right. After that it was the thai fried rice with tofu. It was nice and spicy and I added a bit of the chili sauce to give it some more zest. For dessert, I had the mango with sticky rice, which was fantastic. It was a large size portion and it was fresh and tasty. I highly recommend this place.
5	Split  a couple of dishes and dessert with my friend. First and foremost my favorite item was the pineapple fried rice (came with Chicken, Raisins, Nuts, Pineapple) which was made spicy, the combination of the spices and the pineapple makes me want to come here again. Also got a noodle dish called the pad key mew w/ tofu that was pretty good and spicy enough for my tasting, but my friend recommended to get it Thai Spicy if your into that. Finished up with sticky rice w/ mango and a Thai Iced Tea... Get there while you can.  Oh yeah and their music was killing it, Tracy Chapman, Shawn Colvin, Men at Work, some 90's shit.
3	Needed to change it up from all the BBQ I was eating, and randomly decided on Thai Spices.  Ok, I lied...AA Wholesome Bakery:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/aa-wholesome-bakery-mesa#hrid:Du4wIG5ktu3GqqAeHFjqfg) is in the same complex :PPad Kee Mow:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/s5TJlFtdXcx_tXC4tlttlw?select=KkVkifgnEk1d60wVCwixNQ .  I like a little spiciness with my thai dishes, but the levels (low, medium, and high) all vary!  Thankfully, the medium spiciness here, was aligned with what I considered medium :)Thai Panang:   http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/s5TJlFtdXcx_tXC4tlttlw?select=jf6GntlWc0n8L__ehq8ROg .  But this was my favorite dish, the curry was so rich with flavor and had a nice kick to it. Up until this point, Thai Spices locked in a 4 star rating, until I ordered a side of sticky rice ($2) to eat with the rest of my curry.  I wish I took a picture, but the rice was served in a little bamboo container, and when I lifted the lid, there was rice wrapped in plastic wrap.  WTH is this?!  $2 for rice that's barely half my palm size, AND it was served in plastic food wrap!  0_o
4	I've eaten here a couple of times now on our weekend shopping trips to the Mekong Plaza market. The food is good and the service OK, too. The inside is quite aesthetic for a strip mall location - some very nice statues and real dark wood table & chairs give the place a nice feel. TIPS: Order water when you are seated, otherwise they might not bring it to you. Their "medium" spicy is pretty hot, so if you are sensitive to Thai spices, you might want to go with "mild."  Try the ginger beef, very tasty!
5	Sweet baby Jesus/Krisha/Buddha, whoever! I love this place. Their approach is modern,  but the flavors are classic. I don't know how to express this, but their food tastes...clean: Fresh, bright, quality ingredients. They take pride in what they do here.I eat so much from Thai Spices, that it hurts...seriously. But I can't stop eating.Anything is good on the menu: ReallyMango Sticky Rice - A+++ (Creamy, sweet but not too sweet, with tangy mango)Lemon Fish - A (Light bright and flavorful)Pad Thai (Best I have ever had was here)I am going to stop writing since I am slowly entering a food coma.OH and remember, when ordering Medium is Thai Medium!
5	What can I say about Thai Spices?It's easily one of my favorite restaurants-- not just in Mesa, but in the entire valley area. The food is top notch, and has actually gotten even better recently as they have refined some of menu items. The atmosphere is very modern, and usually pretty quiet. The staff are all very amiable and helpful whenever we're there.. A great place for lunch and dinner!The real kicker though is the drink selection. It's the only place in the valley that I know of where you can get Phuket. For those of you who don't know, Phuket is an import beer from Thailand, and easily the best Lager I've ever had. Apart from that wonderful little gem, their speciality drinks (both alcoholic and non) are fantastic as well. Try the Thai Tea, you won't be disappointed!I highly recommend Thai Spices for anyone looking to enjoy a delicious meal, great drinks, and comfortable atmosphere at a very reasonable price.
4	Dropped in about 630pm to test out what Yelpers described as an excellent rendition of Thai recipes. I was the 2nd customer in there, got instantly greeted/seated and went ahead and ordered the Beef Massaman curry at a medium spicy level for $11. Quality was superb, with a really deep, rich flavor and plenty of beef. Any normal person would do well on a classic entree and appetizer combo (apps being slightly discounted from 430-7pm here) to satisfy their hunger...Having been eating at buffets for dinner and stuffing myself to big-belly status most nights this past week I was conditioned to want at least two more bowls of the stuff ;)Overall very impressed by this first try, though I have to admit I can get more value elsewhere for my $11+tip!
5	Really good food. Haven always been satisfied with everything I have ordered.
4	Great Thai food in Phoenix!   Credentials:  I eat a lot of Thai food in San Francisco (hometown, traveling here on biznatch), and have been to Thailand, so y'know, I'm not a noob and I know what authentic tastes like.My dining companion and I were both thoroughly impressed with Thai Spices.  Dishes:Tom Ka (with shrimp):  Thicker than any in recent memory, but the flavors were all correct just not quite a delicate and balanced as the very best I've had.  .   but overall quite yum.  Green papaya salad:  Ordered this spicy and it was!  Tingly toungue and blowing my nose, prettymuch just how I like it.  Flavors were not bad, not sure what was slightly off but still, great and the best I've had in Phoenix.Seafood Pad Cha - Mmmm, this was really good.  Intense, savory, minimal sauce over perfectly cooked seafood.  Nothing was overcooked.  Mango Salmon - My friend got this one, and said it was excellent.  Prices are excellent.  Service was very friendly.  Would def. come again.
4	This place has great fresh food .I have never had a item I didnt like and I have NEVER EVER had bad service.They lunch specials are cooked and delivered in a timely manor.Did i mention The food is really really good!
4	Be sure to check out the FREE Thai Iced Tea deal on Yelp. Their Chicken Tom Ga soup is awesome! Customer service is prompt, friendly and efficient. Nice laid back atmosphere and a FULL BAR! =O)
5	The atmosphere is amazing. They play great music. The girls working there (especially the little one with the glasses) are ALWAYS so friendly. The food has been consistent since the first time I've gone. I've eaten there over 30 times and I've never once tasted anything off. I've never once gotten sick from it either. The Yellow Curry and Tom Ka Soup are my two favorites. I love all of the happy hour items as well. They have a full bar. The bathrooms are super clean as well.
4	Staff was extremely friendly, served me pad Thai and BBQ pork for lunch. The meat was perfectly cooked and expertly spiced. (Thai hot is their hottest setting, just on the edge of perfect just needs a tiny more of a kick) the tofu was ok, not great but all in all a fantastic mood, food was great and it was pretty fairly priced. 10.99 for lunch combo which was too much food for even me and unlimited soda. Would highly recommend
5	Our family came here for dinner over Christmas break and ordered all of the curries to share Thai style. The food was great, our Thai exchange student even approved. Would highly recommend it.
5	I Love this place. I come here a couple times a week for lunch. Fast lunch time service. I get there when they open and I am able to get back to work in no time at all. I have had several things on the menu and everything is Great. They make mine Triple Thai Spicy for me and it is perfect. A couple of my all time favorites are Spicy eggplant with beef and Pad Kee Mow.
1	Im from cali and this stuff they call thai food sucks!
4	Loved this place. Real modern inside with a FULL BAR!We got the Pad Thai and Tom Ka Kai. Both were maaaad flavorful! MMM!! The soup was probably one of the best Tom Kas I've had, even though it was more on the creamy side. They got a happy hour here and the prices are reasonable. Service was great, overhead music was great, and its in the Mekong Market so you can get your grocery shop-on before/after. Highly recommended if you're in the Mesa area!
2	Reading all the great reviews really makes me think I simply ordered the WRONG items!! First of all, I have eaten and worked at several Thai restaurants- so I really do appreciate authentic Thai cuisine. I ordered the soup and yellow curry with Tofu. The soup was more like stew- vegetables lightly covered in a very thick broth, almost like a gravy. I was not a fan of the taste at all- this was some rich stuff. The curry was indeed  tasty, but again- a bit heavy on the coconut- so after about 7 or 8 bites I just couldn't handle it.  Because of my check in, I earned a free Thai tea- which I didn't even bother to take advantage of because of the sheer richness of the meal itself-which I did not finish anyways. Lesson learned for me- WAH WAH.I just wouldn't try it again for the price, not worth the risk.
4	Delicious fried shitake mushroom and basil dish of some sort... I do NOT eat Thai food but this was amazing!
4	It was my first time trying out this place yesterday. I was up in Phoenix doing a photoshoot and decided I would go hangout with some friends from Phoenix and go grub. My friend suggested this place, which is in Mekong Super Market, so I gave it a shot. To begin with the name really gives off what it really means. You are warned by just reading the name and seeing "Spices" This place can be a bit spicy for those with sensitive mouths to spicy foods. The setting of the restaurant is really nice, it's well clean and decorated giving that Thai vibe. The waiters here and funny and sociable, they even cracked jokes which I love! Nothing beats be able to have some laughs with other people while checking a new place. I went and started off by ordering a calamari appetizer. It was alright, it was like calamari rings with a spicy sauce for dipping. The sauce was a bit creamy with a kick, which went well with the calamari.For my main entree I went ahead and ordered the grilled shrimp papaya salad. I really don't cook much of my own cultural food since I'm on a healthy eating diet so my fitness diet just consist of chicken and rice. So I do miss food that goes back to my roots and I love papaya salad and the spicier it is the better! This papaya salad came with 2 grilled shrimp which I never had shrimp with my salad before so that was a first for me. The shrimp complimented the salad very well, tasting that grilled shrimp added with the papaya and spice. Oh and to mention I got the hottest spice they could put it which they call "Thai Spices"! The food was was great! It really was as close to homemade papaya salad that my parents make at home, well minus the shrimp. But overall it had the right spices and a little bit of sweet taste along with the kick in the face spice. Overall I am impressed, I'd definitely come back here again.
4	Ordered the Spicy Eggplant lunch special. The portion was just right and the taste dead on. I love how the basil punches through without totally overwhelming the dish. I will most certainly be coming back.
4	Decent curry, nice service, nice presentation.
5	Extremely pleased with service and entrees. I travel to Thailand and have many Thai visitors in my home. The Panang curry, Pad Thai, and green curry were great, even though I had to order everything mild due to my guests.
5	I so love this place.  My favorite dish that I can not find anywhere else is the Crab/Shrimp Thai Fried Rice.  If you like seafood as much as I do, this is a must try dish.  Service is very friendly (a little slow).  The resturant is always clean.  On several occassions I have phoned in my order and when I arrived, they had it by the door and ready to go.  They offer: mild, medium and hot spice.  The medium is as spicy as I can take it without setting my taste buds on fire.
5	Freaking best Thai food eva! Low everything I've had there. I will definitely be making this place a frequent stop in my endeavors of satisfying my cravings!!!
4	We've been several times since discovering Mekong Plaza.  Thai Spices is very good, pineapple fried rice, the veggie rolls, the eggplant, the red curry, the pad kee mao.  Haven't had a bad meal, period.  The atmosphere is hole-in-the-wall Thai, clean, and it's relatively baby-friendly.  Great value, especially if you can catch the lunch hour (even on weekends).  For best value, our favorite Thai restaurant in metro Phoenix, reminds us of our favorite Portland neighborhood joint, Chaba Thai.
5	Love this place!!  I have eaten authentic thai food all over the world, and this is some of the best I have had.  The Thom Ka soup is amazing.  The staff are also very nice and always make me feel welcome.
5	One of my all-time favorite restaurants, definite proof that value doesn't have to mean compromise. Perfect for lunch, dinner, to-go, catering, I've done it all here. I have pretty Americanized taste buds, but still I spring for the traditional menu often, it's adventurous without being intimidating, and it's less than seven bucks after tax for a properly filling meal. The soups in particular just warm you up inside. Pad thai here is also exceptional and come with plenty of meat.I ordered catering here for a large party and it was incredibly competitive pricing plus they delivered the order such a convenience.Great place to bring people great date place too the decor is very nice and there is a great drink/happy hour menu. While not alcoholic, I do recommend their thai ice tea if you like sweeter beverages. Really cannot speak more highly about this place, but there is a small warning if you are not a fan of spicy foods make sure you order yours MILD. Even some dishes when ordered mild will have a kick and medium to hot dishes can have quite the lingering burn, but I could just be a wuss. Order the sweet ice tea in case and the spice won't be a problem you can't handle.
3	I was happy to find this place while on vacation in Arizona and spending the night outside of Phoenix. Is this the best Thai food I've ever had? No, but it was still very good! The pad Thai was yummy, and the spice was just right. If you're a spiceaholic, the Thai hot may not be quite hot enough for you though. My friend got the yummy duck curry. The curry  was delicious but the duck itself close to inedible due to bone and gristle. For the price though, I'm not surprised. Who can afford to waste duck these days?
5	This place was amazing. I was traveling home from San Francisco and a traveler I met suggested this place to me because it was their favorite Thai place. I went the night I got back into town and it did not disappoint! Very tasty with a great portion! Staff was very helpful and accommodating. I got massaman curry and it was delicious.
5	Brought the kiddos for a (relatively) early dinner on Father's Day, and were pleasantly surprised. Good food, perhaps the best pad thai we have found since moving back to the Valley; the staff were friendly and attentive to all of us, kids included; the prices were reasonable, and there were even happy hour discounts on several kid friendly dishes!  A good time.
2	Wow, what a disappointing experience. Service was slow (although friendly), and the food was meh at best.  Stopped in for lunch, had the lunch combo which included soup & a spring roll. The soup was good, nothing else was. The spring roll was cold, and the eggplant/chicken I had was bland (literally, the only flavor it had was the soy sauce and sriracha I kept pouring on it to give it some flavor - I ordered it a medium spicy by the way) & the chicken was overcooked.Will not be back.
5	I cannot say enough good things about Thai Spices. This place is truly a gem, and has become a special place for my boyfriend and I. He took me here for a first date, and we will continue to return. The decor is really cool- a fusion of traditional and contemporary. The atmosphere is calm, but friendly and inviting. Service is always prompt, and the staff is eager to assist.The food is phenomenal. This is one of those places that makes me excited to try everything on the menu, instead of sticking to one or two things. Try the appetizer sampler- you won't be disappointed! The Pineapple Fried Rice is delicious, as is the Pad Thai.However, if you try nothing else, get the Thai Iced Tea. You'll be hooked!
5	this is my favorite thai restaurant.. im simple though i always get the sea food fried rice, thai hot...
4	Finally a Thai place in Phoenix area that actually has flavor!  This must be my third or forth Thai place I've tried, but finally.  The Tom Kha soup was delicious, full of flavor.  Pad se eh, was deliciously, lots of sauce that was very flavorful, not just spicy.  Also tried  their stir fried rice which was really good, a tad bit too much oil, but I'd rather have a little more than a little less.Another bonus about this place is it's actually open past 9 PM, which seems like a rarity.  Restaurant also has a full bar.  I would recommend getting a seat in the front of the restaurant, rear has entrance to Mall/Grocery area which can be a little distracting while your eating.
5	I give this place 5 stars!!! Im a regular at this place, and I have to say the staff know me and my wife by name.. The red and green curry is the best in town. I highly recommend this place.. I've tried many thai restaurants, and nothing comes close to Thai Spices!!!
4	This place is delicious. We had a wonderful experience here. We both enjoy everything about our meal and the staff was super friendly. We will come back here again for sure.
5	My husband and I just moved nearby, and I don't think I am ever going to cook again.  I love this place!The lunch specials are great--7$ for a soup, spring roll, and choice of entree.    The dinner prices are also totally reasonable. The food can be a bit on the spicy side--I usually like my food medium, but I always make sure to order it mild here.  My spice loving husband usually orders medium.  The spice is always nice a flavorful, not just a burn.  Yum!The portions are large (we always come home with leftovers) and the service is great (my soda is always refilled before it's empty).  This is my new favourite place to take out of town visitors!
5	i ordered the Chicken Pad Thai and i was surprised with the portion. It was huge and so yummy. I love how they put tofu and chicken in my dish. Normally you have to pay extra for that since the dish always comes with one type of protein. I wish most restaurant in San Diego, CA would do that. Also, i got a free drink (Thai milk tea) after checking in on their Yelp's page.That was nice. If i happen to visit Arizona again, i definitely come back to visit :)
5	My favorite thai place in the East valley! The food is always good and the service is great.
5	Awesomely relaxing ambience, good music, and amazing food. The wait staff is attentive without being invasive, the food is excellent while affordable, and the decor is Thai yet modern feeling. One of the best Thai restaurants I've been to.
5	Use Anna as a waitress, she is the best server, second to none. She has really made me feel at home, even though I'm 2000 miles from home.
5	Amazing! I have eaten here several times and have tried much of the menu. I haven't had a bad dish yet. Everything from the Panang curry, Tom yum soup, beef salad, BBQ pork, and of course the pad Thai. I highly recommend this place.
5	Just had lunch there and had their ChuChee fish lunch special which was delicious. Very flavorful and different. Nice size portion and came with soup, spring roll, rice and vegetables. Loved it!
5	The food was fantastic and the service was amazing. It had a cute "small restaurant" atmosphere. We got tofu pad Thai, fried calamari, and shrimp and crab fried rice, which were all delicious.
5	I love this place. Nick name for this place for me and my g/f is, "our spot".The food is amazing. Reminds me of being back in San Fran. Definitely a great Thai restaurant in the Valley. The prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is very chill.For me and my g/f, definitely our #1 place for Thai.
3	Food was okay... sauces were awesome!  You have to try the sweet chili sauce, I put it on everything.  My two main critiques; one, the water is awful... it tastes like soda water without carbonation and full of chemicals it actually burned a little, and two the pineapple fried rice was over cooked (over cooked eggs to the point they were burnt... yuck.  We also had chicken satay... decent.
4	This was my second Thai resturaunt in as many days.  I went with a friend who has eaten at several Thai places so I am basing a lot of this review off of his comments.  Personannly I thought the food was very good.  It had a rich,deep flavor that was very pleasing.  One thing that I have noticed is that the food is not as hot as I expected.  We ordered the Tom Ka soup with chicken.  Overall it was very good.  It comes in this neat serving vessel that has flames shooting out of the center of it.  Two things that were disappointing about this soup:  1)  I know that the soup is flavored with lemon grass, however most people will filter out the lemon grass because it is completely inedible.  There were several pieces all thoughout the soup and I was constantly picking them off of my tongue and out of the bowl.  2)  We ordered the soup Double Thai Hot.  Now, when I hear the words "Double" and "Hot" in the same sentence and they are descirbing a food I tend to get excited.  I must also admit that my tolerance to hot food is somewhat above the Bell Curve, but this produced very little heat.   For entrees my friend ordered the Yellow Curry and the Pad Thai (yes he ordered two entrees so he could take some home).  Both were very good and had a deep rich color and flavor.  I had the Pad Kee Mow with beef.  I will admit that the beef was a little tough and rubbery, but over all the dishes were good.  As I stated before, the food was not as hot as I thought and the wait staff talked me down a few notches on the heat scale.  Next time I will stick to my guns and get it HOT!  My friend gave the soup a 10 out of 10 and the entrees an 8 out of ten.
4	My Friday night plans fell through and wound up with my son and his boyfriend and we were starving I asked them if they were up to trying out a new Thai place that we haven't been to yet and they answered back quickly with a yes, let's go!We got their around 8:45pm and the place was sort of emptied out, but it was perfect for us. I also noticed that I got a free Thai Tea for checking in on Yelp! How sweet is that!  For starters we ordered the chicken satay, the chicken was delish and full of flavors, the peanut sauce was amazing! My son and I at the same time said we could bath in the peanut sauce it was that good! Apple doesn't fall far from the tree I guess. But that sauce is amazing! Love it! One ordered the Massaman Curry, mild and that dish looked so very yummy! He said it was delish too! The other one ordered the Chicken Pad Thai mild without bean sprouts and he loved it too!I ordered the Chicken Pad Thai as well, but had my Thai hot baby, bring on the heat I say! I enjoyed the Pad Thai, the noodles where perfectly cooked, the chicken was very tender and so tasty! The pad Thai did come with tofu, which next time I know to have it without tofu but since it was already on my plate I went ahead and tried it out, and well it was flavorless and blubbery, like you would imagine a whale to be. It's not my thing, but I tried :) .My son and I have a favorite little Thai place on the other end of Mesa that we love, but I think Thai Spices just might have knocked them out, can't wait to come back and try the pineapple fried rice of course with chicken!
4	This is another of those places where while the building doest stand out (because its an end cap of an asian market) the food really does. This is a goto for thai food for me cause the yellow curry is top of the line, and the crab puffs get me drooling. To quote ferris, if you have the means (and you do) i highly recommend it.
5	Best Thai food place in the valley. This is our go-to favorite restaurant.
4	Thai Spices is THAI-RIFIC!Yelper Mark R. periodically posts these scrumptious looking photos on Yelp from Thai Spices so I thought I'd have to check this place out when I'm by this area and I'm glad I did as my experience was VERY GOOD!We started with tasty Sweet Potatoes appetizer. They came out very thinly dipped and didn't seem oily at all. The kind of potato they used almost had a sweet chestnut like flavor and was very good. They came with sweet and sour sauce that was OK but a little sweet for my taste.My husband had the Thai Spices Basil with the added option of making it Thai Style with Chopped Ground Chicken and Crispy soft fried egg. The chicken in the dish was moist and flavorful and the fried egg was excellent. It had a thin crisp all around it and a soft center that oozed it's richness into the dish like it should. This was a much better variation of this dish than I had at several other places in the valley. However I did think this dish needed more basil and would ask for extra basil next time we are here.I am a sucker for anything pumpkin in a Thai Restaurant so I had to order the Pumpkin Tofu Curry. This variation did differ from others I've tried but was still very good. This version was vegetarian and made with red curry. It had a silky richness to it from the pumpkin with only just a few tasty pumpkin chunks in it. The vegetables in it were cooked just right and the tofu was nice and helped to lightened this dish. I do note the portion was very small but it was delicious and I had enough anyway.Service was friendly and efficient.A very SOLID 4 stars THAI-RIFIC! Located in Mekong Plaza
5	Best Thai food I've had in AZ. The service was quick and professional, the restaurant was very clean, and the portions were more than enough considering the price was very reasonable. I ordered the Massaman Curry and it really brought me back, easily just as good as what I've had back in Cali. My boyfriend got the Yummy Duck Curry, and he loved it as well. The duck had so much meat on it (it wasn't all skin, thank god) and the rice was great too. I also checked in and got free Thai Tea which is amazing! Definitely recommend and can't wait to go back!
5	This is my new favorite Thai place. I have tried a number of dishes and all are delicious. The pumpkin tofu curry is only great and I have recommended this dish and this place tomany people. I was disappointed at the amount I was served at dinner time. I may just stick to take out and lunch. Fabulous.
5	When we were still living in Gilbert AZ me and husband went this place countless times. Whatever we tried did not disappoint us. Their Lad Na is so good. Our all the time favorite is grilled salmon with mango salad. Cooked to perfection.  Ladies are friendly and helpful.
4	Very good food despite super slow service. I had the BBQ pork and it was crazy good. They have a good happy hour too! I highly recommend it if it's your first time having Thai. Check out the market right next door too.
5	Uhm.... Hands down 5 stars. BEST Thai food I've ever had in AZ! I wouldn't recommend just one item... I would recommend trying ALL of them. I don't remember what we got last time but ordered an array of items and they were all delicious. I'm NEVER disappointed when I come in. The service is also phenomenal. :)
4	I was always looking at this place everytime the family wanted pho (next door). Well I finally had a chance during lunch to have one of my favorite Thai dishes Papaya Salad w/ Shrimp. It was great a dish I had ordered w/ medium spice. It was a little lite for me so I will make it hot the next time I visit. Thai Tea was nice & sweet, maybe a little too sweet but was great nonetheless. I look forward to taking my wife to get her opinion. So far so good.
4	Finally, an authentic Thai restaurant on the east side! Being Thai, my standards of Thai food are high, and none of the Thai restaurants in Phoenix (except for Siamese Kitchen) has ever met my expectations. But now I can count on Thai Spices when I don't feel like cooking!
5	We had an excellent lunch at Thai Spices.Sarah had aCurry dish and I had a cashew chicken.Our waitress was helpful in helping us select how hot we wanted our plates.We will retun
1	Worst Thai food  ever eaten in Arizona. The food were so sweet taste like dessert. Perhap the chef should eaten at a real Thai restaurant to know how real Thai food should taste like. We order the lunch special my $6.95 and my partner $10.75 because his came with soft drink. Ingredient were missing but wait staff failed to mentioned. When I told the waitress the ingredients on my plate are not what was describe on the menu. She just say oh sorry.Would never recommend this place to anyone. Wish I could give them zero star.
5	Loved all the food we had for lunch! (Tom yum soup, chicken curry dish, pad thai, and spicy catfish dish.  ) We shall return!
5	Probably the best Pad See Ew I've ever had, but let's start from the beginning...Immediately upon walking in, I was given... bar none... the most hospitable reception in my short history of dining.  It was comprised of a greeting (including being called by name) and a hug from the cutest little thing, who I had just met.We started off with a chicken satay app, which was accompanied by a creamy peanut sauce and cucumber salad.  Removing the delicious skewered meat from the wooden spears brought me back to days of yore, when I would covertly poke my little sister in the closest appendage, with the sole purpose of evoking a squeal, all the while under the auspices of my no-nonsense parents.My go-to Thai dish is Pad See Ew.  I've seen it spelled differently, but I'm hip.  This dish was one to be savored.... no, to be fawned over and then savored.  Using my meticulous chop-stick skills, I pampered each delicate noodle into my quivering mouth... which evoked blissful visions of lazily floating down the Chao Phraya river... and mind you, I've never even been to Thailand.I'm not saying the dish was laced with opium, but at some point, I do recall fancying a ride atop an Asian Elephant passing through the seven levels of the Candy Cane forest.My lunch companion, Chris, ordered the basil fried rice, which was more akin to an architectural wonder than an entree.  Using his meticulous spoon skills, I witnessed him moving mountains... of succulent rice and fixins... never to be seen again, for at least eight hours.And just when I thought our culinary journey was disembarking, the same vision of loveliness appeared to my right, presenting a showpiece comprised of cake, cream and maraschino cherry.Knowing my chop-sticks would only make a mess of things, I grabbed a spoon.  It had been so long... but it felt good in my hand.  A little cold.  I raised that utensil to the sky, and with an intense bellow, I cried "By the power of GreySkull, I shall have you as my own".  As I started my initial swipe, I noticed Chris had already gotten 2 or 3 bites in during the fanfare.BAM!  The cake was bursting with coconut gusto, or maybe it was the ice cream.  I'm embarrassed to think of what I probably looked like as I descended into that dessert feeding frenzy.I'd like to offer apologies to any staff and/or patron within line of sight.  I don't get out much, and unfortunately whenever my taste buds are stirred up like that, its plain and simple mob mentality.  I cant get in their way!  I wont!After paying the tab, I bid a fond adieu to the huddled kitchen crew, and noticed their horror stricken faces.  The audible syllables "Mujumbo hielan friacah" lilted through the air as I passed... which I believe meant: "Great manly warrior"... no, my bad, wrong dialect... it actually means: "Portly destroyer with awkward shirt cleavage".I look forward to my return visit, where I will exercise self control... or maybe just exercise
5	Shopped at the market and decided to eat here. We love Thai and the restaurant exceeded our expectations. Everything we ate was great, which includes the mussel appetizers, pad kee ? or something and the chow mein. Amazing prices as well. And super friendly staff. Basically it was a perfect experience :). I would recommend it to anyone.
5	Order the BBQ Pork, and as soon as I checked in at the location I got a free glass of champagne....allready off to good start
4	Great resteraunt. Soup is suprisingly sweet, ordered the Pad Thai Chicken lunch special that included spring roll, Chicken Satay and drink. A great value. Finished with Mango stickey rice that was well prepapred and a perfect way to numb the flames. Triple Thai hot available, however not recommended for the average consumer.
3	Went here for the second time for dinner with my boyfriend and we loved the food; the service not so much. We ordered 3 entrees for the two of us and got green curry -our favorite, pad Thai - smelled funky to me so I did not enjoy it as much as the first time I had it, and a Thai special fried rice - it taste like my dad's friend rice so I like it but nothing special for it to be so expensive. The service wasn't amazing. The servers were constantly on their phones which was off putting cause my boyfriend had a question about something and as he was asking, she just walked away and went back to her phone. Next time I'll just order to go.
5	This restaurant is located inside the Mekong Plaza - my GPS kept circling - so beware. The ambiance is open and asian. The server was gracious and attentive. The food was light, fresh and flavorful. A ton of Vegetarian options! We had the veggie rolls and a pot of soup; the pot of soup had a flame coming out of the middle of the bowl. It was groovy! My date had red curry and I had pork noodles - excellent portion size!I would recommend this restaurant and will be back. 5 stars! Solid!
2	Had red curry chicken, the chicken itself was awesome but the reason they only get 3 stars is their rice.   Enough curry chicken for 2-3 servings, enough rice for a starving karate kid. Like seriously less than a cup of cooked rice. I asked for more rice to finish my meal and they charge me 2 dollars more for another scoop of white rice. I cook jasmine rice at home and for the 6 cents it costs to make that much rice, its really upsetting when they nickel and dime you.   You guys lost a customer for the cheapest thing you make ...,
5	Excellent, spicy thai at good prices.  The som tam salad is one f the best in the valley and spiiiiiicy!  Ask for medium unless you want to die.  Their lunch specials are an excellent value.
5	Amazing food! Clean and inviting restaurant! Will definitely be back! Awesome find for sure!
5	We had the green curry with shrimp and the pad Thai both great flavors and perfect spice. Great service very helpful for one of our members who is glutton free. Good atmosphere as well. If you like Thai food this the place for you.
5	I love this place!  I've had crappy Thai food before...this place is the real deal!  I recommend the Pad See Ew and the Yellow Curry.  Bonus:  they have happy hour that last until 7pm...what's not to love?
2	I will be surprised if this place is open another 6 months. Not because we were the only ones there from 6-7, not because you couldn't find a bag for the carry out container, not because the food was bland and tasteless. Because there are so many other great choices at Mekong that try to at least appear to care. Step it up or step aside.
3	I was visiting with my wife----we are here from California-----and I just want to ask the management:  WHY AM I SUBJECTED TO RADIO ADVERTISEMENTS THROUGHOUT MY DINNER?  My wife and I were looking for some good Thai food, and we liked the flavors on our plates, and just wanted to talk.  SO WHY IS THIS RESTAURANT PLAYING POP RADIO WITH ADVERTISEMENTS EVERY 15 MINUTES?  ARE YOU KIDDING ME?  Like I said, the food was good, and the servoce was fine, so why did they have to go ruin everything with radio voices trying to sell me insurance or furniture while I'm having a night out with my wife?  Management:  GET SOME COMMON SENSE!!!!!
5	Love the food here. Things I have never liked are delicious here. A good example is Chow mein. I generally hate it, except here. Also, my wife hates mushrooms, but loves the Basil Shitake Mushroom. Plus, their lunch menu is extensive, and everything is delicious at a very low price.
2	Pad Thai was on the gummy side, but not terrible. Crab puffs and spring rolls were good. Service was poor. Friendly enough, but there were three of us, all our dishes were delivered at different times, and two were incorrect.
5	I eat here once a week or even more.  As far as service goes, Loc or Moon are on top of it----they are very attentive and will take care of you.  I'm addicted to the massaman curry, but I've also loved the salmon with panang, the tom kha, the barbecue pork, and the calamari salad.
5	They have a great lunch special with a pork chop and pad thai, the food is always consistently good and they do a good job of making it anywhere from Thai Hot to no spice at all depending on what you are looking for.
3	Decent. Not the best. Kind of pricey. Crab fried rice was really salty.
5	There are many Thai restaurants in Phoenix metro area.  Thai Spices has our vote as one of the few authentic Thai restaurants.  They have some really authentic Thai dishes, and use the correct ingredients as you find in food in Thailand.  Other Thai restaurants use substitute ingredients in their dishes because it's cheaper.  One example is using cheap broccoli instead of the correct Chinese kale in the stir fry and noodle dishes. Thai Spices always uses the CORRECT traditional Ingredients.  Their service is outstanding, and warm and gentle just as in Thailand. If you really want authentic Thai food, you've come to the right place here.
5	Have eaten here several times and its always great! Its clean and nice staff.
4	Food was well prepared and tasty. The service was quick and attentive. They serve generous portions and the three of us left satisfied.
3	I was so hungry and ordered a large bowl of Thai Boat Noodles. It was satisfying. Checking in also got me a free Thai ice tea!My friends loved their curry. It was super spicy.The selection was decent with some more expensive entrees. I opted for the noodles because the large cost 11 dollars. Other dishes were around 17 dollars average.Overall good experience.
5	I've been to a few of the Thai restaurants in Arizona and this remains my favorite. Granted, I don't get too adventurous with the menu, but sometimes when you find something you love, you just have to smother it to death, right? Pad Thai and Curry ALL DAY. I've ordered some other items (curry fish? or something) and they are enjoyable but I typically go with the same old same old.Soup is always tasty. Thai Tea is almost worth the trip on its own. Lunch prices are fair and portions are good. I may be biased because I'm a regular but I'm a regular for a reason. Order the Pad Thai with Chicken and/or the Red Curry with Chicken and you'll know why I go back again and again.
5	Food was excellent as always and fantastic service from Anna my server. I have eatin here many times and have never had a bad experience. It is always relaxed and I feel very welcome
4	We went on a Friday night to celebrate because I freakin passed my driver's license exam..!! Nbd. :p Anyway, the place was surprisingly not that busy.Food: Appetizers - Veggie Spring Rolls were delicious! My husband was surprised I liked it because he thinks I'm a carnivore and don't eat any greens. Seriously though, it's good.Meal: We loved the Panang Chicken Curry. The Pad Thai was alright. They could've used better noodles.Drinks: They had an offer on Yelp so we got one free Thai iced tea for checking in. I think that's awesome.Service: Excellent! The waitress was more than happy to agree with me when I told her I don't like super spicy food while my husband sits there staring at us and muttering "Wusses*. We loved our first visit. We would definitely be back try the Yummy Duck Curry!
5	Honestly, this is probably my favorite thai spot in AZ! Out of all the Thai places I have tried they have my favorite Tom Yum soup! And pad thai! Would definitely recommend this place hehe.
5	Food is excellent and tasty! The Roaring Tiger and Lad Na are my favorite dishes but the curries and of course Pad Thai are delicious, too. Portions are generous and the service is spectacular. Would definitely recommend!
3	Great service! We had a fantastic waiter Toan! He was funny and provided efficient service.   We have been here a few times before - meals are hit and miss. Tonight was a bit of a miss on the Panag Curry for me, but others really enjoyed the *hot* pad thai and cashew chicken. My favorite part of the meal was their Tom yum hot pot soup! It was delicious and had a a great depth of flavor.
5	This place was really good and I was shock by how good the food was. We order a bunch of stuff and everything came out good. Service was great, decent portion, great atmosphere and clean. I'm very picky when it comes to Thai food because I had bad experience before.
5	I have been here a few times for lunch with coworkers, and just now for dinner, and am treated to exceptional Thai cuisine each time. The lunch specials typically check in around $8, and for that you can get delicious Pad Thai, or a creamy and decadent Panang Curry. The service is also friendly and always willing to make a recommendation. This is my go-to Thai place in the valley!
5	I've had the Pumpkin Tofu Curry several times, basically every time I've been here, and it's so delicious. It's a bit spicy, and for me it's the perfect amount of spice. It's sweet, rich, and creamy, and the vegetables are cooked perfectly, meaning they're not mushy but they're easy to cut into bite-sized pieces.On the Happy Hour menu they have Buddha Gyoza, which I'd never heard of before. I was super excited when the server said it's a tofu dumpling (potsticker). I don't eat meat, and it's tough to find non-meat-based dumplings. They use some kind of textured soy crumble, so the filling looks similar to ground pork, but they're vegetarian-friendly. They were awesome.My husband got the Seafood Pad Cha and loved it as well. There are a bunch of other non-meat items on the menu I want to try -- it's just so hard not to get the Pumpkin Tofu Curry that I love so much. The service was excellent. Everyone was very friendly and this must be a place for regulars because our server greeted almost everyone at the door like an old friend.
5	AWESOME!!! The best Thai Iced Tea and Tom Kha soup EVER.  So good and really not that pricey either.  We got the appetizer sampler, Pad See Ew, Tom Kha soup and some egg fried rice.  So yummy!! It was cooked to perfection and in great Buddha energy.  Absolutely wonderful!!
2	Okay food but awful service. Restaurant had 5 people in it when my party of three sat down. It took almost an hour for the food to hit the table once we ordered and they didn't offer any sort of compensation. Thai food should not take that long to prepare, this isn't fine dining.
5	This is a hidden gem in Mesa.  It was one of the best Thai restaurants I've ever eat at in my life.  Not only was the food excellent, but the service was superb.  We were able to get the flat noodles and also a rice dish.  I cannot wait to go back.
4	I just came in for takeout again. This is one of my new favorite Thai resturants. They always give you good portions, I get almost three meals out of one dinner and the food is always good and flavorful and their take out is fast. I will keep coming back!
5	Amazing. Period. I had the Thai Basil with ground chicken. Girlfriend had the green curry with chicken. Both were outstanding. Service was perfect didn't wait long for our food. Just a great experience. We will be back as we FINALLY fond real Thai!
5	The food is great.  The yellow curry and the pad Thai with shrimp and crab are my favorite.  Their pad Thai is a little sour, a little sweet, and spicy at the same time which is why I love it. Other pad Thai that I had didn't taste sour at all. Their services are also good.  The place is nice and clean, great atmosphere overall.
