4	Nice lounge with great views of the Las Vegas valley. Go on Thursday nights for Altitude Adjustment night. Ladies get half price martinis and glasses of wine. They also have a great sounding jazz band called Afterglow (they perform Wednesday night through Saturday night). Food and drink prices are what you expect from a Vegas lounge, but it's a nice atmosphere and a chill place to spend an evening listening to good music.
5	Went here on a Saturday night, it was a really chill lounge with great scenery of the Vegas night lights.  Atmosphere is awesome if you have a significant other to share it with.  Waitress was super awesome because I think she is the one who turned in my camera to the Lost & Found (5 Stars for that).
5	Went here last Thursday for happy hour around 4-7pm. The view from above was amazing! Walked up and sat at the bar, bartender recommended two for one martini deals and also half off appetizers. A friend and i decided to go with two blu-tinis and for appetizers were Vietnamese Duck sliders and Waygu beef tenderloin carpaccio..i must say, the duck sliders were the best i ever had and a first. i recommend if anyone is staying or visiting Level 107 lounge ..other than that, the atmosphere was great and also the bartender was really helpful and service was quick..overall..it was a great experience..going back this week :]
5	This seems to be one of the best kept secrets in Vegas. Why pay to go to the top of the Stratosphere when you can go for free?The Level 107 Lounge is a fabulous alternative to shelling out money and waiting in a long line to see the view from the very top.  Just a couple of levels down is this great little spot.The view is just as good, and you can grab a drink or two, even a snack, listen to some live jazz music, and walk around the circle taking in the sweeping views of the Las Vegas valley. And it's never too crowded and there's no small children running around bumping into you.Level 107 is just above the rotating restaurant. It's all one open space - Level 107 overlooks the restaurant below.This is a must-do for anyone visiting Vegas (and any local who hasn't already done it). This is a great spot for a post-dinner / pre-partying drink and the perfect way to check out how amazing the view of Vegas is at night.
4	This is a fabulous place to enjoy a cocktail.  Poised on the 107th floor of the Stratosphere hotel and casino, this lounge has seats all around the windows so people can enjoy their cocktails long with a gorgeous view of Las Vegas.The music played is jazz, and at 6pm, there was a live band that was spectacular.  The only reason I didn't give a full 5 stars to this restaurant was because of the drinks.  First off, they are quite expensive so one won't be sitting around to too long up there or they'd go broke.  Second, the drinks just weren't that good to warrant the price.  I ordered a bloody Mary for $13, and it tasted similar to the ones I get for $6.This would be a great romantic spot for couples, or to just relax and enjoy the view.
5	Sweetest Taboo...I know a lot of people love to hate on the Stratosphere, but this smooth lounge can't be beat.  No where else in town will you find creative cocktails, live jazz (Fri-Sun), and THE most stunning view of the valley.  I came here on a Saturday night for drinks and appetizers.  They have a happy hour from 4-7 with half off appetizers and martinis (not cocktails).  I mention this because a half price martini is easier to sip than the $14 cocktails, but in at least one case, its well worth it.   This circular embodiment of cool is dark, cozy, and neat. There are  booths and bar tables all around, so seating is not generally an issue.  The band, which can only be seen and heard well from about half the lounge, was excellent.  They played a lot of relaxed, contemporary jazz.  Chris Isaak, Sade, Corinne Bailey Rae, and Norah Jones were just a few I heard during my visit.I found my new favorite cocktail in town here at Level 107:Being Old Fashioned "is a thing of the past" - Red Stag Cherry Bourbon, muddled orange and cherry, soda and a splash of bitters.  This was strong, refreshing, and delicious.  Mmmm-mmm!The Food:Shrimp Cocktail with a Twist - Large prawns with a horseradish cocktail sauce and shrimp ceviche - Nice large shrimp, your typical shrimp cocktail.  The ceviche, served in a shot glass, was forgettable.  Barely any shrimp, mostly avocado.Vietnamese Duck Sliders - These were more like Bahn Mee than an American slider.  The duck was a little dry, but the veggies and aioli made up for it.  These were good, but I wouldn't order them again.Stuffed Chicken "lollipops" - These Frenched drummettes were stuffed with blue cheese, and cooked in a lemon garlic sauce.  They were messy, but not in that good "sports bar" way.  PassThe creative drinks and panoramic views of this smooth jazz spot make a trip to the Stratosphere a must.
4	Greatest happy hour specials! The appetizers are half off, and you get 2 for 1 martinis. We got sliders -the beef ones and the duck ones, and they were both really amazing. Perfect portions, flavorful ingredients, and nice presentation. The appetizers were only $5!For dessert, my boyfriend and I literally made ourselves sick with a trio of creme brulee and a trio of cheesecakes which all came with unique dipping sauces and ingredients. IT WAS AWESOME. The desserts were only $8 a trio!Awesome view :)
5	Hidden gem. Overpriced tourist trap on the surface, but happy hour is totally worth it! 4 to 7 is happy hour and amazing. You can watch the sunset while listening to old school lounge singers. Amazing view. Really good small plates. Try the sliders.
4	Their appetizers and drinks were awesome! We had the fried calamari and tomato fondue - best we've ever had!! Plus it was before 7:00pm so they were half off! The razz-jito was amazing. Definitely recommend coming here - plus you can't beat the view!!! Took a while for the bartender to warm up and become friendly...
4	Best view in town (simultaneously see Freemont and The Strip). Best bloody bull in town. Best Old Fashioned in town. Best slow-gin-fizz in town.  Decent cranberry martinis.  If they had bacon martinis I would have given them a 5th star!From the 107th floor of the Strat, you look down upon the rotating tables of Top-of-the-World restaurant, but you didn't have to pay for the fastest elevator ride in town to be above the diners below you.  You will see the bungee jumpers falling past your view, however, if you sit at the bar.  Tres cool!Level 107 has the best wings in town (lollipop wings).  The lollipop theme is because locals called the Stratoshpere a giant lollipop when it was first built because it #1 looked like one and #2 was supposed to suck away business from the South Strip, etc.
4	the view is unbeatable....Staff could be much much better. Sat at the bar and the bartender didn't know ANYTHING about the menu everything we asked he had to ask other people about....HOWEVER the 1/2 price martinis were delishhhh ...but they really arent 1/2 price they are buy one get one free...which essentially is the same thing BUT you have to get both of them at the same time :( and has to be the same tini....MUST TRY THE BLUE-TINI....incredible!!!!!
5	Came here just because of the Yelp Drinks specials and this is a lot better than I could expect, great drink and unreal view! Plus great service from Irene. I will return again. How could you not come up here, you get a free Stratosphere ride also. The food could use a little expanding on the lounge menu but, I wont take any stars away.
4	Once you actually figure out how to get here it is a very nice bar. It feels like a hidden little spot in the stratosphere, but it's actually kinda the same area you go to when you want to get to the top. I went here for the Yelp Drinks promo. Met up with some cool Yelpers and had a couple of Chocolate Martinis. They were pretty awesome. It's all alcohol and they are a decent size, so you can get a pretty nice buzz going after two, back to back. It was sweet and at first a little too overpowering but your taste buds kinda just adjust to it and then you can enjoy the ride. The ambiance is great. You have the beautiful view of practically the entire Vegas valley, which you should be use to if you go up to the top for any of the rides, or even just go up there to take in the sights. The chairs are comfy, and the lighting is just low enough. The server was friendly. It's a pretty classy and tasteful bar.There are also half priced appetizers from 4-7 along with 2-for-1 Martinis.Will definitely come back here.
5	Wow! I'm impressed. My first time at the top of the Stratosphere, and I did it in style at Level 107. The 360 degree view alone is worth the journey (complete with a metal detector, bag search & elevator ride that holds 10 people at a time) to get to the lounge. The friendly service & the tasty drinks are welcome bonuses. I ordered the Chocolate Masterpiece Martini- Godiva Chocolate Vodka, Godiva Chocolate Liqueur and Godiva White Chocolate Liqueur- from the Yelp Drinks menu. Really delicious without being too sweet- my kind of dessert drink. I also tried a sip of the Mango Madness Cocktail- Malibu Mango Rum, Absolut Mango Vodka, Mango Puree and Orange Juice- which was fruity and mango-y. My favorite part about the lounge is its location. Level 107 is situated above the Top of the World restaurant, which makes for fun people watching. And since the restaurant revolves, there's always a new table to observe. The only part about Level 107 that I wasn't too fond of was the random moments when the floor would shake (probably from the thrill rides outside). I'm sure it's completely safe though. But I'm willing to take the risk again to enjoy the lounge once more.
5	As if Level 107 couldn't get any more perfect, they have an awesome happy hour (1/2 appetizers and 2-for-1 martinis) from 4pm to 7pm. The appetizers I tried were yummy in my tummy:The Chicken Wings (more like Chicken Lollipop/Drummettes) come in 5 and are big and meaty. The "wings" are fried to crispy perfection, and are then covered in a delicious sweet and spicy sauce and drizzled with blue cheese. The Cheese Fondue (blend of cheeses like ricotta and tomato sauce) served with crispy slices of French Bread brushed generously with olive oil- Amazing as it soundsThe Calamari was good, but not great. Some pieces could have been crispier. The sauces (Wasabi cream and spicy/sweet Asian sauce) were good, however. Ahi Tuna Tartare- Tuna slices encase a mound of salad, topped with crispy, thin potato chips. Fresh, good and nice presentation. Our server, Irene, was great! She took care of our large party no problem with charming hospitality. Service alone deserves 5 stars!
3	Mario pointed out how much he likes Level 107.  As I told him, it's not that I don't like Level 107, it's just that I don't see myself going there.  Like ever.  It's got a great view, but the drinks are overpriced, and it's a huge time investment to get there, what with parking, walking across the casino to the elevator, and then going through the metal detector and waiting for the elevator.  It's the kind of place I'd bring a tourist to if they wanted a rad view, but then again I would just rather go to Mix at Mandalay or something with a similar view.
4	Wonderful happy hour and what better ambiance than, oh, ALL of Vegas?I was trying to find a place to kick off last weekend in Vegas and to celebrate my sis-in-law's birthday. Thanks to fellow yelpers, I was very excited to propose that we visit a bar with a view, live jazz, and 2 for 1 martinis. Accessing Level 107 can be an adventure. We took the escalator up to the tower elevators and, perplexed, jumped in line with everyone else going to the top. DO NOT DO THIS. Instead, head to the right where there is a small booth for the Top of the World Restaurant and explain that you're there to visit Level 107 (they should really include Level 107 on the signage to reduce confusion). You'll be ushered in through a different entrance to the right and bypass the crazy security check point and long line. You will have to go through a security check of your own but, again, I doubt you'll have to wait. Once through the entrance and security check point, you'll weave through to an elevator with dedicated access to the restaurant and Level 107. It's actually a nice ride, complete with an attendant who is pleasant and very informative. We learned that the elevator shaft is a dual one and that we actually had a car just above us that was making its trip up. We also learned that we would reach the top in less than a minute (damn me for forgetting the actual stats on this!)  Lastly, you'll also discover that, after your visit to Level 107, you are granted access to the indoor AND outdoor observation decks (sweet- free access to the top!) At the 107th floor, take a quick left and you'll find yourself amazed to see the entire Las Vegas metropolitan area laid out before you (you might also feel a little nauseous if fear of heights or vertigo is your thing). You'll also notice the restaurant one floor below spinning- I avoided watching as it made me slightly dizzy. Anyway, on to the drinks and food (happy hour daily from 4-7). The martini special kicks butt for a few reasons:1. LITERALLY 2-for-1. When you order your martini, you're brought an identical second martini at the same time. No waiting to finish the first before moving on to the second. We ended up with 8 martinis on the table, which made me drunk from just looking at them. 2. Strong drinks. Amongst the 4 there was an order for a dirty martini, a gibson martini, and two gin martinis (one of which ended up being a vodka martini, but whatever). After our first sips, we all knew we were getting hammered because we were basically served 1-2 bottles of liquor in pretty glasses with the vermouth very skimpilly added. All I can say is: Very tasty + Very strong = Very Drunk... and happy. 3. Fairly priced. At about $13 a pop you really pay about $6 for each martini, which, considering how much alcohol you're given, is a pretty damn good deal. We didn't order much food as our priorities mainly concerned the overworking of our livers and planned on drunken buffet dining at Wicked Spoon after, but we did get two items (a shame since they were half off):- Beef Carpaccio: delicious and fresh tasting - Shrimp Cocktail, with a twist: not a good choice to share with a group; but it was decent (3 large shrimp) The drinks and view are the big draws for me. I think the live jazz would have been, too, but there wasn't any playing when we visited. Instead, we got a weird array of music (at least play loungey music?) Aside from the lack of live jazz, we had some trouble ordering food from our waitress who seemed determined to check in and run away as fast as possible, but we got hold of her eventually! Oh, and don't worry about getting hammered. Once you step foot on the outdoor observation deck, you'll get slapped back to sobriety by the wind and breathtaking views. This would be a fabulous spot for viewing at night but, sadly, the bastard sun refused to set while we were there!
3	Not sure about this place.  On one hand, it seems to be a well-kept secret with great views and comfortable seating.  On the other hand, it's a pain in the ass to get to (probably why it's a well-kept secret) and the drinks are so-so.  Plus their happy hour (4-7pm) is like Ruby Tuesday - 2 for 1 martinis but each purchaser must drink both drinks, NO SHARING... what the hell is that about?The food was surprisingly good.  Half-price appetizers between 4-7pm.  I particularly liked the sliders.  The view was awesome. And they have free wifi!  But I don't think I'll be back unless I have tourists in town who want to go to the top of the Stratosphere and save the $18.  Now, if you still want to go, here's how to get there:  Follow the signs to the Tower Level, go up the escalator, and then walk towards the Top of the World restaurant hostess stand.  Nevermind that there is a sign for Level 107 near the entrance for the rides.  You don't want to go that way.  And do not listen to any Stratosphere employees who tell you otherwise.Take a left at the Top of the World hostess stand into a narrow hallway.  You'll pass a photographer's studio and it will feel like you are going the wrong way, but you are not.  Once you reach the cheesy airport security setup, you are almost there!  Prepare for metal detector and bag check.  (So many bars at the top of casinos in this town but this is the only one with a metal detector and bag check... why?) Once you are through security, wait for the elevator and mentally prepare yourself for the canned speech the elevator operators will give you.Getting out is another issue entirely.  Once you get off the elevator and escalator back to the second level of the tower, there is no escalator or stairs down to the casino floor.  So you have to squeeze into an elevator and take it one floor down.  There's an elevator operator in there too, who will chat you up, but they don't have much to say because it's only one floor.  Then you are free.  Escape!  Escape the Stratosphere!
3	So, as to be expected, it's expensive to dine and drink up there, but the views are pretty crazy.  The wait staff were helpful. Because I wasn't interested in spending 40 dollars on a cup of soup this time, I had the sliders. 12 bucks and very good. Turns out, for a mere 99 dollars, one can base jump off of the 109th floor of the stratosphere tower. I wasn't aware of this when I sat down for some drinks, so when I was having a conversation with a friend and saw a human body falling past my window, I almost had a heart attack.  All was good, though the adrenaline rush pretty much killed my buzz.Security was very ridged getting up to the tower, so don't mess with them.
5	Now that I have been here for happy hour and actually sampled the food, it is time for an update.The happy hour here is a fantastic deal (and lasts from 4pm to 7pm). All martinis are 2-for-1 and all appetizers are 1/2 half. 5 stars.I must confess that I previously just came here for the view and vibe (totally 5 stars), not for the drinks and food. But all of that has changed. The martinis are oh so fab (the Mango Madness is my favorite - 5 stars) and the appetizers are a great quick bite (especially at 1/2 off).Being me, I, naturally, went right for the chicken wings. They were done sorta lollipop-style. The wings were huge and looked like they were butterflied. And the whole wing (lollipop bone and all) was breaded and fried. The sauce had a nice kick to it (one size fits all - no mild, medium, or hot options). It was spicy, but had a lot of sweetness to it. And instead of serving a side of dipping sauce, the wings were topped with blue cheese crumbles. It was a really nice preparation and the wings were quite tasty. 4 stars.So yeah, Level 107 just keeps on delivering awesomeness. And the bartenders are really nice and friendly too.
5	This was an awesome experience. The drinks were stiff & the appetizers we had were deliciously prepared. Compliments to our server "Irene" as she was very well poised, humorous & very well informed of the menu. We received exceptional service hope to return for another magical night.
5	I showed up on a beautiful day, mid-sunset and in full happy hour mode.   It wasn't a weak martini, and the sights even to a jaded local are spectacular -- if you haven't seen the city light up once, that's a crime.
3	I didn't appreciate the two-mile walk through the Circus Circus-like shopping arcade to get to the elevator up to Level 107.  I was there a couple of years ago and didn't have to do this, so when we left this time and didn't have to retrace our initial path, I was doubly pissed.  By the time we got up to 107, I was more than ready for that chocolate martini.  And it was delicious!  The view, of course, is amazing.  The martini, at YelpDrinks pricing, was fabulous.  I'll go back a) with out-of-town visitors  b) on a Thursday night, since I wouldn't pay the bloated regular price, and c) only after using Google Maps to find the shortcut to that elevator.  I will NOT subject myself to the arcade hike ever again.
4	Level 107 offers a great selection of martinis and exquisite appertizer menu. From 4-7pm every day they have a Happy Hour with 50% of martinis and appertizers which makes it even more appealing. Thuursday -Sunday they have a band playing. I like their relaxing atmosphere and with the right seat you can enjoy a great view of the city.
4	I notice a lot of people have trouble getting to Level 107. Just remember this: YOU DON'T HAVE TO WALK THROUGH THE MALL. There's an unmarked elevator on the first (casino) level that goes right up to the end of the mall, across from the Level 107 entrance at the base of the tower elevators. It looks like one of the elevators to the hotel rooms, but unlike the rest of those, it stops at the mall level. Ask any of the employees where it is -- they should be able to help you.Once you get to restaurant entrance, don't stand in line with everyone who's riding the rides. Go to the right side (where the podium is) and around through security.I haven't eaten there, but the happy hour is excellent: 2-for-1 drinks. And (of course) it's the best view in town.
4	It's a really quiet and relaxing place to go. Getting there was a bit hard because the elevators to the top are located at a hidden place. But once u get up there the view is totally worth it and their drinks are pretty good. I give it 4 stars
4	Breathtaking view of the city, great happy hour deals (half-off appetizers and 2-for-1 martini drinks). This bar located on the 107th floor of the Stratosphere is a great place to go for an escape from the bustle and hustle of the Strip when you're in Vegas. I would recommend going after dusk (for an amazing view of Vegas at night when you're perched atop one of the tallest if not the tallest building in the city), although happy hour ends at 7. Visible from the 360-degree bar include downtown, the Strip, the airport, and other areas in the vicinity. Immediately below the 107 lounge is Stratosphere's revolving restaurant on the 106th floor, and one floor above is Air Bar on the 108th floor.
4	This is one of my favorite Happy Hours in town.  You can't beat the view.  It's a little tricky to find but well worth it.   My favorite items were the Duck Sliders and the Lollipop Chicken Wings.  The only negative to me is that even though it's two for one martinis you have to order the same one.  Not only that but they bring them at the same time.  The tables are too small for that.  And half the fun of trying martinis is sampling.  If they didn't frown on sharing that wouldn't be so bad.  But the live music is a nice touch too!
4	This is the way to do the Stratosphere tower!  Don't EVER think of paying to take the elevator up.  What you pay to take the elevator up will buy you a drink in the lounge.  Once you have enjoyed your beverage, you then can go to the observation deck for free and/or rides (which do cost various amounts).My first time to the Lounge was in the evening and the views were absolutely fantastic.  This time we decided to go for their Happy Hour (4-7pm).  The views aren't as good, but you can't beat these deals!Martinis are 2 for 1.  Please understand that this doesn't mean 1/2 price!  This means that they will bring you two of whatever you order.  Not a problem- Just make sure that your drinking partner orders something you like and each drink one of each others.  We had the pomegranate martini and the chocolate martini.  Both were fantastic and a steal at $6 a piece (after the happy hour deal).Appetizers are also half price.  We were shocked at how much we enjoyed the duck sliders.  Neither of us are big fans of duck because it is generally chewy.  These were perfect.  We also had the tomato fondue.  Great as well.  Our waitress was incredibly friendly.  She actually sat down and chatted with us for a minute and even offered to take a picture.The hidden highlight of the Level 107 Lounge is that it is directly below the SkyJump.  If you don't know what this is, it is where crazy people jump off the top of the Stratosphere and plunge 108 stories down hopefully stopping just before they become a pancake on the sidewalk.  Though the idea of doing this myself causes stomach in mouth convulsions, I really enjoyed watching people fly past the bar window every 5 minutes or so.  This is a great first stop before dinner and partying!
5	I came here for the view, which is absolutely worth the elevator ride, the price of a drink, and the hassle of going through a metal detector to get there. The view is just spectacular, the drinks are strong and the bartenders are very good. The coolest thing is looking out the window and waiting to see the bungee jumpers drop by the window.
4	I went here for happy hour and it was FANTASTIC.  The food was good! I wasnt sure what I wanted to drink, so the bartender ask me what like to drink.  Then she told me to trust her...am I glad I did you made me a wonderful mint lemon drop!!!  Lisa you ROCK!!!  No, it wasn't hard to find the elevator.I highly recommend this wonderful lounge!!!
5	Very cool place here for happy hour 2 4 1 martini's had the duck sliders were delicious.
4	Great happy hour, great sunset view, but bring your ear plugs, the Singer is terribly off key.5 stars when the band improves.
4	The views and the live music combined was really pure heaven.Took off a star because of a strange sale on martinis that leads to folks getting over served. The waitress brought two drinks instead of the one we ordered ...4 total. She said the second drink was free....but no sharing? ...?.. If you miss this place while in Vegas, it would be a shame, it's great.
5	It's been .... what... 18 years?? since I step foot on Stratosphere and that was early 90s. I heard about renovations etc, still my venture never go that far to that side of LV.  Until my singing-bird of a sis-in-law got a gig at the Level 107 Lounge in October 2011. Now that the city is built as far as the eyes can see to the horizon, the view from the top is spectacular. It's not a rotating platform restaurant (Thank Gawd!!) - I always find that kinda thing houkee and gives me headache. Anyway, go there for the Happy Hour - on the special is the martinis. You can't go wrong with 2-for-1 martinis and half price appetizers. And try not to share the martinis :)The food they serve here deserve a 5-stars. It's not your typical bar food, but really, proper, nicely presented, good restaurant food. I was there with 2 other people and we ordered quite a lot from the menu. None of them can incite bad comments from me. Starting with the fried calamari, Ahi Tuna salad, lamb, cheese platter, and the highlight: Roasted Tomato Fondue -- this is a must if you plan to hang out and have something to eat and share. Ask for extra bread. They will happily accommodate.Great ambiance, comfortable couches, you can just sit there staring out the window and enjoying the evening.So, provided you don't have fear of heights, I say go there and check it out. The view, the drinks, food, the music and occasional flash of bodies falling from the roof (level 109).
5	This lounge is on the 107th floor in the stratosphere hotel. The view is the best view of vegas,I would recommend going at night.They have a great happy hour where the appetizers are 1/2 off and the martinis are two for the price of one. The drinks were great and the food was even better.Our waitress was nice and attentive. Level 107 is a little off the beaten path of the strip since it is in the stratosphere but worth spending a few bucks in cab fare to get there. PS- The view is a 360 degree view of vegas.
5	I have nothing but great things to say about this place. The food is amazing. We probably ate everything on the appetizer list and they all made it into my "Favorites" category. Bobby was our bartender and he pours with a heavy hand. Don't let his shaky demeanor fool you; He's awesome. The view was unbelievable and you can find a great view from any table. There's a Happy Hour from 4-7pm and half price apps..which you really can't beat. I would be a total regular if I lived close by.
5	Obviously gorgeous views - and from one side, you get to see all the skydivers who jump off every 10 minutes or so which is pretty fun. The 2 special martinis on the menu are pretty yummy (blueberry, chocolate).  They also have a LOT of other basic flavors of  martini. Happy hour from 4-7 gave us 2 of each, which came out to $26 for 4 excellent drinks + free admission up the tower.  Pretty damn good deal!
4	I was recently here for a college alumni event and I have to admit I was surprised we were doing a happy hour event at the Stratosphere...Stratosphere?? However, I ate my words. Although the decor is a bit dated, this lounge is definitely a hidden gem on the Strip.If you don't want the glitz and look-at-me vibe of cocktails at Champagne Bar or other lounge cocktail venues on the Strip, Level 107 Lounge is a good choice. The decor and lighting are dark and the view from the 107th floor is gorgeous. Like others have mentioned, the happy hour specials consisted of 2 for 1 martinis and half off appetizers. I had dinner plans for later that night so I just went to the event for some cocktails and they did not disappoint. Order the mango martinis! YUM!
4	Came here after having dinner at top of the world.  I had a great time here, the staff was super friendly and the drinks were excellent.  If you want to enjoy the view from the stratosphere but don't want to pay to eat at Top of the world, this is a great way to experience it!
3	Happy hour warning! Their 2 for 1 Martinis means you each get two! If you order the real thing, that's a lot of alcohol so be prepared. My husband and I each ordered a martini and were not pleased to get 4. Even if you can handle that much alcohol, the first one wasn't terribly cold so by the time we got to the second it was way too warm.On the other hand, it was a pretty good martini other than the temp.  And the calamari was the best I've ever had.
3	We went to Level 107 lounge last night due to the overwhelming amazing yelp reviews.  We were not disappointed, but we were not over the top impressed either.  It is true, the martini specials are 2 for 1, but don't bother looking at the regular menu.  They have a special list that they present you with and the list looks like a toothache.  If you are looking to get your daily fruit intake then this is the place.  The list included, apple, pomegranate, mango, and every other fruit under the rainbow as well as the traditional martini, cosmopolitan and the manhattan.  After ordering the manhattan we were told that the manhattan is no longer apart of the 2 for 1 list.  Anyways, we  enjoyed the chicken wings, had about 12 martinis and enjoyed the view.  The service was decent and for the price we paid it was worth it!! Just be prepared for the limited martini menu.
4	Perfect place for a drink in the late afternoon. Service is good. Prices are reasonable. Sure you may get a bit dizzy - but you will see the whole city and love it! Oh wait - the best part - awesome swizzle sticks!
4	I came here on a Friday late night for some deserts, cocktails and the view. First, I didn't want to have first visit here because it's located inside Stratosphere. My brother kinda dragged me here that night and kept promising me I would have fun. I was impressed by the 360 degrees view of strip after I walked into the lounge. They also got live band to entertain people sitting in lounge. What I like the most about this place besides the breathtaking views is you can order appetizers and deserts from fine dinning restaurant "Top of the World" (which is just one floor below the lounge) I think this is the perfect spot when you are just craving some nice seared foie gras and deserts paired with some wine and not planning to pay big check from fine dinning restaurants. (if you know what I am talking about) They also have 2-for-1 martinis and half-off appetizers from 4pm to 7pm, nightly during happy hour.
4	Was introduced to a little secret in Vegas last night thanks to Yelp! Getting up to the top of the Stratosphere can be hassle free when you go grab a drink at Level 107. This is a cool little cocktail lounge that has some of the best views you can find anywhere. Being at the Stratosphere has its pros and cons. The major pro obviously being you have a stunning view of Las Vegas. The major con being you are still at the Stratosphere. While they have "renovated" the Stratosphere, it hasn't fixed the crowds that it attracts, nor the neighborhood that surrounds it. It also doesn't change the fact that it is in a bit of an awkward place between the main strip and downtown Vegas. But, all things considered, Level 107 lounge is a huge bonus and a reason to visit the Stratosphere.We had a few drinks that were very good and enjoyed the views. We took a look at the menu but had already eaten so decided to stick to drinks. The menu was nice and had some good options for a small lounge. The bartenders were friendly and talked to us while making our drinks.The one downfall for me was the kind of awkward layout of the lounge due to its location. Obviously in a building like that, there is only so much space you have to work with so I understand the challenge there.From reading other reviews it seems I need to try the chocolate martini the next time I'm there. I will be using this as another awesome place to take people visiting from out of town!
5	Pricey but worth every penny.  Breath--taking view.  Love watching the jumpers as well.  Food also phenomenal.
4	This rating is for happy hour, great food and 2 for 1 martinis is awesome.  I have been a few times and never had an issue with sharing my martinis with a date.  Great view, relaxing and appetizers that are normally awesome but overpriced, are now priced perfectly.  Only reason it cant get 5 stars is its a pain in the butt to get to. Once your up there, this is one of the best happy hours not known about in town.
5	I've only been up here maybe 4 times in the last 5 years but I say it to my wife everytime we're there.  "We should come here more often!"But I'm not crazy about the rest of the Stratosphere from the non-walkable distance to anything else on the strip to the depressing faux-Chinese (wtf?) shopping area you walk through to get to the elevator to the lack of great dining options.  That's the hold up.  It's a totally different story once you get up to Level 107 though.  The vibe is one of a kind for Vegas and the drink selection is pretty decent.  They're also surprisingly strong. I strongly recommend taking out of towners here, especially if it's their first time to Sin City.  Happy hour with a sunset would be terrific.
3	Pros: Hands down, the view. It's amazing how small everything looks from the top.  The Strip doesn't seem so long and the casinos look a lot closer together.  Also, wow, the golf course behind the Wynn looks amazing! The food and drinks during happy hour are good. It's still pricey but comparable for the Strip. Only martinis are half price during happy hour. I had a mango martini, which was good.Cons: Getting to the tower is kind of a pain. The elevator ride up was also a bit scary. It was rattling and loud - two words I do not want to combine with an elevator ride, particularly one that goes that high. As one co-worker put it, it's like being in Tower of Terror at Disneyland.  Thankfully, the elevator guy didn't seem alarmed (in fact, he may have been asleep), so he and the older couple heading to Top of the World kept me from having a panic attack. Overall, it was a fun experience, I think mainly because of the view. The food and drinks were okay, but not something I'm sure I'll go back to anytime soon.
5	I think this would be the perfect place to take a date for drinks. It sits on top of the Top of the World restaurant.  The view is beautiful and the music isn't too loud. You don't have to yell in order for someone to hear you. The drinks are also mixed well . I ordered a fruity drink ...I don't recall the name but it was delicious!  I hate when I order a drink and all the alcohol hits me all at once...ugh! The seating is also comfy which makes you feel more at home than most bars.
4	Amazing view, amazing martinis! I will be back, oh yes... I recommend a bread basket (yes, bread.. sooo good!) Duck sliders and mango martini... delicioso!
5	This a charming lounge with incredible views and a great happy hour with 1/2 off appetizers and 2 for 1 martinis.  My first ever blueberry martini, and gosh darn was it tasty and refreshing!
5	Strike another one from the Bookmarks list.I think about the things that attract me to any given bar:* a good cocktail list (check: 107 has a decent selection of martinis and specialty cocktails)* bargains (check: 2 for 1 martinis, 5-7 every night) *something old-timey or vintage (check: it's the Stratosphere, for God's sake! Check out the neighborhood...)*a hip atmosphere (not quite, but everything else makes up for it. The clientele here run the gamut from young midwesterners ordering Long Islands to a tour bus load of old ladies to me and B - good-looking, trendy, but not hipster, locals who enjoy a good cocktail, obviously!)*a view (check, check, triple check! This place is on the 107th floor, with windows all around so you can see everything from North Town to Sunrise Mountain to Red Rock...oh, and The Strip, too)Level 107 delivers on most accounts, and it's not very well-known, so you feel like you've find some kind of diamond in the rough, too. From now on, I will be taking discerning out-of-towners and interested locals here regularly!
4	Great place for me and my 40+ friends to hang, chill, laugh, listen to sultry jazz over-looking Sin City.  There are a few distraction like the other reviewers have stated, however once you are there and settle in to the view, you forget all about it.  This place definitely has SWAGGLVCPLS
5	absolutely worth experiencing while in vegas, but be warned, if you do not go during happy hour, your bill will be astronomical...just like the stratosphere (i know, lame). the ambiance was really chill, and the views...breath taking (duh). the martini's, especially the chocolate whatever, were really good, considering i am not one to publicly order/drink a martini. The appetizers were spot on, especially the buffalo chicken wings and cheese fondu. you must filter your way through a strip-mall style atmosphere in order to reach the tower entrance, however; there is a "secretive" elevator you can take to the top, which made me feel sort of VIP. the elevator operator's were very friendly and talkative, which definitely enhanced the experience. i will definitely be going back the next time i am in vegas.
4	The view, the view, the view.  You don't need to know anything more than that.  Seeing the whole valley from this high up is really spectacular.Fortunately, the old-school cocktail lounge has plenty of other charm as well.  Yes, it looks a little dated, but not in a dirty or worn-out way.  It's retro-chic.  It could certainly use a refresh, but making it look like Wynn would actually be a step down.  There are so few places left on the Strip that are reminiscent of days past, and this is a welcome retreat.As everyone else has suggested, I went for the happy hour special.  While I have paid $14 for a martini in the past, I much prefer paying $14 for TWO martinis.  The only catch here is that you have to get two of the same kind and they are both served immediately.  This is kind of a bummer for martinis and manhattans since the second one will be room temperature when you start it.The drinks are strong, theyre big, and they do the job.  We sampled the duck banh mi sliders, and they were fantastic.  There was a little too much bread that was a little too soft (by banh mi standards anyway), but otherwise the meat and veggies were great.  Overall this was a great way to spend the early evening.  I've already decided that I will return, and I hope to find an occasion to dress up a little since this place seems like it needs to be more classy.  Definitely check it out, you won't be disappointed.
4	Bar was fast, and quick for drinks, bartender wasn't very chatty but whatever. The view is beautiful! I'd love to come back here some time!
2	This pertains to the happy hour menu.The Skinny: poor execution despite the good quality of the ingredients (2.5) the service was okay but the view is awesome! (3) value: probably would just get the roasted tomato cheese fondue and call it a day - everything else was a dud (2.5).I have a general rule of thumb when it comes to eating out. And that rule is this: if a place has an amazing view, the food ain't gonna be that great. Unfortunately Level 107 comes into this category.To repeat what other Yelpers are saying about how to get here: you need to check in  at the Top of the World Restaurant conceirge desk so you can skip the line of people heading up the Strat. The conceirge desk will direct you to a much shorter security line. Given the ease of getting up the Strat, it really makes sense to hit the 107 for a drink if you want to check the Stratosphere out instead of waiting in this long line just to get up there.Once we got there, we gorged ourselves because quite frankly we were starving. We ordered the roasted tomato/cheese fondue, the Tower trio, and the Vietnamese sliders (Banh mi). FYI-portion sizes are generous.I hate to say it but the Vietnamese sliders were a complete fail. Where's the crusty bread? Where's the cilantro? Where's the lovely crunchy pickled veggies? Where's the well seasoned meat inside? The anemic, flavourless little sandwiches do not qualify as a banh mi. The bun was overly soft, the duck was bland and tough and was quite frankly overwhelmed by the limp shredded daikon/carrot pickle. A fail. Would definitely pass of this item.Next, we tried their Tower trio --- and it just didn't work. Too many discordant flavours melding together and the textural violation of the anemic scallops make this dish a pass. The foie gras was okay but was lost in the overly sweet sauce.Personally, the true favourite of the night was the tomato fondue - the lovely smoky taste of tomato matched really well with the cheese. Served with some crostini it is something I would definitely order again.Given what we tried here, I would say that we are not likely to come back for the food with the exception of the tomato fondue and only if it is happy hour. If it's going to be the novelty of getting one of the nicer views in Vegas, then stopping by the lounge for happy hour is the way to to do it.
4	I called a couple of hours in advance to make a reservation for a party of 9. In speaking with the manager, she said they usually require 24 hours, but she said they would be likely slow and worked to accommodate our needs. We had rented a party bus, and this would be our first stop on our way to Fremont St. She had a special on a bottle of vodka for $100. Sounded like a great deal, so she had the table prepped and ready for us. What she didn't tell me was the vodka was flavored, but it mixed well, and was still a great value. Overall, was very pleased with our experience. Thanks to the management!
4	5 stars for the views.  who can beat the stratosphere for that!but $9.50 for a well drink???  a tiny vodka cranberry to be exact!and we had to ASK them to bring a lime put in it!  3 stars for unreasonable prices!  i don't care if they have to bring the ingredients up an elevator.  it's not like they have to walk up the tower!
4	This bar/lounge sits on the 107th floor of the Stratosphere tower. The views are unreal, amongst the best in Las Vegas. The room itself is quite airy, and not cramped at all. The food was great. Happy hour features  2 for one martinis and half price appetizers. They often have live music, check the website. I recommend you go up have a drink or three and then hit the observation deck. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	I love this place because:1)The happy hour specials are worth the trip (2 for 1 martinis)!2) The incredible view of the Strip and city from the lounge is outstanding = great ambiance. 3)Also, the food is good and reasonably priced.4)The staff have been nice each time we've visited. :)
5	Gorgeous views, one of a kind experience!Hit up the happy hour for 2 for 1 martinis and half off apps. I've been here twice and each time was the same friendly, near flawless service from the capable and kind cocktail wait staff.Last time was on Saturday night - we got to enjoy the sparkling view and catch a few glimpses of bungee jumpers falling in front of the windows from above.We opted for a first round of specialty martinis and then finished up with dirty Bombay martinis along with the shrimp cocktail and lobster mango ceviche,  pork belly and sliders.All extra yummy! Intimate, low key vibe - good for groups or just a romantic drink.10 out of 10 - would bang!
5	This place is a bit of hassle to find and go to. Once you do find the place, the view is pretty spectacular. Best view of the Strip and surrounding areas of the Strip. I immediately started taking pictures and my friend said, don't you live here? I was acting like a tourist. I couldn't get over how amazing the view is. I did feel a bit dizzy though since I do not like high places and the bar would shake a little which startled me. lol. The bar also rotates a little which is pretty neat.  So anyway, my friends and I went for their happy hour. We ordered a few appetizers and drinks. I liked their jumbo shrimp cocktail with mango lobster avocado ceviche the best. I would definitely go back for that. The other appetizers were alright-calamari and tomato cheese fondue with bread. My friend ordered the vanity martini which is a gin martini rimmed with pop rocks (one of my favorite childhood candies). It was good. I liked his drink better than my mango cocktail.Service was professional and all the staff we talked to were friendly. The manager stopped by our table to ask if everything was ok. I like it when they do that. Heh.I would definitely go back for the view,  excellent service, the shrimp cocktail, and the half price martinis.
5	Excellent bar - happy with the service and atmosphere.  The cocktails and the appetizers were delicious.  The view was awesome.  Will definitely be back for the specials.
5	AMAZING! without a doubt, the best (and highest) bar in las vegas. keep your swanky clubs at pretentious hotels, as level 107 beats them hands down. u just can't beat the view, u can't. no contest, game over man, you lose cosmopolitan. the happy hour is, and will forever be, the bread and butter of this bar. our bill was $225, yet was cut in half due to the happy hour special. our waittress, Irene, was incredibly friendly and caring. she complimented me on my eyes, so she gets extra props! the food was spot on, again; however, a $19 shrimp cocktail should have more than three shrimp, but it was half off. my favorite martini is still the chocolate concoction with the raw sugar around its rim, but the rasperry beret comes in second. wtf, i tried them all, and they are all good. i will probably never visit vegas w/out hittin' up Lounge 107...it's just that good. after eating and drinking too much, we went on the insanity claw ride, which was also awesome. it's $15 to ride, but it's something you should try once. and no, i don't think it's odd that i was the only one raising my hands and smiling/laughing during the entire ride.
5	This bar has a great happy hour.All apps are 1/2 off and Specialty Martini's are 2 for 1 which is fab.The calamari was delicious as well as the portabella mushroom.  The cheese plate they have give you large serviings of cheeses and the sliders were OK. Martini's, I dont think you can go wrong with them.The view is great and the service is also great.  I would make this a requirement if you are staying at the Strat.  This bar is just nice and you can't beat the view from the top!
4	After working the National Show for Pet Retailers I looked on Yelp for a place to head to before my red-eye flight.  Having never been to the Stratosphere previously I honestly didn't have any preconceptions before arriving and valet parking the rental car.The great thing about Level 107 Lounge is the view.  Seriously all the prior reviews that keep boosting about the view just don't begin to give you an idea of how fantastic the views are when you step off the elevator.   I took a billion photos.  Had a couple glasses of wine, an appetizer and salad = all very well done and the service was excellent. Sometimes when you are you eating by yourself you can be easily forgotten but that night (09/13/12) the waitress was excellent.  The added bonus - you can take the elevator for free up to the top level and walk around the outside observation deck and the views (again, sorry) are fantastic.  Will definitely make it a destination whenever I go with friends to Las Vegas.
4	Finding something cheap in Vegas is hard. Finding something free-- that's impossible, right? Well, thanks to Yelp, we found both "free" and "cheap"... and delicious, too.Here's what you need to know. You can pay about $20 a head to ride the elevator to the top of the Stratosphere. Or you can ride for free... in the VIP line. All you have to do is tell the concierge for the (expensive) Top of the World restaurant that you want to go to the Level 107 Lounge. You'll be put in a waiting room very briefly, and then you'll ride to the top. For free. Instantly.Make sure to arrive when the lounge opens (at 4pm as of this writing) so that you can get  a seat with a view of the Strip and the occasional bungee jumper.  The other thing you need to know is that Happy Hour runs from 4-7pm, and during it, you can get buy-one-get-one-free cocktails (do note that they have to be the same variety). Our cocktails were fine, and stronger than the ones we had at much more expensive bars. Also important to note is that the appetizers are half off during Happy Hour. We had awesome smoky tomato fondue. When you're done eating, you can ride to the inside observation deck, and then ride still higher to the outside observation deck. All for free. Awesome.
2	The only way I can describe my experience here is strange. Really, really, strange.Everyone in the hotel seemed confused about how to get to the lounge (about as confused as I was as to what the theme of this hotel was supposed to be). We waited in a line to get to the top which was the wrong line, and then finally stumbled into the correct elevator of doom. It felt a little like a horror movie. I couldn't understand what the man working the elevator was saying other than something about how it was "windy tonight" right before we were going up 107 floors. Awesome.I was so happy to make it to the top. Really. I was seeing my life flash before me. The view is absolutely stunning, probably the most fantastic view of the strip. Unfortunately, once you see the view and take a seat, the strange-ness continues. It took way too long for a cocktail server to notice us, and then she explained the happy hour menu in the most confusing way possible: two for one martinis, but we could split the two for one, but if we did that, we'd have to do the same flavor, like he'd get two of one flavor, and I'd get two of one flavor, and the confusing explanation went on and on, and I was quite relieved to see the couple sitting next to us looked equally perplexed. After no one came back for our order, we moved to the bar, where a bartender who seemed very confused in general, not just about the menu, took our order. He mixed a box juice martini in front of us, spilling the extras, and then realizing he had only made half a martini each, refilled his drink mixer with soda water, pouring it into our glass after shaking it a minute. A happy hour appetizer that we ordered came out about 1/2 hour to 45 minutes later. It was supposed to be a fondue, but it really tasted like microwave tomato sauce and stale garlic bread.So we took the elevator back down and I was even more scared this time because there were more people, and I thought it was going to turn into one of those single location thrillers on an elevator where everyone in the elevator is trying to guess who the killer is.
5	Located on the 107th floor of the Stratosphere Tower, this bar offers the best view available of the Strip.  I have been to some other places that have great Strip views like the Palms tower.  This one is the best. The place has a relaxed attitude, and is definitely not full of young, drunk fist pumpers like so many other places in Vegas.  They have live music that is not too loud, and just the right mood for a few drinks before or after dinner.  It is a great place to take a date.  It is also a great place to go with friends before going out at night on the strip or to a show.
4	Off-peak season + noontime + weekday = an empty Level 107 Lounge. But it's okay, we weren't looking for anything but a reason to say that we had drinks at the top of the Stratosphere.We sat down and the gruff bartender greeted us with a, "What do ya want?" Actually, what he said before that was to ask for ID because we look like middle schoolers BUT WHATEVER, that's beside the point. We spotted a lychee liqueur and asked him what he could make with it. He took the bottle in his hands, stared at it, and shrugged. Okay, so why is it prominently displayed on the shelf right behind you? I was about to suggest a lychee martini but alas! He redeemed himself as he started listing ingredients for a drink he made up off the top of his head and we agreed that it sounded good. I can't remember for the life of me what he put in it (I know, I'm so helpful) but it was great and he charged us reasonably. The only problem was that it was so easy to drink and it was in a large cup - I didn't realize until I got up from the bar how potent it was. I'm not the type of person to get buzzed after one drink but I got a good one out of this.Next time I'm in town, I'll try this place out at night for drinks and the view.
4	We just returned home after 4 days in Vegas. 2 nites in a row we were at Level 107. We loved it. There were 7 of us. Great service, the food(appetizers) we very good and the martinis great. 2 for 1 on martinis, 50% off appetizers. I'm usually not a martini drinker, but the caramel and the raspberry were very good. Go there, you'll have great drinks, service and a nice group of friendly people working there.
4	This is the perfect place to take someone who has never been to Las Vegas. It's a unique experience that can be done for very cheap. I'd recommend going at sunset for three reasons:1) The view is fantastic. The sun sets behind the mountains, which gives them a glow as the city begins to light up.2) 2 for 1 happy hour from 4 to 7 PM. This applies to martinis and appetizers only. Keep in mind that they bring both of your drinks at once, which makes things more fun.3) The dining room on the 106th floor is bustling at dinner time and, yes, it rotates. Lean over the railing and check out the rotating clientele but be careful, you might experience some vertigo.A few other things to note:1) Live jazz!2) Bungee jumpers will occasionally fly past the window.3) The elevator that takes you to 107 is incredibly fast. It's not for those with weak stomachs.4) The Deuce is an easy way to get there. Stratosphere has it's own bus stop.
5	Happy hour for martinis and Appetizers.  Melissa was a fantastic server and the live music was great.  View is awesome.
5	Its touristy but the views are awesome.  We had some apps and 2-1 martini's, while we watched the sunset.  Great evening!
4	I finally made it up to Level 107. It's literally one of the best deal in Las Vegas. How could it not be? * When you go up there = free admission to Stratosphere. After you are done with your happy hour you can go to the observation deck for free. * Delicious happy hour food. We pretty much inhaled ours and wanted more.* 2 for 1 Martinis from 4-7 pm and they will bring both at once. I think they want you to chug! chug! chug!Service was just so so, however it's a great spot to people watch since this lounge is literally above Top of The World Restaurant. You will get to see a lot of hair lines and bald spots. Fun place, delicious food, and outstanding view = Level 107.
3	Fun and a little disconcerting to watch the dining floor down below spin...you sorta wonder if you already had too much to drink.  Food was fine, but the raw oysters was incredible!  Pricey about $3 for one, but you're paying for the view in addition to the food quality.  Service was fine.  Waitress was a cute lady who was all over the place.  Duck sliders are no longer available?  Waitress told us that, but seeing the dates on the reviews, I think she must be confused.
5	Go before the sun starts to set, so you can get a good set!As others say - you can see the dinning room spin below you!Depending where you sit, you can see straight down the strip and see the lights turn on!Staff is really friendly and helpful, i was doing the stair climb the next day - so i said - this is crazy but can i have a shirly temple - the bartender didn't blink an eye and said sure thing! He even offered up the 2 for 1 deal for me! Too cute! The view, even from behind the bar, was nice!!Definitely stop in, enjoy a beverage and the view!
5	Want a affordable club where you can talk to your friends, enjoy some light jazz and r&b, and get a tasty drink (or two)...all with a view?This is the place. Happy hour offers 2 for 1 on some drinks and discounted apps. View of the city is astounding and the music was spot on.Class act musicians that keep their volume low, but know how to play/sing.And don't be fooled, there's no cover.Can't wait to go back.
1	The food is absolute garbage.  Period.  Anyone who says otherwise knows nothing about good food.  Happy hour menu is exceptionally bad.  Nice view, but that's about it.  Don't eat there.
4	Consistently great food and service at reasonable prices. And the best view on the Strip!
2	I am definitely going to have to disagree with the rave reviews.  I guess it depends on what you are looking for.  I stayed at the Cosmopolitan and have to say that the Stratosphere is..ghetto.  Cheap looking.  The same applies for the lounge.  It does have a nice view, but it is not worth going there for it.  It is far from the main strip.  I would also point out that the restaurant adds a 25% gratuity to each check- so the "great" prices are not so great.  The appetizer menu is sub par. For a bit more, you can enjoy the upscale ambiance, service and convenience associated with the high end bars in the best hotels on the Strip.
4	Went to Level 107 on a recent visit since we were at Encore and it was a short cab ride away.  Went for HH (of course) and had a chocolate-raspberry martini and enjoyed some music.  I agree with a PP who said the appetizer menu isn't great, but we ordered some stuffed peppers and they were good.  Also, the view is best experienced from the observation deck (which is free from the lounge).  The strip is pretty far away so my pics from the Eiffel Tower were better, but the overall experience at Level 107 was more fun.  Definitely worth a stop if you're in the area.One thing to know is that during 2-for-1 HH, you get both drinks at once so hubby and I just agreed on what drink we would order and then split them.
4	Came here on our way up to the thrill rides to have a few drinks and convince ourselves that going on the rides was a good idea.  We got here during happy hour (4-6 pm).  They advertise 2 for 1 martinis along with half price appetizers, however they actually offer any cocktail 2 for 1.  The atmosphere is relaxing and the service was good.  We had 6 people there for about 2 and a half hours, ordered 5 appetizers and somewhere around 30 drinks between all of us, the bill which would have been $425 was half price so we walked out for under $220 before a tip.  In Vegas that was a steal for the amount of food and drinks we got.  Only complaint is the waitress didn't ask about splitting the bill and brought it out as one check, then took a half hour to get everything split up when we asked, so to be safe I would recommend letting them know up front if you want more than one check.On another note that I failed to mention, the 2 for 1 cocktails have to be the same drink so you can't order a vodka cranberry and get a martini free etc.  You order a martini and you get 2 and then you can change up your drink on your next order, but you will always get 2 of the same drink at the same time.
2	The good: Delicious drinks, decent happy hour prices and an amazing view.The bad: Terrible service! 4 of us went for happy hour, and we told the waitress before we ordered anything that we wanted separate checks. She said that because of how their system worked, it would be easier for her to split it up at the end. At the end of the meal she brought us a single check. We gave her our various payment methods and asked her to charge us for what we had ordered. She had no idea who had ordered what, so we grabbed a pen and wrote out each persons name, payment method, and a list of what they had ordered. She took the list and came back with 4 checks, but they were not split up correctly. Apparently because of how their system works, she was not able to split up 4 of the same cocktail into 2 on each check. We asked her to move something from one check to another to make it close enough, but she told us that because she had already split it up once, she would need her manager to split it up again, and her manager was downstairs (107 floors below). After waiting for the manager for a few minutes, we just paid the checks as they were because we were tired of waiting.It would have been a different story if we had asked her for split checks at the end of the meal, but we specifically told her before we began ordering that we wanted to pay separately. Unless their computer system is really so deficient that it can't handle multiple checks at one table, she should have kept the checks separate in the first place as we requested, instead of telling us it would be easier to split at the end. Clearly, it was not. We ended up wasting half an hour trying to pay for what we ordered, and we still left having paid the wrong checks.
4	Great place to hang out after the pinup show or before or after dinner.2 for 1 drinks really get this bar going. Bar staff is actually pretty good. It's too bad the bar is located away from the window, because it would be nice to look out at the view.I had a dirty martini and it was quite good. Only downside is the bar is kind of small, there's not a lot of room to sit at the bar. Although it seemed like there was a lot of bar tables.
3	The views and the atmosphere are amazing. I have lived in Las Vegas for five years and I can't believe this is the first time I have been there.They appetizers we had were good... Nothing to brag about though.The drinks... Let's just say my dirty martini was pure olive juice (and I normally like them dirty). I told the waitress and she gladly had them re-make it (re-using the old one...), and then it tasted like pure vodka!The place is pricey, but that is expected at the strip. We went at happy hour - half off appetizers and two for one drinks (You get two of the same drinks at once)
5	One of the best places to go with friends for drinks and food.  Great view and not too loud.We love to take friends because we can carry on conversations.We go during happy hour for the 1/2 price food and drinks.  Spectacular.Overall, great place to meet friends with a great view. You also save the cost of the ride to the top of the stratosphere which is an extra bonus.  The ride to the bar is free.Make sure you ask for Irene.  We have had her a number of times and she was really fun.
5	Aundrea was the sweetest waitress ever. Not only was she professional but she was very informative with the menu...drinks & appetizers. Make sure you ask to sit in her section.....it will be well worth the experience .
4	Nice place for the view and to enjoy a quieter scene. We came up before going to see Frankie Moreno (a total 5 star act by the way). Not too crowded when we went up on a Friday nigh around 7 pm.  We came up for a quick dessert after having dinner elsewhere. Maybe it's because I wasn't able to sample any drinks, but as far as the desserts are concerned, you're better off ordering drinks which looked really good.  We ordered the red velvet cake and the creme brulee.  Thumbs down on the red velvet cake which did not look or taste like it was described.  It was a dolled up version with no taste of red velvet cake inside and was layered in a way with more filling ....and that didn't taste like cream cheese either.  It was served inside of a white chocolate shell so you can't even tell what it is when it comes out. Kind of disappointed and so not worth $11.  The creme brulee was average served with fresh berries on top. Obviously not known for a dessert place, I know, but otherwise it was a nice lounge!
5	My husband and I loved the happy hour here. The two for one drinks were great and the half off appetizers were fantastic! The view is awesome and we had fun eating and drinking while watching crazy folks jump off the building from level 109! We visit Las Vegas fairly often and lounge 107 is our absolute favorite now!
3	The view is amazing and our cocktail server was really cool very chill spot great for a mellow night in Vegas
3	The view from Level 107 is breathtaking, as are the views from the rest of the Stratosphere tower. The menu, music, atmosphere, and service were otherwise mediocre.  The dining options are limited, especially for vegetarians, but what we ate was tasty.  The prices were typical of a tourist attraction, but they have good happy hour specials. Overall, i would only recommend stopping if you are in the tower anyway and have time to kill.
5	This has always been one of my fave spots in Vegas. Friendly staff. Great Prices. The trick is when you get to the elevator line for tourists, do the locals slide to the right and go around until you hit a quiet area with security like when you go to court. Uh. I meant the airport. In no time you're enjoying the best happy hour [I am the Happy Hour King] and view in Vegas! Enjoy!
4	Great view, happy hour two for one drinks and 1/2 price apps. Live music after 10pm. I tried the chocolate master piece, van gogh chocolate vodka, godiva chocolate and white chocolate  liqueur. Very rich. And we got the razz jito, cruzan raspberry rum, soda, fresh muddled raspberries and mint it wasn't as good as the chocolate one. Very good for sure.
4	Came here for happy hr, which runs from 4-7 everyday, half off app and 2-1 drinks. It gets packed so come extra early or tip the sever to seat you!  The food was average nothing really stood out but nothing to complain about either. Really enjoyed their oysters and hummus though. The view is great, I never got to see Vegas from that view before epesically coming to Vegas so often and now living here. Really nice place to take a date without having to break the bank ;) The drinks were good, we got the mango and apple martini followed by 4 shots of patron.  Would definitely come back for happy hr especially when I have friend in town.
2	WAAAY over priced with average food. $15+ drinks (50% happy hour makes brings it to regular prices). I had filet mignon one night,  it tasted ok, but not $50+ OK. had the wings another night for the happy hour special, it had a weird (not good) sauce on it. otherwise, the chicken itself is tender. It gets stars for: 1. the Views- as good as advertised2. Service- bartenders waitresses were on point and attentive. no complaints there.Vegas is already expensive, but this place was expensive even for Vegas. If you want to impress a date by drinking a decent martini while taking in the views, its a good place for that. If you wanna get weekend wasted, bring the AMEX.
1	One star is high for this place. Got a table and didn't know who our server was for at least fifteen minutes. Typically when you are a server you know who is at your tables and when they leave. Even after we ordered, it still took another ten minutes before our drinks showed up. The food was good only worth it if you hit happy hour.
4	The Level 107 Lounge is an excellent place to bring out-of-towners for a relaxing drink after a long day of hardcore sightseeing. The drinks and eats are a little overpriced, but consider it a small fee for the fantastic view you get while you relax in the comfortable seats they have there. And the best part is, afterwards, you get to go up to the observation deck free of charge.
4	When it comes to bars and lounges in Las Vegas, Level 107 is the toppermost of them all. It provides a unique experience that is hard to beat. It is an experience of boarding an elevator 107 floors to the sky and stepping into a panoramic view of Las Vegas and the mountains below. Looking south it is a view towering over the north Strip toward the mid Strip. Looking southeast it is a view across the Las Vegas valley, beyond McCarran Airport toward Railroad Pass. Looking east it is a 5* view across and not over Frenchman Mountain. Looking north it is a downtown grand view of downtown Las Vegas. And looking west it is a view of Sahara and Charleston toward Red Rock Canyon in the horizon. As daylight changes from  sundown to night, the birdseye views of Las Vegas turn more breathtaking. This is a unique experience where you could sit at a bar while admiring the view of the Strip below, walk around this glorified observation deck taking in different scenery, or lounge on a comfortable chair admiring the scenery of your choice. Essentially, Level 107 Lounge rises above it all.  Level 107 Lounge is a special place to impress a date. Right when you set eyes on the plush sofas in the pre-boarding room, the atmosphere is romance. As the elevator speeds from the Strip to the clouds, romance is on the rise. The bar is a romantic environment to share martinis. The breathtaking scenery and instrumental music is a charming environment for intimacy. At night, the  more intimate spot is sitting at any of the comfortable seats overlooking the city. The ultimate romantic evening is combining the Level 107 Lounge with the observation restaurant below. Essentially, at Level 107 Lounge romance is on the rise.  With its circular layout up in the stratosphere, Level 107 Lounge reminds me of a bar on Mars or brought to life from the imagination of a science fiction movie. The design of the observation deck reminds me of the Millennium Falcon on Star Wars. The spacey music adds to the theme that this is a bar in a space ship. Especially at night with the lights below and stars across. It feels so much like being in space that I wouldn't be surprised to see Chewbacca appear from the center (maybe after a few Bluetinis). Essentially Level 107 Lounge is like a Mar's Bar....or a bar brought to life from a science fiction film. The Level 107 Lounge takes effort to find. The Stratosphere barely promotes it. Why should they? Why not promote the observation deck that costs money instead of a bar that only costs the price of drinks. The best way to find the Level 107 Lounge is to board the escalator by the observation ticket booth. From there you will walk through a theater to you get to the Tower Shops. Immediately to the left is a desk. Turn left at the desk where you will enter a room with plush seats. From there security will have you pass through an x-ray station. When you successfully pass through the elevator is ahead. Essentially, the Level 107 Lounge is like a speakeasy in the sky.  When my mood hits rock bottom or I want a nice place to relax, enjoying happy hour up in the Stratosphere brings my spirits down to earth. Everyday of the week from 4 to 7 p.m., Level 107 Lounge features a stratospheric happy hour. For the price of one $15 cocktail you get 2 served at the same time with one breathtaking view. My favorite cocktail is the Blue Tini. It is a strong adult beverage made up of Smirnoff blueberry vodka and fresh muddied blueberries. After drinking a couple of these I literally feel like the highest person in Las Vegas. The other signature cocktails include the Chocolate Masterpiece, Lemon drop, Cosmic Cucumber, Last Mango, and Summer Mint Margarita. Service at the bar is decent. For the record there was zero difference between drinking alcohol up in the stratosphere and on ground level. Essentially when it comes to happy hour up in the stratosphere, the sky is the limit.   There is no other bar in Las Vegas where I could be up in the stratosphere while a couple of drinks bring my mood down to earth. Essentially I am a fan of the Level 107 Lounge. I think you would be also.
4	Amazing view!! I came here in the evening and it was awesome! Definitely go during happy hour- half priced drinks (so 2 for $15, not bad for Vegas). The drinks weren't very strong- had a few cocktails called Razz Jito. They were very yummy, though! I also saw someone jumping off this building- you can do something called "sky jumping" but it's like $120 or something around there. There was a DJ playing some pretty awesome music, but it was definitely a more intimate atmosphere. Great for a date, not as great if you're looking to just party. :)
2	Worst waitress ever with horrible customer service! I'm still pissed that they required our table to give her an 18% tip. And happy hour apps....well I've had much better! Will never go again.
5	Brandy was our marvelous waitress at the Level 107 Lounge.  She was so attentive to our wants. We had a fantastic view of Las Vegas  and a half price tomato fondue with toasted bread strips. Brandy suggested we get an extra order of bread to go with the huge serving of tomato fondue, which was a great suggestion.Level 107 Lounge is a wonderful lounge for a drink and a snack. It's located on Floor 107 of the Stratosphere on the famous Las Vegas Strip! The view is amazing.   We had a wonderful evening.
5	Happy hour here is not a misnomer....anyone who comes during HH should be very happy indeed.  An amazing view, supplemented with half price appetizers (~$6-8 on special  and 2 for 1 cocktails (~$15 for 2 drinks), makes this one of the best places to visit during the early evening, or for their reverse happy hour after 11pm.  Our service was amazing...she was able to give us advice on drinks and the snacks.  The tomato fondue is amazing--get 2 and order extra bread.  Trust me, you are going to want a lot of this.  One thing to note is that the 2 for 1 drinks means that you need to order 2 of the same drink and they come at the same time--if you are there with a group, sharing is advised.After enjoying a few snacks and some delicious beverages you can go up to the observation deck on floors 108 and 109 (great views and some rides for those thrill seekers).
4	Amazing views and happy hour rocks. From 4-7 daily, they offer 2 for 1 cocktails ($15 for 2) and 1/2 priced appetizers. The tomato fondue appetizer is amazing, & we loved the Last Tango (mango) martinis.The lounge love seats were very comfortable, prefect for relaxing . Very friendly server. We had an amazing view of the Vegas skyline, watched sunset and got a few cocktails. After relaxing in the lounge, we headed up to the observation deck (skipping the admission cost) and enjoyed the view from the deck.  It was a really fun experience. I'd always wanted to come up in the tower, and we glad we'd finally made it. I'll plan to be back in the future.
4	I'm a total sucker for deals so when I read about the 2-for-1 drink special at their HH, I was sold. I dragged the fiance on a walk to the Stratosphere to check out the special. And the view.The 2-for-1 deal is on all cocktails. One premium cocktail is $15 but a simple gin and tonic would surely have been less. You get both drinks at once so I suggest picking out a few that work for your group and then swapping. Two chocolate martinis was way too much sweetness.In terms of the view--yes, it's awesome. Keep in mind that unlike the restaurant below, the bar doesn't rotate. The "good" seats (that actually look onto the strip) get taken quickly and people aren't fast to move. We sat to the left and still had a nice city lights view but if you're set on seeing the strip, either stand over someone like a creeper or get there before sunset.
5	Great view. Great drinks. Great apps. A little pricey, but very fair for the location and the view. A must do for Vegas.
5	Love this place! It's the perfect pre dinner, pre party or after work meet up spot when you're sick of the neighborhood bars and are craving a bit of drama (the good kind, not the kind when someone leaves crying). 107 has delicious food options with half off appetizers until 7pm, cool retro vibe, live lounge acts occasionally, and the most incredible views. Don't miss catching a beautiful Las Vegas sunset here! Never fear- the bodies you see hurling past the windows are the sky jumping maniacs who pay good money to fling themselves off the side of the building several floors above you. Vegetarians, try the portobello mushroom with roasted red pepper and mozzerella. Delicious! Not a lot of 20 somethings here- more of a 30 and up vibe.
4	This place is worth coming to just for the view- it was a nice, romantic spot with my husband. It's a great way to get the nice view from the Stratosphere, without having to pay the fee to go up the tower. The place can be a bit of a challenge to find, but the staff were very helpful, and directed us right to it. We came during happy hour, and had the great fortune of seeing the view before sunset, and watching the sunset- I must say, if you can only go for a brief period of time, the view was much prettier at night, so I'd head there after sunset. We had the half price appetizers and 2 for 1 cocktails. The drinks were delicious (Mango Madness, and Chocolate Masterpiece), as were the Lollipop Chicken Wings (be warned- they're very spicy!). The Calamari and Shrimp Fritto Misto was okay- because the seafood was sitting in so much sauce, the pieces on top were nice and crunchy, but everything on the bottom was very soggy, which wasn't pleasant. The sauce tasted good, so if you get this I'd recommend seeing if you could just get the sauces on the side. Service was slow, but friendly, so we didn't mind the wait- it's a relaxing spot anyway, so hanging out looking at the view is certainly a nice way to pass the time!
4	Level 107 Lounge is on the 107th floor of the Stratosphere Tower. That's the best thing ... and worst thing ... about Level 107 Lounge. The bar is great because it's near the top of the tallest tower in Las Vegas offering a vast 360 view of the city and dessert ... while it's bad because the Lounge is in the subpar Stratosphere. It earns 3-4 stars for a pair of reasons.** Reason #1: FreeYou can ride the elevator up to level 107 without purchasing a ticket to the top. Why pay $$ to go to the observation deck on level 109 when you can go to level 107 for free? The Lounge is close to the center of the tower and you can't get next to the windows, but the view is the same Vegas.** Reason #2: Happy Hour BOGOHappy Hour occurs twice per day at Level 107 and serves a limited selection of "signature" cocktails 2-for-1. Early Happy Hour is 4:00 - 7:00 pm and (really) Late Happy Hour is 1:00 - 4:00 am. Each cocktail is $15 and both must be the same. The 10 cocktails available for the special include Lemon Drop, Blue-tini, Cosmic Cucumber, Chocolate Masterpiece, Last Tango, Mango Madness, Summer Mint Margarita, Razz Jito, White Peach Margarita, and Summer Sangria. You can also get some appetizers for half price during the early happy hour.My wife and I popped in for some happy hour drinks and to catch sunset. It was easy to get to the top and even easier to order. To see the LV Strip, sit on the side with the Bar. We chose $15 Chocolate Masterpieces with Van Gogh Chocolate Vodka, Godiva Chocolate Liqueur, and White Chocolate Liqueur. Round 2 was two $15 White Peach Margaritas with Sauza Silver Tequila, Peach Schnapps, White Peach Puree, and Sweet & Sour Mix. Both drinks were SUPER sweet as you'd expect with names like that. It was happy hour and I was on vacation with my sweetie, so, I guess it was ok to throw back a few sweet cocktails, too.Note that it didn't seem "required" that drinks were purchased either, so, I guess you could just go to Level 107 Lounge for the view (I think). Self-parking is free at the Stratosphere.The view from the Observation Deck may be better, but instead of spending $18 for the elevator ride to the top, spend $18 ($15 plus tip) on a couple cocktails while enjoying the view relaxing in the Level 107 Lounge.
4	I wanted to try this place out because of the Happy Hour they have to offer. First, they actually offer an early bird Happy Hour time from 4-7pm - which, for me, is a great time and it's great not having to wait until midnight to get some Happy Hour prices. We ordered the tomato fondu. That is a must get! Delicious in every way. The toast was nice and crispy it was only $2.50 extra if you wanted some more bread. We also ordered the beef sandwich (can't remember the exact name). They came in three very satisfying pieces. My only food complaint was the shrimp and lobster cocktail.  It is a waste of money - don't get it. It is three pieces of shrimp with two small pieces of lobster. Definitely not worth it. Overall, I think this Happy Hour is a pretty great one!
5	After all the years I've been going to Vegas I can't believe this is the first time I've ventured to the top of the stratosphere!  I think I just assumed it was another gimmicky Vegas thing and didn't want to pay for it.  But that is the best part of Level 107 lounge.  We didn't have to pay to go up!  At least not to the lounge.  I think you can pay up to $18 a person to go to the top, but why if you can stop a little below, still get a great drink and good food with almost the same view!  and the food is really good!!!!  I will be dreaming of their pork belly appetizer until I return!  The carpaccio was a little lacking but I'm really specific about how it's prepared, so I wouldn't hold that against them.  We both had a sangria which was perfect because we were in more of a refreshing drink state of mind, and this fit the bill.  So if you are like me and hate paying for touristy stuff, just go for the lounge.  It's worth it!!!
3	This is one of those hidden gem in the strip.  Located in the Stratosphere Towel Hotel and Casino, which is in the north edge of the strip. Getting to this lounge is not easy unless you ask around.  The lounge is located at top of the top of the world restaurant, which is in the 108 floor; this lounge is in 109 floor. The first thing you notice of this lounge is the spectacular view of the Las Vegas.  The entire city of Las Vegas can be view from all 360" angle.  This floor does not rotated like fancy restaurant below.  So the strip and other good view is often been hawk by other customer very quickly.Early Happy HourHalf Price Appetizers: 4pm - 7pm2-for-1 Cocktails: 4pm - 7pmLate Happy HourHalf Price Appetizers: 10:30pm - 1am2-for-1 Cocktails: 1am - 4amThey got happy hour daily, sadly to say their food is bad in this time type of atmosphere.  They said the food comes from the restaurant below, but is hard to believe since the quality is just way off.  It could be we got the wrong chef that night, but several review did point that their food were not good.  I have not try their cocktail, it should be better than the food quality I assume.  We try the Kurobuta Pork Belly, which was super fatty and didn't got the right flavor, it tasted more like left over from lunch.  The Waygu Beef Tenderloin Carppacio was also not fresh and disappoint, The Shrimp Cocktail & Lobster Mango Ceviche was not bad but too small portion.  The best one was the Cheese Plate.The seat is comfortable but the tablet is very small, this is not idea for big group.  However, is perfect for couple, kids do not allow here. Our ID's were check despite we did not even drink.  The bathroom sink have a mini television, but the lounge there were none.  The real bonus here is that you get to access to the observation desk, I believe this is not the same as those who paid but still provided very nice view.  Definite bring you camera when you get here and enjoy.  Just aware the food is not great, a least in our experience in their happy hour.
2	The view was great but the food and drinks were just ok. The elevator person and waitress treated us a bit rude as they realized we were just there for happy hour.  They added 18% mandatory gratuity on the undiscounted check. I'm usually a pretty good tipper but just don't force me into it without any fair warning.  Sangria and sliders weren't that great.
4	We came for the early Happy Hour and ordered five or six things off the menu and all the food was tasty.Our server Brandy was super attentive and sweet. Points for her.The view? Everyone has already said it. It is the best in Las Vegas.The thing that was weird about the beverage menu though was beer and wine is not included in the 2-for-1 prices and as we understood, you must order two of the same drink in the same order.
5	Happy hour is very good price. They has good martini   Server , view, price, everything was excellent ! If your friends visit u in Vegas good place to take !
5	I live in Vegas and had no clue about this delightful nugget.  One of the greatest happy hours ever as well as best views of the strip. Irene was the most attentive server I've experienced to date and she was very busy at the time.  This is my new spot.
1	The part of old Vegas that needs to die.This is the only spot we went to in this town that has a metal detector. That alone should have warned me off. The surrounding area is down and out. It seems dangerous even in the daytime. The interior looks like it hasn't been updated since Dean Martin hung out there. The wait staff puts in a good effort, but it feels like their spirits are broken. We ordered cocktails with ginger ale only to find that the soda was flat. We left before things got any worse. If you're in this area, you're better off going to Lady Silvia's (assuming you can find it.)
4	We stayed in the Stratosphere for our last Vegas stay and while checking out the hotel we came across Level 107 Lounge.On the 107th floor of the tower, 360 degree views of the strip is amazing!Good drinks, tons of cool photo ops.Not the best bar or real nightlife, but great if you are staying in the hotel or here for any of the many attractions they have, the views are in my opinion some of the best of the entire strip!
4	I walked into the lounge tonight and was almost knocked off my feet when I saw the view. Absolutely stunning. Great happy hour and service. The bartenders were very friendly and were more than happy to walk me through the appetizers. I recommend the buffalo wings, although a little heavy on the sauce, very spicy and great flavor. Overall: great date spot, great food, beautiful view, and awesome service.
3	The review is just for their happy hour.The elevator ride up and down was quite scary for those who are afraid of heights. Upon getting to the 107th floor, it is best to walk towards the wall and not look down to how high you are. The lounge area is one floor up from the dining restaurant.Our serve was not very attentive. The structure of the lounge was circular so practically every seat will have some type of view, it's just a matter of which kind of view you want (the strip, freeway, etc.). Obviously, the side of the strip is where it's mostly packed around. The drinks were pretty strong. The happy hour 2-for-1 requires you to order two of the same drink. The food was decent. We got the carpaccio and calamari. Nothing out of the ordinary, though. Overall, nice to experience for the first time but not something I see myself wanting to go continuously thereafter.
4	Beautiful view of the whole strip! Not too crowded. Nice par and attentive waitresses. The 1/2 price appetizers were delicious.
4	By far the most amazing view of the city. The lounge is perfect for a few romantic evening cocktails. The waitstaff was courteous, the drinks were good, and the ambiance lovely. No food was had, however what we saw looked and smelled quite yummy. My only real complaint is the distance from the strip as the hotel is in the older part of town. But if you're going to be staying at The Stratosphere, the trip up the elevator is worth it. While you're there, check out the jump, too.
4	Awesome views. Great place to grab a drink and enjoy the views of the vegas strip and the surrounding area.  They have happy hour deals on drinks only. Two for one on the drinks.  Too bad the food wasn't  part of the happy deal but the prices were descent. Order some food, some cocktails, and enjoy the view.
5	We went up here for the view and were pleasantly surprised when we discovered that happy hour was from 4 to 7 and half price. Had the mango madness and cosmic cucumber, both delicious.  Apps great too. Service was busy so just a bit slow, but understood.  Watch the traveling to this are of town, can be a bit seedy.
5	Please come and check this out. The views are spectacular. It has a bar and lounging areas. We ordered from the happy hour appetizer menu. Their apps are tasty! The Top of the World restaurant is just below. You can look over the railing and see people dinning on a floor that rotates in a circular motion so the diners have a 360 view of Vegas.We ordered chicken wings which were quite spicy and somewhat hard for me to handle, and I like spicy!!  We also ordered the calamari, tomatoes stuffed with cheese and wrapped in bacon and the mini burgers. I dont recall their fancy names but the food and atmosphere together equals high ratings. Go during Happy Hour!
4	Go for the views, and for 2 drinks for $15 during happy hour it's definitely better than paying to go up to the observation deck. You have to get 2 of the same drink for the deal and the drinks are super sweet with not too much alcohol, but definitely a good deal because of the views
4	The view is stunning at night. The atmosphere is more on the fancy side. I think it would make a good date night. The drinks are pricey. They are good but I still think they're over priced. If you're staying at the hotel you should check it out for sure!
5	The view here is gorgeous and they make strong yummy cocktails! Best bartenders in town!!
5	Okay, I can't really say enough about this place.  I was so happy about my husband surprising me with a date here.  We went on a weekday at about 5:30pm.  It was a definite night to remember.First of all, you MUST go during the happy hour.  I recommend the early happy hour from 4pm-7pm because if you get there around 5pm, you get to see the sun set in Vegas plus stay to see the lights come on, on the Strip, when it gets dark.  There are 2 for 1 drinks during happy hour, and the drinks are $15.  You have to get the same drink for both of them, so my husband got 2 Mango Madness drinks for $15 (which were SO DELICIOUS, MY ALLTIME FAVORITE), and I got 2 of the CHocolate Martini drinks for $15 (also delicious, so decadent and rich).  The appetizers are all half priced, and ranged from about $12-$16 (so they were $6 - $8 during happy hour).  EVERYTHING we ate and drank while we were there was delicious, but I will expound on a couple of items.  Since it was so well-priced during happy hour, we were able to indulge in four different appetizers!Also, be forewarned, sky jumpers are jumping from the STratosphere tower while you are eating, so you DO see them randomly falling in front of your window.  Some might find this disturbing but we thought it was SO COOL!  If you are afraid of heights or heights make you dizzy, you definitely should not come here because you get to see an AMAZING 900ft above Vegas view from all the tables.  Its great because if you know about this lounge and happy hour, you just get on the tower elevator and ask for the lounge.  Otherwise, you have to pay $18/person to go up to the observation deck or pay WAY too much money to go to the Top of the World restaurant, which is right under the lounge, same views, higher prices, and the only difference is that the floor rotates in the restaurant.  Not worth the extra price if you ask me.  A note on the food:  DEFINITELY try the tomato fondue.  It is so yummy... think a rich tomato soup with loads of cheese paired with crustini.  YUM.  Also, we really enjoyed the fried calamari, which was fresh and in no way spongey.  The lobster and shrimp cocktail is yummy too, and the sliders were delicious.  We also got the mini dessert with fresh berries in a white chocolate cup with rich whipped cream.  For $6 we received two of them and were able to cleanse our palates for cheap.The atmosphere is so much fun, and our waitress was named Maury.  She was GORGEOUS and so nice and helpful.  You couldn't ask for a better date spot.  IT IS AMAZING.
3	The view is amazing for 360 degrees... The ambiance is quite chill and the DJ on Friday night is decent. Mostly top 40 and EDM infused mixes playing through the speakers. The late happy hour is only for food and the reason this place gets a couple of stars knocked out of the sky is because of the service and the food that is served. The buns on the sliders were hard enough to break a window on impact and the calamari was soggy (probably microwaved for happy hour). It also took forever for the waitress to make her way around to us. I could have taken the stairs to level 0, walk to the liquor store and walk back up the stairs to Level 107 before she came back with our order. This place has a lot of potential, it just needs a facelift in a few places. The view is main reason this gets 3 stars.
2	First off let me say the view is simply amazing! It deserves 5 stars itself!(You're on the 107 floor overlooking the city while relaxing in this oh so sexy chill lounge)But this review is for the happy hour only.Being I'm reviewing the happy hour food & drinks knocks the stars down a bit because they suck! Here we go...first off after the server taking about 10 minutes to come back to our table I finally got to place my order.Beef sliders, Lolli pop wings which I asked that they cook them well done because don't like wet wings & for my drink I ordered a Mango martini. The server hesitated for a minute & said I will ask about cooking the wings well done when I give them the order, but I'll get your drink started. She returns & says sorry they can't make the wings well done which lead me to believe they were microwaved. (In my head I'm thinking ok I'll eat the skin) She brings over the drinks & I take a sip...is this juice I'm thinking?... oh ok maybe it's one of the those drinks that sneak up on you so let me wait. As I finished the second one (2-4-1) & there was no buzz I realized yep super weak juice drink. The sliders came out & they were hard as a brick! I'm not even joking either. The bun & meat were tuff. Yep I said to myself frozen & microwaved to long.Wing came out...spicy, garlic, buffalo sauce on them & blue cheese dressing on the side. (Better than expected) but still microwaved. If it wasn't for the view I probably wouldn't have enjoyed this place, but afterwards we were heading to another lounge so instead I just chilled. That's right chilled. RECAP:(10 mins for the server to come over) ($17) for 2 glasses of juice, ($7.00) for 3 hard sliders & ($7) for micro waved wings but the view on the 107 floor overlooking Vegas night life.... PRICELESSSunny
5	Happy hour here is awesome. 2 for 1 cocktails and they were great! Try the blue martini - delicious! Mango madness is delicious! I didn't have any food but I bet that was good too. Views are great plus we went up to the tower and checked out other things. Seats are comfy and atmosphere is great for happy hour. I also liked the waitresses who were friendly, helpful, and have great service.
4	What a beautiful place to have a drink and an appetizer, The Cosmic Cucumber wasdelish and the Bacon Wrapped Peppadew Peppers were so freakin' good.Our server was super sweet. Loved the layout and comfortable booth seating.Just bummed the lounge doesn't rotate like the restaurant but it was neat looking down and watching them rotate. Now the elevator ride up to the lounge took FOREVER, Snore!and they pack the elevator up, thank goodness everyone took their showers. Overall I'd be back for that insanely beautiful view of Viva Las Vegas!Who would have thought this wonderful place would be nestled up high inside the Stratosphere?RANDOM FACT:Your able to see the Vegas Strip from space.
5	This was the highlight of my most recent trip to Vegas.  We went for happy hour and enjoyed 2 for 1 drinks (but be warned, they bring them both out at the same time) and half priced appetizers.  The view was stunning, and they don't charge you to go up to the lounge.  From there, you can go up to the observation deck for free, which usually costs $18.  The tomato fondue was phenomenal.  Get it.  The wings were very good too.  The sliders were a bit dry, so I can't recommend getting them.  Drinks were good and strong.
5	We had a wonderful experience at the 107 lounge! We went there for their Happy Hour where you can enjoy 2 for 1 cocktails. The view was unrivaled!  Amazing food and excellent service! There was a vast selection of appetizers that will make your mouth water. We particularly enjoyed the choices that our server, Christy, suggested to us. She was upbeat, friendly, and very informative.  All her recommendations were spot on, including the fondue, Vietnamese sandwich, and carpaccio. This place has definitely become a favorite!
5	A must for happy hour and to see the views!  Came here for happy hour around 6:30 which ended up being the perfect time since we ordered our 2 for 1 drinks and sipped on them for a while.  We got the tomato fondue which was really good and also the calamari which  was just okay.  You can go up to the restaurant for free and then afterward go up one floor to the observation deck which other people pay $18 to see!  We sat at the bar and the guys working the bar were so kind and fun!  The views were incredible and we got to see day time as well as night views since we went towards the end of happy hour and took our time.  I would go back for sure, but would only get the tomato fondue and eat somewhere else.
4	Awesome view & nice swivel chairs.  Would be better if it rotated like the restaurant did. Our waitress was very nice. Although my virgin lava flow wasn't considered a happy hour price, it was one of the best I had.  Guess you have to have alcohol in your drink to be considered happy hour pricing. Lounge was nice & clean!
5	I have been to Level 107 Lounge twice now.  They have a reverse happy hour from midnight to 3 am.  It's the perfect place to end a night.  It's very chill with good house music playing and lots of cozy seating.  The martini's are 2 for 1 this late at night.  The view is the best thing.  This late at night, you can see the strip and miles of the city lit up.  It's an amazing view.
4	The service for July 4 was amazing, but ask for Irene if you want the best advice on when to go, where to go, when and how to make your reservations, etc.,etc. 107 is the absolute best place to see ALL the fireworks across ALL of Las Vegas!  However, we'd specifically come to see the Stratosphere fireworks and our waitress couldn't tell us on what side of the floor to sit, wish we'd found Irene in time. Of course we we were opposite of where we wanted to be.
5	Spectacular place!! This place has it all!! Amazing view, food and service!!! If you are looking for a place that has ambience, entertainment (live music and DJ) great eats and drink specials during happy hour...then this is you place!! Cocktail Waitress by the name of Irene is the best!!!
5	I went here with a couple of my friends and it was the first time I stepped into the stratosphere in awhile. Last time I came to the stratosphere I was like 5 lol. Anyways we got a couple drinks jack n coke, the mango drink too. They were both good. Im a lightweight so I got a bit buzzed haha.Samantha was awesome! She was so polite and was there for everything we needed. She has great hospitality! We accidentally spilled a drink and she came right away n cleaned it up! She is amazing.....I love you....shit I mean, you're pretty....dammit auto correct. I mean she is the best! Keep it up Samantha #teamsamantha! :)The view was spectacular! You overlook all of vegas and it looked really nice! I will definitely come back with a couple more friends
4	This bar is directly above the top of the world restaurant. It doesn't rotate- so the views of Vegas vary. I enjoyed the atmosphere. Being there for happy hour made it even better:-) I would definitely stop by agin for their happy hour.My only complaint is the drinks aren't consistent nor their appetizers. The service was just ok.The view and atmosphere is worth the visit!
1	You can't say anything bad the view. It's one hell of a sight, if I do say so myself. You can see all of Vegas but if you're skurred of heights, you better pass on this joint. You'll squeak like a pig. The Happy Hour is decent, but the drinks are just okay and the food is about the same. If you want a kick ass Happy Hour in Vegas, hit up Roy's. We came with a group of 8 and things were fine...until the bill came. I'm all for tipping, but when you charge gratuity to a bill without even telling us, that doesn't fly. It also doesn't help that you tipped yourself on the full price of everything instead of the Happy Hour prices. I hope you enjoyed the $150 tip you left yourself on a $400 bill because I won't ever be back to tip anyone ever again.
4	As a Vegas local I rarely go to the stratosphere but I am so glad I did! My boyfriends bosses and some friend were in town so we decided to go to 107 for the happy hour. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is that happy hour is the only time I would go. The appetizers are good but not good enough for me to want to spend full price. Service was incredible. The view is breath taking and company was great! I now will have a new spot to relax in Vegas!
5	Love, love! Great ambiance, view, food and service is almost always great.  I live here and this is a great place to make an impression to our visitors or locals !  The only thing is they used to have live music, not anymore.... Nowadays live music in Vegas lounges have been replaced by dj's .,, Disappointing.  But overall one of my top 5's in Vegas
4	Chicago has the Signature Lounge, Boston has The Top of the Hub, and I guess Vegas has Level 107 Lounge. The Stratosphere Tower may not compare to the Hancock Center or the Prudential Tower, but the 360 degree view up here is probably the only reason to visit this hotel and casino. Visiting the lounge is free. Happy hour is from 4:00-7:00 pm with BOGO free cocktails. The catch is that you have to get the same cocktail (no mix and match). They also have a late night happy hour. The drinks themselves were more on the sweet side, but enjoyable with the view. It was pretty cool to see summer lightning strikes around the desert from that height.
1	Not good customer service at all....we walked in and sat at a table waitress greeted us and when we asked to move to the closer table she didn't seemed happy. ..we waited about 15min and noone ever came. ..I approached the bar and wasn't greeted either. ..I saw the first waitress and asked her for drinks and she said'' oh yes'' she also said that happy hour applies to food only. ..not drinks but last time I came they offered 2 for 1 drinks. ..very disappointed
4	Came here last night and the ambiance is very cool and laid back. However on Saturdays is a different story. Its like being in a mini club and actually being able to sit, eat, and get drinks fast. I recommend this place!! Its very cool! Not to mention being able to see the whole view of the Vegas strip, always a plus
3	Decent happy hour. The food is okay
4	Obviously, great view of Vegas from level 107! Below one level, there's a restaurant that moves slowly as your sitting at the table.Prices of drinks are extremely high. At least that's my opinion. For an example, a Tokyo tea is $17! You would actually have to catch the happy hour specials on food & drinks. Happy hour on drinks are buy 1 get 1 free, which is actually worth it. But the happy hour doesn't start till late. It starts like 1:30a. I know right?When I went, it was a Sunday night, so it was quite slow.Ordering the sliders, was actually worth it though. Very freakin' good! Also, the highlight of the evening at that place for me was, ordering a Apple caramel martini! It had apple & caramel flavored syrup in it! A slice of an apple & sugar on the rim! Manager's special! :)
5	The happy hour here is solid. Half off cocktails and apps, and the stunning view is the most important part of this experience. Beautiful and fabulous, especially at sunset. You get the strip and lights, canyon, everything!I am not writing a review on the food... My friends got some appetizers, and while not terrible, they weren't something I would go out of the way to eat. The food looks dated, but the others seemed to enjoy it. They had the peppers wrapped in bacon (these were burned), tomato fondue, sliders, and a portobello mushroom stack. Get Irene as your waitress if you can. She is so nice and funny as hell.
4	Very cool view from here. We walked into a 2 for 1 deal at 1am. I guess it goes until 4am. Friendly bartender (Anthony). Let's do this!
4	The trip to the top of the tower is free if you're going to the lounge. Happy hour is 2 for 1 drinks and 2 for 1 appetizers. The happy hour for food and drinks are the same during the day, different times for evening. Drinks and appetizers are between $10-15. The only catch is that both drinks have to be the same!
5	Great, Amazing. .. beautiful. . Perfect place for a great cocktail. .. make sure you have your dollar bills... drinks are a little pricey ... but crap you are in vegas what do you expect...
5	This is our favorite spot to bring people who are visiting.It is a quiet, amazing bar above the Top Of The World Restaurant at the Stratosphere.The reason it is called the 107 Lounge, is because it is on the 107th floor!It has a spectacular 180 degree view of Las Vegas.We love to go for dessert and champagne, or drinks before a show.You can ordered from the menu below. Have heard the "happy hour" is really good, and busy, but I have not gone for that.Love it!
5	My visit two years ago was so memorable, I just had to come back! Happy hour is the bomb! Had the two for one bluetini's, and glad to report they are still yummy and refreshing. We had the calamari and shrimp appetizer as well as the tomato and cheese fondue. Both were excellent! Our server was so attentive and helped to get us reservations for dinner. We felt so spoiled!I loved the experience!
3	The view from here is spectacular. But without the view I would not be impressed with this bar at all. The service was eh. The drinks were decent but overpriced. The appetizer was just okay. The whole place is just kind of out-dated. However, the view is one of the best in Vegas. It's the only reason this place is worth visiting. Plus you have to walk for what feels like forever to get to it.
4	I came here with friends and family and had a great time! We ordered a few different appetizers and all were delicious. Cocktails were very good as well. The service here was excellent by both the waitresses and manager. Views are not the same ever since the Fontainebleau tower was built, but they are still beautiful. Getting up through security was a pain though they need a separate entrance for those going to the restaurant or lounge.
5	My first time going this October with my boy friend, due to his recommendations from a previous time he was here. But it was both our first time here at the bar section and I can say they did not disappoint us! The view was just fabulous and the drinks are 2 for 1 special from 11 to 3! How can you say no to that! The area is so spacious surrounded by multiple chairs around the bar and small tables and chairs around the whole floor to order drinks and food from. You get free admission when you tell them you want to go to the 10 lounge and buy a drink, then from there you are able to go to the top floor where they have all the rides and even a better view of the whole las vegas strip! It's just beautiful at night. It took my breath away! Make sure to bring a jacket if you are going to be here for the drinks and the view because it does tend to get colder the higher up you go. Kuddos for the employees regulating the elevators as they were fun and helping us manuvour over to the next floor, higher and higher.
3	This place gets 3 stars solely on the view and funky circular layout of the lounge. I could see it being a great romantic spot. However, be aware that when I went there wasn't much table service to speak of. We had to walk around the circle until we found the bar. The appetizers and drinks are ridiculously priced. Apps were mostly $16 each, but half priced for happy hour. Mixed drinks were around the same price. After 1am the drinks are half off, or at least that's what they told us before 1. What it really is is by one get one of the exact same drink. No mix and match here. I found the mixed drinks to be extremely sweet and not good at all. We are talking bad enough that I gave mine away. I recommend sticking with the $8 import beers.
3	This is really a 3.5 rating. Went for afternoon happy hour right at 4:00pm. Free lounge ride up. Seated promptly. That's when it went downhill. Only had 3 servers for everyone, so it took forever to get food & drinks. All the apps were mediocre and not very flavored, save the tomato-cheese fondue. Wings and vietnamese sandwiches nothing special. Drinks were ok.  Seating was ok. Server did a decent job. We'll try Mix Lounge next year for a view.
4	Fabulous place to stop for a night on the town with visitors!Found this place via recommendation from other locals, wouldn't have known about it otherwise. Gorgeous view without a price- aside from the drinks, of course. $15 a pop is pretty standard for casino bars in the first place, and few of them have a view that compares.Our cocktail waitress, Sega, was attentive and personable. Setting is quiet and intimate, and there is a HH available with food and drink specials.  Can recommend any of the drinks we tried, all were surprisingly good: Chocolate Masterpiece (dessert drink), Blue-tini (not too sweet), white peach margarita (better than a classic, though they can make that too), Elevated Sangria (with plenty of fresh fruit), Scottish Mule (my favorite).
5	Amazing view, great happy hour and definitely ask for Irene... She has one spunky personality and amazing service!
4	I've been back twice since my last review. On our last visit, we were there after midnight and the drinks definitely aren't as good at full price. Happy Hour is the way to go.
4	I know, it's the Stratosphere. But if you have not you HAVE to go! OK, I admit, we've gone a couple of times by ourselves however, we mostly go when there's visitors. But nonetheless, it's still a GREAT spot! Hang out, have a cocktail or two. Order some apps or some dessert! Enjoy the view, for REALS!Every time we have gone, we have nothing but great service!
5	Great lounge with even better views! This place is pretty mellow. No upbeat music or anything and maybe a bit far from the rest of the strip since it is on the stratosphere.We got a bottle of Kettle 1 and some apps for about $250 and we were 5 guys. Best bang for the buck in vegas. Their happy hour is pretty good as well and it includes a late night drink happy hour.I will definitely go back on my next trip to vegas.
4	This was a pleasant surprise. The Stratosphere is too far down the strip and consequently is a pain to get to. We decided to finally check it out and saw the ad for this place. It is free to go up to the lounge. It is a bit of a pain to get up, but worth it if you are in the area.Once to level 107 you get panoramic views of the city. This is one of the best views of the city. I still prefer Mix or Foundation, but this is also very good. They have very good happy hour deals and a good drink menu. Our server was great. She was attentive and very helpful. There is a lot of seating options and a bar if you prefer to sit there.
4	Had a great time over new years holiday at Level 107 lounge.  The drinks are fantastic and the view of the strip is unique.   very chill vibe.   happy hour is a good deal...but do bring your wallet :)
5	My favorite happy hour & view in Las Vegas! Such a nice casual place to enjoy great drinks with awesome view. Staff is always friendly & food and drinks are always quick!
