3	Good pizza ... they deliver to downtown ... cute restaurant with TVs and the local paper for your enjoyment ... two slices and soda for something like $4.99 ... nice addition to downtown!
3	Cheese pizza has probably been my favorite food since I was a kid, so my pizza reviews tend to be pretty tough.  I've eaten at Z Pizza a few times, although mostly out of necessity because the pizza shop next door doesn't take debit cards!!!  Z Pizza has a great atmosphere, the staff is always very friendly, and they deliver in a timely manner downtown.  However their pizza is not my favorite.  There is something about their sauce that I just don't like, and the pizza is always pretty greasy.  I can usually make it through one and a half slices before I have to put it down because it just isn't "scarfable" to me, which a good pizza should be.  Their salads are pretty good and they have a decent vegetarian selection across the board.  One plus is they sell Ben & Jerry's ice cream, and how can you possibly go wrong there?
4	I'm about to write a review for a restaurant that I've never actually set foot in. Don't report me just yet! I've had their food many times, but solely via delivery to my place of business on multiple occasions.The pizza offerings are fairly typical, but they do it right. Salads, pastas and sandwiches are also available. I ordered a tuna sandwich from them recently and I'm sad to report it was very disappointing. The bread was stale and the tuna was dry. "Well that's what you get for ordering a tuna sandwich at a pizza place!" you might be saying. I wanted to see if they could pull it off. A for Effort is all I can say. I'd easily order their pizza again at the drop of a hat, though.Someday I'd like to go in and see what Z Pizza looks like... dare to dream.
4	I like this place even if it's a chain. It is pricey (or at least more pricey than the other guys) but the pizza is great with topping options you can't get anywhere else (sun dried tomatoes, ricotta cheese, capers, etc).
3	Cool pizza, cool place. The best thing about this place? It's open on weekends and it's open for dinner, so for that reason it has a special place in my heart.That being said, the pizza's not very good. The sanwiches and pastas are pretty good, but then again, myabe I'm trying to find something nice to say about this place because, did I mention? It's open late and on weekends!
4	How I love thee...Great for the vegetarian and vegan. A little pricey but worth the extra cash when you're used to getting crappy pizza. I rather pay extra for the good stuff. Delivery is fast and they always found my apartment, even in the alley. Way to go!
4	Pizza here is delicious and service is awesome. My favorite pie is the Casablanca minus the mushrooms and add sausage. Delicious!My food was ready to go when I was told to pick it up, which is something most pizza places can't seem to get right.
4	I ordered delivery on two large pizzas - an "American" (f#$k yeah!) and an "Italian" - for five guys, and there were three large slices left, so there was plenty of food to go around.  Plus, there were a few "good pizza" comments, so I'd say that the Z pizzas went over pretty well.  Personally, I really liked the Italian (pesto, mozzarella, black olives, tomatoes, artichoke, and sausage substituted for ham; mmm good), but I thought the American was just average.However, the bill was $43 + change w/out tip, and $20 + tax for each large pizza seems pretty expensive.  Still, the pizza was pretty good, and the thin crust was great, so I'm happy to give Z Pizza four stars; not the best pizza, but nowhere near the worst.
4	*Sigh*  I do love Z Pizza.  If you dine in, you can get two slices (usually pepperoni or cheese) and a beer for $7, or you can get a whole big pizza pie - we usually get ours delivered.  The best one I've had is the Greek, but I am intrigued by the Moroccan and the Tuscan Mushroom.  The staff is usually frazzled but still friendly and helpful, and it is a chain but a chain which I have no problem supporting.  They always deliver on time, and to the right place, which is something pizza places back in Minneapolis could never seem to get the hang of.  I might have to get some Z Pizza tonight.  :)
5	Being from the East Coast, it's extremely difficult to find good pizza here.  I live less than a mile away from Z, and I'm grateful to have found it!I love the toppings!  They even have a white pizza, which nobody east of Lake Erie seems to know about!The staff is always friendly.  I like going there by myself, reading the paper or New Times, and chatting with the staff while I wait for my order.Yes, price is higher than most, but I'm willing to pay for it!
4	A brave scholar once said, "There is no such thing as bad pizza. Some are better and some are worse. But pizza, ahh, pizza is amore". When I first met Z, that's what I call her. Just Z. She seemed so familiar. She smelled familiar. Looked familiar. Better yet. She tasted familiar. Whether a whole pie, in all it's tomato sauce glory, delivered to my front door. Or two tangy, cheesy (award winning Wisconsin cheese mind you...which is cool....but is the cheese awards part of the upcoming awards season? And if so, what will I wear to the red, er, um would it be yellow carpet? Not sure) tempting and tantalizing triangles that I eat in with a cold Stella Artois for a mere $7.25. Service is friendly. The cute, arty dining room cozy, airy and light. Kinda like a breezy, California dining room. California? Hey, that's it. Z Pizza. Dee lish. Inovative. Fresh. California. Laguna Beach. Bingo. I had my first Z experience, I was d-zeed shall we say, after a dance a thon at the Boom Boom Room in Laguna Beach in the late 80s. Nice to see you Z. Glad we can hang once again!
4	Oh summer of 2007, what would you have been without Z Pizza? I don't eat here nearly as much as I used to, but during those warm spring months there was nothing I wanted more than a late night bike ride with my bestest for a couple of slices. It's a little pricey for pizza, but when you order it fresh, it's worth it. The daily slice specials are awesome, but if you don't get it straight out of the oven it can be slightly disappointing. I recommend any of the specialty pizzas (my favorite is the classic American) or the calzones. This place just has a fun, laid back atmosphere. I love that it's downtown and just a short, smooth ride away....
4	I really enjoyed the Moroccan pizza, delicious flavors!  They have a fun variety to choose from and they threw in some extra pieces of pizza for my friend because we arrived close to their closing time.
4	Don't feel like the normal Pizza Hut or Papa John's but still want something just as good?  Order Z Pizza.  The Pizza will always be good, the only down side they have is that the price is high.
4	We tend to order the Napoli and add pepperoni.  My ideal pizza is more along the thinner crusted east coast variety than the thicker pan pizza approach.  Z Pizza makes it the way I like it.  The crust is great.  There have been a couple of times when the pizza seemed a little greasy, though.  I also make pizza at home and have gotten pizza dough from Z Pizza -- this when Trader Joe's decided to stop selling dough -- and will now always buy my dough at Z Pizza.  Ordering delivery over the internet works flawlessly.
1	There was a bone in my meatball after they burned my sub the first go around. When I brought this up to the manager he said " well we do not make the meatballs here, they come in pre-made". I did not receive an apology or any effort to make it right, or keep us as a customer. We will not be going there again.It is sad as Z Pizza looks great from the outside, however the food is average at best, barring any foreign items in your meal, and the service is unorganized, and lacking any courtesy.
1	Looking at the last review, it must have been a "bad manager" weekend at Z Pizza. On Friday we ordered for delivery online. One hour later lukewarm pizzas arrived.  The order was wrong. Apparently they manually transfer the data from the online system into their ordering system and completely botched it.We caught the driver before he left and he said he'd to back right away and the manager would call to tell us how they'd make it right. Over an hour later, no call.   We called them and spent 20 minutes on the phone. We got no apology, just an excuse, "We're so busy. We've got 30 people in line. All businesses make mistakes."They offered to write down somewhere that we were owed a free pizza.  Seriously?! Like they'd proved their order system worked well enough for that. Very poor example of restaurant management and customer service.
3	Some things good. Some things not-so-good. Overall I'm actually a fan of Z Pizza. Please DO NOT go to Z Pizza if you seek authentic NY style Pizza. That would be silly. Did you really expect a big Italian guy named Vinnie to toss you up a pie at a California style healthy pizza joint? If so, get real!Please DO go to Z Pizza if you would like "pizza style" pizza with cool ingredients like fresh artichokes or zucchini. I also love the wheat crust or soy cheese options. Plus, they deliver to my house so fuck yeah for that.The Yuppie Veggie sandwich is SICK in a good way. It's really good! Please stay away from the tuna salad. Yukers. Somehow it was soggy.The service has always been pretty good although food can take a little while. Good effort!
3	Good pizza, they are fancy.  Z Pizza received my attention after received a door hanger.  Z-Pizza his really opened my trust to direct marketing.  Also check out their website its really clean. Open late, this is a rare trait in the valley my thank yous to all restaurants open late for those late night munches.
3	I'm not going to even compare Z Pizza to NY pizza because they are completely different. For lunch Z Pizza is a decent choice...the times I have been there service is quick and there is plenty of seating to be had. The parking lot is really small and fills up quickly, but don't let that deter you.The first time I went for lunch I had the pasta with grilled chicken, pinenuts, and basil pesto. For the most part it was a good dish even though the pasta was a tad overcooked. It wasn't an overly large portion, but was the perfect amount for lunch.  I believe the pasta and a drink was close to $10.  I have also had the Moroccan pizza (pesto, feta cheese, pinenuts, and eggplant) which was very tasty although it could have used a bit more feta. For a slice of the Moroccan, a garden salad, and a drink, it was $8.  Some of my coworkers who I dine with also enjoy the calzone (you will have to wait about 10 minutes for it though) and the Santa Fe pizza.I'm not really a fan of gourmet pizza, but for a lunch spot downtown it is not bad. It's not my first choice but not a place I drag my heels to go to either. The one good thing about this Z Pizza location is that they will deliver at night to the State Capitol which we had them do once this fall when we were working late.
3	I won't lie, I was skeptical ordering from this place.  After a long day of painting my new apartment I needed some grub, and looking for a place that delivers to my new digs downtown I came upon Z Pizza.  I have to admit, I was not pleased by the hour+ in between order and delivery.  When the guy finally arrived, he asked me if I traditionally had a problem with delivery people not being able to find my place.  God I hope not!  I can't imagine it's that tough!  He went on to tell me that he had just made a delivery to my building earlier in the day and couldn't find the right building.  Well it says the building name in big letters on the side. . .Figure it out, especially if you get lots of orders!On to the pizza.  At $13 for a medium cheese and $17 for a medium "Napoli", this is definitely on the pricier side.  And is it me, or is the "Italian Pizza" just a bit redundant?  I was under the impression that pizza itself was Italian.  Anyway, the pizzas were actually really good.  i liked the fresh basil on the cheese pizza, and the roasted garlic sauce on the Napoli was fantastic.  I'm sure I'll be trying their other pizzas in due time.
2	I don't get it. I only go there because it's a short walk from my house and fast (and Pino's is closed for weekends). I've heard people rave about this place. It's about as good as papa johns. Pino's al Centro is almost next door. Go there.
4	Was introduced to this place at a street fair and it is pretty good NY pizza. I figured if it could be that good at a fair the restaurant must be wonderful! BAD mistake since I am now addicted to this place.  I love their chicken and Yam Rustica pizza, for a change in pace.  Good place for the foodie in me, bad for the waistline. They have just opened a "Pinkspot" ice cream in the same store and the Tahitiian Coconut milk sorbet is outstanding! If coconut is not your thing they have A Kuaui Pie ice cream that is good too.I Don't understand the bad reviews.I am from Ny and pretty Picky about pizza and this place is pretty good for Phx standards. ( not Ny but who is in Phoenix?) Not everyone likes Good Ny pizza so that could be why some people did not like it. Also the rude service comments, really surprised me. I go here a lot and I am treated like family on every single occassion. I have never had bad service or bad pizza here, not once!  WOW! I wonder if the bad reviews are written by people who have vested interests in other pizza places? Sorry for their bad experience but if you Do like Ny pizza( not everyone does I agree)  you should  try it out. ( Probably not the Rustica, since that is not very Ny but get their slice special, which is a good deal. They have a 2 slice special and a 1 slice with a salad both with drinks and under 6 bucks!!!!!!!_ the only bad thing about the specials you have to have what they already have premade. Sometimes I like a choice but to have their pizza is a good trade off. Happy eating.
5	There are so many things on this menu that I love - the pizza is delicious, the salads are fantastic... and now they have beer!!!   I remember when they had room for two tables when they first opened, and now - wow - after the expansion, it's just a great relaxed place to hang out.    Wall-to-wall people over the lunch hour, no surprise!   YUM.
2	Bland pizza.  Not particularly horrible nor particularly good.  Staff that cared more about what's playing on the tv screen than keeping the tables clean.  But a nice space otherwise.
5	i hate going to places that i can goto near home, in Phx for the Cubs games.. but my daughter wanted pizza and we saw Z and had to go becuz we know how good it is. I like this one alot better then ours.
4	i love z- pizza! its so nice having a pizza place that makes vegan pizza for us lactose intolerants! the berkely, or vegan, was so good. a little bland because its made from soy cheese, but if youre taste buds feel theres really something lacking, its nothing a little pepper cant fix. i moved to sf a year ago and before i moved i went here and had their pesto-penne dish as well, and that was amazing.speaking of san francisco, what's with the lack of vegan pizza options there?! im glad i moved back to phoenix and had the pleasure of eating z pizza AND pita jungle in my first 2 days.
5	I'm not sure why I held back on the 5th star before.  We've had consistently good service and the pizza is always delicious.
3	I cant attest for the pizza but the salads here are pretty decent. I had the ZBQ Salad which was super fresh and tasty! The Mr had one of there new rustic pizza's which he said was pretty good. I swear, he needs to start Yelping as well! Anyhoo.. very good for a quick lunch.. PLUS, they totally carry Sweat Leaf Tea.. good stuff!!
3	I tried their pizza a few years ago, and thought it was okay.  I like the concept of using some natural and organic ingredients, but the flavor when it's all pulled together leaves me wanting something a little better.  It makes me think: "This is what pizza in California probably tastes like."I agreed to get some pizza from here recently for two reasons. 1) They now deliver to my neck of the woods. 2) They offer a gluten-free crust for my pizza-deprived husband who recently discovered his sensitivity.I ordered a regular sausage and mushroom for me and a gluten-free cheese and pepperoni for him. I got a mushroom and onion.  I could have called and complained, I know, I know, but I didn't.  I just picked off the onions.  Not what I was expecting, but I put the lingering thoughts of yummy sausage in the back of my head and moved forward trying to enjoy my mushroom pizza with the flavor of carmelized onions. It was okay, but the next time we order I will make sure that the guy heard me correctly.The husband thought his was FABULOUS. But he hasn't had pizza in over 3 months.  It's kind of like when he stopped drinking beer because of the wheat, then realized that Budweiser is made without wheat, and now he likes Bud.  Or when vegan's say a desert is good. I'll probably order from here again, if only to please the hubby.
1	The husband was so excited about the gluten-free pizza we had last week, that he asked me daily ever since to get another one.  I finaly relented.So we called and ordered the exact same pizzas: one large SAUSAGE and mushroom and one large gluten-free pepperoni.  The girl on the phone informed us that gluten-free only comes medium. What?!?!?  Then she tells us that the order totals $4 dollars more than last week. ???Then we start wondering, who was wrong? Was it the guy last week who allegedly gave us a large gluten-free that my husband loved and somehow didn't get sick from, and a onion and mushroom instead of a sausage and mushroom?  Or, the chick who seemed to be on the ball this week?The order came rather quickly, which was nice.  My pizza was correct this time, and it was just as mediocre as the one last week but with the right ingredients.  The husband's pizza was indeed a medium and it only took one bite for him to realize that the pizza last week was NOT gluten-free.  This pizza had the crust that he anticipated last week, not good.  Not good to the point that he stopped eating the whole slice, pulled off the cheese and pepperoni and fed the crust to the dogs.We are extremely pleased and incredibly surprised that the gluten-full pizza did not make him sick.  But, the pizza is dissappointing and not worth the $20 for a large pie.  At least now he has realized this, and we will not order from them again.
2	Ok, I just had lunch there. The place is clean and the staff is friendly, but most of all, I am paying for my food, right? Maybe I've been spoiled by the Pear Gorganzola salad at the one on Tatum, but I wasn't pleased with my pizza/salad combo today at this one. The garden salad was actually a lettuce salad with two tomatoes. It was weak. The pizza wasn't as organic tasting as I had hoped for. I was hoping for that fresh taste, but I got a Dominos taste. Disappointed. Maybe I should just stick to the Pear Gorganzola salad. Infact, I am craving that now!
5	I know there are tons of other great pizza joints in town, but the Z is ranks very high on my list. For starters, I used to work in the Qwest building less than a block away so I have a plethora of experiences with this location...and all good things to say about this particular loc. They're always on time for one. I'd call in my order before lunch on a personalized pizza and it was always waiting downstairs in the lobby no more than 25 min later. They always got my order correct, although sometimes I'd get kinda topping crazy. I'd add like 8 toppings and they always get it right.Zero complaints with prompt service here. I tried a few other locs around town and it's whole different ball game. So take this from me that this is the solidified location.
4	The hubby and I finally made it out to Z Pizza over the weekend. I ordered the Moroccan and my husband had the Greek pizza. Both pizzas were very tasty. The carmelized onions and pine nuts on the Moroccan were simply yummy!I think the prices are a little high, but the pizza is pretty good. There weren't many customers in that night which made for a nice and quiet dinner. The feel of the place seemed pretty laid back to me and I felt comfortable. The serivce was fast and friendly. They have a small, but great drink selection, offering Sweet Leaf Teas, Blue Moon, Stella Artois and of course fountain drinks.I will definitley be back to try their other pizzas out.
4	Never had a bad slice from z.
4	I'm not really sure why people don't like this place but I love it.  I am so happy they put one downtown finally.  Their sauce is a very sweet marinara.  If you don't like sweet, I can understand why you wouldn't like the pizza.  You can get about 4 different kinds of mushrooms on your pizza as well.  The topper is that you can get ricotta cheese on any pizza or calzone.  I personally always get a calzone with ricotta, mozzarella, black olives, portabella mushrooms, and italian sausage.  It is the most wonderful calzone ever.  The wife usually gets a pasta or a peperoni pizza.  She loves both.The Thomas location also has an ice cream shop attached to it which is nice.  Usually the staff is knowledgeable and the cooks are consistent.  The Thomas location is also usually full of doctors or nurses which always makes for interesting conversation.
3	It's interesting that people love or hate this place...I don't like that it's a chain - not necessarily cause i hate chain restaurants or anything but moreso because it's deceiving, seems so local and independent (I can get over that tho).I've only had salad and cheese bread here - but it's been good both times. In theory, I like that everything is organic but really I'm not that much of an organic snob so I could be over that soon too. All in all, I'd say this place is good - not necessarily great. But I hasten readers that I've never had a legitimate slice of pizza from here. So maybe I just need to give that a try. Their tea is good!
1	Trend sucking expensive pizza, come on now 22 bucks for a medium 3 topping pizza.  I especially liked the counter dweeb taking 10 minutes to scan the two twenties I gave him.  Must have had a rash of middle aged men passing fake 20's.  I pass.
5	I've been here 3 times now, and each time, I fall in love with this place a little more.  Today I had a slice of the bbq chicken pizza for the first time.  Wow.  I've had bbq chicken pizza one other time, many moons ago, and the taste almost sent me to the bathroom.  But this?  This right here?  Oh my.  Sweet and savory and spicy all at once.  And of course I love their crust with the bit of garlic at the end.  It really made my day.  I also had the Napoli for the second time.  I think this might be my favorite...wait no, the Casablanca is my favorite...no, the bbq chicken...DOH!Seriously, I've never had this type of pizza, meaning thin crust gourmet.  I'm used to the big, pan crust pizza pies.  This is a treat, though it will not replace my love for pies.  It will be a new love affair.Last thing, I'm continually impressed with the freshness of their ingredients.  I've never had tomatos so sweet or mushrooms that I would eat by themselves.  Awesome stuff.
5	Best pizza I've ever had! Really, they make the best tasting pizza in the world, the staff are great, and they have an ice cream store built into the same shop, so you can walk through and get ice cream desert for afters.
4	After putting out a twitter alert for a pizza place along the Lightrail, my fellow tweeters urged me to check out Z Pizza.  Even before my tweet, when I was at the Mayor's coffee event at the Heard Museum (yesterday), we received the Phoenix Passport Book.   My friend, Seth, told me that there was a coupon in the book and we should try it out.  There's no doubt that Z Pizza had to be a place I needed to try this weekend.Instead of taking the Lightrail, we decided to drive.  (FYI, the closest Lightrail stop is Thomas and Central and it's only a short walk away.) We liked the friendly service and the comfortable atmosphere.  We ordered the Hawaiian Pizza and it was yummy.  We ordered the large because with the coupon, you get $5 off of a $20+ order.  The large pizza was $20.56.  We ate a few slices and took the rest home.  We sat and ate on their comfortable couch. Afterwards, the setting was so comfortable, we stayed and read our books.  I wanted to try the desserts at The Pink Spot, but I was too full.  All in all, Z Pizza had a nice atmosphere and good food.
4	I was at work, trapped behind the bar, and we were all out of snack chips...Staaarvving!  I really didn't want to order close to $20 worth of food to get delivered, but as I perused our folder full of menus that had delivery service, I started to salivate when I started reading the Z Pizza menu. It's a very colorful, attractive menu, and had a bright yellow sticker that said "free delivery" (as opposed to Mamma Mia, whom I love, but $2 delivery and $10 minimum, well, anyway, I'm digressing).  What to get, what to get, it sucks when you're just that hungry and all these pretty combinations of toppings jump out at you saying, 'pick me,' Little tomatoes with white gloves were high kicking like Rockettes with their arms linked with Mr. Mozzarella and his top hat and monocle. Wait, that was Mr. Peanut, anyway...So I decided on the Provence, which was described as having artichokes, tomatoes, capers and garlic sauce, in addition to the mozzarella and regular tomato sauce. I love me some capers.  It seemed a queer combination, but I love all these ingredients and was eager to have a little adventure. I called in my order, and the girl on the phone recognized me from the bar, and we chatted about the pizza, decided I should have a little truffle oil thrown on there as well. What arrived, still hot, and perfectly baked, was one of the tastiest pizzas I've had delivered in a while. The crust was so crunchy and the truffle oil had soaked into it, so it was like its own separate hors d'ouevre after I made my way to what I would normally call the pizza butt.  The toppings were tasty, fresh, and the combination was truly a treat. I don't know about the garlic sauce, it was a bit too much, but maybe in a lesser quantity the flavor would have melded and not been so obtrusive. I was a happy Kitty, and the next day, it reheated like a champ for a little lunch revisited. Good stuff, that Z Pizza. Oh, and my favorite was the little Kitty face drawn on the side of the box next to my phone number.  Nice touch.
3	Phoenix has some of the best pizza in the world (oddly enough), and this chain simply doesn't hold up to the competition. In fact, a few steps down the street is another pizza joint which easily blows Z away. I first had Z Pizza in Long Beach and I thought it was pretty good. That was in Long Beach. It just doesn't cut it against the many unique pizza bistros that litter the valley. The pepperonis were a little flavorless. The sausage was decent, but nothing special. The crust was fine. The cheese and sauce were also nothing special. It's nice that there's a connected ice cream shop if you want to eat a bunch of cheese and bread and grease and then chase it with a bowl if sugar and cream. To be honest - while I was eating it, I couldn't help but think that it was extremely overpriced. Right down the street was a better pizza place using better ingredients and costing less. I actually felt like I would rather be eating Peter Piper Pizza if that says anything.The place was pretty clean even though it was busy. The staff was nice and friendly as well. It's not bad pizza at all - it's just nothing special.
4	You rawk my chain Z. Can I call you Z? Like when I'm hanging with Oprah and I call her O. She gets a kick out of that. Listen. You goofed up a little a few weeks ago and omitted the sausage on my pizza. I was cranky and rattled off an email to corporate. Just cuz it wasn't the first time. And, well, it was my time of the month. I'm in the biz so I wrote a constructive, non-cursing email. Not only did I hear back from the owner...turns out we hang in the same circle. So, last night I took advantage of a discount, ordered my za, spoke with a very cool, helpful manager and got the pizza of my dreams delivered. Along with some sweets from Pink Spot...see review below...pizza and ice cream sandwiches...DELIVERED...in Phoenix...merits and update, a shout out and when I win my Academy Award, I will mention you. Z. Later.
3	I am not a fan of thick doughy pizza and bland sauce. I almost always order the casablanca for me, sausage for my kid and hubby likes the pesto pasta. The salads are great, and large portioned.It is pricey but I am willing to pay extra for what I think is good food.Not 5 stars because lately when I order for delivery they have made quite a few mistakes.Oh I almost forgot! They now have wings, and let me tell you, they are to die for! I ordered two different kinds of sauces and both orders just came with Ranch (doh!) but even without the sauces these were the best wings I have had in a really long time. I am personally not a fan of wings because they are usually overcooked or have a strange fatty consistency and these were just awesome. I would love to try them with some the offered sauces so hopefully next time I get what I order.
5	Z Pizza is simply my favorite pizza place. Since I first ate here, the urban atmosphere, great food, and fantastic staff have kept me coming back for more. I can't really enjoy any other pizza. Although it's a tad more expensive than most chain pizza restaurants, the employees here are all very passionate about their product, and it shows.
3	It was around 6pm on my third day in Phoenix when I was (finally) able to hang out and catch up with two dearly-missed SBC alums, Lynn W and Claire! Originally, we'd set out for the dessert place next door, but I had just returned from a 10-hour day trip out to Grand Canyon and back so a slice of pizza sounded perfect...The joint looks very collegiate and indie, full of simple designs, bright colors, and decisive lack of branding, although further inspection reveals it to be a widespread, though not yet prominent franchise.For just shy of $20, I ordered three slices and drinks for our impromptu dinner, myself gravitating towards the simple pesto slice, as usual.For the price per slice, it seems a tad on the expensive side, but the slice, its flavor and ingredients, is decent. The better option or deal is probably to get one of the heartier sounding whole pizzas [online menu: http://weborder3.microworks.com/zpizza/Item.aspx?menuid=2477]  Nonetheless, it hit the spot and service was very friendly.There's a cool symbiosis of Z Pizza being immediately attached and sharing a space with Pink Spot next door.___________________________________________Savory and sweet in a single space! Gluttony abounds!
4	I wasn't going to review this because so many people have already and most everyone says the same thing... awesome pizza. I miss working so close to here. The lunch rush is a rush but you get in, you get out. And everyday is different, I can try all their different types of pizza. Personal faves: Sante Fe and Napoli pizza and the chicken pesto pasta. While the pizza speaks for itself, I do have to give zPizza props for having the best specials.Cheap daily specials, slice of pizza and a drink (or beer) for about $6, buy one get one for $5 on Tuesdays and of course, the frequent eater reward. I like a place that offers great food and even more reason to come back.
5	What I am about to say is going to be both hard to believe and incredibly shocking, but true. Completely, utterly, and brutally honest. Ready?I would rather Z Pizza than any other thing on this planet. More than food, fame, wealth, love, sex, beauty... need I go on?I have heard some less-than-stellar things about Z Pizza, so I have been giving my business (not THE business) to Pizza Heaven, but one fateful night I took an elevator ride with a Z Pizza delivery man who explained that they have both gluten free crust AND vegan cheese. It was awkward being that I had a Pizza Heaven equivalent literally right in my hand, but the delivery dude handled it with poise and handed me a magnetic business card.Well, today it is rainy and I'm drunk and I was hungry and I didn't want to drive, so I gave Z Pizza a chance and I am so happy I did because my life changed today. Let me repeat that: MY LIFE CHANGED TODAYThis pizza, despite it being abnormal in every way possible, was the most delicious culinary specimen I have put in my mouth in MONTHS. Get the Mexican (sans chicken and sour cream, of course)... you owe it to yourself. You really, seriously do.I love this pizza so much that in future trysts, I will fantasize about this pizza instead of my lover. I really will.I hate this review because I cannot even articulate the words to do this pizza justice. I'm not worthy, I'm not worthy!Oh, and PS... when I ordered they told me 45-60 minutes and it was here within 30. That's better than finding a rich guy that dresses well, doesn't have mommy issues, and is straight up hung. Did I just say that?
5	Z Pizza is one of my favorites in the Valley.  You get two fresh gourmet slices and a drink for $6 something.  They are always friendly as well.  Definitely try Z Pizza if you haven't yet.
5	Exotic combinations of pizza.  From to A to Z, Z pizza is Z best!!  Must try the thai pizza and the Napoli one.  I love that the pizzas are all from organic ingredients, making the flavors much more intense.
5	deliciouso....great crispy, slightly burnt edges. they weren't frugal with the toppings and were more than willing to add or take away any sauce or topping as we wanted. very friendly staff and quick. cool artwork on the walls, and extremely reasonable for the middle class foodie. several valley locations so check one out in a neighborhood near you. then head next door for a tasty ice cream treat.
4	Mmmm......piiiiizzaaaa.....I got the Groupon and tried this place out for the gluten free pizza crust option. It wasn't the best pizza I've ever had, but pretty darn close! I ordered the Italian, which has a hefty portion of artichoke hearts and black olives and I would have devoured the entire thing on my own had it not been for that pesky husband of mine.The gluten free crust is an extra $3.00...be forewarned if your hardcore about keeping gluten free though. They aren't very careful it seems about cross contamination and I'm not positive, but think they might have used the same cutter on the regular pizza's as mine and there was flour everywhere. Kind of defeats the purpose of eating a gluten free pizza IMO, but I'm willing to take that kind of risk. I like to live on the edge.
3	Well I wasn't blown over but I wasn't disappointed. The pizza is excellent, try the santa fe pizza but ask for extra corn, the staff isn't overly friendly or rude...indifferent maybe what they are or maybe I caught them on a bad night. The decor seems lacking but if you are going to pick up your pie or get it delivered this place may rank at 4 stars. Its a pizza place with a unique twist. Try it out. I'd go again it may not be my first choice but I'd go back.
1	I have to say I was not impressed with my pizza from Z's yesterday. I stopped in to grab two slices to go and I could not eat very much. I have had their pizza vefore at their Metro Center location and liked it but yesterday it was salty and greasy and just plain yucky. $6.00 seemed a bit pricey for two slices of cheese too!
5	I have always loved Zpizza. I haven't had it in awhile since the location near me closed and then I became a Vegan and pretty much swore off Pizza. I heard that they now have a VEGAN pizza and are serving it by the slice this weekend! (5/14-5/16)I went in for a slice and left with 4! It was pretty damn Delicious! I cant wait to go back and order up my own Vegan creation, Like the ZBQ No chicken, sub vegan cheese, I might just die! All hail Zpizza for making pizza possible for Vegans!
4	Fantastic pizza, both regular and gluten free. Plus free local delivery. Really good tuna sandwich.
4	Zeeelicious! There's nothing better than good pizza and Z sure does deliver!Thin crust.  The type of thin that's still chewy.  None of that cracker-like, might-be-a cheese crisp kind of crust.  They've mastered the ideal pie base!Appropriate amount of cheese.Organic ingredients. Gluten-free options.But the 'ZBQ' was the choice for me: BBQ sauce, chicken w/ roasted red peppers, red onion, tomatoes, cilantro and sweet corn! Definitely a taste bud tantalizer, plus this joint threw in a generous handful of red pepper flakes and parmesan sans my request!  That right there is worth a little extra doe, via tip.Also, they've got quite a few original topping combos too: curry chicken & yam w/ mango chutney.  That'll be my next pizza splurge!
4	I was recently introduced to Z Pizza and now I can't get enough. I really enjoy the variety they offer but my favorite thing is the pesto sauce!They rotate through different pizzas that you can get by the slice each day or you can order your favorite full size pizza.My Kids live this pizza. My picky eater says it is the best pizza she has ever had.
4	Burn-outs and hippies bring pizza and sandwiches right to your door! (I am fortunate enough to live near this location).  At first it was annoying that I would place the order online with explicit instructions for where my apartment was located only to find that the hippie delivery guy from Z would call my cell phone (sometimes I'd hear it ring and sometimes not) for further information.  Hijinx invariably ensue as I verbally administer the same instructions over the phone.  Now I just come to expect that when I order delivery from Z Pizza the guy who brings it to me will have blazed one up in the car on the half mile ride over to my place and will need some help getting to the door.And then, the order surprise! Until they fixed the online ordering system you truly never knew what would actually be in your custom calzone.  Now it's at least got the right ingredients, although they interpret them a little loosely sometimes (last night, for example, I requested sauce, sauce, and more sauce and they gave me only one tiny cup). I love the calzone with wheat crust (I love that you can get wheat at all), the turkey sandwich with cranberry, and my husband loves the Santa Fe pizza (which I personally find a little revolting).  The food is tasty and they bring it to my house.  I like that.  It's better than ordering from Pizza Megalopolis or some other insanely corporatized chain.  Even though Z is a chain they "keep it real" and operate like a mom and pop.  Plus they keep our local Granola Crowd employed so they can turn around and spend their cash at other local spots.  Gotta love the Z.
4	Had the provence pizza and I'm so glad I got the extra large so I would have leftovers the next day.  Pizzeria Bianco's got nothing on this place.  Interesting ingredients, delicious crust and perfectly baked (not burned).  I definitely recommend trying the hot/bbq-ish sauce they have in the condiment area on your pizza.  Not a ton but a little adds a delicious kick.Service was good, the place was clean and the food was delicious and organic!  Looking forward to lunch today  :o)
4	This is a great family place. Pretty good pizza, laid back and great ice cream at the Pink Spot right next door.  They have interesting pizzas by the slice (Greek pizza!)  My kids can act as autistic as they are and no one gives us a sideways glance.  You can get breakfast at the PinkSpot
4	It's very good but very expensive.
5	LOVE their pizzas!  ...I love the Thai Chicken Pizza & the Curry Chicken & sweet potato pizza!  ..Delicious!  I never order Pepperoni Pizza, why bother when you have all these other scrumptious pizzas to get!  It always baffles me why so many people are stuck on boring Pepperoni Pizza when there is such a variety of different pizzas to get!
4	I returned to this place on my second visit over a few weeks time. Z Pizza has 7 salad menu, 8 sandwiches, and many pizza choice selections or build it yourself in different sizes. Or you can order  the slice(s) and usually they will have 4 flavors available that rotates on a daily basis. When I came in with my party, we had the choice of Hawaiian, egg plant, pepperoni and cheese. I ended up ordering the chicken curry sandwich by which I ask them to convert to a salad.  The chicken curry salad was flavorful, healthful, colorful and one that I enjoy. Superlative ....The pizza are huge slices. When I had it last time and order one, I got addicted and ordered a second one. The pizza by the slice, are near thin and has a near clean bite to it instead of the oily and heavy stuffing feel that you get from pizza chains or warehouse places. It made me feel not guilty for my health...The cooks here do a good job in making their pizzas. Pizza slices go for about $3 and most of the menu items are about $7 .  The wait to get your ordered items is about 4-5 minutes...The inside decor is very artful for a pizza place, you have to check it out yourself if you appreciate art. The art looks like it belongs in a hip coffee shop and that is a plus for a pizza place. The place is clean and seats comfortable. There are regular tables and a comfy sofa. There are seating outside as well. Zpizza also share access to the coffee and ice cream shop next door as it is under the same management. You can choose to sit in either shop..The near midtown location makes it a ideal spot for business lunch or convenient spot. Parking is sufficient... I highly recommend this place if you need to grab a cheap and simple yet tasteful bite by yourself or plan to eat with friends and lounge afterwards at the next door coffee shop. The folks who work here are also friendly. And you can order take out too...
3	Although our piza and salad was delightful, we had the Pear and Walnut salad and the Pizza Napoli, the staff was kind of smug and unfriendly!!We called before going, at 8:45pm, to see how late they served and were told 10pm.  We arrived at 9:35.  The girl said, "you know we close at 10 right?"  We told her we would eat quickly.  She replied, "I have to mop the floor, but we have a big party back there so you should be alright".  I found this a very unpleasant way to begin our visit here.  I mean it wasn't like we walked in a 9:55 and expected 5 star service.  After all, it is only pizza and salad.  Anyway, I let it slide.Then, when the guy brought us our pizza, I had noticed a "New Times, Best Pizza Winner" sign, so I asked him if they had won this year.  He smugly said, "Oh, I'm sure several years".  I thought that was a crappy way to answer my question, since I am very familiar with these awards and didn't remeber them winning ever.  Apparently they one the reader's poll once back in 2007.  Whatever.  I might go back cuz the salad was bomb.
5	They have interesting combinations like curry chicken and yams, pear and gorgonzola....sounds bizarre, but is so flavorful! The traditional choices are available as well, along with great salads and unique sandwiches. Organic whole wheat crust and fresh ingredients make for a great pizza! Friendly staff is an added bonus.
4	We ordered 4 rusticas for delivery using their buy-one-get-one promo online. They had a great deal on rustica pizzas, but somewhere in the fine print (after our delivery) we realize that the 2-for-1 offer was limited to 1 order only. This caused lots of waiting time as the delivery boy cleared it up. They honoured the 2-for-1 so we were happy. Pretty good pizza. I like the crust. The curry chicken yam rustica and the Mediterranean were my favourites. Nothing super amazing but definitely better than your run-of-the-mill pizza joint. A great price if you get a promo deal.
4	Z Pizza is one of the best places I have discovered. Mainly because I don't like tomatoes, and Z is not totally about tomatoes either. There are so many items on their menu I have not been disappointed with, from Pesto pizza to cheesy bread to salad!! All of them tomato free.The best feature though I have to say is their insanely easy to use online ordering. Being in the user experience industry, I'm frustrated with online ordering 95% of the time. Z makes me happy though. I actually sometimes miss them if I don't order occasionally. You can customize any item with almost anything you can think of and it's very easy to walk through. They also let you know up front if you are too far away for their delivery services so you don't sign up anyway.I love you. I love you. I love you. And your use of fun ingredients like bacon and pine nuts and mushrooms :)
4	Good pizza - crispy crust,tons of toppings, and some creative combinations.Stopped in when stranded at the hospital across the street and would happily go back to this location or try the other locations.
4	Midday parking at this place is seriously a joke, but such is the case with a lot of swank midtown lunch spots. Pizza was great, my East Coast hailing girlfriend gave it a thumbs up, which for an AZ pizza place is a huge kudos. We came to check out both this and the adjoining Pink Spot Coffee and Ice cream. We ate on the ice cream side, so I can't comment much on the decor of the Z Pizza side. Good ingredients, not the usual suspects, so that is a change. I will pay for good quality pizza, so the price was in line for the quality of the food.It did a ton of lunch business but was efficient and the staff was smiling and not hating their life, which is always pleasant .
2	The good things about Z Pizza: It's open late, it's close to downtown, and they have vegan options.The bad: It's a chain, they have like 6 parking spots, and the crust sticks to your teeth.  Seriously.  Also, I don't know if it's the type of vegan cheese or the way they prepare it, but it's just not that good.  It looks and tastes fake.  Pizza Heaven does it better.This place gets the job done...but BARELY.
2	i wouldn't spend my money here any more. food is average This is odd but I've eatn Zpizza four times, three of the times its been take out from the hospital where we all threw in to get a few pizzas but my last experience was at the Thomas location and there was a girl employee that seemed to cough all over peoples pizzas and she didn't cover her mouth, gross (she must be a smoker) Good bye Thomas Zpizza, never again
4	Soo yummy!  I agree with the fact that parking can be a pain here, but its worth it.  Or, what a lot of people don't realize is that they deliver!  The pizza is a little pricey, but for the different toppings and styles they make, it's totally worth it.  Personally, I don't really like red sauce, so it's nice to find a pizza that doesn't have that as its main ingredient.  Come here (or get delivery) if you are looking for a non-traditional pizza that you want to really enjoy!
3	I really like the joint, but the food is hit or miss. The staff is very accommodating & I dig the location & the vibe inside is cool. All in all it's my new spot, but I'll take love, wealth & AMber first.
1	I considered giving Z Pizza one star but I thought I would be more generous than one of the staff members was to me. In New Times there used to be a coupon for a free slice of pizza.  I saved my coupon as it did not have an expiration date.  One day I sauntered into Z Pizza and presented my coupon and ordered a soda to go along with the pizza.  I was told by the clerk that I could not use the coupon because "too many homeless people" were using the coupon and they no longer honor the coupon.  I am not homeless nor do I "look" homeless.  Instead I was told I could order a special that included two slices of pizza and a soda.  I won't ever forget the woman behind the counter who so coldly denied me my slice of pizza.  I promised myself that I would never return.Few months later...I thought to myself "Self, you should really give Z Pizza another try.  Maybe it was just a bad day."  I called Z Pizza and asked for a delivery of a half soy and half regular cheese pizza.  In the past when I had ordered such a pizza, someone from Z Pizza was kind enough to mark which side was soy and which side was regular.  I thought the same would happen. I was wrong.  I received the pizza with no indication as to which side was soy and which side wasn't.  I called Z Pizza and asked about their soy cheese pizzas without telling them my predicament.  I was told "Our soy cheese pizzas are so good you can't tell the difference between regular and soy cheese."  I proceeded to explain that in this case, I needed to know the difference and asked why it wasn't marked.  The woman on the phone asked "How are we suppposed to do that?"  I stated that in the past the soy side of the pizza was marked by a white piece of plastic that served as both to keep the pizza box from caving in on the pizza and it also served to indicate which side was soy.  I asked to speak with a manager after I realized I was getting nowhere with the woman on the phone.  She told me I would need to call the following day if I wanted to speak with someone in charge.  I then asked them to send me a small pizza with only soy cheese as a replacement at no charge.  I was told that they would call me back once they got the ok to make me another pizza.  They called me back and stated they would give me a small soy pizza but that it was on the bottom of their delivery list and insinuated that it was not a priority.It took another hour for them to deliver the small, soy pizza.Customer service at its finest?  I think not.  Not only did I have to think for them and offer my own form of compensation for their inadequacy but it was the second time that I had been treated in poor manner.  Save your money. Come to think of it, I think I give Z Pizza just one star.  I will not bother ordering from Z Pizza ever again.
5	I have had nothing but a fantastic time with both the staff and service! I love the pizza
4	I (and co-workers; friends) have eaten here so many times over the last 6 years that it's about time that I write a review. Everything I've had here is great; I highly recommend the California salad, add chicken; balsamic dressing.  But every pizza I've had here is great too (a rotating selection), as is the Caesar.  I've also had a sandwich now and again and can't complain. Every once in a while the pizza has been sitting there a little while and is a little dry, but that's pretty rare, especially given the number of times I've eaten there. And hey, every 20 times you get a free pizza - can't beat that. (OK, 20 times seems a little high...)
2	Pizza is so-so, good hang out place just next door. Weird service.Went there today, had pear and walnut salad, that was good! The Lime Chicken sandwich was ok.
5	Ordered the casa blanca and mexican pizza  for lunch in the office.Even on a Sunday, the food was fresh,delivered fast and SOOOO filling... literally I had one piece and was full!
3	I love the ZBQ and on Tuesdays they have a special - buy one pizza at full price and get a second pizza for only $5. You can save about $15 on your second pizza with the special - it's quite the savings! Don't expect super friendly customer service here, you won't get it.
5	We love this place. We eat here every year when we visit Phoenix. Very kid friendly. Great salads. Since they do pizza by the slice too everyone gets what they want. Best part is it's attached to the Pink Spot.
5	When I have the craving for pizza, which isn't that often, Z Pizza is the best spot in Central Phoenix.  Our guilty pleasure is ordering on Tuesday nights when it's buy one, get the second for $5 (or is it half-price?  some kind of great deal)....and eating pizza while we watch Biggest Loser.  I'm always a fan of pepperoni, and their crust is crispy thin...the best way.  Also like the Casablanca...artichoke hearts, mushrooms, ricotta, parmesan, mozzarella...so tasty.  Great to have Gluten-free crust as an option, and the ingredients are fresh.  Yes, it's a small west coast chain...but they do it "right".   Friendly staff, speedy service, easy location.
5	Love it here, always will.
3	This was the 7th stop on the dine around. I'd give it 3.5, but due to our "dine and dash", I can't completely qualify my experience just yet. We came here for the napoli pizza and waited a few minutes for a fresh pie to come out of the oven. I really liked the feel of the place, and the menu was pretty expansive and looked good.Oh, I do have to say the guy at the register was super nice, and so was everyone behind the counter. We got our slices and I haven't had many white pizzas, but this was really good. The crust was delish and the ingredients were really fresh. I'll definitely hit this place up again in the future.
3	being honest the review is mainly done based on a take out order that I was able to try at a volunteer event from VPA. They brought the veggie, cheese and salami pizzas. Yes you can definitely taste the difference in the cheese, but if only they could improve a bit more the dough....that would make me feel more happy. I'm a bit picky with the dough and love the thin crisp style. Better if you use whole wheat!
4	This place deserves 3.5 stars in my opinion. Pros: The staff is attentive, they offer whole wheat selections, and the food has been good and consistent every time I have been in. The pesto pasta is fantasticCon: I think it is way over priced for what you get. The food is good but not great to warrant their prices. Second, the portions are too small for what you pay for. Unless I am jonesing for a whole wheat pizza, (which isn't often) I will go somewhere where my dollar goes further.
4	Good food and friendly staff. A little pricey for what you get.
4	This is a great lunch spot with well-priced pizza. I have never tried their pasta or salads, but those look good as well.I like that they are housed right next door to the Pink Spot, with an open breezeway connecting the two restaurants. This promotes a friendly, neighborhood-y community feel.We have ordered delivery from them before, and their artisan pizzas are way better than your typical Domino's or Pizza Hut. But I would actually advise to just eat in-store, because the delivery pizza was a little cold.Overall, a great place with a friendly vibe & lots of good healthy options!
1	Over a week for horrible customer service...Customer since 2007, not anymoreI basically wrote them off after talking my dad and family into ordering from them one night instead of Papa John's.Fresh ingredients and real food right?But after they delivered it, the pizza I ordered for dad was soggy and undercooked. (which is alway the worst when you build a place up, finally get others to try it, and get burned!)2 weeks ago for Father's Day, I was spending time with my dad and asked him what he wanted to do for dinner, he asked for Z's.I tried to persuade elsewhere, but he just wanted to relax at home.So I called up and placed an order, then ran to pick it up.When I left with it, they forgot to put the 2 slices of pizza in the bag (I looked in it and thought everything was there)Get home, realize they are missing so give them a call.me-"Hey this is Steve, I was just there, you guys forgot my 2 slices of pizza""ya, they are sitting right here"..........me- "okkkkkk, well what do you guys do in situations like this....""they are sitting right here".............me- " Ok....well we just sat down to eat, and I'm not running back up there right now, so in situations like this, what do you guys do to make this right, have the delivery driver drop them off or just refund me for them?""I will add a 5 dollar credit to your account that you can use next time"me- "uhhh I think the 2 pieces cost more than 5 bucks, so can you just refund my card back the right amount"At this point I was already DONE with this place, who forgets food then doesn't offer to make it right, THEN lowballs you on a credit?? If you are going to offer me a different amount, At LEAST offer me MORE than what I paid for not LESS!INSANE"ok I just did the refund"me- "thanks man"that's it, no apology, nothing. He also sounded like he wasn't on point, and after the way he handled it AND originally forgetting my food I was worried about the refund.I kept an eye on my credit card account, and 3 business days later, still no refund, so I called back up to find out whats going on.He never did it.Wednesday:after 20 mins on the phone, I am told that the owner will have to call me back to investigate this and issue a refund. Odd that NO ONE there can handle this or refund my moneyFriday:Still no refund and no call from the owner, so I call AGAIN and explain it all over for the 2nd time. I was told the owner would have to call me and let me know.later that day he does, is nice on the phone, says sorry, and that he can't refund me back on my credit card, that I will have to swing by to pick up the refundonce he is done, I explain how disappointed I am and how I waited almost 1 week and had to call 3 times for a refund, after not getting my food, getting a lowball credit offer, and being told I would get a refund and NOT, and that I now have to drive back up there to collect my refund. He has nothing to add but "sorry" and he is "trying to make things better there because there has been some customer service problems"------Well earlier tonight I was riding by, so decided I would grab it (a tank of gas in my bike) so went in and asked for itopen up the envelope, thinking mmmmmmaybe they will throw something in there, like a free pizza coupon to make it right, but nope6 bucks and 1 pennyIf they had thrown a coupon in, I was already mentally ready to ask for the manager and give it back. I don't want their food, or anything FREE, and that it's the principle. and I thought it would be BOSS to do, give it back :Dbut would had scored points in my book for the effortbut NOPEall of that, calling them 3 times, all just so I can drive back up there to get my money backso heads upthis is how they treat customers who have gone there for years, who's orders get forgotten, and takes them almost a week just to give a refundas a business owner, and former manager in the food industry, that isn't how you take care of your customerssuch a shame, love supporting local businesses and had recommended them to quite a few people beforeso if you are thinking about hitting this one, I HIGHLY recommend you look east, 2 buildings over, Pino's- http://www.yelp.com/biz/pinos-pizza-al-centro-phoenix , and try them outAMAZING customer service, friendly, helpful, and waaaaay better foodseriously, you can see I gave them a 5 star almost 1 year ago, that's where I've been going for pizza since
4	I love this place, everything I have had has been delicious, pizza, sandwiches, calzones, and the bread sticks( especially with the pesto sauce to dip it in ). But, if you really want something yummy, you MUST try the apple pie dessert pizza, its amazing!
1	Very disappointed. Have now ordered from them 3 times. Apparently, depending on the busy-ness of the store, you may or may not be in their delivery area. Tonight, ordered online and not a problem with that part (never stopped me mid-transaction to say no delivery). Phone rings and am politely told that it's too busy and they can't delivery to my house (though they did deliver here a few weeks ago). Very hard to find places with gluten free options, so clearly happy that they had one. However, I'll stick with Spinato's. Locally owned and operated, gluten free option and never a delivery issue. Zpizza, you lost my business over something as simple as delivery.
4	My favorite is the Thai pizza sans chicken.  Wow.  Yum!  Anyone that puts bean sprouts on their pizza and can pull it off with flair and taste has to be given kudos!  Great veggie pizza by the slice...there's always one meat, one veg, and cheese...perfect!  Cozy spot to have a beer and grab a slice.  Plus, they usually have a special for two slices and a beer...so even better!
4	This is a great place for lunch. I always get the 2 slice and drink special. Can't go wrong with awesome pizza.
4	My family and I were visiting the area after flying to Phoenix for surgery at BNI. We just happened to see this place on the way to our hotel and decided to hop on over for lunch.The pizza was top notch, in my opinion. It's obvious they use quality ingredients, and their salads look good too.The only complaint I have is that the price was a little steep. It was $50-something for one XL pepp pizza, one L pepp + sausage pizza, 3 bottles of water, and one beer. We all felt that was a bit much, but it was very good pizza. I also liked that the next door ice cream place was connected to the restaurant by a breezeway. It made it feel more like a community place. I recommend the place for pizza.
4	Good service, casual atmosphere, pizza was pretty good.
4	I'd eaten here for years. Since becoming gluten-free in late 2011- I didn't think I'd enjoy pizza again. When family was visiting before Christmas we dined in and ordered four different pies. I ordered the gluten-free Provence (capers! artichoke hearts! basil!) Everyone enjoyed their pizza, and we ended up ordering a second-gluten free Provence since everyone enjoyed a slice of mine. A couple folks in my party had wine, others had beer. After we ate, we took the kids next door to Pink Spot where everyone enjoyed ice cream and sorbet.
5	good pizza good service
4	Short and sweet if you are looking for a GREAT to go pizza with organic ingredients and amazing quality these are your guys. Z pizza made me forget about movie night and Im just calling it pizza night now :)
4	Yummy!  Their Napoli pizza is a vegetarian dream!  I've stopped in and eaten at this location several times and it is always clean and the pizza is hot.  My work has ordered pizza from here for dinner and it arrived hot and tasty.  They have so many different options.  If you're bored with your regular pizza joint, give Z a try.
5	I don't see a single "negative" review.  zPizza is the best gluten-free option in the Phoenix metro area!! It's a small family owned business in the heart of Central Phoenix. If you don't live close, come anyway. The food and service is worth the drive! While you're there, try a dessert at the Pink Spot next door. Yummy!
4	I love being able to get a slice of pizza whenever I feel, but I wish that they had a waitress that wasn't as condescending during the entire order process. Strictly transactional, doesn't really talk to you, and sends you off on your way with some fine vegetarian eats. I really love the food there, the salads even are amazing, and with better service, it would have been a 5 star. They should be lucky they don't work for tips!
3	I'm all-in with any place that touts organic ingredients, so I wanted to give this place a whirl. After two visits, I'm just inclined to say "It's all right, I guess."The pizza is more impressive than typical chain pizzas, of course, but both pizzas I tried (first being some Greek pizza and the second a masterpiece of my chosen ingredients) were pretty salty and greasy. I'm a fan of thicker-crust pizzas, Chicago-style and the like, so I wasn't super pleased with these more thin-skinned slices; but if you like that kinda thing..Customer service here could also use work; it's not absolutely horrible, but both times I went the service lady (two different ones) gave the impression that I was holding her up or something. The second one, who I told we were going to be a second in deciding on our pizzas, said "okay" and stood and stared at us as we uncomfortably perused the menu. Better than disappearing, I guess, but still kind of jarring. The whole staff seems kind of "irreverent hipstery," and I can't stress that vibe of "We have something better to do" more.The ingredients seem pretty good, though, and there are plenty to choose from for you out there who enjoy a slew of exotic flavors on your pie. I'd recommend it over most pizza places, just say to order carry-out online so you don't have to deal much with customer service and to shy away from any oil-based sauce (pesto/olive oil whatever) so you won't have an oil rag for a slice of pizza.
4	It's pretty tasty stuff! They offer some interesting pizzas and the ingredients are usually pretty fresh. Sometimes if you go in at kind of a slow hour and get a slice, it'll be a little on the 'meh' side. The calzones are pretty good, they'll fill the craving if you have one. Honestly what I am a big fan of at zPizza is their sandwiches and salads. They're flavorful, fresh, and the bread is awesome. The salads have interesting combinations and are a nice size. Hit Pink Spot next door afterward for maximum gluttony.
4	My fiancee and I stopped by for lunch in-between classes to grab a slice of pizza. We'd been to Z Pizza once before and it was pretty good.Apparently they had just opened because they had no slices out, and they told us it would be 10 minutes before it was ready. Technically they opened early, a little less than 10 minutes, so I think they were on time with preparation for the most part. The manager made sure to let us know they always try to open early for our benefit. We browsed the local art (all 'abstract') on the walls, looked at the shop connected which had ice cream, interesting treats, and breakfast/lunch foods, but we ended up waiting for the pizza because we wanted something real and tasty (and less than $4-5 for one item). One slice of pizza came out to about $3, which I expected since they are smaller and more specialty. The thing that made me happy was that it was a decently sized slice for both of us to share. It was the American, which was awesome. Fresh ingredients, bright colors, REAL thin crust (nice and crispy, yummy even plain), and not as much of a greasy feeling that is usually found in other pizzas that are loaded with too much cheese or whatever. There was a little bit of a water/grease mixture that dripped off in the first handling, but that is just because of the fresh veggies and meat and cheese. If your meat and cheese doesn't have a drop of grease when cooked, something isn't right. This was in no way soggy or dense with grease. It was really a perfect slice of pizza to be honest.The only thing that made me worried was a common nat or two flying around. With ingredients that are mixed and prepped on the open-aired counter-tops, that is a worry for me. It's not something very controllable by the employees or store hygiene, so I don't lose customer satisfaction, but I wonder if they ever get baked into the mix every 10,000th pizza. The irony is that there was one in the menu viewing box at the entry. I will stress that the place practices cleanly standards from what I observed.All in all I know I am a satisfied customer when I don't regret spending my money and time and energy into going somewhere, which happens often. Z Pizza has a nice local, casual feel, not as concerned about a fake approach to you when you are there, and hey, they even warned us that the slice was really hot. It's about the quality of the food/time without being ripped off, and the food quality was really awesome! My fiancee and I would probably come here again for a close-by solution for hunger when we are waiting for our next class.*If you want a more cafe atmosphere, the location on Central is good for that. They have live music near the outdoor seating weekly as far as I know, usually kind of jazzy.P.S. Thumbs up for having same-priced gluten free options for pizza!
4	Last week, my friend and I went to Z Pizza and had some great thin crust pizzas. She called in the order and asked about the crust being gluten free, which it is. (That was only for a FYI purpose, not because we wanted gluten free). When she placed the order the person let her know that something we got as a topping was not gluten free, which was totally OK with us. She got a call back later from another person letting her know the same info. That is a good customer service touch and we both wanted to give Z Pizza a shout out for taking care of their customers. Plus...their pizzas are really yummy!
3	Yet another place I only choose when at work, having either forgotten or been too lazy or rushed to bring in my own dinner, and want something delivered instead of going out.Happily, I don't special order anything - and my last couple orders have been the pear and gorgonzola rustica pizza. It's tasty. It's fresh, and it's filling. I think it's overpriced for what it is, but we don't have that many decent delivery options, so I'll deal with it.I attempted the hummus once. Small portion, way too runny and completely lacking in flavor.The special orders seem to be an issue. A coworker ordered the turkey sandwich and asked them to hold the tomato. That apparently was translated to hold the cranberry sauce, too. Pity - she really likes the cran. In fact - anytime any of us have asked for any "special" handling of our meals, there has been an error.So - I'll stick with my pear and gorgonzola when the decision to order Z Pizza is made - and hope it continues to be A-OK.
5	What more could you want in a casual pizza place?!A variety of pizza's on the menu, other items as well.  A distinctive feeling and style.  A happy crew serving you deliciousness.  When I'm hanging around this area again, I'll be back!
2	I have been debating on posting  a review for quite a while on Zpizza, I'm torn. On one hand, their pizzas are addicting and delicious. Their (usually) perfectly crafted and aesthetically pleasing. The best thing about them is the variety. Its no longer cheese, pepperoni or sausage, they bring new elements to the table.     BUT, on the other hand, the one thing they are truly lacking in their business is genuine customer service and communication among themselves. About 2 months ago, I ordered two simple pizzas, the Thai (my personal favorite) and the ZBBQ (my boyfriends personal favorite). Because neither of us eat meat, I simply asked them for NO chicken. I have ordered from them many times, so I wasn't the least bit worried. I waited 45 minutes for it and when it arrived my pizzas were both covered in chicken, so we obviously couldn't eat them. I called and spoke with a manger just to say "Hey, this kind of sucks!" she then told me sorry and that I can have a free small pizza. So, still being hungry I decided to place another order (why not?).45 minutes later I receive the same order and even tipped the guy generously for having to come out again. Well, what to you know, there's no chicken! But wait, there's also nothing else on the pizza except cheese. Awesome. Twice in one day on the same order. This has also happened several more times since. For me, customer service is a big part of running a business. If you keep screwing up orders because you fail to communicate with your team you're going to lose valuable customers.
3	Gluten-free, vegan pizza. Friendly, helpful staff. Exciting topping options like shiitake mushrooms and zucchini. Awesome. The crust was a little overcooked.
1	Nasty and cold. If you're not ordering pizza that has been sitting under the heater for awhile, then you'll be waiting for quite some time to receive your order. My mistake of ordering pizza that has been sitting for too long because it was gross.
2	I've been meaning to try this cute little pizza shop forever and we finally took the plunge last night. I grew up on Papa Johns and Pizza Hut living in a small town and while I love those too, I also like the fancier, more simple pizzas that come from Cibo and the like. I wasn't in the mood for the fancy types of pizza and Pomo doesn't deliver so we decided to give it a try. After looking at the menu, I was excited to see that it was organic and seemed like a fairly healthy choice when pizza typically can wreck a diet. We ordered the Pear and Gorgonzola salad (large), a small American pizza and a chicken sausage Rustica pizza. Ordering for delivery was quick over the phone and the total came to $30. That's a bit steep for delivery considering the regular chains have some incredible deals now but oh well, I decided it was worth the try! Estimated delivery time on a Sunday evening was 30-45 minutes.I was pleased that the pizza's arrived much faster, probably closer to 20 minutes. The salad was large and for $8.50 it was pretty good. The balsamic vinaigrette dressing was a bit sour but it complemented the salad pretty well. As for the pizza's, neither was that great. I had requested extra sauce and my first piece of American basically had all the toppings slide off when I grabbed the piece and the dough was undercooked. I thought because their crust is advertised as thin and crispy that it could have handled it but it didn't even come close. The overall flavor was decent but the presentation reminded me of something you get at a pizza buffet. It looked like a highly processed pizza to me and I know Papa Johns is way better if I'm going to go that kind of route. I had one piece of the chicken sausage pizza and did not like the sausage at all. It looked really processed in this weird oval shape and didn't like the flavor at all. Overall that pizza, minus the arugula (because since when is peppery lettuce so vogue?!?!) was pretty bland. Sadly, we won't be ordering pizza from here again but I might swing by for the salad sometime. One star for the salad, one star for the fast delivery.
4	This is the best gluten free pizza crust I've had in town so far.   Good pizza and salads not to mention there is a dessert shop next door that is connected.
5	Whenever I order pizza, it's almost always from Z Pizza. Everything is fresh and delicious and the wait is never long. I really enjoy eating there as well because of all of the options they have available. From vegan pizza to sub sandwiches, whatever you may be in the mood for, they've got it. I'm actually on a personal mission to find the best pizza place in town and so far, Z Pizza is at the top of my list.
4	Good pizza. Great fresh ingredients. Good thickness on crust. Even taste good the next day cold.
2	I've had a love/hate relationship with zpizza since moving to the valley almost a year ago.  I like the idea of a healthier alternative to pizza and the salads are also delicious.  The combo with a slice, salad and drink is a great deal and I've eaten there many times for lunch or dinner.  I've always found the pizza to be OK...not great,  but just above mediocre and with the good price and great salad, I've found it to be a good option.  It's also nice that it's (usually) fast, so you can eat there in 30-40 minutes if you choose a pizza slice that's already prepared in the case by the front.  This was the driving force to my husband & I choosing to eat there recently.  We had an hour to get to a theatre show and needed dinner.  zpizza was on the way, so we decided to try it.  There wasn't a line to order and the dine-in area wasn't very crowded.  We both ordered the salad/slice combo.  While ordering, a 1/2 pepperoni 1/2 something else pizza was placed in the case.  I asked if the pepperoni slices were available (as they weren't on the sign) and the cashier said yes.  We both ordered pepperoni slices and paid and sat down to wait.  And wait we did....salads took a bit longer than usual and when they brought my husband's it was covered in dressing although he had specifically ordered it dry.  I think the guy expected him to be OK with it and eat it anyway, but he really doesn't like dressing.  He sent it back and had to wait again.  After finishing our salads, still NO PIZZA.  I went up to ask what was taking so long to heat up 2 slices, and was told that the pepperoni was not available so they were making a new pie.  I told them we picked it b/c it was already made and we were in a hurry, and they were now telling me 10 MORE minutes for the pepperoni.  I asked to switch our slices to the Napoli which was in the case, which they did.  They heated those up and served them with an apology, but a rather apathetic one.  Unfortunately, those slices didn't taste great, but we choked them down and ran out the door to be barely on time for the show.  I just don't understand why they couldn't have told me the slices in the case weren't available and that there would be a 25 minute wait.  At that point, we could've ordered a whole pizza or chosen a different place to eat.  Also, the employees all seem a little bit snobbish and don't seem to care a bit about customer service.  I think I'll be taking my pizza business elsewhere in the valley, which is unfortunate b/c zpizza is so close by.
5	Love Z Pizza! Seriously never had a bad pizza here. ZBQ is delicious!
4	We wanted to try something new, and we found this small little place. Great food, the pizza was delicious ( do not order by slice, buy a whole one.. It'll be fresher and taste better). And then if you are not full, the amazing part is that is connected with the pink place, where they sell desserts and smoothies. I give it 4 stars because the employees are lacking customer service skills. But good place overall
3	I really want to give ZPizza 4 stars, but it's just not a 4-star pizzeria. Their veggie pizza is the best out of any 'delivery' I've had but doesn't rival Cibo or even Sauce.  The upside: Good veggie/vegan options.- You can opt for the whole wheat crust for no extra charge (the gluten-free crust is a $3-4 upcharge). -Their California Veggie and Moroccan eggplant pesto pizza are divine. -There's an ice cream parlor next door.- Their iced tea isn't awful.The downside:  THE SERVICE.- We always order and pick up -- and are consistently on hold for more than 5 minutes, often times having to call back because they hung up. - There are a few people working at this location who clearly hate their jobs. Their attitude and manner is really unpleasant to be around. I get it, you work at a pizza place and you're not that happy... but WHY take it out on the customers? I came in the other night and watched a guy stand in line in front of me for about 8 minutes (he was already there when I arrived), while the girl at the front was on the phone. There's another register.. yet no one came up to help him. He ordered slices and by the time I told them what I was picking up, added a slice and got my drinks, he was STILL waiting. This poor guy waited 20 minutes just to get 2 slices of pizza that was already premade and in the case! That's just careless service.
3	This place is okay for the price. The pizzas taste a lot like back home in Chicago. Love that they have gluten free and more green options. They are nice people and the service is pretty great, which earns most of its ratings.Pizzas are kind of expensive, though. Their salads aren't really all that special.Also, figuring out their menu online is impossible. You have to sign up just to look at it, and honestly I don't need any more emails about anything in my inbox.I also have spent at least $5 on a meal at least a dozen times, and I haven't forgotten about giving them my phone number but my points towards a free pizza don't add up. I wish this was somehow fixed because I feel I would be close to some free pizza, but alas I will likely continue to eat here.
5	Zpizza is so good! I order on-line because I work downtown in an office and don't get to leave my desk often. They have a 10.00 minimum charge which I think is pretty normal and standard. Their pizza is so delicious! Crust is soft and flavorful and they put lots of cheese and ingredients! If you order on-line you can make special comments or tell them exactly how you want your order and they make it accordingly. Very good! Love this place!
1	I went to Z PIzza out of convenience. It is within walking distance from the ER and the person who was in the ER was irrationally hungry. At 6:30 on Sunday night I walked to Z Pizza to get 4 slices of pizza because it was faster than ordering a full pizza. The slices were awful. They were old. They cost $13. They were only barely warmed in the pizza oven. If you don't see the pizzas come out of the oven then don't expect them to be good. Lesson learned.
5	The pizza is very delicious and the ingredients are fresh. The gluten free crust is good.
5	I've had their "3 Z" lunch special a few times. Usually grab two slices (I've always gotten the daily specialty pizza) and a half salad. $7.99 and it fills me up for hours.
5	I give 5 stars on the pizzas, but THREE STARS on the service. I waited 15 minutes to be greeted and to get my order... Her having a conversation with her co workers being drunk last night was more important I guess.lolzAnyways.  The Moroccan pizza with the best pizza I've ever had, who knew to put pine nuts on your pizza:))The mushroom and cheese pizza was mediocre. But it was still good, we sat in the pink spot side. Which was the ice cream shop. Super cute, love the environment. I love all the books :))  I end up getting the cappuccino crunch ice cream. It was magnificent. I shall come back for that!
2	So bummed usually very good but tonight my pizza was watery and not done in middle. Ur delivery is better than this . Had to try n rebake didn't work ! Yuck
5	I went here over 2 years ago on a date. My now fiance took me here on one of our first dates and I had pepperoni and it was amazing, but for some reason we never went back until last light. I am now attempting to be vegan (or just have a more plant based diet) and I tried their berkeley vegan pizza. I ordered it in small (personal pizza) and it was very delicious. You get a lot of veggies for the price you pay ($11) and it was vegan meat crumbles. I am very happy because I love pizza and now i don't have to say good bye to pizza, this is a very delicious substitution over the real thing.
2	Food is great. Lots of options. But customer service is not so great. Which for us is a big deal. The third time we ordered it took forever to get there and both pizzas were cold and the ice cream sandwich was liquid. Normally they bring the frozen treats in a cooler so their frozen when they get to you. Not this time. And the driver even said she don't grab a cooler, so we might want to put it in the freezer. I also got food poisoning that night from the pizza. I called the restaurant just to let them know everything was cold but no manager was there. They said she'd get back to me. Two days later I call again and the manger has no idea what happened. I explained our experience and she tells me good poisoning takes longer than 24 hours to kick in...?!?!  I've had food poisoning many times and it's sudden! Anyways we probably won't order anymore just because the service was so bad.
5	Best pizza in Phoenix. The ZBQ is so good. I normally order a half ZBQ half pepperoni and ricotta pizza. Always fresh. And delivery time is quick. There's no reason to go anywhere else for pizza. I love this place.
2	some of the specialty pies are ok, but the slices are overpriced AND OH DEAR LORD DO NOT EVER ORDER THE WINGS. they are the worst wings i have ever had. not crisp at all, im pretty sure they were cooked then left in hot storage. gummy, gooey, these are not words a wing afficiando wants to hear.
5	My boyfriend turned me onto zpizza...I fell in love right away! When we are in the area we usually stop in for a slice. His favorite is the Tuscan Mushroom, and it really is fabulous. I love the salads also and that they use organic ingredients. If I lived closer I would def be here more!
3	The food is much like all other zpizza locations- always good, always fresh and always pretty standard size/taste/portion-wise, etc. I usually always get the same thing at zpizza, but usually go to the Downtown Phoenix location near CityScape. To my knowledge, I ordered the same thing as usual and with my order and another usual entree, it seemed to be $5-10 more than the CityScape location....which is weird.The staff is really unprofessional, had awkward "night out" stories that they were loudly telling in front of customers. I had to walk up to the counter and wait to get a box, as I was being seemingly ignored, but one of the employees was eager to help me once he noticed me.It is conveniently placed near/connected to a dessert/cafe that looks cute, too, but I did not try it. This place might be better for take-out or delivery, but I'm not sure. It just wasn't as good of an experience as other zpizzas that I have been to.
3	I usually really love the vegan pizza, but today I got it by the slice and it was horrible. I got it to go and when I got home 5 minutes later, it was cold. I don't want to give them less then 3 stars because I really like the place. But I spent way too much money on cold pizza that didn't taste good anyways.I'll probably go back, but I am never getting pizza by the slice again.
2	Very disappointed in the delivery service. My friend and I ordered two salads for delivery, we were told that the delivery would arrive between 35 and 40 minutes. It did not arrive for an hour and a half! The delivery guy that showed up looked completely stoned, his eyes were bloodshot And super red. The salads themselves were sub par. We both paid an additional 2 dollars for grilled chicken and received 3 to 4 strips of chicken that looked and tasted like they were out of a can. Overall very unpleasant experience, I will not be placing a delivery with them ever again, and pretty sure I wouldn't even go for dine in.
2	How s the Pizza ? I,ve no Idea . After fiquireing out the web site , put in the order , get a call from the store to confirm the order , I waited 1 hour 20 minutes and its still not here . I called the store , Oh he left 25 minutes ago with 2 deliveries . Ok Cancel mine , you can imagine what its like once it get here after 30 minutes . On a Tuesday night There has to be an easier way to get Pizza than ZPizza . Gooood Bye Zpizza !
2	I'm a bit frustrated. I love the pizza, but the place is always dirty; at least, the past three times that I have been here. The bathroom had mold around the waterline in the toilet and the walls in the dining room were dirty. Now I'm not eating out if the toilet nor off the walls, but it doesn't make you feel good. Today I went to sit down at 4 different tables, having to continuously move due to the crumbs on each table. So, choosing the bar across from the cashier brought me closer to watching how they prepare the pizza. The guy wears no food handlers gloves! Just hands on cheese on my pizza! No thanks! Fare Z well!
2	Mediocre at best. The pizza is bland and soggy. The wings are 99% fat 1% Franks Red Hot sauce( maybe franks buffalo) the bread sticks are actually pretty good. The delivery time can't be beat. Pinos pizza is significantly better.
4	Love the gluten-free options and late hours, thanks!
2	No doubt the pizza is excellent here, but the service sucks! The first time I went there, there was a line outside the door. To their credit both registers were manned, but when it came to be my turn, the cashier (Asian female) decided she didn't want to do any more work and just wandered off. When she decided to come back, she spent the next 15 minutes chatting to her friend on her phone. Eventually she decided to serve me and got the order wrong. Gee thanks for nothing lady. The second time I decided to call the order in. Hello Z Pizza, can you hold? Can you hold some more? Hello can you hold? Unfortunately they don't wait for you to answer before putting you on hold, so you are SOL. I began the call when I was a 30 minute drive from the place and finished the call in their parking lot. I walk in expecting the place to be slammed, but no, it's dead. More employees than customers and guess what, they're chat, chat, chatting away - with each other. This place would be great with an effective manager in place. Or maybe just any manager
4	A friend and I decided to meet here, I've been before to the place next door (the Pink Spot where they have homemade ice cream, desserts, salads, wraps,ect...)  We sat on the ZPizza side and ordered a veggie pizza with no olives. Service was quick, friendly and helpful. I love a crisp, thin & tasty crust...and this was pretty good!  I'll definitely be back.
5	Delicious pizza, I love the crust. I took my daughter here for her birthday and she loved that there was a couch to eat on and an ice cream place built in :) The wings were good but spicy.
4	We live near Z Pizza and have ordered it a number of times recently - it's good - but the reason I'm leaving this review is because I just tried their gluten free pizza tonight, and I'm totally a fan!  I don't have much to compare it with in terms of gf, but I had a third slice ...I just wanted more!  My rating isn't 5 stars because I thought they skimped a bit on the sauce ...but you know I will definitely be back for the gf and I appreciate that they offer it as an option.
1	Went in with date for dinner, our first time inside the restaurant on Thomas and the place looked clean, but not any special decor or anything.  I did order wings and pizza (large) with traditional toppings and two beverages for $35 and paid upfront.  The wings were covered in sauce and turned out well done on the inside but somehow the skin was wet and soggy.  Gross.  The pizza was a thin crust which is good, but it too had lots of "juice" under the center of the pizza making it soggy and the juice looked like black water.  Gross.  A waste of $35!  A side note, the service was so poor from the cashier dude that thinks he should be given a tip before the food is even served.  He also made a verbal comment out loud that he was working for free.  I am sure zpizza has quality ingredients, but the wings made us both sick for the night which means another lost customer telling a hundred others not to visit this hole in the wall.
3	Great food! Delicious fresh pizza. Service a little slow. I knocked off a star because they don't recycle. That was a big surprise for a restaurant with organic food.
5	It is the best pizza.   Great for all types of people.   Vegans, vegetarians, gluten free and all natural.   My daughter got my husband and I hooked a few years ago and now I can say is the only pizza place that we'll go to.
3	Pizza is decent...not spectacular. We ordered a large and two sodas and the total came to $25. I wouldn't go out of my way to return.
5	Ordered delivery from this location and I was impressed. I ordered two half salads and a small Provence pizza with chicken sausage.The pizza was cooked perfectly, and was not soggy at all, despite being delivered. Growing up on the east coast in NY, I am used to and prefer thinner crust pizzas. If you like thin crusts and organic ingredients, ZPizza will not disappoint. The salads were good too, but they were nothing special. Overall, I am happy I gave ZPizza a try and will order again!
2	I tried a pepperoni pizza with extra cheese from zpizza on Sunday. It was just ok. Pretty dry as there was not much sauce under the cheese and extra cheese didn't quite reach the real extra cheese level to me. If my pizza was extra cheese, I'd hate to see what a regular amount of cheese would be. My last bite seemed to have all the sauce I wished would have been in each bite. At $18.95 (including tax) for a one item with extra cheese thin crust 14"  pizza, definitely not worth the price despite all the organic claims on the box. However, as organic goes, this wasn't bad by any means. Service was good, they quoted me 15-20 minutes and the pizza was hot and ready when I arrived. The price alone will prevent me from coming back.
1	**FINAL UPDATE**12/11/14 I never received a reply from Brandi Babb. I would consider this closed after this much time. This company is horrible even at a corporate level. 10/23/14 I was able to make contact with the corporate offices of Zpizza. A woman named Brandi Babb sent me an email asking how she could help. I have detailed to her all of my updates and information about my experience and how little this location has done to make the situation right. I will post her response once I have received it.UPDATE 10/18/14 I just received an email from the BBB advising they still have not received a response over a month later. BBB has closed the case and states this will have an "adverse" effect on ZPizza's rating. I was provided horrible service and even worse product and still, I was not refunded. Great job ZPizza. You've shown what type of business you really are. UPDATE 10/10/14 I just got an email from the Better Business Bureau and they say ZPizza still has not responded to them. ZPizza also has not made an attempt at contacting me. BBB will give them more time to respond before closing the complaint. UPDATE 09/17/14 I have filed my complaint with the Better Business Bureau today. I waited over a week for zpizza to call back and they didn't. I called them 09/16/14 and spoke with a nice girl named Harley who gave my information to the GM. The GM called me back on 09/17/14 and left a voicemail and didn't give his name. He defended what Sean, the manager in training, told me and said they won't refund me since I waited until the next day to file my complaint. He said "this is the end game" and declined my refund request. They've wasted more money responding to my complaints than the pizza is worth. Update coming soon....UPDATE 09/10/14: I contacted corporate and they have forwarded an email to the owner resolve the issue within 48 hours.UPDATE 09/09/14 ZPizza is making it impossible to get my refund. The manager, Sean, said, at the time of my call, that it's been "almost 24 hours" since I was there so they can't refund. I went to ZPizza right after work to submit my complaint. It had been maybe 17 to 18 hours. He says the sauce is organic so it evaporates into the cheese. He says the pizza was cooked even though it was cold and the vegetables were raw. I am waiting for his callback since he has to check with the owner to get approval for a refund. As a business owner, why hire a manager if you give them no power? They offered me a free pizza which I declined. I hate this place and don't want to eat there again. I want my money back. Next step is corporate and then the BBB. -------ORIGINAL REVIEW-------What a terrible experience. To order, it took the order taker at least 5 minutes because he didn't know the computer. He was dressed differently from all the other employees. I'm guessing he was a supervisor. I specifically asked him if he would call our name when our order was ready. He said yes and said it'd be ready in 15 minutes. We waited 25. When I got tired of sitting around, I walked up to the register and the man seemed surprised and very quickly handed my order to me. It had been ready for an amount of time but we were never called. Got home, cheese was rubbery. Ingredients were undercooked. Also, NO PIZZA SAUCE. What's wrong with these people? I put it in my oven for 10 minutes and it looked better. Taste was a 2 on a 10 scale. Again, no sauce. I would have gone back but, after waiting 20 minutes for my order, I was starving and didn't want to turn a simple pizza trip into a one hour ordeal. I posted some pictures of my pizza for the skeptics. I read good things about this place and am greatly disappointed. Over $20 for one large pizza and this is what I got?
2	Meh. This place is alright. I always say even the worst pizza is still good pizza because well, it's pizza. This place was alright. I ended up getting the thai pizza. The flavour wasn't bad, it seemed fresh. The only thing i really have to complain about is the service. The manager working the counter was extremely rude and treated his employees terribly in front of me. Also, my pizza crust was charred, like black. I hadn't noticed that until I had got to the drive in theater where we were taking our pizzas and couldn't do much since we were all starving by that time. Definitely would be into trying a different pizza place next time i'm in in phoenix.
4	For the price, for the niche, this place is good. I enjoy the 2 slice 20 oz drink lunch combo. I like to keep it simple here, the ingredients are good, simple good ingredients will always pay off. This place isn't the 5 star pizzeria but it sells slices and delivers to my doorstep. Stick to the pizza and enjoy the price and convenience.
5	Love the Thai Chicken pizza! They are the best.
2	I really wanted to like this place. Sadly, our pizza was cold and underdone. It didn't improve, even after being put in our oven. We ended up throwing it out. Two stars for their use of organic and local ingredients.
1	Just went in to grab a small pizza after a 12 hour work day. Ordered a Casablanca WITHOUT mushrooms. Girl behind the counter even repeated it to me.....when I picked it up they repeated again NO MUSHROOMS and even opened the box to look at it...get home, SURPRISE!!!! MUSHROOMS. Baked all into this pizza. Thanks for the fungus. Make sure you check your pizza before you leave.....
4	Ask if they have the apple pie pizza. It is decadent.  We usually get home delivery from zpizza.  Yesterday we got a vegetable calzone, salad and wings. Everything was as expected and temperature perfect.  Try the BBQ wings - they are sweet, crispy and not overly sauced.
2	Only 2 Stars: Z-Pizza on Thomas: Haven't been here in a while because we have been going to the nearby FIRED PIE at Park Central instead, which is waaaay better!  But I received an e-mail for a free small pizza for my birthday, so we decided to return to z-pizza for that. I ordered the Thai Pizza & was disappointed....  The peanut sauce lacked any yummy flavor, quite bland, & it was missing one of the toppings that it was supposed to have....no carrots. I complained up at the counter, & to compensate, they gave me a free drink. That was nice of them, but they should have told me up front, & not assume that I wouldn't realize that one of the toppings was missing, because I used to get the Thai Pizza all the time & I remember lots of carrots on it!  There was hardly any red onions or bean sprouts on it either!  However, there was a fair amount of chicken on it.  I will not be returning to z-pizza again.  FIRED PIE, here we come!~  Also, the chairs make a LOT of noise there when they're moved around...annoying!
5	ZPizza sports some of the best pizzas in Phoenix! They have many unique pizza options such as the mexican and Thai pizzas, that I have never seen anywhere else. They use organic ingredients and have gluten free options. Always get great service everytime I go in, the staff is very friendly and  pizzas always come out in a timely manner and are piping hot. They even have local artwork on display in the dining room. What's not to love about this place?
