1	I had called ahead and told them it was my Anniversary they could have cared less ... from the attitude at the front desk we never did order it was so bad we left there are to many other places to eat in Charlotte this place has a attitude I tried to explain to the manager they where busy she said she could get me another table .... I said no thanks I had a reservation WOULD NEVER GO BACK EVER . I did contact their corporate office mind you this was the second time I had problems with Ruth Chris in 2 states 3 weeks earlier in Ohio the server broke our plate glass everywhere and she came back with our steak  about 3 minutes later and I asked her if it was the same steak .... I did not want to eat glass she said no I checked every piece I ate then before that the same server told us how the salad size has been cut in half the last month or so TERRIBLE.! We finally where  sent to the Ruth Chris in Greensboro NC ( threw their Corp office ) and the meal was very good I should not have had to go threw all that to get a good meal!!
2	Went here by myself on a whim while traveling on business. Nice touch is the complimentary valet parking at the curb. For all the hype, the food is passable. I would expect more when paying $39 for a steak. That's a loss of a star. Presentation was lacking... It came served by itself on a little white plate. The carafe holding the mashed potatoes was larger. Two small shrimp accompanied it. That's a loss of a 1/2 star. The service takes away another star. They were pleasant and personable enough, but there's no need for them to know my name...I probably won't be back there again. Also, too many servers/waitstaff were in the soup. One took my drink order. Another took my dinner order. Still another took my dessert order. The last guy didn't know that I ordered one of their specials that came with salad, dessert and entree and he tried to sell me another expensive dessert. That's my biggest gripe....Why does an upscale, expensive place like this constantly try to upsell you every time they come to the table? I don't need suggestions off the menu. If I wanted the additional lobster tail for $18, I'll order it myself. I don't want to order a more expensive dessert than what I wanted. I felt like they were holding me by the legs upside down until all of the money fell out of my pockets.
5	This review is for the bar and bar staff ONLY. 5 Stars ++ for them. I come here often after work, both alone and with friends, to socialize or perhaps finish up some work in a generally quiet setting and it feels like Norm walking into cheers the way we are greeted. Very friendly and accommodating to say the least. David, Brian, Katie, Angie, etc. are all excellent at both the technical aspects of bar-tending but, even better, at the attentive service side as well. They make us feel special on each and every visit and it is always a much appreciated oasis after a challenging work day.
4	Somebody say butter & steak?! Hmm....must be Ruth's Chris. Steaks come out on a 1500 degree plate with light, regular or heavy butter beneath the steak. I know how it sounds, but it's quitet good. Go for the light butter like I do and you'll be fine and still get a great experience. Nice bar area and a decent outdoor seating area right on Tryon for people watching. Sides are great with many options. If you're an Opentable.com fan, check out the pre-7pm time for a quick 1,000 points.This is #4 for me on Top 5 Charlotte Steakhouses
5	Wow, could our dinner have been any better?  I don't see how.  We received a $25 gift card and purchased an additional card at a discount to finally try this upscale restaurant.  From the moment we walked in we were treated like very special guests.  The service was perfect and  Colleen was the most delightful and attentive server.  I began with the largest wedge salad I've ever had, then came our steaks, of course cooked to perfection.  I had a med rare petite filet and hubby had the highly recommended rib-eye.  We knew we wouldn't need any more sides, but ordered a mashed potato plate.  A delicious glass of wine and a chocolate dessert later, we were both very happy, content and pleasantly full.
4	We decided to try out Ruth's Chris during restaurant week and it was pretty darn good.  Under normal circumstances I can't justify spending $100+ on a meal for two people but during restaurant week we were able to get amazing food for almost half the cost.The customer service was excellent!  They provide free valet and the hostess checked our coats as we walked in the door.  We had to wait an extra 20 minutes on our table even with a reservation, but that can probably be attributed to restaurant week.  Our server was outstanding as they usually are for upscale restaurants.The restaurant week menu is limited but all I wanted was a filet so I was totally satisfied with the options.  The steak was perfectly cooked and each bite melted in my mouth!  So delicious!  We ordered a side of creamed spinach and mashed potatoes which were also quite good.  The chocolate sin cake dessert is more like a dark chocolate slice of fudge or flourless cake.  It was very good but not quite what I was expecting.This is a great place to go to celebrate a special occasion, or if you just don't mind spending a little extra money for a nice meal.
4	i admit, i'm one of the 'i'll only see you during Restaurant Week Mr. Fancy Pants Restaurant' people. i was very satisfied with my pork chop ($10 upgrade...yeah, big spender) and mashed potatoes. i thought i liked spinach these days, but wasn't a fan of it that night. Service all around was as good as it should be. Overall, excellent service and delicious food. Free valet was nice to see as we were wondering where to park on our way there. They were a little backed up, but nothing a short delay in the bar area can't fix. Actually let me watch some of the basketball game i would have missed otherwise.
5	Love everything about this place. The bartenders who make me feel special the food which is top notch. Prime beef cooked to temp and served on a sizzling plate drenched in butter ... O M G!  Heaven on earth. Why 5 stars?  Because of the one time the food was not top notch.  Eating in the dining room with my wife and had ordered the large filet.  It was fine  but had one smallish portion of it that was a bit fatty/gristly.  I left that part on the plate but had had plenty of good medium-rare steak to be fully satisfied.  Our waiter came up and saw the small pile and asked if everything was  ok.  I just said there was this little bit that wasn't good but that it was no problem at all.  Next thing we know the Executive Chef is at the table profusely apologizing, saying that cut should not have gone out.  The steak is off the bill and we got two free desserts.  All without really having a complaint.  THAT is commitment to quality and customer loyalty.
5	Love this place. Been their several times. Just order the Bone in rib-eye, couple of sides and you will be find. DO NOT ORDER ANYTHING ELSE. I have tried everything in their menu. Bring your favorite bottle of wine. No corkage fee. Free valet
2	SIGH! Ok..I'm a foodie that has eaten all over the country.  Appetizer of Calamari was good. Salad. Good.  Dinner...Filet, exceptable...Lobster tail..inexcusable.  No resturant of this level should serve seafood grossly overcooked.  The meat would not pull away from the shell.  Extremely chewy.  So much for a good anniversary dinner. Skip Ruth's Chris and go two blocks over to Flemings.  Dessert..chocolate sponge cake with ice cream. Service was excellent but food was not.  Will not waste time and money here again.
3	Since my last review,  Ruth's Chris invited my husband and I back for a "recertification" of their restaurant.   Mama always said..NEVER turn down a free meal.  Fergus is an excellent waiter.  Request him, you will not be disappointed in the service.  Calamari..was delicious as was the salad.  Lobster and filet was cooked correctly.  We had the chocolate sin cake for dessert.  To die for.  The GM served our meal and once again there was a problem with my husband's steak.  He order medium.  It came rare.  Really rare.  GM was watching the table and whisked it away.  My husband would have eaten it without complaint.  I give them an A+ for effort.   I'm sure the kitchen got an earfull.  Fergus was very embarrassed.  Will we be back...of course, not. The main reason is the flavor of the steaks.  Or lack of.  I have tasted more flavorable steaks at Logans. They have some kitchen clean up to do but if we're going to spend $200 on a meal, we'll be going back to Flemmings.
5	Never disappointed and their bone in rib-eye is their signature steak. No corkage fee!
5	Ruth's Chris might be your go-to place for ordering that sizzling butter-topped steak in the evening, but little does anyone know of it's other delicious offering as an ideal spot for Sunday Brunch. I dedicate this review to one dish that stands out far ahead of its peers...Truly, nothing beats a hangover like Eggs Benedict "a la Ruth's Chris." You get two golden-toasted halves of an english muffin which are then topped with a juicy piece of FILET (recommended medium-rare)! You could probably eat that dish right there as is, but then they go ahead and top the muffins off with a soft-boiled egg (perfect yolky texture), and slather on a creamy homemade hollandaise. I can't compare anything to the experience of eating this dish. It's in its own stratosphere. The steak gives "bite" to the dish and the yolk is soaked up by the muffin. An ingenious construction of the culinary mind, these eggs ARE worth writing home about. I dont' know if they put crack in the muffins, or lace the meat with somethin suspect, but I'm clamoring for more and now look forward to every Sunday just to get my $20 brunch. There's a certain level of class in the presentation and even though you're probably eating a caloric bomb, you don't feel "heavy" at the end. I'm not just hyping this dish up. It really is the most amazing eating experience you'll have in awhile, especially if you're looking for something new. If you haven't tried this then you're missing out on life. This is one of those things you'd enjoy if you happen to like things that are delicious. I fall in that demographic and so I'm recommending it for your eating pleasure!5/5
5	My sister and I go to Ruth's Chris every restaurant week- winter and summer!  We have never been disappointed with the food or service.We typically get the same thing every time we go, and share the sides- we have tried both the Filet and Crab Cakes- and would recommend both.They have a great wine selection and can offer great recommendations based on what you order.The dessert is amazing! They always have something great, but we ALWAYS get the Berries and Creme- I highly suggest trying it.This past time Steve was our waiter and he was fantastic!
2	When I arrived at this location I was excited about the experience.  The valet was great, the receiving hostess was great and that's where it began to go down hill. I started with one waitress and was changed to another.  I asked a few questions since this was my first restaurant week as well.  I placed my order for my starter, no problem here.  I did not receive the traditional bread that comes out with a meal, no explanation was given. I placed my order for the Lamb chop trio; I was advised a few minutes later you did not have the entree.  Correct me if I am wrong at the start of any business isn't it customary for the chief to inform the staff if the supply is depleted?  I ordered the second choice the lemon pepper chicken. I made sure to inform Jesse it was my first time participating in restaurant week.  The chicken and the mash potatoes as a side were great.  I ordered the dessert; again it was not the items listed on the menu.  Disappointed I ordered the substitute. When the dessert arrived I explained I did not eat the berries that garnished the top.  She told me she could bring me an additional cheesecake. I believe at this point Jesse assumed I would not be tipping so it was though I was bothering her.  I received my bill and provided the usual 20% tip, my personal standard preference.  Once she received the tip I noticed her attitude changed drastically. When I arrived home I noticed the dessert was the original one and someone simply removed the garnish of berries.  I am not sure why I received the second class citizen service; needless to say I am not pleased. Overall, the experience left a bad taste in my mouth. The food is over priced.
2	For a $125 meal, my expectations were not met. My boyfriend and I went to celebrate his promotion and reserved a table at 9:30 on a Saturday night. When we sat down we were approached by our waitress who failed to ask why we had come in, and furthermore failed to suggest any of their specials. A few minutes before receiving our salads we finally received our waters after waiting at least 15 minutes. Once we had finished our mediocre salads (three croutons and 1 and a half cherry tomatoes per dinner salad), we finally reviewed our wine. My caeser salad was bland at best. My boyfriend had the steakhouse salad with a decent bleu cheese dressing. While waiting for our steaks, a couple sat down next to us, ordered relatively the same meals, and had much better service. Their waiter was attentive, delivered their food and drinks in a timely fashion, asked for their valet parking slip and delivered their bill to them ALL before our waitress could even deliver our desserts. I finally got my last glass of wine (I had ordered with my steak) after I was finished with my dessert. Our waitress would have been average at an Applebee's. Our experience at Ruth's was subpar.
2	I have eaten at many RC locations and I was shocked how utterly bland this location is. Worn out too, our booths were badly ripped and saggy. We were the only people in the main dining room at noon...yet we were seated in a 6 person booth so then the assistant spent 10 min painfully asking us to pass the unneeded place servings to him. Oy. I ordered something a little off menu, crab cake on salad, it was barely ok, lots of shell, salad was just a very small portion of plain lettuce. Not a chance I'll return to this location.
5	We had a group of 20 for dinner...service was excellent & we had a private room.  The table set up was great as we could all converse easily.  I had the filet Oscar style- perfect...sweet potatoes were amazing!!!  Our group was large & our sides were passed around so everyone got a taste of everything...it was all great & I cannot get over how everyone's order was brought out at once, and cooked to perfection. Great job !!!!
5	This place is amazing and a wonderful place to go with friends or celebrate a special event.  The steaks are outstanding and the overall presentation is wonderful.  It is very convenient to go to and the parking options are great with the valet.  Highly recommend this for a great night out.
4	I'll be honest:  I avoided this place for years because the name is just ridiculous.  It's hard to say.  It makes me sound lispy, and I just don't like it.  Now, my fairer half--who finds herself quite often having to talk sense into me when I'm too analytical and ridiculous (in this case, concerning a restaurant name)--is from New Orleans and explained to me the story of Chris' Steakhouse, and of Ruth's subsequent purchase of Chris' name, and thus the lispy-sounding restaurant that would become Ruth's Chris.  She also forced (or strongly encouraged) me to eat at Ruth's Chris to cure me of my aversion to eating here.  I really don't crave steak often, but I enjoy eating one here when I do.  The asparagus is pretty damn tasty, and the stuffed mushroom caps are to die for.  And you could actually die if you eat too many of them.  My main reason for visiting Ruth's is to drink scotch with my lady (who, because she is awesome, also drinks scotch) and while away the afternoon, chatting with the friendly bartenders and gazing at each other through hazy, bloodshot eyes.  Mushroom caps and Macallan 18 are the way to a woman's heart, my friends.  Yes indeed.
4	I took my almost husband here for his birthday last weekend. I'll openly admit I am a bit of food snob when entering into an establishment of this type. We did have to wait 20 minutes for a 7:30 reservation (Saturday night) so immediately, I was already a bit put off. We were finally seated at the table at the outside edge of the kitchen doors. Again, unhappy. I wait 20 minutes for a table when I had a reservation and then I get the worst seat in the house? Thanks. Then along comes our waiter and the night gets better! Fergus. Fergus rocked this. Fergus is Irish born, well spoken, clearly well educated, and provided spot on service and conversation. He knew the menu inside and out. Knew his beers and wines. We could totally hang with Fergus. The future husband and I don't eat alot (portion wise). So we opted to split the Cowboy Ribeye and take the 3 veggie combo platter for our side. We got the mashed tatos, onion rings and aspargus with holandaise sauce. We also ordered the BBQ Shrimp for an app (friggin YUMMMMMY). The BBQ shrimp was only 5 pieces. Not cool for sharing. Should be 6. Otherwise, I was totally happy with it. Could eat that for days. The Cowboy (21 ounces) ribeye was flawlessy cooked and beautifully seasoned ever so mildly. The mashed were scratch made as was evidenced by the light lumpys within and tasty, just like home. The sauce for the aspargus was a bit too bitter but maybe its a southern thing. The veggies themselves were cooked perfectly. Tender but not soggy. The O rings....mmmmm. They, themselves, were great but they were served on a pool of thai chili sauce. Outstanding. Overall, the place is a tad over priced on some plates while the rest is quite fair for the quality of the food and service. The above mentioned plates plus 2 glasses of wine and two beers came to about $140. It was what I was expecting when I booked the table.Great experience overall. Didn't like the treatment at the hostess stand very much. But Fergus more than redeemed the staff rating. The food was excellent with very little complaint at all. The valet was a nice guy. The interior was def a good setting for a romantic dinner. Would I go here again? Yup.
5	Best steak I have had in Charlotte. Make sure to order the Chop Salad, too.
5	Great meal. Excellent food, but our waiter Russ made the evening perfect and fun.
5	I had my best restaurant experience EVER at Ruth's Chris. My date made reservations for 7:30pm on a Friday night. The second we walked in, we were greeted by smiling hosts who complimented how nice we looked. They then proceeded to ask if we were going to prom lol We expected it and I'll take it as a compliment :)One of the hostess led us to our seats. She sweetly pulled the chair out for me, placed the wine menus on the table and joked if we were even enough for wine lol Moments later, we were greeted by our waiter. He was very tentative and informative as he introduced the menu and the night's specials. He asked if there were any special occasions for the night that he could help accommodate (birthdays, anniversaries, etc). We replied that it was a simple date night. I wish I could remember his name. He was so sweet!We ended up ordering the T-Bone and Rib-eye steaks. The rib-eye is much more tender and was cooked to perfection. The waiter waited for us to cut our steaks once it was brought to the table. He wanted to ensure they were cooked correctly. The side dishes were served family style. Overall, the meal was absolutely amazing! Throughout dinner, our waiter consistently checked on us, making sure our experience was enjoyable.The best part is at the end of our meal, our sweet waiter brought out complimentary dessert (even though we told him that there was no special occasion)! It was a sampler that came with a sorbet, cheesecake and chocolate cake. I have a horrible sweet tooth and this was by all means, my favorite part of the meal! We intended to walk around uptown and grab dessert elsewhere, but the sampler was very filling and delicious!As stated, this was the best restaurant experience I have EVER had!
5	My girlfriends and I decided to enjoy Charlotte's Restaurant week and treat ourselves to a special dinner...and I must say we were more than pleased with everything!We made reservations for 8:30 and we were seated by 8:45. Of course we had cocktails while we waited...Our waiter was Simon and he was amazing very knowledgeable and walked us through different wine selections, and starters...everyone selected something different so we could make sure we got most for our money, lol :) And everything was delicious!!!So here's what I had...My meal started off with a wedge salad blue cheese crumbles, bacon and the vinaigrette dressing, the presentation was delicious it was a huge portion for the start of the meal!!! To be honest I expected it to be mostly lettuce, but was pleasantly surprised that there was more than enough blue cheese crumbles and bacon toppings to satisfy my tastebuds!Next was the entree I selected the Bistro Filet with Crispy Onions--absolutely  delicious the meat was so tender I could practically cut it with my fork, there is nothing worse than an over cooked steak....ugh but this was far from it...and from the other dishes I think they dont know how to cook anything wrong...I think if I had to amend my last meal it would include this....sorry mom! But my mouth is still watering from how delicious it was! Dessert was the Trio Cheesecake and even though I was stuffed to the brim I had to taste it, and just like the rest of the meal I was not disappointed....Overall, this was an excellent meal and excellent restaurant, the food, service and experience make it worth a second, third and fourth trip!
5	As usual, perfect. Our Hendersonville Videographer award winner was treated by his co-workers to lunch here. Despite arriving without reservations, our group was accommodated without apparent effort. Service was all-pro and our steaks just absolutely terrific.  Big tab for street grunts, but worth every dime.
5	After a few crummy experiences at the SouthPark location, we decided to give Uptown a try, and I'm so glad we did.  We arrived an hour before our dinner reservation to have a drink at the bar.  The drinks were great, and the bartenders were super friendly and engaging.  Dinner was perfect.  Our waiter, Chris, was funny, awesome and had great recommendations.  We got the BBQ shrimp appetizer, which was fine, but there's only so much you can do with shrimp.  We also got the calamari and devoured it - some of the best in Charlotte.  Fella got the filet with scallops for dinner, and I got the filet tournedos (three 4 oz filets; one with blue cheese, one with crab meat and one with shrimp).  I love that the plates are sizzling hot when they come out!We definitely left fat and happy, and I'm happy the uptown location restored my faith in Ruth's Chris.
4	I went here on a Saturday evening for a special ocassion. The servers and staff were great. I had recently tried Flemings in Charlotte and decided to give RC a try. I must say the RC was the better of the two. The price was about the same but I recieved more food for the money at RC. I ordered the T-Bone and was very satified with the taste and flavor of the steak. I also order a side baked potatoe and it was also done very well. My girlfriend order Filet cooked 3 different ways and she too was very happy with her meal. I would return in the future as this was a great meal and experience out.
4	Not a bad price for such delicious food. Being a first timer there, I would like to advise Canadians of the following;menu items are a la carte, but portions are very large. My husband and I could have easily shared the stuffed chicken breast between the two of us, rather than buying/wasting two. the sides come family style and are also very generous portions, we did order two sides so we ended up with enough food to feed about 5-6 people. There was no point to us bringing the leftovers home because our hotel room doesn't have a microwave, so it was wasted food/money. But this had to have been the best meal we have had in a long time. What would have made the experience better? The waitress could have been a little more informative. Great time all in all.
5	I brought my fiance here as a graduation present. I'm vegetarian, so he busted out laughing when I emphatically said, "This is the BEST broccoli I've ever had!" It honestly was, though (Broccoli au Gratin). The cheese was perfectly crunchy-chewy around the sides, and creamy underneath. Despite it being fresh out of the oven (and therefore burning hot), it was gone in the first 5 minutes and I'd kill to have it again. Green beans and mashed potatoes were beyond perfect as well, and my fiance seemed infatuated with his filet. It was brought out a little less than medium at first, but the sizzling plate finished that job as he continued eating. At the end of the night, they sent us off with the complimentary chocolate cheesecake. I ate it the next day- it was deeeeelish!Dom was our server for the night and he was everything a restaurant waiter should be- visible and accommodating, but not overbearing. He was professional, he came up at the right times without being obnoxious, and whenever our conversation paused, I noticed that he was always nearby and he would have been easily accessible if we ever had ever found that we needed his attention (even though we didn't). It was a great night out and I'd love to do it again. But of course, don't go if you're not willing to spend some money. It was over $80 (before a tip) for two glasses of wine, a vegetable plate and the filet. But it was WELL worth it. I may have to steal their recipe for the Broccoli au Gratin. Meat-eaters laugh all you want, but it rocked my socks off!
5	ALWAYS AMAZING! Everything here is a-la-cart. They used to have a prix fixe option on the menu, but they got rid of it. I wish they'd bring it back, it was such a deal and made ordering a breeze.Their steak - you have to start there - is literally mouth-watering. Seriously, it's spectacular. The filet is to die for (TIP: Get it LESS done than you normally like. It will keep cooking on your plate).The calamari is outstanding!  Their creamed spinach is my favorite side. We go here many times a year (even brought employees here for holiday dinner) and always leave very happy! They also have happy hour with this great lemonade-like cocktail with blueberries. Their Happy Hour food options (sliders!) are great too.The desert has never been that good to me (and I love deserts), but everything else is perfection! You're so full at the end it doesn't matter anyway.
4	First time at Ruth's Chris and I was very impressed...Service was on point (with Stewart) as head waiter, as well as several staff members who ensured that dinner was running smoothly ("Angela" was the biggest stand-out)...All of the food and drink was delicious, especially the sweet potato casserole, and cigars on the front patio sealed the deal...All in all, great experience...will return again definitely for business as well as pleasure!
5	We celebrated our anniversary here last night. (Fortunately, our anniversary coincides with Charlotte's Restaurant Week, so we were able to get an amazing meal at a much more inexpensive price.) Everything was amazing! We arrived at the restaurant about 30 minutes early, so we went to the bar...great bartending staff. I started off with a delicious flirtini off of the cocktails menu. Once our table was ready, we were escorted to our table and immediately greeted by our server with two flutes of champagne as a congrats for our anniversary. Very nice touch! Our meal was outstanding. I ordered the carrot and ginger soup, which was light and creamy. Then came the entrees. We both got filets, which came out on sizzling hot plates, so the meat stayed warm from the first to very last bites. We also ordered sides of the creamed corn and garlic mashed potatoes...yummy! Last, but not least, we had the mini cheesecake desserts. Perfect size and very light and sweet.Every person who works there - from the valet to the wait staff, bartenders and the managers - are very professional and extremely nice. Great customer service!! When we made the reservation, we simply requested a dining experience that would make our anniversary special and memorable...they certainly did that!!
4	Ruth Chris would you marry me? After that night, I couldn't get you out of my mind. You have forever changed my view on steaks... lolOkay, let get serious, shall we? We're going to do it "Chopped" style!1.Presentation: the filet mignon was still sizzling when brought out (even 10 minutes late the plate was still freaking hot). My plate was very simple since there was only a piece of steak right in the center of the dish. And I received a bowl of mashed potato which was filled to the top (southern style).2. Taste: ......Marvelous.... after taking the first bite, I thought to myself, "what have I been eating my whole life?". Yep, that's how good the steak was. I ordered medium-rare, which I was expecting a steak that once sliced that the juice would come out. I was terribly wrong. Instead, my steak was well aged, which allows the meat to be flavorful and moist. As for the seasoning, I didn't add any! The meat, itself, was seasoned with salts and peppers. So unlike typical southern's steak (thanks god) it wasn't buttery. Though the cheesecake dessert could've been better because it was kind of plain-jane.Creativity: Obviously everything was simple since they want the steak to be in the spotlight. Which I think was suitable for the restaurant.Sadly, the only flaw that matter to me is the price. It's not a place that you can go everynight (good god, $40 for a steak) but it's a great place for a special occasion. Such as a date or something along that line. :)
2	This review is for a takeout order (hotel room dining at its finest). See their menu and prices at ruths-chris.com. I ordered a ribeye ($43) cooked medium rare with a peppercorn sauce (au poivre) ($4) and served with bread and butter. All this was nicely individually packed but be careful though as I had a bit of leakage. Servers were polite. The steak itself was definitely quality meat and my first bite was golden.  The steak was definitely cooked to the right temperature.  This is where the review goes downhill. My second peace I tried with the peppercorn sauce which was not appetizing. As a steakhouse I expected the sauce to complement the meat and not mask it entirely. Finally, with each additional bite the meat tasted saltier until I finally just accepted that they had over salted the meat. A bit too salty to enjoy. In addition, there were a lot of chewy pure fat parts to my steak making it difficult to eat and cut--albeit with a plastic knife.
5	My husband and I went here last night for his birthday (we also had a gift card so it kinda helped make our decision!). We typically don't go to super nice restaurants or chains but we decided to do something a bit more fancy for his birthday. We had reservations for 7pm. When we arrived we were seated immediately. Fairly quickly, the waiter (Steve) came over and introduced himself and the specials for the night. He was very outgoing! We ordered a bottle of wine and appetizer. A few minutes later he came back and took our order for main food.Wine: I'm not really a wine snob but I thought the bottle of cab we got was amazing! Appetizer: Oso Bucco Ravioli- Delish! There were 5 raviolis that came with this appetizer, along with sauted spinach. The butter/wine sauce was so good! Excellent start to the meal! Main Meal: I got the petite sirloin and my husband got some T-bone steak. My steak came out sizziling in butter....500 degrees to be exact.  My husband's steak came out and was the size of his face....no, seriously, it was! Both our steaks were cooked perfectly. At this point in the night, I was in food heaven. Buttery, juicy, melt in your mouth, steak heaven! We got the broccoli au gratin and the mashed potatoes as sides. Definitely plenty for the two of us. The sides were great but the steaks were fantastic! Dessert: After finishing our meal and realizing how full we were. We decided dessert was in order....I mean, duh, getting dessert is such an obvious choice after realizing that you are completely suffed!! ;) However, the waiter came out with a white chocolate cheesecake with a candle for my husbands birthday!! It was so sweet that they gave us a free dessert! After the cheesecake, we decided to call it quits. The manager (Chris) came by a few times to check in on us, which I thought was a great touch. 2 hour long delicious meal with wine spending time with my husband on his birthday = perfection!
1	Absurd prices, absurdly small portions.  I cannot explain how this place stays in business.  The waiter, despite his tux, was a total hick.  "Y'all want me to clean up some of them crumbs fer y'all?"  With a couple of drinks and dessert, 1 person can easily rack up a $100 tab.  I've had better steaks at IHOP.
3	pretty ok.out of the steakhouses i went to in downtown charlotte this was the 2nd best. not incredibly fantastic but not horrible. i'd go there again if i was hungry and didn't care about anything fancy. the service is ok, the food is ok, the ambiance is ok. at least you wont get food poisoning from this steakhouse.
3	Not as good as the Orlando, FL location. The food was just okay, not sure that I would return to this location.
4	My wife and I went to RC recently for her birthday.  First I will say that the service was very good.  From the beginning to the end, we couldn't have had a friendlier experience.The good was also really good.  I had a trio dish that included a filet, crabcake and stuffed chicken breast.  All were delicious and although I hate to say it, I think the chicken was my favorite. I would definitely recommend RC if you are looking for a nice place to eat...just be prepared to pay for it.  Our meals, with a glass of wine each and tip, was about $175.
5	The servers were courteous and prompt & the meal was nothing short of superb! We went during lunch and we were given great attention! The lobster bisque was served warm and the bread was plentiful. The creamed spinach and mashed potatoes were melt in your mouth good; but that fillet!!!! It was extraordinary! So tender and mouth watering that I didn't need a knife. Seasoned and cooked to perfection. Then for the finale...cheesecake w/fresh berries. It stole the show!!
4	My wife and I had another great meal here. Service is great as usually and food quality is outstanding. Will definitely be coming back. Menu prices vary from $20-$50. This is a high end restaurant so the sticker price isn't a shocker.
4	Ruth's was kind enough to grant us the opportunity to dine privately in their Wine Room. I had mentioned on Open Table that I was newly engaged, and it was our first time at Ruth's and I wanted it to be a special experience. When we arrived we were taken all the way to the back of the restaurant, puzzled my fiance gave each other a look that said " Where are they taking us? Are we going to have to sit near a bathroom?" To our surprise we were shown to the dimly and romantically lit wine room with a table for two. It was beyond romantic and such a unique experience. Stuart Greeted us at the table and gave his expert opinion on wine and food for the day. We were given a complimentary taste of Moscato, and at the end of the night dessert. The night overall could not have gone better, it was great to escape the restaurant week rush, and hide away in our own quite room. The food was amazing, we started off with calamari, and order scallop potatoes with our steaks, which were cooked perfectly and delicious. I enjoyed my experience, and hope I'll get to come visit again!
4	Reviewing this as an out of towner who dined here only once...oh and I'm a vegetarian. You'd think that would bias me completely but I have to say that steakhouses have some of the best vegetarian options, and this one in particular. The gems are all in the sides for us folk in these territories.Ruth's has a great vegetarian menu item that gives you the option to pick three items from the potato or vegetable sections. First of all, this place should be commended on the fact that they have a potato section filled with potatoes any way that you can possibly imagine them. It's awesome. In addition they make spinach about just as many ways and the broccoli comes au gratin. This place is generous with the one ingredient that makes anything taste amazing and that's butter, and with that you will know that I find all the food here incredibly tasty ;)The service is wonderful, and our waiter was very attentive. When one of my dining companions expressed a mild disinterest in the white wine that was picked for the table, another selection in the form of a half bottle was brought gratis. The ambiance is also very nice -great space. I would come again, and for kicks I would bring a nice vegetarian group to blow their minds.
5	I'll start from the beginning as I typically do when reviewing a restaurant. We arrived Ruth Chris' a bit early for our 5 pm reservation- though the restaurant was still just opening for the dinner shift, Tashira, the hostess, welcomed my party and I with a warm hello and sat us at the bar while we waited on our table. Erin and Patrick the bartenders were friendly and equally entertaining while creating good conversation and our beverages. Chris and Ashley, the managers on site greeted us while enjoying cocktails at the bar- both with humble greetings and endearment. It was not long before Jessica, another employee, graciously assisted us to our table. Laura Beth our server first introduced herself before engaging us with the daily specials being served that evening. I first noticed her exceptional professionalism, it was rather busy that night and for anyone with knowledge of the foodservice industry, understanding that keeping your cool while doing 300 covers in a fine dining establishment is no easy feat.  After taking our drink order we informed Laura Beth of our plans to attend a concert that began at 7pm sharp, so a sense of urgency was necessary. Z, the servers assistant came at once with bread service, he was kind.  When Laura Beth returned My guest ordered a salad, Petite Filet with BBQ Crab medium rare and Green Beans, and I the Ribeye with Au Poivre sauce medium rare with a glass of Cabernet Sauvignon and the Potato au Gratin. Besides the salad of cool vine-ripen tomatoes and mozzarella, the food arrived hot. Let me say again, the food arrived hot! Everything the way I requested and the chef intended. Proteins cooked to the liking of my guest and as requested, seasoned beautifully, the crab- masterfully prepared by the kitchen staff. My au poivre sauce comparative of French bistros. Green beans crisp and delightful; the gratin, luscious, sexy, cheesy goodness. The wine- perfect. Laura Beth arrived once more to find our drinks full and mouths full, courteously smiling back at me knowing my guest and I were doing just fine. Evening though we were in quite the hurry the team at Ruth Chris did a marvelous job keeping my guest and I thoroughly happy as we dined. I happily advise anyone in or traveling to the area to keep Ruth Chris in mind when seeking dinner and a quite night out with a loved one, cocktails and conversation with business associates in the incredible bar, or even a quick lunch on the outdoor patio with views of Tyron Street and the inhabitants going on with their busy city lives.
5	Staff was great, food was great, fantastic experience.  Luke was our waiter and he exceeded our highest expectations. Highly recommend this location.
2	The staff at the restaurant were outstanding.  Very personable and thoughtful. I ordered the filet with shrimp and mistakenly asked for medium well because I can't eat meat that is too raw.  The meat was very charred, tough and dry. Too bad to see it that way. The shrimp was flavorful and delicious. I had a side of asparagus which was cooked perfectly. Luckily the hollandaise sauce helped to moisten and add flavor to the meat as well. I had the apple tart for dessert because it was described as having a flaky crust. Turns out the crust was tuff and soggy. Clearing it had died a quick death in the microwave. Fortunately the apple filling was juicy and flavorful. For the money, I definitely would have expected more. I've often wondered what the chain was like and now I know that I will not be going back.
4	You always know what you're going to get at Ruth's Chris.....really good quality food, excellent professional service, and a big bill. Unless of course you go for their special $15 lunch which IS a good value (see my tip).Work only a block away, so this is a "go to" lunch spot for and my workmates. Their burgers are GREAT! But really so is most everything on the menu. Today I had the Broiled Chicken breast with Mozzerella on a baguette. Opted for their French Onion soup for my "side." REALLY delicious food as always.Dinner however will set you back QUITE a bit more.......just be prepared to pay high prices for that high quality food, especially their steaks. Their 8oz Lunch Fillet was $36! That's why their $15 lunch is such a bargain. Try their steak sandwich for lunch....a STEAL at $15.
5	i was looking for a really good dinner so I decided that I was going to have steak I looked up steak houses in Charlotte so I decided that I would go and give it a try. i walked into the bar at 8 p.m. I ordered a black and blue salad with steak. the steak melted in my mouth I would recommend this place to anyone that is looking for the best steakhouse in town I would give this place 10 start if I could
5	We go to this Ruth's about 6 times a year. Went today for Fathers Day and the service was fabulous. "El" was are server and she was great! As always the food was great and valet was efficient. We've been other place in town but this Ruth's is the best.  We will continue to frequent this business until they lose us.
5	My colleagues and I decided on Ruth's Chris for lunch to celebrate receiving our first paycheck. We work less than a block away. We set our reservation online and were quite pleased with the table setting / private room that awaited us. Marvin introduced himself as our server and he was amazing: great service, impeccable recommendations and great humor. We loved him. The food was excellent. Most of us ordered from the lunch menu (a great deal) and got the hamburger. But I ordered the stuffed chicken for a buck more (no pun intended)' and it was the best chicken I ever had. Period. We would like to turn it into a once a month thing at minimum. Excellent food and service and reasonable lunch prices for the quality. Highly recommend.
4	Wife and I went to Ruth's Chris tonight.  They offer valet which is great cause the Tryon St. location is often hard to get a street level spot.  The prices are typical for an uptown steak house (that mean's $20 pp more than they should be by the end of the meal).I skipped an appetizer but the wife had fried zucchini sticks.  They were solid.  I had a filet with 3 blackened shrimp on it.  The nice combo of the butter and the shrimp/steak was awesome.  She had salmon (I don't eat fish)For dessert we shared the cheesecake.  they serve individual cakes instead of slices so you get a nice crust all aroundwould have given it a 5/5 just don't like a 3 digit bill for 2 people for dinner
4	Had a great dinner last night for restaurant week. Filet was great, the added lobster was a bit over done but still tasty. Service was terrific! Way to go Ruth Chris staff
5	There are lots of places to eat in Charlotte, and this is one of the best!!  I had the Summer menu tonight which was fantastic!  A strawberry and toasted almond with bleu cheese crumble salad, filet with lobster tail, and cheesecake for dessert.  My only somewhat disappointing moment was when they brought out the mashed potatoes. They were the consistency of instant mashed potatoes from flakes.  I prefer the mashed potatoes have chunks of potatoes in them. They chef quickly replaced them with chipotle fingerling potatoes and they were awesome!!!!   Valet parking was a breeze, the service was top notch and the food was phenomenal (minus the mashed potatoes).  I also had a coffee which was great, but it would be even better if they offered French press coffee.   Great job guys!!!   Also, the history behind this place is amazing to read. To have come from a one store, Louisiana location to the chain that it is today is phenomenal journey that everyone should know.
4	This Ruth's is a solid location. The service is excellent and extremely friendly/professional.I don't come much for dinner but have been for lunch and happy hour on several occasions.  They offer various $15 lunch specials and happy hour bites. I absolutely love the steak sandwich with Bearnaise. The portion size is perfect and filling. The crab cakes are also phenomenal! Great spot to grab a bite and it doesn't have to kill the wallet (though it certainly would be worth it).
2	Went to their Panthers pregame Sunday lunch.  Bad deal.  Overpriced, basically a dinner menu with a handful of overpriced lunch choices.  Went here because we couldn't get reservations at Mimosa Grill which is the real pregame value downtown.  Definitely wouldn't recommend Ruth's Chris for a pregame meal thought it might be okay for dinner if you want a fancy dinner.
5	Great food! Great staff! Best steakhouse in Charlotte, hands down!I recommend one of the bone in steaks. They're the most flavorful. The spicy lobster appetizer is banging. The lyonnaise potatoes are rockstar. The wine list is awesome as well. Ask for Ricardo!
5	soooo Good. We did have to wait even though we had a reservation but the wait was worth it. I will say on a day like Christmas Eve I think they should have treated us to the drinks since we had to wait about 45 minutes but hey. It was super expensive but the best steak I have had ...ever. The waiter was really nice and our table was great. It was a small room but still felt cosy.
