3	Yee haawwww Talk about racial tension. So Gilley's is a cowboy bar where they do play country music. They do have a killer cowpen to do some rootin tootin line dancing. From the Tush Push, two step, electric slide....just don't tell my heart. My achey breaky heart......So didn't try the food. I had my twins apply here - (former students of mine) and they got a job so I saw them a couple time fer some free beers. Yee ha. Unfortunately - I'm not a big country music fan. Plus I don't really like nascar. Dont drink Coors....so not my favorite place. For what it is....Bikini bull riding and mud wrestling. As long as they're not cousins....Nuff said...
4	A friend of mine once tried to get me into line dancing back in high school.  I was more of the flannel and converse crowd and it didn't work back then, and it sure isn't going to work now.  However, I'll drop by Gilley's from time to time.  First of all, the Frontier is just fun to be at.  It's old school from the machines to the workers plus it ain't gonna be around much longer.  Gilley's is the country bar that legends are made of - beer, bulls and boobs.  The mechanical bull is good, but not as great as the mud wrestling.  You sacfrifice the ambiance of the mega resorts for cheaper drink prices.  It can ger crowded, but do you expect it not to when there's mud wrestling?  I didn't think so.
3	Gilleys is no longer open for business,, closed with the demolition of the new frontier casino
1	What a shit hole!!!! They have a cover for locals too!! I can't believe it,  they're crazy. Don't ever waste your time at gileys. It's not worth your time. By far the worst bar at treasure island!!
1	(stealing microphone from some "cowboy" at Gilley's)In the past few days, I joked about wanting to check out a one star venue. I now feel the pain of the " be careful what you wish for" theory. I popped into Gilley's at TREASURE ISLAND for the "first night of business" aka #epicfailAs my friends and I were in line, we were notified by the "host" (guy in black polo indicating security) that there was a $20 cover, but free if we are guests in the hotel. Luckily, my friends were indeed guests at the TI and I snuck in with them. No way in hell I am paying cover for a bar inside a hotel...especially since it's not a club.Next...why should I be paying cover for a place that hasn't even had it's grand opening yet? And shouldn't a complimentary cocktail ticket be in order? SOMETHING...ANYTHING?Once we got in, we were introduced to a large dance floor a few people were line dancing. I'm not going to slam this place on it's "culture" because we chose to come to this "country" themed bar. But this place was kind of empty. Lame. Fail. Get me out. Next to the dance floor, there is a gigantic mechanical bull, where cougars, and less than attractive women pay five or so dollars to ride it. Fun for a little giggle. My friends rode the bull, and we took pictures. It was fun.Unfortunately, the drunken messes before and after my friends, made the mechanical bull less of a novelty for tourists, and more of a shaming device for men and women who need a bull to feel "wild". I'm not going into this any further...use your imaginations. This place needs a better crowd...especially for the first night.On to the drinks. Beer selection is your usual Budweiser garbage. No craft beer. Drinks are reasonably priced. A friend got a tequila shot (double) for $13. Beers are about $5. Reasonable for Vegas I suppose.My real "beef" with this place isn't the bad beer, the crowd or the line dancing to Lady Gaga (yes, it really happened, and I have video). The fact that this was "opening night" and they were willing to charge people a $20 cover is disturbing. Also, they should have packed this bar with the plethora of girls and dudes that stayed at TI....this is spring break season. I'm no crystal ball or anything, but I don't believe this place will be in business long.If you want the novelty of riding a mechanical bull, do it now, before this turns into a better, cooler joint.Before I go, I do want to point out one thing. There are hot girls here, but they are the shot girls, and servers. It was all great for the usual "ha ha" the girl is wearing chaps. But it got old when this place was so dead, that these girls were dancing with hammered patrons. Count. Me. Out. Peace.(drops microphone)
1	Gilley's Saloon, Dance Hall & BBQ - Sucks! I wasted my time going there, and regret any money I spent in there. Tiny dance floor, no seating for dancers, lighting wrong, atmosphere "created in haste", bad, bad, bad. Dancers and CW fans will visit once and never return. Not worth the time, let alone any cover charge they may try in the future. There are better venues elsewhere
4	I had a fun evening here.We arrived at around 10:30 pm and headed straight to the restaurant.  The hostess said it would be a 30 minute wait.  I gave her my best "but I'm starving pleeeeaaaase" look, and she said "let me see what I can do."  She hooked us up right away with an amazing table overlooking the Sirens of TI show.  It was a warm, beautiful desert night, perfect for outside, on the strip dining.I had the links with mac and cheese and mashed potatoes. The food was way better than I expected!  My date had the pulled pork sandwich (same sides as me) and loved it.  The portions were generous.  We ate and watched the Sirens of TI (which was kinda lame) from the best seats in the house.Then we went into the club, which was too crowded.  We had a couple of affordable drinks, got our groove on for a song or two, then left.It was a fun evening of honkey tonk - Vegas style - and bbq.
1	Let me start off  by saying this place is BAD with a capital B. I was in Vegas last week, the weather was awesome, the entertainment and the food were all great up until the point we stepped into this place. It was our last night  in Vegas and last dinner, so my father in law picked this place because he heard it was a bbq rib place and that's what we craved. We had tickets to a comedy show later that  evening so we left 2 hours earlier so we could have dinner. We parked at Mirage hotel next door and we walked over to Treasure Island (thats where the restaurant is located) MIND YOU ON THE WAY OF PASSING MANY GOOD PLACES TO EAT ---California kitchen and the deli Joint in Mirage.. When we first got there we passed through a bar where people were taking cowboy dance lessons, there was a bar, dance floor and a bull riding area. We walked up to reception and she stated it would be a 30 minute wait meanwhile I could see in the backround empty tables. So went back to the bar area, had a bear and was listening to an annoying dance instructor, left, side step and so on so on, over and over. After 20 minutes we went back to see if they had a table and she said it might be another 35 minutes but, she stated if you sit at the bar you can be seated right away and you can eat there. Even though I don't like to eat at the bar we were pressed for time as it was already 8:05pm and the show started at nine so we dicided to take the bar area. When we get there we were greeted by Kimi the bartender/waitress, she asked if we would like something to drink and I got an ice tea and a beer for my father in law.When we were in there we noticed multiple empty tables, so my father in law tried to mentioned if we could sit at one. She stated that we would have to speak to the hostess and said "we were confusing her"--dumb waitress syndrome.......Anyways we oredered ribs/pulled pork combo with a side of baked beans and mac and cheese...We waited another 25 minutes as it was 8:35 pm and we had 25 minutes to spare. I asked the other bartender Liz if she knew when are food was coming. So Liz went to our original waitress Kimi (literally 2 feet away from us ) and asked about our food, Kimi then stated " it is really busy"---sarcastically. She went in the kitchen came back and stated to us "the ticket is still on the board,there is nothing I can do, sorry" sorry was very sarcastic. We recieved our food at 8:40 pm, when we got there an hour earlier, finally. First of all I felt rushed and the food really sucked. Let me elaborate  on that the ribs were cold and tuff, the beans were blah, the mac and cheese was horrible and the pulled pork was on a wet piece of bread (awful). I tried everything but, I couldn't eat---it was that bad. 90% of waht they served me was left on the plate. They asked me how was it, we stated it was awful...At that point we asked for the bill and they went on to speak to the manager. They spoke and came back with the bill. They only charged us for the drinks and I asked were was the food on the bill, they stated we took it off _---which was a nice gesture but, we still tpped 11.50 as the bill would have been approx $55 dollars and they only charged us 8.50 for the drinks. At that point they "the waitress" ignored and gossiped about us two feet away from us as if we were deaf and did not acknowlede us on the way out as we still stated thank you. Note: the manager was out socializing with one table before the incident as I observed him taking pictures and with no mind of the action as the restaurant was full by this point and he did not apologize to us, rather he went to sit right back at the same table after the waitresses spoke to him---poor mgmt skills.....Kimi should not be in customer service---probably the worst service ever and attitude galore. The manager/owner is to blame in all of this as he's running a train wreck waiting to happen...DO NOT GO TO THIS RESTAURANT ----IT SUCKSDO NOT RECOMEND NOT TO MY WORST ENEMY--If I could give a 0 star I would as it is not deserving of even one star, poor food, poor service, poor management....With so many good places to eat in Vegas this place is on the strip and a tourist trap--It gives Vegas reputation a shot in the gut....
4	At my friends bachelor party last weekend we stayed at Treasure Island (TI), where the restaurant/bar is located. We had dinner on Friday at Gilley's and I got the buffalo chicken sandwich. Now, I've had many a-buffalo chicken sandwiches, but Gilley's was the best I've had... hands-down. They even topped it with slaw, which made me skeptical at first, but the combination of flavors delivered. We sat at the bar and Kimi was tending. She was so great! Very easy to talk to and we had a great time joking around with her. So, if you find your self in the desert and want to eat well and listen to country music... oh, and have a little eye-candy too, then Gilley's is the place for you! It really is a lot of fun! We had a blast, for sure!
2	My husband and I would frequent the old Gilleys located at the New Frontier before it was torn down.  The atmospher was incredible, the food was equally incredible but inexpensive.  At the same time you would get massive amounts.  It was the kind of place that you would get gallons of beer while your mouth watered over the incredible bbq smell wafting from the kitchen.  We would make it a point to visit several times during our stay.Now, 4 years later, we were thrilled to know that it opened up again at TI.  It was the very first stop we made when we arrived in Vegas.  Honestly, we were disappointed.  It lost its charm, it appeal, it became commercial.  The food was decent but defiantly more expensive.  You could no longer choose from a huge list of burger toppings to personalize your burger.  The portion sizes were smaller and the prices significantly higher.  The menu had a very limited selection as well.   The area the resembled the old Gilleys the most was the area right as you walk in.  However, they had the music turned up so loud you would have to yell at the person right next to you just to have a conversation.  Not something I would like to do.  Honestly we were very disappointed.  We were longing for the charm of the old place.  I could have gone to Applebees and been just a pleased.
1	We know a girl who's a hostess here so we thought we'd give it a try for dinner. We went on a Monday night at about 5:30. We didn't have to wait to get a table, and were sat in the semi-outdoor seating...complete with flys. I'm sure its hard for restaurants to keep flysout but that doesn't mean it isn't gross. And it doesn't mean that swatting a fly for my entire 45min dinner was any less annoying. The service was alright, the server we had was nice but definitely too used to have food runners and bussers. A huge pet peeve of mine is sitting at a table for a prolonged period of time with dirty plates ( napkins on plates to signify being finished) while the waitress walks by, asks if we need anything thing else and brings and closes our check. The dirty plates where still there when we got up to leave 10 minuets after we received out check from out waitress. Now, I have been a server for 3 years, so I can understand a bad night, being busy, etc. The real disappointment wasn't the service, it was the food. I just wanted some tasty BBQ. That is not at all what I got. First of all, we ordered the nachos, which were picture in the menu and showed up completely different. They were pictured as being laid out on a plate...they came piled a half a foot high and smothered with all kinds of crappy looking toppings. So that happened, we ate what chips we could find that weren't soggy yet and put some toppings on them ourselves. Then our entrees arrived. I got the half of a rotisserie chicken with the mac and cheese and green bean casserole. The chicken tasted OK, but it was cold. The mac and cheese was cold, oily and disgusting...I had no idea you could mess that dish up! The green bean casserole was also cold and gel-like. : / ....My boyfriend got the fried chicken with mashed potatoes and mac and cheese. His food was super hot(which tells me that mine was sitting in the food window as his chicken was fried) but his sides were crappy too. His chicken was hard as a rock. Needless to say it was gross. Usually we say something when things go this wrong, but we were late for a show and we dont like to receive free food so we left and vowed never to return.
3	Come here if you need a bit of southern flavor in the midst of all that is "sin city."VENUE: Located inside treasure island hotel and opened SUPER late. So if you're not done partying and have gotten kicked out of every other place, this is a pretty good consolation prize. They play country music so if you like two-stepping and line dancing, come here. There's also a mechanical bull that you're able to try and ride if you've got the courage.  But watch out for, or just watch, the hot blond cowgirl. She'll put everyone to shame when riding the bull. Dance floor is pretty big and the place is relatively clean.FOOD: I did not have the pleasure of trying their food since the kitchen had closed by that point.SERVICE: Bartenders were funny and helpful. Drinks came out pretty quickly but because it wasn't that crowded that may have helped. The demographic of people that were there were a bit older than my group - maybe in their late 30s to 40s? Some were way over that. But regardless we had a lot of fun and most of us are huge country fans.
4	This is based solely on the food. As our Fat Tuesday buzzin' was winding down, one of my friends had a hankering for a burger. My other friend pointed out Gilleys as we were strolling along our hotel lobby in search for one. We were immediately sold once we saw the menu. The Lone Star Buger with bacon and swiss was insanely good. Maybe it was the Cat 5 Hurricane talking, but I'm sure I would have thought the same thing had I been sober. I don't know why it happens, but every time I try to chow down on a NOM worthy burger in Vegas, I can never seem to finish it. I have to blame it on the fries. Speaking of the latter, the ones from here are thinly cut and very delish. I'm going to have to grab one from here again should I plan another stay at TI.
3	Bartenders were awesome! They all seem to be very attentive and will ham it up with the customers. At least with my group they did. Food: it was okay. Typical bar food. Can't go wrong.Place is fun to watch people being thrown off the mechanical bull. Live bands are generally always fun and its good "yeehaw" music. Come in if you're gambling in TI.
4	My friends and I came here for dinner on a friday night and it was so crowded, not to mention really pricy. So we decided to stay for drinks and giggles. It was a lot of fun watching drunk people being thrown off the mechanical bull. I also thought it was pretty cool that the workers showed off their skills on the bull. This one guy was standing on the bull, for a very long time. Lol. I was impressed. They also have line dancing, which is a lot of fun and the people were are so friendly. I loved it!!! :)
2	The only reason I'm giving this place two stars is because our server did a really nice job.  The food here is seriously overpriced and not very good in my opinion.  My pulled pork sandwich was $14.50 if I recall correctly.  You can do much, much better.  I don't know whether BLT Burger (in the Mirage) has pulled pork sandwiches, but they do have killer gourmet hamburgers, and they don't cost $14.50.  Also, the service at BLT is very professional.  Pricing there (BLT) is a bargain given the quality of the food, the quality of the service, and the location.  Do yourself a favor.  Skip Gilley's at TI and walk next door to the Mirage and have a much nicer dining experience for less money at BLT.
4	"Hey! Let's go to that joint!"We ended up at Gilley's because nobody in the group I was with could decide on a club. It was a Monday night and there was almost nobody iin there, except for some creepers that were chatting up the bikini clad waitresses. The dj played top 40s and every so often the video screen would have a country song and the video. I wish they played more country music, I was definitely in the mood for 2-stepping! I loved the bar, the seats were saddles and the bartenders were super friendly. I would definitely come back for a low key evening, but next time I'm not going to wear a dress so I can ride the mechanical bull!!
2	I came here because I wanted to try their Spicy Deviled Egg appetizer . It sounded good because I love spicy foods and Deviled Eggs so I thought this would be perfect. This is one of those places that confuses salty for spicy. The only way I could eat these were to take most of the filling out . I was not happy paying $8.00 dollars for this. My husband ordered the Bob Wills Burger that had Jack Daniels BBQ sauce, Guacamole and Pepper Jack Cheese on it. I tried some of it ..and it was good but not worth $15.99. Personally I think the Western Bacon Cheeseburger at Carls Jr. is more worth while. I think you are paying for atmosphere ..but I couldn't even carry on a conversation because the music was too loud. It wasn't what I normally prefer because I like to chat during my meal.
1	when i went to Gilley's i didn't think it would be any good...i was right  the service was c- and the food was fake the ribs where really bad and the pork sandwiche was below average the only thing that was good was the cheese grits. do not go to Gilley's if you want food!.
3	[This review is solely for the bar -- we only drank here].Gilley's Saloon may be over the top, but that's what else would you expect from a country saloon on the Las Vegas Strip.  It's the quality of the experience that matters in a casino bar.Gilley's is known primarily for hosting bikini bull ridin' on its mechanical bull (Thursdays & Sundays at 10pm).  And I have to applaud them for the showmanship.  Vegas runs on skin.  And putting skin up on a bucking mechanical bull draws a crowd.They have other nice touches to drive home the country bar feel.  Bar stools have been replaced with saddles (with stir ups for your feet to make sure you don't topple over after one too many shots).  There's country music and dance floor that gets going some nights.  The drinks are served up at casino prices which are a little high for your average country bar, but you're paying for the real estate--drinkin' on the strip ain't cheap.   All in all, it ain't a bad bar, just a little overpriced for what it is.  Unless it is bikini bull night.  That's just a good time.
2	My review is only for the bull riding.I went with my sister and brother-in-law to see some bull riding on a Sunday night.  I think they have bikini bull riding on Sunday nights and Thursday nights.When they say any female can join the bull riding contest to win $200, they mean ANY...  When we went there were these two older ladies, a nasty Asian girl, and a woman who was just married.As they were riding the bull, slowly, they were told to be sexy, but they weren't.  I think they were TRYING to be, but they weren't even.  All I can see is cellulite moving around.There were a lot of old former biker dudes that were into it, I guess, but for me, it was pretty bad. I would give the experience one star, but since I was very entertained at seeing these women TRY to be sexy and fail, I gave it 2 stars.  I was entertained - but for a different reason than the old biker dudes were entertained.  I was entertained by their failure to be sexy.There were both men and women in there watching and most people were just laughing or talking smack about the bull rider.Expect to see a lot of Ed Hardy shirts though.21+I didn't have any food here, so I cannot comment either way on that.
1	I'm writing this while sitting on the porcelain throne. If I could give someplace negative stars, I would give Gilley's the big old moosecock. Zero. Nada. Terrible.The only good part about this meal was that I had a beer outside on the first non-oppressive night of the Vegas summer. The bad part is that I chose Gilley's.Maybe my palate is becoming too sophisticated for this shit, and I really don't want to be that guy. I literally couldn't eat my meal. We started with nachos - it's been months since I've had good nachos. These were covered in black olives, chili, salsa.... nacho cheese sauce. Like - movie theater nacho cheese sauce. It was never my favorite, and it really didn't seem to go right for me with the chili. My parents polished off that plate, though, so what do I know? I asked for a side of guacamole, but it never came. I think that was for the better, though, since I got guacamole on my burger.So, I get another beer, because god knows I need it to get through the entree. My burger - in theory - sounded good. Guacamole, jack daniels BBQ sauce, a tasty burger, onion strips... bar food, you know?Guacamole. Man, I should have known better. Guacamole is tough sometimes... if you fuck it up, you really fuck it up. Gilley's - come on. Take it off your menu. It tasted like old cheese mixed with armpit. I ended up not eating my burger and just polishing off the fries (which were good).Final verdict? I'm literally still shitting, and this review has taken me like 12 minutes to write. Not like - just sitting here writing, but sitting here and actively releasing. I'll never eat at Gilley's again. The only way someone could drag me here would be to stare at the waitresses asses and ride the bull at 3AM.
1	This place is sooooo DO-DO!!!! This spot is located right in front of Treasure Island or to the side of that casino. I ordered the BBQ pulled pork sliders(appetizer) as my meal and it didnt taste good at all. It looked good and sounded good and looked like it had alot of flavor kuz of the BBQ sauce but it was nothing like i thought. I had to put extra BBQ sauce to give it flavor. Then the bun on the bottom got soggy kuz of the juice of the meat... so it was just a mess that didnt have no damn taste!For Dessert, i ordered the brownie with ice cream, but there was more whip cream than ice cream. They jipped us dammit!!!! The ice cream and brownie was ok but it wasnt great. Thank goodness my work paid for it kuz if i had to pay for it then I probably woulda had to complain bout the wack sliders!
1	came on a monday night and it was pretty empty with a bunch of old guys being creepy sitting around. the bull riding was hilarious to watch though. we had one beer that took forever and then bounced. won't be coming back again. the food looked good though but we were there for the bar.
1	I was a staying at Treasure Island and the smell of BBQ from the lobby lured us in.  We ordered the BBQ Short Ribs...you see the "s" at the end, right?  RIBS and two sides for $21 bucks - pricey but of course, it's the location.So here comes our plate with one measly rib.  They pull all the meat off and make it like a lollipop rib.  The Manager said EVERYONE knows you only get ONE.  Then he was asking me if I wanted him to talk to the chef about the fact that I only got one rib.  I'm thinking, sure, go ahead and tell him - I'd love to see his response to that stupid question.So now it's a running joke.  My friends gave me a new name like a Native American!  They said, "Let's go to the casino, One Rib"!  (that's love!)
3	We grabbed a couple beers at the bar at Gilley's and had a fine time. The barkeeps were friendly and attentive.  There were a few TVs playing the world series.  I can ignore the whole country music thing (I mean, it's a BBQ saloon dance hall themed place - it's understandable).My one issue was the $6 draft.  It's just a little pricey for what it was, but otherwise we had a fine time.
3	Before I came here, I read some of the reviews and was pretty hesitant about going. But - family came to visit for the weekend and wanted to go here, sooo we tried it out. It's definitely not as bad as some of the reviews say, but I can see how people wouldn't like it. I personally got the pulled pork sandwich, which was different from other ones I've had. It was a lot sweeter, but I enjoyed it. The bread was completely soggy as soon as it was set on the table though, so I was forced to eat it with a fork. The rest of the family thought their meals were pretty good too. The prices were decent for a restaurant directly on the strip and the food was alright. Downside- we asked multiple times if they could change the television directly in front of us to a baseball game. They told us every time they would, but never did. Kind of annoying! Overall, this place is just OK. However, it is a good place to stop at if you're on the strip and want a decent meal and don't feel like spending an outrageous amount of money.
4	After waiting in line for Tryst for 15 minutes and realizing that we were missing what seemed to be the prerequisite fake hair, fake nails, fake eyelashes and fake *ahem, we decided to leave the Wynn and shoot for something a little more low key. My friend is a big country music fan and I remembered Gilleys was right across the street, live band, country music and a mechanical bull? She was sold! Unfortunately we were in clubbing clothes and there was no way we were getting on the bull in short dresses. - side note- Ladies, they have shorts you can wear if you want to ride the bull with a dress on... DON'T DO IT! It will NOT be cute or attractive when the bull rocks forward and the shorts ride up... there WILL be butt -end side note-It cost $10 for us to get in but drinks were pretty cheap $11 for a round of 2 drinks so we drank all night without breaking the bank. Entertainment was good- if you like watching a bunch of drunk goofs getting thrown from a mechanical bull into a balloon fence (I like that). At one point the guy operating the bull got on and it was pretty cool to see someone who knew what they were doing go for a ride. He was standing up on it, riding it backwards some serious acrobatic stuff! It was a good night I will definitely be back again if I'm with friends who aren't for the untz-untz-untz club scene!
4	Opening day was an excellent time. The different types of chili was very good with just the right of spices. Their Western bar theme with mechanical bull, is just what the Vegas Strip needed to have open. It now competes with another local Western themed bar, but this is one of the originals that has always been popular with visitors and locals.Have been back many times and they all have been good experiences, when ordering and with food delivered.
3	I came here for a friends birthday on a Thursday. They have $1 drinks for ladies til 9. We took full advantage of that! It was nice and mellow since it was early. But that didn't stop people..mostly women from gettin their party going. They of course played country music the whole time. They also have lessons which was funny to watch the people try to learn the moves. My favorite part was watching the girls riding the bulls. It's always the ones that should not ride that do. The bull operator likes to get the bull to do this jiggly thing that of course causes the girls to jiggle. Mildly amusing. Guys will love it..how can ya not? Depending on the outfit she is wearing you might even see a boob. LOL
3	Bikini Bull Riding competitions on Sundays?  Alright, I'm curious.  The crowd is older, the crowd predominately male, and the bar prices average (for Vegas).  5 bottles of Bud Light at $5.50 a pop.  There's not much else going on toward the north end of the strip anyway so why not check it out?  [Original Visit: November 7, 2010]
3	Ate here with my bf and a group of friends in October 2010, during late lunch or early evening. After walking the strip for the past few hours  we kept smelling that damned BBQ so naturally with us being from the south (ATL shawty lol) we opted to eat here and get our 'grub' on.We chose to sit inside because the restaurant sits literally BTW the boat at T.I. and the boardwalk where everyone walks and I am not a fan of putting on a show while eating. The guys ordered a pitcher of beer and the girls got either soda or water. I'm assuming the server was new bc it took him forever to bring our drinks (not beer bc I understand that comes from the bar, but 10 min for water and fountain drinks for 4 people in a slow restaurant is not a good look). The bartender ended up taking our orders and waiting on us for the remainder of the meal. I can't recall what everyone else ordered but I think one of the meals might have either been quesadilla (i can never spell that right) or sliders. But 2 of us ordered the short ribs, including myself and man-o-man was that good. The Shot rib (rib because it was only one, and had I not have had two sides I may have been a little pissed off) was prepared the right way, whichever way that may actually be, but the meat fell off the bone! They had variations of sauces at the table people could choose, don't remember the flavors all to well but they were what I would expect from a west coast Vegas-y restaurant, and with my expectations not being set too high for the sauces to blow my mind, I was pleased. My side dishes consisted of baked beans and mac & cheese. Again, my southern roots didn't sway me to expect them to be like moms homemade dishes, I was fairly pleased with them. I give the place a B- simply because I love BBQ and that particular day we hadn't eaten except maybe once and had walked from PH to the N & S parts of the strip all day so maybe my stomach appreciated the meal more than my taste buds.The server/bartender whom we saw all of 3 maybe 4 times got the minimum tip from us bc she wasn't as attentive as she could have been esp with it not being crowded at all. And had this not have been Vegas they might not have gotten anything.The meals are not cheap, but then again what is 'cheap' in Vegas. Even the McDonalds isn't cheap, but one should expect to spend $$$ when you come here for leisure otherwise, why come right? All in all, I would come again if I have the urge for BBQ. I won't expect the best service, they just better be sure to have my food right.
2	My review is strictly based on the restaurant and food as I never actually made it in the the saloon dance hall area. Let me start by saying I am a huge fan of BBQ and was very excited to try Gilley's for the first time. I was disappointed from the minute I opened the menu. I must have flipped through it front to back and back to front three or four times because I felt like I was just overlooking a section that listed brisket. Sadly I wasn't overlooking anything. Gilley's does not have any type of brisket whatsoever; not even so much as a chopped brisket sandwich. How can a place with a huge neon outline of Texas on the wall with it's original roots in Houston, TX serve not serve brisket? I know there are a lot of other types of BBQ out there and I am sure I am biased because of the fact the I was born and raised in the Lone Star state, but I have a hard time accepting a BBQ place that doesn't have brisket as at least one of it's offerings. Aside from the disappointment of not having brisket, the food I did have was definitely not anything special. We started off with the "Texas" nachos, they must have felt the need to get the word TX in there, but they were just nachos and we're a sad version of them at that. I can't take your nachos seriously when the melted cheese is a liquid you poured out of a can. The BBQ ribs, side of mashed potatoes and corn bread we're decent at the very best. I may visit the bar again at some point, but will definitely be eating elsewhere.
2	It's our 1st night in town and I saw bbq so my appetite led me to Gilley's. That'll be the last time I listen to that asshole..I'll admit that, for the most part, I find country music insufferable and unbearable so right off the bat I didnt like the line dancing shit, the outdated TV's showing late 90's videos and the overall decor. That said I was hoping that the food would more than make up for it. My 1st disappointment came when I saw they didnt offer Shiner Bock. A "country bar" should have freaking Shiner Bock. Trix ordered some specialty drink that came in a small plastic cup (yeah, it was $13) and I had a Bud Light. I ordered ribs and Trix had a pulled pork burrito. Well, Gilley's let me down as the ribs were fatty, barely edible garbage. The only saving grace were the good fries. All in all, it was one of the 2 worst meals we had in Vegas and it was Vegasly overpriced. The reason for the 2 stars is for the fries and Trix liked her burrito.
3	Food was 1.5 stars, but the place gets another 1.5 stars for having a mechanical bull!  You only need to come here if you miss eating tasteless fried food.  But the dance hall has a mechanical bull, which is great for putting a wig and veil wearing bachelor on it.  Best 5 dollars I've spent!
3	I like this "dressed down-dress code" restaurant. One side is the restaurant and the other half is the bar where they have a mechanical bull. It's  free for anyone brave enough to ride it.Not really a fried chicken lover, I probably eat it once or twice a year...I was in the mood and theirs is yummy and what a huge portion!It's located right in front of Treasure Island, It's entrance gets blocked every hour due to the Pirate show right in front of the hotel as spectators block it's doors. Show ends in about 8-12 minutes so it's not so bad.I'd check em out again next time I'm in  Vegas.
1	Why didn't i read Yelp before i went here??? Lesson learned. I'm from Texas and shouldve known better, but I used poor judgment and came here with my wife anyways. Ive eaten pounds of BarBQue at all kinds of Texas BBQ joints and i failed to heed Rule #1: Don't patronize any BBQ place if you cannot locate the smoker. This place has none and their sucky BBQ and the rest of their food should be avoided at all costs. I thought because this was Vegas, maybe they carefully disguised their smoke pit as a fake rock or they rigged it to come out one of those pirate ships at T.I. Alas, no. I ordered the chicken fried steak. It was clearly a frozen rectangle patty and tasted like the kind you would find near a convenience store microwave. In fact, i thought i saw a cook run out the back and cross the street to the AM/PM and then run back. I don't remember what my wife had. I do remember her saying it sucked and was overpriced. The waitress was always in a hurry and literally threw our plates of food on our table as she zipped by to attend to other customers. I felt like hitting her in the head with my frozen patty. Much like the song of the sirens next door and the T.I. pirate show, the menu lures you in with dreams of gastronomical delights. And just like the show next door, your meal ends with a ship battle going on in your stomach because of the poor food quality. P.S. Gilleys: I wouldn't tout the fact that your menu claims your sausage is imported from Elgin. You re making it sound as if Elgin is this magical, mystical far away place. Its like saying your Budweiser is imported from St. Louis. So what? the rest of your food is imported from the generic food aisle of the grocer's freezer. Will never go back there again.
1	Lousy food, lousy service, at least the prices were high.
4	Easy access from the strip, and the best part...BBQ sauce FOR DAYS. If you love BBQ, go here. Nom nom nom.
4	Being that I am from Texas, and my parents used to go honky tonking and two stepping at Gilleys back in the day, I am a bit partial to this place.  Any place that you can sit on a saddle, eat ribs, and drink a Lone Star is allllright in my book.  Came here over the weekend, as we were walking by, and could not pass it up.  Snagged a perfect table outside to people watch, and ordered some Lone Stars.  I opted for the pork sliders with crispy onion strings on them, and couldn't even eat all three. My friend ordered the Nachos, and the waiter who brought them muttered "Good Luck!"  Those babies were HUGE! They were a mountain of cheese, nacho chips, jalapenos, sour cream, and guac.  They were YUMMY!  The service was good, and the crowd diverse.  They even have big beers that come in a big boot shaped glass.  Country music played, and the bathrooms were pristine.  On Sundays, they have bikini bull riding, and in the evenings they have country cover bands.  I will be back!
4	I can't speak for the food at this place since we had just stuffed our faces before venturing over here for most of the rest of the night.  We were a bit disconcerted with the $10 cover charge at first, but we quickly forgot about it after snagging a table with a great view of the mechanical bull and adjacent to the bar. The band (Scotty Alexander) was really good, playing a good variety of country favorites and a few of their own originals.  Our table proved worthwhile for some great bull riding viewing of people of all ability (or more accurately inability). Maybe best of all though was our bill after about 4 hours, 4 captain and diets, 4 blue moons, and 2 shots was about $90 with tip. Not bad for drinks considering we were still on the strip. Too bad I am not into light beer much since they had $1 light beer (I think bud light) for sale while the band was playing. Even though the place doesn't have the classic vegas ambiance, this place might be a new go to for me when looking for a no frills, affordable, good night in Vegas.
3	We had a very pleasant family lunch in the Gilley's restaurant.  We didn't go in the saloon but the restaurant at the back is family friendly with super friendly waiting staff who really took care of our boys (7 & 5).  We went in as it is one of few strip restaurants that looks onto the Strip with natural light - the darkness of the casinos gets oppressive after a while.The food was nothing remarkable, just bog standard burgers and fries etc but it was pleasant enough and the cocktails are good!There were big TV's which kept our children happy with the baseball and soccer coverage.  We went at a Monday lunchtime so it was quiet.Highly recommended for families with fussy children.
4	Everyone on here reviewed this place as bad but I really liked it!Mother in law ordered vegetarian chili that was amazing, I ordered the hot wings-YUM and hubby ordered pork pulled sandwich- super good!!I wish I could have hung at the bar longer! Live band!!
2	I was VERY disappointed. Being from Texas I expected better BBQ. I had the ribs, The char on one side is supposed to be there but you should be able to bite thru it. The ribs had no flavor, only tasted the sauce, which was good, and they were fatty. The cole slaw tasted like lettuce and something,  but was NOT good. Beans had no molasses or brown sugar, just beans and their sauce. My wife tried some kind of special a wrap, bad, bad, bad. Ordered the pulled pork sandwich, was ok,that is why got 2 not 1 star. service was just ok. Will not be back, Famous Daves is SO MUCH BETTER.
3	I can't speak for the food or drinks because we didn't eat or drink here based on the prices and the fact the bartender was really rude, so that was the last person we wanted to give our money to!But I CAN speak for the bull-riding!!!!!!!!!!!  To ride the gilley's bull was one of our main goals before we even arrive in Vegas, and we conquered it!!  You have to sign your life away to do it, but it was a lot of fun and well-worth it.  Plus, you get two rides, so that's always fun!!So go for the bull-riding, but not the overpriced attitude!
4	I have wanted to go to Gilley's for a while now for both food and just to hang out and have drinks.  The high prices for bbq made me apprehensive to eat here and the fact they would have a cover charge just to go in and have drinks is always a no go as I do not like going to places that charge cover.  So we finally decided to go eat here and I'm glad we did.  Got here about 8:30 on a Friday night and had about a twenty minute wait for a table which we used to figure out our order right away.  I had the ribs and my wife had the fried chicken.  You get two sides with the meals.  I really liked the ribs and they had a few custom sauces at the table.  One of which (i cant remember what they had) really went well with the ribs and made them extra good.  The cole slaw and mac n cheese were alright, nothing to write home about and not in the league of smoque in chicago.  My wife really liked her fried chicken.  I thought it was good, I was happier with my ribs.  Overall good food, good service, and will be back to eat again.Tables are really close together throughout the place.  Country videos are played on the screens and are played at a perfect volume to listen and still have a conversation.  Although due to the closeness of the tables I'm sure the table next to me was probably forced to hear my rendition of eric church's hell on the heart.  But i couldnt help it, i love the song.  Overall I liked gilley's and will be back.
3	I like this place, the food is pretty good and they got good looking ladies working here.  next time I'll just get the bbq.  The steak is a little too chard.
4	Growing up on "old school" country I have wanted to try a Gilley's for sometime just to indulge my heart and nostalgia.  This place is located right on strip. Adjacent to casinos but with a window view of the night life outside.  Despite the "what happens in Vegas.." mentality I wanted to exercise some level of discretion and not totally let my diet go. They have some grilled chicken options including the one I picked that was fresh, hot, not greasy and tender.  The karaoke and bronco riding were entertaining. Had some fun, festive drinks on the menu.  After my poor tired feet had walked up and down it hit the spot.
3	When your in Vegas and your not much of a club person and you just want to hang out and have a good time, then this is a fun place. I love country music, so this is usually a good stop for us. We usually have dinner first and its always great. Mainly BBQ fare, they have great pulled pork sandwiches, sweet potato fries and all the fixin's! LOVE the mac and cheese and the grits are creamy and delicious!The last time we were here was on a Sunday night and it was a tad lame. Bikini Bull Riding with some of the saddest people I have ever seen. Needless to say it kinda brought out the scary old men and creepers! The girl bartender was extremily rude and quite the b*tch. We had a good time none the less, and will probably go back, but it wasn't the greatest atmosphere like the last time we were there on a Friday night!
1	Too country for my taste
2	Gilley's proves you can open up anything on the strip, and people will show up. This would be a VERY average neighborhood sports bar, anywhere outside of Vegas. Once you put something very average in Vegas, it becomes below average.The food is typical sports bar fare: burgers, sandwiches, wings, nachos, etc. Highly salty and very average. It's not bad, but it's certainly neither creative or gourmet.Being a bar, and being in Vegas, I was hoping for some decent selection of beer. Nope. They carry the big breweries only. No drink specials either. We ended up spending $50+ for two people for a pretty average meal (and that's being generous about it.) The staff is a lot of younger women, but not the hottest servers I've seen, by any stretch. They looked tired and service was pretty slow. I feel sleepy, just thinking about this place.And if you think I'm rating it low because it's a 'cowboy' theme or not the classiest place in the world, you couldn't be further from the truth. I love casual, laid back and non-pretentious places more than I do the upscale. This place is merely getting by, because of their location. It won't take long for people to find better places with the selection in Vegas.
4	If the wait is long, just check out the Sirens of TI show, which is literally right outside. Our try your hand (foot?) at line dancing or even ride the bull. There's plenty of things to do at Gilley's, and if you like country music you'll enjoy the scene.As far as food goes, it's pretty standard southern barbecue a la Vegas. Which is to say it's not especially great. Pulled pork sandwich was meh, but it was topped with cole slaw. Chili was quite good and filling.I was surprised they didn't have the Boise St./UNLV game on, so maybe it's not the best place for college football. If I go back, it would be for a beer and some chili. Oh, and the Gilley's girls are hot.
3	This place has a lot of potential to be an awesome country bar.  Unfortunately, in a lot of areas, it fails to meet that potential.  There are a few staples every good country bar needs:mechanical bull - CheckCowboys - sort of checkGood music - Check (the house band is suprisingly good)Good dance floor - CheckWhere Gilley's falls off track is the crowd.  I don't know if this is a result of a strip location and too many weird tourists or something else is going on.  At any rate, this bar just had a weird vibe and lacked the feel good atmosphere of most country bars.
1	What I liked: 1) The pulled pork burrito was tasty; 2) They let me charge my phone at the bar; 3)  The strawberry shortcake a la mode (served with a biscuit instead of sponge cake) was pretty much amazing.What I did not like: 1) Waiting 15 minutes for a table when half the establishment was empty; 2) Our server telling us they were out of Shiner Bock even though the gentlemen seated to our right were clearly drinking it; 3) The same server and her middle management goons trying to rush us out the door, ignoring the fact that we were still ordering beers and food; 4) The girl seated behind us who didn't wear a belt. Or underwear.To summarize...Gilley's Food = Not as bad as you'd guessGilley's Service = Worse than you could expect
1	Not worth it!  The food is below average, service is bad, the place is not anything special.  I would not go back.  There are too many great places on the strip to go to waste your time on this rinky dink establishment.  The drinks are pathetic.  Waited for refills.  My husband had to wait for a new pot of coffee which took 10 minutes.  The extra staff who gets water etc is a joke.  Unfortunately I have no choice to give 1 star.  This place is a big 0!
4	Put on your boots for some two stepping!  Gilley's, inside of Treasure Island, had a big dance floor and a live band on the Saturday night we went to.  Not many people were in there dancing, but eventually later in the night some came out for line dancing, although almost all of the songs played were two-step.  The live band was pretty good.The bar wasn't too crowded, but the drinks weren't cheap.  I still had a lot of fun, considering I went there for some dancing.  No cover charge, and drink specials if you come early.  They had a mechanical bull, but we didn't try it.
2	The food was very mediocre. Ordered the country style fried chicken, and it was dry and hard as a rock. The side dishes are pretty decent. Oddly, draft beers are served in plastic cups in the dining room -- seemed like a very undignified way to enjoy a Blue Moon ale! The menu featured pitchers of beer for $15, however they said that they weren't available, but you could purchase a "tube" of beer for $25 (heard this story repeated at several tables making the same "mistake" as us). Servers were also a little absent considering how empty the place was for lunch.
3	Once located in the Frontier Hotel it is now located in the Treasure Island (TI).  BBQ menu, live music, karaoke and mechanical bull.
3	We had a $50 food credit from staying at Treasure Island so we chose to use it here for dinner one night.  We were in Vegas during the week so it wasn't so crowded or insane.  I had the ribs and my boyfriend had the pulled pork.  I had the french fries which were great and the mac and cheese.  That was not as memorable as the shoestring fries but still tasty.  I thought this meal hit the spot.  We turned around in our seats to watch the pirate show outside which was cool.  For an easy and convenient meal, this place fit the bill.
2	Music and dancefloor are ok.The service was terrible!! Tried to go to the bar to get water and two bartenders walked by...one getting ice and the other went over to shoot the breeze with one of their friends...stood there for 20 minutes with no acknowledgement.The venue is fairly new...I never made it to Gilley's at the frontier so I don't know how it compares. Overall we had a fun night. The bullriding was entertaining, though we saw an overabundance of exposed butts...we went on a Wednesday night, so it was fairly slow. If you're looking for a country venue, Gilley's is about the only option. Beer selection is standard Country bar faire...bud, bud light, coors light, lonestar...
5	Gonna start right off with the fact it was Thursday night when I was here and "ladies night" $1 drinks OH MY!  And they were no casino drinks either let me tell you.  They were strong and to the point.  We came in here on our first night in Vegas and put our name in for a table and ended up getting pretty wasted and had a ton of fun while waiting.  They have the mechanical bull going and music and line dancing.  We did manage to get to the restaurant later in the evening and the food was pretty good.  Cant go into real details for you since I had plenty of $1 drinks and really didn't care what I ate, just know I needed to.  The Treasure Island show is right outside however you cannot see anything from here and they even block off the exit that goes out that way during the shows.  I fully recommend coming here if you are a lady on Thursday nights it certainly gets the night started off right.  WARNING it took us 1 day to recoup from this night so don't over do it.
2	I expected good things from this place. It's in Vegas... has hot waiters in cowboy hats... country music ... AND a mechanical bull... come on. Although the ambiance was fun, the food left a lot to be desired. I ordered the fried catfish. The portion was HUGE, but the fish was not fresh at all. They were basically pieces of catfish dipped in batter and then fried. The first piece I had I couldn't eat. They left on the dark meat and if the chef knew what he was doing, he'd know that that's where the blood is concentrated in the fish, making it taste fishy. I ditched that piece and ate one with only white meat, and it was obvious that the cat fish was not fresh. It tasted like it was frozen or has been sitting out for too long. They also overcooked their corn on the cob, which is something that annoys the daylights out of me when it comes to most American restaurants. My boyfriend had brisket, which he didn't seem to be too happy about. I tried a piece and it was a little dry and hard, not moist, melt-in -your-mouth, fall-off-the-bone like a proper bbq should be. However, I will give them props on their hush puppies, which were delightfully flavorful. I also enjoyed the green bean casserole, but I could've easily made that at home...  I don't agree with having to pay a cover charge to stand in the dance hall... even though we ate there. So, we didn't get to watch any bull riding. Will not go back again.
1	Highly mediocre food.
3	Over priced food. Food was OK. Nothing really speical about it. Maybe just the decorations.
5	one word. BRISKETThe brisket at Gilley's is a glaring memory from my last Vegas trip (and having any memory of something in Vegas is saying a lot). It was just plain GOOD and I will go here and order it everytime I come back to Vegas. The corn muffins were also really tasty. My boyfriend got the nachos and loved them.We also stumbled upon our new favorite whiskey at the bar...Red Stag. It's a black cherry whiskey an dis incredible...ask the bartender to serve you a shot chilled and it's even better. Sadly we were only in the bar while waiting for our table so we didn't ge tto party there that night, but next time we're in Sin City one night will be spent there.Not only was the food great, but the price was too...especially for being on the strip. Weird to see so many bad reviews, we were there on a Friday night and had no problems. Did we wait for a table? Of course, but we went in the abr area, had some drinks and watched people ride the bull....we were seated in no time. Though one of my favorite comments made in a review was regarding the fried cafish.."They were basically pieces of catfish dipped in batter and then fried." What else would fried catfish be?? Just wondering...
2	Gilleys used to be located at The New Frontier Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas before the place got demolished to dust.  In those days Gilleys featured not only a mechanical bull but also bikini mud wrestling. Cold Beer and Dirty Girls was the mantra and it was a trip to remember. So my excitement was peaked when i found out that the place had relocated to the Treasure Island Hotel and Casino.  However my excitement was short lived ( as was my peak) when i found out that the dirty girls wrestling in the mud had been replaced with senior citizens line dancing the night away. The term "titty alert" which had been used at many a mud wrestling events to describe a fighters wardrobe malfunction had turned into a "old bitty alert". To add insult to injury , the only person riding a bull was a thirty something year old male misfit from Brokeback Mountain. So with a broken spirit i had the hostess find the wife and I a table.  She was nice enough to sit us in a spot that overlooked the Vegas Strip, nice, but still not mud wrestling.  Gilleys specializes in BBQ and has always done a good job at it.  After reviewing the menu Simone and I started with Sweet Potato Fries served with molasses ketchup and a maple marshmallow dipping sauce. For some odd reason the marshmallow sauce was a light green ( i dare not ask why). It worked well with the crispy fries and probably would have worked just as well with a peanut butter sandwich.  The molasses ketchup was also good and Simone and I finished it all. For our Entrees Simone tried the house chili. It was average and light on the spice, and reminded me more of spaghetti sauce then it did chili.  I probably could have made some at my own house for a fraction of the cost and it would have been much better and i at least would have served it with some chips. For my own entree,  I choose the Classic Pulled Pork Sandwich. It was a huge portion of pulled pork piled high on a garlic toasted bun topped with creamy coleslaw. The pork was smoked perfectly and had great flavor and moistness.  However this did cause the bun below to quickly get soggy which was disappointing because the bun was very good before it turned to mush.  The fries that the sandwich was served with were some of the best i have had in a long time. They were super thin and super crispy and may have been the highlight of the plate.  Overall this version of Gilleys left me a little dissapointed. It still serves great BBQ ( and good fries) but the other offerings were lacking in flavor. I still prefer the Dirty Girls and Cold Beer days of old. I hope that some day the mudd will return and Gilleys will once again be a little more country and a little more dirty
3	for some reason i didnt get any excitement out of this place... we initially came in for some beer pong but it apparently starts at 11pm... and it was about 8pm at the time... soooooo we kind of didnt want to wait 3 hours to play beer pong...food wasnt amazing like vegas food is supposed to be.. but what ever..it was fun watching everyone ride the bull though.
2	Fail. This place is nothing like the old Gilleys.. and can't even touch Stoneys in the fun department.First of all, someone please tell me why the kitchen is out in the open right when you walk in...with bright cooking lights shining and only a few feet away from the dance floor. Talk about mood kill. When you are trying to have fun and dance and drink with friends... it's kind of awkward to have an open kitchen right in your face. Just a stupid and awkward set up. The kitchen should be in the restaurant area, not the night club area. We did go sit in the back and grab food before we headed to the "club". It was just okay. Nothing to write home about. Too expensive for what it is. I got a cajun hamburger and fries, which cost $16. Then, I got a Sangria to drink which was $10. After it was all said and done after tip, My meal alone was $32 bucks. A little ridiculous for one person for average food that wasn't even that good.I went last night which was a Sunday, so not sure how the rest of the nights are... but this place is 100% country. Stoneys at least breaks it up and will play some booty shakin freestyle dance music every hour or so to change it up, which I like since I don't really country dance well. Unless you are a die hard country music lover, this place probably wont be for you. They didn't even play cupid's shuffle or the cha cha slide. The basic fun and less country line dances that everyone knows and loves.Now the final straw.. This bikini bull riding. It went on ALL night long pretty much. It consisted of mostly overweight or obese women in bikinis and underwear trying to look sexy on the bull... while the lighting and jiggling of the bull accentuates every dimple and unsightly flaw. I was embarrassed for them. However, this was mildly entertaining, plus there was some fun and nice people there to talk to from a convention that made good company.... so that's why I give 2 stars. The old Gilleys was a blast. Had a bigger and better lay out. Had better ambiance and appeal and seemed more with it.. and more like a night club and bar. This Gilleys has the wrong lay out and you are next to a bright kitchen and a small dance floor, and watching the bull is the highlight of the night. It's a shame cause I was excited that it came back but it was an utter disappointment.
4	Went for Karaoke on Tues/Weds night 8 pm. We went "early", not knowing how the set-up was. Sat at the bar, bartender seemed "aloof" and annoyed they he had to serve drinks. We did not tip him at all. We then moved to the seating around the bar area which was getting crowded. Service was a tad slow, but OK. The bigger room was closed off for a private party at 6pm. We thought this party was going on all night, but actually ended at 8. However, no signs telling anyone of this.So the Karaoke guy shows up at a few minutes before 8 and seems pissed off that I'm asking him his procedure. You know, like sign in sheet, or internet choices etc ? Every Karaoke is different. So, anyway, Karaoke gets going and I'm 2nd up and was great, Excellent sound system screens etc. Only got to sing 2 songs because everybody and their brother starts coming in and gets to sing immediately, so rotation keeps getting pushed back.We will be back in June again. Waitresses dressed in Bikinis with chaps seems a little corney, and mechanical bull is really corney, especially with 50 something lardos  mounting up.
3	The initial feeling of you when you are asked, "Want to go have some BBQ?", should automatically trigger your taste buds into salivation mode.  That is exactly what happened to me, but my expectations were sadly not met.  Don't get me wrong, you can't ask for a better country bar to break in a newby into the scene, but BBq was just not up to power.  I got to sample the rack of ribs, the famous brisket sandwich, and the country fried chicken.  All of course accompanied with a symphony of sides; home style mac' and cheese, biscuits, gravy, cornbread, smashed potatoes, and cole slaw.  Everything looked appetizing but tasting it was sadly a whole different story.Ribs that were promised to be falling of the bone were tough.  The brisket sandwich that promised to be famous was infamous for lacking deliciousness, and the country fried chicken.... well that was actually the only thing I took to.  However, there was an upside.  Wait staff was wonderful.  They really know how to give you that warm country welcome.  Drinks didn't cost a pretty penny and it was nice to know that it's okay to have a plastic bucket of beer on your table while you dine the night away.  I definitely will come back for some line dancing, beer buckets, and country karaoke, but won't be visiting the restaurant side any time soon.
5	This may be the most fun I've ever had at a bar, and that's saying A LOT since I've had some good times *coughcough*. The appetizers were nothing much to speak of so we'll just skip that part.After a horrible time at Surrender, we decided to shed the heels and pretentiousness, put on jeans, and do some country dancing. GOOD CHOICE GIRLS. There was an awesome band (Chauncey Williams and the Younger Brother Band if my Googling is correct) and they had the place swinging. The mechanical bull provided endless horrifying entertainment as girls in skirts shoved their asses in the air. The bar was crowded and understaffed, leading to a bit of a wait for a drink. One bartender in particular (didn't get her name unfortunately) was a goddamn champ. She wasn't happy, but she was working her ass off to get everyone their drinks. Go girl. The door staff was awesome too, in stark contrast to our earlier experience.And we befriended a smokin hot cowboy; what could be better?
3	I'm so excited to write this review, I don't even know where to start!Ok.....I like about 8 country songs, so getting dragged to a country bar was not my plan, but last Friday (4/13) I obliged, and found myself in the epicenter of silliness and random nonsense.  Before arriving, I was asked by a friend if I could "two-step?"  My response:  "Like, my drink and my two-step?"  Then I was told that two-stepping is what they do at country bars, it's like hillbilly ballroom dancing.  This bar has that. Here's a bunch of other random stuff I noticed on my visit:Lots of dirty old cowboys doing inappropriate things (spitting beer all over their wives for example).A mechanical bull with an operator that knew what he was doing.A very authentic country band (very talented, I forget the name, sorry)In a well-lit, country bar, the stereotypes about white people being bad dancers are hilariously true.  I think copious levels of alcohol had something to do with all the bad moves.  If you learn the electric slide, you never need to learn another line dance again, they do it to every song.  This bar reminds me of a lot of college bars around the country:  Same level of intoxication, but more tourists, and less lacrosse hats.  I wouldn't say I'm looking forward to returning to Giley's, but the staff was very friendly, and there are worse places to spend an few hours on the strip.....Y'all!
4	GREAT VIEW! GREAT ATMOSPHERE!! GREAT & YUMMY FOOD! GREAT & FRIENDLY SERVICE!! - SO filling, it was a beautiful day outside - everything is/was GREAT!!my only thing was the price's seemed a little too much/high - my ONLY complaint
2	We were staying at TI, passed by Gilleys and thought "Hey, let's have dinner there one night!" BBQ sounded tasty, and we thought it'd be worth our while to try the place out.The ambiance/atmosphere of Gilley's was exactly what I expected. I haven't been to many (if any) country-western bars before, so this being my first one, it did not disappoint, appearance-wise. Saddle-seat bar stools, a mechanical bull, loud country music and several televisions playing the corresponding music videos for the songs, plus a decent-sized dance floor with a few people two-stepping. The waitresses were wearing bikinis with chaps and cowboy hats, which I guess is the 'Vegas' spin on country attire, lol. Anyway, we spent some time in the bar area while waiting for our table, but we didn't order anything. The food smelled great though, and we were looking forward to our meal. But, that's about as good as it got for us.We were seated and it took a while for the waitress to come around and take our order. Then we ended up waiting a for what seemed like nearly 40 minutes for our food to arrive. The waitress stopped by and said the reason for the delay was that one of us ordered salmon, so the other 3 plates were ready, she was just waiting for the salmon to be cooked. Umm, ok. So, when our food finally came out, 3 of the dishes were only luke-warm, having been sitting out, waiting for what must've been 20 minutes. I would assume that if the kitchen knew the salmon was going to take longer to prep, wouldn't they start that dish FIRST, and the others later, so that all our orders came out together - and hot? We could've sent the 3 other dishes back, but by the time everything finally arrived, we were too hungry to bother.As it was, we were all disappointed, not just with the service, but with the food itself. The ribs were overcooked and very dry. They looked and tasted burnt. The salmon was alright, but it's pretty hard to screw-up salmon. The mashed potatoes were good, but that wasn't enough of a plus to redeem the failure of the BBQ. I've eaten at many other BBQ places before...and this place had the worst ribs and BBQ I think I've ever had. Couple that with the slow service, and Gilleys was a disappointment all around.
4	For affordable yummy comfort food to soak up the previous night's alcohol, this place is perfect.  On a recent sunny Sunday morning, this restaurant had no waiting for an open window seat.  We loitered for over an hour soaking in the sun and enjoying tasty wings, green chili and sweet potato fries.  We had tried some fancier restaurants while in town hoping for a few superior dining experiences and were disappointed.  This place gave us exactly what we were looking for at that time.  Attentive service, yummy food, reasonable price and a low key atmosphere.  Exactly what the doctor ordered.This restaurant is located in Treasure Island.
4	Where to start with Gilley's??  The girls in their cute little cowboy hats and tiny bikinis drew me in but the food kept us there and left us satisfied. There are posters all over TI advertising the place, with the girls in their (tiny) black bikinis front and center. My husband and I were looking for a bit to eat on our last night in town and got tired of walking around so we settled on Gilley's. I am an avid country music (and western wear) fan, so I felt right at home. You walk through the bar and dance hall section to the restaurant in the back, which has a completely different feel than the front of the establishment. I immediately regretted our choice when I realized Yelp's average was an unimpressive 2.5 stars, but since we were hungry we decided to stay anyway. And boy, am I glad we did!! My husband had the pulled pork sandwich with a side of the two-cheese mac & cheese, and I had the Gilley's chili with a side of mac & cheese. The chili wasn't at all anything to write home about - a little too thin and runny and the texture of the beef reminded me of Taco Bell. However, the chili came with jalapeno corn muffins which were AWESOME... cakey and dense but not dry with the perfect amount of jalapeno flavor. I ordered two more on the side for $1. My husband made a complete mess of himself eating the pulled pork sandwich, declaring with confidence that it was easily the best one he had ever had. While I make dramatic declarations like this all the time, he does not, so this is quite an impressive comment coming from him. The mac & cheese was excellent, and service was very friendly and prompt. Lona, our waitress, took care of all our requests very quickly. I did leave with an empty plastic boot, which you can get filled with a margarita for $17. Since I wasn't up to being three sheets to the wind 16 hours before needing to board a plane, I opted to take it home empty. It was cheaper than the cowboy boots I had been ogling at Boot Star in Fashion Show the day before! For the first out of two times on our trip, I was glad I didn't heed Yelp's advice and miss out on this one (the second location I almost passed up was Sammy's Beach Bar & Grill at McCarren Airport - see review)
3	A newer addition to the strip....Ahhh.....Not that drinking your face off makes you feel bloated enough...Add some greasy fried food in the mix and you might as well go back to the room and sleep off your bloated, carb induced coma. Fried catfish...fried chicken....Both were surprisingly tasty. The portions were HUGE and could feed a whole family. I would recommend the food, if you are looking for a cheaper alternative on the strip. Now, the drinks...Bikini Bull Rider with  Limon rum, triple sec, cranberry, lemon sour and soda....Pink Lips- tangerine vodka, triple sec, lemonade and grenadine..yum...Then there's the I'll be your Huckleberry- firefly vodka and lemonade...all very good!The view was great---people watching is at it's best and the server was fast and friendly.
5	What a FUN little country nook in the heart of the strip!  We came here for a nice hearty "meat n potatoes" dinner, unaware of the cute cowgirls and the country dancefloor!  Ended up sitting at the bar to eat our nachos and burger (which became our dinner).  Enjoyed conversation with some cowboys sitting down the bar from us.  Ended the country escapade with some from our group attempting to line dance on our way out of the place!  As fun as it gets... and yes, I did get it on video!  :)~
1	We had a sweet heart of a waitress but when ours wasn't near we called Aimee who was working 5/11/12 close to mid night told us in a rude manner that she was not our waitress. Then latter on she walks by and tells us that "they ran out of food and they cant feed you" Really This chick needs to get out of the service business and find something that will fit her rude manner like WWF
1	If I could give no stars then that would be my choice.   I have no idea what the food or drink selection is because no one ever came by to take our order.  We chose to sit in the bar and there were four of us.. a young couple in mid 20's and my husband and I in our 40's so it wasn't like we were rude or obnoxious.  There weren't a lot of choices to sit close to the bar and the waitress told us to sit anywhere so we had to take a table away from the bar where her and another waiter just stood talking.  We waited for about 5 minutes and no one ever came over to take drink/food orders so we got up and left. There are so many places to choose from in LV that customer service should be top notch.  This bar is located right outside TI so we went inside and ate at Khahunaville  where we were treated like valued patrons.
4	What to start with, Gilley's was alot of fun.  We ate there on more than one occasion and usually got the appetizers (Nachos and Chicken tenders).  Loved the food, a lot more than my husband and I could eat and the waitresses really took care of you even when you were just ordering drinks.  We sat out in the bar part by the mechanical bull and had great sevice even during the busy times.  Every night they have a special theme, we really enjoyed World Famous Bikini Bull Riding.  There was a DJ and 5 girls rode the bowl and they had promotions where you could get free stuff from their sponsors.  I had a lot of fun both because of what I was drinking and the entertainment.  They have line dancing classes at certain times, you can ride the mechanical bull or just watch others partake in it.  If you want to have a seat you need to get their a little earlier than it starts or if you don't mind standing don't worry about the timing, either way you will enjoy yourselves at Gilley's.  The waitresses are all dressed cute and they get on the dance floor at times and are very good at the line dances.  They are willing to take pictures with the customers and it makes for a great memory of your trip.  You are encouraged to wear your western wear while you are there, but not required.  I don't have any complaints when it comes from Gilley's whether you are just looking for inexpensive food, drinks, or entertainment you can't go wrong with here.  It is located in Treasure Island on the Las Vegas Strip.
1	This place has a good atmosphere, but the food is absolutely horrible.  My friend ordered steamed carrots and they were yellow.  His fried chicken was comparable to the turkey in the movie Christmas Vacation.  It was extremely overcooked.  Other friend ordered Chicken Fried steak.. same thing.. I had onion rings and the pork chili which wasn't bad, and my final friend had a bud light, which was good..  then we get the bill and it was $84.. $84 for fried chicken, chicken fried steak, onion rings, a bowl of chili and a bud light.. maybe I'm out of touch but it was way too much.  I will say the servers were very nice and were extremely good natured but needless to say I will not be returning when i can go to KFC across the st. at the mall for a hard $8
3	Gilley's really was a lot of fun.  They have a good deal on a bucket of beers and the food is decent (although expensive for what it is).  The best part about Gilley's is definitely the mechanical bull.  I popped my mechanical bull cherry here; I was really nervous but it was a lot of fun, I was even able to stay on for a good minute or so.  We went to the Bikini Bull Riding contest they have on Sundays, and even though most of the girls seemed like legit volunteers, I know at least one of them worked there.  She's blonde, and they pulled her out of the crowd and she said it was her 21st birthday and that she hadn't ridden a mechanical bull in a very long time.  She then proceeded to strip down and ride the bull like a pro.  She hasn't ridden it in a very long time?  I saw her there the night previous to that riding it and then doing some well-choreographed line dancing.  This girl clearly works at Gilley's in some capacity.  Which is fine, I understand that they need to have some kind of a "show" for this type of thing, but what bothers me is the girl made it to the final 3!  What if she had won?  You're going to give the cash prize to an employee?  I'm still skeptical on whether this contest was rigged or not.  It's a shame.
4	We were in Vegas from july 22 until 26 and we ate here one the 23rd. My husband and I decided to eat here. Our first choice was Senor Frogs but the wait there was a 20-30 or 30-45 if you wanted to sit outside. Even though the atmosphere at Senor Frogs looked like fun (there was a live show of sorts), we had build up a hunger from shopping all day long and decided to take our chances on Gilley's. We were seated immediately near the window. We had a great view from the strip there and if we turned around we were able to catch the pirate show. Our waitress, Catalina was a very nice girl and when we decided on appetizers she even gave us the advice not to start with the nachos grande plate because it was huge and it will spoil our dinner. So we started with the chicken strips.They were good, crunchy and a bit spicy. We had two dips of choice, one was barbeque and another was ranch. My husband and I usually enjoy the ranch sauce, but this one we kept doubting over. Do we like it or not? We decided that it had weird tangy taste, as if they used a lot of lemon in it. So we emptied the barbeque sauce. For dinner my husband had the baby pork ribs, with a side of corn and fries. I had the steak with the side of corn and fries. The steak was a bit luke-warm when it arrived and I am a very slow eater, so that turned my steak to become a bit cold. It wasn't a big deal for me, the steak still tasted good, but I would prefer a very hot steak the next time. My steak was sometimes a bit too burned, which caused me to scrape some of the burned bits off. For my husband the baby pork ribs slided right of the bone and I could see that he was really enjoying his food. For the side the fries were good, crispy and small very nice. We got two pieces of corn, but the corn was too buttery.We both enjoy our corn un buttered and it had us cleaning off butter from our corn. Other than that, we were treated really well, our waitress, Catalina was a very nice woman. The view is nice and fun as well if you catch it around the pirate show. We saw the other ship coming in and battling with the other one. Lots of fun, imagine if you would catch a seat on the patio!
2	It depends on what you're looking for.  I think the food was marginal.  Most people seem to come for the country music and girls dressed in cowgirl hats, bikinis, chaps, and boots.  The service was decent.
5	Best night during our vegas stay.  Linsay the mechanical bull operator makes a great first impression and persuades those on the fence to try the bill.  Great ribs too.
5	I was there alone on Friday 08/03/12 when my friends were gambling and I had a lot of fun watching the live band and mechanical bull riding.  The people there were nice too, kept me company and asked me to dance :)  Love the atmosphere hehe
4	Wanted something not quite so claustrophobic, expensive and dressy and Gilleys fit the bill. The place is big and airy like a Texas steakhouse.  Prices were reasonable. My wife and I split a meal and got a few sides and left full. BBQ was good. My wife loved the Mac and Cheese. Hush puppies were fine, but not crazy about the sauces. Ended up using catch up as well. A separate waitress ensured out drinks never went dry.  Nice open windows along the outside for view of the strip or dancing and mechanical bull inside.
5	Located in Treasure Island, this transplant from Memphis is a great spot. A wide selection of BBQ,and lighter fare for those of you who refuse to enjoy yourselves. There is a Foursquare check in special: Three Dollar Budweiser and Bud Light drafts! Try the Hog Wings, think Buffalo Wings but made from pork shanks, these are unreal. Also I should point out scantily clad waitresses (thats for those of you not into BBQ and Foursquare specials). Wait at least an hour after eating before riding the mechanical bull!  Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	Always a fun time here!
5	Great food. We had to wait a long time to get seated but once we did we loved it. The servers were prompt once we were seated and gave us enough time to get back to the room to change for a night on the town.
2	I got the pulled pork sandwich and wasn't that good. service sucked bad, waited long for the food and check. Only good thing about this place is if you sit on the patio you can see the strip and people walking by.
2	I am in limbo about Gilley's. I love country music, I enjoy people watching, I tend to not care where I go after enough drinks, and so Gilley's would seem like a perfect place for this. I might not have had enough drinks in me to prepare me for the sensory overload, but I just felt out of place. The drinks are definitely Strip price. The cocktail waitresses, clad in bikinis and chaps, make their way around the floor rather often. One of the aspects that turned me off the most was that I signaled to be cut off when my friends were ordering drinks and the girl ignored me and brought me a drink anyways. I was planning on leaving soon and wanted to sober up, but the sale was more important than my wish. This has happened a few times on the Strip and that is a main deterrent  as to why I avoid  touristy attractions.
3	Great music and atmosphere.  I wish the staff would dance less on the floor and show off but actually serve their customers.  We want drinks and excellent service, not seeing you do your line dancing.  If your off the clock cool, but otherwise get it together.  The riding bull was fun to watch.  One of the staff members showed her skills and it was awesome.  Will be back :)
3	Why would a bunch of Texans go the Las Vegas to go to a country western bar? I don't know my but everyone else there seems loved that they were there giving two step lessons. I myself am not a big country music fan but I can appreciate it. Plus it's fun to see my guy friends' twirling girls around the dance floors. We were there on a Sunday night which was pretty slow.The best part was the bull riding bikini contest. In a bikini and gyrating on a mechanical bull is not forgiving at all. You can definitely see all the jelly. Yikes. Anyhow that was a good 10 minutes or so of entertainment. I personally wouldn't go back because it's not my scene. But if you like country music, this might be the place for you on the strip.
1	The service was piss poor, the bartender did not know how to make a simple drink.  Don't waste your time or money.
4	As a country girl at heart, I loved Gilley's! My boyfriend, two friends and I visited Gilley's on a Saturday night. To make the evening more fun, we decided to go all out and dress up in our cowboy and cowgirl gear. Boots, hats, flannel shirts and jeans! There were a few others in full-on country wear too. We first entered the bar side through Treasure Island. As we were planning on having dinner, we were stumped by the lack of tables. After wandering around for a few minutes, we learned from the bartender that there was another half that held the restaurant. We put our name on the wait list and got a table within 20 minutes. I ordered the 8 oz. flat iron steak with sides of two-cheddar mac and cheese and buttermilk whipped potatoes. The steak was cooked beautifully to medium rare and the mac and cheese was wonderful. The potatoes were decent but could have used a bit more seasoning. My boyfriend had the BBQ pulled pork sandwich with french fries. While I can't vouch for the sandwich (I don't eat pork), the fries were delicious dipped in ranch.The food isn't cheap ($20 for the steak and $15 for the sandwich) but the atmosphere is fun and the service is good.
2	Bad service. Bad food. Bad lunch for my 12/25. This was last year's 12/25 by the way.
3	Cowboy Up!!!  This is a really fun country/western club that we like to visit when we're in Vegas.  I still miss the old location inside the old Frontier....but those days are long gone.  This one isn't bad, but I don't like the entrance when it's crowded.  It's really difficult to get through the crowd, especially if you want to get to the other side, which has more tables and seats.The night we went, there was a good band playing and plenty of people out on the dance floor.  I've never tried the food here.  Too many choices to eat in Vegas.  This place is strictly for partying for us.Return Factor - 80%
1	omg! the rudest servers ever!! 2 of them! hostess wasnt nice either! food not good! guy waiter was sooooooo rude!! i've never ever had so bad service in my life!
4	One word. Bull! You really need to ride the bull or make one of your friends ride the bull. It provides entertainment for everyone at the bar and makes for an overall good time.
5	Had a blast!! Loved the theme , loved the barstools shaped like saddles, loved. the Lone Star beer.I loved the Meyers hot link, But the superstar is the white cheddar and green chile grits are out of this world.
4	Love it everytime we visit Las Vegas. Good music, bikini bull riding, good food/drink prices, good karaoke nights, line dancing. Basically everything a country club should be.
4	Love the food and the open air when the strip windows are open! Very cool & fun space to grab lunch and spend a little time in the afternoon.
4	My friends and I came here after leaving another bar.  Did not know they had a bull here.  Too bad the security is lame because they don't let anyone 6" and over ride it.  None of my guy friends were allowed to ride.  This place has a dance floor, some good music.  It was fun for the time being.
4	Good bar for the strip, didn't try the food.  Went both Wednesday and Thursday.  The karaoke cowboy was really cheesy, but the people made the night fun.  The band on Thursday - Ryan ... something - was great!  Definitely a bit pricey, but not over the top.  The staff was pretty friendly, except the male bartender with the goofy glasses.  Guess he was having his monthly?  The husky blond female security guard had more personality than the whole bar - make her the boss!  Not as good as it was when it was at the New Frontier, but I'll go back.
1	Nasty food. I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich It looked good but the coleslaw and blue cheese was discusting. I had to scrap it off it left a horrible taste in my mouth and on the sandwich. I had my husband try it he actually had to spit it out. My husband ordered a burger it was okay but I guess you can't go to wrong with a burger. Should of trusted the reviews but I was in the area and hungry.
3	Surprise, surprise, the food actually was pretty darn good!Well, we had a Groupon and so I thought we'd take advantage of it for lunch today.  I had my doubts, since I rarely go down to the Strip and most Strip joints are all sizzle and no substance.But, I must admit Gilley's turned out A-OK.We ordered the Sweet Tea to start and boy, it was nasty tasting stuff, so I wasn't expecting too much for the meal.But, I had the Green Chili and it was really very good and so too was the Mac & Cheese that I had along with the Chili.Mrs. G enjoyed the Fried Chicken.  It was crisp, moist, and quite tasty.  Her two sides were the good Mac & Cheese and the let's just say not so good Baked Beans.We had a great seat right on the Strip and the service was friendly and decent.Ended up going to the casino afterwards and won back my lunch expenditure on TI's dime, since we got free play for new slot club members. Hit enough and a bit more to cover lunch and called it a day.  All-in-all we left happy.
3	We wandered into here randomly trying to kill some time between meetings.  It happened to be happy hour. ProsMixed drinks - actual mixed drinks, not rail - are BOGO.  Two Jack & Cokes for $7.75 (which turned into six...)The service was great.  Super attentive and, when the shifts changed, we were still attended to promptly and friendly.ConsThe food was not good.  We had a sampler and everything was tasteless.  Except the hushpuppies.  The "crispy" buffalo wings were also soggy and mushy.  I would not eat here again.Just RandomWhy are the "day" outfits jeans and teeshirts but the post-5pm outfits ass-less chaps?  This became the butt (hehe) of many jokes at our table.  By the end, it stopped being a funny novelty and we all (a table of men and me) just concluded that we really didn't want anyone serving us food sans pants.
2	Nice, big place. Drinks reasonably priced. Went for karaoke. Put in my first selection. "You can't do that song. It has swear words." Put in a substitute selection: "You can't do that song. It has a drug reference. You can't do any songs that have swear words, drug references, or sexual lyrics." I'm sorry, what the fuck city am I in?So no sex, drugs, or swearing allowed in your song selection. In a bar where the waitresses strut around in bikinis and chaps. Songs about gun violence were apparently fair game, though.Decent bar, really lame karaoke.
4	Great place, good music and good food. I had both lunch and dinner at Gilley's. But i had to say, that TGI Fridays have a better Baby Back Ribs. I will come back back next year to Gilley's
5	Great music, spacious, great energy and VERY friendly staff!!!! This place was everything you would expect it to be...shame on me for not realizing there was an enormous country bar behind the restaurant sooner, as I have passed it over many times. I will be coming back on every trip to Vegas going forward!!!!
1	I have been to Gilley's twice in the past and absolutely loved it!  Always recommend friends stop by for a burger and drinks!  I recently went to Vegas for the Superbowl and went in on 02/4 with my friend for lunch and drinks.  Ordered an appetizer, drinks and burgers.  A bee landed on my burger and I told my waitress what happened.  She took my burger showed it to the manager...assumed they would get me another burger or credit our bill.  Neither was done!!!  I got the bill for a $19 burger that I ate less than a quarter of.  When I asked why  nothing was done, she said the manager said no.  What horrible management, what horrible service.  No customer service!  I will make sure to never go back or send anyone else there.  Learn that you need to treat customers with respect and correct problems like that!!!
2	My cousin and I purchased a dinner & show package for Cirque de Soliel and decided to eat here as our dinner option as it seemed fun and had menu items (from the set menu) that both of us would eat.  I wasn't too impressed.  The service was not good and they didn't even try to offer us anything else aside from the set menu, which we would have liked.  The portions are huge, way too much for one person to eat and you can't really take leftovers back when we were headed to the show.  our waiter was non existent most of the time and was too busy flirting with the other waitresses.I wouldn't come back.
2	Love the music, service was good.. Food was Ho hum.. Got the ten gallon combo and also brisket filet. Flavors were ok. Too much 'Gas/Charcoal' to the cooking, instead of mesquite wood flavor. So food tasted like it had been drenched in gas..
2	Never thought I would say I missed the old Frontier's version, but I do.  The place looks like a cleaned up, commercialized cookie cutter version of the old staple.  The feel and soul of the old place just didn't transition, but the Gilley's Girls outfits did! Still ass-less chaps with a tiny top, and their signature smile was still there as well.The issue was there were only 2 Gilley's Girl there...for the whole place!  They were working their ass-less chaps off trying to (and doing a good job of it) get to everyone.  I can't remember our waitresses name (guess it was a better night than I thought), but she was on the move the whole time we were there.The food was ok at best and even the servings seems skimpy  in comparison.  I will give the guy operating the mechanical bull kudos as it obviously wasn't his first rodeo!  He had the typical drunk guy tourist bucked off within seconds, while making sure the ladies were properly shaken and gyrated before being allowed to fall off.  The bull was by far the best people watching at the place.  In review if you are looking to go out to a country club for dancing, drinks and socializing...do yourself a favor and just head to Stoney's or Revolver unless you want your country mixed with half drunk tourist and overpriced drinks.
2	I'm not a fan of country music but Yo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They got women doing bull riding in here. I guess I can stay for a little while.
1	Even for free it stunk.
3	Great food awesome sexy waitresses love this place
3	I had been wanting to check this place out for a while and wound up here on a Friday around happy hour with a friend who was visiting.  The bartender did not serve up service with a smile.  He asked us what we wanted to drink.  When I asked him what the specials were he responded and I didn't hear the second thing he said so I asked him to repeat.  He seemed truly annoyed and put out by this.  I guess when you mix overpriced drinks with drunk tourists you don't really have to smile to get tips?  The happy hour deals weren't that great - 3 dollar drafts or an extra shot in your well drink, which was regularly priced.  There's a big dance floor, stage for live music, and a mechanical bull.  Seems like this place would be pretty fun at night but won't go out of my way to check it out.
4	We had a great waitress. Let us know happy hour was almost over got our order in quickly and even split a drink for us. Food was decent and well priced for the strip. It had a fun vibe. If you go here expecting casual food and atmosphere it's a good choice. The night we went restaurant was full with a long wait but the hostess suggested we sit in the bar since only two of us. It was more than fine. Same food menu.
3	3.5 stars for cheap Jameson, somewhat decent food, and a fun patio.Never thought I'd be a Yelp app regular at Gilley's, but lo and behold, there was my golden checkmark (of shame). I visited a while back with Dana S (the S is for Some Hot Bitch) where we got cheap Jame-O and loled at karaoke. Visited again recently for food and more drinks, and I was not disappointed (but then again, I was not paying). The nachos were alright--tasted like my beloved Taco John's  which is a pretty good compliment coming from me. The chicken strips were just that--frozen animal flesh fried in un-food batter and grease--but the vinegary mustardy sauce sold me. Also had a bite of the jalapeno grits which were the highlight of the meal.Overall, not a terrible place, but not the best either. The Strip has so much more to offer but in a pinch, this place wasn't horrible.
4	love the locals discounts! Thursdays it's buy one get one free on well drinks with local ID
3	A solid 3. I wouldn't necessarily seek it out, but if I were staying at Treasure Island again, I would probably come back.Ordered some specific "beer-tails"...beers with other booze in them, and they made them well. It was happy hour, so all of the shots were doubles for the price of singles...cool.  We also got the tater tot nacho appetizer thingie and our friends got the pork slider app. We enjoyed both.I decided I wanted to...no, NEEDED to...ride the bull. So I bought my ticket at the bar ($5, reasonable) and a person promptly came over to operate it. I rode it the first time...for a SOLID 26 seconds. I thought I would be done, but the guy told me to go again (he probably just wanted a good laugh) so I did.....and I only made it 4 seconds that time. Then he told me to go AGAIN...but I was like, YEAH RIGHT BUDDY...I'm not here for your comic relief LOL. Cool place, giddy up.
4	Perfect place to people watch on the strip.  Best pulled pork sliders and chili cheese fries.  Great beer prices and pretty friendly staff.  Waitresses could use some fine tuning, but the bartenders were great when we sat at the bar.  I would definitely go back and hang out there.
4	Cheese tater tots were awesome!  Had it with the chicken fried steak and green beans, also yummy.  The BF had BBQ chicken, Mac n cheese and cole slaw.  Food was delivered quick, impressive considering we were at the bar and it was super busy. Thursday is $1 drink night for ladies. The waitress warned me the drinks were going to be smaller ... I think there was a 1-2oz difference between a normal size drink and the $1 portion, which was a-ok with me, can't beat $1 drinks!!  There were free line dancing lessons and live music.  Not a big country fan, but def appreciated the atmosphere. Well be back.
4	Great beer specials.
1	Worst service we've ever had. Aimee, our waitress, looked like she was on something. No interaction, no smiles and a bad attitude that will just make us never go back there again. It got us wondering if it was because we had a foreigner accent (maybe she shouldn't be working in Vegas if foreigners bother her) or because it was late at night and she was ready to go party. Horrible experience.
4	I dont have a big review here.  Stopped, had a beer and moved on.  If you are only drinking you have to sit at the bar.  No open window seating for us.
2	This is a mixed review.  We were a party of six and some of the food was good.  My wife had the pork chop (I tasted a bite) and it was really good, as was the mac and cheese.  I had the 1/2 rack of ribs that tasted like they were floating in liquid smoke ( I ate two small bites and couldn't stand any more of it.)  Also i had the cole slaw which was very bland.  The pinto beans was terrible.  I did try the green chile which was pretty good.Would I come back here to eat?  NO!
2	This is a mixed review. Only because i did like their 3 cheese mac and cheese and their creamed corn.  But my brisket tasted horrible,  took 2 bites too many. It tasted like they had squirted way too much fluid to light up their pit and the flavor impregnated into the brisket,  their baby back ribs were OK, Chili's Ribs are way better...  My husband was so excited to have some bbq, but was very disappointed. the host was a bit rude, and the waitress ignored us more than a few times when trying to get her attention after our 7 yr old spilled all his lemonade on the table. I would go back to have their sides and drinks, NEVER their brisket....
3	It's a large place, but a smaller eating area in front on the strip and a larger dance floor/stage, bar and mechanical bill area in the back.  Food was good, wings were spicy.  Had the family feast there.  Just a bit more than average price for the BBQ joint (LA wise).  Get the beer towers for $25!  Best value there.
1	My boyfriend and I stopped in here for dinner. First we went to the bar directly off of the casino, where we waited about 5 minutes and were not acknowledged once. We figured maybe we would have better luck getting a table. We stood in line at the hostess center, where there was one party of about 6 ahead of us. I'm not sure what was going on, there was a lot of back and forth between the party(who I don't think spoke great English) and the hostess, but we waited our turn for 5 minutes or so, while doing so the line behind us grew even longer of people waiting. At no point did the hostess even look up at any of use, and since the party of 6 was still in front of us, we waited. From the other door a couple walked up around the waiting party, and asked the hostess about seating, and she put them down!!! UMMM Excuse me??? You have a line of people waiting honey, why don't you try looking up! Needless to say we left, plenty of other choices in Vegas, although I think it's important to point out, we looked in the windows after leaving, and there were plenty of open tables. REALLY?
2	My husband stopped in to have a light meal before attending a show. Wait time for us was about 20 minutes. We ordered appetizers because we didn't want to be over-full during the show. When I ordered, our waitress all but huffed at us. She rarely stopped at our table to see if we needed anything even though she had to pass our table to get to the kitchen/bar area. I noticed a similar attitude displayed to her other customers. The other servers seemed friendlier to their customers. The busser seemed more concerned with our well being than our wait chick. We will not eat there again and do not recommend it.
3	Ride the Mechanical bull I dare you, I had a goodtime
2	I went to Gilleys last night. I have been wanting to go since they opened. I had the pulled pork dinner and it was horrible. The drinks they have are good. I had a razberry lemonade and it was so good, I wish they had it in a pitcher. The server sucked and needs training on customer service. I will not go back for the food, maybe a beer or water with lemon if I'm thirsty at TI.
4	It's not posh, but a lot of country fun. I'm not a big fan of country music, but my wife and I had a great time. We hadn't made up our minds as to where we'd eat dinner when we happened to wander by, and are glad we did.Entertainment: It was a Thursday, so ladies drink for a buck in the bar. There was line dancing, bull riding, and with the low cost of alcohol there were plenty of poor decisions to witness and enjoy. We got a lucky table between the mechanical bull and the dance floor, and it was non-stop entertainment. The sound levels were just about perfect, too--they made sure you could hear the music without trying to blow out eardrums in the process.Food: This surprised me a bit. We got a couple appetizers and split a BBQ combo. It was delightful, and we enjoyed the meal without feeling like we over ate yet again on the trip. The portion sizes were just right in my book.Atmosphere: Very laid back and casual. Wide range of ages, and not too many recycled prom dresses you generally see most nights out. It was comfortable, and we liked that.Service: Our waitress hustled. She had a lot of customers to serve, but we never felt like we were forgotten. Orders were filled quickly, even my soda cup (I'm not really a drinker) stayed topped off. I didn't need the somewhat sexy uniforms to make me enjoy the place, but most importantly they didn't detract from the service by feeling sleazy. That's a very difficult balance, and it was great to see how they pulled it off successfully. To some degree, showing the extra skin meant they weren't sweating so much as they hustled around the bar.My wife and I are certainly fans. Our total bill came up under $60. We'll be back on a future visit to Las Vegas.
2	It's ok inside.  Fried chicken was average and overpriced.Not sure why anyone would go here when there are other options near by...it's VEGAS!  Don't do a chain.  Do that in the Midwest.
3	We went on a Wednesday night to see mud wrestling. It was PACKED! If you want a front row seat (not really much seating) get there early.We were hoping locals or tourists could try it out so it would be more interesting but nope, it was totally staged. The only thing people could do was PAY to wipe off the girls when they finished.It was interesting to see and thankfully it was a free "show".thank goodness for all their drink deals!
3	Just in from a 7 hour ride and needed a cold one with a snack.  Saving room for a buffet later this evening.  Cold beer brought quickly followed by the standard hot wings and chicken strips.  No complaints!
1	I went to the bar last night (sat) and it took FOREVER to get my drink. I order a Long Island, when I got it the drink was CLEAR! I told the bartender "Ashely" that my drink wasn't right and she had the nerve to take a drink out of my drink and told me "it taste fine and I not making you a new one"! WTF don't ever go here!
2	My friends and I stopped in here for a quick afternoon bite before heading up to Fashion Show Mall. Myself and the friends I was traveling with have all worked in the restaurant industry for 5+ years and you really have to try to displease us. Our waitress was blatantly rude from the time she greeted us to the time she dropped off our checks without a word and ran away. When we asked for our checks to be split (before ordering, mind you) she literally rolled her eyes and walked away. I realize that catering to the Vegas crowd can be difficult at times, but having just a little respect for your customers would have been nice. 2 stars for the food. We ordered wings, the big pretzel, and the BBQ quesadilla off the app menu and none of them were worth remembering.
2	Waitress nice, bartender not so nice. I walked up to the bar to get my mother the wine list.  Before I even opened my mouth he looked at me and sighed.  Said that the waitress would be with us and that she is out there somewhere.  Both bartenders looked at me like I was from mars and shouldn't be in that bar.  Bad vibe.  Fun watching the old timers country dance though. Beer was on special 3.00 but got a small shot of fireball and paid 7.50 Ouch.
4	I keep hearing how vegan-friendly Vegas is becoming, but that just wasn't the case in my recent experience. Even The Wynn, most hyped of major, mainstream spots for being vegan-friendly (Mr. Wynn is vegan and reportedly Tal Ronnen, of the wonderful all vegan Crossroads Kitchen in LA, created vegan dishes for The Wynn's various eateries) was a total disappointment, with just one labeled item at the buffet (there were other items, but I needed a staffer to point them out and had to ask for specially prepared stuff --- in fact, first person I asked actually said "we have tons of vegan options like... this lettuce?"). Shockingly, Gilly's of all places was the best! They feature a vegan entree of gardein really nicely prepared with BBQ sauce and tons of perfectly cooked veggies, including absolutely perfect garlicky baby broccoli. Total surprise here. Thanks, Gilly's, for an excellent vegan meal!
1	If you are a country western dancer don't go here. Dance floor is horrible. Not slick at all and in order to dance at all I had to take off my boots plus drink prices are outrageous. Left and went to the Revolver....fantastic time.
3	Mixed feelings on this place.  Came on a Saturday night.  The greeter at the door was awesome!  The atmosphere, the DJ, and the crowd were all a lot of fun.  But I practically had to climb over the bar and serve myself.  A wait is to be expected in a crowd, but the place really wasn't that busy. And the all of the staff members behind the bar had their back to the patrons.  I don't mind waiting while they help the other customers, but I kind of take issue when they're not helping anyone.  That said, I will likely chalk it up to a one-off night, and give them another try when I am back in town.  Because, hey, where else can you do bull riding on the strip?!
3	Giddy Up!The have a mechanical  bull!   Wait...  They have a MECHANICAL BULL!   I really enjoy watching drunk people on mechanical bulls - you just cannot pay enough for this comedy.This a country bar / bbq place with limited seating (this particular evening).   They have a large dance floor where all the ladies get their line dancing in.    The wait staff wear bikinis and chaps - it is pretty hot (male perspective).The beer is cheap (about $3 / per domestic).   I enjoyed the evening but had to move on to the next stop.Give it a shot if you want cheap beer and get some line dancing in.   It is one stop of many on the strip :-)
1	Rude!! We didn't even eat here or sit down because the hostess yesterday was so rude! Get new staff or they will bring your entire company down.
4	We ate here for lunch and really enjoyed the burgers.  The waitress was friendly ands very helpful with picking drinks from cocktail menu.  Really good cocktails i mean really good recommend the pink lemonade! The burgers were very hearty and maybe a little too big for us Canadians but was good just remember to order well done or it'll be medium well.  Was very quiet at lunch but gets really busy in the eve.
1	Don't waste your time. If you're going to spend, spend your money on something worth eating!!!
2	We stopped in for a drink and something light to eat around noon on a Saturday. No drink menu, and the margarita tasted like Sprite. Best part was there was a pregnant waitress wearing the same bikini bottom/chaps/football official shirt as the rest of the waitresses. Surely they could give a pregnant woman something a little better to wear??It gets 2 stars though because the pork green chili was pretty darn good. Totally unexpected after the rest of it. Just enough kick without being overpowering, and good flavor.
5	We were staying at Treasure Island so this was a great meeting place for the group we were with.  The nachos were good.  But I really recommend the fried chicken with mac and cheese and green bean casserole.  FANTASTIC!!  prob the best mac and cheese I have had,  bucket of beers are a good deal too!  My friend had the cole slaw which was one of the best slaws I've had in a restaurant
2	Yuck.    I had the fried Chicken and she had nachos.  Don't do it. Just go to the bar not the food.  How this place got a primo spot on the strip is beyond me. The servers wear skimpy outfits that's very revealing.  That was nice. One server was so sexy I forgot the good sucked.
4	A massive restaurant and bar as big as Texas.I sat at the long bar and was very well attended to throughout my dinner. The bartenders care and are eager to serve food at the dining area bar.The main bar area is big enough to host a small concert. The food was great.  Hot smokey and flavorful. Lots of sides to choose from. I had the brisket and loved it. Better than expected for a mega facility. Great barbecue in the heart of......Vegas?Yup
1	Now I would have given no stars if they gave the option. Now where do I start... I had my bachelorette party here and it was by far the worst place I have ever made reservatins with. Thier Mgr, Robin, Took $250 to book private VIP service for my party. We arrived and we were told by security that they had no reservation for us. Needess to say, ms. Robin was off and failed to tell anyone about our reservation. I spoke to the mgr on duty and after having to yell at the guy, we were taken all the way to a back corner where he had towipe dirty tables just so we could have a place to sit(we were promised up front by the dance floor) Then it takes 30 mins to get our designated server and she complained about having to serve us the entire time. To end the night, a stupid female security offcer kept yelling at us to "Get the F out or she would hurt people" 30 minutes before closing. Of course they were ok with adding over $100 gratuity for themselves. After our horrible night, we called that robin chick and she made promises to us she still hasnt followed through.... So if your planning a special event at this location, DONT!!! Don't let them ruin it as nobody in that building gives a crap about you or your money!
2	I got the country fried steak and it was good but later walking the strip my stomach felt off like the food was too heavy (grease).  The mac and cheese was good but overall I feel like this place was just decent.  Our server was nice but this isn't a spot you HAVE to come to in Vegas.
4	Second stop on our staycation/birthday celebration it was great live band on a Saturday night high energy and mechanical bull I forced my son to ride drunk it was great he rode it twice definatly will go back
2	Not a ton to report from here. It's a pretty typical vegas bar. Mechanical bull, girls in skimpy clothes, yada yada. Beer selection was ok. Being very misleading on the happy hour sign was not. The sign says there are specials on all draft beers during happy hour, but apparently they define All as only being bud light, michelob ultra, and some other meh beer.That leaves the roughly 6 other draft beers (where all the craft beer is hiding) to be left out of the special. It also leaves me with an incorrect definition of the word All. oh, they also don't tell you all the beers you were expecting to be on special aren't actually on special until you attempt to order one and verify that it's on special. If you don't verify, you just order a $7 beer that you'll be surprised to find is $7 later.
5	Okay, this review is for the bar only, we did not eat at the restaurant.One of my favorite movies ever is Urban Cowboy, so I HAD to visit Gilley's while visiting Vegas!We came in around 5pm, through the restaurant. We weren't hungry, I just wanted to check it out and maybe have a drink. It wasn't super busy, the bar was full but there were tables all around and an area that was roped off. We took next to the dance floor and ordered a beer to enjoy while we watched the scenery. I was excited just being there. Seeing the stage, mechanical bull, taking it all in.After a bit no tables opened up so my husband went to ask if we could get a stool and sit where we were. A nice guy went to check on that, came back and said there were none left. We asked if we could sit in the roped off area and he said yes, but that we would not have a great seat for the show. Wait, what show? We had no idea there would be a show, we just came in on impulse. He said that at 7pm Uncle Cracker would perform! It was already 6ish so we decided to stay. Finally 2 seats opened up at the bar so we grabbed them. Great view of the stage and the TV that showed a close up, right behind us. The bar started filling up quickly.  The show moved to 8pm but we did not care we watched the dancing in the dance area, made some new friends and had a blast! Time flew, Uncle Cracker came out and did a great show! I cannot believe we got a free show. Yes we paid for our drinks, but we got there so early there was no cover charge, and we had an blast!Drinks are the same as everywhere else. Expensive. But knowing that, you won't be disappointed. We had a great time here. We had no idea they have shows every week! The week before had been Gretchen Wilson.If you like laid-back places to hang out, come have fun. You can even get line dancing lessons. They didn't have the mechanical bull going while we were there, but it was still fun.
1	We were desperate so we stopped at Gilley's without looking reviews. There were 8 of us so we all got a little bit off the menu. Everyone pretty much hated what they ordered. My burger was had absolutely no taste to it. We all ate our food because we needed something to soak up the alcohol not because we actually liked the food. I expected more from a restaurant in Las Vegas.
1	Avoid - General Manager and Hostess RudeA group of 4 tried to get a table at this place on Sunday (Nov.17th) and both the hostess and general manager were rude and did not want our business.  Yes, this is Vegas and I'm pretty sure they get some "weird" folks coming in (but we were two older couples not impaired).  Yet we walked in interested in getting lunch and watch a game.  Hostess, had no clue on open tables, we asked for a table inside so that we can watch some football games.  Plenty of open tables but since we were 4 they could not seat us in an empty table for 6.  General manager shows up and says "you have to wait" because there are no tables open.  We walked around and saw one table getting cleaned and asked if we could have that one.  Answer by both was "no you take the outside table or no table".  Even after we pointed to open tables both GM and Hostess kept telling us that we had to wait or take the table outside.  We decided to leave.I'm pretty sure that a table of 4 generating revenue is better than an empty table for 6.  Also, GM and Hostess you are in the service industry.  Yes, that means that you service people like us that want to spend money.  If you are having a bad day or think we are demanding than maybe you need to find a different job.Avoid this place because there is no way I would recommend this to any of my friends or anyone that asks me about Vegas.GM and Hostess you lost on revenue because you could not take a deep breath, look around to make a potential customer happy.
1	Yeeeeehawww, well the wait was not worth the food.  Sorry Gilley's
3	Normally nature dictates that bulls mount heffers but come on down to Gilly's on Sunday nights for their bikini bull riding contest and you can lay witness to a cringeworthy role reversal.  I don't know off-hand what the "winner" gets paid, but let's just say self-respect is going for pennies on the dollar.This isn't to say you won't be entertained, especially if your daily vocabulary includes words like, "trainwreck" and "shitshow" or if you find it impossible not to stare when your visit to Baskin Robbins happens to coincide with a special ed group outing.  Rather, this is to set the expectation that you won't see shapely bikini models flashing their lady bits as they gyrate their way into your spank bank.  Instead, prepare to watch corn-fed big'uns getting tossed around like sacks of potatoes.  If that's your thing, welcome to hog heaven.---Cliff Notes Version: It must be jelly, 'cause jam don't shake like that.
2	Terrible service and pretty typical bar food. I walked in around dinner time and sat at the bar. It took about 5 minutes before I was acknowledged and it was by a cranky bartender. Obviously she was having a bad day. The menu was pretty limited. Overall, is a bar with only bar food... not much more.
4	This place has some amazing BBQ. My husband and I both loved it and would go back for more.
1	I have to say that this is the worst restaurant in Las Vegas which is saying something.  There was 6 of us and we all ordered off the dinner menu.  We even complained and the management only offered to give us something else.  What part of "non-edible" didn't the manager understand.  The inability to finish our meals wasn't the last of it.  It was the revenge of Gilley's later that evening and into the next morning.  Some of us had Imodium to help others of us toughed it out.  If you are going to take your chances, don't get anything fried.  All of us who ordered the Country Fried Chicken and Southern Fried Catfish suffered the most.  But hey, it's Las Vegas so maybe take your chances.  You might have better luck.
3	We only ate here because it was the more appealing of two choices we had as part of our Mystere dinner package. Senor Frog's was sadly closed. Despire that fact, we were pleasantly surprised with the food. The beef my friend and I shared and the pork my other friend had was very tender and flavorful. The cheesy tots and fries were also good. The chicken was bland though and the mac and cheese tasted like it came from a box. I think we got our money's worth since it was part of a package.
3	This review is just for the bar/dancing area. Haven't had dinner or anything over there yet.Pros:If you go early-ish (before 7:30/8) it is fairly easy to get a table, especially earlier in the week. Waitresses are also fairly attentive, again, the earlier in the week the better.No cover! I hate hate hate paying covers. They also have pretty good drink specialsI have never been on the floor when it was too crowded to dance. Have certainly come across your typical drunk chick doesn't know what she is doing type dancers, but overall there is room to get away from those people and not be squished against the person next to you.If you get a table next to the bull, you not only have easy access to the dance floor, but great people (on bull) watching as the night progresses.Dance lessons M-F at 7pm. Music is a reasonable, can carry on a conversation at your table, volumeCons:Can be loaded with tourists, which can make you feel like an animal being watched in a zoo while dancing...maybe that is just an issue for me thoughEveryone (tourists, regulars, waitresses, etc.) will walk straight across the dance floor, which is generally know to be fairly bad etiquette. When the floor is empty, it isn't the biggest deal but I have turned during a dance and nearly taken out a bus boy walking right through a line of dancers. Floor is so-so, fairly sticky as far as dance floors go.Overall, I like Gilley's. The older I get, the more I appreciate the more laid back, not as loud, not charging you for everything under the sun, not being slammed into by barely conscious club girls vibe that is getting more and more difficult to find out here. Keep in mind that kids are allowed here until 10pm, which may bug people, but there have never been that many kids there. I think the general family friendliness is part of what keeps the "club" crowd away, so I'll take it.
3	I enjoyed the experience very much.The mechanical bull was fun to watch people fall off.The food was good for a BBQ and reasonable priced.If you like BBQ and enjoy western theme stop by
1	Horrible! Sunday playoffs and not enough servers?!?!? Wtf! Yes I said it ! 2nd bar area could not be open because not enough employees ?!?! Wow is this a franchise or corp. ? Owners get new management or more help! I am with a party of 16 and no attempt to even try to accommodate us?!?! Wow! I asked if we could just stand at the tables in second bar , and we would use the bar for service . But Jamie said NO! So instead we are left standing or sitting on the dance floor to watch the big screen .We are football fans/ drinkers! Jamie was of no help either! She's rude and useless when it comes to customer service! We are very disappointed with staff and overall experience.
1	This review is only for the bar that's located in the restaurant side. Our bartender, David, was rude, looked bored, and didn't want to be bothered by people looking for drinks and food. He honestly looked like he hated his job (and life). I can deal with shitty food, but shitty service pisses me off. Apparently Gilley's is where washed up bartenders go to die.
4	Sure as shit wasn't expecting to see THEE Mickey Gilley here. Just like I never expect to see Ronald McDonald, Colonel Sanders, or Popeye at their joints.As soon as we walked in, I thought we accidently crashed a Geriatric Ho Down. The place was bouncing with Silver Foxes getting down on the dance floor. Well damn howdy, of course they were; the live music was performed by Mr. Gilley, himself!We basically stopped in here to get our Urban Cowboy on with the mechanical bull, but it wasn't getting any action while Gilley was on stage. So, if you come here to get your ride on, you may not be allowed to if live music and dancing is happening. Would love to go back some day and get bucked off that bull.
4	Atmosphere is great, price is very do-able! Great place to start the night! Portions are very large, sharing is an option.
3	The whiskey highball was great. I ordered the short rib with beans and grits. The BBQ sauce on the short rib was tasty but there was not as much of it as I'd like. The grits had a nice flavor overall, but the beans were a bit lacking. We also ordered the half chicken which was delicious.
4	Last time I visited Gilley's I came to eat in the restaurant, this time I came to hang out in the other half of the building with the live music, dance floor and mechanical bull. I'm not shy about being a country music lover and as far as nightlife goes, this is definitely the place for me. It's not too crowded, there are actually plenty of seats and the dress code (if there even is one) is more boots and flannel than high heels and dresses. On Friday night, there was live music, which was nice. The singer covered many popular country songs, from the classics (Johnny Cash) to modern country (Jason Aldean) and fast-paced dance tunes to slow songs. But when the singer took a break and the recorded songs came on, I found it odd that non-country songs were mixed in. This is a country bar after all and I came to listen to country music.
5	Gilley's located in Treasure Island is my go to for a country bar in Vegas. It's conveniently located in the heart of the Strip and typically doesn't have a cover till after 10pm. Gilley's has a restaurant where I've eaten one time several years ago. It's BBQ which is pretty standard for a country bar and the food is good for the price. I had the country fried steak for $17 which came with 2 sides and corn bread. My favorite part about Gilley's isn't the food though... it's the bar. Typically before 10pm there is no cover, and after 10pm the cover is $10 which is pretty cheap by Vegas standards. Get geared up in your cowboy and cowgirl attire and walk on in as there's usually no line. The first thing you'll notice as you walk into the bar is the huge dance floor. Whether you're into swing dancing, 2 step or line dancing, you'll get your fix. The music is almost always country (though some line dance songs aren't country) and sometimes they have excellent musicians that'll play anything you request. If you look past the dance floor, you can't miss the mechanical bull. It's not a rare thing to see girls in bikinis climb on up and go for their 8 second ride. There are contests Thursday's for the guys and Sunday's for the ladies (in bikinis). I believe the payout depends on the amount of contestants and the rides usually cost $10. The actual bar in this place is very long and there's never too much of a wait to order a drink. The one issue you'll find is there may be standing room only if you're looking for a table. The waitresses are showing off their bodies in bikinis and chaps and aren't afraid to hit the dance floor to dance with customers. Gilley's is a great place to go if you're looking for a bit of country in the heart of the Strip at reasonable prices and great music.
2	This was (and will probably still be) my goto bar in Vegas because I love country, am country, and love dancing without it being a sweaty glitzy expensive Vegas scene. However, they started charging more and more cover- 10 bucks is ridiculous for a mediocre Vegas bar. The band was also meh- not necessarily danceable country (who hollers "any George Straight fans!!" Then plays "the Chair"?!? Wtf?) and overly pleased with themselves- if people didn't immediately cheer after a song they would remind us (um, you're a bar band here for my dancing enjoyment, I didn't come to your concert nameless egotistical dude)... Beer selection was ok and the price was fine- $10 with tip for an amber ale draft. But I hated to order much after the stupid cover charge. Pros- beer was an ok selection, not just BL and CL. Dancing is ALWAYS a good time!! Okay, I'm sounding bitter and I apologize... But I miss my crappy divey cheap Gilley's!
3	Country western bar with very attractive servers.  Always enjoy some time here when I am in Vegas.  However the food is not great.  I am from the south and the pulled pork BBQ is a joke here.  The bar area however is fun.  Good beer selection and a great atmosphere.  Sometimes you can people watch and see them ride the mechanical bull.If you don't like country western though, you may want to avoid.  Also, not much sitting space so you may be standing if it's busy.
4	I'm not a BBQ aficionado, but Gilley's has the best pulled pork sandwich I have tasted.  I almost ordered another.  Only bummer to the evening was I bought 2 beers for $11 and bar person neglected to let me know there a special for a bucket for $15.  But service was good.
4	Yeehaw buckaroo!  This is the best country bar on the strip.  Our friends and I always always have to make a stop here on a Saturday before we head out late at night.  They have decent drink specials and great live country music with a huge dance floor.  This is your typical over-the-top country bar.  It has live country music, mechanical bull riding, and ass-less chaps on the bar girls.  The service was great and the atmosphere is electrifying.  There are always people on the dance floor either doing some line dancing or some other crazy honky dancing. :) The wait staff was friendly but the last couple times I have been in there the waitresses have to been getting older and less attractive.  Nothing appealing about seeing a 40-year-old women in ass-less chaps.  Other than that you're going to have a great time here.
2	My friend and I came into Gilley's because we are both small town girls living in Vegas. We loved the venue and the atmosphere (the reason we are giving 2 stars). We are both servers in town and I have never had such horrible service. Out servers name was Tiffany and she took 10 minutes to come greet us, another 15 to put in our food order. Our food came out in a timely manner but our sever never came and asked how anything was, forgetting our pretzel, and was no where to be seen until we were empty on beer and our plates were pushed all the way to the side. We both will be back for the atmosphere and small town feel but probably won't be dining.
2	Ribs were very dry and overlooked not fall of the bone. Appetizer was decent. Drinks were decent. I wouldn't recommend coming here unless you're here to dance an drink and hear drunk guys yell at their favorite sports team.
5	Great place on the strip in treasure island to listen to live country music. They have a dance floor in the middle of the room for like dancing and free dancing. They she a mechanical bull which is very popular. Lots of boobies bouncing all over. They are pretty good about getting the giggling to go with the beats of the music. I wish this place had some more tables but most of them time when I go I can sneak a small table to sit at and watch people.
3	Very fun for the first time, however its very popular and can get extremely busy. We had to wait awhile till we found a place to sit to eat and have drinks. Overall though very fun place with great food!!!
1	Brought out of town guests here for dinner after reading Yelp reviews...Big mistake. Food was terrible. Baby back ribs were not cooked enough and had funny taste. The con bread and fries were cold. Mac and cheese had no seasoning and hard sticky cheese. The brisket sandwich had little meat. The meat was full of fat. The fries were cold. The table was not set, nobody had a knife. I had to steal knives from another table since our server went MIA. Being a local, many better places to eat.
3	I really would love to give this place another star because this place is actually a really good BBQ place! However, like most of my reviews service goes a long way with me. I arrived at 930 and the bar was slowly filling up with people but my friend and I went to the restaurant. 10min wait, ok no problem. The host didn't smile once. We waited and the table we were sat at was messy. There were fries and crumbs on our chairs. The A1 bottle was filthy. Our waitress was unpleasant and seemed pissed that my guest and I did not order any alcohol. That was when she began to rush us. Stood at the table while we had to rush to decide what we wanted.Food came out and it was delicious! (which is why there are 3 stars) I had the pork sandwich and my friend had fried chicken with Mac and cheese. My plate was full of fries so come hungry! We were having a good conversation and we hadn't finished our meal but were slowing down and the waitress dropped the check. Didn't ask us if we wanted desert or anything. Came back and stared at us until we paid. But we wanted desert! The bread pudding was the most amazing thing ever! It was soooo good. Best thing on the menuWaitress again dropped the check. This time we got the hint that she obviously didn't want us there. So we paid and left. I live in Vegas so I'd like to say id go back. Probably to the salon part. Seemed a lot friendlier in there.
4	Outrageous baby backs!  Atmosphere, service, drinks, pricing; all rated top shelf.  Forgot ribs could be this good (tough to find in Wash state).  My sides were also delicious, had the green bean casserole and the tater puffs.  Only down side for the meal was my wife's sides were mediocre--she had the pulled pork and bbq beans (bombdiggety), but the mac/cheese and corn muffins were a tad below okay.  Highly recommend!
1	The waitress was very rude. We were a party of seven, and asked them if they would sing happy birthday. She very rudely told me, they don't do that. Then they wouldn't let us eat our birthday cake there. The party was over, and so is our plans to ever return.
5	Went on a Thursday night for free line dancing & ladies night $1.00 drink specials. Place was very busy with all sorts of people. They also served food but I didn't order any. They have the cutest bull to ride but charge you $10.00 to get on it. They need to have more wait staff & bartenders on when it's busy, no one likes to wait to order drinks. Great location inside TI you would never know you were inside a hotel. I'm not a country fan but went for my friend who was in town visiting & had a blast!
1	We wanted to come here with a group and they were far less than accommodating. They claimed our wait time to be 20 minutes and we waited for over an hour. They refused to join tables and spoke to us like we were an inconvenience. Very disappointed with this place.
5	This place is great!  It's a lot of fun and the bartender was great!  He was very attentive.  Our food came out fast.  I ordered a burger which was fantastic!
1	Slow service and mediocre food.  Pretty much sums that up.  We went on a thursday night and waited about 15 minutes for a table,  Noticed when we sat down there were lots of open tables so apparently they are short on staff.  An assistant to the server got us drinks right away but then it took another 10 minutes for our server to show up.  We both ordered a half rack of ribs which were touted to fall off the bone.  You have your choice of sides and we both got the slaw and I had grits, hubby had fries.  Both meals came with a tiny and I do mean tiny corn bread muffin.  With BBQ it's all done, all they have to do is serve it.  Took almost  25 minutes and finally the server went and found our meal rather than wait for the folks who were doing the actual serving.  The ribs were barely warm, hard as a rock and the meat did certainly not fall off the bone.  The slaw had no flavor and neither of us ate much of it.  My grits tasted good but were the consistency of wallpaper paste.  Hubbys fries were cold when they arrived.  All in all, a very unsatisfactory meal and I don't recommend this pace to anyone.
4	The atmosphere was fun - good ol' country bar.  The food was above average and had good flavor.  I would go back.  We ate at the bar - The one caution is to check your bar tab.  Maybe they were honest mistakes but at least three different people's tabs had extra drinks on them.  The bartender, when questioned, immediately she corrected the checks - just seemed too coincidental to me.  Our bill was one of them and had an extra beer on the tab.  Just double check!
3	If you're a local you must come down on Mondays to get your $1 drafts or BOGO drinks! All you have to do is show your local ID to the bartender to get hooked up. We came late on a Monday so it wasn't very packed and there was really no dancing going on, just a DJ playing various types of country music. We loved the saddle seats at the bar and just chilled there. My only complaint is that this place closes way too early (2 am) and they started kicking us out around 1:30! At least let us finish our drinks because we just got here! Definitely stop by before 1 am otherwise you won't be there long before getting the boot.
2	Gilley's is kinda weird.  We ordered Nachos and Soup to split.  The soup average at best and would have been better except for the dried meat chunks.  But it was hot and that's more than we could say for the Nachos.  My first bite had sour cream and I thought that's what was cold but my wife Hates sour cream and she said the same thing, avoiding it of course.  I stuck my finger straight into the center and sure enough, cold to the center.  I wish I had taken a picture.  The shredded cheese on top hadn't even melted.  They were kind enough to remove it from the bill but after acting like they might not at first.  I don't trust a kitchen to fix me more after something like that.  The weird part didn't bother me as much but my wife felt strange walking in because they have a sign having you follow the footsteps and it leads you through the dancing and party area.  You can tell lots of add-on construction has been done over the years.  Might be time for a total redo.
4	My daughter and I found ourselves on the strip with all the buffets closed (who knew they ever close?) So I had been to Gilly's the nightclub before and remember that delicious smell of cooking meat, so we decided to check it out. We were seated right away, got a table outside right next to the strip side walk had a great view. we ordered  appetizers,virgin Margaritas (I don't Drink), and two full dinners (Chicken fried steak and Flat Iron Steak. The meat was divine, it melted in your mouth (I am drooling just thinking about it.) The side items how ever left a little to be desired. We had hush puppies and onion rigs and something called cheddar chipotle tots.  DRY and bland. The mash potatos on the other hand delish! All together we spent $80.00 not incuding tip. I would have like to see a salad or something that came free to the table like bread, for the money. However the portions are big and the main parts of our food were so tasty. Plus the staff was very friendly So 4 stars for Gilly's BBQ!
1	My husband and I showed up for an early dinner late lunch.  Prices seemed reasonable & there wasn't but a few other people in the restaurant. We order our meals: 1/2 a rack of Baby back ribs with fries and "fresh steamed" vegetables for him, and the Gilley's chopped salad with chicken for me. My husband also orders a beer. The waitress brings the beer after 3 or so minutes, he asks for a glass and she just leaves. A few minutes later she comes with the glass almost pissed he asked for it!  When our meals come out, his 1/2 rack are dry & looks like it came from a pot bellied pig, his fries are COLD and his vegetables are soggy. My salad is drenched in dressing, lettuce is soggy, chicken is dry and it's just a mess.  To top all of this off, our waitress continued to be very curt and short with us and our bill was $45! We just paid our bill and got the hell outta there. This town is too big with too many other restaurants with people who enjoy their jobs.  Kinda sad, we were hopeful for this place.
2	Disappointed. Had the baby back ribs and they were overcooked and didn't have much flavor. For $25 I expected better. Mash potatoes were good. The food was picked up for me so I can't comment on the atmosphere of the restaurant.
3	After walking the strip all day, us 4 ladies were hungry and wanted some drinks. Being that Treasure Island was our last stop before heading back to our rooms we decided to eat at Gilley's thought it'd be cool since it was right there, they said it'd be a 15 min wait, ended up being a literal 2 minute wait. Had a western atmosphere, the waitress dressed as cowgirls and the neon texas signs and the furnishings gave it that old meets new western feel. Food was okay, I mean I've had better. We ended up getting the Viva Las Lemonade (I believe thats what it was called) in the big boot cup, let me tell you...it was good. Drank it down like it was nothing. Lots of pomegranate seeds(?) in it and a bit pricey but it was good. I wouldn't recommend it, seemed more like a place for guys night out (sort of like a hooters) but hey we were hungry and too tired to walk anywhere else. But we did get a good window table a nice view of the strip. I don't really remember how much our bill came up to be but I think it was like $15 per person of some sort. Would I recommend it for the food? No. But I would recommend going just for the drinks, some wild drinks and the boot cup to remember them by.
4	County bar Vegas style!! The waitress we had was not only awesome she was do pretty. They had a live band too. If you like to line dance this is the lace for you. They have a nice size dance floor. You can also get food up till about 10 during the week, not sure about the weekends. We had a blast even though we don't line dance.
5	Excellent food and service.  We had buffalo wings, pulled pork and brisket.  Also the sauvignon blanc is delicious.  Perfect location on strip w nice views and people watching as well. Would definitely go back and encourage everyone to try it.
4	Fun place.  Best green chili  ever.  And lo carb options so that is nice.  Friendly, accommodating staff.  Great setting.  Wish they did lunch seating outside because it was cold.  But otherwise awesome!  Oh and the friend chicken and corn bread were great according to my friend.  Enjoy!
2	Not bad but for sure it is over rated. I hated hearing hip-hop music in what I thought was a county bar. We actually went there twice during our stay in Vegas and overall it was a average bar. There are bars here in Arizona where the girls wear the same skimpy outfits, and drunk girls get on mechanical bulls. When a girl that goes by the man "cougar" wins the bikini bull riding contest you know there is something wrong. I love cougars.....hell I love them all, but it's Vegas and that was the best they pulled in that night. Also every time any song came on a few people, who I am sure were paid to be there, began the SAME choreographed dance. They took up half of the dance floor, if not all of it, to attempt to line dance to non country songs. It was annoying to say the least.
1	Worst service I have ever had went to manger and he acted like it was no big deal . won't be back
1	I called Gilly's prior to coming to double check on age restrictions and I was assured that as long as my 18 year old niece did not sit at the bar she would be fine. So we go and we are not even there 10 mins and they kicked us out! So even if you call and try to do your research staff members give out incorrect info. This was her last night in Vegas and let's just say I am not happy with how the situation unfolded tonight.
1	Really cold food and over price for the crapy food they serve.
1	I would never go again. Food was cold and not fresh. I had to send back my fries because they were cold. Service was mediocre. Although the vibe was pretty cool. You would get a better meal at Denny's.
2	Came here for lunch today as we were too lazy to walk in the blistering heat. While it is a cool spot on the Strip to people watch, the  service was lacking. The food took forever to come out, and that was with us ordering the easy dishes of salad and wraps. While waiting for our food, I overheard that our waitress has gotten the orders wrong for two tables around us, so I was crossing my fingers it wouldn't happen to us, but  Lord and behold, she got my order wrong! Another 15 minutes wait for my side order to be corrected. That girl needs some serious training.One star for the location. One star for the yummy catfish salad.
3	Great staff and very good barbecue. I wasn't hugely impressed with my drink. We ate dinner there and later came back to the bar for the bikini bull riding contest, which was a lot of fun (but we had two friends in the contest so that probably made it more fun than it would have been otherwise). Nice, low key atmosphere with people line dancing when the bull riding wasn't happening. Deejay wasted a bit too much time trying to convince girls in the audience to enter the contest. Drinks were good but nothing special. Eye candy was excellent, even for us girls, who were happy watching the (gorgeous) cowboy-hatted mechanical bull operator. The bull is cute, too, operated in such a way that it seems to have personality.
5	this place is great!!!  my buddies and i were in vegas for 4 days and we were staying at treasure island and let me just say make sure you go here on sunday...  bikini rodeo....thats all i have to say!!!they also have line dancing and the atmosphere is great!!i would give this place 10 * * * * * * stars if i could
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!! Best down home, laid back place to hang out. We didnt eat here, just drank, and hung out several times during our recent trip to Vegas. We saw Jamie Lynn Spears perform one night- she was great, sweet, and down to earth. Sam Riddle was there another night. He was a panic. Great musician, and funny as well. Love watching the line dancing and the various bullriding contests. Bikini bull riding on Sunday nights was fun, toughest cowboy on Tuesdays was great... overall tons of fun. Great Country place. Sexy cowboys and girls everywhere. Waitresses run around in bikinis and chaps. Always a good time.
1	We took our family to Gilley's  In treasure Island and had one of the worst dinning experiences I've ever had.  Besides Very slow service (and they were not busy, 2 tables in the bar section we were at)   Never received water we asked for, Didn't get what we ordered and it took an honest 40 minutes to get our final check.  We finally had to get the manager involved just to pay and leave!
1	Horrible food! Horrible service! Bleh bleh.... Yuck! Hush puppies were like biting into a dry crumbling ball of flour mixed with cardboard. Buffalo chicken sandwich was like a frozen, flat, Tyson breaded chicken, on a stale bun. Served by a waitress who never offered drink refills, though we ordered $10 drinks, offered me a box for my uneaten meal and didn't bother to ask why I hadn't touched it.
5	Fast service. Food here out did my expectations. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich, side salad, and soft pretzel appetizer. Everything was soooo good. Probably the best pulled pork i've ever had.
3	Wanted to line dance for different experience in Vegas and we loved it! Floor is nice and big and the band was great! Only complaint is the place wasn't busy and they could have had more line dances to get people on the floor. I would advertise this place more too! Country is taking over and we should pack this place ! $10 cover is bit much to ask when we peaked inside and nobody was in there at 11pm. I would do promos, free drink ticket, etc to draw a crowd during the slow time.
5	Held a wedding reception for 50 guests here on 5/6/2014. We dealt with Robyn. The service, food, drinks, cake, music, atmosphere were all perfect and reasonable! I can not say enough good things about what a terrific job Robyn and the Gilley's staff did from building a custom menu and package to cake testing to responding to questions and special requests- including suggesting ideas that we had not thought of and throwing in additional perks for free- up to fantastic food and service on the day of the event. All of our guests left amazed at the quality of the food and service. Gilley's made our reception absolutely perfect.
3	Food was ok, and service was ok. Good lunch special if you are looking for something filling but not too expensive. It is very hard to find a place to eat on the strip in vegas that wasn't too expensive and underfilling.
3	We had lunch here last weekend and the service was slow but we loved the food! We tried the pretzel as an appetizer which came out with two sauces. We also ordered the fried chicken and brisket and they were both very good!
5	FALL OFF THE BONE RIBS.Amazing brisket.Hot staff. Great price on drinks.What's not to like, people?
3	Ribs we're fall off the bone yummy! My steamed veggies were cold which is a turn off. Service was good and food came quickly. Next time I'll get the fries instead.
3	I was only here briefly on Saturday night for a "Hen's Night" (bachelorette party), but Gilley's is a cute place.I used to frequent Country Bars when I was REALLY young for line dancing.  My tastes have evolved a bit, and its not really my thing anymore...and I was completely unprepared when I walked in.There is a HUGE dance floor with people line dancing, and a mechanical bull on the other side from the entrance. The seats at the bar are saddles, which I think is an adorable touch.  Service was nice.  The bartender was very cool and friendly.    Prices were standard for the Strip...expensive for me, but I don't go to the Strip really often...I spent $15 on two shots of rum, which is a bit much for me, but if we're being realistic, that's pretty standard pricing for drinks downtown. I can't say that I'll be back again, since its not really my thing, but I would certainly recommend it to anyone looking for a fun time at a downtown country bar.
1	Nobody to greet for 5 minutes, then told to wait fifteen minutes and the place hardly had anybody in it. For a place on the strip in Vegas attentiveness should be first. Finally seated and waited another ten minutes just for a couple ice teas while looking around the empty place and the manager and wait staff chatting with the bartender, who was busier than any food servers. Lame, finally got asked to place an order and we asked for the check, the BS'ing cowboy at least covered the soft drinks and we were GONE. Hoping it was just an off day, the food looked great, but we will NEVER know.
1	no servers inside.  no one checked to see if we even wanted a drink.  left to try something else.  530pm
3	We came here without making any reservations and had to wait 15 mins for a table. Strange thing was when we were seated, we saw so many empty tables which made us wonder why we had to wait so long...Then came the ordering - we had to waive them over as it took them a long time to take our order and once they did, we probably waiter another 40 mins for our food to arrive. The food was so so. I got the baby back ribs which were decent but the cream corn was too spicey (peppery) for my liking. Portions were HUGE so half rack did it for me.Slow service and decent food.
5	After suffering through two meals at other strip restaurants we stopped by for lunch to watch the NCLS game. Once seated, the game was on only one of their twenty televisions. We quickly requested the game to be turned on at the closest television. Next thing we see is all the TV's tuned into the game. Then the food arrived, oh what a great surprise, huge side salad, scrumptious burger and the kids enjoyed the macaroni and grilled cheese, which they are fine dining experts on the subject. All in all, great food, great staff  refreshing surprise from the others places.
2	My GF and I decided to eat here we hadn't had much to eat all day and by this time it was pretty close to 5pm.  I ordered the ribs and my GF ordered the Chicken Fried Steak.  The ribs were not that good, they seems a bit dry and tough on the top part of the rib almost like it had sat under a heat lamp for a while.  I wouldn't order those again.  I had a bit of the CFS and it was ok nothing special.  Overall I wouldn't go back for the food, the service was ok.  The only really nice thing was the view of the strip and people watching.
2	I like the atmosphere, but food was just okay. We had a view of the strip as we ate, which I loved. I really wish the food was just as great. Is wasn't bad, but just okay. I don't know if I would eat here again.
3	On 10/29/14 I visited Gilley's located within Treasure Island Hotel and Casino.  It was Karaoke night.  What fun and the place made me laugh.  I did not eat BBQ, but I watched as people sang their hearts out.  Many were awful, but one or two had talent!  There was not many on the dance floor this evening.  The DJ was good.
3	Not bad! Stopped in for lunch on Saturday afternoon for some BBQ. The meat was really tender and well cooked (had the brisket and pulled pork - if you're debating, the pulled pork is better!). Service was slow and for BBQ, it lacked options to make it spicy or interesting. Only a few sauces to choose from, and the Jack Daniels sauce isn't anything like the TGIFridays BBQ sauce - this one lacked interest or robust flavor. it was pretty quiet in there for a Saturday during college football season.  Not a bad choice on the strip tho!
3	Hit - mac and cheese, fries and tots smothered in chiliMiss - pretty much everything elseThe food didn't blow me away, service was a bit spotty throughout the service... but perhaps the most blah thing about the visit was the credit card machine was down and we were informed about that right when our check came out. Luckily, one person in our group had enough to cover our bill but this was rather annoying to deal with.
1	food sucks. tastes processed. cooked two days ago. vegetarian chili tasted okay. living off name and location. mostly deep-fried food. Cornbread from the day old store.
2	Server and service were good, but the food sucked bad. Hush puppies were rock hard and dry and tasted a few days old. Ribs seemed like they may have come from a microwavable frozen entree. Pulled pork and mac and cheese were edible, but not good (think cafeteria or cheap buffet quality). No need to ever come here with so many other options available close by.
1	My friend and I were treated with total disrespect by a blonde bartender. Will never be back due to her lack of customer service.
1	I would give this place zero starts if I could. Bartenders are assholes. What's it about the local shit? Please that's bs!!!
1	Will never go back again. Absolute worse service I've ever experienced!
2	Dear Mr. Gilley, I'm a huge fan and have always loved your music. But ....Your "Gilley Girls" are offering horrible customer service and offending your patrons. We were snapped at a few times with rude remarks and sarcasm by one of your waitresses, unwilling to help us order food with a "F**k you attitude", particularly one of the shorter girls. We did not deserve this, we were there to have a good time.The bands are great, the dj plays the right line dances, the presenter is awesome, the bouncers are cool and your bartenders rock.  The Green Pork Chili with tortillas was delicious. I'm hoping your management team takes action. Sometimes it's good to remind employees who really pays their wages.Thank you.
5	The best country bar in town. If you're a local and enjoy country music, this is the place to be on Monday nights.$1 beers and the bartenders are the best in town. Always take care of their regulars and locals. The bull operators are fun to be around and leave you with a fun experience. The music is much better here than at stoneys.Also, the staff are incredibly nice. I stop and talk to almost all of them each Monday night that I am there.102.7 The Coyote also holds free concerts here about 4-5 times a year. Pretty cool getting to see guys like Cole Swindell, Rodney Atkins, Chris Cagle, and Due West.
5	This five stars are for Johanna, who was the kindest bartender ever. She made me feel at home, and at ease, after a very long day. Kudos to you, Johanna, for being such a great sport! Thanks.
1	Boyfriend and I went there because we were super hungry and it seemed like a good place to eat due to menu. Place was empty,(lunch time) ordered "famous" baby back ribs w/ mac n cheese and mash potatoes. All I can say is the sides were disgusting and ribs were small as can be. Service was okay, but food was not to my liking. Personally, I was expecting something a bit similar to Lucilles BBQ, but there is absolutely no comparison.
1	Service was NOT good! The food was to salty and sloppy. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw and my husband got the southern fried chicken no flavor so I wouldn't recommend ever coming here.
1	If I could have given Gilley's 0 stars I would have. We  walked in, we're not greeted and then had to practically beg someone to tell us if we were allowed to sit down! Then once we sat for over 15 minutes with no menu, waitress, or attention of any kind we walked out. NEVER AGAIN.
4	Very fun bar and just downstairs from the hotel rooms at Treasure Island. Good drinks and fun line dancing after a few drinks.The only reason for the 4 stars and not 5 is the drink prices. Otherwise, great time.
2	We came here during their thirsty thursday happy hour, and because of the $1 drinks for ladies they get an extra star.The bar seems so out of place in the Treasure Island, with the loud country music, line dancing, and bull riding. Overall the atmosphere is cool, and they had someone teaching some line dancing routine's which we thoroughly enjoyed.We sat down at the small area in the back (which only has maybe 10 tables) and yet were ignored for the first 10 minutes until we walked up to the bar and asked for a waitress. I asked if they were doing happy hour (knowing that at some point in the night they were doing $1 drinks), the waitress said yes and we ordered 3 cocktails. To my surprise she came with 4 drinks -- apparently we ordered at 6:50 instead of 7 so they were BOGO -- at $7.50! We could have certainly waited 10 minutes had I known that was the case. We all ordered the vegetarian chili -- which was OK. I hadn't eaten anything all day, so I couldn't complain. We also ordered the sweet potato fries, which to my surprise came with a cinnamon frosting dipping sauce (sounds weird, I know, but it was actually very good!)After we ate we closed the check, but continued to order drinks at the bar. Again, customer service was very meh. When I went to order drinks, I was told I could only order one because "one drink special for one person". So all of the girls had to order their drinks separately...which was annoying to say the least.At the end of the day, its hard to beat $1 well drinks -- but when visiting Vegas I won't be back for anything else.
4	I like Gilley's more than Stoney's now. Why? because the atmosphere is much more welcoming then that of Stoney's. Maybe because it's on the strip instead of far from it? But you'd think that Stoney's would be more welcoming since it's more of a locals place, nope! I'm Asian, I get it, weird to see Asians into country, right? Well not really but I've always felt out of place going to Stoney's because of the staff and customers that frequent it but Gilley's has made me feel pretty welcomed and it makes me want to come back. Prices are pretty decent for the most part, luckily I wasn't paying for anything so really I wasn't paying TOO much attention to it. They have awesome food and your typical drinks. I'll be coming back very soon!
4	I really enjoyed the atmosphere as we'll the free bull rides! Music was great and they had a good mic of two step vs. lines dancing so everyone could join in
4	Always fun and good food.  We come here every year during NFR.  The only thing was this year the steaks were not as big and juicey as I remember.  Sorry.
