3	So I was craving a quick Chinese lunch and ended up trying out a new spot.  Pretty good wonton soup and tasty fried rice, but the sweet and sour pork was a big mistake.   I should have check out yelp first.  Next time I'll try the orange chicken.
2	The only reason this place got two stars was because I was able to swallow the food. Beyond that, don't get your hopes up! There was a total of 5 of us in the party. The space is not very big, since we took up most of the seating available. I would recommend getting take out. I ordered Sesame Chicken and my friend ordered Orange chicken. I think the only difference our food was that I had sesame seeds on top. The food was bland and not very flavorful. I also had egg drop soup, which was like drinking hot water. The pork fried rice was probably the best part of my meal. The wait staff was friendly and kind. Quick on service. It was fair priced.
4	A few things that set this place apart from other Chinese restaurants include: 1. sweeter sauces in general 2. chicken dishes seem to be very juicy and I would assume they use better quality meat. 3. Very clean. Because of #2 I gave it the 4th star. I have never been disappointed. There is not a lot of tables here so you may have to get it "to go" over lunch.
4	Stumbled on the Red House the other day.  This is the closest  place I've found to the New York / Chicago style Chinese food that I grew up with.  Very reasonably priced, good service and very good food.  It is hard to find a good egg rolls and they have them. I've had the Almond Chicken and Chicken Chowmein.  The girls had the orange chicken and honey chicken.  Nothing fancy, just a small restaurant in a strip mall with Big portions of good food.  A  great neighborhood hangout!  My new go to Chinese restaurant.
4	We are in love with Red House.  Period.  Anyone from New York will understand why.  Just good, no-nonsense Chinese.  Authentic dishes and dishes that appeal to the masses.We would dine here everyday if we could - definitely one of the best Chinese restaurant in the North Scottsdale area - if not in AZ.  And reasonable given its location.  My fiance and I both say we are extremely lucky to have found each other - since we prefer Asian cuisine over anything!  (Sometimes I feel like he's actually the Asian and I'm the Caucasian!)Our standard meal consists of 1 Eggroll for the fiance (super super good - New York style ALL the way).  Maybe the  Szechwan appetizer sampler depending on whether it's on special (comes with chicken skewers, fried shrimp, an eggroll - the chicken skewers are amazing - you can order these separately as well).  Seafood Hot and Sour soup is usually the choice (good amount of shrimp, scallops, they even throw in Kamaboko (in Japanese - or fish cake).  Not a lot of places do that.  My only complaint about the soup is sometimes it's not enough sour for me, or spice - but still very good.  Considering I basically have no taste for spice - I'm sure to the average diner it would be plenty spicy.And then onto the mains.  No matter what our standard is the House Chow Mai Fun.  FIRST of all  - I haven't seen Chow Mai Fun since I lived in New York - no one that I know of makes it here.  House Chow Mai Fun is a dish that consists of  Mai Fun noodles (very skinny rice noodles - the same ones that are used in Singapore Noodles) without the curry sauce.  The noodles are stir fried in a light sauce with veggies, and meats/seafood.  Soo amazing!  Trust me - I love Chow Fun (wide flat noodles) but this is such a light yet flavor full dish (where Chow Fun can be heavy with the wide noodles and thick brown sauce).  Then our second dish is either their House Tofu or Triple Delight.  We've also had their spicy eggplant which is amazing!  Also sampled the Shrimp with Walnuts - generous portions of shrimp, maybe just a little too much of the mayo sauce - but still yummy!The only dish I've had that seemed not up to par with their others the House Pan Fried Noodles (which can also be called Chow Mein Hong Kong Style). The noodles lack the flavor and consistency than those of other restaurants, and the sauce is too much like the sauce they use on their tofu.  It should be slightly different but it literally tastes like the same dish (just one is served with noodles).Cost wise Red House is more than reasonable!  Our normal Eggroll, Seafood Hot and Sour Soup, Chow Mai Fun and whatever our second entree and a large order of rice (see below) ends up being about $33.00.  Very generous portions!  Why the four stars? Two reasons. One: the restaurant itself is VERY small.  Although normally there is ample seating, when it does get busy the place can feel a bit claustrophobic.    The service is so great though - everyone is super nice and accommodating (and super super hard working!)  We normally take out, but there are some occasions we just need to sit, relax, and have our food come out piping hot from the kitchen!The second reason for the four stars is a small one.  The meals only come with a small white rice, so we have to order a large.  And they charge you for the larger order.  Cost wise, it's not that much more, but still - most Chinese restaurants will supply you with all the white rice you need.But seriously - such a  small price to pay for excellent Chinese!!One other note - they do have lunch specials for very cheap so make sure to check them out!
5	When I discovered Red House, I just knew they had to be from the East Coast. I asked them and, sure enough, they said they are from Flushing, Queens. I grew up in Queens and have sorely missed the REAL New York Chinese take-out spots that actually have different sizes to choose from when it comes to certain dishes, as well as the distinct flavor of these dishes.The eggrolls are just like home! The staff is quick, just like in New York. And the brown sauce is excellent. I have had their shrimp with broccoli in garlic sauce and was very happy with it. I have had their wonton soup, which was excellent. I have had their chicken chow fun which was exactly like I remembered from back East. Red House is a little slice of New York in Scottsdale. Very rare and very good.
5	I told myself no more five stars but I love this place. Great lunch deals. The Amazing Chicken really is
5	Excellent local chinese food very authentic. They have many good dishes you can't go wrong with any of them. My favorites are the house egg foo yiung, shrimp and lobster sauce and moo shu pork. They also have very good soups and crispy noodles for the soup.
3	We got a flyer at work and saw the lunch specials so it intrigued us to order from here one day. Also because it was super convenient that they delivered. I had the honey chicken lunch special and thought it was quite tasty. I sampled some sesame chicken from a coworker and thought it was pretty good as well. I also had half an eggroll and enjoyed it, too. All lunch specials come with a soup (egg drop, hot & sour or wonton) or a can of soda. I had the wonton soup and didn't like it very much. The broth was brownish and tasted like soy sauce which is a big no no to me. There isn't suppose to be soy sauce in wonton soup! Also the wontons were bleh... the wonton skin was too thick. Clearly they are the types meant for frying and not in soups. The price was fair, though. 7 lunch specials for around $45. That's a pretty good deal. Will order here again if I'm in need for a place that delivers, but otherwise it's nothing extraordinary from the casual chinese take out joints. *I love that they don't charge extra for brown rice**They make their own hot mustard thats pretty tasty
4	WOW! We have come to the Red House many times both for lunch and dinner and found almost all the dishes very tasty and well prepared.  I've read some of the other Yelp comments and for the most part we would agree -- this place is pretty authentic, and good.Yes, the owners are from Flushing, NY but their take on some of the traditional Szechuan menu items are subtly different.  One minor difference is their take on Szechuan Won Ton. In many restaurants, the main ingredients are sesames, chili oil, rice vinegar, soy sauce and sometimes peanut butter (or tahini).  Here, the chef uses a hoisin based sauce -- a minor change that makes for a totally different taste which we liked! Their orange chicken is wonderful, as is all of their chicken dishes. It also was fun to have crispy noodles with duck sauce on the table (very east coast) to start.  And, don't forget to try their large and tasty pot stickers -- another, WOW!One note, you order at the counter and the food will come out to your table as it is prepared. The last time we were there, a couple came in and sat down looking at the menus and left after 15 minutes thinking it was waiter service.  Enjoy!
4	I previously rated the Red House 3 stars, but after tonight's dinner, I've decided that I now am a fan of this place.Tonight we had the hot and sour soup (again), mongolian beef, and moo shu chicken.  All of it was soooo... good!  I previously wasn't wowed with the szechuan chicken, but everything else has been amazing.  I love the soup and the wonton strips that come with it.All in all, I will be back and thoroughly enjoyed tonight's dinner!
4	Red House is a small restaurant walk in casual with big flavor.  A friend and I went for lunch to try the place out and we were not disappointed.  The food was delicious, the serving sizes were generous and the overall restaurant and experience was great.
5	Great place! wonton's while you wait. Best hot and sour soup I've ever had! Everything is really good. Nice clean place.
4	Don't be fooled by the low-key look of this place, everything here is delicious! Thanks to Georgie M. for pointing out the Szechuan dumplings, they were fabulous. The best NY-style egg rolls in town, and very generous portions for the price, which is lower than all of the other popular Chinese places in Scottsdale. Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed!
5	I am from the NYC area and miss good city Chinese food.  This is as close as you can get to actual NYC style Chinese food. I highly recommend it.
5	Being from New York myself, East Coast style Chinese take out is very rare in these parts.If you haven't tried it yet, I urge you to when you're in the neighborhood.  The folks are so nice.  I usually get General Tso's Chicken with the Crab Rangoons.  If you don't like spicy, just tell them to make it Medium or Mild.  I like to get it regular because I like some spice to my chicken.They give you free noodles and fortune cookies while you wait.  They also have all of the little sauce packets.The prices are reasonable and the food is delicious no matter what you get.I HIGHLY recommend Red House and wish they had a Facebook page.I go there at least twice or three times a month.
4	Not a place to go for the atmosphere, but the food was excellent. Had the spicy beef (extra spicy)w/ brown rice an it was very tasty. The onions and peppers were well cooked. I normally don't like Diet Pepsi, but there's was really good. Only bad was the fried wontons (Chinese chips and salsa)-a bit stale.
4	Reminded me of New York. I loved it and the food was very good. Definitely going back in the future.
5	I have now had Red House 3 times and I think I can safely say that I have finally found a LEGIT chinese place in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.  Everything I have had so far there is very good and very quality chinese.  I've had the szcheun shrimp, sesame chicken, and the triple delight.  All were amazing.  Their fried rice is so good.  It has this distinct flavor... I dont know what it is but its goooood.  It is a little more expensive than other quick-serve chinese places but its worth it!  Id rather pay more than eat this other garbage chinese places Ive been to in Scottsdale.  This will now be my go-to place for chinese takeout.
4	I can't believe I haven't reviewed Red House yet.I go here a few times a month for lunch.Definitely great lunch specials, at great prices, with nice service.Your typical NY/NJ style interior-no frills. You don't come here for ambiance.Good rice, great chicken and broccoli-and they call it Egg Drop soup, not egg flower like so many other places here in AZ.Yay..I like it!
4	Very high quality for delivery chinese food.  I could have Red House come to my door every night, and be a very happy man.I had the chicken lo mein.  A wonderful comfort standby.   With one bite of the noodles I was sold on Red House.  The taste and flavor aren't really that much better than any other restaurant, but Red House delivers that taste and flavor without drowning the meal in the sauce.  My girlfriend ordered the steamed chicken and vegetables from the weight watchers selection.  She added a side of brown sauce just so she could make it a little tastier, but keep it healthy.  It's nice to see a chinese place with healthier selections.I can't say I have seen the inside of this restaurant,  but I'm not sure if I ever need to.  The food came to my door in less than a half hour and was still pretty hot on delivery.  Prices are really good, too.  With a side of brown rice this meal was only around $20.
3	Based on the reviews and what the common thread running through the reviews was, it was NY chinese food, I was expecting something different. The owners may be from Flushing, but this food is not what I consider NYC chinese food. There are no ducks in the window, no feet in the soup, no pork buns. This is Queens, Little Neck, Massapequa strip mall chinese food. This is New Brunswick / South Plainfield, NJ chinese food. The only thing missing was the lighted picture board of the menu. It's good, it's not great. I have had better. In fact, I hate to complement anything from Wisconsin (dreadful place) but Tom's Red Pepper in Middleton, WI is actually a better version of what the other yelpers are describing as east coast chinese. The won-tons were stale. The sweet and sour sauce a bit thin. The chicken was cut rather small although it was white. I was disappointed to see it was not served with the traditional chunks of green pepper and pineapple. The fried rice was good, but very greasy and too much soy sauce. Chloe J said in her review that it had a distinctive flavor? There is nothing distinctive about onions, grease and soy sauce. The won-ton soup was slightly on the bland side. The food is okay and if someone was looking for adequate chinese, a cut above the heavily sugared and sauced up P F Chang's, I would recommend Red House. Could it be relocated to New Jersey and compete in that market? No. They lost their Flushing edge, they have been west too long.
4	Good food, well priced, and good customer service.  I often use them for catering.  They are on time and correct on the order!
5	Five stars from us because we just LOVED IT!!!! We ordered the orange chicken as many recommended it and boy did we enjoy every single bite of it, it was gone, none to take home as leftovers. We also got the egg fried rice, lo mein noodles and the triple delight, all so delish! Waitress and entire staff were so friendly. Just a great place to go OR PICK UP to take home!I really, highly recommend this little jewel.We will FOR SURE be back!!!
5	This is the closest to East Coast Chinese takeout that I can find in Scottsdale. Best food & better service.  Their General Tso's Chicken is off the hook.
4	Great lunch specials. I had kung pao chicken, soup and brown rice for less than $6 today. The veggies in the kung pao were fresh, not frozen like some chinese restaurants. Also, their mushrooms were fantastic. They actually tasted like mushrooms as opposed to limp soggy mushrooms that spent all day soaking up whatever sugary sauce they were swimming in all day. All in all, a good, quick choice if you are in the neighborhood or want to order take out or delivery.
5	Listen people. This place is an absolute GEM. Amazing customer service. EXTREMELY quick. INSANE quality. I very rarely try new places...let alone Asian cuisine, but this place absolutely rocks. Go check it out!!
3	Decent Chinese food in Scottsdale.  A bit pricey for the portions, but better than most Chinese I've experienced out here.  I dig the availability of brown rice.  This place will do for takeout.
2	I am shocked by these reviews.  Has anyone ever tasted their tasteless egg drop soup?  Has anyone ever tasted their mushy fried rice (of late) ?  Has anyone ever tasted their tasteless beef?  I am amazed by these reviews.  and this is NOT NY chinese food!  I don't know what it is.
5	Simply the best chinese take out I have ever had. the steamed vegetables with tofu are not only healthy but also delicious. Very surprised! PS: You will love this place if you are from Taiwan like me.
2	Not so much.  The first couple times I ate there it was good not great definitely NOT New York.  The last time I ate there it was horrible and I haven't been back.  I'm still in search of really good chinese food in Phoenx.  Alas I think its a fairy tale.
1	I have NEVER written a review on ANYTHING, but I absolutely had to for this restaurant. I cooked Chinese food for years and preparing this food in such a bland way is hard to do, so bravo guys. I've ate here a few times and it's either ok or just plain not good, and I mean not good to the point where I will literally just toss it out rather than eat it. So take my review for what it is. I know the business and one review is not gonna make or break a restaurant, but they have definitely lost my family, friends and I as customers.
2	How this place gets such good reviews is beyond me. Food is bland and tasteless. Service is average at best. The place wasn't even clean. Chinese food is better even in the Midwest than it is at this place. To each his own I guess.
5	Loved it.  Good NY style Chinese.  The Ma La Lamb is legendary.
4	"NY Style Chinese Cuisine?"  I'm from the Northeast, and trust me, this is a designation you'll find only in AZ (I'll never understand this state's obsession with NYC...).  Anyhow, I tried this place for one reason, and one reason alone:  General Tso's chicken.  For some reason, this item is left off 99% of the Chinese menu's in the valley.Price:  To my surprise, my L30 Lunch special came out to $6.XX and included a generous portion of chicken, mixed veggies, rice, and a soda.  Even McDonald's is more expensive than this place!Quality:  It's good, but not great.  They're a bit heavy on the sauce (what Chinese place isnt?) and the chicken's gratuitously breaded.  Regardless, the sauce was flavorful and the rice was, well, rice.  Its not "knock your socks off amazing" but how many places truly are at this price?Experience:  Considering this was a quick stop for lunch, it needed to be quick.  Called ahead and my order was ready when I got there.  Guy behind the counter gave me a bag with a smile, which is all I could ask for.In a nutshell:  I'll be back!  Solid lunch at a VERY reasonable price.
1	I went here for the first time today to pick up lunch. I ordered the lunch special Kung Pao chicken with brown rice and wonton soup. The soup is bland and boring. Now onto the star of the show - the chicken. The first bite was much like the soup: bland. Too bad I'm actually hungry for lunch - I have to eat more so I don't starve. I get a few bites into this tasteless dish of overcooked carrots, celery, peanuts,  canned mushrooms and baby corn and cut into one of the pieces of chicken to find that it's not even real chicken breast like advertised! I'm so disgusted that I have to spit my bite out and rinse. This so called chicken breast is no better than the ground chicken and filler product that McDonald's serves. I even asked the person that took my phone order if it was chicken breast and she confirmed. No wonder the prices are so low. I will NEVER be back. I should have gone with my original thought to get Swaddee Thai. The chicken breast they serve is actually just sliced up chicken breast - no disguises.
4	Had a very nice lunch at the Red House.  The food was fresh and delicious.  Good service.
1	I have been a loyal customer of Red House for about a year now and I have never received such poor service!  It was just one thing after another!  First, I had a coupon for a free orange chicken and I was not able to use it though I should have been able to.  I called to place a delivery order and they informed me that the coupon was only good for dine in or carry out, though there was no indication of this on the coupon.  Then, I was supposed to get free delivery since I spent over $15 and I was charged $1.00.  On top of all of this my noodles were mushy and bland.  The delivery man was very nice but that's about the only positive thing I can say.
5	The best Chinese food I've had in Scottsdale.  Delicious!
4	Egg Drop soup is great.  Pick-up was ready in 15m.  Soup was piping hot, served the way it should be.  Garlic chicken was good, too.
4	I don't have much basis for the restaurant, or service inside as I've always set up for take-out. The orange chicken is flavorful and delicious. The egg rolls are crunchy, greasy, and excellent. It makes me feel like I'm eating take-out from New York. Excellent place, I've yet to have anything on the menu that's been a disappointment.
1	OJ chix is ok but the soy drenched not fried rice ruined it!
2	When we discovered this restaurant it has just opened. The food was great and it soon became a favorite. However we just ate there after a taking a break and we were really shocked at how bland and tasteless the food has become. It is a drastic difference and the prices had risen also. For the price we will choose to go to another of our favorites. Really bummed, this was so great. The service is also stand offish, when the food was great it was worth it but now we just  found it the final straw. Will not return , sadly.
3	So i am not familiar with what it means to have " authentic ny chinese" as this place advertised but i enjoyed the food here. Me and my friends were the only people seated in this very tiny restaurant on a friday night so very obviously this is a take out place. In terms of food, i was not disappointed. The best dishes were 'amazing chicken' ( how can you not giggle while ordering this?) and mongolian chicken. The lo mein, garlic shrimp and dragon phoenix are average. The service was courteous. Might be back for take but only when the next craving hits.
5	This is a great alternative to the sit down chinese. It has strong hints of NY in the flavors. The sauces are very balanced, and less garlic-y than the other options in Scottsdale. The vegetables are fresh and fantastically prepared. The price is about $2 cheaper across the board than its competitors.  If you can appreciate NY Chinese food, and more specifically Chinese from Queens, then this is the place for you.
5	Excellent food
5	I moved here from NJ last July. I am used to having numerous either take out or sit down Chinese restaurants very close to my home near NYC. I have tried a few places here in Phoenix and was very disappointed. A friend lives in North Scottsdale and took me one day to Red House. Not only were the owners from NYC, but finally good NYC style Chinese food. I have been back 10 times from my home in central Phoenix, maybe 20-25 minutes away. I have had many different meals, combinations, noodle dishes, soups, egg rolls; not one mediocre or poor quality meal. The owners and employees are always courteous and friendly.
3	Just a simple Chinese based restaurant.I've been coming here since the month that it has opened and never had a bad experience.  The only thing I have seen change throughout time is the people on the counter.  Other than that, food and service has been consistent.It is a NY based Chinese restaurant, but not the type that fancies itself.  From reading most reviews, people who see this place expect it to be a fusion of Panda Express and Pei Wei.  It's not.  People should stop thinking that Pei Wei and Panda Express is real asian food, and when something like this comes along, they claim to be an expert on how chinese food should taste like.For those who aren't from the East Coast, let me learn you something.  NY Chinese food is considered Street Food.  It is supposed to be cheap and quick.  The taste isn't supposed to taste like it took hours to prepare, or even something that health nuts expect out of beef and chicken.  It's supposed to be dirty with a hint of flavor, thats how Street Food is.  Cheap and Quick.  Problem here is, these guys may be from NY, but just like all the other "NY based" restaurants, they have to uphold the norm in the city they are in.  Scottsdale isn't a cheap place, nor a cultured place for that matter.  So to actually market themselves as a NY Authentic Restaurant isn't going to work much around here.  Anyways, aside from that little personal rant ...  Service has always been good.  I usually phone them so by the time I get there, food is ready.  The people on the counter has always been helpful.  Sorry for people who get annoyed for their bad service, you can't be helped while the person is on the phone taking care of another customer.I'm not going to rave about how great the food tastes.  If you are from the East Coast (NY / NJ / MA) then you can expect a similar taste to that style and cooking.  If you aren't from there, then you oughta give this place a chance.  Just like every new restaurant that opens, come in and give it a try with an OPEN mind.... and if you have money of course.My gripe with the store is that they sold out.  Yes it may have similar tastes to the restaurants back home, but they sold out to try to fit the norm of Scottsdale.  Prices have risen for no apparent reason.  Fried Rice is close to $7 taxed!  That is an outrage.  I think they should take off the NY AUTHENTIC scheme and just go with a bland ARIZONA CHINESE RESTAURANT title, because that is what is has succumb to.
3	The appetizer wontons are fresh, crunchy, meaty and delicious! The hot & sour soup is hot AND sour (and very tasty). I ordered the sesame chicken and requested extra crispy...but it wasn't (maybe they didn't see where I wrote that request in on GrubHub). It was still very good though. I think I was expecting the sesame chicken to resemble the yummy pictures of orange chicken, but it didn't look anything like it. The bbq pork fried rice that accompanies it is scrumptious and love that they put a couple of pieces of steamed broccoli on top. I will definitely order from here again (especially for the wontons!)Bonus points for the delivery being done really quickly (estimate of 1 hour turned out to actually only be about 30 minutes).
5	Based on the Chinese food I have experienced in Arizona, this place is holding the top spot for now. Ordered the Black Pepper chicken and it was just like it said on the menu - strips of chicken breast lightly fried and coated with a tangy black pepper sauce. It also had plenty of onions and peppers and a free side of rice. Great dish. I also sampled the shrimp egg roll and it was crunchy and had lots of good ingredients inside. About 12 bucks total and the condiment area is a nice touch. Always hated asking for more soy and duck sauce from owners.
3	I was not sure whether to give this restaurant a 2 or 3 star. I will give them three stars but that is being generous. I read the recent reviews and decided to try this place. I ordered An egg roll and sweet and sour pork . The egg roll was good with lots of vegetables but very greasy. The sweet and sour pork was more breading than pork, greasy. The sauce was on the side which I liked. The best part of this take out meal was the brown rice. Hard to make bad brown rice. Wish there was a great Chinese restaurant in this town.
3	Red House had been on my list for a while, but for some reason, I thought it was more of a sit-down restaurant.  Although there are tables, there aren't many, and the place is quite warm in the summer months.  I would prefer it for take-out, especially since I am not a fan of the overhead television tuned to a sporting channel.I thought my food was A-okay, but not great.  I had cashew chicken which did have plenty of cashews, but it also had some globs of gelatinized "sauce."  I'm not sure if this was some kind of base that didn't get fully incorporated or it was made ahead and  not reheated to a consistent temp.  In any case, it was fine, but not the best.It was fast, and we did have good service, and I would definitely consider for take-out again.
5	My mother and I are from Brooklyn, and we have been coming here for many years now. We both enjoy the food, especially the spare ribs. This place is the closest in Arizona that we have come to a New York Chinese food restaurant. Highly recommended, we always send our friends here!
5	Good food if you don't mind the serious wait.
2	Originally from ny, I know ny Chinese. This isn't it. Egg drop soup and egg roll were good but entrees yuck. General
2	Another prime example as to how bad service can taint a good food experience. If the service were better, Red House could have earned a 3/4 stars from me. A friend and I were out and about late Friday night, and desperately wanted Chinese. After sitting down in a different establishment and actually walking out, we decided to go to Red House. Advertised on their door that they were open until 10:30, we decided to give it a shot. It was just shy on 9:45 as we walked in. We walked up to the front counter, and needed a second to order. The little Asian women at the front counter who was talking on her phone from the moment we walked in disappeared into the kitchen and came back about five minutes later. Well past the amount of time it took us to decide. She was very quick and snappy when taking our order, and then asked us if we wanted the food for here or to go. We said for here, and the woman told us no. A flat out no. Her reasoning? Because they were closing early for the Chinese New Year. Okay. Totally fine. I get it. But I don't recall any posting on the door about closing early, nor do I recall any adjustments on the Hours of Operation sign.So we ordered our food anyway and sat in the restaurant to wait. About 15 minutes later, our food came out. We left and decided to eat in the car as it was late, we were hungry, and there really weren't many other options considering we were further from home than expected. As we were eating in the car, we happened to notice that the woman did, in fact, keep the store open until the 10:30pm posted time, however had the nerve to tell us that we weren't allowed to eat our food in the dining area. Don't get me wrong, the food is great. Some of the better Chinese in the area, actually. I ordered the chicken chow fun and the wonton soup. The chow fun was very good. It had a good ratio of noodles/veggies/chicken, and it wasn't overcooked/mushy. The wonton soup was pretty good, too. It came in a pint(?) sized container, and had about 5 or 6 wontons in it, which was a nice surprise compared to the places that give you about 2 per serving. But, like I said. Rude, snotty service can ruin a dining experience.
2	I had high hopes for this place. I read the reviews about service and I thought that might be an issue and it was. I like to look around at other peoples plates as I walk in and everything looked really good.  We ordered and when I food came they gave us the wrong dishes. My wife got mine and I got hers. We both had chicken dishes but with different sauces.  Mine spicy, hers milder.  I thought that the plates look like they should be switched around but when the server sat them down he announced the correct dish. As a matter of fact my wife's came out about 3 mins ahead of mine. So he announced the name of the dish correctly as he sat it down before us.  All through the meal I keep thinking something is wrong.  I kept asking my wife, "How is it" and she would reply,  just OK. Then finally after I consumed about 80% of my meal I took a bit out of my wife's dish. Sure enough, I knew for sure then.  She has my spicy Black Pepper Chicken. Had I discovered it earlier I would have said something. A little ticked off that they told me the wrong dish as they plated it. Also there was no forks anywhere and when I asked for one I got a bit of attitude it seemed.  Thinking of going back.  The two bites I took of my wives dish was good. I ate an order of something I didn't like, didn't order and yet consumed. Disappointed for all the wrong reasons.
5	Great Chinese food with great prices! Not that over fancy Chinese food but just really good normal Chinese food. Love this place!
4	Tried red house for the first time tonight. It was excellent! Had the szechuan(sp?) Chicken combo, comes with fried rich and an egg roll. Also ordered the spring rolls and crab Rangoons. Very happy with dinner and will be back!
1	Have been going here for years but as of this time will never order from here again. Obviously they have changed staff but the customer service was terrible, long wait times and messed up orders. Take your business elsewhere. So many other good chinese restaurants in the area. Don't waste your time and money at this one!
4	Everything we have ordered has been great. Delivery is always prompt and food arrives hot.
4	FINALLY, a place that makes New York style egg foo young. Most of the Chinese restaurants in the valley make a poor attempt but Red House includes the ingredients inside the patties.  They were perfect; the sauce was good. I enjoyed it thoroughly.
2	One of very few places which has NY style chicken chow mein. The egg rolls & soup reasonably priced but the large chix chow mein overpriced for the small amt of food. . Also the food made me sick so I will not be going back.  It is basically a little hole in the wall.
2	Food is decent, but EVERY time I've ordered from them, they get something from my order wrong. This time, I ordered my food at 9:30pm...and they just rang my doorbell 5 minutes before 11pm after telling me 30-45 mins! Really?! Their service sucks!!Ok, they comped the meal, so that was nice!
1	Sad day. This used to be my favorite spot in town. I ordered my old favorite the "gourmet special" orange beef. Not what it was just a few months ago. It was soggy and very unpleasant. When I called to talk with a manager I was told that I needed to take back the food if I didn't like it. As I live across town I just have to eat the $20. Sad, sad day.
4	Love this place! It is awesome food. I have ordered here a few times and each time I have tried something different and loved it. Glad I found this place
1	The fried rice was disappointing as it consisted of rice and meat. No onions, green onion, etc. We ordered take out and when I called to provide feedback the staff put me on hold for over five minutes and then just kept repeating back what I had said. She finally said that's just how they make the fried rice and you have to request for everything to be added. Strange.
5	coming from the east coast i was looking for a good delivery chinese place and Red House is just awesome. their general tso's is great, chicken and brocoli is amazing.it's very inexpensive and quick delivery
4	My husband and I ordered it to be delivered. All of our food was hot and the take out containers were really study. Orange chicken was really good and I like the fried brown rice. The pot stickers were my fave :) Will be back!
3	Came for takeout on Xmas, that was a mistake, place was packed and a disaster.Told us 45 minutes but took about 1 hr 15.Having said that and giving them the benefit of the doubt knowing "how good can it be with it so busy" it was pretty good.Would go again. It's a bit sauce heavy tho so next time will order easy on it.
4	A friend originally from East Coast recommended this restaurant as the best Chinese in Scottsdale, and it is what he is used to eat in east coast.So far I tried chicken Egg Foo Young, fried rice, and orange chicken. Egg Foo Young is a real Egg Foo Young. I realized what I've been eating around here was Egg Foo Youngish.  Not a real one like they  make here.Fried rice and orange chicken was really good as well.  Very fast service, located on my way home form work, very reasonable price.  I can see myself becoming a regular here.
3	Good stuff for a mostly take out Chinese place for in Scottsdale.  New York style Chinese food with all the standard offerings.  Lunch specials come with choose of rice plus soup or soda for under $6. Portions are  satisfactory.  The hot and sour soup is better than average for Scottsdale.  Everything was fresh and the service was very quick.  Not really a sit down restaurant, but what seating there is is comfortable.  I recommend Red House for value and quality Chinese food in north Scottsdale.
