3	Sometimes you just have one of those late nights where all you can think about before going to sleep is pizza. Carmine's Little Italy (also known as Instant Replay) is the late night spot for pizza. Big Mike is always behind the bar, and offering pitchers of cold beer, but the pizza is the highlight here. There used to be a great late night special on pies for around $3.00 (owners, if you are reading this, please bring it back!!) but the prices are still very reasonable. Only the bar area is open late at night, but it is surrounded by gigantic, borderline obnoxiously big televisions playing all sorts of things. I watch the music channels while my boyfriend catches up on the sports stats (God forbid he doesn't know what happened in ever sporting event that day). Big Mike is always chatty, especially with the ladies, and I always have a fun time talking up a storm with him. The restaurant part is open during the day for lunch and dinner, and it is decent Italian for a quick bite. I have never seen the bar too packed, but there is always about twenty people around 2:00am. Everyone seems to be here for the same thing; pizza and pitchers. Carmine's Little Italy is located right behind the Sunset Station, so if you are ever in the area at that time of the morning (night?) check out the pizzas, and say hello to Mike!Recommended drink: Big Mike WILL give you a pitcher of beer whether you want it or not.Recommended eats: Pizza, of course!!
3	Great Italian restaurant for the local area. Their pizza is about $8 and can feed two people till they're full! Pasta is so so, but would recommend the pizza for sure on those late nights coming back from partying too late...I love that it's 24 hours! Pizza and pasta anytime, and the price isn't that bad either! Waiting to go may take about 10-15 minutes, but there are some nights when you may wait a bit longer 20-30.
3	carmines is a pretty cool place.  my bf and i usually go there late at night when we feel like having a beer.  it's fun on sundays when the bar is full.  the food is pretty good...nothing really jumps out as amazing though.  but it's definitely somewhere that you and your friends will be able to find something for everyone.
4	I can't say anything bad about Carmine's Little Italy.  Like most places in Vegas, the architecture of the restaurant is strip mall inspired, which can make it less than inviting.  But once you do go in, you won't be disappointed.The place is huge.  The centerpiece is the bar with h-d screens surrounding it from the top.  The bartenders are fast and friendly.  They'll bring your food right to the bar or you can grab a table in the huge dining area.  For smokers, there's plenty of patio space to come and go as you please.I didn't eat much when I visited.  I had the fried mozzarella.  Most places you'd expect the puny sticks a la TGI Friday's.  But what you get for a similar price are three or four substantial diagonal shaped fried mozzarella pieces with plenty of marinara.  It's just one of those little things that make you say hey, that's cool.  The menu is extensive and the server I had was really busting his butt and friendly.  I left a good tip.If you're thinking of a night with a big group to see a game or just to get together and enjoy each other's company, go to Carmine's.  It's located near the US 95 freeway for easy access.  I need to go back soon.
5	Melenzana Parmagiano, so good you'll smack, Nona! It has been 9 years since I had an eggplant parm this good. As close to NY as you can get from Henderson.  I was there for dinner on a Saturday night. There was a 50th birthday party going on, as well as a wedding reception! The outside of the place doesn't lend much to an inviting atmosphere, but the moment you step in and sit down in this full fledged sports bar the friendly staff makes you feel right at home.I've never been here drunk or late at night, so I can't speak for late night munchies, I can say that what I ate was delicious and the cannoli I had for dessert caused flashbacks of my favorite  Brooklyn bakery.You'd be a fool to pass Carmine's up. Mangia!
4	This place is a very spacious sports bar/Italian joint.  TV screens are everywhere.  Service is great.  Lentil soup is very good.  Wine list is average.  On this particular night I had the jumbo shrimp linguine and it was excellent!  The flavor of the shrimp was carried througout the pasta and sauce; if I had to guess I'd say they cooked the pasta in shrimp stock--nice touch!!  So many places just throw the shrimp in and the flavors don't meld well.  The pricepoints are a little high which doesn't leave much value; but you get what you pay for.
3	My wife and I enjoy eating here. No noise of slot machines ringing in our ears was a welcome sound. The food is tasteful and the service is good. My wife like the Calzones, but just make sure you ask for a lot of cheese and you'll get it. I enjoyed the Salmon and Fettuccini, it all was good. It came with one side salad and bread. We shared the salad. We had water with lemon to drink. The overall meal cost $31.23 plus tip.
3	This was a return visit and I found only two white wines on the menu but the Chateau St Michelle Chard was decent.  The caprese salad was one of the better ones I've had--it just needed a little sea salt.  Calamari had great flavor but was tougher than the norm.  Service was good.
3	I may be a little generous with three stars. I have eaten there several times only because it is like 1/2 block away from my house. The service is usually mediocre at best, inattentive waiters, usually appear to be understaffed. It has a very body odor type of smell to all the booths. Strange. Food is okay, nothing to great but not the worst. Give it a shot, see for yourself.
5	Outstanding service. This is my second visit and both had waiters far better than average. Great food, fair price
3	I have gone here several times only b/c it is close to my house and they have good beer on tap and well my team won everytime I watched my games there.. Superstition has never been my deal but.. this year when the Cowboys were winning in December I didnt want to break forumula & chance the lost. Strangely the 1st wknd I didnt watch the game there we lost. (coincidence, who knows..)One thing I have to mention, some of the waitresses are nice, some are not. Some take shots while on the clock and spend too much time flirting, and not serving.... That's $ that their business is losing out on. 2nd..the ladies bathroom has the worst sewer stench I've ever smelled. OMG It smells the same way everytime you walk in there. I even tried to manually press the air fresheners and they wouldnt work. I'd really like to see the restaurant improve some to these things. The avacado bacon burger was pretty good -minus the burnt charred sections of the outside of the patty. the Stromboli was delicious. The calzone is tasty and the wings are pretty good, the hot isnt really hot but pretty good texture wise. Not too saucy and not too dry, just right.  Will I go back, certainly. (more for the bar scene than the restaurant. )
2	Ok, this is my issue with this place. Yesterday the wife and I went there for dinner, when we walked in the place was hot like a oven, this happen twice before, the waiter said it is because the a/c was getting fix, that was last year, well last night same thing, when we asked about the a/c he could not give us a answer. We sat outside where it was dark. The food is good, but if you are looking for being comfy when you are dinning forget it! Wait until the winter time to go.
2	The food is great here, but as a previous poster noted it was very hot in there. I was last at Carmine's in late April and it was unbearable to say the least. Food was good, but you cannot eat in a place without AC. It was so hot , walking outside felt like a relief. My wife was sick from the heat in there. We have not been back since. Unless they fix the AC, we won't go back.****************************************************************************JUNE 22 - 2010This place is closed. There is a do not  enter sticker posted by the Constable and an eviction order on the front door.****************************************************************************
4	While not the best place for Italian food, there are few places better for those middle of the night pasta and pizza cravings. The food is comforting and the bartenders are friendly. Service can be slow sometimes, but I never go when they're fully staffed, so it's hard to expect perfection. Newcastle on draft is never bad either.I recommend the Spinach Calzone and the Lobster Stuffed Ravioli. Whenever we order their massive plate of Zeppoli I have a hard time stopping when I know I should. The wife loves their free bread too of course.
3	I just stopped by and the premises were sealed by an eviction order dated 15 June---but then next to it was an order to stay the eviction dated 21 June.  The door was still chained.
1	This is just to note that thsi place is still closed. I figured ti would be bk open for football season. NOPE. The sign on the bldg says it is closed for remodeling. hmm. I live super close to this place and while driving by this place (while leaving my weekly trip to Sierra Gold) it has yet to have any kind of construction trucks or any kind of maintenance being done = that I can visably see. Kinda sad. Maybe it closed due to the plumbing problems they had.
4	The food is wonderful Bui I always find the place so hot.  You have to try the seafood cioppino and the stone shrimp.  The staff is very pleasant and attentive.
2	Nothing at this place was quite right from the moment we walked in. The waitstaff was more interested in gossiping then serving - they just stood around, awkwardly close so we could hear their conversations. We never got bread. Other tables had it but I guess we were deemed not worthy. The pasta fagioli soup had an ok broth but it lacked in everything else and it was lukewarm. No to mention a very small portion for 6.95. We ordered the chopped salad and I did not care for it. The  brought it out wrong the first time and had to re-make it. It was very blah and boring - all I really tasted was eggs. The pizza was very middle of the road - had the white pizza and added broccoli. The broccoli was actually cooked nicely - star of the meal! We decided to try the cannolis as they are well Yelped. It said they had chocolate chips mixed in the cannoli cream right on their menu. Well, we got some kind of candied orange rind in our cannolis...it was terrible. The cream was good, but with that nasty dried fruit mixed in, I couldn't eat any of it. I don't get why food would not be served as it is described on the menu. And this place just re-opened! They might want to shut down for a little while more til they get their shit together. Also, it was FREEZING!
2	I just wanted to note that i recently saw this place RE-opeend. I didnt stay b/c they dont have the NBA league pass, and went nxt door to Sunset Station to watch the game w/ their $1 dogs & $1 beers. . cant beat that. The place looked nice, they got new tv's, and separated the dinning area from the bar but it still looks funny b/c the restaurant is like a bubble surrounding the bar in the middle. It looks funny but I can see why they'd do it. kinda reminds me of Mulligan's on boulder.. . but theirs is actually cut in half.  Ihavent tasted the food yet - waiting for them to work out the kinks..
3	This is an update: yes another one. they recently reopened and believe it or not it is somewhat remodeled with the bar area closed off to the dining area. The restroom no longer smells like a the sewer collection center for the city of Henderson, I have to admit my bf wanted to go bk to this place so we did. We met for their HH and it was surprisingly really good. I was craving a margherita pizza but the only pizza half price during HH was cheese pizza. so we ordered the antipasto platter (which had one slice of mozzarella cheese, one basil leaf and one slice of tomato (among some prosciutto, zuccini, red peppers, olives, lettuce) and i tore up the basil leaf, chopped the one single slice of mozzarella cheese and the tomato and put it on there immediately so they'd kinda melt into the warm cheese pizza (the food came out pretty quickly I might add) and the rsult: we shared a antipasto salad and a small (impromptu margaherita pizza ) really good. the HH apps are 1/2 price minus anything w/ seafood- but they have $1.50 draf, #$2.50 imports, $3 wells and $3 house wines. This I like b/c when I go to stupid Sierra nevada across the way they dont even take your order if you dont have a "pair". this place is very improved. so far.... but they still dont have volume on for the tvs in the bar area which is dumb. this is where they will still lose customers to Buffalo Wild Wings..
1	2 of 3 items were not cooked properly. I used to eat here all the time, different owners i THINK.Pastrami sandwich smelled rotten. I took 1 bite and just could not eat it (and I love pastrami). I did not want to complain as it was a business luncheon. The waitress did not ask to correct it, did not offer it to be removed from bill, she sent "manager" over who "could not smell" so he took it back to the cook. The manager came back and said it was fine. No offer to remove from bill, not I am sorry, no NOTHING!!!!!My favorite  app from there is calamari.  My app was not cooked properly, it was really batter tasting and super rubbery.  I cannot tell you how many times over the years I have had this at this restaurant- and loved it every time.I can only say I will never go back there and never have any business luncheons there, nor will I recommend to anyone I work with at the automall.I did get a touch of food poisoning from my 1 bite of sandwich, I did pay the 10..00 for that food poisoning, and that will never happen again.NOT GOOD AT ALL!!!!!!
4	This Place has re-opened by the original owners and the food is pretty good. THE AIR CONDITIONING HAS BEEN FIXED !!!!.  I spoke with the daughter of the Owner and she said the place was completely overhauled and menu revamped. The food was good and I will go back !!
4	We just had got done moving in to our new home in Henderson and were looking for some greasy bar food.  We couldn't really come to agreement especially because most pubs don't cater to 3 young children.  So, my husband chose Carmines because he had worked with the owner to sell him a car.  When we walked in, I was immediately impressed.  Very clean and lit better than most Italian eateries.  Service was friendly.  A good selection on the menu and seemed pretty affordable especially compared to most chains.  My husband and I both had calzones.  The calzones usually come with cheese, ham, and pepperoni but they were very good about putting in jalapenos for him instead of ham.  They were soooo amazing!  Cooked well and not crazy greasy but very flavorful.  Kids seemed to like children's pizza and chicken strips.  Husband and I ordered a couple heifenweizens and they were delicious.  Definitely will be a go to place now that we live in town!
4	I am updating my review of Carmines because it has re-opened under the original owner and I believe they are starting to redeem themselves. I went to have breakfast there a few days back and the place is completely redone inside. The tables have all new settings, new menus, cleaner, brighter, everything is just plain better. One major advancement, no more gross armpit smell from the corner of the booth. The food is great like typical Carmines food used to be! I heard Carmine booted the old owners,the franchisees and took his place back over. He has a little article about how he franchised his places and the new owners ran a few of them into the ground and it killed him to watch his restaurants turn to crap. I commend him for taking pride in his place and making it what it used to be. Now to the important stuff....I have not been there for dinner yet as of this review only breakfast and lunch. You can't beat the breakfast. It's nothing spectacular but it's a $2.99 and you and a buddy can get out for under $12 bucks! It's really a good deal and it's not half bad. The service has gotten ten times better, I think Carmine got rid of all the old crappy servers and now has some family in there running the show so they are pretty much on top of things. I have not had a problem so far with the service at all. Lunch was good, I had some wings which were great. Done just right and not over cooked. Good job on transforming Carmine's Little Italy back into a cool local spot to get some good grub and watch a game.  I have not been into the bar area of yet but if it is anything like the restaurant  I am sure it's great. Once again good job Carmine, you have an old customer coming back.
3	They re-opened this location about 3mos ago.  They have now enclosed the bar area with plexiglass (for a smoking section, I assume).  I had the lasagna and their house red wine.  The food was average, the wine great for $3 and being out of a box.  Service was good.  Overall it's a decent sports bar establishment with higher price-points on their food but decent happy hour drink pricing.  The wine list is fairly extensive for this type of establishment.  Brew selection was below-average for a sports bar.
4	glad these guys are back. I personally have never had a bad food or waiter experience and if I did I would certainly let a manager know, which by the way is usually one of the family 24/7. Anyway I think their pizza is one of the best around all the way down to the crust. Just enough better than metro. Not a great fan of the new decor. I always eat at the bar with Bryer. She is great! Hot too. Liked it more when it was hard core sports bar. Anyway its good to have some of our one off businesses coming back to Hendertucky!
4	This is a sports bar & grill. I missed the happy hour which had some really great deals on drinks. I came in the late evening and ordered a linguine dish and it was good. I'm giving it 4/5 stars because the service is AMAZING! It is family run and they are very nice and attentive. They custom made my father's dish just to his specifications. They give plenty of complementary bread and you don't even have to ask them to bring it out, they just do it. I found this strange, but in a good way, they're open 24/7. Wow.
3	Came in late because there is no other 24 hour Italian place I know of. I had the fettucini alfredo with chicken, house salad, and an iced tea for about 25 bucks. Not a bad deal, not the best one either. The sauce could have been cheesier, the chicken, more flavorful. In fact, my buddy claims it's canned and microwaved chicken; i'd say i dont have enough evidence to say for sure. Hey, Italy's got cans and microwaves anyhow, right?I've also had the chicken Carmine here before, not too shabby either. A nice pasta dish that is a change up from standard cream or marinara sauce.If you're coming in late, you'll have to sit at the bar which is not a good idea if you are allergic to cigarette smoke or wannabe experts in surfing/karate. I've been in the dining room before, the service is polite, although slow if it's late.My meals here are never particularly memorable, not necessarily a bad thing.
2	The first thing you notice is that there is a bar that is like a giant aquarium in this well lit, plain little restaurant. Apparently that is how restaurant/bars can get around the new Nevada smoking laws. It did seem that there were smokers in the aquarium, and we, in the restaurant, experienced no smoking related incidents.The staff was chaotic. We had a group of 7 including a toddler. Not the easiest group ever to deal with but...not too bad for an experienced server. We had an inexperienced server, buffered by a busboy and the manager/owner. All together, they made the experience go from bad to not so bad.They have a great selection of microbrew beers as well as corporate domestics. However, our waitress did not know what they were (for example she listed Stone Brewery as one of their beers, when asked what beer it was she had to check...for each of the microbrews on the list). There was also no list of beers. The poor girl had to read all the beers from a list she made herself. I felt kind of bad for her but, I did want a good beer. Ended up getting Lagunitas IPA, a fine beer and the price was not bad.The wine had a similar issue. Which was odd, most Italian places make such a big deal about wine. Again there was no list. When asked what the wines were, the waitress said there was red and white. It felt like I was in the Southeast! Finally the manager realized, sort of, what was happening and explained that they were redoing their wine list and were featuring one red and one white from an extensive collection until they finalized their choices. We ended up with an excellent Chianti at a great price.I have an entire list here on Yelp dedicated to  Chicken Parmigiana sandwiches. I ordered the meal, as I consider myself a connoisseur of them, and got a chicken parmigiana plate over pasta. I enjoy that meal also, so was fine with eating it. However, I did order a sandwich specifically. When I informed the manager of this she happily reapplied the charge for the sandwich instead of the pasta dish. In her place I would have dropped the meal entirely (6 meals, a bottle of wine, two deserts, beers and soft drinks would have been enough for a table0. However, her decision was fine also.I would head back here, largely to see if there was any improvement  with time or to see how hanging out in the bar would be. Apparently they have football on Sundays so perhaps next season.
1	I've come here a few times, but they seem to have dropped the quality of their food dramatically since the new year and it really ruined the experience of dinning here.. Would not recommend!
4	If you are looking for Italian food with an authentic Italian atmosphere, this place isn't for you.  However if you are looking for good Italian food at a decent price, then this place is great.  I've been here about 3 times and the service is always excellent and the food is always very yummy as well.  The portions are also good..  I hate going to Italian food restaurants that give you a small square of Lasagna or small bowl of pasta for 15 bucks.  This place wont look like much from the outside and has a very "Vegas" feel, but don't let that deter you from trying a lunch or dinner from this place.  Another plus is that they have several TVs so  you can watch sporting events.  Seems kind of wacky for an Italian food place, but it is a welcome addition to me.  As long as you don't expect a 5 star Italian food restaurant with an opera singer, you probably wont be disappointed.
4	Service was great.  My traditional Stromboli was really good. The portions were big. But dessert was the best part.  For dessert we had Zeppoles with ice cream!  It was delicious.  Zeppoles are like little donuts and they're brought to the table freshly fried.  light crisp on the outside but soft on the inside.  YumMy friend suggested having a double espresso (which was good) with some lemon peals.  I thought she was nuts but I tried it anyways and it was surprisingly good!  The aroma of the lemon with the espresso made me my mind think that I was having a lemon pound cake with my espresso.  Try it sometime... it's pretty crazy.Overall experience was better than good.  I would love to go back for the Zeppoles!I forgot to mention that there a ton of TVs but they are up high so they are not too much of a distraction for those who are not there to watch sports.
5	Good food, good bar! The bartenders make the place great. Nikki is awesome!
1	Don't use a credit card at this place.  The food was fine and the waitress was nice.  It was my fault for forgetting my credit card there after paying the bill. However, when I got it back the next morning someone at the restaurant had charged $800 of electronics equipment to it.  When I called the restaurant manager to let him know, I barely even got an apology.  The bank is taking care of the fraudulent charges, but Carmine's did not seem to care at all.  This was not our first visit to this restaurant, but if this is how little they value repeat customers, it was definitely our last.  You lost us Carmine's.
3	The only reason this place is getting 3 stars instead of 2, is because I have a history here. I started coming here in 2005 when I worked around the corner. I remember THEN I could add avocado to my house salad, and the calamari looked like baby squids instead of Os. I stopped coming here for a while, then started again in the last 3-4 years since I started dating a foodie and exploring more. One of the first things I notice was no avocado. Clearly it had been gone a while when the waitress said they've never had it.  However I did find out about shrimp on a stone. A hot sizzling stone with shrimp and lemon. I fell in love. Then I fell harder when my waitress suggest I order it blackened/Cajun style. Almost every time I eat this, I hear the people around me say "oooh what is that she ordered?" A must at this restaurant that's what it is. I've ordered numerous entrees: chicken picatta, Greek salad, chicken salad sandwich, their specialty sandwich, wings, fingers, raviolis. I guess I'm just over it. Other than the shrimp, NOTHING amazes me. And it's not always consistent. I've had my Greek salad be wonderful, I've had it underdressed and bland. I've had picatta that was zesty and moist, then had it over cooked and dry. I WANT to like this place but when it comes down to it, it isn't good authentic Italian. Basically place your bets if you dine here. Will it be good? Maybe. Will it suck? Possibly. I want to note, I've never had bad service. Today while dining, the waitress seen we were drooling and brought us house bread ASAP. If these guys would spend a little bit more time training their cooks to be the same, and spent a little more moola on ingredients- they'd have me as a regular no doubt!
5	Love it here!!! Late night eats for the hubby & I !!! Great Happy hour specials !!!
5	I actually followed a bartender to find carmines when she left her last job.  I consider the staff my friends and they always have a fun and possitive attitude.  Caitlin is the bomb!  Their food is great too!  As i write this i am craving their shrimp on a stone.  I can hear the sizzle now thinking about it.
3	I know this place is a neighborhood comfy-food kind of place, as evidenced by the seniors who frequent this place.  But for a Saturday evening, not a lot of diners.  The employees were really nice, which is why I'm giving 3 stars, but if you're a bonafide "foodie", you know there's much better Italian food to be had elsewhere.
5	Always a great environment and amazing food!! Shrimp Scampi Pizza, Wings, and Stromboli...Thank you, Amy (Bartender)!
2	Gross.  I was here with coworkers and we should have known it wasnt going to be good by the name.  I ordered the Chopped salad and the sausage pizza.  The salad was fair but the pizza a terrible.  The service was good from Eddy
5	Always wonderful food at a reasonable price. Graveyard is preferable with my schedule, and Cory is the best bartender I've come across. A+
3	Enjoyed a Sunday afternoon dinner at Carmine's. Ordered the shrimp scampi pizza - was very yummy! Only drawback to it was the scampi sauce was a little thick.  Fairly reasonably priced. Service was very good! I think three different people came over to help out, refill drinks, give us to go boxes, etc.  Only 3 stars because the windows between the dining room and the bar were apparently being replaced and thus covered with plastic and not conducive to a terrific dining atmosphere, but otherwise would probably be 4 stars. Will be back sometime.
5	While staying in Henderson for the week, we were getting a bit tired of the same restaurant foods; buffets, burgers, etc. Decided to try Carmine's and we were not disappointed! Service was awesome, prices were reasonable and the food was delicious!! The portion sizes were huge and none of us left hungry. Highly recommended!
2	Came here to watch football on a Sunday. The bar was packed and the service was excellent. The bar is in the center of a large room with the tvs on the walls. They are pretty far from the bar itself which making viewing discomforting. There is areas against the wall with couches but don't expect to see any of the games from here.  There are many other places to go that have a better atmosphere and better food. I have tried a few menu items at Carmine's but nothing is that outstanding.
5	The food is delicious! The bartenders,and the atmosphere is great. My favorite is the seafood pizza.
1	Had an early dinner here tonight. First time in here since it was Instant Replay. Had the pizza which was decent, everyone else agreed their meal was decent, what wasn't decent was the service. Our server took our order then wasn't to be found again until our meal was almost done. The runners were the ones bringing our food/drinks. Ordered apple juice for our two year old (which a runner had to come back and let us know they didn't have), then settled on OJ which came in a beer mug, glass, for our two year old....they had a kids menu, but apparently no kid-friendly cups. Since our server wasn't around I had to get up myself to get some condiments. We were brought our appetizer but no plates to eat it on. Service was shoddy. Food and prices weren't so great that we can simply overlook terrible service (our server later came by to ask if she could take the check so she could close out since she was tired and had been there since breakfast). Nice. Fail Carmine! Never again.
4	Pleasantly surprised by Carmine's!  It's not a fancy place by any means, but it's spacious and comfortable with huge booths and plenty of space between tables.  The restaurant and sports bar are separate so the smell of smoke isn't too bad. The service was good.  Not spectacular; not bad... but quick and good. The food was excellent!  We had ravioli and pasta with meat sauce and both were delicious.  The portions were large.  I enjoyed the garlic knots and the house salad, and went all out with the zeppoles for dessert!  I never would have thought of something so simple but delicious - zeppoles a la mode!  One of my favorite desserts ever!  I knock a star off because it just seems a little pricey.  But I'll definitely be coming back for dinner and dessert again very soon.
4	A nice, clean bar/pizza/Italian restaurant. It was completely dead when we went in there on a Tues night, just one rockabilly (with fake boobs of course) bartender/server working. We sat on a couple of couches in front of a cool coffee table that pops up so you don't have to bend down and eat your food (not that I minded). I got a PBR, which was served to me in a glass (not necessary) - PBR is more for guzzlin down on the cheap, not for tasting all the aromatic qualities, but hey we are in Vegas, so everything has to be fancified, even in Henderson. The main reason I gave Carmine's 4 stars instead of 3 was the entree. My spinach/mushroom calzone made with ricotta and mozzarella cheese tasted incredible. It wasn't HUGE; a place I go to in Atlanta makes them so big I always have leftovers even if I'm starving (and at 25% cheaper) bit this calzone was just damn tasty. It came with a saucer of marinara which I promptly added crushed red pepper to. Mmm! I think it was the dough and the ricotta that really did it and they didn't skimp on the fillings. Also, this place is 24 hours, which is always a plus. Woot. :)
1	Buyer beware if your gambling at the bar and you're winning your drinks are not free. Plus I order dinner as well so what I'm saying is the server should warn you that the drinks are not free. I will never go back
2	We have been enjoying the food and service at Carmine's for years.  Carmine's has been apart of many landmark family celebrations. But...last night they dropped the ball. The service was awful.  I don't know what happened to the wait staff since we were there last.  The staff was very young and very inexperienced.  The food was fine but no one checked on us, asked if we needed anything, or offered us desert.  It was not what we were use to.
1	This place was horrible!  The pizza was so bad I had to spit it out... I also ordered the chopped salad, not only was the salad chopped to nothing, the balsamic dressing was not good.
1	We''ve been sitting here at a table in the bar for 30 mins, 2:45 pm. Watched the bartender texting, gabbing, and hugging one of the customers.  She finally took our order.  Only 12 people here.  Seriously crappy service.  We use to love this place.  Would not recommend this now.  The food is still good though.
3	Food is good! Smells a little smoky in the place put pizza is excellent and done just how you order it.  Family feel to the staff and they are very nice!
2	Greatly disappointed after reviewing all the reviews on this page. First of all, it is more pricey then led to believe. Prices too high for the quality of food offered.First indication that there is a problem is bottled ranch dressing on the salad. Not good. Then we ordered pasta dishes. The sauce was almost pure tomatoe with very little seasonings. Meat balls were tender but boring. Will not be back. Service was marginal at best. Had much better at other places.
3	I dont know why but it depends on the cook in the back whether the food is good or not. Got an eggplant parm sandwich (no taste!) and a turkey sandwich. Also have had the stromboli. Very tasty but I had to go home and heat it because the middle was cold! The marinara is give or take...
5	Been here a few times. I always get pizza and it's really really good. Great size for one. The place is kinda awkward but the food is good and that's most important. Always have had a pleasant experience. Will return!
4	Drove to Carmine's today only to discover that they had closed.  Such a huge disappointment, as we loved the food.
5	they are now on horizon ridge and carnagie as carmines pizza kitchen as of last week. same great pizza, small 6 table store.
