4	Spread, spread, spread is what makes the newly renovated buffet at Caesar's phenomenal. The new layout and revamp of menu will give the Bellagio and Wynn a run for their money. Coming in for breakfast, I was impressed. It left me wondering what dinner was bound to feature. Near the entrance, in the morning, the cold bar is stocked with fresh juices. The beautiful display of colors draws the eyes in and my hand started grabbing. Orange, grapefruit, watermelon, and carrot were available for the taking. Fresh fruit and parfaits contain tropical fruits such as starfruit sit above.The next line had many forms of bacon including turkey and three different kinds of pork. Eggs benedict come in a traditional form, but the one using the potato cake was way better. The chiliquiles were soggy since they were constructed ahead of time. The small portions in skillets give the perfect serving of most dishes. The little frying basket of maple tots were drool inducing. Plated servings of regular and red velvet pancakes are placed out as guest take them. Beautiful, the red velvet flavor was not present. Although this concept of single serving goodness is not new, Bacchanal does it much better. Moving on, there was an egg station which would prepare your eggs any way you wish or just pick from the rolls, pizzas, and quiche on display. A whole line was dedicated to bagels, lox, and spread. Some are made in advance, but you could easily make your own. Continue on for the thinly sliced prosciutto and other meats, then comes the cheese selection. At the very end there is an Asian section which includes the dim sum. I was not impressed with this offering. My friend and I paced ourselves because desserts are essential no matter what time it is.Between two of us; we got a blackberry cobbler, four kinds of ice cream, a berries and nutella crepe, and waffles. I used the infused honey near the bread station instead of maple syrup for my waffle and it was magic. For $16.99, you will not find a better deal for breakfast.
5	The ladies and gentlemen at the front are ready to get you into the new buffet. Thy quickly processed my order for an all day pass, which rings up at a hefty $54.99 with a Total Rewards membership card. Be sure to have your card and method payment ready.With already precut crab legs, a fully staffed sushi bar and chefs that interact with you, the $17,000,000 buffet renovation is complete!The food lines wrap around the South wall and to the very back of the restaurant, so don't miss anything.The desserts are on an island of awesome in the front most part of the restaurant. The design is a rectangle with familiar and not so familiar confections. The hard part will be trying to figure out where there's enough room to try them all.I'll definitely be returning to this buffet, it now is able to compete with other fiver star hotel's buffets.
4	WOW!! Very nice!! 17 million dollar newly renovated buffet and it's VERY nice. The decor is quite unique, earthly woods & glassware chandeliers, metal designs, lively music.  The food was very good and I really liked the fact that you can have things made just for you. 9 show kitchens: Mexican, Italian, Chinese, Japanese, American, Seafood, Pizza, Deli, Dessert
5	Best in town.  My wife and I went opening night and had no comlaints.  Price was just under $29 with a players card.  Decent seafood selection with three varieties of crab and two raw oyster selections, plus a tasty oyster shooter.  The brisket was better than most BBQ restaurants in town and the rib eye steak was cooked to a perfect medium rare and had a nice steakhouse char.  Sushi was not great but a good selection.The dolmas were the only item we tried that were a disappointment having undercooked rice and soaked in an overpowering marinade.  There was an abundance of dessert selections including two creme brulee's, creative gelato flavors (which tasted great but were textured more like ice cream than gelato), and many other items that we were too full to try.Things like the charcuterie and cheese selection reminded me of what Wynn used to offer.  A great value at this price!
5	AMAZING! Until last night I told everyone I met that The Wicked Spoon at The Cosmopolitan was the best buffet in town. But no longer. The Bacchanal at Caesars is the new KING of Vegas Buffets. The selection is crazy, everything is fresh and the cooks are knowledgable and friendly. Have the pasta cook make you pesto chicken bow tie pasta....so good! For me, at a buffet, dessert is the deciding factor and this dessert selection is spectacular. Crepes, soufle, creme brulee, gelato (both regular as well as interesting flavors such as watermelon/mint and chocolate aztec), bananas foster, cakes, cookies etc. Finally, the price. Compared to other Vegas buffets it is awesome. During the week with your palyers club card is was $28.99 per person. You can't beat that in Vegas.My only suggestion to Caesars is to train their staff better on the pricing specifics of the buffet. We asked 4 employees (concierge, Player Club and at the Buffet itself) about the prices and if there was a discount for having a players card and everyone gave us a different answer or simply stated 'I don't know" and all 4 were incorrect.Other than that, the place is beautiful and food is amazing. I HIGHLY recommend it!
3	Man, I feel bad that I didn't really enjoy this place that much. It kinda makes me feel like a contrarian but it's my honest opinion.This new buffet is supposed to rival all the other high-end buffets in town such as Bellagio, Wynn, and the M. Although it is definitely not your average buffet, I don't think it's as good as any of the above mentioned ones on their worst days. This buffet didn't have that "wow" factor I was expecting, especially after having that when I first ate at each of those previously mentioned.It was not all bad but I would like to point the things that determined my 3.5 rating:King crab legs were still frozen. Not sure if some of the pieces had been sitting on the ice for too long or if they came out that way. Stone crab legs were dry and bland. Oysters were not that fresh even though I observed some guys shucking them behind the line :-/ Some of the labels were missing and or wrong for the food items and that's just a pet peeve of mine. Sushi and Chinese stations had your usual suspects, nothing that really stood out.Okay enough of the bad, let's talk about the good/must haves:Cheddar broccoli in the American section was the best type of broccoli I have ever had. It was kinda crunchy from being baked, with gooey, greasy cheddar cheese melted on them. Wow. Italian meatballs were perfectly flavored. Sop up the extra marinara with a garlic knot. Prime rib was good, had the nice peppered crust on the outside that I just love. Lamb chops were good, no mint jelly needed. Not gamey at all. Mexican station had this awesome grilled pineapple and jicama salad. Chinese station had a peppered beef with asparagus and dim sum that were pretty good. There was a pho/ramen station that I didn't get to try but I thought it was cool that they offered that. Nutella crepe made to order was yummy and the buttered caramel gelato has to be my new favorite flavor. So rich and buttery, you need to have a drink handy. That sweetness will sit in the back of your throat and tickle if you don't wash it down.Okay, so that was my review. I think everybody should still go check this place out and I hope you all have a wonderful experience if you do. I think I was expecting too much because of my past experiences. Not to mention all the hype about this.
5	Let me just say WOW~ I came for the Dinner last night but was not going to wait in the Hour and 1/2 line So, I came back for Lunch. I was extremely satisfied with the 1/2 hour wait. As much as I hate waiting. First as you walk in for Lunch, you'll see Oysters on the half shell, shrimp, and muscles on the half shell. But that's not what impressed me, it was the freshness of the oysters and the shrimp, it was the best i've had at a buffet ever!Second you'll notice juice in jars, not just any juice, FRESHLY squeezed, OJ, CARROT, APPLE, CUCUMBER, and GRANNY SMITH! yum stuff let me tell you I know my juices very well! My daughter loved the OJ and Carrot Mixed together!Then you move into the seafood steamed and Fish&Chips which were Great! Hot and Good, best at a buffet I've ever had. Also the meat station, the Spicy sausage was great! The Prime Rib was Tender and moist, I went back for seconds, and the Brisket was smoked and tender. Potatoes Mashed were real and not a powder! Grade A there!Stopped at the Mexican Stand and it was tacos and cooked to order Fajitas! You name it they had it in SALSA baby! So much salsa that I only tried the ones I had never had before in my life. And BOY oh BOY were they SPICY and GOOD!!! Now! the Italian Station! Pizza was just amazing, and Fresh, Pasta cooked to order and Even the PHO / RAMEN / UDON / RICE Noodle station cooked to order and the broth was so good. My daughter ate 2 helpings of the pasta! THE SALAD STATION!!!!!!!!!!! was AMAZING!!!!!! I love my greens, but there were not just Greens, they were QUALITY greens, and even Hare-loom Tomatoes with Mozzarella which was just Outstanding. Let me tell you, these were some amazing selections and to many to eat BUMMER my stomach just isn't big enough!The Chinese/Japanese/Korean Station was Above and beyond, with the Tuna Poke salad and the Soba noodles, Curry with even Chicken Satay!!! Dim Sum items and BBQ Ribs! Loved those because they were actually Good~ never find good quality ribs at a Buffet - ever - Getting to the Desert - - - - O. M. G. = = = = REAL WHIP CREAM AT THE CREPE STATION!!!! Amazing again!!! with VANILLA GELATO!!!! with RASPBERRIES AND BLUEBERRIES!! Make your mouth water, IM NOT DONE, Drizzled with CHOCOLATE SAUCE/ or NUTELLA SAUCE.... The little deserts that I am use to getting at other buffets were good, but just selection after selection of quality, I actually felt bad to waste anything! I love the cheese at certain buffets or the meats, but here I paid for Everything in one spot! Will be doing a Dinner one night! It was everything a Buffet should be and was Fine with paying the Over price for it!
4	I ate 'til I hurt.  It hurt good.I came to dinner at 4:30pm on opening day (less than 10 minute wait).  With time, they could iron out a few miss cues, but I will definitely return as it is one of the better buffets for 45 bucks on the 24 hour pass.I wouldn't advise on the all you can drink option, their options of chardonnay and cabernet sauvignon tasted watered down and actually took away from the experience.  I wouldn't drink beer as it's a waste of space from all of their buffet offerings.Asian food was fair - they did have good sesame balls, offered pretty good pho, respectable ramen, with a few misses in their Chinese cuisine.Salad bar is a salad bar, nothing to complain there.I did have an issue with their brisket as it was on the dry side, but was well seasoned.  Best served with their bbq sauce, but nothing to write home about.Their seafood is one of their strongest points as it was served fresh - crab legs, oysters, shrimp and allSliders were savory but were cooked medium, not my preference in temperature.Their desert island was pretty good for the most part.  By then, I was ready to throw in the towel, but their bread pudding and my addition of their baklava flavored gelato finished me off.
4	Outstanding! And I am not a fan of buffets, because I do not believe that anything good in quality can be produced using mess production! Bacchanal is different. Went there out of curiosity . I find Caesars dining options, with exception of Hyakumi, excellent, so decided to check out Bacchanal! Most of the dishes I tried can be easily compared to high end restaurants food on  quality & taste. Duck, lamb chops, roasted chicken.. The list can go on and on. Seafood unfortunately was no different the anywhere else. Frozen, tasteless and very poor quality.     My biggest complain would be the layout of place. It is impossible to walk without bumping into somebody.. Bad idea when you carry hot plates.Over all great place. I just wish it would stay this way. Unfortunately seeing what happen to Wynn, Bellagio, Cosmopolitan,etc. I give them 2-3 months until cost cuts will take place.
5	Definitely stood out from all the buffets in town.. Delicious!
5	Great food I pigged out, it's a great new place to check out, must go!
4	The gf and I hit the re-vamped buffet at Caesar's for lunch.  Regular price is $21.95 but I used a free comp. It's about time the mother ship stepped up it's buffet game !!!   It's quite the spread and to be honest, i need to hit it again soon to get the proper order of all the different cuisines - it wold be very difficult for anyone to try a sample of even 1/2 of what's offered. Started on the one end which was the Asian section - some dim sum items, including soup dumplings, duck, bbq pork, a very tasty aspargus beef dish, noodle soup, rice dishes, etc etc; But - I did not try any of the sush selections ( next time ..)  then a salad bar area which i wisked by rather quickly ( along with the mediterranean section )  especially since there was a cheese area screaming out to me - reggiano and the maytag blue was amazing !  Next was an italian section that included meats/sausage, about four different pastas, pizza ( loved the anchovy topping  ) a cast iron pan filled with tasty meatballs, etc etcturn the corner and i see an interesting collection of mexican foods - my fav was the homemade tortillas with some carnitas. I did not try some of the stews but they looked incredible ( next time ... ) Some of the other highlights - the carving station - the ribs, sasuage, the beef. I didn't try the turkey ( next time ...)next to the carving station were some nice BBQ styled sides - beans, grilled corn, several potato options and the downer of the day - a sorry ass pan of mac and cheese - with all these awesome cheeses on the line , they couldn't make the effort to give us a decent mac and cheese ?!?the seafood section - props for having stone crabs but a pain in the booty to get to da meat !  Lobster corn chowder was amazing.  By the time i hit this station i was so overwelmed i didn't notice if they had king crab which is kinda pathetic on my part because I LOVE KING CRAB ....I'm embarassed.desserts - i didn't come close to giving ths station justice - i was sooo full.  but i did notice the crepe station ( not really my thing ), interesting ice creams - i made a mini banana foster for the gf - she loved it even though the bananas were not fully "carmelized"  - i tried a small scoop of berry cobbler and bread pudding - excellent !  next time, small scoop of ice cream on the cobbler.service was excellent.  space had a nice feel to it.  I'll be back ...very soon, I need to at a minimum, to overcome my poor performance.
5	This is an awesome buffet. We had dinner here and it was great. Line was long and it was getting close to closing time so watch that because they will stop bringing out new food. The chefs work each of their stations so you can ask them about anything they are serving. It's all made right in front of you. Seafood station had nice big shrimp. Crab legs were small and not much meat. The meats were good especially the sliders. Mashed potatoes and fried broccoli with cheese were my favorites. Italian station was Ok. Lots of cut meat and cheese but I didn't try. Japanese station was good with sushi and pepper beef being my favorite. They desserts are amazing. Cheesecake lollipops and the gelato were awesome. We tried the Bellagio buffet the next day for lunch and it doesn't even compare to this one.
5	This buffet was AMAZING. I think I like it better than Wicked Spoon! We went there for lunch (3) and I was surprised they had a fresh seafood station. They had on ice, fresh oysters on a half shell, clams, mussels, and huge cocktail shrimp. That was the first place I went to! The cocktail sauce was amazing as well, I bet it had horse raddish in it or something because some of it was spicy, but it was really good. For their cooked seafood, they had a clam bake, baked halibut, rice with bell peppers, sausage, and clams... sooo good as well as others. I was very pleased with that station because the servers behind the station were ready and waiting to refill whatever as food got low! Not only did they have an awesome seafood station, they had lots of other foods: bbq, mexican, chinese, sushi, cheese, italian, and dessert! I sampled all the other food and it was pretty good, I was still just in love with the seafood station!At the dessert station, they had different types of gelato that you don't normally see, I tasted each of them and they were all very good. They also had a crepe station with a few fresh fruit selections. The servers behind the dessert station were very nice and offering souffles (sp?) right out the over! I'm not a souffle person but that was pretty darn good. They also were caramelizing the crem brulees right there! They had milk chocolate and hazelnut - my brother got chocolate, he liked it and I got hazenut which was good. They had a chocolate cake that was awesome as well!After eating we had coffee which had a great flavor. Our server was very kind and sweet to us. We asked for ketchup for waffle fries and when she couldn't find anyone, she got the manager to hunt it down for us.. wow! She was pretty good at taking our dishes and not leaving us with a table full of them!All in all, it was a great experience, awesome to be one of first people to eat at the buffet! If you're going to Vegas, the Bacchanal Buffet is a definite must!!
5	Caesar Palace finally stepped up to the plate and opened up the buffet up to meet their standards. We went on Opening Day (9-11-12) around 10am and we were told they hit max capacity and will re-open for lunch. We waited in line for them to re-open at 11am, but  many people were cutting in line. There was only 8 groups in front of us, the Bacchanal wasn't going to fill up...so we didn't care too much. Regular price for lunch was $21.95. We were seated in the glass room. Bacchanal transform their buffet area into three different theme room: steel, wood and glass and they were beautiful. The staff and service was awesome. Even the staff that were serving us over the counter, they kept asking if we wanted anything else. They were ready to do anything. The food spread was massive, it kept going and going. There was so much food and so many cuisines to try... I end up stuffing myself and didn't try everything. The food portion was serve similar to Wicked spoon with individual portion size. Even though its in individual plates, some portion was a little too much for myself.I started in the seafood area, we cocktail shrimp, oysters, clams, oyster shooters, then the fish- halibut and salmon grilled, chowder, crab cakes (YUM!). Asian area: dim sum, hot & sour soup, miso soup, duck, bbq pork, sesame ball, potstickers, stir fried veggies, fried rice, chow mein, orange chicken, korean bbq, grilled chicken, sushi and more...Italian area have many different types of pasta: lasagna, spaghetti,  variety of pizza, bread and cheese area, cold meat area, salads, and of course a Mexican area with tortillas, carnitas, homemade salsa, beans, and more. Carving station have lots of different types of meats: sausages, beef, ribs, turkey. I really like the hot link. Also the dessert station was awesome. They have a variety of cookies, cupcakes, cakes, pies, cheesecake, ice cream/gelato and fruit. After all the food we stuff into our stomach, we had cups of coffee. The coffee was flavorful, it wasn't like diluted water. Everything was great and so delicious. I totally would recommend this place to everyone and I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas, especially for dinner to try the other seafood they will have.
3	The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly; Bucchanal Buffet, Cesars PaIace,  I went to the Bucchanal Buffet yesterday as a treat from my girlfriend as a birthday gift.  We had heard that it had newly opened, and was attempting to be the best in Vegas.  So, to start out, The Good; Great variety, and probably the most variety of any buffet in Vegas.  Asian (Chinese and Japanese), Italian, Mexican, American, Seafood, and desserts.  The Bad;  Terrible wait.  We waited about 2 1/2 hours.  Service was mediocre.  I had to ask for creamer for my coffee three times over ten minutes from the same server.  The food was good, not very good, not great, just good.  I tried the Chinese food, Japanese food, American food, and seafood.    The Chinese food was probably the best of what I tried.  The sushi, once again was just good.  Likely not as good as a good Japanese restaurant in any major city.  I had their snow crab legs, and they were good, but not as sweet and juicy as the ones I had a couple weeks earlier in the Bellagio buffet.  The prime rib was also good, but not as good as what I have had at the Wynn buffet.  Now the Ugly:  Part of the reason that the wait was so horrendous was that the management lets their rewards program Diamond members stand in a separate line.  They then pretty much hold the regular buffet line at a stand still while they allow the rewards member line to go.   I am really a free market kind of guy, and think that a business can implement whatever policy they want.  BUT, it is one thing to allow their awards members a quicker line, but just to give you an idea, I would guess the average wait for the rewards member was 10 mins compared to our 150 minute wait.  In my opinion they should have a dedicated line for their rewards members which is faster than that for non reward members, but it seems overkill for the rewards members to totally monopolize the buffet, while the non members cannot gain access.  In conclusion, would I go back to the Bacchanal Buffet?  NO WAY at a wait over an hour let alone 2 1/2 hours.
5	Wow. Only just opened - I managed to make the opening day. Friendly staff, fresh food, masses of choice and comfortable seats! Excellent - all for $20?!?!
2	Food is good but it's a long wait on Saturday.  Also some people in our group were upset over 18% tip charge for large party at a buffet.  Again food is good but you also pay for good service and a wonderful time and having people upset over tip issues takes away from the experience.  If service merits 18% at buffet, no one would have cared.   But service not that great.  Probably will not return.  There are much better places for $40 a person with full service where 18% or more gratuity is well deserved.   If you are a small group the tip issue is of no concern.
4	the food was AMAZING at this buffet!  It took us almost 2 hours to get in, but the food was definitely worth the wait. Everything we ate was of quality... Our favorite was the peking duck, char siu pork, and clam chowder.  OH, and the desserts were amazing!! They have my favorite french macarons!!! The reason I gave it a 4 star vs 5 is because some of the food did not have labels on them, so I didnt know what some things were.... and because it was soooo busy, people were making a mess around the food.... they should have someone go around from time to time to check the areas. Other than that, everything was awesome! We will definitely be back :)
5	This buffet is fantastic!  It's better than Wicked Spoon, Wynn, and Aria.  The decor was great becacuse you could sit in 3 sections-metal, glass, wood.  I sat in the metal area with arm chairs and the chair was so comfortable.  I had a great time waiting in line for 2 hours to eat the dinner buffet.  It was fun chatting with people in front and back of me.  Show your Total rewards card and you will get $3.00 off.  Great deal!  I paid $36.99 for dinner buffet.There were 7 sections-Asian w/dim sum, duck, pho bar, Italitan-pizza, meatballs, pasta, garlic knot bread, Mexican-salsas, homemade tortillas, carne asada, tamales, American-prime rib, chicken, sausages, fried chicken w/fries in basket, fish w/fries, salmon, Seafood-crab legs, shrimp, oysters, Japanese-Udon, sushi, rice, Desserts-gelato, macaroonscookies in a cup, cakes, mini cupcakes, Deli-cheese and slices of deli meat.  Highlights-dim sum, duck, pizza, carne asada, prime rib, crab legs, desserts.  The staff was great especially behind the dessert bar and servers who refill my drinks.  I will definitely go back again.  I can't wait.
5	This is the most spectacular buffet I have been to, well worth the $35 I paid for brunch. As a big fan of Mexican food, I was impressed with the Mexican food station. There were freshly-made corn tortillas, and the carnitas were top-notch. All the accompaniments were well-prepared. There were many salsas to choose from, all of which were excellent.The other stations looked excellent too but I only sampled a small number of things. The dim sum was good, the sushi was just so-so, with paltry helpings of fish in rolls; no nigiri. There was a charcuterie display that had delicious sliced salami and so forth. There were a selection of fresh juices, probably 8 or 10 different ones, but they weren't labeled. I just picked a red one and it turned out to be watermelon, which was delicious. I later learned that I should have just asked what they all were, because when I got to the dessert island, there were a bunch of unlabeled tiny plated desserts. They all looked delicious, but I wanted to know what they were. I asked the nice young lady behind the counter and she very graciously told me the name of each item I pointed out. After I pointed out and asked about 3 or 4 I realized she was going to be patient enough to tell me what they all were, so I asked to her to name them all. She seemed honestly pleased to take the time to explain every one to me. She also offered me a tiny souffle that was just coming out of the oven. A different young lady who made me a crepe was also really friendly and helpful. A chef walked by while she was making my crepe and asked her to wipe off the top of the counter when she had a chance. She smiled and nodded, and said "yes, chef". The space itself was absolutely gorgeous; one of the finest dining rooms I have ever had the pleasure to dine in. We dined in the wood section and there lots of nice subtle details that added up to make the expense obvious. My only complaints have to do with things that were not the food:(1) It was slightly difficult to navigate from the table back to the buffet areas. At one point I found myself squeezing between the chair occupied by an obvious buffet-lover and a wooden partition. I'm not sure how that happened but more obvious aisleways in the dining area would have helped.(2) There just weren't enough labels for the food. Once I figured out I could ask and the staff would be gracious enough to explain everything, it was fine, but I'm sure there were lots of things I would have loved to sample if I had just known what they were.(3) The only bathroom was outside the entrance and woefully undersized for a buffet that seats hundreds of people. After tiring of waiting for a stall, I went in search of another bathroom elsewhere in Caesar's Palace. I found a nearly empty one near the main lobby that was three times the size of the one near the buffet, but it was a long hike there and back.
5	We went for the dinner buffet after already going to several on the strip and this place blew us away. Amazing. Pure quality. Don't even bother going anywhere else this is the place to get the most amazing buffet. Everything I ate was of a very high standard and I would recommend this place to anyone. The service was very very good. Definitely the best I've had at a Las Vegas buffet and probably in all of Vegas. I cannot even begin to say how impressed I was. I would give this place six stars if I could. MUST GO!!!
5	Look, if you're reading this, you've already proven that you hold a degree in advanced eating techniques. Who reads up about buffets but people who enjoy eating? With that said, there is a difference between people who want to gorge themselves with whatever they teeth may fall on, and those who want nothing but quality. The latter people should continue reading from this point on. Bacchanal Buffet has been the talk of the town for a bit now, and when it finally opened up on September 11, 2012, it did not fail to impress the masses. I actually got to enjoy it on its first Saturday at dinner. First, the line was long. But not as long as I have waited at the "M" buffet on a couple of occasions. It can only get better..or worse as word spreads about Bacchanal.Second, the service. Let's get this out of the way now. It's week one, and it was a weak one. But I can only imagine it will right itself out with time, so no biggie there, and no stars lost.Third, the food. Come on... I don't have to tell you what to expect. Look at the photos. Look at the reviews. It says it all! Ok fine, I'll tell you the two things that totally blew my mind. First up, the crab. Wherever you go, you had a herd of people, that goes and triages through the freaking crab legs to grab the claws and nothing but the claws. Bunch of vultures discarding pieces to the side to find the elusive claw. And then they leave. With all the claws. What the f.....BUT Bacchanal fixes that problem and offers claws by themselves. That's right. BY THEMSELVES. But holdup! They are already pre cracked and take absolutely no effort to eat. The second thing that blew my mind...crap I forgot, I ate everything and then fell into a food coma.The end.
2	Totally overhyped!!!!!Good Buffet so far but let me Tell you we went to few openings wynn, cosmopolitan & every Buffet was good when they opened but After few Weeks prices went up quality down very sad& Bad. :-(The line for Lunch was about 1 Hour on a monday. Was it worth the wait. No maybe i m Not sure :-(. Cashier: omg sloooooooooowwwwww as hell they are Not Even friendly. Hello we waited 1 Hour so just give us a smile GirlHost: ok. Didnt explained anything. :-( just seated us. Its a New Buffet i expect more Motivation.  Food: Good choices i loved the Pasta. The Guy was so nice & helpFullDesserts were excellent. But wicked Spoon s gelato is betterEverything was Good Not excellent. Most of the stuff was cold. Decor & ambiance: nice very nice contemporary. Waiter: very very nice George i think????Girls @ the desserts so nice & patient. All in all Price was ok for now. Who knows they will maybe change it soon? 48$ Lunch for 2 with the Reaards Card, Quality was Good but This is how it is when Buffets  just Open.  fresh squeezed oj. ;-)Why only 2 *? Almost None of the Things were labeled. I Really like to know what i m Putting on my Plate, Waiting Time 1 hour is too Long when just 1 cashier is staying there, the others were not existing  ;-( restrooms Not existing inside or Maybe i missed it???!Nobody knows the prices???? They are Not Even Written outside. Why is it such a Big Secret????All in all if they Improve& Hold the quality i will try it again.
5	I've never been impressed with buffets in the past but after going to Bacchanal, that has certainly changed! The beautiful decor and themed rooms make you forget that you're in a buffet and the spread was just amazing.I stopped at the seafood bar first for some oysters and crab legs. This is the only place I've been to where they not only steam the crab right there for you but they also take the work out of cracking them! They aren't stingy with the serving either as they piled enough crab legs on my plate to feed a small army..I loved it :)Next I hit the carving station which did not disappoint. I had prime rib and lamb chops and both were to die for. Everything was tender and flavorful and I ended up going back for a second helping. The Mexican station was definitely my favorite and I was impressed to see them making tortillas from scratch. The carne asada and carnitas were great and I loved that the guacamole was fresh. There must have been 15 or more salsas to try and I couldn't get enough. I'll just tell you that if you skip the dessert station - you're a fool! They have made-to-order crepes with anything you could possibly want as a topping and the chocolate cake is a must.Bottom line - GO! So many fresh, made from scratch selections and the staff were excellent. Top notch service along with the food.
5	Amazing amazing amazing! Couldnt tell you how pretty the decor is! I am ususally not a big fan of buffet, but this place is a must try! there are 12 live cook stations. from italian, to japanese, to live seafood. their desert station is probably the best in the entire buffet! BEST BUFFET in town!!!
4	From a food perspective....  the meats were awesome.  Prime rib?  boo yah dawgie dawg.Asian food was pretty good for buffet style.   The sushi rice was packed in although I think their mixture for making sticky rice was a little tooooo sticky since the rolls would clump together.  Sushi in general fine although not as good in choice as sushi buffets but made up in the plating and a few choice things that you usually can't get in buffets like temaki rolls.They actually made a go at soup dumplings which I was definitely interested in.  It's by no means Din Tai Fung, but they were pretty yummy considering.  I think they packed them in little tin foil platters just so they could hold the warmth that's needed and have a little of the soup in them.Didn't have the crab legs, but I will say that pre-cut crab legs are a good idea in theory, but less great in reality.   It's still hard to crack without a nutcracker.You can actually make things to order which is definitely a HUGE plus for this place.Also, a huge miss for most buffet goers was the special salads (watermelon and feta cheese) and the prosciutto.   I think that in general it scares the general populace because it's different from what you expect in a buffet.Damned good coffee.  That's all you can really say about that.Desserts looked awesome.  I can't really say how they tasted since I'm not a big fan of desserts in general.Service was excellent and the logistics of opening a place like that has got to be a nightmare.   So I was happy to see that drinks were taken care of and waiters were always on top of their game.   Curious to see if 6 months to a year from now, if that would still be the case.Overall, it's a great buffet to check out.  Not sure if it's the best in the world, but for sure it's unique enough to contend.
4	I was not disappointed with this buffet!We approached the restaurant around a quarter to 4, we were able to walk up to the cashier. Grace greeted us with a warm hello and rung us up for $75 dinner. Our hostess lead us to our table and within 30 seconds, Alvaro came to get our drink order. I like to stick with water as anything else just adds to making me full even faster. Alvaro suggested we start with the seafood as it wouldn't fill us up so quickly. The selections included King crab legs, stone crabs, mussels, oysters and shrimp cocktail. They had tapas of shrimp and grits which were quite delish!As the day went on, I found myself getting up 6 other times which I didn't mind at all. After all, I will go above and beyond for my favorite activity, eating.I can't wait to go back for Brunch as they serve Chinese donuts! I just have to give myself some time before having that much to eat again. I suggest if you do plan to go for dinner, go before 4:30 to beat the huge dinner crowd. I for one am not patient enough to wait in 2 hour lines, now matter how good the food may be.
5	I went on a weekday. Dinner was $31.99 with a players card, $34.99 without a players card. I'm sure it's more on weekends. I don't know how much more. I got there before the dinner rush. The wait wasn't too bad, maybe 30 minutes? Friendly service with a smile from all the staff-cashier, hostess, server, everyone.Fat pre-cut king crab legs, mussels, oysters, shrimp, stone crab. Meat galore for you carnivores-prime rib, lamb chops, brisket, pork, etc.  I didn't get a chance to taste all the seafood and meats though. I pigged out -oyster shooter, seafood paella, seafood gazpacho, ahi poke, bacon corn lobster chowder, truffled cheesy potatoes, etc.  They also have charcuterie.The dessert selection is :O!!! They make crepes for you-banana, strawberry, whipped cream and nutella and they have unique desserts the other buffets in Vegas don't have-warm chocolate chip cookie. *drool*My only regret is after reading the reviews on here, looks like I missed a lot of good stuff. I'll have to make up for it on my next trip. I don't want to go back to any other buffet in Vegas after going to this one! Best buffet in Vegas by far!
4	Bacchanal Buffet is definitely raising the bar high for all other competitors.  It is on another level.   I just hope they are able to sustain the service and quality as I've often seen buffets gradually decline with time.  I would easily rank it higher than Wicked Spoon which I feel is overrated....probably along the lines of Wynn. The food was ridiculously good.   The lamb chops were cooked perfectly - medium rare to medium.   All of the food stations had general favorites along with more authentic options.   At the asian line, they have a Pho and Ramen station where they serve Ramen from Monta.  It didn't taste on the same level as Monta, but with over 500 items, we're knit picking.I enjoyed the Italian station where they had a pasta station where you can choose your pasta and sauce.  I went with the bolognese which was delish.  The biggest star of the show has to be the seafood line or at least if you're basing by lines.   My advice is to grab a first plate of food to get the first excitement out of the way.  Then make your way to the seafood line for the wait.   You can bring a fork with you too so when you first make your way through the hot seafood items, you can snack on the halibut, salmon, crab croquette, lobster corn chowder.  People may give you weird looks and judge you, but it's only because they weren't genius enough to come up with the idea themselves.   When you make your way around the L-shape towards the STONE CRAB and KING CRAB LEGS, don't forget to ask the cooks to heat them up if that's how u roll.Save room for desserts!  I enjoyed the tiramisu and the eclectic sorbet with flavors such as Watermelon Mint and Mango Chile Lime.
5	FINALLY, Caesars is getting its act together! It has always been my #1 favorite hotel in Vegas, but the truth was it was getting pretty dumpy...and basically coasting on its legendary name. Thankfully, hotel brass is now on a mission to make Caesars a 5-star resort, which includes revamping customer service, renovating rooms, and replacing the SAD, nasty-ass old buffet with this fabulous masterpiece!The name hearkens back to Caesars' old Bacchanal restaurant, the legendary scene of many a debauched meal partaken by fat plutocrats reclined on pillows, Wine Goddesses pouring the finest booze down their gullets. This being 2012, they toned down the excess just a TAD...so no more pillows, and no more Wine Goddesses...but in every other respect, this place is a true bacchanal! All that's missing is a vomitorium -- for now, you'll have to make do with discreetly puking into the potted plants.You'll most definitely want to puke when visiting this buffet -- there's SO MUCH EXCELLENT FOOD, there's no way you can try everything without doing so. The chefs behind the Bacchanal visited every single buffet in Vegas (EVERY SINGLE ONE...even the crappy Arizona Charlie's ones, LOL) to suss out the competition...and then they proceeded to design a buffet that kicks every other buffet in town's ass -- hands down!! Even the vaunted M Resort Buffet!!! First off, beer and wine are included with dinner -- and whatever wine they pour is pretty damn good, so drink up! The selection of food is GREAT -- a fantastic sushi/sashimi spread, dim sum, tons of Asian salads and oddities. Plenty of glistening roasted animals hanging on hooks, waiting to be sliced up and gobbled down by salivating patrons. Fantastic salad bar, with fancy hi-class accouterments. FABULOUS charcuterie, with stinky cheeses and a variety of cured meats and dried fruits. Artisanal honey straight from a proudly displayed honeycomb -- with different spices, like star anise and vanilla bean, added to the various jars (the honey pairs GREAT with the Stilton bleu cheese). Hand-made tortillas at the Mexican station...individual baked lasagnas and zitis at the Italian station...a GINORMOUS seafood selection with every sort of shellfish imaginable, and a fine spread of greasy, lard-assed "comfort food" for the Amurricans in the house. My only complaint is that their middle Eastern selection is limited to hummus, tabbouleh, couscous and dolmades...and there is no Indian selection. But seriously, I couldn't fit any more anyway, so I forgive them! Oh, and the desserts are fabulous and WAY more varied than at other buffets -- it was like Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory! I'd never tried a REAL marshmallow before...and I'm here to tell you, THEY ARE DELICIOUS! The decor is clean and modern, with lots of classy food-as-art design flourishes. The background music is modern and the perfect tempo for eating -- fast enough to keep you pushing on through your miserable fullness, yet mellow enough to allow for a relaxed feeling.There is a large private dining room in the back, perfect for wedding receptions or private high-roller parties -- in fact, the room includes an 80" TV and will soon feature a karaoke system for those krazy hi-rolling Asian parties! I can't *WAIT* to get invited to (or crash) one of THOSE!!!Ugh, I can't write about this anymore because I am still reeling from my visit, and just threw up a little in my mouth. But take it from me -- this is a GREAT buffet!!! Its fabulous vibe of excess and decadence fit in perfectly with the whole Roman Empire shtick at Caesars...so if you really want to experience the glory and bounty of America, head here at once. You won't regret it!
5	Absolutely delicious all the way around.  Normally when you go to a buffet there are maybe 2-3 items that are legitimately good.  The rest are just ok but you're happy because of the variety and unlimited volume.This place?  Man....there were at least 5 spectacular items and the rest were legitimately good.  Basically, the average dishes here were as good as the best dishes at place like Wynn and Bellagio.  If you compare them to the cheaper buffets in towns then EVERYTHING at Caesars is better than anything you get at those buffets.Lamb chops were ridiculously good.  That was probably the highlight.  The bread was the same stuff they serve at Caesar's best restaurant (Guy Savoy).  And a lot of the things were cooked fresh right in front of you.  There was even Ramen and Pho.  Just an insane buffet and highly recommended.  I hope they keep the quality up!
5	My goodness I have found seriously the BEST buffet in the world, EVER! When I heard about this new buffet, I was a little weary of holding it as high as it positioned itself to be. I have NOT been to the old buffet so I don't have it as a backdrop for comparison, but I have been to a few "best" Vegas buffets around. I sat down and ate my butt off the 4th day it opened so energy was high, lines were long, and food was as perfect as ever.I came around lunch time (12pm) and waited for about an hour until I reached the cash register. I can definitely say that it was worth the wait. The decor was very modern, simple, clean, and elegant. First, while our hostess was leading us to our table, she quickly introduced us to where the food stations were starting off with seafood, American, Mexican, Italian, Japanese, Chinese, and DESSERTS! There is seriously no SINGLE "best" dish... because ALL of them were DELICIOUS. High in quality and excellent in culinary skills. I tried to taste ALL that was out, but I failed... there's too much variety within my stomach space and time frame. Some highlights of mine were the lobster corn shower, salmon nigiri, PRIME RIB (wow, prime rib has never tasted so good in buffets - seriously a high class restaurant taste and quality), beef brisket, and their dim sum! (who would think that dim sum at a buffet ACTUALLY tastes authentic and delicious???) Also notable was a noodle station where you actually order upon request...The REAL treat here was the desserts. The desserts have its own separate station away from the food and also have a gelato and crepe station. The desserts were immaculate. Every bite of the macarons, mousse cakes, creme brulee, cheesecake, tiramisu... everything was just delicious. I find it extremely difficult just picking out one favorite. It's impossible!I don't know if it's because Bacchanal is a new buffet that it is absolutely perfect and delicious, or it just may have raised the standards for all the buffets out there. Words just can't describe the experience I had here with my taste buds. Forget the night life in Vegas, I'm coming back here just for this buffet!
4	This place was amazing! I had been follow the construction and makeover and was so excited it was going to open right before I got to Vegas.We waited about an hour and a half to get in for dinner right during prime time. There were lots of empty tables so I'm not quite sure what the hold up was there, but at this point I didn't really care. Once we were about half way through line it moved pretty fast. The individual stations are great and the chefs are super friendly! They all welcome you and will answer any questions you have about any of the food. I loved the chef at the pho/ramen station! The pho was pretty good although I would have liked some red chili sauce to put in it. I didn't see any, but I didn't look to hard. I figured it should have been right there. The seafood station was good, big hold up with getting your crab legs warmed up. Love that they offer it but need to ask people to move to the side and wait. The rest of  the seafood area was pretty good. The clam bake in a bucket was cute! The shrimp and grits was good as well...but...not like mama makes it. The sauce on top just sorta tasted like chili to me.The Italian section was one of my favs! The sliced meats and cheese were fantastic. I read a comment somewhere that its nice they offer more high end meats and cheeses at a buffet but will anyone eat them?? yes this girl right here. It is all right by some of the fresh bread and it's just begging you to make a little sandwich with some olive oil drizzled on it. The honeycomb was right here as well, although I didn't try it, the presentation was amazing. Oh and don't forget to try the Caprese Salad that is in this area too!! I saw the individual portions of baked ziti and lasagna...I wasn't to impressed. It tasted good but was sorta hard and chewy in some places, I could tell it had sat some.Lastly...desserts. Over all they were awesome. Warm chocolate chip cookie in a little bowl was super good. The chef made sure to give me one from her tray she took out of the oven, not the ones that had already been sitting there. The vanilla souffle was PERFECT. I really suggest the Aztec chocolate ice cream. Its got some red pepper in it, and give the perfect little zing to the ice cream. I wasn't to impressed by some of the things just sitting out, like cookies in a jar or bowl, and the Madeline I tried was hard, I didnt even eat it (and i love them).\I was a little turned off by some of the items sitting out when all I had heard was everything was made fresh in individual portions. If you are going to do that, you have to throw the bad stuff sometimes. If not for that, 4 1/2 stars. Im taking off another half for the asian section. It was a little... dysfunctional. All the condiments seemed just sort of, thrown out and not by the main dish it needed to be served it. I LOVE me some asian food, and all I sprung for was the Pho. A little more organization is needed I guess.Over all I would love to go back and try everything I didn't get to. Take your time looking and make a game plan. and pace yourself. There are lots of hidden little things here you can easily pass up, like the fresh breads and the Honey.
5	One word amazing! Definitely worth 24.99... 9 food stations over 500+ dishes, super fresh sea food selection and the desert divine! OMG the fresh squeezed jucies wow best ever. Prime Rib melts in your mouth and the oyster tasted like they just shucked them straight from the ocean!Decor very tasteful & modernService ~ Nancy was Awesome thank you!
5	Ah, another good 'ol Friday night in Vegas.  The clinging smell of cigarette smoke as you stroll through the crowd of patrons trying their luck...The incessant beeps and chimes of slots machines echoing near and far...And of course the lovely parade of scantily-clad ladies on their way to the clubs.Yes it was another glorious night in Sin City.  But amongst all the debaucheries I could've indulged in, I decided to partake in stuffing my face at Caesar's revamped ($17,000,000 that is) Bacchanal Buffet.HANDS DOWN THE BEST BUFFET ON THE STRIP!!  We all know that Vegas is central to providing some of the best of the best restaurants in the world.  There is a tremendous amount of expectation and high standards to land an eatery on the strip, and Bacchanal did not disappoint.The food was superb and deserves that distinction in every sense.  Normally you would think of a buffet as serving sub-par, dried-out food that has been sitting under the heat lamp for hours.  Not only that, they've been prodded and molested by the hands of god knows how many people.  But not this one. No no no.  This was the epitome of all buffets.  Everything was served amazingly fresh with the utmost quality.  And from over 500 choices to choose from, that's saying a lot.I swear Caesars hired a chef from every corner of the world because the variety of food to choose from was unreal.  From dim-sum tapas to freshly steamed crab legs, there was something for everybody.  Cheesy I know.  And speaking of cheese, there also was a cheese bar...and yes you can "wine" all you want.On top of the usual menu items like prime rib, soups, and salads, they also had various stations where you can request freshly-made entrees.  I confess I have a fetish for pork ramen, and when I came to find out they make it to order with the ingredients I choose, I actually came ;) figuratively that is. Ahem.The highlight of everything, in my opinion, has to be the dessert bar.  Let's face it, we've all eaten at a buffet to the point of throwing up and yet still find room for dessert.  Now look in the mirror and say it with me, "I'm a fatty".  There are your usual pastries and puddings, but what was really astounding was their very own gelato and crepes bar.  I particularly fell in love with their cheesecake lollipops, especially the cookies and cream one.  Think of a cheesecake on a stick, encrusted with smooth white chocolate, topped with crispy dippin-dots style Oreo cookie crumbles. Good lord...The buffet was also surprisingly clean.  I went on the 5th day since it opened so I guess that isn't really saying much, but the service counters (referencing to the aforementioned molestation by many hands) were spotless!  Not one spill mark or greasy tongs; there were waiters on stand-by to clean these up as soon as they occur.  I guess in Caesar's Palace, cleanliness IS next to godliness. Service was beyond anything I have ever experienced.  The staff was super friendly and extremely attentive; not one damn detail overlooked.  Drinks were refilled in a flash, requests were greeted with a smile and followed-through with great attention.  We had an amazing waiter, whose name I forgot as I was too busy being a glutton.  He even went to the extent of grabbing bottles of different sauces because we didn't know where to find them.  When he said "I'm gonna be taking good care of you", he wasn't messing around.  I can honestly say that this was the best service I have ever gotten at any restaurant.  I tried to catch a glimpse of his name tag to honorably mention him but the man was so dedicated to providing excellent service that he never stood still.  Bless you, good sir.  You were the Alfred to my Batman.Bacchanal is truly like no other buffet experience.  If you're on the strip and the borborygmus hits (hopefully only because of hunger), definitely check this place out.  This is THE buffet where you can truly dine like the gods.
5	I waited in line for 2 long hours.  Was it worth it?  HELL YEAH!  The buffet is ridiculous.  It has the same concept and feel as the wicked spoon @ the cosmo but the food is way better.  I recommend trying this place soon before it goes to shit.  They are just trying to hype it up.  The amount of food they have is insane.  But I'd rather have less selections and more variety.  It will be hard to try everything in the buffet unless u are fatter than me.  The best thing I ate that night was the tomohawk rib eye chop!  What barffet carries a rib chop? This one fatties.  It was delicious.  I went to carnevino the next night and this steak was way better and 1/3 the price.  Fock i am hungry
5	Best buffet in all las Vegas the crab legs gigantic prawns fresh made tortillas  on the Mexican station simple the best
5	Can you say fresh, innovative, gourmet  and authentic for a buffet? Yes you can at Bacchanal! Starting with the handmade corn cakes topped with posole, la crema and your choice of at least 10 different homemade salsas, some 20 bottles of specialty hot sauces, and a side of spicy cactus and jicama salad, for a minute I thought I was in a Mexican restaurant. That is until I hit the Asian section with delectable dim sum, stir-fries, poki and dragon roll sushi! Accept then I saw the fried chicken and sliders, carved rib eye, prime rib and sausages in the American section.To the point, each station was like a restaurant unto itself, spouting fresh and unique ingredients without sacrificing original flavor. The decor is modern and inviting, with glass canisters of veggies and spices lining the food stations and colorful glass dividers. I didn't even make it to the fresh seafood section with crab legs, oyster shooters, fresh mussels and shrimp, that I saw on the way out. Did I mention the dessert bar? Oh yes. A must visit experience updated and done right... don't miss it!
4	The BEST buffet I have EVER had in Vegas!  Had I known, I would have eaten only Lamb Chops....total restaurant quality and the star of the show!  The Peking duck with plum sauce wasn't too shabby either!  The Salmon was also enjoyable, and there's more than enough crab legs, oysters, and shrimp to go around,  Went at 4pm Thursday and got right in!  Desserts were great, like the M used to make.  Totally worth it!
5	Being the first grand opening weekend, I was surprised by how many people knew about this place even though they didn't advertise as much. I only found out because one of the girls in our group read it somewhere from USA Today (Food section)! As we got there, the line was already rows and rows filled so we decided to suck it up and wait the 1.5-2hr wait. When we finally got in, we paid the hefty fee of (45$ each) and got seated. We quickly ordered our drinks and ran to the buffet lines to see this "extensive" menu. I couldn't believe my EYES to see SOOO much food available. I made my way towards the seafood area which had snow crab legs to shrimp cocktails and even oysters. After that, I wanted to get some surf & turf so I went to the red meat area which I got my brisket, sausages, prime rib, etc. I thought that would be the end until I saw another room around the corner that had Italian, Asian and even a noodle bar where the chef made fresh Japanese ramen (which is to DIE for and surprisingly very good for a buffet), pho, and udon. This new buffet is literally the land of gluttony and our table was no exception. This buffet did remind me a bit of the Wicked Spoon for their aesthetic designs of their dishes such as their fried chicken and waffle came in vintage baskets and pots. Even after consuming all these savory dishes, we had to try their dessert menu; There's ALWAYS room for dessert! The dessert menu however wasn't as extensive as I thought it would be but they had some delicious gelato selection. The one that stood out the most was their strawberry. It literally tasted like the strawberry gelato that I had in Florence, Italy! It was that comparable. They also had macarons, crepes, assorted candies (swedish fish), and tiny cake pops.My expectations for Vegas buffet are not that high for 1 main reason: Too much different food doesn't equate to good refined food because there's too many different options plus when you mass produce food, you skimp out on quality. But rest assured, this buffet offers QUALITY. I'm just hoping that the quality of the buffet wasn't at its best just because it was the opening weekend. I hope this quality is here to STAY!Another nice plus was that the President of Caesar's sat right behind our table making sure that the buffet was operational at good standards and even greeted our table and introduced himself and bought a round of drinks for us. NOW THAT'S SERVICE!
4	I've only been here via the awesome Yelp event, so I haven't had the experience of the long line... which makes me think that I won't be coming back until the crowd dies down a little (within 6 months or so).  My first critique would be that the buffet is placed quite awkwardly, the lines are definitely causing traffic for people passing by.Second would be the Asian food. The Chinese bbq pork, though the cuts were HUGE, was missing some authentic flavor. All I could taste was honey. Their dimsum was good, except that since they've been out for quite some time they dried up a little bit. The positive thing though is that their Pad Thai tasted great. I know some buffets have attempted featuring this dish and failed miserably. Bacchanal however, did good on this one; it had the right spice level and wasn't mushy in texture. Their sushi was okay. Definitely better than other strip buffets that offers them, yes, but not much variety either. Then again, Bacchanal is not strictly sushi so it's understandable. I've seen some curry somewhere and wanted to try them, but couldn't find a bigger bowl. Have to remind myself to try them next time. I enjoyed the "American" dishes like: scalloped potatoes, prime rib, calamari, sweet potato truffle fries (was the BEST sweet potato fries I've ever tasted), pasta, glazed veggies, etc. I would say that their mini burger sliders was uh-maaay-zing! It was perfectly medium rare, a little salty with melted cheese on top, and buttery buns to tie it all off. Their pasta was al-dente and rightfully sauced (I hate over-sauced pasta, but not dry either). They had flavor, not bland at all. Scalloped potatoes were a little too salty for me. I think it was the breadcrumbs, but I just brushed them aside and tasted the potatoes. I love me some potatoes. Their meat selection was all juicy, melty goodness; but I only had room for the prime rib. It was too rare for my taste, but the part that I did end up eating was delicious. I didn't get the chance to try their seafood, since I eat seafood almost on a daily basis so yeah... skipped those for now. I do plan on trying them on my next visit. Dessert... there are too many good words to say about dessert. Since they have a crepe station I definitely had to try it. I got one with strawberries, REAL whipped cream, and Nutella sauce yum! I wished they'd put the toppings inside instead of on top, but that's just a personal preference. They had so much dessert selection that I was going dizzy (or maybe that was the wine?). I ended up trying their Aztec chocolate gelato, chocolate praline cake, chocolate creme brulee, and various macarons. The gelato was quite interesting. I'm not a big cinnamon fan at all but I devoured that aztec choco like it was the end of the world. It wasn't overly sweet with a hint of spicy kick. Loves it! Chocolate praline cake was so heavenly, I almost cried. If I had an extra stomach, I would definitely grab some more. Choco creme brulee was so-so. Maybe I should have tried the vanilla one instead. To me, the highlight was the french macarons. I grabbed one for each flavor. My favorite was the rose flavored one and green tea flavored macarons. I've never been so impressed over a buffet before. I've been to quite a number already, and honestly it all seems redundant. I'm glad that Caesar's Palace decided to open one that has more to offer than "the usual."
5	Hands down the best buffet I've ever been to. Food was terrific. Fresh and oh so good. Honestly, you'd have to go probably 3 times to truly sample all of the cuisines they have represented here. I've been once and didn't even try the Mexican or Italian (save for one meatball which was fantastic) and barely touched the deserts.It's the seafood and meat station that were the crowd faves, as the lines would show.  Vegetarians, you might want to turn away for a minute...Crab legs, oysters on the half, big succulent shrimp, lamb chops, prime rib, gourmet sausages, brisket, chicken. Gastropub orgasms each and every one.The small plate idea is great, keeps it more intimate, unlike the food troughs of the old days. Speaking of plate, here's the one downside in my opinion: The dinner plates are tucked away in a cutout area below the serving stations....bad idea!! You have to reach between peoples legs to get a plate...or wait patiently while the line recedes enough to get one unobstructed, but you might be there for a while waiting. Just seems like a bad design.It is new and yes it's busy. Expect to wait for entrance. Other than that, muy benito! That's very good for my gringo friends. Cheers
5	Got there at 5 pm on a Friday night and the line moved very quickly.  Only waited 15 minutes not bad at all.  The food was FANTASTIC!  Not your ordinary mass prepared bland buffet food.  Everything we tried was great.  Been to quite a few buffets in Vegas and this was worth the money and the wait.  Your only problem will be where to start.
5	This is officially my favorite buffet in town. We went for a second time and everything that I disliked the first time was improved. They took out the rubbery stone crab (and the need for crab crackers), the King Crab was not super salty anymore. In fact, it was so good and even better when it was steamed. I got to try other items this time such as the made to order taco station. Oh my... fresh hand made tortillas! They also had a ramen/pho station. I tried the pho and the broth was delicious! The dessert station is definitely the star of the show. Their made to order crepe station offers different fruit, toasted almonds, whipped cream, Nutella and more. The French macaroons were so good. They offer different flavors of gelato that I normally don't see in other buffets.Service was much faster this time around. I can't wait to come back and try their breakfast offering!
5	The things that are a must-try in no order is the ramen, lobster corn chowder, prime rib, crepe, souffle, lamb chops, peppered beef, and their fried dishes that come in a basket. The way they designed the buffet and their allocation of foods is perfect!The rest of the dishes are relatively similar to the other buffets in the strip casinos.
5	This is the best buffet I have ever been to in my life!Food: The number of choices is overwhelming, but my personal favorite was the Asian station with the fresh ramen noodle soup. It was remarkably close to Ippudo NY in terms of taste and quality. The variety of dim sum there was a nice authentic touch, and I was very delighted to eat them. The dessert kitchen was my second favorite with the made to order crepes and bananas foster dessert.Atmosphere: Trendy and upscale decor. I loved the furnishings. The tables are also spaced nicely apart so that you can carry on a conversation.Service: The hostesses, kitchen chefs, and cashiers were very nice, but the servers who cleared the tables were terrible. I asked two different servers to refill our water, and they did not. After 10 minutes, I then resorted to getting out of my seat, walking up to a server, and directly asking for water. I also watched a server drop his dishes although he was only carrying three at most. Two servers in my area were also remarkably slow in cleaning up the tables and picking up the empty dishes from the tables. For a $34.99pp buffet (on weekdays), I expect them to pick up my empty dishes more quickly. I noticed the servers in my dining area (close to the cashiers) spent more time chatting up the patrons than actually serving.Bottom line: If I ever visit Las Vegas again, dining at this buffet is a must! I love buffets, and there is nothing like this one. I dream of eating here again. :)
5	5 stars for a buffet, It better be out of this world!  It has to revolutionize buffets as we know it.  Short of serving Unicorn and Dragon meat, Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars Palace delivers.  WOW and do they deliver.  I am going to give you an idea of what they were serving this Saturday night I went and do a little review on the food.As you enter, you see the "modern", fresh clean look of the restaurant.  They have different stations and they actually cook your food, made to order at each station!  The line starts with the seafood.   They have someone that offers to steam your snow crab legs or you can get it off the rack cold.  They have 4 people in the back schucking Oysters and the had a Monster pile of large shrimp.  Curve around the corner you they have small plates of food ready to go (a la Wicked spoon).  Clam bake, Seafood Piaia, boiled shrimp w/head on, Lobster chowder..etc.The next station is the bar b que station.  They were cutting brisket and cowboy bone in steaks.  Chicken and fries, Mac and cheese..etc.We then have an Artisan bread station (which I did not try) and goes to the Mexican Food station.  Fresh made tortillas to order, with Al Pastor cut from the rack!  Amazing Salsa bar.Then it curves around to the italian station with Pizza, pasta, Lasagna, meatballs etc...  Continues to a Cheese and meat station (yes they have a designated section entirely of meat and cheeses.)Continuing down the line to the Salad Station and then the made to order Noodle bar!  They Noodle bar makes Ramen, Wonton noodles, and Pho.  Now to the Asian Section.  they had Amazing Duck (large Large pieces), Char Sui, Moves to Sushi then to Japanese Curry station with Chinese Porridge.If that was not enough, it moves to the Dim sum section (Har Gow, Shui Mai, Sho Long Bai, Lotus wrapped rice, Char Shui Bao etc..)  Then finally to the Asian noodle section (Pad Thai, Fried noodles..etc.)I did not event mention the dessert section which features a Crepe (made to order) section, Candy bar (yes like at weddings), Banana's Foster, Gelato and Amazing Maccaroons (that rival Payard's across the way).Phew, that was just from the amazing memory of seeing everything, but to give you a review of the food:Noodle Bar:  Worth the trip alone!  I went back twice for the Ramen Noodles.  They serve it in their special Tonkotsu broth.  AMAZING. You would think you were at a Ramen house.  Not too salty, but savory with a hint of pork fat.  I added a piece of duck in it to give it a bit more emphasis.  I went back twice to get it !Mexican Taco's:  Had the Al Pastor.  It was very flavorful and the tortilla really makes this taco great.  Like any great taco place, they made the tortilla fresh and put the Al Pastor on it.  I would suggest getting the taco and moving to the salsa bar and put your own toppings.  Seafood Bar:  I had the cooked snow crab legs and they were sweet and on point.  I liked it better than the cold version.  The fresh Oysters were great also!  I am weary about raw items at a Buffet, but the quality was great and it had a great sweet, smooth taste with only hint of the ocean on the backside.  Perfect!  The Lobster chowder was smokey (from the bacon) and smooth.  Very good.Meat Cutting station:  The lamb chops were the best ever.  I used to think the Wynn buffet Lamb Chops were great, but these were twice as big, medium rare and just a little gamey.  They are a must.  I did not try anything else, but the Brisket and the Cowboy steak looked perfectly cooked.The Dim sum was good not great.  Har gow skin was thick and the Shui Mai was ok.  Sho long bai was a bit dry, but we are not going to get HK dim sum at any buffett.I made a plate of Duck and Char Shui rice (like at Sam woo)  The Duck was as good as any Chinese Restaurant with large chunks, a lot of meat.  Sweet and great skin, I found this to be one of the best part of the meal, since i also put it in the noodles.I had the Nutella/Banana Crepe and it was wonderful, but the Macaroons were the star of the buffet.  I had to ask if they were from Payards, and they told me were not, but the place that brings it in always gets mistaken for the Payards Macaroons.  They sweet, crispy with just a hint of the "jam" layer.  Not over powering, just right.I used to think the Sterling Brunch was the best Buffet.  Although it still is one of the best I found the fresh food stations, made to order, put Bacchanal over the top.  Next to the lobster tails w/Caviar at Sterling Brunch, Bacchanal is the new sherriff in town and I highly recommend to everyone!
4	As far as buffets go this was a great one.The food was very good and had a large variety to choice from compared to other buffets on the strip. The presentation of the food was better than most and showed their efforts to make things a little nicer than your run of the mill buffet.The hostess was very nice and walked us around the buffet to explain all the different stations. The waiter was very good and very response to our requests.A great buffet option on the strip.
5	I am not a buffet type of person. Because I don't have big appetite, so I prefer good quality food over quantity. I gave Bacchanal a try because I heard it's the latest and greatest buffet in town. You can just tell by the decor. The buffet entrance looks like a fresh seafood market. It got my attention right away. I love the warm and fuzzy atmosphere which reminds me of the eat every possible delish dish til you enter food coma holiday family dinner celebration.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=yWgf1bzx39k05ffOYKUT4Q#tV6gVls4xOZ_g_JtJ8M_wwI really enjoyed the colorful plating of small bite size portion (first seen in Wynn's Gerber size glass salad then full blown adapted by Cosmo on almost every dish there). I am not gonna go through the Bacchanal laundry list. I am just gonna hit all highlights of my meal. - Ginseng chicken soup: I was shock how authentic it was! Chef was very generous with Ginseng. It was great. I took a picture of it to show the bowlful of ingredients they cram into that little bowl of soup. To quote and agree 100% with the funny executive chef greeted us at the table, "authenticity is the name of the game (at Bacchanal), we do not have any Gwailo flavor here."http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=yWgf1bzx39k05ffOYKUT4Q#FEoVci-bHcanQrJojxiLEg- Sugar glazed lamb chop with mint sauce:It was perfectly cooked. Meat was juicy and tender bursting with flavors. This could match the lamb chop served at fine dining restaurant on strip (for a $38 dinner entree). = http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=yWgf1bzx39k05ffOYKUT4Q#4-SmIjo7SYh8MnOiWOPi0Q- Clam Bucket:Clams were prepared with sweet corn, sausage and orange (bursting with layers of  flavors; I wish I have other words to describe it... lol). Sweet corn was soaked with juice from sausage, clam and orange. It was very delish.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=yWgf1bzx39k05ffOYKUT4Q#pzxsY_R4qti1boUaPgMo9A- Stone crab claws:This is well worth it of this meal! You get to choose how you like to mix in your plate (mussels/snow crab legs/stone crab claws), and the chefs at the seafood station will boil it for you in flavorful broth with minced garlic and herbs (super personalized, attention to details, well worth the wait in the line ~5 to 10 min).http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=yWgf1bzx39k05ffOYKUT4Q#LleLz1tP_YUQ9Bqq58d8fg- Crepe:All crepes were made-to-order and whipped cream on top was killer for a girl trying to stay in shape.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=yWgf1bzx39k05ffOYKUT4Q#tP9B9-92At6gqz5KGwFojgThis place is truly the best buffet on food quality and deal-wise (under $40 per person). The savory dishes are just top notch and representing the best game in town. However, the showing at dessert section is lackluster, except the made-to-order crepes and possibly the gelato (saw some unique flavors there but ran out of room in my already bloated stomach). I have to deduct 0.5 stars from the weak dessert showing because I LOVE desserts. I really hope Bacchanal will keep up its great quality of food and service (up their desert game). It is hard to maintain the consistency (that's how restaurant business is). Because I can't wait to bring all friends and family with me next time and enjoy the food.
3	The interior decor was beautiful. Food display was awesome. Selection was large. Taste and flavor were bland. Service was terrible.The food lacked any depth or spazaz in flavor. Selection and quality were on par with the Rio. Fine but not great. Some dude was angry that the olive oil was mixed with Canola oil and was calling the chef out. Not sure why the great reviews....I feel like I'm that odd hater.... but having been to many buffets in Vegas, I won't be coming back. I expected so much more from Caesar's Palace! Especially after paying $40.I had to finally get a manager to get me help refilling my tea. I waited 40 min and asked twice for a refill. I felt like I was a starving man in a desert that had to fight for a taste of liquid. BLUF: Wicked Spoon is better. Haven't been to the Wynn to compare theirs yet.
5	as of right now.. it's the best buffet in vegas. they have charcuterie!
5	The decor was beautiful.  We were seated in the back corner but I love how it doesn't feel like you're in a buffet room.  The decor was modern and everything was just beautiful.  I heard great things about this buffet. I was planning on going to wicked spoon from rave reviews from my friends.  But were wowed from this place.  What makes this place apart from other buffet is that quality and variety.  We went for Sat brunch at 43$ with unlimited champagne or mimosa.  We were greeted and the host gave us a tour of what was available on all stations.  This is a first for me at buffet. Usually they just seat you and that's it.  Over 500+ ...how can one person try everything. Of course, I have to plan to return.  We tried to get little bites of everything. All super fresh and most stations have ready to made order.   I expected a bit more variety for desserts though.  I love how they have unique gelato flavors.  I had the fig and balsamic and it was delicious!! Then my friends found macaroons. OMG..the flavors were amazing!  And they have ramen or pho! Wow...every station has amazed me.  I dont know how other hotel buffet can top this..Bravo Caesars!!
3	The ambiance and layout of the place is great. Get there early on Sundays to avoid long lines. While it was a decent size buffet it certainly is not the biggest. The stations are well organized and a good amount of selections. One drawback is the omelette station at the dessert station. The small dishes looks good for presentation but not very practical. Many of the small plates are too hot to grab. The mini pancakes are great but not necessary to have it on small places. Grabbing just two small plates would fill your plate. Get rid of the mini-plate idea. The french toast was the was excellent next to the red velvet mini pancakes. I was disappointed on a dismal fruit bar. A mixed berry dish was about it. The meat selection was excellent. The dessert selection was very average. Overall this place is okay for a $39.00 breakfast buffet there are many places with more selections.
5	They have everything!  Our favorite was the desert bar, fresh crepes, creme brulee and a killer carrot cake!  Yummeeeeee!!!
2	Don't do what my friends and I did and come right at dinner time.  Coming at 7 on a Saturday night meant waiting for about 1:5 hours till we sat down.  The wait staff was very fast and we got drinks served quickly and the plates were cleared promptly.  The OJ here was really good and tasted fresh and not like Tropicana or Florida's Natural.  For costing $17M dollars the placed looked nice.The 30 day dry aged Tomahawk rib-eye was the best thing they had imo.  It was cooked perfectly every time, the crust on it was great and was juicy.  But it took me going up there 6 times to get 2 servings of it.The quality at sushi station was not good at all and I had better sushi at Famima today.  Their fried chicken, the mussels, the clam bake, the halibut,salmon and mexican food were all overcooked and dry.  There were many other things which I was disappointed with but that Rib eye is still in my mind.
5	A stellar buffet experience from start to finish. Remember to sign up for Total Rewards to get a slight discount on your meal. Dined during the weekend brunch ($39.99 non TR members, $36.99 TR members). Brunch comes with unlimited mimosas and champagne. The buffet is very large, but well laid out. It is roughly divided into seafood, american/meats, mexican, italian, asian, and desserts. One of the many highlights of our gastronomic adventure was the fresh juice that they have available (I sampled the watermellon, orange juice, and peach juice). Also worth mentioning was the prime rib and brisket. Highly recommend getting the brisket with Jack Daniels BBQ sauce. The dessert station featured ice cream, made to order crepes, amongst other pastries. Overall, would highly recommend. Bacchanal has surpassed Wynn and Wicked Spoon over at Cosmo to be the best buffet on the strip IMHO.
5	I came here twice in 2 days and LOVED both times!  They have TONS of FRESH options, and the dessert table is amazing!The first time we came was for breakfast, but we stayed through lunch.  Then I came back for Sunday brunch.Here's what I remember they served:- Seafood (oysters, mussels).- Mini red velvet (and regular) pancakes.- Waffles.- Made to order omelette's.- Eggs Benedict.- Salads.- Pizzas.- Bread & cheese station.- Chinese station: sumai and other dim sum options included (YUM!).  and they had DUCK - MY FAVE!  - Dessert table: macarons, cake, cookies, gelato, and MORE!  I wish I started here first, ugh.  Oh and they had made to order dessert crepes during Sunday brunch.* This is all I can remember, but they have WAY more than this!Some portions are small (like the red velvet pancakes), and others served just right (not too much and not too little - like pizza, duck, and other stuff).  I loved the cute plates that the smaller portions came in!We got the best service from Aurelio. He always checked in on us to refill our drinks and clean our table.  What I loved most about this place is the food is FRESH.  I kept refilling my plate with duck, and each time it was warm.  Avoid the wait by going early!  Their $17 million renovation was SO WORTH it because the buffet here before was nothing compared to this.  They did a complete 180!
4	There is NO better buffet in Vegas!  Take it from a Las Vegas native!  I KNOW!  Better than The M, Better than Bellagio, Better than Wynn!  Hot and cold crab, Oysters, Salmon, and so many kinds of seafood.  The Lamb Chops are heaven!  The Veal Parm was good too!  So many kinds of meat, chinese, (oh the duck!)...with over 500 items, GOOD items, to choose from...you won't leave hungry, and yes it's worth the wait and the price,  The crepes, chocolate covered strawberries, and unique gelatos and other desserts make this buffet one of a kind!  NO ONE comes close!
5	Bacchanal: a drunken and riotous celebration; a participant in such a celebration; reveller.Caesar's Palace lived up to my expectations with this buffet.  Despite the 45 minute wait in line at 5pm for dinner and the $86 (w/ tax) bill to eat there ($100 with tip), it was worth the wait and the price.  The line wasn't bad at all considering how new and popular this place is right now.  Just standing in line was exciting because you can see the seafood section right at the entrance.  As they walk you in, the hostess tells you about the buffet, pointing out the sections and letting you know as you pass the American counter that "it's not over yet".  Around the corner from the main entrance is even more food stations--Asia, Italy, and a hint of Europe thrown in.  After being seated and greeted by Miguel, we headed to the back corner of the buffet--Asia.  I tried my very first soup dumpling, which was tender and explodes in your mouth.  I could eat fifty of those.  The sushi counter is great because it is the ONLY sushi bar in Vegas I know of that utilizes ebi furai in the roll instead of regular tempura--just the way I like it (that's how they did it up in Japan when we went and back on Guam as I was growing up, so I love ebi furai in sushi).  No cream cheese anything, THANK GOD.   I also grabbed snow crab legs and they flash boiled it for me.  Yummy.There's a pho and ramen station, charcuterie, Italian, Mexican, American, soups, seafood...the list goes on and on.  What sets this place apart is definitely the quality.  The aged tomohawk ribeyes are delish, the fried chicken in a basket is fun and tasty, and their dessert station with four crepe outlets, cookies ala mode, and heavenly cheesecake pop bites with gelato is amazing.This is now my #1 place to eat buffet in Vegas.  Screw the 2 for 1's at the station casinos.  I'll pay the high price for quality and quantity.  You think you can't do it all, but if you sit in there for 2 hours like I did with my hubby, you can.
4	-A Roman Feast it is!This Buffet offers quanity and quality! You do need to wait in line to pay but well worth it.I gave this 4 stars because if you are coming to eat stone crab you won't find them. Yep! I was informed people were complaining they were to difficult to open? The rest of the buffet was good. My suggestons 1. You need to come HUNGRY2. If you want to take full advantage you want to give yourself time. You might wait in line to serve yourself from the food line.
5	One morning while laying in bed with my lovely fiancee, my tummy were making some weird noises. I look at it and says " what the hell you want now?" It says, "bro, you remember those commercial posters in the lift at cesar that you always seen on the way home from work?", "oh you mean the bacchanal poster?", "yeah, lets go check it out!"So I wake my fiancee up and tell her, boy do I have a surprise for you. Half and hour later we are ready and on our way. Arrived at 10.50 am, walk right through the line, no waits, two please and sit our asses down. I dont know what I am expecting right now.The server arrived to take our drink orders and off we went to the wonderland of buffet. We try the M buffet and M Resort and Casino who supposedly the best in Las Vegas, oh well, they bumped off to number 2 now. I am so glad that the best bufftet in Las Vegas belong to Cesars the center of Las Vegas Strip. Dim Sum, Sushi, Crepe Station, Fully squeezed fresh juices, mexican stand, omelet station, on and on it goes. Absolutely wonderful place. Attentive service and an absolute place to take your friends and relative when they are in town. I can honestly says that this buffet just messed up a lot of other restaurant in cesar palace. You should see the line when we are done with our lunch. Phew, glad I dont have to wait in that line.
5	The Wonderful: Lamb chops were errmageerrrd fantastic! They were cooked to glorious medium-rare perfection and seasoned conservatively so that you really taste the flavor of the fresh meat and the crisped outer portion of fat. The lamb wasn't gamey in the least. Dim Sum: The shu mai and har gao were fresh, tender and moist. I can't say that I've had better dim sum anywhere it was that good! The pockets of steamed yumminess practically melted in my mouth they were that tender. The raw oysters were incredibly fresh! The meat had a slightly sweet flavor with pleasantly mild brininess. My only quasi-complaint would be that these are located directly next to the crab legs which meant I had to wait in line to get to them. The cold crab legs took some patience to get to since nearly everyone in line was asking for them to be heated up. (Kudos to the chefs and serving staff for complying with every request asked of them!)The banana souffle was heavenly! It was served warm and had such simple unpretentious flavor. It wasn't overwhelming because the delicate foamy texture seemed to dissipate the sweetness so that it wasn't concentrated into one bite. The Good:The sushi was fresh and nothing like any buffet sushi I've ever had. The hand rolls were a nice touch too! I would have liked to have a little more variety in the rolls since it seemed everything had spicy tuna on or in it. The ramen noodles weren't what I was expecting after reading some of the other reviews, but I think the other bolder flavored items might have skewed my judgment. I mean they weren't bad but not really a standout to me on this buffet of 500 items.The sweet potato fries were tasty. They accompanied a piece of fried chicken that my hubby got, but he doesn't like sweet potatoes so I ended up with them. They were crispy and possibly doused in some sort of maple glaze that created a very nice savory sweet contrast.The crab croquettes were surprisingly light. The crab concoction inside them was a delicate blend of fresh crab, bell pepper, onion and seasonings. It reminded me of the very delicate crab cake that I used to get from Commanders Palace. The prime rib was seasoned nicely and I really appreciate the fact that it wasn't overcooked. The Rest:The blackberry pana cotta and the shrimp with grits fall under my "victims of a buffet" items. The shrimp with grits had decent flavor but I couldn't get past the hardened dry layer of grits on the top. The blackberry panna cotta had congealed to an undesirable firmness, maybe from the time it stood sitting on the dessert bar. The ceviche was too sour and acidic for my taste. It didn't help that I evidently picked up the only cup that lacked a slice of avocado on the top of it. Overall this buffet is well worth the money and I will definitely bring my next out of towners here. Finally, there's a buffet on the strip I can recommend to anyone!
5	beautifullll buffet. quality seafood, $$$.FEA$TED LIKE A BO$$.fyi...their desserts are out of this world. They have everythinggg! create your own crepe, macaroons, unique gelato flavors....i can talk my head off about this place but looking at how long all the other reviews are, i wil stop here.
4	If you use your total rewards card, the dinner buffet costs $36.99 per person.I think it was about a month after it opened. There are some ups and downs to this place but overall, it was a really awesome buffet and I am glad I went. Do a walk around prior to getting your food. There was a hidden back room that had more food selections. My friend's friend didn't see it and ended up having to eat a whole plate full of food he didn't really want to eat (because he thought that was all the buffet selections they had). Seafood section: When you get to the frozen crab legs, make sure you go up to the chefs behind the counter and ask them to boil the crab legs for you (only if you want them warm). It was full of meat and it did not disappoint. Raw oyster bar was a bit on the slow side in shucking the oysters. Meat section: -rack of lambs are freaking awesome! My bf doesn't like rack of lamb, but ended up eating more than one piece! It was really juicy and tender and didn't taste gamy. -Prime rib was very tender and juicy.Japanese section: Sushi bar was not impressive. The fish was just odd in color, the texture was more mushy. Just the quality of the raw fish was not up to par.  I would skip that whole section. Italian section: They are able to make any type of pasta you want. -Lasagna wasn't the best, really salty. Chinese section: -congee (with thousand year old egg) was really good! I am shocked that the items for the congee was very authentic. -xiao long bao was disappointing and dry. American section: The sweet potato fries, regular fries and chicken strips were phenomenal. -sweet potato fries had a sweet glaze, I want to say it was the sugar from the potato, but man... it was good. -seasoning on the chicken strips were addicting, not exactly sure what was on it. Also, the mini ketchup  bottle was soo CUTE! -Mini burger was cooked to perfection! medium rare and it was hecka juicy!Salad section: The watermelon with cheese salad was perfectly executed and the beet salad was awesome! Very light and refreshing Dessert: -Make your own dessert crepe! Add two scoops of gelato and nom nom nom! I also added some fresh fruit (ask them to slice up some fresh bananas) and drizzle on some nutella! It was bomb!! mini cupcakes were disappointing, the texture of the cupcake batter was really spongy and full of holes, the frosting lacked flavor. It was just all bad. -Macaroons had a thick layer of filling and it was overly sweet and didn't have a crispier outside. -Banana Souffle came right out of the oven and the lady asked me (after asking someone else... who said no) if I wanted one, I said ok. The lady that ended up saying no saw the dish and said she had to get one too. HAHA. The souffle was SOOO GOOD! Make sure you get one when you go to the dessert section!! It was very moist in the center and semi crispy on the top. The banana wasn't over powering and over all the souffle tasted really light. Service was good. Water refill was lacking a little, but they made sure plates were cleared before we came back with more plates full of food.
4	Ohhhhh LAWDY! BUFFETS! I am usually hit or miss with buffets, Im not super into gourmet foods so its like meh with me! There are many different selections from this buffet and it's also in 2 different room if you weren't sitting in the back you would probably never noticed that there is a back area of the buffet as well. I followed 2 of the other people who are on our table and it brought me to the macaroni and cheese, prime rib, lamb chops, ribs, and chicken tenders with tater tots station. the way some of the food is served are in little metal  look basket things like fry baskets but they're really cute the only thing is you can only grab 1 or 2 at a time without having a full plate. the first place I got included lamb chops, which I have never tried, so I was really excited. I also got some chicken tenders with French fries and tater tots and a side of macaroni and cheese. I thought down to my plate of goodies and took a bite, the first thing I took a bite out of with macaroni and cheese and left me a little sad and needed seasoning for sure. It was pretty bland in my opinion. the second thing I tried with lamb chops, now I have never had lamb chops before so this is definitely a new experience for me and I was very pleased. the lamb chops to cook perfect in my opinion they were so so so succulent and tender and they were exquisitely seasoned very very very delicious! next I tried the chicken tenders tater tots and French fries. They were all seasoned soo deliciously it what a breath of fresh air. The chicken was also very succulent under which is also very nice because that shows that they were not some of those frozen chicken tenders that other places serve! there was so many different things to try out I didn't really know what to pick. I definitely do not like seafood I do like shrimp but only need the coconut type which they did not have here. Although a lot of the things did look appetizing I just didn't try them mainly because I do not like seafood or the way it smells. here they had some crab legs which everybody was going for that shrimp mussels and other types of others seafood that I really wasn't sure what they were I did try though the grits with shrimp and it was okay. Next to me my way to the back area where they were serving dim sum and ramen, pho, and different types of meats and cheeses as well as Italian foods. here I got some ramen, which had pork belly in it, as well as some cheeses. next I want to Mexican food area where they had carne asada as well as homemade tortillas and big pieces of Mexican corn. I also really like the way they just played the different types ugh salsas although the jars should have had a bigger openings so that way it wouldn't be so difficult to maneuver the spoon to get a spoonful of salsa or guacamole. between a Mexican food and the American type food thank you have an array of different breads that you can choose from I did try some of the roles which word very delicious and they also had cheese bread and regular pieces of white bread as well as other types.Once I got seated I did try out the different types of foods that God I did like the Ramen it was very delicious and wonderful! I also tried the mini burger sliders, these were so delicious and cooked perfectly! I bit into my big piece of corn and was very happy and pleased, I taste just like the kind you would get in Mexico with butter and cheese on it, very delicious! Next I ventured off to the desert area where they had a humongous array of different desserts you can do some gelato  bananas foster to different types of cupcakes as well as chocolate dipped cones most and other types of yummies! opted for the tiramisu as well as a souffle and a chocolate dipped cone which was super delish!  overall the buffet was very tasty and delicious I don't know if I would pay 40 dollars for dinner since I do not eat seafood and  really wasn't too too much that I would chose to eat, plus I'm really bad at some types of buffets because I'm so simple. I like normal things and here is a little bit of a wicked spoon slash Bellagio type. Overall all I will go back and try it again, once pay day comes!! Hahaha plus I wanna try breakfast!
2	The 2 problems with this buffet are the lack of transparency about their prices & dining hours & the over hype about their food. Do they post their prices & hours for lunch, dinner? NO. Can you believe the yelp reviews here? NOMy partner & I read the reviews & had dinner here Thursday Sept 28. We used our Total Rewards card & the bill for the 2 of us with tax was over $82. Reviews mostly don't know what they talking about. 1 review here said beer & wine complimentary with dinner. No, not true. Other review said they have 3 types of crab with even separate section for claws. No, not true. The crab legs are OK but were kind of salty. The salad selection is lacking in variety. Most small portions are OK. The staff is friendly. Bottom line: would we come back? NO
3	The food was ok, lots of variety, yummy dessert, and fine service. Problem for me was, nothing stood out. Going back for my 4th plate (yeah, I know but not I never ate everything on each plate), there wasn't a single dish that I wanted more of. I actually just moved on to dessert, which I normally can't physically do at Vegas buffets. Below average to average for a Vegas buffet, which I'd say is still much, much better than any buffet outside of LV.
4	The hordes of people at the entrance kind of scared me (crowds!), but I understand that they had just opened so it was to be expected. I went here as part of the Elite Grand Opening event (thank you Yelp & Caesars!).Near the entrance is the seafood area. There were a number of hot prepared seafood-y items, like clams and mussels in a bucket, shrimp & grits, halibut / salmon, paella.. My friend asked one of the guys back there if any of them were gluten-free. I'm not sure if it was because he was busy / first week jitters, but he seemed inconvenienced. Anyways, he said the fish and mussels were safe. After the hot items, you got the cold seafood items. Piles of shrimp and crab legs. On my first pass, the shrimp looked a bit dried out and grey. After taking a look at it a second time, I saw that they had changed it out and the shrimp was much pinker and plump. The crab legs was what I was in line for. They can heat them up for you, and it does seem to taste better that way.After seafood, I went to the salad and charcuterie area. I liked their variety of meats, but was a bit miffed to see Tillamook cheddar on there. I like Tillamook cheese, but it's something I can get at the grocery store. I will give them points for labeling the cheeses. The honey "station" was probably the best part though. They had fresh honeycomb, which people could take a chunk out, while the honey dripped down into pots with star anise, cinnamon in them so that it would infuse the honey.Next up I went to their comfort food and meats area. Mac n cheese, scalloped taters.. Yum yum! I saw that they had prime rib there, but wanted to save room for dessert I opted for the lamb chops. They only give you one chop, so I asked for a couple more hehe. :) It was nicely medium-rare, and went very well with the scalloped taters.There were a lot of things that I wanted to try, but I don't like to waste and I was getting kind of full by this point. So I went off to the dessert area. I didn't see any standalone fruit. I don't think I saw any in the salad area as well. You know, the freshly cut melons and oranges that seem standard in a buffet. Maybe I wasn't looking hard enough? *shrug* Anyways, they have a great selection of small treats. There was this passionfruit (I think) creme cake that was utterly divine. Light, smooth and not overly sweet. My friend got one of the custards, he said the attendant told him it was gluten free but when I tasted it, it seemed like there was a cake layer on the bottom. Either that, or it was gritty.Our server at the table was very nice and helpful. She came by a couple times to check on our drinks. Other servers cleared our plates efficiently. They offered coffee as things were winding down, which was unexpected. I'm not sure if this is part of regular service or if it was because we were there for the event.Overall, I would say this will give other buffets in town a run for the money. The assistant exec chef said that they are still in the learning process, so things may change.As I walked out, I looked at some of the tables to see what they were eating. Maannn, they had PHO and RAMEN??
5	Wow this place is unreal its like you died and ended up In buffet heaven. Every food station blew me awayThe dessert station is the best station of anyStation of any buffet I've ever had. Its orgasmic I don't think I could ever go back to anyCheap buffet again. At this moment I think it's the bestbuffet in Las Vegas and that's saying somethingI look forward to monthly visits.
5	I love this buffet; the husband and I went twice just to cover the amount of food they serve. It's simply astronomical in terms of variety, quantity, and freshness.We went for a Thursday morning-lunch meal, and also for Friday dinner. Make sure you walk around and strategize on what you are going to consume, because you will miss things if you don't, and end up going back again... or end up going back again because you love it.Steak and eggs? Sure. Fresh smoked slab bacon, brisket, and ribs? Of course. Italian pasta dishes? Why not? Dim sum, sushi, sashimi salads? Bring it on. Stir fry, Mediterranean spreads, bread selection, sliders, sides, fried chicken, tamales, carne asada? king crab legs on dinner Fridays? YES PLEASE.So there's no hours posted anywhere online on when they switch from breakfast to lunch and then dinner, so here they are:Weekdays11:00am lunch starts3:00pm dinner startsThere's a humongous line you can beat if you go at odd hours... people have reported 1.5 hour wait times, we got in waiting a measly 40 minutes when we got there at 2:20pm, and about 20-25 mins when we got there at 10:40am.Beats any other buffet on the strip, hands down.I forgot the peking duck. And the lamb chops. Oh and the rib eye. And the pizza. Oh and the salad bar. Dessert too!!! cheesecake, brownie, and mousse lollipops, artfully crafted wedges of pecan and apple pie, cheesecake, choc chip cookies still hot in their own ramekins, chocolate creme brulee, and fresh crepes... cupcakes, chocolate covered strawberries, gelato section, AHH!!
5	My new favorite buffet! I'm so glad I got lazy to drive to the M Buffet and was willing to wait an hour for the Bacchanal Buffet. First off, it's $37.99 for Total Rewards members so make sure to show them your card! It's newly renovated and the place looks amazing, but the food is the more important thing. Their king crab legs were fresh and can be steamed if you prefer. The oysters were actually sweet and clean. The prime rib was tender but I felt the au jus lacked real flavor. There's a noodle soup station with pretty decent bowls of pho!  There was also ramen and wonton noodles, but I didn't have enough stomach space to try them all. Sushi was fresh but there wasn't a large selection to choose from. Chicken herbal soup loaded with actual chicken and herbs! The halibut was juicy. The seafood paella was moist. Oh, they even have the mexican corn with the mayo, parmesan, and chili powder! Also, the tamales were great. The best part was the dessert section and I don't usually leave room for desserts. They have crepes made-to-order and ice cream a la modes. There were a lot more that I tried and some I didn't get to try, but there was nothing I disliked. In my opinion, they have restaurant quality food and a great selection at that. This is like a dream buffet! Worth the $$ and the wait - DONT MISS OUT!
4	Yes - It is extensive.Yes - The food is well made (only a few bland options, but hey, you've got to have something for those with more sensitive palates). Yes - You will need to block at least four hours out of your day.I headed over on Sunday at about 2:30 in the afternoon. Long wait (about an hour) and finally seated in the main room area near the dessert section (thank you!). The options were plentiful and the Asian selection was so well flavored I actually headed back for seconds.The sweets options were amazing too. Next time I will start with gelato and end with salad as I missed out on trying a few of the tarts. So why one less star? It's waaaaay understaffed. Our server saw my table (of 4 and 1 baby) maybe 4 times in the 2.5-3 hours we were there. Drinks were refilled once, plates cleared twice. It wasn't her fault though. The place was just too packed for the amount of staff. Our group even heard the chefs asking if their break time was coming up. From my experience with Vegas buffets, this is going to be a major issue in the future. Food quality will decrease and you will be stacking your plates high.Go now when it is at it's premium high, in 6 months there will be some major reductions of quality.
1	One of the Worst Buffets I've ever been to!  I've had better quality cuts at the Sizzler!Service = Atrocious.  We arrive with 10 people.  The hostess tells us that any group larger than 6 is an automatic 18% gratuity.  This is perfectly fine and is the standard for every restaurant I've dined at.  Servers should be tipped fairly; however, the restaurant MUST accommodate the large group by seating them together.  Otherwise it is two separate parties!  They seat 10 of us at two separate tables after charging the 18% gratuity.  We ask why this happens, and they send a manager to tell us that standard policy is to charge 18% for large parties.  But how can you separate the large group, yet still charge as a whole??  The manager explains that they can't properly accommodate seating 10 people together because of the limitations of the seating.  We're not going to argue over this.  It's absurd.The layout of the buffet is awful.  They force you to walk down a circular maze of tiny corridors, which forces the customer to look at each item and deny it, without the possibility of getting an overview of where everything is.  You want seafood?  You can't just go to it.  You have to wait in this absurdly long line till everyone else at the buffet is finished getting all of  their portions.  This means that you end up waiting nearly 10-15 minutes if you wanted to get something at the end of the line (seafood), even if you didn't want anything from the beginning of the line!  "Why not just cut in line," you ask!  Doing this would be asking for trouble because of the layout of the buffet.  It would literally be like cutting in front of someone who is waiting to get their food.  As upset as I was for attending this place, in no way would I take it out on other paying customers.  The waitress made several errors on our drinks and kept laughing it off.  It was completely unprofessional.  Mistakes happen, and no one expects perfection.  But to screw up orders on several occasions and laugh it off is out of line.  The server actually stepped on my feet while reaching all the way over the table to fill someone's cup of soda.  Why not walk over to the other side and pour their drink?Quality of Food = POORIt is obvious that the food has been left out for hours.  They boast and brag about 500 items on the menu, but the meats are not quality cuts.  Furthermore, they are prepared poorly.  I've had better quality at Commerce Casino in Compton!  Garbage Service Garbage Food QualityPoor ManagementSTAY AWAY!
2	I went to this place on 09/30/12 and I must say this is my new favorite buffet in Vegas. It had the largest selection of good food I have ever seen at a buffet. Any buffet can have a large selection, even Rio's world buffet has a very large selection. What makes Bacchanal different is that the majority of what I ate was very good.I liked pretty much everything I had there. I tried to have a bit of everything, but that wasnt really possible. I'll list some of the notable stuff I enjoyed:- All the carved meats from the pork ribs to lamb chops- The dim sum was just as good as what I eat at my local dim sum restaurant. I especially liked the shu mai and xiao long bao- Beef lasagne was good- Loved the soup flavor of the tonkotsu ramen - The carnitas was very good- They would heat up the crab legs for you on request- Enjoyed the sushi rolls and hand rollsNow why did this place only get 2 stars? Because it had the WORST service I had ever seen! The wait in line was 3 hours. I dont mind if its cuz the restaurant is extremely popular and the wait was warranted due to lack of tables, but that was not the case. The buffet had maybe 1/5 of the staff they needed to keep things flowing. Even the hostess told me that it was because they could not clear tables fast enough. When I was eating, I noticed that the table next to me was never cleared, in fact I saw MANY tables that took forever to be cleared!Our server was horrendous. We were at the restaurant for almost 2 hours and I think I saw our server 3 times. Fortunately we ordered 3 drinks per person to last us through the meal, but the plates were never cleared since the server never came. I dont think he was lazy or anything, he just simply had like a million tables to work on. Which in turn left us with empty cups and plates on our table at all times. Which in turn resulted in the 3 hour wait.Another thing that bothered me was that the staff told me that if I wanted to pay an additional $15 per person in our party, we can use the VIP line for a shorter wait. I would love to come back, but they need to get their staff issues in order.
5	Got here about 2pm on Monday for lunch, very short line. Lots of good food,everything I had was delicious. Brisket with bbq mango sauce had a good smoke flavor. The lobster chowder also very good. French onion soup was tasty but unfortunately it wasn't hot, luke warm at best. Hot wings were nice and spicy. Desserts all good!If we took our time we could've gotten some crab legs, they put it out for dinner around 3 o'clock. Service was good.
5	MAN BEWARE for dinner it was a 2 hour wait to get in!!!!!!!!!!!!!obviously cause its new, i was fine to wait as i was stuffed from a late lunch. we lined up at 5 pm got seated a little after 7pm. i think it was like 40 a person? forgot. first off server attention needs improvement!! not enough servers i guess. we only got our plates cleared once and drinks refilled once and we didnt see a server for like an hour!! we had to play jenga with the plates!!!!!!!!!!!but that didnt stop me from enjoying the food! seriously this is the best buffet in vegas right now. i ate almost everything except for the salad bar, mexican stuff.asian sectionsushi/spicy tuna/sashimi was soft, tasty n freshbowl of ramen chewy noodles with tasty broth add you own toppings.the couple of dim sum items the shrimp n pork dumplings was prob better than a chinese restaurant crispy fried fish was goodginseng soup was authentic better than my moms =Xseafoodoyster shooters was yumnow the crab legs man!!! i could eat these all night it really filled me up, they would offer to put em in boiling water to heat em up for you if you like, add in drawn butter = heaven!!clam bake wasnt badcouldnt get my hands on any oysters it kept disappearing when i wentmeatprime rib was juicy and wasn't toughi really really like the lamb chops man!! sweet, savory, juicy, tender.... wouldnt expect this at a buffetpastasvodka penne? i think it was was tastycalamari was crispy n seasoned welldidnt like the lasagna bread selection was great like the butter garlic rollsdessertmy favorite part!fresh hand dipped chocolate strawberrieshot made to order crepes very soft n tastyreally loved the hot choco chip cookie dishcreme brulee was ok wasnt what i expected kinda too soft not as creamygelatos was pretty standard had choice of dipped cones i think i liked every dessert except the cupcakes which i thought was kinda bland. oh and theres candy too =Pbacchanal can only improve through time or gradually suck as time passes we will see as this is still new...  hopefully after a while it wont be too long of a wait and services improves.. will be back! the food was soooo good FRESH! compared to other buffets despite the negatives its a 5 star! it dont get better than this!!
4	&& I fell for this place :3Even though they just opened 3 weeks ago, I think they're doing very good in terms of quality, cleanliness and service. BUT THAT LINE WAS HORRIBLE! I don't know if I could or would ever wait 2+ hours for a buffet... so thank goodness a lady came around and told us we could pay $15 extra for the express line. Considering how hungry and excited I was, I thought $15 extra was worth it if I can cut down at least 2 hours of wait time. She said it would take 5 minutes if we go through the express line but the cashiers obviously didn't get the memo and refused to call us up until the people in front of us got frustrated. Once all of that was over it was time for the FOOD!! MY FAVORITE PART :3 I absolutely loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeee the lamb chops (best thing there in my opinion). They also have king crab legs and snow crab legs (you can ask them for the steamed ones, taste so much better). The sliders are yummy if you add a bit of salt. The lobster corn chowder was very flavorful and hit the spot. Not sure if they had 500 items there but they sure had enough to make me go 7 rounds... don't judge me, I'm a fatass! OH! They also have some legit fresh honey next to the bread and cheese area. Make sure you walk around the entire place first so you know what you're up against. I never ever want to leave their dessert section...soooooooooooo amazing!! The biggest selection I've ever seen! They have everything from mini cupcakes, gelato, macarons, BANANA souffle!, creme brulee, MAKE YOUR OWN CREPES (my fav because they have fresh fruits and nutella!!!). I took off 1 star because:-They were very unorganized with the line and the seating in general even though there were tables open-Some of the dishes were kinda cold-The busboys cleaned out our table while we were getting desserts ):If you're not a diamond or 7-star member, you'd probably want to dish out another $15 so that you can use that time to actually eat something instead of wait in line. WORTH IT!!
3	Things that Vegas doesn't need any more of: steakhouses, bros and buffets. Regardless, hearing about a new buffet opening up at Caesar's Palace had me intrigued (especially with the success that Wicked Spoon brought to the buffet game). There was a lot of hype: "over 500+ dishes!", "only 20 some odd dollars!", etc... We made sure to check out a little early on Sunday so that we weren't hit with waiting in a monstrous line. We get there and the line moves along fairly quickly. It takes about 20 minutes for us to get to the cashier. She then tells us that it's $50 per person.She breaks it down:- Food is ~$20 +/- some change- Mandatory Champagne/Mimosa addition (Might be a Sunday thing. None of us want to drink after going out the night before.)- 18% automatic gratuity (because we have a group of 10) We're ready to be seated, but then our elderly hostess miscounts our group for 8 and tells us that we need to wait for a table that can seat 10. Another 15 minutes goes by, then they take us to our tables, plural...separate. What the hell did we pay 18% extra for then? Maybe it was for the service, but I fail to see how a waitress who came around maybe 3 times to fill waters, is deserving of it. The manager came out to what I assume was going to be an apology, but all we hear is that we can take it or leave it. No real, sincere apology. The food, in my opinion, was okay, at best. There were some hits: the mini carafes of fresh juice, the ramen, and maybe a few of the desserts. Everything else...it's been done before.After this experience, I'm tempted to give up on Vegas buffets (with the exception of Wicked Spoon). Do yourself a favor AND save a little dough. Go to Estiatorio Milos instead, for their lunch special. Three courses, $20.11. You'll get better service and far better food. Plus, you won't feel disgusted by yourself.  http://chowhound.chow.com/topics/779072
5	Wynn, Bellagio, Wicked Spoon....move over aside. Bacchanal Buffet is the new GOLD STANDARD for buffets.This place is so good that you wish you could die several times during your meal and come back each time hungrier than the last. IT'S THAT GREAT.Friends & I waited 90 minutes on a Friday Night for this amazing experience. The cocktail waitresses come by every 5-10 minutes offering free bottles of water to any of the patrons waiting in line (GOOD JOB CAESARS)After paying $37.99 plux tax ($2 discount with Total Rewards card), we waited another five minutes to be seated. It was then, when my food coma started.There are SO MANY STATIONS in this buffet, just remember there's a back room too with Italian, Chinese, Japanese,  Mexican cuisine.American Classics:Cheeseburger sliders, Mac & Cheese, waffle fries, fried chicken, fried oysters, sweet potato fries, scalloped potatoes with cheese and other things. All of it is amazing, especially the scalloped potatoes and cheese burger sliders. Japanese:omg, actual Japanese chefs making your sushi. I am not kidding, this is impressive. Most california chinese/japanese buffets don't even have japanese people making your sushi.They make hand rolls, California rolls, tempura rolls, sashimi fish and other things.They don't present all the sushi out at once. They rotate after each order. They will present an order of California rolls and tempura rolls afterwards and etc. Just keep your eye out if you don't see what you like, make sure you come back in 10 minutes. Carving Station:Prime Rib, Lamb, Roast duck, grilled chicken and the usual. wow, so good. Definitely try the Lamb as it's cooked perfectly. The Prime rib was a little too rare for my taste, hopefully it was just a mistake? They come with Au Jus sauce and some other southern BBQ sauce.Chinese/Vietnamese:seriously, Shanghai soup filled dumplings??? I LOVE IT. they taste amazing ( I wonder if they make it by hand...probably not). Theres your usual suspects in your dim sum lineup and fried rice, noodles and stuff. They also got Pho, which isn't very good. Caesars should just take that out of the rotation.Italian:Meatballs, pesto Ravioli, Spaghetti with marinara sauce, I don't know how it tasted, as I never got a chance to try it. I was too full :(Seafood:OMG, the life and soul of Bacchanal!!! They have crab legs on ice for you along with shrimp, oysters and these varying seafood mixes in shot glasses? My favorite part of this station is that they will steam your fresh crab legs for 30 seconds and give it to you on a clean white plate. They are cracked in half already and there's so much meat in them!!! They definite'y don't skimp on portion size too, as I got 5 crab legs. Be sure to grab the garnishing and butter for the legs.Desert Station:Words can't simply describe the layout of this desert station. fresh chocolate dipped fruit, delicious ice cream/gelato, fresh-made crepes, cake squares on sticks, gourmet cookies and whatever you can imagine. everything is presented elegantly and is delicious.Service here is spot on. They clean your plates on a timely manner and refill your drinks quickly. I only hope Bacchanal can keep up it's gold standard for as long it can, as we all know how the restaurant industry can take a nose dive the moment it opens. Bacchanal, I shall see you soon :)
4	Quite possibly the best buffet I've ever eaten at...and I'm not a fan of buffets in general. I went here on a family vacay (the one we take once every 5 years or so) and the kids coerced the parents to try out the new 'it' buffet. My parents are damn fine cooks, so to take them out, it better be a good place, or we end up hearing lots of complaints about the food throughout the meal (and then some).  Their #1 saying: we can cook this at home, BETTER!Yes, we know you can cook well, and probably better too. But just this once, we want you to sit, eat and just enjoy w/o having to chop, dice, fry, steam or present a delectable dish. Although not amazed or in awe, my parents did managed to enjoy their meal and even threw in a few compliments here and there. So RARE!We waited less than half an hour for Sunday brunch. $17 million dollars, 500+ dishes and 9 stations of finger-licking goodness. I wished I could stayed all day. Or have a bottomless tummy (like my bottomless mimosa!). I love their fresh squeeze juices, the steamed King crab legs, the juicy cut of prime rib, the soft mounds of cheese bread, the drool-worthy espresso coffee ice cream on a waffle cone, the lightly grilled asparagus, the smokiness of the smoked salmon, the moist carrot cake, the juicy roast duck...and their light fixtures that's made of glasses (as in what I'd find an Old Fashion in). Ah...someone take me back!p.s. I'm the 100th review for Bacchanal Buffet...just thought you should know :p
2	It has been a while since I've posted a review and perhaps it's because I fell into a rut of going to the same places all the time.  Tonight we decided to try something different and went to the Bacchanal Buffet at  Caesars Palace.*** With all these five star ratings I really need to explain my two star rating ***The food at this buffet is definitely above average and there are a lot of things to choose from.  The staff that handled our beverages and dishes were prompt and friendly.The meat selections are pretty tasty and there are a lot of seafood dishes.The items that stood out for me personally were the freshly shucked oysters as well as the very tasty lamb chops.  Also, the crepes to order in the dessert area were awesome with a selection of fresh berries.*** Here are the challenges they need to overcome that may affect your visit...1.  After spending about 40 minutes in line to pay for the buffet, you spend a little more time in a "continuation line" waiting to be seated by hostess.  The problem is that tonight the hostesses were seating diamond and VIP players card members first before seating ANY of the regular paying customers.  I spoke with a manager named Stefani (sp?) and she told me that the hostesses were to seat people at a 3 VIP to 1 regular customer ratio when there were two lines.  This definitely didn't happen tonight as we waited for the entire VIP line of perhaps 50 or so people (about 12 - 15 different groups) to be seated before us which took about 25 minutes.  After paying a little over $160 for a group of 4, it's a little upsetting to see that you're treated like a nobody while others in the "Diamond / VIP line" get to skip ahead of us "regular" folks.  The manager I spoke to said she'd speak to the hostesses about it but the proof will be when we come back.  I drive a cab here in town so I'll ask my customers about their experiences at the buffet before I start recommending the place.2.  The meat / carving station had a very friendly and very talkative chef / attendant serving to customers.  The problem was as he was talking to each and every one of the people coming thru, the line grew longer and longer for people waiting for prime rib, ribs, lamb chops, brisket, etc..  If the comments would have been short and sweet that would have been one thing but he was flirting with some women in the line as he served them so now what should take a matter of seconds turned into the guy talking with a random patron for 5 minutes while giving her a little of everything.  If there were two people working the station it would have gone so much faster.*****All said, the food at the buffet is above average for now.  It's a good buffet that could use a little tweaking in the way they handle customers.  This is Vegas after all and customer service is the only thing that will keep people coming back.I guess all I really wanted tonight was a sincere apology and an effort to be made to fix the seating fiasco.  I feel I didn't get that and instead was brushed off.  The three other people in my party felt the same.  Until they figure out what works and what doesn't I'm not gonna be the one recommending this buffet in my cab.  **I'll update this review in the next week or so as I have friends who are coming in to town who want to go here.
5	Buffets are all the same, right?  Well not this one.  It's concept is similar to that other one that serves everything in individual plates and bowls, but this one doesn't go that far.  Only certain items are individual servings.First, standing in the line, we're it and it's 6:55 am, no one is here but us, we are eying the crab legs, piled high, and right next too it a huge pile of shrimp.  Our mouth's are watering before we even get a chance to taste anything.We're given a brief walk through, then taken to our table.  I take advantage of the complimentary mimosa and we're up and loading our plates with the most wonderful delights.  Each station, the staff are friendly and acknowledge us when we approach.  The displays are both full of color, smell and arranged to attract.I made so many trips back and forth, I must have worked off most of the calories, right?  This is one of the best buffets in town. Worth the extra bucks and definitely worth a revisit.
1	This was my second time doing the Buffet of Buffets pass this year http://www.caesars.com/total/las-vegas/buffet-of-buffets/ and I was excited to learn that Bacchanal was added to the list.We knew there would probably be a wait for dinner and that it would cost an additional $15 per person beyond the pass price, but figured it was worth a try.We went on a Sunday night and started waiting in line around 7:30pm, and didn't get in until 9pm...by which point we were starving. [Since they close at 10pm, it was also unclear as to whether we would really get in or not, but it didn't seem like they actually cut anyone off. The cashiers and servers were pleasant, although it took us a long time to get our drinks.]Despite the massive line and the 90-minute wait, there was a ton of empty tables, which makes me wonder if they're just understaffed/not able to handle the capacity of the restaurant.The food was okay, nothing to write home about--the sushi looked gross and the selection was not as interesting as some of the other buffets. The most impressive part of it was probably the dessert spread (which we didn't try). I'm not sure what people think is so amazing about it besides the novelty factor.But the first reason for the 1-star rating is that BOTH of us got sick right after eating there. The only two foods that we both had were the shrimp and the oysters, and we're guessing it's the latter that did it. The second reason for the rating is that we followed up with the restaurant the following morning to report our food poisoning. We started by calling Caesar's corporate customer service, and the lady I spoke with took a report and said she would get back to me in 24-48 hours. Not only did she not get back to me, when I called the same office to follow up after 48 hours, they said that no one there had any recollection of having spoken to me, and that food illnesses have to be reported to a different office anyway (their security department). So, I went through the process all over with them, and then THEY passed on my case to their insurance company (talk about making the customer jump through hoops). Then I had to follow up with insurance on the case--they would not call me. At no point in this process did any of the people I spoke with seem apologetic that we got food poisoning at their buffet, and instead seemed to question whether we really did get sick because of their food. (Which we absolutely did--we were both sick very soon after eating there and did not recover until the following day--totally ruining our plans to go out that night.) Finally, I get a sterile letter from the insurance company saying that Caesar's is in no way at fault for the situation, but that they still hope to see me back.As if. I'm so disappointed with the complete lack of customer service that I don't want to patronize Caesar's again--for ANY of their buffets. It's not worth it spending money at a hotel that can't even apologize for getting their customers sick and ruining their vacation plans. The least they could have done was to refund our money for that meal, especially after all the time I had to spend on the phone with them.
4	I liked this buffet ....mostly. Some of the standouts were ribeye steak, Oysters, Crab & the super amazing infused honey.A few things that need to be better...the shrimp had an off texture & flavor about it, almost like it had been soaked in a watery chemical to make it look bigger, prime rib was just meh, no real chocolate souffle here. Warmed Chocolate Fondant Cake is not Chocolate Souffle for those of you that do not know. They had a banana flavored souffle which was terrible. Please don't tease me and say your going to have Chocolate Souffle and then try to offer me banana as if that will cover my chocolate souffle craving. This could be a huge item that would draw a lot more people in for you guys if you did it right. Easy solution - get rid of the fondant cake and make sure you have chocolate souffle everyday instead. Maybe rotate in some other flavors in addition to the chocolate like grand marnier. Oh yeah the lasagna was a bit on the dry side due to overcooking or being under the heater. I'm going to check back with them in a few weeks to see if they have made any new changes.
5	Need I say more? By far the BEST buffet I've been to and as a local if Vegas I must say I've had my share of buffets. Definitely exceeded my expectations!
1	While we aren't Las Vegas Buffett experts, we've experienced our fair share of buffets.  Elaborate ones in fancy international hotels, Mother's Day spreads, ordinary/average ones, etc.  Not once..ONCE, have we experienced food poisoning (even the "SEAFOOD" buffet at the Rio-and we were so skeptical that we would get food poisoning there because of the seafood scenario-nope..we were fine)  That all changed hereIf you've read other reviews about Bacchanal Buffet, or read a newspaper/internet article-you know this place is brand new, a lot of $$$ was put into the project, everything is presented nice, the food options have massive variety, and the style and substance were expected to be on the same wave-length.  The girl I went with was also supposed to post a review-ONE STAR.  So, in this sea of 4 and 5 star summaries, there should be another ONE STAR review in the mix when filtered by date.Anyway, should we have avoided the Oysters? Probably.  Living in Seattle, Oysters can be consumed rather easily.  You always hear people say "beware of shellfish at the buffet", "don't eat oysters at buffets" "try everything but the oysters" "you might want to be careful about eating oysters".  However, this buffet had such a glowing reputation, the reviews we read before we went were all first class/5 star, we said "you know what? We're going to eat oysters...they look good, they don't smell off, and we're hungry..real hungry".  BIG MISTAKE..both of us were throwing up about an hour after the meal.  We can discuss all the other stuff we ate, but that's not really relevant.  The point of the matter is that the oysters (and shrimp, but those were cooked)   were had by both of us.  Simple connecting of dots.Now we can all say "that's your fault for eating oysters..you knew the risk..stick to cook foods at a buffet..use your noodle..that's an isolated experience..1 star is kind of harsh, dontcha think?" while those arguments can be made, it wasn't just the food poisoning scenario that factors into this rating, it was what happened after.The next morning, she called Caesar's to complain, she talked to them for a little while, and it seemed as if the person on the other line was making notes of all that happened.  Why else would they tell her"we'll get back to you within 48 hours".  That makes too much sense...Oh..but what happened 48 hours later?  She called back, and was told there was no documentation of the original call..Can't make it up.  Not only that, but she was told that she needs to call their security department...they also thought we were making this story up, as if it was strictly about getting a refund..yeah, let's just make this elaborate scheme for $45..wake upWhat did the security department do? Apparently they passed it on to Caesar's insurance department.  She was told that she needed to call them back to follow-up, not the other way around..Hospitality folks!  She did call back, and again the story about us getting sick was questioned..Eventually she got a letter explaining that Caesar's wasn't at fault..no "we are sorry you had an unpleasant experience"..nothing..I'm sure if you avoid the Oysters, you'll be fine..but gee whiz..atrocious customer service..we're not picky..we're not demanding..we just expect common courtesy/common sense/logic to be in the mix when something like this happens..and it didn't#endrantPS-Planet Hollywood's Buffet is pretty good, though..Paris' too!
5	IT was good. It was all goooooid. I'm not a crazy buffet person. I usually think most buffet lovers are over weight and I fear beciming one of them. So I tend to shun buffets. HOWEVER, THIS WAS LEGIT AND A ONCE IN A LIFETIME THING. I attempted to have a strategy so I could try as many of each station but I didn't try most of the meat because I was over red meat and chicken, having eaten my fill of it the days prior to my visit. I started with the sushi. It wastasty and tasted fresh. The wasabi was as hot as I like it. I tried a fried dumpling and it was tasty. I also tried the green beans- I love green beans!!! They were all buttery and slightly firm and delish. The mac n cheese was also very good. The cool thing about most things at this buffet is that they were served in large but relatively moderate portions. This probably allows for better quality control. Alos the ways they present the food were cool and small enough to give you a decent taste but not gorge on that particular thing. Good idea.I tried the shrimp and grits and I swear they did the damn thing on that. The muscles in wine sauce were divine. The oysters- which I never eat were so good. My girlfriend was eating with me and I swear she had an orgasmo de la boca when she tried hers. she and I had the crab which was sweet and full of meat. Desert was awesome and I tried some thing with a vial of raspberry and a little sponge cake. I enjoyed the macrons.Ruth was a great server and she allowed us to sit and eat leisurely. Not rushing us to get up and make room for the others coming in. It was definitely a meal to remember. The blackened chicken soup was ths only thing that wasn't good.
5	Although the wait is long, you can buy a $15 line pass!!!! This place is amazing!!! Even if you chose to wait, guaranteed it's worth it. The decor is B-E-A-U-tiful!!! There are so many options, so make sure you save room to try everything. The food is also NOT buffet quality!! The presentation and taste is something you would find in a 5-star restaurant. I've lived in Vegas my entire life and been to every buffet, but this tops them all. All the employees give amazing service and treat each and every person like a VIP. I love it here and plan on coming back all the time!!!!
5	Loved this buffet! As a local I visit many of the buffets in town, and this will definitely be a frequently visited place for me! The price is good for what they offer, it felt clean and the food was fresh... I didn't feel like I was eating food that had been sitting under a heat lamp... I would definitely recommend my family and friends to this buffet and will entertain out of state relatives here as well!! Three thumbs up and a 5 star from me :)
5	Wow!! This buffet doesn't end! Every time I thought I was at the end I was pleasantly surprised by another turn! We had brunch on Sunday morning and I was very pleased with the assortment and variety of items to choose from. I loved the individual dishes and the cast iron skillets perfect size for tasting everything, so cool!! Presentation of the freshly squeezed juices were very fun. The staff was very attentive, much better than the usual buffet experience in town. Overall it was great way to spend the morning and we left very very full!!
4	I not really an avid buffet-goer, but I really do recommend Bacchanal! While the wait can get horrendous...I felt that the food made up for it! The miniature individual buckets of seafood tickled my fancy, and it was all adorable and delicious. I felt that the dishes they had offered a little bit more complexity than other buffets. For instance, they had this really good shrimp over polenta,sitting in  a little plate of sauce. Normally at other buffets, you get shrimps in a dish, polenta off to the side, and the sauce nowhere to be found. I loved how they had everything together for me in a miniature slice of heaven. All in all I was pleased for the $40 i payed to get in. Also, you can't really go wrong with spicy chocolate gelato for dessert.
5	Bacchanal Buffet is like Disney World, and much like Disney World they should sell passes that are good for more that one day. I believe it would be impossible to try everything that your heart desires in one (or maybe even two) visits to this buffet. Buffet doesn't even seem like the right word to use to describe the smorgasbord  of perfectly crafted dishes.The food is of fantastic quality and it seems as if everything is prepared with care. There wasn't a single item I chose that I didn't like. The salmon was perfectly cooked, the sushi was fresh and delightful the clam chowder and buttered dinner roll, amazing. We also had a basket of calamari, grilled asparagus, salmon croquets, delicious cheese board, fresh chips and salsa and the JUICES! fresh squeezed watermelon, orange, cucumber and carrot juice. I would go back for the juices alone. And as for the dessert bar, I don't even know what to say. The macarons, gelato ( blood orange and balsamic fig, heavenly) the key lime tart was delicious and I didn't even get to try half of the items I wanted before I was full to the brim. I also liked that I felt as if I was able to stick more closely to the healthier food that I eat on a daily basis even though I use a trip to the buffet as a "cheat meal".I will definitely be returning to try out the Mediterranean and American sections. I would also like to check out breakfast as I'm sure that would be incredible as well.
5	The best buffet in town PERIOD!!! The staff was very courteous. Amazing selection from wide ranging cuisines. Tomahawk ribeye was perfectly cooked, superb lamb and tasteful brisket. Wish I had a bigger appetite, there so many selections there is no way you could try them all, guess I have to come back.  I have eaten at all the buffets in Vegas (local), you can't beat the price for the QUALITY!. They definitely have the best dessert bar!  Bacchanal is a step above Cosmo and Wynn which were my faves before I tried here.
5	This buffet is so good. Everything I tried was amazing. The crepes and smoked salmon were my favorites. We went for breakfast and it was only $19.99.
3	I'll have to admit...I'm cheap, maybe because it's being Chinese and I rather spend my money at the tables or what but I'll admit. I'm that person that bought the buffet pass. Yes I spent $44.99 on a one day pass to Harrahs amusement of buffet. I really didn't know Caesars had a buffet, but whatever. So my friends and I waited in line for about 50 minutes to get in. We had our 24 hour pass there and as soon as we got up to the line..."Oh you need to pay an extra $16.99 on top of your pass to enter here.""What? Your kidding right? Nowhere it says that I have to pay more money.""Sorry."So essentally I got screwed on this deal. I wasn't going forget it. I already wasted 50 mins already in line so we all paid. So we got our table all the way in the back and waited for our server. We waited a good 10 minutes until he realized, "whoa...I have people!"So they do have everything. What it really is another copy of Rio's Carnival Buffet except it's more fancy! The food was not bad. For the extra $17 I put in it better be decent. The meat was moist and the veggies were not bad at all. Didn't like the buffalo chicken wings, tasted like somebody dropped a bucket of vineger in there and just decided to serve it. Apparently service lacks, maybe when Caesar died, he decided to take all the nice servants back with him.I think the Rio is still hands down better in the Harrah's family of amusement foods, but Caesars Palace does come a close 2nd.
5	People need to be realistic.  This is a buffet that serves 1000's at a time.  If they're expecting the beef to taste like the beef at Capital Grille or the fish to taste like the fish @ Michael Mina, than they're unrealistic idiots.That said, this is the most extraordinary, creative, and quite simply overwhelming buffet Las Vegas has ever built.  The choices are immense.  For example, the mex station has homemade tortilla chips......with 15 salsas to choose from. 10 types of cookies.  15 gelato flavors.  8 italian premium cold cuts.  etc etc. The airy design and space is great as is the furniture.  If you want to know what a buffet restaurant can look like when $17 million is spent, this is it.The prices are totally reasonable.  Whatever you pay, the quality is above average, and you will be full for 12 hours and soft drink included.  People give up $100 bills left and right playing roulette, than bitch about paying $25 for lunch.Hats off to Gary Selesner for making this happen on such a grand scope.
5	Great food, great atmosphere. Friendly staff!
5	Bacchanal Best Buffet!! Best customer service not just by server but the Chefs very friendly and knowledgeable. Outstanding choices of every types of food from American to Chinese and Mexican. But wait the Seafood selection was awesome. Fresh chuck oysters, crab, clams, and shrimp. Price for the Buffet is reasonable. This is a must eat Buffet for everyone to try. If you Love Dessert this Buffet tops all. 15 types of Gelato and Ice Creams.
4	I came here this past weekend after reading some great reviews for this place. My brother and his girlfriend were visiting Vegas from Hawaii, so I met them and took them here. We got there around 10:30 am, as breakfast was ending and lunch was starting. For the three of us it was around $63, not too bad.  It definitely lived up to its hype! They had the standard breakfast fare like eggs, sausage, pancakes, and various juices. These were all pretty good. They also had some more interesting dishes. Of the breakfast foods, they had huevos rancheros, croque madames, corn beef pizza, steak and eggs red velvet pancakes, and chicken and waffles. Unfortunately most of the breakfast foods were not great, except the chicken was delicious.  However, the lunch and Asian foods were really really good - I'm not talking Chinese buffet quality, but much much better. They had dim sum, and not just spring rolls, but soup dumplings (WOW!), sticky rice (good), and har gau (which I don't eat). The noodle station had amazingly flavored ramen. And the Peking duck was some of the best I've ever had.  The charcuterie and salads rocked, especially the prosciutto. Who doesn't love prosciutto. The prime rib was also really good and a perfect medium rare for me.  And the sliders were definitely a winner too. The desserts were good but not spectacular, but I am rarely wowed by desserts anyway. The macaroons were especially delicous
3	If you like quality of the Wynn and Bellagio-type buffets, Bacchanal is in the same arena but dips into your wallet a bit deeper. The 4 of us for a Sat brunch came out to a little under $180 and that's WITH the player's cards. It's a weekend champagne brunch and that's where the additional costs come in when comparing it to Wynn and Bellagio but, there isn't even an option to opt out of the champagne if you don't care for it. I agree with past reviewers that the design of the new place is absolutely gorgeous, but that's not what people wait hours for and spend $$$ on. Most of the items were either too sweet or salty, and while it's always left to personal taste, I still rather have food that is spot on or that I can add to for personal preference. The highlights for me were the carving station (prime rib was super delicate, slow roasted brisket was smoky and the thick slabs of bacon were sweet and savory) and gelato. I enjoyed the abundance in variety and cuisines and while I didn't sample any, liked the cheese, meats and dressing station! The small plates (like Wicked Spoon) were enough to sample almost everything Bacchanal has to offer without going overboard and rolling yourself out of your seat. I wouldn't return unless someone else was footing the bill and even then, I'd ask if Wynn or Bellagio could be considered.
5	Had lunch today with my wife and daughter. I loved the large selection of food, over 500 items on the menu was amazing. The price was very reasonable.The loved the large amount of smoked meats on the carving station. My wife espcially loved the seafood section and the fresh amounts of shrimp and crab. Mu daughter being the sushi fanatic was amazed with all the fresh offerings.To top it off we had the best experience at the dessert station. My personal favorite was the fresh crepe station. I would recommend this place to anyone, will definately be returning.
5	I hate buffets, or so I thought! Instead of waiting in line I paid for the line pass and only waited a fraction of the time others did in the general line. Which I think is a great idea; up to you if you'd rather be doing something else besides waiting in line...like getting down with some atypical food offerings!!! Freshly shucked oysters, authentic Latin, Chinese and Japanese cuisine. Carving station was awesome- BBQ chicken, ribs, brisket, prime rib, lamb chops. A definite home run!
5	so I ahd the please to go to the sunday brunch for my aniversy with my wife and son. and damn was i amazed the placed was packed but the line out side was moved very quickly. we were seated at a nice real hard wood rable tha t but have been cut out of a tree 10 feet across the decoore was very modern and the mudic was a good m in style mix i enjoyed . there was so much to choose from.. they had so many stations of food being prepaired riight befoere your eyes. pizza, oysters, smoked meats, fresh tortillas, suflee !!, about 2o types of cookies, fresh squeese juice, the best Oj and cucumber juice I ever had. All the staff was niceand well trained in their job a chef named courney helped me get some of the candies out of the jars the have around the desert station.  they had some candies from my child hood. wow i would have never expected to see that..she was very helpfull and nice. I thing i will try to come back for dinner soon!!!
5	Did you ever wonder what food heaven is like?  Come to Bacchanal!I'm not sure if words can describe how good this buffet is, but all I gotta say it is the best buffet in Vegas. Or in the U.S....or even in the world!I started down the buffet line with the seafood:Crab: Long legs filled with sweet meat. Yum!  Don't like it chilled? Have them warm it up for you.Oysters: Fresh and sweet.  I ate a whole dozen!Crab croquettes:  Little crab crakes filled a whole buncha crab meat!Lobster chowder with corn:  Rich and sweet and you can actually see the lobster!KC ribs, sausage:  Meat lovers paradise.  Taco station:  I had "Ariel" make me 2 al pastor tacos.  OMG, to me, this was probably the best thing at the buffet.  The meat was juicy and crusted on the outside.  I'm drooling as I right this.Italian:  Thin crust pizza topped with yummy meat and goooey cheese.  what's there not to love!Tonkatsu Ramen:  The ramen noodles were al dente and in a sweet and savory broth.  I had two bowls!Sushi: Didn't touch much of it kuz I didn't want to fill up on the rolls, but there was a big selection.Asian: The dim sum was better than most authentic dim sum restaurants I've been to!It was hard...but I made sure I saved room for dessert.  All I gotta say is, have the crepes!  And make it a la mode with interesting gelato flavors.  The best was strawberry cheesecake gelato.I tried to get a picture of the prices because there seems to be some confusion.  But I couldn't find a sign.  I just know I paid $42.99 for Dinner on a Saturday.I left the buffet satisfied...but sad.  Sad because I couldn't fit anymore food in my tummy.  I spent exactly 2 hours here.  Any more food I woulda burst like Violet Beauregarde from Willy Wonka.  I can't wait to come back!
5	This buffet is really that good. All the reviews here were right.My advice is.. get the Buffet of Buffet pass. Even with $15 extra it is so worth it. ($44.99 + $15) or I saw the buffet by itself was like $44.99.The wait was only about an hour for us on a Saturday at 4:30pm. I was a bit scared because I had a BoB pass and it expired at 5:52 so I almost upgraded to the Front of line pass for $15. Speaking of which, if there is a long ass line going out, I would recommend getting the extra $15 front of line pass so you can skip the line and go straight in. Rib Eye, Nigiri, Oysters, Crab legs, shrimps, everything was yummy. The dessert was really good too. This buffet is like a blend of Wynn, Paris, and Wicked Spoon. (at their best) I really hope the quality stays consistent because I know how these buffets are, it always dies down after awhile.The toilets are outside of the buffet where the line is so if you gotta go you know what.. it'll be like the walk of shame since everyone is there watching. haha.
5	I was one of the lucky Yelpers that got to attend the grand opening dinner at Bacchanal... And after hearing about the brunch offerings at that event, I knew that it would only be a matter of time before my husband and I would be feasting at Bacchanal Buffet in the morning hours...This past weekend we had family in town from back east, and what better way to welcome family to Vegas then to pig out at the best buffet in Vegas. (For what it's worth, that's what USA Today said, not me!). We arrived around 9:30 am and there was only a short line, it took no more then 15 minutes of waiting before we paid and were seated. For those of you that just can NOT wait, there is a line pass you can purchase for $15. Note: This is not a cheap buffet. It is priced in the same range as the other high end buffets. Brunch was about $45 per person, that includes champagne. There are other, cheaper places to get your grub on but when it comes to buffets you absolutely get what you pay for... Do not expect everything to be cooked and waiting for you to scoop out a serving, cafeteria style. That's just gross. Bacchanal has employees at all of their stations and while a decent amount of the food is premade, in SMALL batches, other items are prepared for you right then and there. Meaning you get the fresh tasting food at the right temperture, provided you can be a bit patient.. Highlights of our meal:RED VELVET PANCAKES. I was super excited to try these and they did not dissapoint in the slightest. The size of the palm of my hand, cooked to perfection and topped with both strawberries AND raspberries. Heavenly.The crepe stations. That's right, plural. The lady that made my crepe informed that that Bacchanal has crepe makers working all hours, but for breakfast they have both a sweet AND a savory crepe station. The chorizo and papas were tasty. Melon juice was delish. Freshly made-to-order omelette was perfect. One thing I knew about Yelp events is that we don't get the same experience as a "normal" customer may get, because the employees know they are serving a bunch of hella critical foodies. I actually feel like the service we got during brunch was as food if not better then the "special" service we recieved at the grand opening. A pot of coffee was left at the table for us but it was almost always poured by our waiter... My mimosa was being topped off constantly. Extra napkins? No problem. Plates cleared efficently, and all was done with a smile.Any time we have family in town that want to check out a buffet, we will be taking them to Bacchanal.
5	Our experience at the Bacchanal was amazing.  I had high expectations for this buffet and it lived up to it.  The wait seems to be a problem but they do have a line where you pay an extra $15 dollar a person and you get to skip to the shorter line.  If you are in a rush then I would say paying that extra amount is still worth it.  Even though I wasn't able to eat as much as I wanted to.  I tried my best. I got to sample a variety of food and I must say most of the items I tried were pretty good.  For the price, it is worth it.  We were seated in a little area sorta felt like the VIP area since it was the only table for 10 in that section.  Our server was tentative and kept bringing our drinks and taking away our plates.  Will definitely be back to attempt to try out the rest of the food.
2	NOT impressed. NOT worth the wait. NOT worth the price ($45)After waiting for an hour and a half, we were very excited to try the food but ended up so disappointed :( 1st trip around, everything tasted like it was left out for too long or over cooked. The chicken soup was good. 2nd trip around, everything was cold...but the lamb chop was good.We got in at 8 pm, it's unacceptable that anything should be cold or taste like it's been left out for too long especially if it was busy... doesn't make any sense.The desserts and service were decent; tonkatsu ramen was surprisingly good. I don't see myself coming back here anytime soon. Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan is better in my opinion.
3	This could have been a 4 star rating, had the seafood bar attendants not been incredibly rude.  Overall this was decent, but I definitely wouldn't wait more than about 30 mins in line for it. Fortunately our wait was about 10 minutes, and it shouldn't have been that since there were only 2 couples in line ahead of us and 4 cashiers,  but somehow there was some sort of computer snafu and they couldn't figure it out.This buffet offers a good variety of average food which is very well presented. If only the taste lived up to the visual appeal - but what can you expect from a buffet... I suppose.On the plus side: the variety is excellent. Korean, Italian, Mexican, Asian, American fare - all well presented and visually appealing. The sushi was outstanding - spicy tuna rolls were fresh and perfectly balanced. Rainbow rolls were fresh.  Edamame was crunchy and tasty. The Italian fare was also excellent- especially the bread basket!   The prime rib was tender and easily cut, very flavorful. Beef brisket was a little strange tasting. Lamb chop was average - a little more gamey than I prefer. The roasted duck was amazing.Vegetables were average. Desserts also average in taste but above average in presentation.The seafood bar was a huge disappointment. First of all the plates were in the middle of the bar - which facilitated some confusion.  The seafood displayed was apparently only for display - which the attendants somehow expected you to know.  You were supposed to ask them for hot crab legs - which actually turned out to be ice cold anyway. And don't even think about asking them to give you some hot ones.  The 'drawn butter' was not real butter. The lobster corn  chowder was very tasty but probably would have been better if it actually contained some lobster. We arrived 'early' (for Vegas anyway) - about 5:30pm. The service when we arrived was pretty poor, but after a shift change our waiter was much better.Only worth the price if you enjoy sampling small portions of a variety of food or if you have a huge appetite. Oh - and the 'beautiful views of the pool' don't exist.  I walked around the entire restaurant and there is hardly a table with a good view of the beautiful pool area. Pretty much the only thing you see is people engorging themselves.
5	Arrive early! We arrived at 6pm and stood inline for about 1 Hour and 15 minutes. It was on a weekend so we knew the lines were going to be longer than expected. It was so worth the wait. I've been to many buffets and by far Bacchanal is #1 in my book or say belly. They have so many varieties. From Chinese, Japanese, Italian, American, Mexican, Southern, French, Seafood and a whole lot of Desserts. Everything tasted fresh even the crab legs. They were perfect in proportion and didn't need to fight to get the meat out.
4	I have been here twice now the first time was dinner and the wait was 1 1/2 hours when we got in they had a great selection but as it got to 10 they stopped bringing out rib eye steak and the king crab legs weren't there also.  I would say the lamb chops were great and the sliders were awesome also.  The king crab legs are good if you can get them. The oyster shooters and on the half shell were good also they were from the east coast.  I like the dessert choices.  The service has a lot of improving to do but you can't expect much for it being a buffet.  The second time we went was lunch time and there was no king crab legs, lamb cops or rib eye steak.  So or the price of 29.00 it wasn't worth it unless you stayed into dinner time then they brought out the king crab legs the lamb chops and the rib eye steak.If I go again it would only be for dinner.
3	3.5 stars in Caesars PalaceMy friends who frequent Vegas buffets felt this buffet was comparable to others in price ($26 lunch), food quality and variety. Though this place offers dim sum and custom ordered ramen. Crab legs are served dinnertime and buffet is $45.  PROs:-Nice ambiance, semi-posh with all the glass and well lit. -Service was great. -Food: Cooked fish, shrimp cocktail, decent soup dumplings, cheese, beef lasagna, pasta, beef ribs, freshly squeeze juices. -DESSERTs:  Macaroons! 8-10 Gelatos to choose from. Custom made crepes. Small individual desserts (i.e. tiramisu and chocolate cake) were delish. I liked the pistachio souffle (you have to ask for it). Panna cotta was eh. I probably ate $10 worth of desserts.CONs:-They served several things in these small dishes including seaweed salad. On the flip side, they served fried foods in baskets which was too much food so I didn't take them. Why can't they just let you take what you want to save on dishwashing and time spent preparing them???-Burnt broccoli and cheese, burnt meat in custom ordered tacos, crab croquettes.
2	Yelp misled us here or we arrived on an off night. The quality of everything we tried was subpar. Mind you, being from San Francisco, we have very high food standards. This place just didn't cut it, especially after waiting in line an hour and a half. We ate at the Wynn buffet before and it was much better. I definitely wouldn't return here or recommend it.
2	BEWARE they do not served crab legs M-F until dinner.My waitress LD or JD was wonderful.They had a different variety of foods.Will not go again.
2	I had heard wonderful things about this buffet and believing it couldn't be all hype, my husband and I ate here last weekend. I've eaten at almost all the buffets in anyone's top 10 list of Vegas buffets. I really didn't see this one as being in the top 5. The crab was previously frozen and tasted like it. The lamb chops were cooked correctly but lacked seasoning. The deserts I tasted were meh or just OK. Many of the items were constantly out of stock and waiting to be refilled. The setup of the buffet was poor. What I mean by that is that there are lots of angles and corners so it's pretty easy to get boxed in or out when a crowd forms, which was normal. The setup to get in to the buffet was the worst I've ever seen. Consistently, there was just one person taking peoples $$ causing a huge multiple hour long queue to form. Alternatively, you could pay an additional $15PP to cut through the line. On that side, there were 2 or 3 people checking people in at any given time. The check-in folks were clueless to the unrest of the crowd and offered no apologizes from the long and unnecessary wait (the dining was NOT full by any means). The waitstaff seemed to be overworked. I ordered a soda and was given 2 glasses of soda, presumably because we would never see our waiter again, which was the case. I still say Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan is the best buffet in vegas...I'll avoid Bacchanal in the future.
3	It was a Saturday, around 1 pm, the line was extremely long, about 1 hour wait, the cashier informed us it was during brunch time, the price each person came out to be $44 something like that. I had high expectations since the reviews I read were all pretty promising, time to test out the food myself, nothing particular caught my attention, the dim sum section was nice but nothing too special. I suppose a lot of people go there for the slow crab legs which were all cracked open and made easier to eat, I am never a fan of these things, I did enjoy their jumbo shrimp.The dessert bar was nice, but I didn't like how each dessert comes in small individual plate, it makes it hard to carry them back to the table, and I ended up looking like a fat kid going back and forth for dessert!Overall it was okay, service wasn't that great, I like Bellagio's buffet better than this, cheaper too.
5	I came here for lunch one day and I was more than surprised by not only the variety of the food but the high quality of it. We all know Vegas is the home of the buffet and we all know most are garbage but Bacchanel is the best in town!
5	Best buffet I've ever been to. Still dreaming of the pork belly
5	LOVED IT!! Went for lunch one day last week and thought it was amazing! Food was a great!! Chinese, Italian, Mexican, desserts! You name it, they had it!!Our big round table was even under a huge wine glass chandelier! Perfect atmosphere!
5	Fantastic selection, terrific quality and wonderful atmosphere make this the number one buffet in Vegas!!!  Better than Wynn and Cosmo.
5	This is the best buffet in Las Vegas and I'm not even a buffet person!  The presentation is awesome and food is amazing.  Not to mention the beautiful decor....My favorites: made to order ramen, dim sum station, dessert station, Mac and cheese and must try the shrimp and grits!!!  This is the one and only buffet I'd tell all my friends to come and try!!  So worth it!!
5	As a Food caterer, and lover of great food in general, this Buffet is the absolute best I ever had in my life.  Price is not an issue, and should not be, for anyone looking for a  top quailty meal, and I understand why some may feel differently.  I have been to Vegas 40 times, and tried the Bellagio(5 stars) Wicked Spoon (4.5 stars), and The Wynn (4.5stars), and this one tops them all. WHY???   The sheer amount of variety is off the chart, BUT the quality in everything I tried was top notch.  Anyone can serve a ton of different foods ie.. Rio, Cravings, Harrahs, but to me , Quality wins every time.Suer Fresh seafood, and the Shrimp is fresh not thawed, which is awesome.The oysters looked great, and they'll warm up the crab legs for you(YES!!)          The Lamb chops were incredible, and Bone-in Rib Eye Steak was perfect, and The  Prime rib was great.  The Cheese selection was high end, and the salads were super fresh.  Excellent side dishes, and veges, all very fresh, try the asparagus, and carrots.  The lobster corn chowder was awesome.Bottom line...  Oustanding, and the desserts were amazing with real fresh fruit without the crappy sugary glaze for the fresh crepes, with real whipped cream OMG!!The lines can be long, but there is a reason for that, the food is that good.  It would take me 10 trips to get a feel for all the food, but it was awesome.  Had lunch the next day, and it was great as well. Go there and enjoy, plus our server was very friendly, and cleaned up our plates pretty quickly.You'll pay twice as much in an upscale restaurant or more for the same quailty you get here.  Long live Ceasar!!!!!
5	An absolutely epic buffet. The meat station alone is worth the price of admission for me (the prime rib was awesome), and...and...I'm losing my train of thought thinking of the meat station again (droooooooooooooooool). The desserts were all top notch as well. If you like buffets you will LOVE this one, well worth the visit. They play some pretty great music too and the atmosphere is really nice.Two things I noticed that they have to correct:1. The bread is sliced to order and there wasn't anyone readily available to slice some bread for me. I tried to take some bread myself as I thought it was pre-sliced, but they were only there for decoration. They should slice the bread and put it out for everyone.2. The top row of salad bar items is completely obscured and you have to really really really duck down to see what the items are. I gave up trying to take some of the items as it was awkward to try to grab them.All in all, a solid 5-star rating and the next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely be back here.
3	My boyfriend and I came here for lunch because of the great reviews.I was not disappointed, except for the fact they did not have crab legs, I just wasn't blown away. For the price, blowing me away is expected.I loved the atmosphere. Our server was very nice and accommodating.The food was good, not great. The dessert area had some of the best array of desserts I have ever seen. Too bad I don't like sweets much. The fruit was very fresh. They had all kinds of dishes. I did not have a favorite dish.It was a great place to try while in Vegas, but I don't think we'll return.
5	Bacchanal has set a new standard and I'm sure it's going to hold its reign as the best buffet on the Strip for a while. Here's some of the things that makes this buffet stand out from the rest: -Cheese & meat platters-Sauce station (the sauces are contained in large food jars) -Ramen station-Various candy jars filled with candy (think: swedish fish, caramels, etc)-Tater tots & fried goodies served in mini deep fryer baskets-Sushi that wasn't HORRIBLE. TIP: Prepare for a long wait--I'd say 1.5 hours+
5	Honestly, hands down, the best buffet I've ever been to. No, I am not getting paid for this, I promise ;)I'm not a huge fan of any the buffets in Vegas. I've never really liked Studio B Buffet (M Hotel) or Wicked Spoon. I only think Studio B is worth it when it's cheap (ie Friday lunch). On a Sunday evening, we stood in line starting at around 5:15 and didn't get seated until close to 6:30. Cost is average to what you normally pay at buffets, about $45-60? I think we got a decent discount for using our Total Rewards card. Seafood - AMAZING! Oh so fresh & delicious - halibut (buttery & melts in your mouth) & sashimi (restaurant quality, fresh tasting). Everything else was just as great! Lots of stuff to choose from. Dessert section was probably my favorite, I wanted to eat EVERYTHING!! I loved the fresh souffle, made to order crepes and  large selection of gelato ice cream flavors. Another plus, food presentation! :PWait and price for Bacchanal was well worth it! I'd go again ;) My only concern is that Bacchanal is indeed new and hasn't been opened (or re-opened) for a long time, so I am worried that the quality might not stay for long. Hurry and go!
3	Not very nonmeat eater friendly. Everything I thought that was suppose to be vegetarian had meat in it, lentil soup, congee soup, potatoes, the rice, . . .uh everything. I do fish too, but the fish at the sushi station was just ok. I think what was more sad was that when I left at 3:30 I noticed they had pulled out different dishes including more fish entrees. I was angry. Oh well. There were a lot of cute looking dishes. Little quail eggs on top of corned beef hash or pizza. red velvet pancakes. I didn't really enjoy my experience here, cause there was nothing for me to eat. Omelette station was gone by the time I went. I liked the truffle potatoes. I ate about 8 macaroons. The fig balsalmic gelato was good. Mimosas took forever to come. So did my water. Service sucks. Is what I am saying. For the price, I would go somewhere else. The place is nice though.
5	OMG People, let's get right down to it.  This is the BEST BUFFET IN THE WORLD!  Subjective, you say?  Well, you can't argue that it isn't the largest, with it's 500 main items, & more importantly just wait until you taste the food here.  You  don't have to be on Honey Boo Boo to say, "THIS IS SO F-ING GOOD!!"  Just grab something, along with the 580 OTHERS that are enjoying this place at a time with you...  say the BROCCOLI!  Broccoli?  Listen Homez,  if this was the only thing you ate here you would say it was the best thing you ever tasted!  Never mind the 499 other items.  This place is just nothing short of fantastic from soup to dessert & I've never had a better meal in my life.  They spent a reported $17 million dollars to open this place (in a building that was already here!) & came out with a place that is REALLY SOMETHING SPECIAL & might just be the best Buffet in the world!!     :-))Arrive a bit before 11 AM & it's $20.99.
5	There are buffets, there is the M buffet and there is Caesars palace new Bachanl. A complete different beast . This is the VOLTRON of the buffets. The Constropticon of AYCE . combining all different parts to make a mega incredible spot. I swear by this buffet and everytime I go it is a great food experienceBUT with great flavor on the strip comes the massive amounts of tourists. And when I say massive , I mean the wait feels like you are going to be getting an Iphone 6 at the front of the line.  Ive seen lots of peeps just giving up in their quest ..because they dont know that the Elysian fields were waiting for them right after paying yourStations are well devided and food is outstanding. Crab legs are huge and if you dont want them cold they cook them right there for you. Want hand rolls,ramen and sushi? fear not.theres a whole station full it. Someone said Dim sum or mexican? yep that too. They have a great selection of almost every food you might want yAfter you are done eating through prime ribs,oysters , lasagna etc..stop by the desert area. Specially the make your own crepe part.Flavor is intenseThe whole place went thorugh a 17 million dollar renovation and it shows it. new deco, new uniforms, presentation is impecabble, food quailty is hands down best for a buffet .Im fat trust me.well played HarrahsIf you are a party beast and want to quench your alcohol thirst ;you can add an all you can drink for 15 dollars. Worth every penny..all until you are dancing naked on top of a table holding 5 alaskan crablegs as glowsticks ..ask me how I know..
4	Compared to other buffets in Vegas, Bacchanal ranks at the top. I haven't tried the Wynn or Wicked Spoon yet though so I can't compare it to those but I venture to say they are all pretty much on par with each other. What I will say is that Bacchanal is definitely worth a visit. The tough part about any buffet is keeping food fresh and hot - just naturally stuff will cool down if sitting out. Overall, there are some hits and some misses, but it's great to try a lil of everything. The modest portions allow for that. Desserts were great - wonderful selection. Plus, honestly, I just had fun eating here! You can't say that about all buffets. The interior is nicely decorated and there is a lot to see as you walk around the buffet.If you get the Buffet of Buffet pass, this is an extra $15 per visit. It already went up from $10 when it first opened. But on it's own, prices are not crazy - ranges from about $17ish for breakfast to $37ish for dinner. Get the free Total Rewards card for a discount. I think Vegas and buffets are like Vegas and slot machines, Vegas and showgirls, Vegas and Cirque - it's a match made in heaven. So buffets are a must-do and if you're gonna do, then do Bacchanal!
5	This buffet has got to be one of the best buffet ever. Love that they have international food. Their halibut is a must try..it totally melts in your mouth. Their desert section is amazing. Heard their oysters is one of best too. Too bad being preggo, I'm unable to try those little suckers out. Overall, this is the best buffet by far. Probably better than m buffet in my opinion...so I'll definitely be back on my next vegas trip..
5	This was my goal when I went to Vegas. I looked up all the buffets ,and this was just the best one out there.  We got in line around 1:40 pm on a Saturday, and paid by 2:58 !!! saving 3 dollars lol because 3  - 10 pm is dinner, so the price increases from 41.99 - 44.99. It took another 20 minutes after we paid to be seated. I was shocked that they had SO MUCH SEATING, there are empty tables everywhere, so I'm guessing they understaff in order to profit ( which most places do ).  When we were walking to our table, I saw many tables that had not been cleared of plates, but were just waiting to be filled. Unlimited drinks ( fruit juices ( they have fresh squeezed watermelon juice, carrot juice, etc, but unfortunately, when we tried to order them they ran out :( , coffee, soft drinks, tea w/ real honey !!! imported from France !!!! , ) The coffee was hot, but I wish they used a darker roast, because there wasn't that much flavor.alcoholic drinks are extra. Seafood = oysters ( I had about 35 of these, I wish they were bigger, they were soo small compared to the picture shown in the advertisements)  The oysters flesh was kinda washed apart, like they had been washed too much.  So the flesh of the oysters became flaky.             crab legs =   I had a small piece of crab from my friends place, it was a little salty but not that bad, I like how you can choose to steam the legs.  I don't eat crab / try not to, because they are becoming endangered.             Mussels & clam & paella = all yummy esp the little bits of ham in the mussel soup             Cocktail shrimp = the shrimp were bigger than most shrimp cocktail i've eaten, not as big as tiger shrimp though .              Meat = prime rib juicy and tender              lamb chop = could have been more tender, and they had a whole bucket of them sitting on the serving station, so I'm not sure how long they were cooked before they were served.              slider = soo tender and i loved the mayonnaise spread the had on the buns Mexican = fresh tortillas & guac & the mexican style sweet corn w/ butter & cheese & chili  the mexican pollo soup ( i'm not sure what it was called ) it was red and oily on top was very yummy and savory. Japanese  = They had tuna poke salad !!!  & the fish was very fresh !                sadly no sashimi, but the sushi was all very fresh.                 also have your choice of miso soup ( make your own ) Chinese = typical chinese food, they had xiao long bao and lo mai gei !!!                xiao long bao is the soup dumpling, and lo mai gei is the glutinous rice with meat inside.   sweet & sour soup was good too !Italian =  they had 6 different kinds of dried meats to choose from                 (Prosciutto, Pancetta, Dried Beef, Salami, and a few other kinds )                 these were all delicious, and tasted very good with the cheeses & fresh fruit they offered. Fruit  / Salad = I didn't have any salad because I didn't want to waste space in my stomach, but the honey dew was so sweet !!! Too bad they ran out after everyone else figured out how delicious it was.  The watermelon wasn't that sweet. Cheese = I tried the white cheddar, and blue cheese, and my friend said the parmesan was yummy even though she doesn't usually like cheese.  I tried the blue cheese on accident, and spat it out because I hate blue cheese. But if you liked blue cheese, you would like there blue cheese. Dessert = I don't save dessert for last, I feel like if you do that then you will run out of room in your stomach.  I prefer to intersperse my dessert within my meals at buffet, that way you can try everything.              Creme bruleee = they have chocolate & regular creme brulee here, I tried the chocolate one and it was pretty good.           TIramisu = so good and light !!!! unhh i really liked it.           Chocolate dipped strawberry =good            Chocolate & cheesecake pop = so decadent and rich and creamy. the white chocolate cheesecake pop was SO GOOD. I would buy these separately if they offered them.            Flan = i finished all of it so good.            White / pink fluffy marshmallow = mmm so light ! home made too i think ! I even felt cute eating it !            Mini red velvet cupcake = so cute loved the decoration ! and cheesecake frosting was delicious.           Syringe dessert = i enjoyed injecting my dessert with red jam like filling, too bad they are probably not reusable. Gelato = only tried the sorbet, blood orange, tangerine, and watermelon mint all sooo refreshing light and fruity. Crepes = so good !!!! ate a whole bunch of the fresh fruits that they offered as well !!! We ended up staying at the buffet for 2 hours, I wish I stayed for longer, and walked some laps around the buffet so I could have eaten more. P.S.Cannot believe I wrote so much, I commend anyone whom actually read all of this shit.
4	I came here to celebrate my bday dinner. I like their food. Just didn't really like any of the hot dishes in the hot plates. I thought that was pretty stupid for them to thought of that idea. Everyone in line was complaining about the hot plates. But, overall the food was pretty good. I will come here again.
5	7 days in Vegas and I was here 4 times. 4 TIMES! With all the choices in Vegas, the frequency (and my newly expanded waistband) speak for itself.After some major jet lag the bf and I woke up at the ungodly hour of 7 am on Sunday and headed to Caesars to check out the brunch spread. No wait and $100.00 later  we were in. Mimosas on the table immediately, mountains of crab legs, so many amazing choices I can't even remember them all. 2 hours of leisurely brunch and we didn't even make a dent in all of the options. Everything was delicious, hardly a dud in the bunch.We ended up going to an additional breakfast and 2 lunches over the rest of the week, never with more than a 15 minute wait and always with friendly hellos from the cashiers and hostesses remembering us from the previous days. For me the brunch was the best with both breakfast and lunch options. However if you time it right on the weekdays you can definitely span both breakfast and lunch.Another plus, every waiter/waitress encouraged us to stay as long as we wanted and to get our moneys worth. Usually I feel a bit rushed at buffets, but here it was the exact opposite. I was a Wicked Spoon freak before this trip. We went to the Wicked Spoon once and were so disappointed. It does not even compare to the Bacchanal on any level (food, service, setting, etc) But frankly many of the real, nice, sit down restaurants in don't even compare to this buffet!Not saying you need to go 4 times but you must go to Bacchanal at least once when you are in Vegas!
1	Ok. So I was so pumped about this place that I went a second time and took my family that was visiting from hawai!! Sure, the wait was 2hours long, but I told them it was going to be WORTH IT. Yes, $37.00 was pushing it..... which was what we paid the last time we came, but I told them they'd get their moneys worth. We finally get to the front where we pay for out entrance, and the lady said it was "$44"  automatically im thinking, HOLY CRAP WE WERE JUST HERE and the price was not 44. She said the price changed a few days ago. Well, they should have put up a sign or something, how was I to know that?! the 37.00 was still plastered all over the website! I figured FINE, we already waited 2 hours, we might as well.  I asked for a party of 8, and she said they couldnt do more than 4 per table!! I was in shock! I mean i knew that they were busy, but one of the tings I loved about this buffet when I was there the last time was the big huge round tables they had to accommodate large groups! Right then and there I asked to speak with a supervisor, and even she was rude.  She said, and i quote , "Maam, you can clearly see were busy, we cant take big parties on one table." I told her Id be willing to wait, and she told me it was going to be "Another 2 hours" I was upset, so I just took it and said fine, give us 2 separate tables.So we get to our table, and get this. they sit us near 4 EMPTY huge tables that seat a part of 8!!!!! I was LIVID. i went up to the front and told them about it and they said that they didnt have a server for the section, even though it was 2 feet away from us! Oh, and it gets worse.... so we've already waited 2 hours in line right? Just the line alone to get to the food was ridiculous!!! I waited for 15 in just for crab legs..... when I went to the asian section to get the roasted duck that I wanted, it was COMPLETELY empty, and had to wait for that too.... and a lot of the stuff they used to have when I first went there was GONE.Overall, $44 for a buffet? Bad Service? Not enough food? Long waits? SOOOOO OVERRATED! I wont ever go back, I can get way better food for $44 and wayyy better service and not have to wait as long.  Wicked spoon at the  Cosmo is now my new Number 1!!!
4	Went on a monday around 6 waited an hour not bad Food was extreamly good looked just like their video...only thing was twoards the end of dinner around 830 9 the food quality started to go down so next time im getting there earlier so i can get in at five the $15 per person line pass if you have the money and dont want to wait is awesome! cant wait to go again and make this a five star review!
3	The food here is very good, but the experience is marred by long wait (to get in ... wait for the food are fairly short or nonexistent), high prices, and poor service.I went with friends for a late lunch/early dinner on a Saturday and waited almost an hour and a half and paid $48 to get in. As we were leaving (around 6), the line seemed twice as long as when we got there.Anyway, the food. Just about everything is good. Highlights for me were the lamb chops, tomahawk ribeye steak, king crab legs (that they'll heat if you ask and are pre-cut), and dessert. Salad bar seemed good too but I'm a carnivore.
3	Alright. I hate to do this, but they have forced me to downgrade them a star based on my most recent experience there. Really the only super great thing about this buffet is the ribeye. The shrimp seems to be better quality than the last time. The lamb was just so-so this time around. And of course you know I already have an issue with their version of chocolate souffle. This time they only offered the banana & pistachio flavored souffle. I knew banana was already not worth the cheat from my usual Paleo diet, so I decided on the pistachio...ughh.... it was not good either. It tastes like they are using a commercial sysco brand base cake mix then just adding different flavorings. Well, it's just gross & not light and fluffy with the egg whites texture that one would usually expect from a typical souffle.Also they raised their price up to $42.99 from $34.99 which is crazy for the lack of what you get here. Just not worth the time, money, or cheating from the diet. Go to Bally's Sterling brunch on Sundays for $85/per person where you know you will get your money's worth plus really enjoy your meal....all you can eat lobster etc.
3	sunday brunch...line forming eleven am and getting longer by the minute...reaching register and part of total rewards casino...paying $forty-three.twenty-three exact per...others asleep or late...service quite slow...over fifteen minutes to request coffee and orange juice...a pot of coffee delivered and never refilled...starting with snow crab legs...split for easy pickings...enjoy self-serve cold or request heating...cocktail, horseradish or hot butter dips...pile of legs and mountain of cold peeled prawns...crustacean start...sushi selection quite poor in appearance and quality...simple salmon and tuna slivers dead above rice ball...looking dry and dull...best not to even attempt if it looks this poor...standard american-asian...hot trays of pad thai, egg rolls, sweet 'n' sour, dim sum dumplings, etc...fillers and passing...taking a salty smoked salmon delicious....chunks of whole smoke trout tasty...sliver of prime rib juicy, salted crust and perfect...dry rub ribs a stiff chew...hash browns or tater tots in individual little fryer baskets for presentation cute and crunchy....individual carafes of fresh juices from cucumber to grapefruit self-serve...some fresh fruits and a crepe to finish...just a crepe made fresh...build your own after...endless choices and decent brunch buffet...
4	My friends and I waited 2 hours for the buffet about 2-3 weeks after it first opened.  It was $39.  I heard it was $35 but I guess they maybe jacked up the price for the I Heart Radio weekend.Tip: Each person in your group should get a player's card to save $3 on the buffet.  (the $39 was after the discount)My thoughts on the buffet...Food - AMAZING! They have so much variety from Asian, Italian, Mexican, American, etc. They have BBQ pork ribs, beef brisket, tomohawk steaks,truffled potato, sweet potato fries, seafood like crab legs, shrimp, and mussels. They have dim sum, ramen and pho!  If you like hot crab legs, ask the chefs to get it for you from the back.  They don't put the hot ones out in front for some reason, only the cold ones.Only bad thing was no fruit for dinner except if you can find them as toppings from the desserts. Some desserts to name a few arecrepes, cupcakes, cakes, creme brulee, gelato, tiramisu, mousse, souffles, and cake pops.  Desserts looked great but wish they tasted better.Presentation - Super cute! It's very similar to the presentation at Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo.  They have their fried chicken in mini frying baskets and mini ketchup bottles.  The amount of desserts were impressive but I wish they spent more time of the taste of it instead of how it looked.   Service - POOR.  I understand they were crazy busy but our waitress would forget one drink and bring another.  She wouldn't take our plates away without being asked.  I expected better service for the price you pay.If you're a vegetarian, you should probably stay away.  You would not get your money's worth at this buffet.
5	I'm sorry to say this Buffet has surpassed the Bellagio Buffet interms of food selection and ambiance, making it #1 on my list of top Vegas buffets. My aunt wanted to treat us for lunch and so she decided to take us to Bacchanal Buffet because she had a great experience with the range of food offerings. The modern design of the buffet makes this place relaxing along with the hip music. The last time I was here was when this buffet was the Lagos Buffet and I wasn't impressed at all and being in Caesar's Palace, you'd thought it would be on par with the Bellagio or Wynn Buffet. WRONG!I went during lunch time on a Monday and there wasn't a line so we just went straight to the buffet. Just by looking at the new chic design of the buffet, I knew I wouldn't be disappointed, the first section on your left was the seafood and I just had to have the cocktail shrimp first as always but crab legs were only offered during dinner time. =/The cocktail shrimp didn't disappoint, I tried the lobster melody or lobster chowder and that was very good and creamy. The meat station always had a long line but the wait was worth it and included;  hot links, fresh sliced bacon, wild turkey, beef brisket and your choice of sauce for the meat. On the far left side of the buffet was the Asian section, tucked away in the corner that included, Chinese, Vietnamese and sushi, the food was excellent and tasted like it came from a 5 star Asian restaurant. They also had a Mexican, Italian and dessert section. I must warn you not to skip the dessert section and save some room in your stomach for your sweet tooth. The dessert section was designed with glasses all around the top of the dessert island and glass in blue and yellow squares gives it a chic touch. I went to the crepe station where they make your crepe but you personalize it yourself with toppings and different flavors of sauce they leave out. The mini muffins were very sweet and so was the tangerine cake. The customer service was excellent and they always refilled my drinks and checked how everything was and the quality of the food. First time diners were given a tour by their host about the location of each station and what food was offered, I thought was very nice. Caesars really has stepped up on this buffet and sorry to say has outdone the Bellagio, Aria and Wynn Buffet.My new list of Top Buffets in Vegas include:1. Caesar's Palace - Bacchanal Buffet 2. Bellagio - The Buffet3. Aria - Buffet of Aria4. Wynn - The Buffet5. Planet Hollywood - Spice Market Buffet
4	Where do I start?  Let's start with the line.........LONG. went on a Sunday after church to catch the brunch and stood for about an hour and a half.  However this may be,  being a Vegas resident for two years now, I've developed cement feet and the unwavering ability to remain unflustered in zig zagging never single filed lines in the name of all you can eat happiness.  Although some similar buffets draw lines similar in size, they do not come close to the variety and atmosphere this buffet brings.  Instead of going into detail of what I ate I've come up with these quick notes that cover things either than the above average buffet food.  -great and clean presentation at all stations-confusing layout-all food was fresh-slow service possibly due to business flowAll in all probably the best value and quality buffet on the strip.
1	Update.....price is now $44 for dinner. OMG I don't get these reviews at all. I live in LV so I admit that I resist buffets but we had visitors in town so we had this at the top of our list. First of all, we get in line and a pleasant employee tells us the line is 90 minutes at our point but we can each buy a $15 fast pass so we can zip into the vip line. Well, we decided to decline that generous offer and lo and behold.....the 90 minute line was actually 40 minutes. Just a ploy to get you to part with more money. When we did get in, there were multiple empty tables that stayed empty the entire time we dined. Seems like they just want to build excitement and keep the buffet line long so they can sell some more of those "fast passes". The buffet stations were ill kept and congested. There were a few small plate standouts, but the bbq station had one guy trying to carve for too many folks. The server NEVER brought us refills and our plates stacked up around us. It appeared that they did not have enough bus help or servers on the floor. I hate it when I am surrounded by dirty dishes. It certainly did not live up to the reputation many have expressed here. Really LOUD too!King crab was the worst quality I have EVER eaten. What a joke! Desserts were beautiful, but after a bite of several, I left them on my plate. UGH! Lousy quality for such lovely looking plates. The diabetic dessert consisted of three choices. I am only grateful that we tried this before we wasted a ton of money bringing our family members here during the holiday.Like I said, I don't care for buffets, but if I were to consider any, I would go to the "M" resort with way better service, food & ambiance and even free wine and beer with the buffet. Please don't buy all the hype. We all thought it was one overpriced slop shop.
5	The best buffet ever. I had dinner on a week night. Yes, the cost is $45, but it's worth it. Though I sampled most cuisines which were offered, I spent most of my time in the seafood line where I had my heart's desire of king crab, prawns, ceviche and lobster bisque. The crab and shrimp were steamed super hot just for me. Oh my and no words to explain the intensity of taste as I savored each morsel of seafood dipped in hot butter. Yummo! The experience is worth the wait and the cost.
5	The newest buffet on the Strip and it was amazing! I have not heard one person didnt enjoy this buffet!!! sure the line is long but its all worth it plus every decent buffet line is long in Vegas. Food quality is absolutely at top, seafood is fresh with huge selections with variety of 500+ dishes!! This buffet top Bellagio, Wynn and M resort, your newest spot to experience Las Vegas style buffet!!
3	An amazing buffet for what it is.  Caesars Palace really took it's time in renovation and making the decor and ambience a world class feel with contemporary looks and divisions of room sections. Place was clean in presentation as it should be with a newly open place.  Depending on the time of day...average wait times can range between 45 minutes to 1 hour and a half.  For now, being a newly open buffet with all the hype, expect off times to be at least a 45 minute wait.  During Lunch times 12:00pm and Dinner time around 6-7pm especially on a weekend,  you will most likely be there more than an hour.  The Lamb Chops and Rib Eye Steaks were excellently executed in cooking and portion size.  I would even go as to say the cuts of meat here rival and to some circumstances exceed quality of Texas de Brazil.  The New England clam chowder was creamy and filled to perfection with real clams. The dessert bar is exquisite, rather small looking in size it does have plenty of selection that one can appreciate to choose from.  The best part is the crepe station...and you can go around and add any toppings from fruits, to syrups, to nuts & chocolate, ice cream and even candy or more.  I could go on and on about the food...and pros......but with the good reviews one may ask why I gave it a mediocre 3 stars??? WELL ..... The quantity and variety deserve two thumbs up...but on an average appeal, Bacchanal would almost be typical to your usual quality buffet in Las Vegas.  The self advertised "over 500 items" supposedly makes it the most selections of food in a single buffet.  Could it be an illusion though, that it doesn't seem that way? Maybe...maybe not.  And what is up with the smaller portions in individual mini plates?  They must have took this one out of the book at (COSMOPOLITAN's "Wicked Spoon" BUFFET)  "your welcome for the free plug and advertisement" hehe, but on a serious note, this is plain ridiculous.  Sure it helps cut down on wasting food, but you can barely carry a plate with food without it taking up so much space! and plus more unnecessary dishes to clean?  I guess the price hike will take care of that.  On the other hand...the chefs/cooks cater to your needs upon availability.  Sometimes they are so welcoming, other times they are no where to be found or walking past you without acknowledgement.  It really is a hit or miss.  That is respectable for a busy buffet though.  What annoyed me is the price went up as I was told by the cashier for a second time.  Opening month was approx mid $35 minus any rewards club membership or discounts for dinner rates.  Now, the price with rewards card came out to $46 plus per person.  That's fine and dandy once in a while...but with that price you would expect the food on the counter being on point...re-filled and not being left to a crumb.  Not this time around I guess...it was kind of disappointing.  This was also my second time at this buffet...and our server looked lost giving us wrong drinks and not even making an effort to check on us or refill our drinks.  Felt like we were being ignored.  Could have been a second strike and bad day for our server...but no excuse for customer service.  We had to call a different server who apologized and gave us our drinks promptly.  Caesars management need to emphasize this critical area for it could be a downfall in the long run.  For this price...I might rather go to the Wynn, Bellagio or Wicked Spoon buffet instead.  Don't get me wrong...Bacchanal is a wonderful buffet experience that I recommend one tries at least once in their lifetime or during a Las Vegas Vacation trip...but seriously raising the price...Common Caesars Palace...Step it up!!! Next time I might not be so willing to empty my pockets and bring my hungry taste buds here...or more so... I may recommend others elsewhere, where they can get better quality and service.   I don't disagree with all the 4 & 5 star ratings on here...but this was a personal experience I had to be honest about during 2 visits here.  If I do come back a third time...please prove me wrong.
4	Step aside Bellagio, there's a new player in town. Baccanal at Caesers is where you want to be. The food selection is obviously extensive. I felt full just by looking at all the food. Want fresh hand made chinese noodles? No problem, Asian dude behind the counter is showing off his dough tossing skill. The seafood selection was amazing. I usually load up on alot of shrimp but I didnt realize how big they were until I sat down and looked at my loaded plate. I think gameplay play for this buffet is to hit the seafood first.  You'll get your money's worth in just one trip. Next, attack the meat section. Prime Rib, Tomahawk steak, ribs..need I go on? Japanese, Chinese, Italian, and many more. I wanted so badly to try every item but its just not possible. The wait is about 1-2 hours. You can pay the extra to get in quicker or hope you have a high roller friend with a diamond card. The service was very friendly, but one issue was that the waitresses seemed confused. They constantly forgot drink orders and where the orders went. It just seemed very unorganized. Bacchanal is definitely my new buffet spot now. Give it shot when you're in town.
2	Great decor. That is all i can really say about this place. I would definitely prefer Wicked Spoon and Bellagio Buffet over Bacchanal. It was too expensive and the hostesses/staff move at sloth pace! To get crab you have to line up. To get to the carving station you have to line up. It makes no sense to line up to get into the buffet and line up again to get your food.
2	Pro: Variety of offerings, good juices, some tasty salty breakfast meatsCon: Overpriced ($45+ for Sunday breakfast at 8a), slow service, many things were cold even though they just opened - why do I have to walk from middle of line to end of line to get cream cheese for my bagel - bagels and cream cheese need to be placed togetherNice place but overpriced - this was not a champagne breakfast - should not be $45 - also should not have cold food that should be hot at that price
5	Awesome.  Worth the $15 extra to get to the front of the line.  Everything was well prepared and the desserts were numerous and tasty.  I usually do not like buffets but this was great.
2	not worth the 2 hour 10 minute wait and the $43 + tax for weekend dinnerdined with au, jq, ln, mn, and nnthere really wasn't that much food in each section to choose from:- the chinese section had a few dim sum items that are more mainstream: shrimp dumpling, siu mai, pork bun, shanghai dumpling, glutinous rice wrapped in lotus leaf. then there were the items that you would see at panda express. and there were a few that you would see from a chinese deli like roast duck. i only tried the roast duck in this section and it was leaner than the ones in sf. it tasted no different than the ones i normally get, but the skin was a bit crispier because it didn't steam in a container to transport it from ctown to home. - in the japanese section, there were 4 types of bite size sushi: california, california with a piece of cooked shrimp, tuna, and california with tuna on top. it tasted okay, but nothing to brag about. the short ribs were chewy and my teeth couldn't tear it apart.- the italian section was just mainly pizza and a few other hot items. we only tried the fried calamari which borrowed the idea of serving it in a a mini frying basket from another buffet. it was well seasoned and cooked to the right consistency (not rubbery).- around the corner is the mexican section with various salsa and make your own taco type thing. they have a huge circular grill that you would see at a mongolian noodle place, but most of it was not used. the chicken tamale had lard so i only ate half of one. the tiny sliver of chicken was can barely be seen, but the masa was not grainy and had a smooth even texture. - the breads don't visually look very good. i saw some slices of baguette and took one to try and it was dried to the core. i can't imagine what the other breads were like if they messed up on a simple baguette. - southern foods was the next stop. the sweet potato tots didn't have the excess sugar added like the sweet potato fries. the oil for the fried chicken was stale and that flavor passed onto the chicken. after ripping off the batter, the drumstick beneath was moist, but it's hard to dry out dark meat. the fries had a hard, brittle, dense starchy texture. the waffle fries were too salty.- carved meats station turned out to be a fat station. a slice of brisket 6x4" had 0.5x2" of meat and the rest was fat. and the small piece of meat was marbled with fat. then there was some other meat that was dry. - the line for seafood was long. the crab legs were too salty. the salmon was okay. the shrimps were big and not rubbery. the mussels in the buttery broth were my friends' favorite in that entire section. - from the dessert section, i tried the creme brulee which was very rich and the sugar wasn't crispy, so it's been sitting out. the color of the french macaron didn't match the color. i had a gray one which i thought would be earl grey but it turned out to be blueberry, but the almond extract masked the blueberry pretty well. the crepes were made by a newbie. i had one just cooked and the other was practically burnt. jq took a bite of of each dessert and didn't like most of it. our server was a nice elder gentleman who stocked our table with water as well as other beverages. when asked if there was hot chocolate he said he'll check to see if they have that and suggested to have that towards the end of the meal because that will make you full. but i don't think they have that.
5	Tried this place in September a few days after the grand opening. Three words:Oysters. Oysters. Oysters!If I can count each oyster as a dollar-- I definitely got my money's worth from eating here!I've been to the Cesar's buffet back when it was on the Buffet of Buffet deal a while ago. Now that they remodeled it, it certainly is a treat. The food stations are very well organized and have a lot of offerings from American, Seafood, Asian (Chinese/Japanese), Mexican, Sliced Meats anc cheeses, Soups, Salads, and basically everything else. I like how everything was presented modernly (similar to the Wicked Spoon). The only thing I couldn't dig was the huge ass dinner line that stretched for at least a mile and three quarters. Similar to waiting for your favorite ride at Disney land, it definitely built up my expectations (and my hunger) as my friends and I were waiting in it.More recently, my dad was telling me how the Bellagio buffet was around $25 back in the day and how he thought that was expensive... My oh my how things have changed...
1	I was in Vegas celebrating my birthday early with my family, my mother really wanted to try the new $17 million dollar Caesars Buffet. We go for lunch and the line was worse than Space Mountain at Disney. We see a sign for a $15 line pass. This by the way is the only dollar amount being marketed in the buffet area. This entire area is a giant fail by the marketing department. There are no prices listed for the buffet. There are no prices listed for the special 24 hour buffet pass. People are getting to the cashier, which at 1pm on a Saturday, there is only one cashier, one cashier - and they are walking away at the ridiculous prices! Caesars, put up marketing materials, tell us how much the buffet costs. I was at wicked spoon and they tell you everything before you stand in line. Tell us the $15 line pass is per person. Tell us that if you come back the next morning, you'll have to pay another $15 to not wait in the line after you've already spent $65 a person plus tax and tip. Well after complaining to the manager, we finally sat down for the buffet. I liked the buffet, the food was tasty. I didn't overeat or go overboard because I was saving my appetite for my birthday dinner. Well, a few hours later, I'm gambling at the Wynn and it hit me. I got really sick to my stomach. I did make it to my bday dinner before I had to leave and spend the rest of my trip and a few min before my flight out in the bathroom. Thanks Caesars Buffet!
4	I went to this buffet on Saturday 10/20/2012 and started to wait in line at like 6pm. It was a 130 minute wait from the end of the line to the cashier and then another 30 minute wait after paying the cashier to be seated. 170 minutes total! It was good that I wasn't hungry until like 8pm and I had my Ipad there with me so I was able to watch a movie so that wait wasn't that bad for me. I highly suggest going when you are not hungry so that when you finally get seated, you will get hungry. Also I highly suggest bringing a laptop or an ipad so you can watch your movie while you are waiting to pass the time.Unfortunately on the day I went, they ran out of the stone crab claws and watermelon juice. Their souffle were horrible and by far the worse souffle I've had, but the rest food were good and this place is probably the best buffet in Vegas. I will probably go again, but I will be in line at around 4pm so that I can only wait for 1 hr instead of 2 hrs or greater.
5	A month after the grand opening Elite event, I'm finally back at the scene of the crime for my official non-event review. Feel free to refer to my first review (http://www.yelp.com/biz/elite-grand-opening-feast-bacchanal-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:HtoQJRMMYxheSWyYYU_3XA) for the "before" comparison.With my mom in town, I knew I had to take her to the latest Vegas hot spot. It was her first experience here and my first chance to see if the honeymoon period had worn off. The strategy was too obvious: go for lunch and stick around until the dinner menu transition. It actually worked too well since the wait only took 45 minutes starting from 1 pm. The weekday lunch price, which might or might not have included a slight players card discount, was $26.99. They've definitely raised the cost since opening week.After a circumnavigation of the dessert island, we were seated at a somewhat awkward table next to one of the glass dividers. It actually felt like my chair was in the middle of an obvious walkway. It wasn't that distracting for me, but I did have people try to walk around me sometimes. Oh, and while I'm on the atmosphere, it was dark because the light above us had burned out, but I think that all the awesome light fixtures are above bigger tables anyway. And the music was... well, lounge-y and loud enough to be heard but not distracting.I actually ended up trying a lot of different foods than in my last trip, and there were some real treats this time. The fish in the fish and chips basket was so fluffy and yummy. The lobster corn bisque was so good that I could eat it all day (but I only had two). The ramen was good enough that I found myself slurping up the broth, which clearly violates the general buffet principle of not consuming too much liquid. The poke salad was respectable for a buffet. The beef brisket didn't taste so strange this time, especially after cutting off the outer layer. The jumbo shrimp cocktail was solid, and the king crab legs (dinner menu) were great and came pre-steamed (no wait). Although the steaming was far from thorough, I enjoyed cold and warm crab meat alike.Out of the desserts, the top-it-yourself crepe was so good that I'm not sure why I skipped it the first time. I can't recall any other buffets with so much fresh fruit (sliced strawberries, raspberries, blueberries, blackberries, and possibly a chance to do something which those bananas if you want) at the crepe station. With the cream and choice of syrups, you can probably just eat crepes all dessert long. The chocolate creme brulee was pretty thick and lived up to its billing as chocolate, although the brulee left a bit to be desired. I also tried new ice cream flavors this time: the aztec chocolate was strangest with its cinnamon and spiciness, the fig and basalmic was pleasantly sweet (although I'm not sure where the balsamic went), and the brown butter caramel was just so rich and creamy (my favorite so far).Not everything worked though, and that's fine. That's why you read Yelp to see what to avoid, or else sample modestly so you can cut your losses. I thought that the prime rib had too much inedible stringiness, the ceviche and gazpacho were too strong in a bad way, the crab croquettes and the italian meatballs were just okay, and the blackberry panna cotta was not as good as last time. Also strangely lacking were some of the desserts that I remember from my first visit, including a green tea mousse - maybe it's only brought out later at night?I haven't been to all the other popular buffets too recently, but Bacchanal is still probably the best buffet in Vegas. If you want to have a buffet some time this year, choose this one.
1	The 1-star is for the wait and the way management dealt with the situation. I waited for basically 3 hours. Some people behind us in line waited over an hour and were turned away! Then they told us that essentially we would only have ~30 minutes to get food. Um, really? After waiting an hour, we discovered that we could have paid $15 extra to skip the line. We wished we knew that earlier, but at that point, didn't think it'd take another 90+ minutes to get seated. Once inside, the place was half empty and plenty of food. I went in feeling so frantic that it took half an hour just to relax and enjoy my dinner. The manager should have told us when we paid not to worry that the food will stopped being served in 30 minutes, but that it would plenty of time to enjoy. Because the way told us (with fear in her eyes) freaked me out. And honestly, there was more than enough time, I didn't have to run around piling plates on the table. I could have made 2 or 3 trips of smaller plates. Summary - overall, one star because of the horrible wait and customer service. Management should really work in this area.For the food itself, it really is a 4.5 star buffet: Oysters - 5 stars, made sure to get at least half a dozen to get my moneys worth. They aren't as good as shucking your own up in Tomales Bay, but they do look like Sweetwaters. Most importantly, they are juicy and plump and tasty.Crab legs - 4 starsShrimp - eh, 2 stars. seemed undercooked, not cripsy but plasticy, and were gross. I ended up wasting a lot of these because I got so many the first round, and they were gross.Dim Sum - 5 stars, just as good as the best in the Bay. The hao gao and shu mai were good, but the Shangheinese dumpling was the best. Super juicy. Hot meats - 4 stars, co-worker really, really enjoyed the lambNigiri - 4 stars, only 2 types, salmon and tuna, but both nice and fresh. The nigiri is kinda hidden away though. It's hidden in a corner and easy to miss if you're not looking for it.Charcuterie - 5 stars, lots and lots of coppa and other good stuffCheese - 3 stars. tillamook, really? Tillamook is good, but they could definitely improve the cheese selection. There were no soft cheeses :( Beverage selection - 2 stars because there are only 2 wines by the glass. Seriously, meh. I would have loved a glass of Sauv Blanc for $7, but the bottles are $25 and  you know those are $10 at BevMo. Skip.Environment - 4 stars. The place is brand new and designed, it's pretty and relaxing. Unfortunately due to the experience above, it took 30 minutes to relax after getting in there. Management has some BIG KINKS to work out. I won't be back for quite a while.
5	Bacchanal is insanely good for a Vegas buffet. It is most definitely a must try on your next trip to the city. My bf has been hearing all the raves about it, so it was on top of our to-do list.On a Sunday night there was a very long line, so instead of waiting for hours for a table, we went straight to the "express" lane and coughed up an additional $15 per person. It was totally worth it because the wait had cut down to about 20 minutes. There was an overwhelming amount of tasty quality food to try. With nine different kitchens, we tried numerous of dishes. In the seafood section, my favorites would have to be the lobster corn bisque soup and the salmon. There was also seafood paella, cocktail prawns, crab legs, and OYSTERS. I was a bit scared to try the oysters, but it tasted surprisingly decent.The prime rib and briskets was not phenomenal but was still well made. There was also fried chicken, lamb chops, and a fair sized salad/deli bar. As tasty as the Italian kitchen looked, I didn't make any room to try their pastas. In the Chinese and Japanese kitchen, the sushi didn't taste a day old, and their dimsum was actually pretty good. I was surprised that they were also serving pho and tonkatsu ramen. The ramen was tasty with a smokey flavor, but a little on the salty side. We were seated right next to the dessert kitchen, so everything there looked incredibly irresistible. They had an excellent selection of cake pops, bread pudding, cute little pastries, and savory gelato and sorbet flavors. It is definitely worth saving some room in your stomach to try bunch of the sweet goods. The most enjoyable dessert would have to be the mango chili sorbet. It was a nice balance between the heat from the chili and the cool and sweet taste from the mango. The ambiance at Bacchanal was very nice, and you are bound to have a good dining experience here. The modern decors was beautiful, and service was excellent and friendly. We are most definitely coming back here to try the other dishes we had missed out.
5	Timing is everything.  After reading some of the horror stories about the wait, we decided to go for early brunch on a monday.  We got there about 10:15, which is the perfect time.  Most of the breakfast items were still out, but they began switching over to lunch about 10:30 or so.  Basically no wait, but by the time we left around 11:30 it was full and a pretty good line.  Food was well done and the presentation was perfect. Many items were served in single portion dishes or cast iron pans(cuts down on the waste)  AAmazing choices and even a crepe bar.  There are other reviews  that go more in detail about the great food but I wanted to give a heads up on the timing.
4	LOVE the food there!  I especially loved the ramen.  Very good flavor.  Salami selection great too!  Meat carving station is huge!  If you like lamb chops, they have it!  Orange juice is fresh squeezed, and you can tell it was freshly squeezed within the hour!Pricey, it was $32 (with Players card) on opening week.  Now (3 weeks later), it's $43 per person!
5	Move over Bellagio and Wynn buffets, this is my new favorite buffet at Las Vegas!  Their food and dessert selections were awesome and everything I tried was pretty tasty.  They have a seafood station, American, Mexican, Italian, Japanese and Chinese stations, a salad and fruit bar, cheese station, a dessert station. Highlights included fresh boiled crab legs (no salty taste), Prime Rib, fresh oysters, clam bake, crab cakes, sweet potato taters, black chicken ginseng soup, ramen, a taco bar, freshly dipped chocolate strawberries, made-to-order souffles, tasty keylime tarts, and a big selection of gelato and other delicious desserts.  We arrived around 2:20 p.m. on a weekday for a late lunch and waited for about 5-10 minutes before being seated - which was really quick.  No long lines, you pay the lunch price (a discounted $27 for lunch versus a whopping $43 for dinner - dinner starts at 3 p.m.) and still get some of the dinner stuff like the fresh crab legs. I wished my stomach was bigger because I didn't get to try much of the desserts and I was super stuffed when I left.  I can't wait to go back!
5	My new #1 buffet in Vegas!  So worth the money!
5	I'm generally indifferent about buffets.  You come hungry, you stuff your face for a couple of hours and you leave feeling like a fat ass.  End of story.  That's pretty much the case at every buffet not named Sizzler.  Very rarely do I leave as impressed as I did after my visit to Bacchanal.Seriously, hands down the best buffet in Vegas!  The service, the presentation and the food selection are top notch.  They borrow a lot of ideas from other buffets like Wicked Spoon with the cute presentation and tiny portions.  Vegas buffets are all about pleasing the masses.  You might not love the the whole menu, but you'll usually find something you love.  And at Bacchanal, you'll probably find a whole lot more than that.Some of my favorite things from weekend brunch ($39.99 with Total Rewards card, $41.99 without):-fresh juice selection served in glass bottles (melon juice ftw!)-unlimited mimosas!-perfectly fried chicken fried steak-personal omelet bar-juicy prime rib-super flavorful lamb chops (available during dinner menu transition)-seafood selection (crab legs, oysters, mussels, shrimp, sushi)-surprisingly decent ramen (pho and wontons also available)-dessert crepe barCheers to gluttony at its finest!
5	So for those who are wondering if Bacchanal tops Bellagio's, The Buffet at Wynn, or Wicked Spoon, the answer is a resounding YES.It is pricey, sure, but for the quality of food you're getting I think it's very well worth it. The lamb chops here are phenomenal. Perfectly spiced. The prime rib is awesome. The seafood is top notch. Sweet king crab and great oysters. Fresh shrimps! The freshly-squeezed juices. Omgosh. Really memorable. Probably the best orange/melon juice I had. The runner ups: seafood paella, korean short ribs, veal, shu mai, artisan pizzas, shrimp & grits, meat & cheese stations ...But for me their dessert  wins it all. Yummy crepes, cakes, & macarons. Truly unique ice cream flavors like watermelon & mint, chili lime & jalapeno, baklava, & aztec chocolate. We've been here twice (before 11 am & 5 pm respectively) and we never had to wait for more than 10 minutes. No lines! If you're planning to experience at least one buffet in LV, this is it!
4	casinos are confusing.  i get lost easy in them and i think that is the point.  there are many buffets in ceasar's palace (as there are in vegas in general) and it would be worth it to make it a point to ask for directions to this particular one.  it's one of the more expensive ones, but it was quite easy to eat through what I thought would be about $35 worth.buffets are also a new way of life for me with the little one.  while a buffet would not be a first choice for me in general, this one was worth it and it would keep my son happy.  a win-win i will take since i get so few of them.being that he is a toddler, he was also free.  everything there is done with care.  asian food is decent, though i would skip the sushi.  i don't know if it's my two year long mexican food dry spell, but the carne asada and guacamole is delicious. seafood is plentiful and i was impressed that the braised fish dish was not over-cooked- quite complex (like something i would order as a plated dish).desserts are prettier than tasty.  that really didn't stop me from sampling extensively.  we got here early for dinner to avoid a defcon 1 hunger tantrum.  at about 5:30 we waited about 20 minutes to get through the line.  when we left, the line was easily 5 times as long, in which case i would never wait that long for this place with or without the child.
4	A plate of fancy desserts, a plate of carved meats & BBQ, while slurping a bowl of beef pho and tonkotsu ramen. Don't. f*ck. up. this. rotation.Excited to see that Ceasars Palace was finally opening the doors of its highly anticipated $7 million buffet, Vegas buffets are very similar to one another (all equipped with seafood, carving station, fancy dessert station, etc). Generally, new buffets start off very well, so we jumped to try this before it begins to spiral down in quality (all buffets eventually do this).Bacchanal seems to have adapted a lot of Wicked Spoon ideas like the brilliantly idiotic concept of individually plating items in dishes/pots/pans/mini-deep fryers so that items do not fit on your existing buffet plate (Why does fancy plating mean that we have to further frequently pace back and forth for more food?)But, all in all, the food at Bacchanal is a solid buffet competitor to Wynn, Cosmo, & Bellagio.The perfect time to go to a Vegas buffet is right before lunch ends (2:30).  (Props to Justin Y.)That way:1. You avoid peak rush hours and the death line wrapped around the corner. 2. You pay for the lunch price, while dinner items are new and slowly filter in at stations. I.E Crab legs were were not offered for lunch, but appeared later during our meal3. Going out at night? Luckily for you, you had a late lunch/early dinner so you will feel like less of a whale in that tight dress.Bacchanal Back-anal jokes aside, this place is recommended
5	This buffet is top notch and everything I tried was delicious.  After Bally's Sterling Sunday Brunch ($95), this is definitely my favorite buffet in Las Vegas.  The items that really stuck out to me were the small plate dishes, the sushi, and the meat carving station, but everything I had was perfect.  I didn't even look at the huge dessert area.  It's a little overwhelming, but it's a great buffet.  Go slow and pace yourself or your experience will be over way too soon.  I went on Sunday for the champagne brunch ($43) and felt like I really got a really great deal.  The "champagne" actually says "champagne "on the side of the bottle, but it's an inexpensive sparkling wine from California.  I have nothing but good things to say about this buffet.  It seems to be very popular and the line looked crazy long when we left.  When we arrived, it was about 10:30 a.m. on Sunday and the line was not bad at all.  The service was outstanding and our champagne and water glasses were always full, despite out best efforts.  Caesar's has done a great job on the contemporary design of the restaurant and it does not have a cafeteria feel.  If you're in Vegas, don't miss this new awesome buffet.  Food-5 stars, Value-4 stars, service-5 stars, Ambiance-5 stars.
4	Oh my god, so good!  A HUGE selection of food - the crab legs are my all time favorite and they did not disappoint.  Sushi, American, Chinese, deserts so much fooood!!!  The reason I only give 4 instead of 5 stars is because of how long the wait is.  Yes, I understand there are a lot of people who want to eat there, and that's great...but on Sunday at 11am (probably one of the busiest times) there was only one person checking in the "regular" folks that didn't want to pay an extra $15 to wait in line.  There were six computers and only four in use.  If you wanted to pay to skip the line, you could and three out of four of the people were taking those customers.  Pretty ridiculous.  I waited an hour and missed out on prime sun time at the pool, I'd wait again....but not happily!
4	Pretty good but the Buffet at Wynn is better and the Wicked Spoon even better!I liked sushi Pho and ramen and smoked bacon and geleto!I didn't like Korean short ribs it was bland the Wicked spoon got it better!The service was a slow filling up the drinks....!It wasn't bad so I will be back! I think it is best to start buffet of buffet here even you pay $25 extra for Weekend Bruch I think it is worth it...!And they also have suger free desserts...!
5	This isn't your grandmother's smorgasbord......WHOA - you will be amazed, so many choice and don't forget to see ALL of the buffet, like it goes around the corner!!!We went early on a Sunday morning and didn't have a wait at all, but by the time we left it was a good 1.5 hour wait, so go early and come VERY hungry.I love the way the food it set out, like tapas style - 'little plates'.   I'm a Wynn Buffet person and this one is on par.  This is really a great way to try NEW things.
2	Seriously, 5 stars for this????   We arrived at 7pm on a Friday night, the line was  long and not moving.  I asked the one of the workers if there was a handicap line and he said he would check  (I wear leg braces and cannot stand for long periods of time).  The worker directed me to another line, which I later found out was the express line where you can pay $15 to bypass the "regular" line.  Ok, after explaining to the cashier I was sent through her line and didn't have to pay the $15 extra due to ADA, she finally agreed (after asking her manager).   And then I come to the hostess.  I show her my receipt and she tells me next time I need to go to the other line because I didn't pay the $15 express fee.  When I told her I was sent there for ADA reasons, she looked me up and down and gave me a look like I was lying to her.  Whatever lady, there won't be a next time.  Ok, so we are finally seated.  The line to get in was so long, and not moving, yet 1/3 of the tables were empty.  It took forever for a server to great us.  The poor guy at the table next to me kept asking every worker who passed him for a pen, but he was ignored.  He said he was sitting there for 30 minutes asking for a pen, with no luck (I believe him, since I saw him ask at least 5 times and each time he was ignored). So after about 7 minutes, we are greeted and our soft drink order was taken (our drinks were never refilled the entire evening).  And then we were off to check out the buffets.  Yes, there are many different cuisines to choose from, and I tried a little something from each buffet, but I have to say, nothing wowed me (well, maybe just the sweet potato tots).   $45 and a 2 hour wait for the average person.  Not worth it.  Oh, and within 45 minutes after eating there, I was on the toilet for the remainder of the night (and also when I woke up the next morning).   I guess if you are a fan of buffets and don't mind waiting 2 hrs (if there is a line) and don't mind shelling out $45 pp, then go for it, I'm sure you'll find this enjoyable.  Me, I think I can find something better to spend my time and money on.
5	This is simply the best buffet I've ever visited... So much has already been said about this place but the highlight for me was the hot crab legs! If you have the chance you must go here... The only thing for some reason the night we went (22nd Oct) it was $44 not sure why but still worth it for the quality of food!
3	Seems smaller than the M Resort buffet, but has better quality food. Serving style similar to Wicked Spoon with individual food items pre-plated on small plates. My favorite items were the roast duck and spicy tuna roll on Asian station, but they couldn't keep the ahi poke and crab salad stocked. There were at least 4 "chefs" behind the counter that never addressed the customers or seem to care if the items were stocked or not. It wasn't very busy and I went back 3 times and they never had more than two of each or less. Mac and Cheese was fabulous, Seafood station was good, but nothing spectacular. Lobster Corn Chowder had corn, but no lobster. The Halibut and Salmon plates were okay. They were blanching pre-cracked Crab legs to order, so that was a nice variation. They had a smoked meat station, pizza station, cured meat station, Mexican food station, none of which I didn't try mainly because the items didn't look or were not presented special. The fried food station had fried chicken that was horrible, overcooked and dry. The Dessert station had fresh baked dessert Souffle' that were good. The Crepe' station was good, all other dessert items typical. They had Macaroon's (not the coconut ones, the cookie looking ones) which I haven't seen on a buffet, however, not made in house. They purchase them pre-made. I know this because when the were stocking the dessert station with them, they brought them out in the boxes they came in, pre frozen. Why they would bring them out in the boxes is beyond me. I didn't want to know that this item isn't made in house. That said, they were pretty good, for a pre-made frozen, boxed, purchased product. Overall very good buffet, but for the price paid and the buffet attendant service provided, ($86 for two adults and 1 child, 11yrs at the lunch prices, before the tip) I have to give it three stars only. Doesn't live up to the hype, (hype being this buffet is different because 90% food made to order on live action stations) Typical poor service from buffet attendents. This does not include the dessert station, where the attendents were friendly, accommodating and engaging.
5	I think it's hands down the best buffet.  So many selections, crab legs were plentiful and cut open for you. The entire seafood side did not disappoint, lobster chowder =YUM!The meat carving station was great! Tons of delicious goodness to be found.Try the sweet potato tator tots. You will not regret it. Like others have said, the cutesy plating for the entrees made it difficult to fill up one plate, but it made it much more pleasing to see a handful of tots in a mini fryer basket. It made the experience a little better. It's not like a regular buffet with a boring tray and ladle for each entree and side. Dessert was a step above the rest. We filled our table with the shots of desserts they offer. Might want to avoid the panna cota, and the passion fruit chocolate, everything else was AMAZING! Perfect portion sizes to make sure you can have one of everything, which is exactly what we did. There's a fantastic crepe station, and gelato also. Seriously, nothing was missing from the dessert/candy bar.Downsides: Terrible service. Literally, I had to flag a different person down to get a refill, or plates cleared or anything. It's a buffet, the whole tipping process is based on refills and clearing plates, if you can't get that down, you definitely aren't getting a 20% tip from me. The line is crazy ridiculous. Worth the wait, but allot time for 20-40 minutes of just standing in line.
5	I loved every minute of my 2 and half hour eating frenzy.  This place is beautiful with an awesome selection of various food stations that include Asian, American, Mexican, Seafood, breads, pizza, deli meats, desserts, and more.  Bottomless mimosas are served with brunch on Sunday's.If there is any buffet in Las Vegas you need to try this is it!  Every time I went to get more food my last dirty plate had already been removed from the table by the time I got back.  Bacchanal has buffet food and service down to a Science and I would recommend them to even the most pickiest and finicky eater.  You must experience this buffet.  The music they played made me happy and I ate to the tunes.  I could have very well experienced my first foodgasm.
4	Yes, this place has set a new standard for buffet.. Food wise.. but as for service and everything else.. had to take a star away.. sorry.I had came here twice and was able to see if anything had changed.  The line, no.  It is estimated that if you start at the back where the sign is, that is about 1.5 to 2 hrs.  I waited once and paid an extra $15 the other time.  On to the food.  Many items are a hit and some aren't.  Lets start with the good ones: Crab legs, HUGE! They do have cold and warm ones, chefs are prepared with them as you come by.  Oysters are a hit, but you have to grab them while you can.  Sorry, NO LOBSTER.. Deceiving since they have a lobster on display near the front.  I had the lamb and ribeye.. AMAZING! We had a debate about how lamb should taste with my group and it was interesting about the smell, taste, tenderness and it hit A+ on all three.  Smelled good because it was cooked correctly, tasted wonderful and leaves you mouth with a sweet taste afterwares (we suspect that it's honey).. and no knife needed which means tender!  The shrimp arent like other places (cocktail), this are man shrimps, big and firm.  I heard good things about ceveiche and it is true.. Very well made.  This is dinner.During brunch: I like the fresh juices they have in the bottles in the front.  I had like 10. Sorry.. I would pass on the melon juice.. very light.  Red velvet pancakes.. OMG.. it's actually perfect the way it is, don't add syrup.  Their burger sliders are a miss.. Very dry.  Asian food: I enjoyed the lobster bistro soup they had, but the dim sum was okay.  I enjoyed the ham crossants they had in the Italian section and the different cheeses they had.  Remember, during brunch, you do get MIMOSAS! It's part of your meal, do take advantage of it..Many of the misses was from the dessert bar.  Maccarons were not as good, not to mention that they just throw them into a pile and they crack.  They had this cake with a pipet sticking into it as a fushion cake and that was terrible (cake was hard and the fusion didn't go in all the way).  The fresh suflet they have in the oven are very well made.. I like how its very moist and soft (caution, extra hot).  The taramiso shooter glass, it was good (not too sweet).  They have a crepe station, they make it pretty darn good, different berries to choose from with toppings.  The gelato is excellent, they have unique flavors including such "spicy chocolate, baklava, watermelon mint, caramel delight, etc"  I thought they were pretty good except for the watermelon mint (weird combination).Reason for me taking one star away, is the service:Sadly, both times, it has been pretty bad.  First time, our server did not approach us until 20 mins into our meal (dying of thirst from your food!).  Not to mention that I had to wave her over everytime my drink was on empty.  Second time, they sat 5 of us at one of the round tables that was very tight and sadly, we ate very fast so the plates piled up all over the center.  The place gets overwhelmed by the number of guests, but they have not gotten the idea of getting more help.  I know it's not the servers fault, but it's management.  Servers are nice and sweet, but lack since they are under staffed.
5	Came here on vacation and the food amazing, huge selection and great seafood cant wait to comeback in town will eat here again.
2	Good food.  Slow to get in even when there's plenty of seating available.  Very Spotty service. Now that they raised prices (most expensive buffet on strip that I've gone to), I won't return.  Back to Bellagio which is now cheaper.
5	This buffet has been here forever and a day, but it's recent revamping puts it in a class of its own.  The atmosphere is beautiful and comfortable, with wide enough tables to fill with your regular plate along with individually-sized tapa-style servings that are offered at each food station.  The food is a fresh as it gets - even so far as hand made ramen noodles - and the service was outstanding.  Our table service was fast and friendly, and the people behind the counters were informative about the food they were offering.  The buffet is expensive, but worth every penny!
4	Chinese Station #7: Dim sum anyone? BBQ pork buns, shu mai, shrimp dumplings, pork dumplings (eat only the inside...the bottom part was uncooked...please change the foil tart for these dumplings because it all fell apart), black chicken soup (BEWARE! IT'S HOT!), BBQ spare ribs, chow mein, rice (Omg! Huge!), and other selections...Wasn't a big fan.Dessert Station #8: Save the best for last! Wow! Just thinking about the decadent sweets makes my eye budge and my mouth salivate! Creating your own crepes was my favorite (personal chef) create your own masterpiece with fresh fruits and not that heavy syrup fruits. Ew! Mine was made extra crispy with blueberries, strawberries, raspberries, almonds, banana slices, nutella and to top it off powdered sugar! Nom nom! The selection here is by far the best! Cookies, cake pops (chocolate and cheesecake), brownie pops, creme brulee (ate about four of them...only get the regular one not the chocolate...it was not good), fruit tarts (delicious!), sugar free desserts (for all you diabetics), cupcakes, pies, create your own pazooki, ice cream, gelato (rare selection and very creative, but prefer the strawberry cheesecake), candy jars (mmm...sour apple rings), and many many more! But wished that they made cotton candy...Sugar high! =]Service here is what I love the most! They treat everyone with the utmost respect and cater to you. You are like treated like you own the place, which I believe lives up to the Caesar's Palace title. Left a hefty tip, hope our servers enjoy! What I most regret is not trying their breakfast and lunch, so I will DEFINITELY be coming back! I would recommend coming to this buffet, you won't regret it!
5	You Can Desserts (5/5 NOMs)It was sweetness overload with so much to try. I kept going back for more a few times. You got to save room for all the sweets.All You Can Eat Asian and Mexican (5/5 NOMs)That is some crazy amount food in there. Anything and everything from American to Asian and Mexican. You got to eat little bit of each dish so you can try everything. There is a lot to try! Love Asian section with super nomnom Shao Mai and Roasted Duck! I went for few more. Not a bif fan of their sushi. Tasted very buffet style dry and bland. Other then that I'm a fan! All You Can Meat (5/5 NOMs)I was told this is the place to stop by during your Vegas trip. Welcome to the amazing meat world with all type of BBQs you can think of. Love the brisket, sausages, chicken and prime rib. Make sure to go during lunch so its cheaper. Dinner is crazy expensive!
4	(before I move on, explanation of the 4 stars instead of 5.... I went a few days after opening and it was $32 for weekday dinner.  My second time a month later and it was $42 for weekday dinner.  They admitted to having raised the price twice since the opening week)The first time here, opening week, it was a 1.5 hr wait at 7PM.  Ridiculous.  Since that visit I've heard they have an option to pay $15 to bypass the line.  That first eveningI probably would have done it.Onto the food:  AWESOME!!!  I'm a Wicked Spoon fan and (nearly) every Vegas trip visitor.  However, I'm scared to admit that Bacchanal might be better.  The most pressing point would be the carving station.  Highlights of carving station:- Ribs- Ribeye (yes, RIB EYE!!!  And it's properly cooked a medium rare)- hot links- AND LAMB CHOPS!!!  LOVE THESE!!!  As much as you wantOther food highlights are the dim sum area, made-to-order ramen & pho, made-to-order suchi handrolls, DUCK, about 20 different salsas, oysters (big ones), and fresh made banana vanilla soufle.Dessert highlight has got to be the watermelon mint sorbet.  Also, order the fresh squeezed OJ and watermelon juice.  They also have fresh squeezed cucumber juice, but I haven't tried it.
3	Why am I rating this buffet 3 stars instead of 5 stars like many others? The answer is very simple: raw meats, and I don't mean rare, it was raw. The lamp chop was raw and the slider was raw, yuck!!!Other than that, everything else was good, but not $45 good. The one thing that surprised me the most was that this place has the BEST PHO in the state of Nevada. It was sooooooooooooooooooooo good that I ate like 4 freaking bowls (small bowls but still...) So now whenever people asked where can they get good Pho in Vegas, I told them about Bachanal Buffet.Their desert is excellent too, hopefully the quality doesn't go down hill (with time) like the Studio B at the M Resort. Anyway, I should need to cut down on buffet stuff anyway, reading Yelp reviews too much make me gain weights :-)
4	Talk about food for the Gods! This new and remodeled buffet looks extravagant! The quality of food here definitely exceeded my expectations for a buffet. I mean think about it...they put $17 million dollars into this franchise for a buffet, so of course this has to be at top notch with Wynn (I think it's better...Ek...I think I have to update my Yelp profile for favorite places to eat)!Where to begin! Of course Caesar's Palace is like a maze, but I found the buffet quickly. You will notice that there are glass cups on the top of the column lights. The line pouring out from left to right...God knows when you will be next, but guess what? The line wasn't too bad (about twenty to thirty minutes). Then, you wait to be seated and notice the clear plates, bowls, cups, pitchers...etc hanging from the ceiling in their own little box. As well as tanks of fresh display of fish and crustaceans.Once seated in the Seven Diamond and Platinum area (front of the buffet), you are basically next to the delicious seafood station as well as the dessert station. Let's begin with the stations from left to right.Seafood Station #1: Where all your money is going toward! Huge selection of fresh stone crab as well as king crabs (guess what you have an option of serving it cold or hot, some were salty and some were sweet), oysters (kind of tiny), mussels, cocktail shrimp (black prawn therefore enormous!), clams and where was the lobster? Located in a lobster bisque (very salty)...wish that they served it whole or at least the lobster tail. There was ceviche that had way too much lime...Whoa! Don't try this. The oyster shooter was very good! Much more selections (Just wanted to tease your taste senses)! Nom nom! American Station #2: The top notch American favorite! Prime rib (melted in your mouth), lamb chops, hen (ask to cut which part you want or get the whole hen), BBQ ribs, veal, brisket, sausages, burger sliders (overcooked), sweet potato fries, criss cut fries, tator tots (not too greasy), macaroni and cheese (disappointed because some of the macaroni was uncooked), baked beans, chicken tenders, mashed potatoes (kind of looked unappetizing and the gravy was in a plastic bottle...hope it was BPA certified but it was good still), etc. Also, at the end, you get to choose condiments from these cute mini size jars! Love that all American feast!Mexican Station #3: People people?! Omg! Unlimited ribeye steaks! That's right! Ask the personal chef to cook it how you like it! Yum! Of course I can't forget my nachos (this one is for you Frank S.) The chips were nicely seasoned as well as crispy. The different selection of toppings was excellent! There were over twenty selections...(Drool)! Homemade corn and flour tortillas, Spanish rice, tamales, refried beans, and so on. Bring out the Mariachi, time to celebrate!Italian Station #4: My favortie selection of foods of all time...but was disappointed. The selection here was simple. Baked ziti pasta (macaroni was not cooked all the way and BE CAREFUL the clayware is EXTREMELY HOT....burned myself...) TALK ABOUT SAFETY ISSUE..., baked lasagna, spaghetti and meatballs (a bit dry and not well seasoned), pizza, Alfredo pasta, pesto pasta, and deli sliced meats right in front of you...I think that is it. Not worth eating at this station...Salad Bar Station #5: Fresh and crisp! You can't even describe the beautiful colors as well as the selection...your stomach just grumbles...FEED ME! I have to say I recommend the feta cheese and watermelon! There was a wide selection of assortative cheeses...Mmm...Pepper jack. The vegetables are crispy and not like the limpy kinds that you get at a regular buffet. Yes! There is a huge selection of salad dressings as well! Cheers to you vegans! Japanese Station #6: Fresh sushi and sashimi! Seaweed salad, fatty yellowtail, poke stack, California roll, salmon roll, spicy tuna roll, unagi roll, and the list goes on and on! Can't go wrong with this station! CONTINUED BELOW (GUESS YELP HAD A CONTEXT LIMIT)...Sorry fellow Yelpers couldn't post this one on the same day.
5	09/23/2012Its been a while ive been to Vegas..so i gotta try out whats new! I heard about this buffet, its a new renovation at the Ceaser's Palace. and i wanted to check it out. The layout was pretty cool and looks elegant. The line was long as usual like other types of buffets in Vegas. my Bf and I went here around 3:30 pm, hoping they still serve Lunch.. but no.... they start dinner pretty early (3pm). entrance for us two reached almost 70. but hey, worth it?They have the usual crab legs and claws, sushi on one side, italian food on the other...but whats unique about this place, they make your food in front of you fuh fuh fuh FRESSSHHHH! They literally make RAMEN in front of you. just let them know what kind of ramen. they have the tonkotsu ramen,.. mmmm my fav. and for the crab legs...i mean.. the heaven section of the buffet.. you basically grab the crab legs and claws onto your plate and place it on top. the chefs will ask you, how you like your crabs cooked. steamed crab legs and claws are the bomb. They have other types of foods thats been readily made onto mini plates. You can just grab and go. they have them all presentable and all cute and what not.now lets talk about sweeets! They have pretty nice dessert section. lots of varieties and in cute little dishes. they do gelato ice cream and OMG! they have crepes. they also make it in front of you. just let them know, what you want on it. I'd totally come back here...VEGAS ANYONE? haha
5	This is one of the most decadent buffets I have ever seen! GO!While vacationing in Vegas Halloween week I decided to try the buffet at Caesars Palace. On the first day I went for breakfast which quickly eased my hangover from the previous nights activities. The staff was extremely professional and accommodating. The hostess took the time  to point out all of the stations. The room is massive yet comfortable. The food presentation is beautiful. Many items are presented on small plates or in individual fryer baskets. The "breakfast" options seem endless with three types of bacon. My favorite being the hand carved slab bacon. The breakfast buffet offered not only traditional breakfast items but also featured a Mexican station, sushi, cheeses, and full Asian dishes.A couple of days later I decided to see what they could possible add for lunch. At one point I became overwhelmed, thanked God for his abundance and shed a tear. The massive dessert station was spectacular! Banana Foster, gelato, hand made crepes and on and on. The carver station was a meatasauras' dream! Artesian sausages, prime rib, slab bacon (again), chicken, ham, turkey, etc. there was pizza, pastas, sushi, paella, mussels, oysters, and again, on and on. All served with stunning presentation. More importantly, all delicious!!This buffet is a bit more than most of the other strip but is well worth the cost. What differentiates this from other buffets is the food quality and service.I was too frightened to try the dinner buffet knowing that I would hurt myself by filling up on crab legs. I can't wait to go back!!
4	Definitely a must try!. It is such an improvement over their previous buffetSeating was slightly cramped, and crap legs were too salty, they might have done that intentionally so people dont eat so much, i dont know.i am very impressed with their  and not many establishments can make it properly.Everything looked so delicious, if only my stomach could handle it, i would have tried everything.
3	The place was great looking and  the employees were great, but the food while plentful every item I had was lukewarm and average in both quality and taste.
5	Wow, not usually a Buffet fan (Gluttony!!) but this buffet is unreal! Prices are a bit on the higher side than other buffets in Vegas but the quality and variety of the food is excellent! They have fresh seafood (HUGE king prawns, crab, ceviche, oysters, mussels etc), roasted meats, smoked meats, chips, chicken wings (presented in little individual baskets), mexican (soo many condiments here, unreal!), sushi, Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, Italian, French, amazing desserts etc..I could go into detail, but I think everyone's covered all of the different cuisine's in these reviews. It's the highest quality buffet I've ever been to, top restaurant quality. I just wished I had about 10 stomachs so that I could get the most out of it & out of the price tag!
5	Out of all the buffets I have tried in Vegas (wicked spoon, rio carnival, bellagio), this surpasses all of them. Yes, it's a little pricey, and yes you have to wait in a long line, but in the end you get what you pay for and it's all worth it. Highlights: KING crab legs that they make warm for you (upon request), steak tacos that they freshly make for you, gelato, sushi rolls, buffalo chicken wings, fried chicken, ribs,.... too many to list. Everything was just freshly made and didn't taste like it was sitting under the heating lamp for hours.If you're in the mood to splurge on a buffet in Vegas, then this is definitely your go to spot!
4	Based on my friends' recommendations, Bacchanal was a required item on our itinerary for my most recent Vegas trip. I heard about the 1.5 hour amusement park-like lines, so we decided to come for a late lunch/early dinner.BEST BUFFET in Vegas! Why the 4 stars instead of 5 you ask? The lunch selection was a bit cheaper, but the quality wasn't nearly as good as the dinner quality. Also the way the buffet is arranged is that the prime rib and the seafood sections are very close together, so the line is VERY LONG and and SLOW.Tips:1) $15 for express line2) Dinner selection, which tastes wayyy better starts at 3:00pm.3) Come early for quicker entry. If you're coming during peak times, you better not have anything else planned for the night because you'll spend the whole evening there standing in line and eating.Cuisines: There are more, but it's too extensive for me to include everything.Chinese (Peking duck-AMAZING, chow mein, soup, etc...), Japanese (some nigiri, rolls, ramen), Mexican (soups, Italian (pizza, pasta, etc...)BBQ (ribs, brisket, sausages)Steak (Prime RibsSeafood (oysters, crabs, mussels, shrimp cocktail, oyster shooters)Fried foods: (chicken, tater tots, sweet potato tots, etc...)Essentially, they something for EVERY taste and preference.Desserts:The dessert station is huge! It includes a bunch of pastries, cookies, chocolate-covered strawberries, unique sorbets, crepes, etc... There are so many I can't even remember a quarter of what was offered.
4	BEST buffet in Vegas!!! Maybe even the best one I've ever had in my life!Ambiance: LoudDecor: modern, artsyPrice: $44.99 (what I paid on a Thursday night)Drinks: I liked the iced tea and the coffee! You get your own mini coffee pot. Cute!Food: Sooo many options!! They have Japanese, Chinese, Italian, American, BBQ, Meat Station, soup bar, salad bar, cheese, charcuterie, seafood station, dessert, gelato, souffle, and more!!My favorites:-Snow crab legs: AMAZING! The best I've ever had. Fresh & tasty. The guy at the station was nice enough to full up an empty plate for me!-Tater tots-Corn bread-Waffle cut fries served in a mini shopping cart-Sliders-Cocktail shrimp-Lamb pork chops-Black chicken soup with ginseng - Totally legit! Authentic chinese herbal soup.Dessert bar: -Espresso gelato in a chocolate-dipped lined with chopped hazelnuts sugar cone! -Macaroons: fresh! soft and chewy! you can even taste the almond flour.. sooo good!-Cakes: all of them were goodDownside - Waited almost 1.5 hours in line... but totally worth the wait!FYI, if you don't want to wait in line, you can pay $15 to cut in front of the line. It's an option if you're starving. :P
5	Come here and you'll feast like a king. After learning they put in $17 mil to renovate, I just had to see and taste EVERYTHING for myself. No doubt this is the best buffet in Vegas. They thought of all the little things to really cater to your taste buds. I was really impressed with what they had to offer. For starters, having Alaskan King Crab legs as opposed to snow crab or dungeness already makes a world of difference. Fresh squeezed juices, homemade sauces..the list is never ending. Even the nigiri (something I typically pass up at buffets) had sashimi pieces that just melts in your mouth. They use the best quality ingredients and each dish is crafted beautifully. Only thing missing is bone marrow (like Wicked Spoon) and oysters on half shell and this could very well be the perfect buffet.
5	I didn't know what to expect. I had heard lot's of talk about this buffet. I have been to what I considered the best and also the worst buffets. This buffet has risen to the best of my list. I line was long but not bad and it moved right along. The decor is beautiful. From the fresh flowers at the entrance to all the modern art inside. I doubt you can say there isn't something for you in this buffet. The carving bar has 5 meats. 9 different salsas. Salads are excellent. I don't eat Sushi but it looked very good. Fresh fish and seafood dishes. The desserts are to die for. Everything from cheesecake on a stick to 12 different kinds of ice cream. The service was excellent and I loved the techno/smooth jazz music playing. Of course this all comes with a price. I payed $36.00 on a Friday for lunch. But if you only eat at one pricey buffet in Vegas this should be the one. Wicked Spoon, Wynn and Bellagio have been my favorites but this one jumps to the top.
5	The line is really long on weekends, but I totally recommend it if its your first time.  Buffet interior is really modern and spacious, and you can see a lot of the chefs cooking at each station.What stood out for me was the lamb chops, prime rib, and oysters.  I do not know how they can get get such a perfectly cooked mass production of lamb chops.  Best part of the meal, hands down.  Lamb chops are pink the in the middle  Prime rib comes second, wow.  This however you can ask the chef how you want it cooked.  Third, the oysters.  There was 4 guys working literally the whole night cracking them open.  Some of the people at the restaurant were taking twenty at a time it seemed, which was kind of ridiculous, consider the time it was taking to open each one.  It seemed every time they put oysters out, it would need immediate replacement.For the desert, I actually really liked the baked cookie, and their ice cream selection.  There was watermelon mint, baklava, sour cherry, some random flavors I had never had.  Great touch.
5	I PROS | - Spacious and clean!! - Best quality of food. - Get the shrimp! It's so good! - Love the fresh squeezed juices! | CONS |- $$$ - Long wait
4	I've only eaten here for dinner. The line to get in is always pretty long even if you show up early (~4pm) or late (~9:30pm). You can currently pay $15 to skip the line. I have yet to see anyone pay to skip the line. Expect to wait about 1 to 2 hours. The current price for the buffet is $44.99.What people line up for:crab legs (you can ask for a plate of steamed legs if you rather not eat them cold)jumbo cocktail shrimpcarving station (prime rib, rib eye, various sausages, roasted chicken, etc)ginseng chicken soupOther food that you should try:seafood paellaclam bakespicy ahi pokeseaweed saladEven the best Vegas buffets have horrible dim sum... this place might be the best I've eaten. But that's not saying much since it's still decent at best.You'll need to come back here a couple of times if you want to sample all of the food that looks appetizing to you.
4	Wouldve given 5 stars if it werent so pricey! LoL but this buffet is the BOMB! We hv a rating list for buffets, and this is the only one that we rated the highest on our scale. Got there before 5pm and no line. But diff story when we were leaving.
4	Ok so I'm usually a Bellagio or Wynn Buffet kind of girl, but how could I not go and try this place at least once?  My husband and I ate at the Bacchanal for the first time this past weekend.  I guess we came at a good time because we only waited for like 20 minutes in line-I heard people waited for over an hour when it first opened.  Anyway The decor is super clean and modern which gives the space an nice open feel.  The food is pretty damn good.  They have a section for Asian, Italian, Mexican, American and Seafood.  Asian: Over all it was good-not great.  They did have dim sum and sushi which was good.  There was a soup station which I didn't try but people were lining up like crazy for it.  Italian:the pasta station was awesome! Very tasty marinara sauce.  The Pre plated stuff was ok... I like the Italian food at the Wynn buffet way better.Mexican: typical although they had an impressive salsa and condiments bar in this area.American: This is where all the carnivores belong. They had the most insane carving station I've ever seen. How do I put it? Let's just say there wasn't a type of meat they didn't have available for you to try.  On a side note they did not have any mash potatoes, but they had very tasty roasted potatoes and VERY tasty tater tots.  Seafood: OMG! that pretty much covers it.  Jumbo size shrimp cocktail, the best crab legs ( hot or cold), lobster corn chowder (AMAZING!), oysters, etc... Just amazing.Dessert: One of the best dessert section in a buffet I've ever seen! They have cheeseccake cake pops! Gelato which you can get in a cone on your way out! Your own personal size Pizzookie!!! and all of the other greats-tiramisu, cupcakes, candy bar, cookies galore, crepe station...the list goes on :)Just note some of the plating is pre done onto cute fancy decorative containers so it may be hard to get as much in one visit through the buffet-you definitely need to have a plate in each hand-LOL  Oh yeah it's only an additional $15 for endless beer, wine and mimosas!
5	Yes the concept is like Wicked Spoon, but the food here is actually good and so much nicer. Came on a Saturday, so it was Champagne Brunch 41.99...Yes it's pricey, but hey it's AYCE! Everything I had was really good. Even the prime rib was super delicious. They have a noodle station with pho, ramen, udon and all the broths that match it. I just can't stop eating. Staff is nice and the place is really clean. Also the crab legs are cut in half for you already so u don't need to make a mess and get your hands too dirty. LOVE IT!
4	Went back to Bacchanal on 11/03/12. I was here 1 month ago and though the buffet is excellent, they had MAJOR issues with their seating and table clearing. I was hoping in the 1 month time they had fixed that issue. I am sad to report that they have not.I got there at 3:30pm in hopes of avoiding the line, but there was still a pretty substantial line. It moved at an okay speed, but there were times it would stop for long periods of time. I was able to see the area where people were waiting to be seated and there was a giant backlog of people with no one moving. Because of that none of the cashiers were handling any transactions and everything just stopped. That happened twice with a good 10-15min wait with nothing going on.I would be okay with that if the delay was because it was just busy with not enough tables available. When I got into the restaurant after a bit over and hour, I clearly saw more then half the sitting area was empty. Empty tables everywhere! They need to have more staff seating people or a more efficient system!The food was just as good as the last time I went. I am glad that everything was very good quality and tasted delicious. I am a big fan of the chinese food area. Most buffets have panda express quality food in the chinese food area, but bacchanal has food that taste like it came from a good chinese restaurant. I especially love the dim sum and xaio long bao. Other choices that were good were the sliders, ramen and all the carved meats.My only complaint would be in the deserts. They tried to make the deserts too exotic and weird. Im a fan of normal deserts. Want chocolate gelato? Nope, only aztec chocolate which is spicy and weird. Want mango flavor? Nope only mango with chili verde! Want orange sherbet? Nope only blood orange!Bacchanal is currently my favorite buffet now that Wicked Spoon is transforming into a generic vegas buffet. Would recommend everyone check it out, they seriously have to have a more efficient seating system. I think maybe the seating is bad so they can try to sell the $15 pass to skip the line.
4	Very beautiful set-up and definitely better than 90% of the buffets in Las Vegas.  But some of the food had been sitting out too long taking away the fresh feel from their food selection... Their food could have been great if it was more fresh... It cluld have been because it was slow when we went so the food had been sitting out a little too long... Other than that I was happy with their selection and overall presentation of their buffet. But still not my favorite buffet... Cosmo beats them in freshness and cook to order feel.
3	I am painfully slow getting to reviews but in this case it really worked to my advantage.My wife and I have been three times,  Dinner than Breakfast and finally Lunch.  Each time the price has increased from the previous visit.  It is unfortunate because I would have given 5 stars on the first visit.  After each subsequent visit however it has been losing stars.The positives are there.  The dishes are fresh and very flavorful.  The layout is fantastic.  The smoked meats at the carving station are superb.  The desert area is simply delicious.  No question about the food.  It is great.  Especially if it is your first visit.Now, areas that really need to be attended to IMO being that it is THE most expensive daily buffet in town.  This is all mostly service related.1) Now I mentioned it to more than 1 employee during my first visit.  SALT goes in the shaker with less holes and PEPPER in the shaker with more holes.  My later visits.... not taken care of.  This is BASIC. Others had mentioned it as well.  Our server told us.2) I should not have to guess what the chefs behind the service counter can do for me.  I should not need to ask each and every single station what they do extra.  Signage at the stations explaining their extra available services would be very helpful.3)Prices going up, selection and service going down.  Charcuterie and cheese station selection began with a very interesting and varied selection which as of our last visit had been scaled back.4)First visit, Crepe' station.  I was asked what I would like on it and she proceeded to make a wonderful crepe for me.  Last visit, handed me my crepe and it became a DIY kind of deal.I have suggested this buffet to many friends at work and my out of town visitors.  Now however, with the increasing prices I simply can not in good faith tell people that it is the best in town.  It WAS but only just for a short moment.  The service simply does not stack up with the ever increasing price.
4	The food was amazing! No matter what I ate, it was excellent! The only thing that was annoying was the extremely loooooong wait. We got here at 1pm on a Sunday, and had to wait over an hour just to pay. Then another 15 min to get seated. Then, we had to wait in the buffet lines. Once we were seated, we spent about 2 hours there just because it would take so long to get thru each of the buffet lines.
4	I have to say this was probably one of the best buffets I have ever been to in my life. Understood that the cost is $45, but it is worth every cent. We went on a Thursday evening and only stood in line for like 15 minutes (which was pretty fast We ended up trying everything from the Lamb which was AMAZING to the italian food to the oysters. I loved this place!! we wil come back again tomorrow!PROS:-Awesome Lamb, Italian-Fresh food-Deserts are awesome (the baked cookie was the best)-The decor-Need I mention the food was AMAZING!!!CONS:-Customer service-Bus boys did not take any of our dishes-Server was slowIf it wasn't for the Service this place would definiately be a 5 star joint. We will hopefully stop by again tomorrow and see how the service/food does again.
3	I think if the wait wasn't so long I could easily give this buffet 4 Stars.I think the best thing this buffet has going for it, is the variety of food. I think there were two things that really impressed me; the ramen and the gelato bar.Will I go back again? Only if the line isn't almost 2 hours long. The sad thing is that the line doesn't seem very long but takes forever. I've been in line for the Bellagio buffet which seemed twice and as long and took half the time.Maybe it's because it's still fairly new but hard to justify spending that long waiting for a buffet in Vegas
5	My second trip to the best buffet in town, all I can say is AMAZING!!!
1	My wife heard so many raves about this damn place and dragged me here. You know what happens to your manhood if you don't obey.. So, we came.We arrived around 2:30 on Friday nov 9th. There was no lines. That was a sign but we paid 68.00 for both and started our adventure. The buffet selection was bad. The only good thing came out of this was around 3pm they started bringing out crab legs for dinner. We got to try some but the crabs were crap (way too salty and not edible)  also frozen. Bottomline, overpriced over rated. I was very disturbed and will never come back.
4	We had an enjoyable experience here at Bacchanal. My husband was happy to find a good variety of cheese on the counter which included local and international selections. There were numerous seafood available on the counter which were fresh and nicely presented. The Mexican food station was also exciting. I saw the "posole" and I was happy. Both the American and Asian food station did not fail to impress us. Those prime rib and korean bbq ribs were irresistable.  Did I mention that the dessert station was mouth watering? Those lollipops were cute and lovely on the outside and tasty on my mouth. I also enjoyed those gelato and the toppings they have available. Tiramisu! What? Where? Yes on the dessert station next to many other yummy sweets.The bright, modern and spacious decor of this place provided an enjoyable dining experience to us. I cant speak enough how much better this place is compared to the Wicked Spoon. Lucky for us that we came here on a Thursday thus we did not have to wait. The price was not cheap but definitely well worth it.
5	One of the best buffets in LV. Thanks to my high roller friend, we did not have to wait just to come in. Since being here, I have been craving for their red velvet small pancakes. I loved their chandeliers made of glasses. I want one at home.
5	Found ourselves here for the 3rd time to take advantage of the Veterans Day special (complimentary Buffet of Buffets so I only had to pay $15 upcharge for my Sunday brunch meal)! Being a sushi aficionado I never dare to eat the sushi offerings at any buffet because I know I'm just setting myself up for a disappointment. I don't know what got into me, but this time around I tried their salmon and tuna hand roll (you have to ask the chefs behind the counter cause they are made to order) and WOW I was very impressed. The nori is nice & crisp and they put a good amount of fish inside so the rice:fish ratio is perfectly balanced. So yummy and FRESH! You just have to trust me on this one. This time I opted for: crab croquettes (good amount of REAL crab inside), glazed carrots, meats and cheeses, beef lasagna, shrimp and grits (a staple), shu mai (delicious!) mexican rice, king crab legs (ask them to heat it up for you), shrimps (plump), & penne pasta.Their brisket is oh so tender and flavorful (Tip: their famous lamb is only served on dinner). Their crepes are to die for. Had bananas foster this time and this alone is worth the $15 I paid for. The flan was scrumptious and the gelatos are great, as always (Tip: Creme brulee and souffle are served starting 3 pm).Our server Carlos was great! He brought our party of 4 condiments and our glasses are always filled with water, juices, and mimosas.So my list still stands! 1) Bacchanal2) Wicked Spoon3) The Buffet at Wynn4) Bellagio
5	Awesome buffet....worth the $$$$
5	I have never seen something so extravagant for $21. Well done, Bacchanal. This place is like culinary Disney.You keep walking the breakfast buffet line thinking it's going to end but then you run into an area of spring rolls. That's right - spring rolls at breakfast. In the center of the gorgeous display is a huge dessert station, filled with gourmet gelatos (strawberry cheesecake, yum!), every flavor of cookie you've ever seen and some you haven't, a candy station, cheesecakes, cinnamon rolls, a crepe station, fancy ice cream cones, and every other fancy treat you've ever dreamt of in your wildest dreams. Perfect fresh squeezed juice (melon - yes!), mini red velvet pancakes, corn flake crusted french toast, a gigantic cheese board, egg dishes in the double digits ... Are you hungry yet?!Everything here made my daily oatmeal look oh so sad. Pretty sure I gained a pant size there. Pretty sure it's worth it.
1	We just went to this "high end" buffet on Sunda (11/11/12) and it is HANDS DOWN the worst buffet I have been to.  Oh, and the cost for 2....$118!First of all, the line was extremely long.  And I get this, as most buffet lines are long.  but there is no organization at all.  There are no employees to tell you where to go, when to go pay at the register, who's turn it is, etc.  Even the poor cashiers were confused and had no idea who was next in line.  We stood in the "Express Line" as we decided to fork over the extra $15/person so we didn't have to wait in the regular line.  Although we only had 3 other parties in front of us, we still waited for over 20 minutes.So we finally get in, get seated and grab our plates.  Now keep in mind, this is supposed to be a very high end buffet.  There is NOTHING amazing, upscale, etc. about this buffet.  We ate at the Planet Hollywood buffet on Saturday, and it was so much better!  The Bacchanal buffet features various stations, but of course they dont have any signs, so you have NO CLUE what you are in line for.  The sushi stations is the smallest I have ever seen, and it's the usual california roll and spicy tuna.  SUSHI WAS NASTY!!!Everything else I tasted was NOT FRESH, NOT TASTY, and certainly NOT WORTH $118!This was the first and only buffet review I have ever done, as I have NEVER been so dissapointed.If you want a great buffet, go to Wicked Sppon at Cosmopolitan or the Bellagio buffet.  Planet Hollywood is a good 3/5 as well.  But trust me on this one, stay away from Bacchanal until they get their crap together.
1	Gary W. LovemanCaesars Investor RelationsOne Caesars Palace DriveLas Vegas, NV 89109RE: Bacchanal--11/10/12Dear Gary--My son turned 21 on November 9th so we traveled to Vegas and had a very nice experience for the weekend.  On Friday night, we were quite entertained at Pure.  That place is phenomenal--great music, great venue and tremendous energy.  For his birthday, Pure was the real deal.On Saturday morning, we researched and found that the Bacchanal was the best rated buffet in Vegas so we decided to try and recover from the night before with a good meal.  Your buffet was exceptional in every way.  We particularly liked the Bacchanal Benedict--a very nice twist.  Our server Lilly was also tremendous.  Our group never wanted for service, the mimosas were filled very quickly and the experience overall was a home run.  We liked it so much, we considered returning for dinner and inquired about the Buffet of Buffet's.  Lilly explained the program to us and we were ready to sign up.  On the way out, we grabbed great cookies with the fudge layer.At the desk on the way out, we presented our ticket to do the upgrade to BOB.  The hostess said it didn't work that way.  We said, all we want to do is give you money and buy dinner for tonight.  She got the supervisor over who sadly was a troll.  We explained that we liked the buffet and wanted to return.  The supervisor told us that this was not possible and we could not buy the BOB in no uncertain terms.  So much so, that we were quite offended.  Clearly, we weren't looking for a deal, we were looking for resolution--that was not possible and we left.I stopped at what looked like a management area and talked to a lady who took my number and said somebody from management would call me.  She said I would be better going to the registration area and speaking to a manager.  So I ambled over there-yes, I was pretty frustrated.  So I talked to Joel who was helping direct people to check in.  He told me that only the ICU manager was working and that Marcus the Food/Beverage General Manager who recently was some other manager would be the person to speak with.  I left my number for Marcus and asked for a call.So in essence, I requested a call from two different people about the treatment at the Baccanal with my guests and son.  You have a good thing going at your establishment at Caesors.  We travel to Vegas 1-2 times a year and enjoy the get away from our home in Tucson.  You are only as good as your weakest link.  I'm not sure what's more disappointing, the supervisor at the Bacchanal or the fact that no member of management followed up on my concerns.  Remember one thing; I tried to give you more of my money--not sure I'll try next time.Sincerely,
4	Got there exactly at 4PM, no line at all when we went. Hostess was very nice! Told us what kind of food they had blah blah blah. Our waiter on the other hand, was horrible. Hostess sat us down, the 2 out of 3 of us went to go get food, we were gone 10mins or so. Come back & the waiter never came by to take our order for drinks. Another 10mins passes by and we see the waiter taking care of the other tables. We thought he would come to us after he checked on the table right next to us, but he didn't of course and walked away. It seemed like he never noticed that we were new people or we didn't have any beverages lol...  We didn't see him for another couple minutes, so we told the hostess that he never came up to us and took our order. So she found him & nagged him, I saw from a distance, kind of made me laugh. After that, he finally he came up to us and took our order. Anyways, food there was grrrrrrreat! This buffet is now one of my favorites even though it's pricey it's absolutely worth it for sure! I really loved the way they presented the food, looked so nice. Loved how the chefs there could make you some things personally if they didn't have it out. One thing I really loved was the crepes. I had a nutella crepe and it was really delicious!The food & ambience was great, service sucked!
5	An explosion of live cooking stations (including a fresh Ramen station, yes!), a huge variety of great food you don't see at other buffets, a relaxed atmosphere that almost feels like you're eating in your living room (if your living room happens to be enormous)... Caesars set out to redefine the game with their new, $10 million Bacchanal Buffet, and they pulled it off. This is the best buffet in Las Vegas.My friend and I were seated near the Asian food, and we loaded up our first plates with Dim Sum style Chinese specialties, Ramen, and Sushi. I moved on next to the Mexican section, which featured absolutely excellent and perfectly moist Carnitas. The Pizza was great as well, with excellent and diverse toppings that you wouldn't normally expect. Even the cheese and meat board were a cut above the rest. Sliced Prime meats and Oysters were fresh and delicious as well. Fresh squeezed Orange and Carrot Juices served in individual carafes was yet another nice touch.The dessert section kept the goodness going, with fresh Ice Creams served in Chocolate dipped cones and a Crepe station. The whole experience was incredibly impressive, and $21 for breakfast was completely reasonable.I'd read a bunch of hype before I visited The Bacchanal Buffet, but Caesars delivered and then some. I will be back as soon as I can. Best buffet in Las Vegas!
5	OMG! My new favorite buffet in Vegas.
4	Hmm, overall I rate this buffet as the 3rd best on the Strip.  First being Bellagio, Cosmo second, and Wynn 4th.Me and my buddies arrived at about 8pm and were in line for an hour.  We even paid the extra $15 for their express line.  So damage was $65 each.It is a good buffet because it has 7 different stations with each station catering to different palates.  These stood out for me.  You could get the crab warmed up.  A rep is there ready to take your empty plate and quickly cover it with warmed crab legs.  I think it was snow crab and not king crab although I like both.  I really liked their roast duck in the Asian station.  It wasn't dry as my friends had feared.  The best item at the buffet was clearly the steak--very flavorful!  Better than the 6 month dry aged steak I had at Carnevino the following night.I liked this buffet, but all things considered and with the extensive wait time and better buffets on the Strip, I probably won't schedule another visit here.  Would only come here if it were a consensus within my group....
4	Whenever i go to Vegas I love the buffets. We went at an off time -- Saturday at 3:30pm. The wait was about 45 minutes. We were starving but was too cheap to pay the extra $15 for the express line. My favorite part of the buffet: So easy to get crab. You just have to hand them an empty plate and they fill it up with warm crab leg goodness!
3	Being the newest buffet, we just HAD to try this place out. We got here around 11:45am for the lunch buffet..only to realize the longest line I've seen since the opening of the M buffet.You can buy the right to cut in front of the line for an additional $15. The lunch buffet menu was $39. Not bad.The BBQ line was the best! The prime rib they had here was REALLY goooood; chicken apple hot links, pepper hot links, baby back ribs, five kinds of marinades you can smother all over..everything! Seafood was MEH; I've never tasted saltier king crab legs in my life. I had to stop eating the fourth leg because my tongue started to sting. The mussels were very dry, but I did enjoy the shrimp! I believe they have oysters available during dinner time as I saw one of the line chefs shucking a bucket of oysters...for a moment I thought those were for lunch, but they weren't...what a tease.Anyhoo, come here and try it out. Overall it was a good experience, but the seafood line could definitely use a little sprucing up. I didn't try the Asian food they had here because...well..I'm from Rowland Heights.
4	I like the ambiance.  Design is modern.  However some of the ergonomics are not optimal.  The food is buried under the hoods and very hard to reach at times.  Some of the food was just ok and some was good.  The won ton soup was only average.  Egg roll was also dull.  The ice cream cone and desserts were great.General feeling of our party is that Bacchanal is definitely not the best Buffet in town.
4	A really good experience for a buffet visit. It took us about 35 minutes to get through the line and sit at our table, but once we were seated, we were able to get our food fast. Unique serving portions and upscale decor make this a place to visit in Las Vegas. Here is the breakdown of my review:SERVICE:   The cashier and hostess were pleasant. We got a brief explanation of all the different stations and cuisines available, which was nice, but the place seemed shorthanded. Refills took a while and the clearing of dirty dishes around us was slow. Almost gave them 3 because of it. Food: Overall, there is tasty food all around. However, the carving station is OUT OF THIS WORLD. They serve up the biggest pieces of beef I have ever seen, including premium cuts like the tomahawk ribeye. If you are a steak lover, you will be pleased. The sushi and Japanese station was great (fresh) and the seafood station was ok.Desserts: Simply AMAZING. Besides having the desserts you can expect at an upscale buffet,  the have a section just for their unique gelato flavors. Not sure if the ice cream is homemade, but you will find some delicious combinations, like the chocolate/hot pepper, which is sure to amaze your taste buds and blow your mind. Visit this place if you get a chance. Come hungry!
5	Wow!I generally shy away from Las Vegas buffets, as they tend to be gluttonous feeding troughs. So I was reluctant when my friends wanted to go, but I am a team player, so I went anyway. I was glad I did.First of all, the the line was VERY long, which scared me a little, as I imagined it was going to be an all-out free for all inside. Not so.Inside, was a well though out, and well spread out seating arrangement. They could have sat twice as many people and just herded them through, but they exercised self control, and put together a comfortable seating arrangement that felt much more "restaurant" than buffet.Next, the food was spread out in a vast expanse, that made getting your food comfortable and easy. I expected lines at the buffet, and people pushing each other, but only seating a certain number at a time kept the food lines short, comfortable, and relaxing.Finally, the food was an overwhelming array of good quality ingredients and preparations, featuring a variety of cuisine cultures, and a spectacular selection of desserts.All in all, they were going for a high-end experience, and they achieved it. I have always been a fan of brunch at the Verandah, and while it is still my favorite, Bacchanal was 5-Stars all the way.
4	Pretty good. This place ranks a close second out of the top 3 buffets in Vegas. I think Wicked Spoon has the best food and a more hip "cosmopolitan" ambiance. However, Bacchanal has much better food than Wynn buffet (ambiance at Wynn is probably more elegant though). Overall, I enjoyed my meal. We had a good server who made sure to bring additional sodas and take away our plates. They had crab legs that were halved making the crab meat easy to access. The people behind the counter seemed rather lazy and reluctant to warm the crab legs, but at least they did. I can't remember any particular buffet dish that stands out.The dining area is quite comfortable, the lighting is just right, and the seats are comfortable too. The buffet looks new, clean, and nice.If Wicked Spoon wasn't open, this would be the next buffet choice for sure!
5	AMAZING! I've always gone to the Bellagio's buffet, but this beats it hands down. Huge selection of incredible foods. Cold cuts, crab legs, ceviche, prime rib. And dessert is delicious: so many varieties of gelato, a crepe station, wonderfully thick cookies and so much more. The atmosphere is buzzing and there's always a line to get in. Arrive early to avoid crowds and give yourself plenty of time to enjoy all the buffet has to offer. This is not something you'll want to rush through.
4	Yummy! Before I do this review, let me give my dish recommendations to you curious cats: - King crab legs- Lobster corn soup- Cheddar broccoli- Oyster shot- Salmon poke- Sweet potato fries- Vanilla creme brulee- Mexican chilli-mayo cornThis is the yummiest buffet in Vegas, in my opinion of course. It took 30 mins for me to finally make it to the front of the line, but it was worth it. The presentation is fancier than your typical casino buffet (gold coast, the M, orleans, rio). Although be careful, all the fancy/cute ala carte dishes can easily slide off your plate. The chefs are all really enthusiastic & friendly. They try to help you & greet you. The server I had was "eh." All buffet servers really do is get your drinks & take away your plates, so if I needed anything (refills, change), we had to wave him down. This is a huge buffet for seating & good selections. Half-way through their stations I was getting full. Their food is a big hit or miss! It's either yummy & delicious, or blah. I noticed some of my dishes tasted too salty. As for everything else, it's above average! I was intrigued seeing the decor & certain food choices. Desserts have a big selection too & not just "the usual." This buffet is $45 but better than getting a Las Vegas whole day buffet-hopping pass. & that says a lot!
5	Well after reading all the great reviews on this buffet located in Caesar's Palace. We had to check it out for ourselfs.Lunch is served until 3pm then it changes over to dinner. We showed up around 2:20 and paid the lunchen price around $29. with tax. hey no line at that time for us.maybe just lucky? OK here's my grades for what I ate ..A being the best that I ever had on down.Prime Rib B+Chicken noodle soup A+Ribs CCoffee ABaked Beans A-Shrimp&sauce ABlueberry cobbler& Ice cream  AService AAll in All this IS the best buffet in town .....would I pay $29 again? ...probably
4	We were here twice for dinner, but it's impossible to sample everything - there is so much!  Wonderful selections; something for everyone.Service is superb and friendly; never had to wait for refills on beverages and always served in a clean glass each time. Perfectly clean everywhere. Comfy seating in a modernistic environment.Entrees/Beverages: some of my favs were the shrimp, brisket, prime rib, truffled scalloped potatoes, salmon, delicately flavored peach tea, and believe it or not, the best mac & cheese I've ever had! Didn't waste my time on chicken, salads or petite hamburgers; I can have those anywhere at home.Many options at the dessert area.It's an attractive buffet and dining experience. You don't have to dress too fancy, but at least change out of your tee shirt and grubby jeans and be a bit more presentable. Go and enjoy!
4	I just recently found out about Yelp so this is the first place I came to. The reviews are all amazing. The experience thus far matches that... the food is really top notch.It took a bit to get in but that's expected at any popular restaurant so I won't say much about that (I see others complaining but... common guys, seriously). It took them about an hour to get our food after ordering which is also fairly typical of these joints. The staff was very good at what they're there to do though--the waiter was almost abnormally happy to be there and did a wonderful job explaining everything to us, which we appreciated.We had steak, chicken, ribs, you name it. "Delicious," all around. Steak lovers will really like this place. We had a small amount of sushi and sashimi as well which was delicious. Unfortunately I was stuffed at that point so I didn't get to try too many variations. Dessert was also good. I ate an unhealthy amount of hot pepper ice cream. I'll go back for more of this. They haven't seen the last of me.Definitely give this place a try if you're in the area. It's worth it.
1	I was super excited to eat at this buffet after reading all the positive reviews. Upon arrival, the buffet looked liked it held a lot of potential.  The new 17million dollar space was artsy and beautiful with loud music which made it feel trendy and hip.  The light fixtures made out ornate objects like water glass and vases made the space feel eclectic.  The staff was really attentive to my needs with refills on drinks and clearing plates off the table, even pausing for a little casual chit chat.  I walked up down all the different stations to scope out which dishes I had to try and which to pass on. The food spread seemed to go on forever ranging from seafood, Italian, Mexican, and Asian.  It was like a kid in a candy store. Tons of choices but all unfortunately not to my liking.I decided that the salad bar would have to be missed in order to try everything else. I started at the Asian station. They had a noodle soup station where you could even get pho. I had dumplings, egg rolls, and Korean short ribs, which were okay but nothing special.  The ribs had good flavor but where a bit chewy.Moved to the Italian station next, where different pastas and pizzas were prepared.  The  best part of this station was the charcuterie station with all the different meats, cheeses, and mustards.Next station up was the American BBQ.  This looked like the perfect all American BBQ spread...all the BBQ meats one could ever ask for from ribs to brisket, chicken, and lamb chops with all the best fixing available. Mac'n cheese, broccoli with cheese, mash potatoes, corn, and tator tots.  The ribs that I tasted were so chewy, I couldn't even cut them apart with my knife and the flavor tasted like gasoline...no smokiness or fall apart goodness.The Mexican station had a woman making fresh tortillas and a bunch of different salsa choices to accompany the meal.Last of the savory stations is the seafood station.  They had lobster, corn chowder, crab croquette, as well as, hot and cold crab legs, shrimp, and raw oyster...all too salty to eat.  Then came dessert.  I had heard about the fresh out of the oven souffles that they offered and the wide variety of gelato and sorbets.  Tonight they had banana and pistachio flavored souffles.  The pistachio souffle came out of the oven piping and tall, but had no flavor...all that could be tasted was raw flour.  The gelato station was the only place actually lived up the buffet's claim of thinking "out of the box" and unique. I tried a fig & balsamic, watermelon & mint, blood orange, and mango chili lime, which was my favorite out the 4 flavors. Overall, the food was too pricey at $44.99 for dinner and too salty for my taste...will probably never go back.
4	Being the newest buffet on the strip, adds another dimension in the LINES. HOLY HELL!!! Lines were about 1-2 hours and they created an Express line for an extra $15 dollar on top of the 44.99 price tag each person. BTW, with their Total reward cards you get $2 dollar off. Been here twice, grand opening and a week ago. The price definitely went up since. Use to be under 40 and you'll get dinner  Food was GREAT but the second time quality dropped on certain items which i can care less because the other items made up for everything. There were at least 500 items according to the website/youtube video. Some were cook as you order so items may vary when you eat here, meaning CUSTOMIZABLE personal chef at your order. Heres a SMALL list of what i remember that was DELICIOUS:Crab Legs iced or HOT: YUMshrimp + cocktail sauce: biggest shrimp i ever saw in a buffet........ raw oyster: yumsweet potato tots: okaycheese brocoli: good but oilypastas: okayCorn Clams: SO GOOD Lobster cream chowder style?: firs time was better but still pass for deliciousness Lamb shank: Heaven steak: With ^, I dont need steak but it was still good (there were other meat too)PizzasaladFRESH MADE STREET TACOS: OMFG OMFG SO GOOD Chips with 18? different kind of salsa/dips?: goodSashimi: pretty fresh for being in vegassushi: minimal selection ... just go for the sashimiGinseng soup: very authentic dim sum: it looks pretty good, too full to tryFruits: very fresh and sweet Creme Bru lee: YUMMacaroons: okayCUSTOMIZABLE CREPE: YUM YUM gelato: weird flavors but goodCHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES: YUMCookiesCandiesCakesHONEYOkay, enough for the food. The food I would give them 5 stars but for the service 2. why? Our server never really existed around our AREA. Tables around us were filled with plates and tips. What I saw was, he took the tips and left the plates there for a good hour or so. Maybe thats why the line so god damn long. I swear there were at least 5 tables around us are gone with plates piled up and NO ONE was cleaning it or prepping it for the next group. Even at our table, the server BARELY came over to serve us drinks and take plates away. The area is not that busy since the table around us are EMPTY! and I'm sure hes not working the whole entire "wood area." To me, that is not cool.
5	I am not a big buffet person, but I had so many good things and since we were staying at Caesar's Palace, what the heck. I am so glad we decided to try it. We went for lunch and the lines were not bad and the food was fantastic. Great selection and a great value.
1	Basic food with little flavor or uniqueness. The sushi station was very very disappointing. They had little left when I got there (7:30pm) and for my second trip... even less. They do not make more on demand. Once what they have prepared is gone, it is gone. Rib eye was only thing that was good. Pizza was gross. Pasta was gross. Fish station was Ok but nothing special. I could not believe they had mac and cheese  that was box like mac and cheese. Really? Salad station was disappointing.  If I did go with a friend and hang out for a couple hours and eat and chat, I would have been angry. But everything in vegas is expensive... so I just looked at it like an 'entertainment' item versus good food. I expect far more for the price. But that is vegas isn't it? Wolfgang Puck's restaurant couldn't even make a proper pizza. Food for the mass that just consume. Not food for the foodie that likes to savor flavors. If you are hoping to find good flavors here, go somewhere else. Unless, you want to stuff your face only with steak.
5	After learning about the new opening of Bacchanal at Caesar's, of course the fatty in me had to go and try it.  It was only a couple weeks after it opened and my god, the line is ridiuclously long! I came around 6:00 hoping that the line wouldn't be too bad but upon my arrival, the line was snaking around like it was Disneyland or something.Not only was the line super long but the it was moving ridiculously slowwwww. I swear I was standing in the same place for at least 10 minutes before moving an inch. -_- I'm normally a patient person but just the way the line was moving it was going to take at least 2+ hours just to get seated.  After about a good 45 minutes, I said F*CK it and I decided to shell out the extra $15 bucks per person for the express.  Thankfully, NO ONE was at there and I literally got seated within 5 minutes. So, besides paying $50+ per person for this meal, I actually had a GREAT time! I immediately saw all the different selections and my mood quickly turned from hangry (hungry + angry) to super happy! (sappy?) Anyways, when you first arrive inside, you'll notice the long selection of seafood in the front.  I was quite impressed with all the mussels, oysters, and crabs that you get to choose from.  There is a guy in the back who can steam them for you too if you're not a fan of raw seafood.  At first, I thought that was pretty much it but I quickly learned that the buffet stretched allllllll the way down the room.  It was a non-stop line of food! I was very impressed with their selection.Everything tasted amazing! Well, everything except their pizza. I know, why would I get pizza at a fancy buffet like Bacchanal when they have steak and seafood?! I really enjoyed my meal.  I would say it was TOTALLY worth spending that extra $15.  Ceviche? Bomb. Lobster bisque? Bomb.  Crab fritters? ALL BOMB.  The bf also really liked many of their selections as well.  Definitely try a little bit of everything.  You'll find a mass amount of food here that you'll like. I think Caesar's did a great job of making sure that they offered a vast selection of food for their buffet.  They have everything from ramen to pho to typical American side dishes. I definitely think Bacchanal has topped Wicked Spoon. Food and service was way better than WS! The servers were super attentive when it came to refilling our waters and beverages and pretty much I had a really smooth good meal. Definitely a must try when you come! It will blow all the other buffets away!
5	This place lives up to all the hype! The recent renovation was much needed and now Caesar's buffet is king once again. The place is amazing, with nine open kitchens, foods are freshly prepared and presented in a way only Caesar's could pull off. 500 items, that is a lot of choices people! I started with a bowl of very authentic tasting "hot & sour" soup, some very fresh sushi, edamami and a nice Mexican Caesar salad. All perfectly prepared and fresh. The most beautiful piece of prime rib came next, with a horseradish sauce that will open any clogged sinuses. Finally made it to the seafood kitchen, OMG! The Alaskan King crab legs were both tasty and fresh, cut in half for easy eating. Colossal already peeled shrimp (don't you just hate having to peel shrimp?). The Lobster corn chowder was almost as good as the little buckets of clam bake. Both are a must try, you will be going back for more, trust me. The oyster shooters were tasty and fresh. The only problem with this buffet is you will get full way before you get to all the kitchens! The Italian & the Mexican kitchens both had some wonderful wonderful dishes I never got to try. The american kitchen also had brisket sausages and several other meat choices, again, didn't get to try only because I was full! Plenty of choices for all taste pallets. I did manage to save room for dessert though and again was blown away by the array of sweets. The sorbets where awesome, as were the crepes. Creme brulle, tiramesu, tortes, etc, all so decadently delicious! My favorite was the white chocolate dipped cheesecake with rock candy sprinkles, the perfect blend of smooth and creamy mixed with a candy crunch, mmmmmhhh! A quick tip for all who go, dinner starts at three, so get there for lunch, relax a bit, and wait for the dinner items and save a ton of money (and leave plenty of time though, the line is long!). Again, hail Caesar!
5	Wow, wow !!!!  This buffet is unbelievable!! You can't leave without having the slider, so good.  You don't know when to start or end with this buffet. Very good pasta, meat, seafood & everything.  Go very hungry !!!!
3	My friends and I were originally suppose to go to the Wicked Spoon but that place closed around 3ish to prepare for dinner so one of my friends called up Bacchanal and they were opened the whole day, so we went to check it out. The line wasn't extremely long, but still anticipate the theme park wait of 20 - 30 mins around 3pm, it was probably longer during lunch hours. They also have a fast track line, where you pay $15 to not wait in line, price of the buffet is about $56? That price included tax and tip for a part of 7. The decor of the place is nice, very modern, a lot of nice fixtures and glass walls, the stations for each food selection was clean and neat. The service is excellent, staff is attentive with drinks and clearing the table so you can stuff your face with their many options. The prime rib line was long, so I went over to the Asian side, they had the favorite dim sum selections, I grabbed some shui mai, har gow, pork dumplings and some fried potstickers, potstickers being the best of them all, the other four were decent for a buffet. They also had bbq pork which was pretty good and some fatty roast duck. Onto the other side of the restaurant, the crab legs, which are usually my favorite to get, so I grabbed two plates, and filled it up with crab legs for our table....to my dismay, they were salty, like really really salty, I think I ended up eating like 5 and gave up, it was too overbearing....like wtf. OK, forget the crab legs, I saw fried chicken which comes in its own little fryer with fries, pretty good..........but salty as well, fuck I seriously think buffets just pound a bunch of salt. And finally I reached the prime rib which was pretty good and wasn't as salty as the crab legs or fried chicken..they also have beef tamales which actually tasted decent.tldr; about the same price as wynn buffet, very very salty food, great service, nice looking buffet
4	Lots of food choices. Variety I haven't seen at other buffets. Try the ginseng chicken soup, spicy sausage, and smoked chicken.
4	The nicest buffet I've eaten at. Just don't eat for at least 4 hours before you go as you're going to need the room in you stomach! The highlight was the Mexican corn, I forgot what they called it but OMG the flavour! The waitress was very hospitable and made the experience ever nicer. I have no idea how people could queue for over an hour to eat at a buffet though. We had a show to catch in 1.5 hours so paid the extra $15 to fast track our entry which was wise as we only just made it to the show. You need time to sit and digest between plates.
1	Go to Wicked Spoon!  Your wallet and palate will thank you for it.  $47 for very mediocre food.  Kids over 8 were the same price and it was brunch.  Nothing was spectacular.  The ingredients were average and didn't seem very fresh.Their website gave us the bait and switch.  It said $41.99 for weekend brunch and champagne was included.  They charged us $47 and champagne was an extra $10.   I can't believe people wait in long lines for this crap!
5	This buffet exceeded my hungry expectations. After waiting in the non-Express line, which took over an hour, I was very ready to start stuffing my face. I tried to start slow but once you walk in everything looks so delicious you can't help yourself. I started with the Asian stations. The sushi wasn't great. I really enjoyed the different salads and the  veggies were so fresh. Then I moved onto the carving and seafood stations. This blew me away!! My favs- Crab legs- we had 3 servings (this alone would cost more than we spent)  Mussel and clams- they come in a small serving bowl. There's corn, sausage, and potatoes in the bowl. Loved it!Halibut dishTruffel Mac & Cheese Lollipop Rib Eye- my bf went back for secondsDesert station- so much fun! Overall everything was fabulous. The server was attentive and the food was top grade.  Tip: Dress very comfy and ladies wear flats. You're going to have to wait in line so wear shoes that won't kill your feet. I promise it's worth it!
4	We met up with some friends who were also in Las Vegas on the Strip for Thanksgiving dinner.  Every place that we considered eating had lines of several hours, so we knew it was going to be a long wait wherever we went.  We decided on the new Bacchanal Buffet and did the "tag team" approach to the 4  1/2 hour wait in line.  This restaurant just recently opened and underwent a $17 million renovation.  Prices were $50 per adult, children over 8 years old are considered adults at Bacchanal.The food was exceptional in most cuisine areas.  The turkey and Thanksgiving food was a little weak.  The seafood section, Asian section with full sushi area and meat carving stations were superb.  One of our favorite items believe it or not was the mini burgers.  They were about the side of a half dollar coin, and had a phenomenal taste.  No condiments needed.  The seafood was super fresh and with many different options available including Alaska crab legs.Service was okay, but there had been hundreds of people through the restaurant by the time we ate around 7:30 pm.  They seem to not be very good at keeping the lines moving and had two "specialty" lines that took priority over the general line we were in.  To the left there was a line that for and additional $20 per person, you could pay and be seated in an hour.  To the right was the VIP line for guests and other people of self importance.  It was sad to see but also comical as well to watch how poorly and child-like grown adults behave when they don't get exactly what they want.  In this case, most were frustrated at the one hour wait time.  Poor people.....I mentioned our wait time was over 4 hours.  When we departed at 9:30 pm there were still people in line.  I would like to visit again on a non-holiday time and give them another chance.  However, if the line is as long as it was and the treatment of the general dining people is as poor as it was over Thanksgiving, we'll pass.
4	so this place was one of the MUST DOs on our list in vegas. my friend got us the hook up so we waltzed past the 90 minute dinner line. you can pay $15 to skip the line which i think is totally worth it if you're visiting, 100% healthy, and the line is over an hour.decor is absolutely gorgeous. presentation is phenomenal everywhere. service is great from all the cooks and chefs.some of the things this place has:hand made tamales are too biga full gelato bargreat mac n cheeseboth hot AND cold half shelled craboysterskobe sliders which my friend said was okchinese bbq pork which was phenomhot and sour soupsoup dumplingstons of salasamacaroonsbananas fosterindividually baked choco chip cookies where were too sweet but i think was just a bad batch otherwise greatribeyeshrimp and gritsindividual chicken parm which i forgot to tryits a GREAT GREAT buffet but there are some duds so you can't lose sight of the fact its a buffet. i dont know what second highest rated buffet in vegas is but i would only go to one buffet while in vegas and id make it this place. id love to see what they could do with breakfast. wear sweatpants FYI JEANS: OK by farORDER: you pay upfront after the lineshout out to the old european hostesses who were so so so so sweet
5	We went to Vegas with the Bacchanal buffet as our top priority and I wasn't disappointed! It was Thanksgiving weekend so we knew lines were going to be insane but I think we lucked out when we hoped in line at 10:45am and waited for only 30 minutes so definitely go early. Love love love the decor and food presentation. My plan of attack was to take my time and not load up so early but everything looked so delicious that I started double fisting plates of sliders and tiny baskets of fried chicken on the first trip! I'm a sucker for food served in cute miniature fryer baskets, which is why I also recommend Wicked Spoon as a quicker alternative (I don't think their line is as epic as Bacchanal, Bellagio, or Wynn).
4	Arrive early if you plan to dine here for brunch. Do not wait in line. There are many buffets that are comparable in terms of quality and options (Bellagio and Wicked Spoon are my other favorites).They make several fresh squeezed juices. I opted for the OJ and was pleasantly surprised by the freshness.Favorites: Waffles were good, flaky and could be topped with a variety of fresh fruit. Make sure to visit the crepe station for some hot, flavorful bites. The carving station offered a nice variety of meats.Skip: Fried chicken was dry. I suggest passing on the biscuits too.Don't forget to try the gelato or sorbets on your way out!
5	We started lining up at around 1 pm for dinner. It took us about 2.5 hours to get into the buffet with 6 people, but it was worth the wait. I can only imagine the wait time for someone who went during actual dinner hours.We also got the buffet of buffets deal which gave us a 24 hour pass to the 6 different buffets in various hotels. We went to the buffets in Paris and Planet Hollywood as well. However, those buffets do not compare to Caesar's Palace in taste. We had to pay an extra $15 per visit to get into Caesar's Bacchanal Buffet, but it was worth the money.Once you get in, it seemed fairly roomy and not so crowded. You would expect the restaurant to be packed inside, but the layout of the tables are fairly spread out for a comfortable dining experience. The ambiance consisted of modern decor with light colors.Inside, you will find a line to reach the crab legs as well and a line next to it for the  steak, ham, pork chop. These are the seafood and American kitchens. No other kitchens had a major line.The food was really authentic. I mean you had Japanese chefs working the sushi bar, Chinese chefs working the wok, Italians baking their lasagna, and Mexicans doing their thing... I think that's about as authentic as you can get. My recommendations include the crab legs, pork chops, scallop mashed potatoes, miso soup, and the quality selection of gelato.
5	Timed this to hit breakfast and lunch, clearly a good choice! Breakfast was incredible, so much to choose from. The biscuits and gravy was delicious,  great bacon options, fresh fruit, shrimp and grits, waffles, fried chicken, crepes, muffins, eggs - good lord looks like I ate alot. Oh wait, I did! 6 plates. Why? Because I was on vacation and wasn't eating until 7:30pm that night!For the lunch portion, I had some sushi (could have been a better variety), miso soup, tried some new Asian dishes Id never had and loved!  Nothing I tried was gross and I the dessert was great too, cobbler. Did I mention the fresh orange juice and the service was great, never had to wait for a refill. This place is a dream and the best $25 spent :)
5	Oooooh my.. words cannot describe the love I have for Bacchanal Buffet. Upon walking into the buffet I felt like I was transported into a modern, chic version of food heaven. I honestly could not look around without my mouth watering from the vast choices and options I had in front of me.-Feeling like seafood? You can indulge yourself in the mountain of crab legs they offer. (Be sure you give the shrimp some love too!)-Not feeling crabby? Their carving station offers a variety of perfectly cooked meats from prime rib to brisket. -Maybe you're looking to travel around the world? If that's the case, Bacchanal offers Mexican, Asian, and Italian food that will definitely keep you coming back for more.-Maybe you're looking to satisfy your sweet tooth.. Well don't worry, the dessert option is plentiful and just as delicious as everything else this place has to offer. I mean, any place that has chocolate covered strawberries automatically earns an extra star from me. If all of this wasn't enough to convince you, I first went to Bacchanal for dinner and came back the next day for lunch. That's how good it was.
5	"The $17,000,000 Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars Palace offers a feast that boasts more than 500 options and may well take the ongoing battle of Las Vegas buffets to a new level. Bacchanal Buffet premiered on September 11th after a complete wall-to-wall renovation from the previous Lago Buffet and will likely become a culinary mainstay like the Carnival World Buffet, which opened over two decades ago." - Chris Rauschnot, The Huffington PostSo good ol' rich Caesar decided he was bored of his crapLago Buffet [finally] and decided to do something with his endless stack of pure and unadulterated cash to fix the main culinary mess in his own backyard. Although having expected much less, pumping $17 million just means that from launch and to a certain extent of time...this buffet is going to be - for lack of better words - G.R.E.A.T. But this article also mentions the Carnival World Buffet (by the way, is no longer that great...) as a parallel, which serves one main point...this place will only be good for "so long". SO GET YOUR GLUTTON ARSE OVER HERE QUICK...while it is still this freaking G.R.E.A.T.Service is great as the staff definitely display their enthusiasm to work at the "best buffet" in Vegas (loved how the cashier reiterated that to us SEVERAL times). Need refills? It comes automatically. Need your plates to disappear? No, you don't need to chuck it under the table...they efficiently disappear on their own - even if you're a speedy little punk like me (gone and back within a minute with another full plate).So after coming here several times for both lunch and dinner, I would recommend lunch if you don't want to break your wallet since the difference between both meals is minimal. If you have the 24-hour-Buffet pass, please note that you'll need to pay an extra $16'ish bucks per entry.Summary of my main LIKES (this is what I come here for):- EVERYTHING AT THE CARVING STATION: really tender and juicy prime rib, fall off the bone baby back ribs, luscious lamb chops, sausages and more!- Steamed crab legs- Fresh raw oysters: one of few times I would recommend RAW oysters at a buffet (additional Japanese version at dinner)- GIANT cocktail shrimps...holy crap, these are the 5-8/lb types!- Ginseng chicken soup and Chinese BBQ (especially the char siew...gives Sam Woo a run for its money - now that's something)- Cheese and prosciutto section (used these on my salads)- Bottled fruit juices (lunch only)- DESSERTS: non-sweetened desserts such as the cheesecake was a plus for me!Caesar made the right decision with his "back-anal" (bacch-anal) investment and is definitely raking in the profits once again to Rome. I definitely RECOMMEND this Vegas buffet (for now - before it eventually ends up like Carnival World Buffet)!
4	Well deserving 4 stars for a buffet.  We came here around 2pm ($45 per person which includes mimosas) for Sunday brunch and there was no line.  But the cashier mentioned that the lines were insane at around noon.Bacchanal provides an endless array of goodness from authentic dim sum to fresh snow crab legs.  The 12 million dollar renovation is definitely noticeable and very pleasing to the eye.  Favorites dishes:  Al Pastor tacos, beef nigiri, dim sum, shrimp cocktails (these bad boys were huge), brisket, prime rib, and the fried chicken wings.Only downside was that our waiter was non-existent, took forever to get our drink order and rarely checked up on us for refills.My Vegas Buffet ranking would go:  1st:  Bacchanal, 2nd:  Wynn Buffet, 3rd:  Wicked Spoon.
2	A feast for the eyes but not for the stomach. The modern design and sleek interior is just a facade (not surprising in a city known for it). As the title holder of the #1 buffet in Las Vegas, Bacchanal was a total and utter disappointment. After hoping off a plane, my family and I waited a good 3 hours in line for dinner. We waited in a second line for another 1/2 an hour (after we paid) and watched as management miserably failed to try and seat people in a orderly fashion. It was chaotic and completely unorganized. A party behind us with the same number of people cut through and were seated before us, which of course pissed us all off. Needless to say the manager got more than an earful from my brother in law for their handling of the situation. Service was just bad overall.So once we were finally seated, we waited in another line for the food. Oh and the  food...it was mediocre at BEST. Sure there was a huge selection but the emphasis at Bacchanal is definitely quantity over quality. They boost 9 show kitchens which includes sushi. Something I absolutely enjoy eating. Looking at the images on the website and reading the rave reviews, I sorta imagine myself tasting the fine texture and subtle flavors of fresh fish and perfectly prepared rice but what my palette was treated to was a poorly presented piece of bland crap that looked like something my 6 year old niece assembled with her hands! As I moved on to try the rest of the Asian fare, I was treated to take out type quality Chinese food. I mean this was not even on the same level as your local P.F Chang's. Sadly it did not get better from there. The Italian food lacked authenticity - having hailed from Providence, R.I I was expecting to taste the comforts of home made lasagna and pasta. Not so. I found everything else offered to be just eh or ok but nothing spectacular including the French Macarons which was a total fail - the crust to filling ratio was not proportional and the filling tasted like super market icing. It was crapstatic. My party agreed that the wait and the money we spent ($45 + tax per person) was not worth it! My mistake because I insisted on eating here. So yeah I gambled and we all lost our appetite...
3	Been wanting to try Bachannal since it opened a couple of months ago.  Came here with my family over the Thanksgiving holiday.  We waited in line for 4 hours!!!!!  Personally, I don't think it's worth the wait.  If we had waited for 20 minutes, I would have given it 4 stars!  I think the only difference between this buffet and others (Wynn, Bellagio) is that they boil the crab legs so it's nice and piping hot!  Also, the crepe station is different.  You can also have your choice of caramel, nutella and chocolate topping. Other than the crab legs and crepes, everything else is pretty much in line with other buffets.Oh the variety of gelato they offer is a nice touch too.  Try the fig + basil and blood orange flavor.  One thing we noticed is the techno music that was consistently playing.  That's a sure way to get us to eat quickly and get out.  They need to change to better soothing music.  Also, interior is cold and contemporary decor.  Would I come back? Probably not - you'll find me at the Wynn buffet next time ;)
5	Absolutely amazing!!! The best buffet I have ever been to! The sweet potatoe tater tots, and the blood orange gelato were my favorite! If your in Vegas this is a must!
5	Many complaints here are about the wait----we got in line around 2 something on Saturday during Thanksgiving weekend.  We had the "buffet of buffet pass," which was $50 (normally $45---I think the price was higher during the Holiday).  The wait was about 1 hour & we paid $15 per person upgrade for this buffet.Here is what I tasted:Sushi: had many choices, taste like REAL sushi from a legit sushi place, the shrimp tempura roll was my favoritePotstickers:  really good*some other thing that looked like a potsticker, but in a small metal container: not sure of the actual name (obviously), but I noticed people were taking these like crazy.  This was better than the potstickers.Sweet & sour soup: really good, better tasting than the one I usually get from "Pinoy Pinay" Filipino restaurantPrime Rib:  Picked this up at the carving station when I thought I was in line for the seafood (wrong line).  This was delish!Crab legs: It's not like other buffets, where the waiter puts the legs out and the first person in line at that time takes all the good legs on two plates and leaves nothing for the rest.  You give them a clean plate (1 plate allowed per person) and they serve everyone the same amount of warm crab  legs.  These were the best I have tasted at any seafood buffet.  At one point, they ran out and said the wait was 20 minutes.  ummm this seems too long & shouldn't happen if you waited in line 3-4 hours outside like some people have said.  I only got one serving of this, because I started eating other things & was full by the time the crab legs were ready again.Oysters: o.k. (not a big fan).  They ran out of this (or some other thing) while we were in line and there were only about 5 in the back & no thongs.  I got 2-3 with my hand, but the server got mad when he saw my husband getting them with his hands.  The server told my husband something about using the thongs & not your hands, & my husband said, "Oh, I'm sorry.  There weren't any thongs out here."  The server was a little rude and said to ask for the thongs next time.  Ummmm aren't they supposed to check for these things and make sure they are there?  Another thing: I noticed the servers get pissed when you are grabbing items as they are laying them out.  The person in front of me started to grab items as the server was replacing them, so I did the same thing when it was my turn.  I could tell the server was pissed and quickly took the thongs away, so that the next person wouldn't grab anything until he was done laying them out.  Maybe this is why there are missing thongs & people grab stuff with their hands!Creme Brulee: one of the best I have tastedFlan: my husband really liked thisGelato: skip the baklava flavor, watermelon mint was awesomeI would go back again with my buffet of buffet pass, but wouldn't pay the regular price & wait in line 3-4 hours.  We were inside about 2 hours & I've heard others say that they stay inside about 4 hours.  Try going BEFORE the peak hours.
4	Not sure if they are worth 4 stars are not....it wasn't bad, but it wasn't omg delicious i want more..a sunday, and we went around 1...line was crazy long, and I think we waited for 1.5 hrs. The line tricks you, cuz when you reach the register, you THINK you made it, but there's another wait to get seated! almost thought about paying the $15 for express but 4 ppl...not worth it.the place looked kind of small....but the seating area wasn't...just the food was placed funny. we paid $39.99 for the lunch, but kind of stayed until dinner.we started with the asian side. plenty of selections, everything was good, not great. small sushi selection. they have ramen, pho, udon. some dimsum (but the skin was hard). tuna poke mm. duck! was gooodtried the prime rib, king crab legs that they steam for you, oysters....the ribs weren't good, dry, not fall off the bone. shrimp..chicken wings...tatertots...dessert selection didn't look like a lot, but their ice cream was yummy, watermelon mint! thinking the dinner options might be better but we were too full to sit around and wait some more.  mimosas were unlimited but if you can't find someone to refill it, then its not really...overall, was super full....everything I grabbed I ate....but with only one other buffet to compare to, I must try the other ones around now
4	The sheer opulence of the Bacchanal Buffet is everything I expected. The amount and variety of food can not be easily described, but it is mind-blowing. I started at one wall with Asian food and slowly (very slowly) made my way through salads, Italian (pizzas/pasta), comfort food, BBQ, Roasted foods and finally seafoods. It took me 4-5 trips to get everything I wanted to taste, and then I still had to try dessert. It was well worth the price as I was so full, I couldn't eat for 12 hours. The service was wonderful, although the servers seem to have a bit of a turf-war over tables and were fighting with each other in front of us. I highly recommend this buffet over any of the others that I tried on the strip.
3	3.5 but I'll go 3 because while I was full, for this price I could've eaten at Delmonico. I've never done the "Vegas buffet" thing and so I wanted to try it SOMEWHERE.Price:Lets be honest, its expensive. For 8 people they pre-charge 18% gratuity, which was $61. Total bill was over $400. Gratuity was not earned AT ALL."Service":My drinks were never refilled. Dirty plates were ALWAYS left on the table. For $61 tip and you don't actually serve me or take my order, you better make sure I have unlimited iced tea. Food: It was a long wait just to get into the restaurant. Luckily you don't wait for food as long as stations are spaced out well. Dessert is the best station. Italian second best followed by American. Food was just mediocre generally. Another yelper said "a fest for the eyes but not for the stomach." I agree completely.Shellfish:I'm allergic to shellfish. There is shellfish available at almost every station and they are NOT really marked. For example, I couldn't eat anything at the chinese section because hidden throughout were tiny shrimp in almost everything. I believe you can ask the chefs to accommodate you but I didn't really want to deal with that. In terms of the seafood station: those in my party said the shrimp was rubbery. My sis in law actually spit hers into her napkin. However everyone loved the crab legs and probably ate their $40 worth in that. Ambiance:I enjoyed the ambiance, table sizes and music.I think it was a cool experience but I'd try another buffet or just go to a sit down place for the same price.
4	My friend and I decided to go here on a whim and ended up not only feeling like ballers (that price tag is quite hefty...) but also full of the best buffet food I have EVER had the pleasure of eating.Let's begin with decor. The place was decorated in a very modern fashion, down to the glass cases of king crab, the comfortable chairs and extra-soft napkins, and even the lounge music! I was surprised the wait was so short as well (20 minutes for a 7:30pm dinner). Then again, it was the Monday after Thanksgiving so people were probably still full of turkey. Looking from the outside, I thought the buffet was going to be fairly small but it turned out to be a massive freaking labyrinth. I was shocked when I walked in. From what I remember, there was an Asian food station, salad, Italian, Mexican, American, MEAT, and SEAFOOD. Dessert is in its own private island in the center of the buffet. Here's a quick summary/review of what I ate:-* Lamb chop: AWESOME. My first time having lamb. Perfect and not too cooked or chewy at all.- Brisket: Oh. My. Goshh. I can't even. It was as good as my favorite slow-cooked brisket my mom stews at home (and she's the best chef I know).- Prime Rib: Pretty good, but I've had better.- Sweet Potato Fries: Yummy and sweet but by the time I had been through the lines and got to eat it, it was cold ):- Mac and Cheese: Why would I get mac n cheese at a 45-dollar buffet? I was craving it, okay! It was nothing extraordinary though.- *String Beans: Tell me...How in the world could string beans taste so good?! I still can't get over it.- Lobster Corn Chowder: A little too sweet for me and I couldn't find any pieces of lobster meat in the tiny tray.- Pretzel Roll: Cold and too tough. The ONLY thing that I legitimately did not like.- *King Crab Legs: Pre-opened, juicy, delicious, sweet, just hnnnng. Dipped in butter, of course. You can get it hot and fresh from the boiler if you give the server your plate.- Oyster Shooters: Yummy!- Raw Oyster: Small but fresh.- Shrimp Cocktail: The shrimp are larger than normal buffet shrimp. I appreciate that.-* Creme Brulee: Awesome. The creamy part wasn't too sweet and the sugary top was crisp as should be.- Macaroons: This was my first time having macaroons so I don't know if it was supposed to be so sweet, but I definitely felt a tooth-ache after a few bites.- *Cupcake: Strawberry Lemon cream...Perfectly smooth, light, and not too sweet. Loved it!*FavoritesI tried a lot of little desserts but most were similar and I'm not much of a dessert person in the first place. I also tried a lot more food but the ones I listed were most memorable. Also, I basically skipped all the Asian food because I felt like they weren't worth it for the buffet when I could eat something else.Rated four stars instead of 5 because of the price and how long I had to wait in line to get food. If they only served the best half of their dishes and got rid of the duds while lowering the price a bit, I would definitely rate this place a five.Sorry if my review is a bit incoherent. To be honest, the best description I could give you of Bacchanal is the following: SKHLKDHJFLAH HNNG.That is all. I will probably come back here for my birthday in a few months.
5	Believe the hype. We waited in line for about half an hour....paid and got seated before too long. Then came the feasting that began at the Asian section and ended with the seafood section.  I can't remember it all, it was a blur from buffet line to table and back to line. Dear reader, please appreciate that my wife and her sister cannot stop talking, but for the duration of the meal they were too busy conversing with their plates to talk with each other. Silent it was, yet the waiter was afraid to put his hands near  our table, lest he get caught up in the carnage and devoured before anyone noticed. Yeah. It was like that. I was amused by the carving station. I was in line when they brought out a piece of pork loin, and watched it fall apart tenderly when it was paid on the carving table. An audible murmur went through the line like they were watching some kind of magic show. Now that you've had your fill...make your way over to the desert station! Deep dish chocolate chip cookies? How about apple cobbler?  How about watermelon mint ice cream on a hazelnut coated cone? Its pricey. There is a possibility you'll be made to wait a while. So what, its worth it to me.
2	Plenty of variety, everything was just "ok"Jack of all trades, master of none.  I've had better buffet sushi here in detroit buffet's Lot's of stuff I've never seen before.  I went at 2:30 on a Wednesday and did not have to wait at all.31.99 BEFORE tip and all i drank was water.If this is the best buffet on the strip the other's must be totally awful.  I thought Vegas buffet actually had "AMAZING FOOD"??  It's just total over indulgence.Way to expensive for mediocre food.  for half that I can eat at the Grand Lux cafe inside the Venetian and have EXCELLENT food.
3	Bacchanal -- IMHO -- rates a solid Meh (or three stars). Part of that may just be my problems with buffets. I don't enjoy overeating and hate to see food wasted -- which it is by the plateful here.Does it represent good value for the money? If you're eating breakfast or lunch, the price is much more reasonable than dinner. And it seems to be pretty easy to get in at those times (zero wait for me at 11am on a weekday) so you save on the added cost of excessive waits that others have written about here.Service on my visit was friendly and prompt. No complaints there.Bacchanal is probably a good bet for the chronically undecided, those with fussy children, or those with enormous appetites.  Otherwise, I think you're better off spending a few moments thinking about what you'd like to eat and seeking that out at one of the multitude of places on the strip. You'll probably pay less and have an all around better experience.
3	Arrived early and didn't have to wait in line.This place is big and does have the fresh cooked appearance.They have an extensive, Asian section and beef.  Italian was small, seafood was excellent.The fish had everything you wanted. Crab legs, muscles etc.The meat section had prime rib with the rib if you wanted, lamb, brisket, ribs, sausage.Most everything was good. Some was excellent, but overall a good dinner for 44ppI was disappointed in the dessert section. Very small plates just not what I was expecting based on the huge selection in the main food area.It was an experience, I would go back again for about half the price or free.  In other words, not going to happen.Mixed drinks were about 14-15 dollars each.
2	I tried every single item they offered, I kid you not!  I'm seriously not impressed and think that the $44.99 price tag per person is too much!  This buffet offers pretty much every cuisine you can think of, except Indian.  How cool would that be if they had a little naan station though?!?!  Anyway, there's nothing really out of the ordinary that they offer.  Every station had "American" staples that Americans enjoy most.  Chinese: pecking duck, chow main, dim sum, fried rice.  Italian: pizza, pasta, meatballs, Japanese: miso soup, ramen, rolls, nigiri.  Stuff like that.  The standard fare any buffet pretty much offers.  I didn't see anything that stood out or made me feel like... "Damn, this ish was worth $50!I go to buffets because of the variety.  I can't say I ever eat my money's worth, but I really did want to put forth the effort and try everything so I can be as fair as possible in my review.The crab legs were a total fail as well.  It was too salty and overcooked.  I love indulging on crab legs during my visits to a buffet, but I couldn't even finish the plate they gave me.  *it is nice that they offer warm & cold though.I'm actually a little disappointed cause the pictures posted gave me a lot of hope!  I really thought it was going to live up to all its hype.  They didn't offer some of the stuff pictured.  I went on a Sunday night if that makes a difference.I thought their desserts were just ok.  I prefer the one at the Wynn for sure.  They offered a lot of different pastries, but they looked better than they tasted.  The gelato selection wasn't too great, but I did like the baklava flavor!  They also had mango chile, which reminded me of those Mexican candies!  Yum!  There was a crepe station as well.I didn't experience the service you other yelpers are talking about.  My server took our drink orders and that's about it.  I was with a party if six and we were stacking plates ourselves pushing them to the side.  There was a girl who kept coming to clear them out.  She also replenished our drinks.  Our server started doing his job towards the end, when we were just about ready to finish up.  I paid for my group with CC and wanted to tip with cash after we finished.  I don't know if that made a difference, but i'm sure we probably would've received better service if I had tipped upfront.  Again, that shouldn't matter, but service was nonexistent for my group.Overall, I probably won't come back.  The quality of the food was better than most buffets, but Wynn would still be my choice.  I think ambiance has a lot to do with it as well.  The decor at bacchanal was kind of bland.  It's modern and sleek, but lacked character.
5	ok so i really enjoyed my overall experience at the Bacchanal Buffet. i came with a large group of 12 people and to avoid waiting in line, we showed up early...like 4pm on a saturday for dinner early haha. it was so worth it though b/c our total wait time was maybe only 15-20 minutes. we were totally prepared to buy the front of line pass for $15, but def wasnt worth it for such a short wait. $49.99 for dinner didnt seem outrageous for me considering other hotel buffets are around the same price point.onto the food...i pretty much enjoyed everything i tried. big hits for me were the prime rib, shrimp cocktail, crab legs, lamb chop, ramen, gelato, and macarons. i really enjoyed all the variety of food available at this buffet...i just wish that i had a bigger stomach so i could have had a little bit of all the food haha. asian, italian, seafood, carving station, mexican - it all looked so good! service was spot on for our large party too. our plates were constantly cleared and there was never a big pile of dishes at our table. drinks were also consistently refilled and i really enjoyed the coffee haha. even though they had already added an automatic 18% gratuity for our large party, the servers and busboys were on top of things. def my current fave buffet in vegas right now!
3	This is supposed to be the new benchmark in terms of buffets in Vegas.  The insane line to get in is artificially conjured by intentionally being inefficient with their table clean up and seating.  You'll see plenty of open tables during your 2-3 hours wait to sit down!  And hell that's genius on their part since they offer a cut in front of the line option for an additional 15 bucks!The overall food quality is pretty good though i'll give them that but there is a crazy line to get all of the "good stuff" like crab legs and prime rib.  I mean i eventually  gave up and just ate the random stuff that didn't have a line.    I could have easily eaten 2-3x as much raw oysters and crabs legs if the line wasn't so insane.  Another genius move on their part to move these lines a long so slowly.I mean if you are one of those people that love buffets then definitely check this place out but personally I think you are much better off at one of the many great restaurants in vegas.
4	Ahhhhhh someone please take me back!!! And I apologize in advance because I know this review is going to be very long...but it is a HUGE buffet so don't blame me, blame Bacchanal :) If you are short on time just know..this buffet is WORTH VISITING. I was pretty skeptical by all the great reviews and the yelper's never lie..now for the people who would like to know what there is to have at this buffet: keep reading! Ok, I swear I'm not all over it because I'm asian but I can say i was genuinely impressed with the selection of asian food they had. The dim sum, multiple different soups varying from rice porridge, miso soup, hot and sour, won ton soup, ramen, and a curry type soup. Not only was the selection huge but the quality was great. I was really excited when I saw the korean bbq but it was a little tendon-y for my taste...Highlights: seaweed salad, roast duck, rice porridge, and all the dim sum items.Large assortment of deli meats that I didn't get to try because I was stuffing my face with other things. Same thing apples to the italian/pizza station. I did try some of the meatballs and the tortellini. They were both tasty but neither "wow-ed" me. Next to the mexican station were probably 20-25 different types of salsa, yummmmyyyyyOk, the meat station...they probably need more than one guy working this station but I was one of the lucky gal's that tasted the brisket...man is that brisket the best brisket and meat and fat I have EVER tasted. Not that anyone has to convince me to go back to Bacchanal, but I would go back for the brisket period. I also had the ham but the ham was nothing compared to the brisket. On my next visit I hope to see chicken breast instead of whole chicken where you pick your pieces. I just try to avoid bones when possible...The next station was carbo-junk food galore. Little baskets of sweet potato tater tots (please don't get me started), regular tator tots, fried chicken and french fries, don't remember the rest because I was too busy with the sweet potato tater tots. This is also really random...but the grilled asparagus was delicious. I am a fighter when someone serves me asparagus but I willingly got up for a second serving of asparagus here.Unfortunately, the seafood station is another one that seems understaffed. I didn't try much of the seafood besides the crab because there were SO MANY PEOPLE! But, the crab was much too salty for my taste.Before I end my praise of how great Bacchanal Buffet, PLEASE visit the crepe station and have one for me. In my visit, I ate 3, and its not because the crepes were small, unfortunately. I literally could not stop myself. There is an assortment of fresh blueberries, blackberries, raspberries, and nutella, caramel, chocolate, freshly whipped whipped cream, etc. This crepe station alone is what sets Bacchanal aside from the others. However, there were a lot of things I was flat out not impressed with: 1. The pathetic fruit selection. Not only was the selection pathetic but the presentation was not up to par with the other things in the buffet. Simple things like the pineapple...they didn't even remove the rind. My school dining hall serves the pineapple with rind. An upscale buffet where people are paying $45+tax and tip for dinner shouldn't have to do more work with the simple PINEAPPLE. Ok, enough with that. Onto the next thing2. The Mexican station...I thought this station could use some improvement. First of all, the shredded beef or whatever meat they served definitely has way too many chunks of fat in it. That is all. The tamales, tasty but not enough meat. 3. I understand that everyone is adapting to the "small plates" trend but I am not a fan..some of the items like the curly fries or other fried items I wanted to try ONE of but since they were pre-portioned, I couldn't! Sometimes the buffets end up wasting more through this method. Thats more of a suggestion than a complaint but whatever.4. This place didn't have macaroons on my visit. But there are pictures on Yelp saying that they have macaroons. They either need to have macaroons everyday or not at all. (angry emoji)5. Lastly, they need a bathroom inside the actual buffet. The bathroom is right outside where you pay but its inconvenient having to share a bathroom with everyone in the casino/hotel along with the buffet customers.Of course, no buffet is perfect so I'm afraid I have to give it a solid four stars. I hope to see continuous improvements on my next visit! (and hopefully not another price increase)PS. I didn't think the servers were as slow as people made them out to be. Within 2 minutes we had our initial greet with our server to take our drinks. By the time I brought back my first plate, the drinks were there. Just an FYI!
4	I enjoyed my experience here.  They pretty much have everything you could ask for in a buffet.  I took a bite from everything on the menu.  I probably had like 6 plates of food and 4 plates of dessert.    Tips:-Price is hefty at $60, but everything is made fresh and pretty good.-Tip is included when you pay at the front-Ther'es so much stuff to eat, sometimes I only took 1-2 bites of my entree and threw away the rest just so I could try everything.Top Tier:-Lamb shank-Roast beef-Oysters (fresh, there's a line tho.  You might have to camp for them)-Steamed Crab legs (ask to get this steamed, don't get the frozen ones.  You have to ask them to get it for you)-Sashimi (Spicy Tuna, yellow tail).  Be sure you ask the guy to make it for you.  This was one of things that stood out on the menu.Middle tier:-The soup station (allows you pho, ramen, udon). Be sure you ask the guy to prepare it for you-Ribs.  They were a bit dry, I didn't get the sauce tho 'cause I like trying the ribs by itself.-Tacos (ask for the guy to make it for you).-Meat & cheese section (prosciutto, salami, etc)-Chao (Asian rice porridge soup).  Be sure you get the 1000 year old eggs inside  & the Chinese donuts Low Tier:-Sushi - tasted whatever.  (just go for the sashimi)-Asian food (dim-sum, chow mein, fried rice)-Frozen crab legs (get the steamed crab legs, the frozen ones aren't as good once you've had the steamed)Drinks:-They have all kinds of crazy stuff to drink like carrot juice, etc.4 stars 'cause I think buffets are "OK", and I prefer going to places which specialize in whatever dish I'm hankering for.  Still a solid place nonetheless.
4	Pros:- Good quality for buffet food- Lot of variety- Lot's of seatingCons:- Huge line- A little pricyI came here for dinner and had to wait for a little over two hours. Theres a line where you can pay a little extra and get seated a little faster. After you pay there are separate lines, but the workers didn't do a good job of separating the two lines and it got very complicated. If I knew I was going to have to wait for two hours I wouldn't have waited, but it was too late. They had a taco station (my favorite) and a lot of meat and seafood. There was also a back room that I didn't know about where they had Italian and some Asian food. The good thing about this place is that there's a lot variety. They also have a lot of desserts. If I didn't have to wait such a long time I definitely would have enjoyed it more.
3	Short and simple here.  Keep in mind this is a buffet, your focus is on the most expensive items and don't expect the food to be top notch.  The obvious plan of attack, crab legs, shrimp, oysters, mussels, critters in the ocean.  Bacchanal offers cold crab legs and if you want hot, steamed ones, ask the staff behind the counter.  The crab legs were great, split in half, pinch and pull the meat off.  The shrimp cocktail, served cold, were a nice size.  Not over cooked and had a good texture, not mush.  The other items around the buffet didn't really grab my attention, such as the char siu pork, char siu ribs, roast duck, dimsum items.  But like I said, this was expected, I didn't pay $44.99 pre-tax to eat these items.  Nor did I really enjoy the kalbi and ramyun.  The sushi rolls were good, no sashimi for those expecting to get piles of raw fish on their plate.  They had a good chose of smoked meats, prime rib, lamb chops, and even beef rib, which is harder to find.Overall, a good experience and again, go for the seafood! Our wait at 6:30 PM was 30 minutes before we got in.  The annoying part is the restaurant is way understaffed.  As you walk around, you'll find vacant tables but then you'll notice a line that's 50+ deep.  On the night we went, only two hostesses were seating guests, but there were six cashiers?  The servers were good, but there's just not enough to assist cleaning tables to get the next group in.  Fix it!!!
2	If you eat here pay for the express pass. Or you could go to M Resort's buffet, not wait in the long line and not spend $70pp!
4	I waited in line for 1hr and 40 min for weekend brunch at 11:30am.  Since they have a seperate line pass $15, the wait to pay for a cashier got longer.  This new line made waiting in line longer because 3 cashiers would help line pass/silver members and only one cashier for the regular line.  Otherwise I enjoy the food-Asian, carving, Italtian, desserts, American food.  The staff refill my drinks without asking. It's also perfect for big groups since they have tables for large groups of 6-10 people.  No blue stone crab, just shrimp, oysters, and crab legs. Cons: -They also charge $15 for a line pass.  -Need a price info posted on a wall-Didn't know the omelett station is at the desert station before I was too full to eat-Need to post the buffet  prices info on the wallPros:-Love carne asada tacos, duck, asian food-red velvet pancakes are delish-sweet potatoes tots were delish-variety of juices are tasty too-macaroons are good-pizzas are tasty
4	I came here early on a Saturday evening and didn't need to wait to be seated. However, it was a different story for those who were in queue by the time I left. The service was decent, although it did annoy me when they completely cleared my table before we were done eating. My stomach ate itself while I stood in line for the meat station, but I filled up on the meat really fast (try the prime rib). I liked that the crab legs were already sliced in half so they were easy to eat. There really weren't any other main dishes to choose from, but there was a wide variety of desserts. Albeit the food is good, I still think Wicked Spoon wins when it comes to Vegas buffets.
5	BEST. BUFFET. YET.Wynn was always my favorite just because of their quality. M was delicious because of their quantity + price. But Bucchanal...I think tops both of these. We were the smart people who got in line around 1:45 pm and paid around 2:50...just in time to pay for lunch but get dinner food! We live such a dangerous life, don't we? We did have a party over 6 people, so they charged us 18% tip. (Total was $36. My friends went for dinner, and with the 18% gratuity, it was like $51.) I don't really see the need to tip at buffets more than a few bucks, but what can we do...I think one reason I really loved this buffet was because of the ASIAN FOOD. Living away from home really makes me crave this! They had miso soup, hot and sour soup, and black chicken soup. They had sushi, PEKING DUCK, and other general asian dishes. The peking duck was sweet and delicious. I ate enough of that to pay for my meal.They ran out of salmon at one point, and one of the chefs, after asking what I was waiting for, went to go get me some. How sweet!! Plus points for great service.They also have a ton of seafood including crab legs and oysters. All of my friends got their money's worth eating that. They had rib eye steak, fresh-made tacos, fresh fruit, lamb chops, amazing desserts including innovative ice cream flavors, and an all-around great selection of food. DEFINITELY RECOMMEND.
4	Like some other yelpers, The Buffet at the Wynn was my favorite. I wanted to try the Wicked Spoon too, but this was closer to where we were staying. I think this is a close tie between Wynn and Bacchanal. We came here on a Monday afternoon thinking there wouldn't be a longass line. Oh man, there was a longass line. We waited for about 40 minutes, but it was worth it! We were pretty hungry by the point we got to our table, and I got to say they have a good variety like the Wynn. All the seafood dishes were very good. The one I liked most was the grits. So good. Mac and Cheese, roasted potatoes, salmon, prime rib, brisket, tiramisu were just so awesome. They also have juices in cute bottles, but they didn't stand out too much. I was waiting for the crab legs to come out, but the wait was too long. I like this place a lot. Good Job, Caesars Palace!
4	WOW, I can't believe I ate for 3 hours, nonstop. I just HAD to try almost everything they had to offer. Damn that "get more bang for your buck" mentality!!!!! In my opinion, Studio B at the M hotel and Bellagio were my top buffets in vegas. Yes, even Wynn and Wicked Spoon at the cosmopolitan cannot compare. This buffet is definitely on par with Studio B and Bellagio. I'm going to list out how the top buffets rank in comparison to each other for each category and let you decide where you want to try for yourself. (1 = best)Carving Station: 1. Studio B, 2. Bacchanal, 3. BellagioSeafood: 1. Bacchanal, 2. Studio B, 3. BellagioAsian: 1. Bacchanal, 2. Studio B, 3. BellagioBBQ: 1. Bellagio, 2. Bacchanal, 3. Studio BSalad (who comes to this station anyway?): 1. Studio B, 2. Bacchanal, 3. BellagioItalian: 1. Bellagio, 2. Bacchanal, 3. Studio BAmerican: 1. Bellagio, 2. Bacchanal, 3. Studio BDessert: 1. Bacchanal, 2. Bellagio, 3. Studio BAs you can see, they all have their goods and not so goods. It just depends on what you're craving. I will say that Bellagio's buffet is smaller in size so they do not have as much variety, but you can count on their quality. Everything they put out will be good whereas quality decreases as Studio B and Bacchanal offer more quantity. Also, Studio B includes all you can drink beer and champagne whereas Bacchanal has fresh squeeze juices (orange, carrot, tropical, and watermelon)Last tips, its $46/person for a holiday brunch, but it's $2 off/person if you're a total rewards member. Also, no lines before 11:30am for brunch! I hear their line goes round and round and round!By the end of the 3rd hour, all foods taste the same. Trust me, I don't think you'd want to eat anymore. FYI, the restrooms are right outside of the buffet.
1	Seriously...NO.My wife and I were intrigued by Bacchanal even though we usually prefer a sit down meal.  In fact, the only time I typically go to buffets is if I'm in a rush (so I can get my food and leave).  We stayed at Caesars over a weekend so decided since we were in the hotel, we might as well try it.  First off, let me just say I can't believe anyone would wait in a lengthy line for a buffet.  When we walked by on Saturday night, the line was like one you would see at Disneyland in the prime months of summer (a 90 minute wait....just absurd, but people were waiting in it).  I laughed when I saw you could buy a line pass for $20.  I've heard of that for a nightclub but for a buffet?!  You've got to be kidding.  We opted to go on Monday night when the crowd was gone.  It wasn't much of a line to get in, but there were still lines for all the food dishes.  The most impressive station appeared to be the Barbeque.  They offered Prime Rib, Spareribs, Ribeye, Lamb chops, sliders, Brisket of Beef, and Brats.  The Lamb Chops and sliders were very good.  The Brisket of Beef was fatty, and my wife said the Prime Rib was as tough as leather.  I didn't indulge in the crab legs because the station was so busy.  The salad bar was picked over and looked pretty run down by the time we got there.  The pasta station was pretty typical.  The dessert bar was impressive (tried a couple of different ones).  As far as the "500 items" they advertised, I'd say it was about 450 items too many.  Honestly, I don't see how anyone would expect the quality to be up to par with that many items.  This place is much more for people that just want a big quantity and want to gorge.  Admittedly paying $44.95 for dinner at this place is a bit of a ripoff.  FWIW, the best buffet in Vegas is the Wicked Spoon...HANDS DOWN!  I've been to all of the other nice ones and that is the only one I will venture to going forward.
5	Seriously, this is THE best buffet in Las Vegas.  We went on a weekday and paid $48.64 per person for dinner.  I know people like the buffets at the Bellagio and the Wynn but their quality has seriously gone downhill -- for those who remember how good they used to be.  Bacchanal has so much food that your head will spin!  When you first get there, you'll wonder when the line of food will end because it seems to go on forever.  I loved the shrimp cocktail because they were gigantic and the crab legs were good.  I didn't, however, like the oysters there because they tasted rotten and smelled funky.  I regretted grabbing a plateful after getting excited that they had raw oysters but I finished them anyway because I didn't want to waste the food.  If you get a chance, try their lobster chowder!  I loveddd it!One thing that I did notice is that some of the food at Bacchanal is very ... ethnic and not for the newbies.  For example, they serve a Chinese soup in this small individual ceramic/clay pot and it is EXTREMELY bitter.  I do not recommend anyone getting that soup unless you've had it before because I know most people won't be able to tolerate that kind of taste.  Also, they serve a mango chili gelato that I thought was very strange.  I mean, I love anything mango but the chili adds a spicy flavor that just didn't work for me.Overall, I loved this place and I'd go there again.  I'm glad that I have another buffet to go to, other than the usual Bellagio and Wynn, when it comes to seafood buffets.
5	Breakfast was amazing and totally worth the $25 to get in. There was no wait when we showed up around 10:20 and breakfast ran into lunch so we got free extras. Beware though, that a long line started to form at 10:35 since I'm sure others had the same idea, but the hostesses were holding people off to pay the lunch fare, which is higher. Breakfast was amazing with an Italian, Asian and Mexican buffets, each with their own eggs and potatoes flavored accordingly. The croissants were perfectly flaky- my husband probably had 3 of the chocolate ones. The omelet bar wasn't busy and the cook was fast. There were regular pancakes and french toast, but the best find was the red velvet pancakes which went great with fresh whipped cream and strawberries from the dessert bar. At the Mexican food station, there were several types of salsa, hot sauces, and guacamole for eggs, which I thought was great. The dessert bar was the most impressive that we saw (even better than the Bellagio). There were two ladies ready to make crepes for you and an entire station with fresh fruit and home made shipped cream topping. There was also gelato- several varieties (the Bellagio only has soft serve), mini cupcakes, tiramisu, cookie jars, two types of creme brulee, more danishes for breakfast, lots of sliced fruit, candy, and eclairs. The coffee with breakfast was actually good and there were several types of fresh squeezed juices in individual jars: cucumber, tomato, orange, grapefruit, pineapple, apple, etc. The only area that I ever saw completely out of anything was the juice bar, where they were having trouble keeping the fresh squeezed OJ in stock. Nothing else was ever empty!One of the days, we ate breakfast at the restaurant in the lobby at Ceasar's and ran a tab of $62 for 2 orange juices, coffee, pancakes, an omelet, toast (which was $5 extra), and a side of eggs. The buffet is less than $50 and all you can eat so we never went back to a standard restaurant for breakfast. Plus, after you eat at the breakfast buffet, you will skip lunch anyway. Oh also- Ceasar's gets extra points because the ambiance is chic and more relaxing than the Bellagio.
4	Yup, they weren't kidding when they say this is the best buffet on the Strip.  Expensive but pretty darn good.  We ate the lunch buffet.  Where else but in Vegas can you getGinseng & Chicken Soup steamed in a ceramic bowlRamen StationOyster ShootersFresh Shucked OystersSushiAmerican BBQ meats of all kinds - beef brisket, sausages, beefFresh made soft tacos with Wagyu BeefPasta - all kindsFat prawns with just the tail onCevicheChinese NoodlesRoast Duck (Chinese style) with Plum SauceDim SumBuild your own saladsHot Sauce Bar at the Mexican stationFreshly squeezed juice in your own jar - cucumber, watermelon, tropical, orangeall in one place?The lineup wasn't bad on a Tuesday at 11 a.m.  The line started to build at about noon to 1 p.m.Come to the Bacchanal Feast with an empty stomach!
5	As far as all the buffets I've ever been to, this is the BEST I've ever been to. At $54 pp for dinner, we were skeptical at going to eat there. There was no wait at 9pm but the service wasn't superb. There was no wait for crab, meats or anything for that matter. This is one of my favorite experiences from this Vegas trip. Highly recommended!!
5	Eating at a buffet is all about choices and 500+ items automatically makes it 5 stars and the greatest daily buffet in Vegas history.  If you can't find at least 25 things you enjoy here, you might want to consider seeking professional help.  They really excel at a lot of the buffet staples like pizza, sushi, and fried chicken.  A stand alone restaurant could be set up on each of these dishes and they'd average at least a 3 star Yelp rating for sure.  But you gotta love the unique food items like handmade tortillas, lamb chops, ribeye, ramen, kobe sliders and THEN the dessert section good lord!  My advice would be to check that area out first so you have some idea of what you may want to try before going for that 5th plate of Peking duck with a side of pasta.  I am not saying all the food is 4-5 star quality but Bacchanal Buffet is pretty amazing as a whole.  Avoid peak hours or try to find a gambling degenerate friend with a 7-star players card to avoid the line completely.  I was there on a Wednesday night at 8pm and the line wasn't long at all.  Bravo to Caesars Palace for finally having a buffet worthy of their resort!
5	=The Facts= -December 7-9, 2012: "the off season", per our server.-Friday AND Saturday night 8pm: ~10 people in line, seated in 5 minutes.-Sunday just before noon: ~75 people in line, seated in under 30 minutes.-8pm offered dinner items. At least 95% repeat items between Fri-Sat-Sun.-12pm offered 20% breakfast items / 80% dinner. I say dinner instead of lunch, because they were the same items that we saw at 8pm on our previous visits.95% of the food we tried was, for the lack of a better term, "restaurant quality", opposed to "cafeteria quality". The quality you would expect from your favorite local (insert ethnicity here) eatery that's been in business for 20 years, and not a chain, precooked and packaged after thought.There's a battle being waged in Las Vegas, The Battle of the Buffets, and The Bacchanal is currently winning. I love this trend. As long as the quality of food and price stay in line with each another, and I think they have for the most part, I will continue to look forward to the next contender. Meanwhile, The Bacchanal Buffet is the place to eat.PRO TIP!: If you have the constitution to pull off more than 2 visits in a 24hr span, you will likely benefit from the Buffet of Buffets 24hr Pass. Assuming you go 3 times, the savings equal 'buy two get one free'.
4	I came here for the champagne brunch and I didn't think the champagne portion was worth it.  Never had such pulpy mimosas in my life!  Other than that, the food is really good.  The chefs that work behind the counter are so sweet and give great service.  The highlights of my 3 hour eating escapade here were the gelato station (they had really unique gelato flavors!), prime rib, raw oysters, king crab legs, creme brulee, and fresh carrot juice.
5	We almost didn't make it to Bacchanal, but we already parked and had some hungry kids on our hands.  To say it was great is an understatement, it was freakin fantastic, so delicious!!!  Everything was fresh, and I loved the way they served the food, fried chicken legs and sweet potato fries in a tiny fry basket, and truffle scalloped potatoes served in a tiny cast iron skillet!  The kids loved the fresh juices, and the deserts were great too!  Sadly they didn't have regular creme brulee, only chocolate, but the pecan bars were to die for!!!
5	This is the King of Buffets. Or should I say Emperor.  Caesar's Palace set out to create pure decadence and gluttony and succeeded on so many levels.  Of course the ancient romans had the vomitoriums ( a practice frowned upon in modern day Vegas) and could probably eat much more than we can.  I don't even mind the price or the long lines. Realistically, to get the same quality food for dinner you would pay as much if not more per person and have far less food. Here is the best tip ever.  If you want to pay only 27 dollars per person and have almost no line, do midweek lunch.  You will miss the fresh crab legs and a few carving choices but the rest of the food is amazing from the lobster bisque and clam chowder, shrimp and grits, fresh Italian meat choices, Wagyu Beef sliders that are the best sliders I have ever tasted.  The waitresses are pleasant but the best staff members are those behind the counter making the food and explaining it to the customers.  Don't be afraid to ask.My favorites are:Italian Meats - 7 varieties of salami, proscuitto, etc.  The cheese selection is a little thin and could use a soft cheese choice.The oriental duck and pork - right next to the sushi. (BTW yesterday I had some amazing shrimp tempura sushi.)Wagyu Beef Sliders and Sweet Potato Tots.Chicken WingsLobster Bisque and Clam ChowderShrimp GritzPaellaSpecialty sausageSlab bacon. (don't ask, just try it. And don't worry about the calories).The desert bar is a treat of its own with amazing gelato flavors and a seemingly endless variety of chocolate delights.  They have watermelon mint, sour cherry, spicy chocolate, etc.For dinner they have king crab legs made right in front of you, more meat variety including Lamb and Veal, and well, more food.This is the finest buffet in Vegas and in my top 10 of Vegas dining must goes.
5	Really, I'm not one for hyperbole, but believe the hype.  Caesars' Bacchanal Buffet is THE BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS (and perhaps the world based on the United Nations of diners eating or queued up in line waiting to get in)!  After our aborted attempt to have our Thanksgiving dinner at Bacchanal Buffet, my parents, the gf and I went there for brunch on a Friday late-morning/early afternoon.  The line to get in was very long, but moved reasonably fast and we were seated after a 40-minute wait.  Since it was a holiday weekend, diners were limited to two hour stay...not that I could eat for two hours without bursting a la Mr. Creosote in Monty Python's The Meaning of Life.The dining room is modern, bright, but not as large as you'd expect.  The dominant, and most important, features are the long, multi-station buffet line that runs along the exterior and the dessert buffet station in the center of the dining room.  What makes Bacchanal Buffet stand out is that the quality and execution of food on the buffet line is amazingly high especially when you consider the sheer volume of food being prepared.  The ingredients are exceedingly fresh and incorporated into items that are made fresh daily, if not continually.  While you certainly pay a price ($44 for brunch, $50 for dinner), Bacchanal Buffet doesn't cut corners in terms of diversity of selection and gross quantity on the its buffet line. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=XF8wOzssRcIpzTJkOIa5fQ#ewLgq_cCjrvvVHePLFtF8g http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=XF8wOzssRcIpzTJkOIa5fQ#O3vEnr2Kj_GXz0BlOpYOmg http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=XF8wOzssRcIpzTJkOIa5fQ#4c_IwHr_y8XjodmKWJ41HA http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=XF8wOzssRcIpzTJkOIa5fQ#RZ7vhOqOXm6qqhc9qiS2_A http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=XF8wOzssRcIpzTJkOIa5fQ#J91YSDvd5u6qEGdnwDbjZw Since we were there before 1 pm, the buffet offered breakfast items such as made-to-order omelets and crepes.  I passed on breakfast and sampled liberally from the Asian, Italian, Mexican, and seafood selections.  Dim sum?  Check!  Sushi?  Check!  Pho, ramen, or udon?  Check, check, and Check!  Charcuterie and cheeses?  Check!  Grilled and roasted meats?  Check!  Food highlights:  the Posole Rojo, which was nicely seasoned spicy; the Machaca con Salsa; the meaty Alaskan King Crab Legs warmed upon request; the chilled, peeled shrimp; Sticky Rice wrapped in a lotus leaf; and what appeared to be a very tasty interpretation of Xiao Long Bao, a broth-filled dumpling.  The Bacchanal Buffet epitomizes American (and Vegas) excess...in a good way.  While I certainly won't confuse it with a fine dining experience, the food is better than the majority of restaurants on the Strip.  Is it too much of a good thing?  Probably, but what goes in your belly in Vegas, stays in Vegas.
5	All I can really say is WOW. We never go to buffets but after seeing all the reviews I had to try this place. I was very impressed. The food was great and the staff was excellent. I really couldn't have been more pleased from the crab legs to the hand carved slab bacon and unlimited champagne it was a awesome brunch (and a great deal too).
5	Came in at the perfect time.  You know - at the end of breakfast, but at the beginning of brunch.  There wasn't a wait to get in at that time and I was able to have a little bit of breakfast and lunch.  Worked out well.   I have to say that this is the best buffet in Vegas.   Though the buffet is smaller than some of the other top buffets, they make up for it in quality.  Like Wicked Spoon, they offer a la carte portions.  I love that - it's clean, individually portioned, and you get buffet items you'd expect on full restaurant menus.They won me over when I saw red velvet pancakes and monte cristo sandwiches for breakfast.  And they surprised me when I saw taiwanese breakfast offerings and pretty solid XLB and hargow dumplings.  My favorite breakfast item was their Croque Madame which had a perfectly over-medium egg in the middle of the sandwich.  My buddy, a tough critic, thought that the eggs benedict was perfect.For lunch, loved their shrimp cocktail, their ceviche bar and gaspacho.  They also had a taco bar where they freshly cooked carne asada and al pastor.  And they had a full guac/salsa bar.  It was definitely good.  But the star of the show was their meat station.  They offered prime rib, st louis ribs, and beef brisket.  The ribs were tough and dry - didn't recommend it.  But I requested my brisket extra fatty and the guy behind the counter lit up like my Christmas tree.  He gave me some great burnt ends and it was just some great meat.  I really enjoyed my brisket here.While I love entrees, my heart is always reserved for dessert. They definitely had a few solid offerings.  They have some fancy looking chocolate, they have creme brulee, I really liked their praline tarts, they had a crepe station, and a gelato bar.  My favorite gelato was their baklava gelato.  Pretty solid.  It didn't beat the Thai Tea gelato I had at Wicked Spoon the night before.  And I can't say that the dessert was better than the Bellagio buffet.  But overall..I thought that the quality entrees made this buffet stand out above its competitors.
4	Oh Bacchanal, how you've spoiled me.Bacchanal seems to be the new hype around town, evident from the LONG wait line for Thanksgiving weekend. After arriving at Bacchanal at around 5pm during the Thanksgiving weekend, we were informed the wait time would be around 3 hours. If you were willing to dish out another $20 for the express line, you'd still be looking at 1hr wait time. And since it's the holiday season, prices had gone up to reflect the holiday spirit.No matter, we were prepared to wait. I mean, I get to eat my fill of fresh oysters, I would be willing to wait for that!So...after a turtle-slow moving line and well over three hours later, we found ourselves finally at the pay counter. In the meantime, we were entertained by the other onlookers or passer-by scoffing at all those dumb people willing to wait for so long just to get into a buffet...or maybe we were entertaining them? Who cares?The seafood station is right by the entrance, all those shelves in transparent container sure kept me giddy for bit, not to mention watching those crab legs and oysters being shucked. So as soon as we got our table, I went to the seafood station.Food was definitely fresh, since you can see them being prepared right in front of you. In fact, there were such a long line at the seafood station, and since most people were there for the crab legs, the service guy just ended up serving crab legs right out the pot! Hot, steaming crab legs, how can you not love it? The downside was since oysters were being shucked fresh, there wasn't enough to go around. I just grabbed half a dozen before I got a guilt trip and had to leave so there would be enough for the people waiting behind me. But no matter, I visited the station numerous times to get more~The fried goodies, like french fries, tater tots, came in individual serving sized frying basket, which I thought was very considerate and cute. The french fries were still crunchy after I've left them on the table for over an hour.Sadly I didn't have enough stomach to sample the other stations, though I don't regret that at all. Next time when I'm back in Vegas, I'll still drop by Bacchanal to get my seafood fix!
3	$41.99 for brunch. $40.99 if you have a Total Rewards Card.Overrated. Absolutely overrated and not worth the price. I would have been so much happier and $10 richer if I had just gone to Wicked Spoon instead. Seafood selection is slim. I did appreciate crab legs, shrimp, and mussels but I was super disappointed to see them shucking oysters but not having them during brunch.I liked the dim sum bar. Prime rib was nothing noteworthy. Sushi was mediocre.The hype keeps this place busy but I will pass on this in the future.
1	2nd visit..& will be our last. It didn't take long for this buffet to experience the downfall of others, food & service have both gone way downhill!.First the food: many items were cold & tasted like they'd been out for awhile. Also, you know food is being prepared half-a*#'ed/cheap when everything is bland & way oversalted. & the buffet itself is still totally unorganized.Service: had to keep asking for refills & for our plates to be cleared. Our server must've been having a bad day, he hardly spoke.It didn't take long for them to raise the prices either. They should've concentrated on the quality of food rather than overcharging for this buffet.Not worth the price and the lines are a joke. I'll take Bellagio & Wicked Spoon over this place any day..
4	Cut to order Prime Rib all day! One of the better buffets in Vegas. Pros: good variety of choices of food genre: Chinese, Japanese, Mexican, middle eastern, etc. Excellent dessert station. Maybe the best in Vegas. Cons: lines for the taco station and the seafood station are way too long. The sushi could have been better too.
1	My wife and I went there for the first and last time today. Beautiful decor and the food presentation was terrific but ... There was one "hot" food item we tried that was more than luke warm. Hot food should be kept around 135 degrees or hotter. Really tasty chowder - luke warm; fried chicken with sweet potato fries - luke warm chicken and cold fries; brisket - luke warm. Having suffered from food poisoning a little over a month ago at my own hand I was reluctant to finish anything that isn't at the proper temperature. We told a "manager" who acted concerned and said she'd tell the chef. Tell the chef? How about serving food at a proper and safe temperature. The scary thing? They had an "A" rating from the LV Health Inspection. Maybe I need to start carrying around my own thermometer when I go out from now on. Disgusting. This place was cheap and I expected better.
3	Although an upgrade from the last Caesars buffet, a few turn-offs gave this buffet 3.5 stars:  Some of the hits included the surprisingly fresh tasting choices - the prime rib was perfectly cut and seasoned and the steamed crab leg option was a nice touch.  Some of the misses didn't have anything to do with the food really, but the layout.  Because the prime rib and seafood stations are inherrently the most popular, it was very difficult to navigate through to the supporting cast of the super stars.  If you wanted a classic side dish of mac n' cheese or mashed potatoes, you had to wait in the prime rib line or dare to cut someone off.  The lines to the buffet also spilled into the main walkway where incoming guests were feeding through; it made the space feel a bit busy and crowded.  I know it's new, but I think it was a bit too cramped for my taste.  I think Wicked Spoon trumps Bacchanal - a great 2nd choice once the buzz dies down.
3	Typical vegas buffet. It's defiantly an upgrade from the old caesars buffet but its not the best out there. The poorly designed buffet leaves you waiting awhile to get to the seafood and carved meats area. While in the mean time trying to move so people can get side and other food while your waiting. All in all it's worth trying now while its new and before it goes down hill like other buffets in the past.
2	I read a review below that you should go to the Wicked Spoon instead. GO TO THE WICKED SPOON INSTEAD.  Good, that should clear that up.   Look I don't mind dropping a $100 on a good meal, but when you start spending $50 a person, the food needs to be delicious and the dining needs to be an experience. So-so on the delicious and FAIL on the experience.      So of their menu items were actually NOT good at all. I tried some of their BBQ at the carving station and it was dry to the point of being toast like. Furthermore I don't know who is responsible for keeping everything clean here, but they fail EPICALLY. The place is disgustingly dirty.      On top of that I got my water refilled once, and I basically had to stalk the server down TWICE in order to get it taken care of. Seriously this place is not worth this kind of money. Go to the wicked spoon at the Cosmo instead.
3	This was kind of disappointing. The Chinese duck was always empty-I went back 3 times and just skin and bones were there. Also all of their roasted meat tasted smoked and that is not what I want. I loved the oyster shooters, the shiu mai and char siu was very good. $100 for 2. Then I splurged and bought Veuve Cliquot for $120 -only triple what I pay for at Costco. But after 1/2 a bottle, a bug was in my glass. I brought it to the manager who said it was still alive (but drunk) and brought me a whole new bottle. So I spent less for more champagne.
4	Probably most popular ...     King crabs.  I don't eat that.  But everyone was.  Tomato mozzarella and nice salads and cole slaw.Giant meatballsPenne ala vodkaSlidersOnion ringsSushi and Mexican stationsDuckPrime ribLamb chopsCornShrimp cocktailLoads of dessertsPizza.   Four diff kindsGiant garlic knotsSunday night was 48 an adult and 26 for my 8 yr old!!! Very good buffet but pricey
4	Don't forget the cheese and meats in the back room. Ask for the watermelon juice.
5	After 360 reviews, there is not much I can add.THIS WAS THE BEST BUFFET I HAVE EVER BEEN TO !!!!If I lived in Vegas & I was rich, I would eat here every day !!!What are those heavenly soft chocolate lollypop things ???  Sooo Yummy !!!
4	Food was good quality but not as good as Bellagio or Mandalay Bay. The line was the longest I have seen in Las Vegas in a few years. Selection was larger than the two buffets mentioned. Pretty happy with this buffet. The long wait was the worst aspect of my experience.
5	Tried three buffets in Vegas. This was the best of three by far. The other two were at Wynn and balleys. Pros: Great variety of good food. Very nice ambiance.Great staff. Quality preparation. All food is very accessible. Lots of meats. Cons. Price
4	Holy crap on a cracker!  The line to get into this posh buffet during dinner hours is major.1 hour to pay...1 hour to get seated...10-15 minutes to get seafood...But the upside is, the food was pretty darn good.  When I hit a buffet, I always try to squish in 'AT LEAST' 3 rounds of servings.Round 1 - zero waiting:Pork fried rice, chow mein, veggie spring roll, pork sui mai, Shanghai dumpling (YES, juice inside too), cali roll, salmon nigiri, beef with broccoli, kung pao chicken.I drank diet Coke for burp-age power, its to make more room for food after burping out the air in my stomach.Round 2 - 10 to15 minutes wait:Baked salmon, lobster bisque, seafood ceviche, lots of Alaskan king crab legs, lots and lots of shrimp cocktails, 4 freshly cracked opened oysters (this took the additional 5 minute wait)Break time!  Drank diet coke for burp-age.Round 3 - 5 minutes wait:Wagu beef slider, prime rib, bbq ribs, garlic mash potatoes, french fries in it's own fryer basketAt this point, I'm full up to my neck.  And almost can't walk anymore... but dessert must be eaten too.  At this point, I ordered a cup of hot tea to go with my dessert.Round 4 - zero waiting:Dark chocolate layered mousse cake, lemon strawberry cupcake, creme brulee, chocolate dipped strawberriesWhen I got back, my tea was waiting for me.  It was a nice touch for them to provide the hot water in it's own decanter but the tea was basic Lipton.  Yuck.  For $49.99, they should at least have better tea available!  I got my money's worth...definitely did.  I seen others shove more food into their mouths than I did but to each it's own :)Tip:  Make sure to tip your waiter/waitress directly, they provide better service when you do this.  I took 1 star off due to all the waiting.  Otherwise, the food is 5 stars to me.
4	Pros: sushi bar will slice up yellowtail and salmon sashimi upon request and it is a great cut of sushi.Fried chicken.Cous cous (surprisingly).Deli meats and cheeses.All asian selections.Oysters were really good.Cons: Crab legs were a bit smaller and not as sweet as the Wynn's.Starches in bbq/american fare were a bit underseasoned.Fish had a lot of bones.Overall, the dinner buffet was well worth the price as the buffet selections were never ending and the desserts were awesome. Will definitely come back for lunch/brunch.
4	As a Las Vegas local I had been eager to try this new and highly raved about buffet.  I met an out-of-town friend for lunch at the buffet yesterday.  We met at 12:15 and only waited about 15 minutes in line.  Once inside, we didn't have to wait longer than 3 people for anything, so we were very surprised how convenient the lunchtime buffet was.  Other reviews indicate that dinner is a different story - so I recommend going for lunch!  No, you won't get crab legs at lunch, but if that isn't important to you, then go for lunch!  I don't think anyone can eat everything here, so I will only speak to the things we ate.  The lunch buffet with tax was $32.  Honestly, most people will probably spend $20 to $30 on lunch anywhere on the Strip, so it's not an entirely bad deal.  The service was excellent and our drinks never went below half empty.  Here's my food comments.  Things I loved: the sushi was surprisingly good though the soy sauce had too much sodium.  The cooked meats were killer good - including the brisket and ribs, cut to order.  Excellent sweet cornbread.  The shrimp on ice and seafood paella was good.  The mac-n-cheese was not your standard mac-n-cheese and really awesome!  The tacos are made to order - you just tell them the meat and he grills it up and makes it for you.  NOW FOR THE DESSERT.  SAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT!  The bread pudding was excellent - espcially with a hot cup of coffee after lunch!  It says there is a 2-hour maximum.  We stayed longer and nobody said anything.  But it also wasn't very busy and we were just chatting mostly - and not consuming ravenous amounts of food.  As we were leaving at 3:15pm, we noticed that the crab legs were being served.  Again, not my thing - but if they come out for "dinner" at 3:00pm, you might be wise to eat around 3-4pm to avoid long lines.  I will definitely return for the lunch buffet.  Probably not for the dinner buffet - because I can't eat $50 worth of food.  It's a very good buffet experience that you should try at least once!
3	Really good food.. rather pricey, but I have been 2x nonetheless. Everything from an antipasti style meat counter, to Asian style foods and BBQ.. the buffet also includes and bit of sushi and fresh seafood.  They have redesigned the previous buffet to include a more spacious floor plan and larger food stations. At something like $50 for dinner though, it's a hefty tag for a buffet. I know you get what you pay for, it is just a high price to pay when you consider how much gym time it will take to burn it all off! haha.. in actuality it's pretty good ~!
4	I'm a Vegas local and I will admit I'm pretty reluctant to go to the strip just to have a buffet dinner, however I was urged to go. It's pricey, but if you are like me and my boyfriend and can ignore the fact your stomach is telling you "Stop, enough, please... no more" it's worth it. Like most buffets (in my option) this is set up so it's wrapped around the dinning area, I can never find my seat. The only thing that I wasn't too pleased with was I had to wait almost 10 minutes for drawn butter, for my crab legs, which ended up causing a line of people. Everything was wonderful in terms of the food, quality, and service. I will have to say I LOVED our little Italian waiter who delighted us with short stories about NY (where I'm from), even with story time he was quick and efficient as well as super friendly. I wish I remembered his name because he was delightful. Overall a very very good dinning experience especially for a buffet.
4	Hands down the best buffet in vegas strip. It is expensive but there is so many options here its worth it to try it. There is seafood section, american section, asian section, mexican food, and a whole separate section for dessert. I like the presentation of the food and how some comes in cute plates. The only complaint is it takes up a good portion of your plate. the sushi here is actually decent and is a great cut. Ramen and PHO section: choose the ramen over the pho. Asian section: all good!!! they had dim sum, fried rice, noodles, and congee(porridge). Dessert: they had limitless macrons, but not as good as it looks. The only thing i like at the dessert section is the gelato balsamic with fig, sounds weird but its good. Waiting in line here was definitely gonna be the most annoying part for people. I heard if you pay 10 bucks you can be in like a fast line. So come early and try the buffet. I think its worth trying if you are here in vegas.
2	Tried it since most reviews were good, but should have listen to the unsatisfied honest reviews, it took 2 agonizing hrs. in line to reach the table which is well set and clean but wait you have to get in line again yes again for the food this time, service was good but after lining up again for food it was just okay not worth the long lines. Sashimi was not that fresh, Todai is better reasonable price & no lines. Oysters were sweet but the shuckers were slackers they were too SLOW on opening up the well liked oysters and they were shucking the tiny oysters not good, crab legs forget about it lacking in taste too low of a quality. I DO NOT recommend to spend 2 hrs in line for a so..so food.
4	We came here on a Friday night (12/14/12) with a party of 9 and expected a two hour wait from reviews/word of mouth. To our surprise, the line was really short to get in; we waited maybe 15 minutes. Bacchanal Buffet might be pricey but it is definitely worth every penny and it doesn't feel like a buffet but a real trendy restaurant vibe. The food lines are pretty long but there is a lot of different options, all of which are amazing. My buddies and I went straight for the  protein and seafood and was not disappointed. The dessert bar was also fantastic (try the Mint Watermelon Sorbet & Banana Fosters!). Def worth coming back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	4-4.5 stars. I'm writing this revew on behalf of my family. Haha. We go to Vegas pretty much every  Christmas break (excluding last year). This year, we had three straight buffet meals: dinner at Bacchanal Buffet, breakfast/brunch at MGM buffet (we were staying at MGM so we got meal credit), and dinner at The Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan (amazing!!!) This buffet, which re-opened in September, copies the original concept from The Wicked Spoon in which there are individual, warmed plates of food that you grab. The location is vast, fitting 600 seats and the decor modern and sleek. The seafood here was really good. The oysters were so fresh (from Virginia). My mom and I rarely eat oysters at buffets because of being wary of food-born illness, etc. (or oysters, period, considering how expensive they are) but we thoroughly enjoyed slurping on them here. Yum. There were also snow crabs and king crabs. You could also get them hot or cold, which were nice options, although the line system and organization for them was a bit awkward.The other food was forgettable to me, but solid. I had to look back at my photos just now to remember what I had that was notably good. There was nothing in particular, which might be expected at a buffet. But, I do remember more of my Wicked Spoon meal even if it was later.The desserts were a feast for the eyes, but by the time I got to them, my stomach felt so heavy -- I had been deprived for too long as a NYC grad student. Hah. I did still try some small bites from several desserts though, and I think I did end up being underwhelmed with the tastes. The mochi ice cream is from Mikawaya, which is good, but I somehow didn't imagine their green tea to be so floral and "western tea" tasting...unless the green tea flavor in particular wasn't from Mikawaya? There were two creme brulee options -- the standard vanilla creme and a chocolate one! Both were delicious with good texture and consistency in creme and glazed sugar -- not soggy or mushy, etc.The price at ~$45 for a weekday dinner (versus $50 for Friday - Sunday) is expensive, but seems to be a common price for Vegas buffets these days. I'm not sure if it deserves its "#1 Vegas buffet" from USA Today, but I'm open to going back to the buffet for its setting and various, solid options.
3	2.5 hours wait time to pay. 30 mins to get seated. Lets see what the hype is all about. The cons:1) the line for seafood is placed at an utmost bad location. Since there's always a line for seafood, any food items on that section are constantly filled with ppl standing in line. To get food or even plates, you will need to get thru the line every time 2) food too salty. I like food that has strong tastes but this is just beyond salty3) not much food selections4) unfair customers treatment from the Asian food dept. I saw a lot of customers asked for the special soup in a jar & they were told every time it will be 20 mins wait. 20 mins. 20 mins later you go back, the soup are out again. In between the 20 mins, I saw the server in that section handing 4 jars each to 3 customers that appear to know them. I'm Asian & since they were conversing in Chinese, I can tell the server was cutting slacks for them & let them have more soup, leaving other customers waiting & go back for nothing. The pros: 1) good desserts selections 2) the only place that boil your crabs for you3) fresh seafoodSeriously, when you see the line, you will think it is so good that ppl are willing to wait for 3 hours or more to get in. For those that are not willing to pay, you can pay a 'robbing' $20/person on top of the buffet price for the express lines with no wait. But the reality is, it s just another Vegas buffet & noting really special at all. The food are pretty much the same as other more recent buffet. If you ask me if I would stay in line again for Bacchanal, I would say no. Would I go back again? Well not really. It is just not worth the wait & the food really doesn't justify the price. Again as I noted at my other Vegas buffet reviews, I still think the Seafood Buffet at M Resort is still better than most of the new recent buffet. Cheaper price, shorter wait & unlimited beer & wine, you can't really go wrong!
4	One of the best buffets out there in Vegas! Price isn't too bad, $42 for lunch. I came here two weeks ago and the wait wasn't too long, a 40 minute wait for lunch. It was one of the better buffets I've had. The food was very good with a HUGE variety. Presentation of the food was nice and it tasted great. Plenty of fresh crab and oysters. You can even get it steamed hot if you like. Their tacos were excellent, wide variety of cheeses, caprese salad, watermelon and feta, and the beets salad were refreshing. Prime rib was good...sushi was fresh! They even had ramen! I loved their dessert section! It was phenomenal! I had to try a bite of everything! They even had French macaroons and mochi! The gelato bar was amazing and not to forget the homemade crepes. I had so much food, I was stuffed!
1	Not worth the money. Lamb rack too sweet, too much alcohol in obster chowder. This is what happens when there's over crowded people in the restaurant that quality suffers.
4	Newest buffet place opens up in Caesar's palace and it was packed even for lunch.  It was around $30 per person and it was pretty good.  My favorites were the prime rib, raw oysters, and some items in the chinese food section and bbq section.  There is also an italian food, mexican food, and american food section, and has a similar concept to Wicked Spoon in serving small plates.  The dessert section is also awesome.  I would say nothing really stood out but there is alot of food and it is a good choice for a buffet.
3	Meh -- just OK. This buffet was hyped up to us by Caesars staff during our last visit in August 2012 before it opened, so my fiance and I figured we'd stop by during our December visit to give it a try.Price was more expensive than other buffets on the strip. With a Total Rewards card, our bill was $48 per person for dinner on Friday night. It didn't feel like the food selection was much larger than the RIO buffet, but the selection was a bit better. If you're a seafood fan, which I am unfortunately not, there were quite a few choices. My fiance pigged out on the crab legs and said that that alone was worth the cost. I did like that they had a taco station where they grilled up some beef and had a wide variety of salsas and some seriously delicious guacamole. Besides that, nothing in the main food buffet stood out to me.The dessert section was where I was actually impressed. The crepe station was a nice touch, wide selection of mochi, and some delicious macaroons. Yes, I did go up for seconds.It was the service that really made this a 3 star (I'd give it 3.5 stars for just the food). One waiter was servicing a whole section and wasn't able to keep up with the seatings. It took 20 minutes (almost 1 dish) to get his attention then another 15 minutes to get water. The table next to us (and boy, some of the tables are close) tried to get an iced tea for almost 20 minutes before walking up to another waiter. The server didn't come back for water refills until the end of the meal and plates were piling up on all the tables around us. I probably would not make a return appearance at Bacchanal.
3	Food was good, some very good. The wait on Christmas morning before 10 am was only 20 mins.; however, I have a special needs child who doesn't chew food well and wasn't going to eat much anyway.  I kindly asked if they could charge a child's price instead.  The cashier went and asked her manager and was told NO.  I had to pay the full $50 plus for him to eat about $5 worth of food...merry Christmas from Caesar Scrooge.  He had some scrambled eggs and biscuits and gravy and about three ounces of OJ.  Thanks.  Try Bellagio buffet for those with special needs kids.  They treated him much better and if you wanted to be seated sooner, ask to speak with the manager, he'll get you in sooner.Anyway, the good was the dim sum, the black chicken soup with ginsing, brisket, fried chicken and waffles, the Kobe sliders (great!), skirt steak with egg, sweet potato fries, sushi and spicy chorizo con papas.The OK, was the shrimp cocktail and crab legs .  Had better at Bellagio and better sushi.The really good was the watermelon mint sorbet and the cucumber juice if available.Quality was very good, but the customer service with my son was a deal breaker.  I had called Caesars three times and could not get someone from the buffet or a manager to speak to earlier to ask questions before we went.  We could not even get a voice mail.   Got to speak with operators who did not give me any viable information.  Similar thing happened at Wynn a couple of years ago...will never go back to gamble or stay or eat ever again.  Sometimes an act of kindness on a day like today would have gone a long way.
1	We waited here for 5 hours and was expecting really good seafood.  But it turned out that they only have crab leg and some oysters.  The long wait was definitely not worth it.  The price is ridiculous as well.
3	I would come back again if the wait is not 3 hours! We came on Christmas Eve and was told the wait on the regular lines was 4 hours and express line was 2 hours with 20 bucks extra. Of course, we chose to wait at express. We thought our time was too precious and what's 20 bucks anyway? If we only knew! We saw the regular line was moving constantly while we're stuck at express. Why??? Because those stupid Caesars Palace's managers don't have management skills at all. The express line was combined with Seven Star and Diamond members--I have no idea what they are, maybe the ones who stay and gamble at Caesars a lot. They have the priority. So when any of those 2 members came, they cut our line and got prioritized. There were times when we're not moving for almost an hour! The lady who was in front of us, said if she was in the regular line, she would be in front of a family who was moving closer and closer than we were. She would be so pissed if that family got in first than her LoL... After 3 hours and 15 minutes, 3 dramas, (protesting to the manager about super slow express line and people arguing because after you paid, they pooled you at one place and there's no arrangement at all---that's why I said earlier, stupid managers of Caesar's who looked confused and overwhelmed!), we finally got in. The ironic thing was, after all the wait, all we ate was chicken ginseng soup and porridge! The desserts? Well, the crepes was no better than Paris (seriously Paris has the best crepes so far in buffet category), Other desserts was OK, nothing special, except one chocolate cheesecake, it's first time I ever had it, it's very good. And if you're not Oysters lover, I don't think 57.99/person buffet is worth it.
1	Negative 5 stars!My family and I got in line around 3ish pm on Thanksgiving day.  There was a long line already and they told us the wait would be around 3 to 3.5hr.  That's not great but was expected (that's why we got in line early).  We figured we could still get in before 7.  Apparently the employees there MISCALCULATED the wait time!!!!The line was moving along until around 5ish.  That's when they allowed the "express" ppl to cut in line.  Caesar Palace wanted to make extra bucks so they created an "express" line.  $20 per person in addition to the $50 price they already raised on Thanksgiving day.  We would've left if we knew the wait was this long.  But by the 2nd and 3rd hour, we thought we were almost there when we were pretty close to the cashier.  But that's where the real wait began.  We waited and waited and waited and we were not going to leave the line after the 3rd hour of waiting.  And it would sound ridiculous if we paid extra to get into the express line after waiting for that long.When I told one of the hostesses we waited SIX HOURS, she was shocked.  She said, she's been telling all her guests the wait was only 3 to 4 hours.  Couldn't the employee be more diligent and not made up a wait time?!?!?  And after 6 hours of waiting, they told us we would have to wait even MORE if we decided to sit together.  So we ended up splitting our party into two tables.  Yeap, after a 6-hour wait, my family was seated separately on Thanksgiving day.With the long wait, I expected great food and service... Another big disappointment.Food: What happened to the macaroons they always advertised?  There were no crab claws.  The cocktail shrimps were soggy.  Even the sushi was gross.  We saw the sushi "chef" took pre-made sushi out from saran wrap.  That showed you how fresh the sushi was.  Everything was mediocre.  Definitely not worth $50 and the long wait.Service: Not great.  One of the chairs was soaking wet (caused by previous customer?) when we got to our table.  Our waiter simply put a towel on top and told us to just sit on it.  Really?!??!?!  It would have soaked right thru the towel and to my jeans because the chair was so wet.  I had to switch out the chair myself because the waiter didn't even stay for more than a sec.  And he basically disappeared that night too....In conclusion... never coming back to this place again!
3	I came here twice in three days (against my own volition). talk about fat and bloated.The first time, I came for lunch on sunday 12/23 at 11:30am with my bf (price tag $48.99). We were afraid that the wait would be crazy, especially because it was the holiday weekend, but it wasn't bad. The line looked long, but from the time we started waiting until we got seated was about 50 minutes. Totally do-able.We saw a sign that stated there was a 2 hour limit so we quickly got our grub on. steamed crab legs, tacos, corned beef hash, 5 types of meat, japanese ramen, charcuterie, fried chicken, sweet potato tater tots, desserts... it was A LOT of food. as we were progressing through our meal, one by one we saw the three couples who were in line in front of us leave. wayyy confusing because we weren't even halfway through the buffet yet! weak-sauces... anyway, we barely had a minute to spare before our 2 hours were up. service was GREAT. we had a super sweet waitress who was very attentive, and this other dude who cleared our plates consistently. the food was okay. not the best. wicked spoon is way better.The second time I came was on Christmas at 11am with a party of 4. Again, the wait wasn't more than an hour and the price was $52. Exact same food. And same plate clearer man. I was finished with my meal within the hour this time because i was over it.I always hit up buffets when I'm in vegas, but i don't think i'll be back at bacchanal for awhile. wicked spoon's food beats bacchanal's BY FAR.
4	I don't eat a lot of good buffets so I gotta give this a 4/5. Pretty good quality Asian food (all I really tried was the duck and the red pork because that's all I wanted for the moment). There was only one set of sushi and a lot of sushi rolls, they were all pretty good in my opinion. I don't know what people were complaining about the sushi for. There's really good Asian food, some Mexican food, Italian food, and really good, boiled crab legs. The American meat (turkey, brisket, and others) were too smoky and dry, definitely could've used some work there. But otherwise, good stuff all around. The decor, environment, and seating is excellent and puts you in a good mood for the food. LOL, the people whining about how long the line is. What the hell do you expect, just wake up early before the opening and you get in easy. Otherwise, pay for the express  and just go in. If you're not willing to pay for the express line, I don't see how you afforded to come to Vegas in the first place.
4	$51.99 for lunch on Christmas Eve. I normally dislike buffets but this one was probably the best one I've tried. There is just so much variety. I didn't even have enough stomach room to try everything. My family and I decided we would all get something different and take bites of each item just so we would have room to try everything... nope, that did not happen. We missed out a lot of pastries and other items. Also, we went crazy with the warm king crab legs... mmm... so good. We arrived at 10:55 and sat down at 11:35 which wasn't bad. Because of the holidays, we only had 2 hours to eat but whatever, I don't think obesity was on my Christmas wish list anyway. Would I come here again? No. Bacchanal is ridiculously expensive. It was worth to try it once considering it is a new buffet and was recommended by a few friends. If I had it twice, then I would agree with some reviewers--overrated.
4	$50/person at dinnertime is straight robbery if you ask me, and I'm not gonna lie, I WAS expecting perfection here. At $50 a pop, it should be, right??We came around 330, and it took only 20 minutes to pay, but another half hour from there to be seated. The seating area is pretty big, with desserts in the middle and all other stations around one side. The carving station should really be set farther away from the seafood, as those are the two busiest and the lines ended up melding into each other. I did appreciate that there were places everywhere  where you could get a fresh plate. On to the food!Asian: they had sushi, ramen, pho, noodles, beef with broccoli, char siu bao.. those were the most notable. This buffet had one of the better tasting asian selections of all the buffets I've eaten at in Vegas. Their ramen actually wasn't bad!! The broth tasted a lot better than I thought it would. Italian: this is hubby's fave station at buffets, and he was disappointed. All the pasta that was sitting out was cold, and we realized it was because there were no heat lamps or burners keeping the food warm. The vodka penne would have been a lot better if it was warm, but I didn't care for the pesto orrecchiette. The meatballs were good though.Carving station: The brisket was REALLY good. It had a nice smoky flavor to it. Hubby said their prime rib was pretty good, and the guy carving the meats was super friendly and cheery. Mac & cheese: disappointing. It wasn't cheesy enough, and it had an old flavor to it.Deep-fry baskets: tots, fries, chicken wings, oh my! The tots were super crispy, just the way I like em. I loved that they were all served in these little baskets that were easy to grab, though it took up a lot of space on the plate. Seafood: they boiled some crab legs, so if you like them like that, then this is your spot. We prefer them chilled, and they weren't bad. There were a lot of seafood options too, like cioppino, mussels, ceviche, and even shrimp cooked in spicy old bay spice so it tasted close to Boiling Crab!Fruit: I was pretty sad to see that there was no fruit around, just a few slices of watermelon and a few slices of melon.Mexican: Hubby liked their tacos, and they were surprisingly pretty good! They heated them on a big round warmer too. They also offered quesadillas as well.Desserts: mochi ice cream! Unique gelato flavors! Hubby tried their watermelon mint and it was pretty good, the mint was overwhelming. Lots of cake pops, mini desserts, bananas foster, and macarons. The macarons were pretty good too!!Overall, the food wasn't bad, but I'd say it's comparable to Wicked Spoon, which is cheaper. Hubby was disappointed by the Italian, which was a pretty big letdown for him.
1	It's good but nothing special. It's def. not worth waiting in line for 2 hours and $50.00. They have the express line which is faster but it's $20.00 in addition to the 50.00. Glad I experienced it but wish I spent my time and money at a better buffet spot.
3	compare to cosmopolitan, I were more prefer to go cosmopolitan because their food is more impressed to me. and avoid to wait for 3hours in line, we go at eary morning for brunch in xmas holiday. $51/person for xmas brunch, I didn't feel its worth.
3	All I really remember about this buffet was standing in line. Standing in line for seating. We spent the extra $15 for the express line. Was it worth it? Yes...during peak times. It probably saved us an hour. Standing in line for the food. The way that the buffet is built requires everyone to stand in lines to get to any of the popular food stations. It was a nightmare, but probably also a strategy by the designers to get every one filled up on the cheap food. Because guess what is at the end of the line? The most expensive food...crab legs, clams, oysters and shrimp. By the time we actually got back to our seats with the food, most of it was cold. Eek. But the best way to get through the lines is to pair up and have one person hold a place in the line while the other person puts the plates full of food on the table. Repeat. The food: Prime rib and lamb chops were dry, clam chowder was super salty, sweet potato tater tots were delish, kobe sliders were ok, crab legs were ok, shrimp was huge and fresh and everything else wasn't too memorable. But...since I paid $65 for this buffet, I was going to get the most bang for my buck. The oysters! My friends and I originally grabbed a bunch of oysters in the shell, but then realized we would get the most out of the oysters shots, which are at the very end of the buffet line. We didn't even have to wait in line, we just kept grabbing the oysters shots from the counter. We poured the extra tomato juice out and just kept eating. Needless to say...a delicious overdose of raw oysters. =PFor dessert I really liked the macarons, the creme brulee, the watermelon mint sorbet (so refreshingly clean), and the fig gelato were delish. Also, they serve FRESH squeezed orange juice and watermelon juice here. Just ask the waiter. Loved. Overall, there are some high points, but I consider this place average when there are competing buffets in the vicinity with less lines, lower prices, and more unique dishes.
1	DO NOT GO TO BACCHANAL.I have tried nearly every buffet on The Strip and was excited to try this buffet, only to be disappointed at the end of it. Bottom line, you can get a much better value at the Wynn in terms of service and food. 1) I brought my entire family of 9 and paid about $500 for a good dinner, a privilege my family rarely gets to enjoy, in order to celebrate my Dad's 60th birthday.2) Started waiting in line at 7PM and did not get in the buffet until 10:30PM. The staff had assured us throughout the night that the food would NOT be taken away until at least 11:30PM, prompting us to continue waiting in line.3) After we paid, management treated us like DIRT, informing us that the food would be taken away at 11 PM. They did not care that their customers had waited for more than 3 hours and would only have 30 minutes to eat. Keep in mind that there is another 15-minute line to actually get food, so there was really 15 minutes to make a $500 meal worth it.4) Jamie Radke, the assistant manager, said they could only refund our money and gave us MAJOR ATTITUDE for inquiring about a pass to skip the line next time, a request I thought was fair after spending more than 3 hours in line with 9 family members and not having dinner at all. Jamie is a prime example of how poorly trained the employees at Bacchanal are. Bacchanal management, please give Jamie more training - she definitely needs it. MESSAGE TO MANAGEMENT: Please do not DISRESPECT your customers. Customers willing to pay good money and wait more than 3 hours for your buffet deserve more respect from you. You will not be the top buffet forever. When the hype dies down and you are desperate for more patrons, customers will remember how poorly you treated them when you were on top. Please trust that my family and I will be warning everyone we know NOT to eat at your establishment.
2	I paid $50 to stand in line for 2.5 hrs. for dinner on the day after Christmas.  I was thoroughly disappointed by the variety offered and the taste of the food.  They have different stations offering Chinese, Japanese, American, Mexican, Italian and Seafood.  The Seafood station offered crab legs, raw oysters and shrimp, but you have to stand in line for that.  There was variety, yes, but that doesn't mean they give you the good stuff.  All I remember was the impression I got was they gave me a wide variety of cheap stuff.  I ate mostly American.  I couldn't find mashed potatoes.  The roast beef was chewy even though it was medium rare, but the prime rib was o.k.  The variety of American food was very limited.  The fruits weren't even ripe.  The desserts tasted strange.  Many of the ice cream had peppermint mixed in, and you would never know it since they look like regular ice cream.  I got a chocolate ice cream and ended up not eating it because it had peppermint.  I got the tiramisu and it was very heavy.  The creme brulee had some other flavor in it; can't remember whether it was berry or peppermint; I didn't finish it.  The chocolate creme brulee was so sweet I COULDN'T finish it.  My family has never had so many unfinished items from a buffet (we don't normally waste food).  We are never going back again.  Definitely overpriced.
4	There sure is a lot to like at Bacchanal.  The hot sweet potato puffs in individual baskets, lamb chops, smoked brisket, corn and lobster bisque, Kobe beef sliders, and shrimp with grits were among my favorites, not to mention the exceptional dessert selection that topped off  a (ahem) bacchanalian feast, straining the elastic waist on the pants I thoughtfully donned for the occasion.There was so much more that I didn't get to try.  Who in their right mind could partake of all 500+ items and still live to write about it?  I'm not normally a huge eater, so this selection boggled my mind.  I didn't like some of the things I tried, such as the Chile Verde, which I normally love; here it was too spicy, the pork was way too fatty, and the sauce tasted bitter.  There was a Mexican concoction that one of our friends was eating, but when I went to get some for myself, it had been replaced by something else.  Oh well, I think I managed to stuff my face pretty well without it.I'm not crazy about the cold stainless steel ambience, which to me is completely devoid of charm.  I also was impatient with the long line at the seafood section, which was held up by the people waiting for their crab legs to be steamed.  By the time I realized I could cut the line to take the couple of shrimp I was waiting to get, I had already eaten too many of the sweet potato puffs from the basket I grabbed at the beginning of the line.Our waiter was the most attentive and helpful of any buffet we've ever eaten at, as was the hostess, who explained the setup and told us about the "other" side of the buffet, which we easily could have missed, since we were seated near the desserts.I can't say this is my favorite buffet in Vegas, but it definitely is worth the price of admission, especially if you have a big appetite.
3	I'm quite torn between giving this place 3 or 4 stars, what it boils down to is ultimately the question of quality over quantity.Granted this is a buffet and in Vegas, the sheer quantity of choices and variety dictates who's buffet reigns supreme. What Bacchanal lacks in variety, it makes up for in quality. I had some of the best tasting ramen, Kobe beef burgers, and pastor tacos. These were cooked to order and masterfully crafted to restaurant standards. Sadly though, given the competitions from places such as the Buffet and the Wicked Spoon, I'm not sure if I'll return for more.
3	the buffet was above the average vegas buffet but a few things could've been done better...- the layout of the buffet was all on one side but did not understand the placement of food...seafood closest to the register, meats, appetizers, asian cuisine at the very back and desserts in the middle of the buffet... im no expert on where the placement of food should be but didnt understand the asian cuisine at the very back...would think appetizers would be the very back and work you way to the front or it only makes sense...also because of the way the buffet is laid out, lines that form for the crab legs or prime rib congest other areas for diners to grab food and makes things very unorganized- fruit ....there was hardly any fruit...i spotted some pinapple but there should be more- price  was your average new buffet price for dinner at $44.95...for an extra $15 dollars you are able to hop into the express line to skip the line...didn't think it was worth it too much since the line moved rather quickly- food:  tried quite a few things but the items worth mentioning were the prime rib which was a 3.5 out of 5 stars, hot and cold crab legs was a 3 out of 5 stars because it didnt taste any different from crab legs at other buffets...lamb 4 out of 5 stars was juicy not dry at all   - desserts : i give the creme brulee 4/5   very easy to eat not too sweet, red bean and coffee mochi 4/5, chocolate covered strawberries were delicious as welloverall the buffet was good but could've been better
4	This is the buffet of all buffets. You will never find one close to this in the Vegas or anywhere is the US because 1. They shuck the oysters in front of you.2. They boil the king crab legroom in front of you.3. They have tomahawk ribeyes. One of these will set you back $90 at a steak house.4. Stone crab claws...that's crazy. They didn't have it when I went so I'm guessing it's only available on weekends.5. You get to build your own crepe.6. They have congee, pho, and ramen but don't eat the pho.  It is nasty. They need to hire the cook from Rio to make it.7. There are many more stuff that you won't find in other buffets.I took off 1 star for the long azz wait. If you come for dinner show up at lunch time. Bring a portable toilet, chair or sleeping bag...you will need it!  Or you can do what I do. Find a high roller and have them bring you in. The only bad part about it is you have to eat with them and hear all their bad beat stories...lol
4	The food was good, great variety but I"M PISSED.  I wanted to eat here on Xmas day, but it was a 5hr wait.  No thanks.  So, I think " I'll go on Dec 26th for breakfast".  Imagine my surprise, when we walk in( no wait at 8:30am), but am faced with a 50.00 brunch, not a 20.00 breakfast.  Yeah, I could have left, but we'd driven over from the Encore and were on our way back to Cali.  So, there went 110.00 down the drain.  I think its pretty shitty that they are still doing " brunch" even though its not a holiday.  The holiday was OVER.  Just a way to get more money from people. That being said, I wasn't in the mood for seafood at 8:30am so I didn't get my money's worth.  There are signs all over the place to talk to the chef, if you have dietary restrictions.  I cant eat runny yolks because they make me burp something awful.  I wanted eggs benedict so I asked for poached whites.  I was told that they couldn't do that, I would need to talk to the dude making omelets.  I talk to him and he says he cant poach me a white, even though he has a big pot of simmering water right next to him. That ticked me off.  If I am paying 50.00 for breakfast, I want a freaking poached egg white.  After awhile, I spoke to the manager who brought me to the chef.  I got my white and my toasted English muffin( they normally don't toast the muffins for bennies).  I didn't even want it at that point, but I got it. There was a very large variety of food, but the only fresh juice I saw was OJ.  The pizza crust was amazing, but they put way too much cheese on it.  I hope they remedy that.  The desserts were a lot better than the buffet at the Wynn.  It was a good brunch, but not worth 50.00.  They didn't even have stone crab claws like I was expecting.
5	Ok first of all this 5 star system really irks me sometimes, because in all honesty I would give this place a 4.5. It is by far one of the best buffets I have tried in Vegas (next to the Wynn Buffet) but not the best food ever! However, I am leaning more towards the 5.Their selection is AMAZING. Things that were really delicious are listed below:- Lamp chops. Okay first of all, I am not really into lamb but their lamb chops did not taste game-y at all. AMAZING.- Buffalo wings. Ok seriously delicious, in a perfectly portioned 2 pieces in a mini bucket (ADORBS)- Pretty much any potato thing you could think of, all were SO GOOD: mashed potatoes, sweet potato fries (came with fried chicken), potato skins, potato wedges.. and probably more- Fried chicken. - Oysters. I'm not a big oyster fan but these were GOOD and very very fresh!- Seaweed salad - Korean short ribs- DESSERT!!!! Almost every dessert I tried was good, which is embarassing because I tried alot. This deserves its own list belowDesserts:- Tiramisu (reminds me of that of Portos in Glendale. So good!!)- Cheescake pops (not too overwhelming like many other cake pops I have tried)- Creme Brulee (I'm a chocolate person, and these were pretty damn good)- Crepe bar (I just about screamed when I saw this. lol Pretty good I was too full to eat the entire thing)- Mini chocolate cupcake (very good)The dessert bar was my favorite part n_nThings I found mediocre:- Prime rib. I have come to the conclusion that if you want good prime rib, cook it yourself or go to a prime rib joint. - The asian selections (minus that which was mentioned above)- Crab legs are better at the WynnAll in all, I would say Bacchanal and the Wynn are my favorite Vegas buffets. Wicked Spoon is right below. I guess it depends on what you're looking for. The line for Bacchanal was insane, on a 4 pm Saturday afternoon... It's nice because you can pay $20 extra for an express pass to skip the line. Don't come at dinner time (6 ish) because when we left the line probably had a few hundred people.
4	Oh no, another Vegas Buffet.Yes, this is another Vegas Buffet. It is big and with long lines, but you will soon realize this is The Bacchanal Buffet.The Bacchanal Buffet is just a cut above the rest. Everything here seems a notch better than anyone else. The selections are vast and the details are a little better.I stopped by for a Monday breakfast. Twenty-two dollars is a bit high for breakfast, but I walked out of there thinking it was worth the indulgence.The Dim Sum was borderline bad, but I wouldn't blame them for trying. (Dim Sum is best served fresh)Everything else seemed to be made and displayed in smaller quantities. I think this method works. The big trays and troughs of food that other buffet use really ruin great tastes.They even had BBQ for breakfast! What more can you ask?Again, their selection was wonderful and fresh. The orange juice was really freshly squeezed, the crepes made right in front of you. The many selections of egg dishes were a breakfast delight. Enjoy the indulgence! I'm going back to try dinner soon.
5	Wow.I got to visit this buffet during one of my work related lunches, and I... I just didn't know.  I JUST DIDN'T KNOW!Buffets are a dime a dozen here in Vegas.  Some of great.  Delicious, in fact.  And some are like eating the dollar "value" aisle from the grocery store.  Bacchanal Buffet is incredible.  In fact, I'll go on record in saying that it's the best buffet that I've had here in Vegas.The food choices are more diverse and plentiful.  They had some surprisingly exotic foods to sample here.  Not too many buffets here serve quail eggs, for one.  But the more standard beef, chicken, seafood fare was all excellently prepared, and stylishly done.The buffet itself has a nice, modern, low-key vibe to it.  Everything is very clean and minimalistic in style, but it's very nice in presentation.  The staff was very accommodating, and quick to meet any need.And then the desserts.  Holy cow.  It's like strolling into the "previews" section of Willy Wonka's factory.  I'm not a huge dessert enthusiast per se, but everything is presented is such an eye tantalizing way that I had to sample a few of these exotic treats.  Being full, they proved to be my undoing, and I had to call "Full", but man, was it a wonderful, yet brief, journey.Is Bacchanal Buffet worth the hype?  Yes.  It's a bit pricey, but "you get what you pay for", and what you get can be greater than what you expected.Well worth a meal here.  It's delicious.
4	Recently went for lunch, and it was good.  Bacchanal is basically the best buffet in Vegas right now.  Yes, it's a little pricey, but it's in Caesars and thus, somewhat expected.  More importantly, its worth it for the quality and selection of food.Even though the line for lunch looked worse than the line for Space Mountain at Disneyland, I timed it, and it was about a ten minute wait time.  It was $30 for lunch, or $36 including tip, which you can add at the cash register.One of the things that I like about this buffet is that they do a few dishes for each type of food, and they do them (mostly) well.  There isn't that sense of trying to offer every single dish known to man (Rio buffet, I'm looking at you!) at the expense of the quality of food.  The other thing that I really like (okay, love) are the desserts.  The desserts are plentiful, and taste like they're straight from a bakery.My highlights were the pesto pasta (REALLY good pasta), chorizo with potatoes, beef sliders, and the sorbet.  The sweet potato fries also deserve special recognition for having just the right amount of crispiness.  (Not to be confused with the sweet potato tater tots; those had a weird glaze on top that tasted too sweet.)  I also LOVE the watermelon fruit juice, which oddly, is located in the seafood section.  I've also heard that the Pho is awesome here, but I didn't get a chance to try it on my last visit.  Overall, I think it's a great buffet, but some people may be disappointed simply because that tends to happen when other people rave about a place, particularly a buffet.
3	Make it by 3 PM and pay the brunch price and stay for dinner. The best thing here was the King Crab Legs... I have to say this was the best king crab legs I've had. Everything else was just ordinary or really just not as good as I thought it would be. Not sure if it's worth the price, but best believe I stayed and ate my moneys worth. I guess it's worth a try once. It's new, it's exciting, it's completely hyped up, but go at your own risk, and if your wallet is feeling generous.
4	after hearing all the hype about how good this new buffet was, i decided that i must try this place the next time i go to vegas... so i actually did try it when i was in vegas couple of days ago..i waited for 3.5 hours just to get inside.. i didnt know they have express line where you have to pay an extra $20 until i was about 1 hour away from the front line.. i probably would have get that i had known earlier.. and since its holiday season, they jack up the price of the buffet to $50/person.. for $50/person, i expect a really good quality of foods and services. at the end of my 3.5hours of waiting, i finally inside and was able to feed my starving stomach.. i didnt really have lunch that day to save room for this buffet and it was 9.30pm by the time i got seated.. so i couldnt help myself being greedy and took more than what i could eat!! - their asian section - i like the spicy fried fish in the chinese section.. its perfectly fried with a hint of spiciness.. the sashimi in the japanese section was pretty good and fresh also.. i got quite alot of them but my favorite dish of this section was the ginseng chicken soup.. i wished they have a stronger ginseng flavor, but its still goo regardless.- salad section was average.. i didnt really try any of their salad.. i mean i could have gone anywhere if i wanna eat salad.. but i did try the watermelon and cheese salad simply bcoz it was presented nicely.. nothing special about the taste.- meat section - after all the wait i had to endure to get inside this place, i needed to wait another 30mins to get the meat.. im not a meat eater to begin with, but my bro is a meat eater.. so i got this for him.. he said that the lamb chop was his favorite and i also think that they did a really good job in cooking the lamb. the beef brisket was okay, the rib wasnt so good, and the steak was pretty dry.. they also have quite a good selections of the fried stuffs next to the meat counter. the sweet potato fries is a must try, its so good and sweet.. the rest was just so so..- seafood section - this is my main reason of wanting to come here.. i wanted to try their seafood... i love their shrimp cocktail.. it was so juicy and fresh.. clams was pretty good too, the lobster bisque was average, and the crab legs was a disappointment. both the hot and cold crab legs didnt taste as good as i'd expect.. it had too much water inside and too salty.. the oyster and oyster shooter was also yummy and something u must get if u like oyster.. and they have some shrimp tomato cup too, which i didnt really like..- dessert - one of the dessert buffets ive tried in vegas.. the quality, variety, and taste was just as good as it gets. their gelato and mochi ice cream was refreshing and has unique flavors. the cakes and tiramisu was delish.. the panna cotta and cake pop was also yummy.. but my favorite of the night was their creme brule.. love both the chocolate and vanilla one.. the crispiness of the sugar on top with all those egg and milky stuffs underneath.. im drooling again as im writing this..!! they also have the suger free creme brule if u want to cut some calories down!!pretty good service.. out server kept refilling our drinks and kept on coming back to take the dirty plates away... even though i dont think i ate $50 worth of food, i still think it was a good experience and might come back for their brunch
2	There are two possible scenarios here.  One, my anticipation may have resulted in a harsh star rating.  Or, this buffet simply didn't meet my expectation.  I'm leaning towards the latter.After reading the reviews, and looking at the pictures, I was excited for the small plate concept, the variety, and beauty.  That is, until I realized that this place was more novel than delicious.  The layout is cumbersome, and other than presentation, the food taste more like typical buffet fare than Vegas magic.  The fried chicken, burgers, and lamb chop were under flavored and slightly over cooked.  The seafood choices, for the most part were unimaginative.  My grilled corn was undercooked, individual lasagna overcooked, and the majority of the Asian section was pedestrian.On the other hand, I liked the dim sum section, I enjoyed a tasty meatball, brisket, watermelon and feta salad, and steaming the crab was a nice touch.  But after a two hour wait, and $108, it just doesn't add up.  If you must go, go right before brunch, and stay for dinner.  But, if you want a Vegas buffet experience go to the Wynn, Bellagio, and Paris.  I know the Wynn and Bellagio have been suggested forever, but with good reason: they amaze with their ability to make large quantities of food actually taste good.  Although their food is not as trendy as bacchanal, it simply taste better.  The Paris is a bit underrated for their quality and choices.
4	Went the week before Christmas.  The line was pretty short.One of the better buffets in Las Vegas.  Very pricey.My favorite items; Beef Brisket, Shrimp, Lobster Corn Chowder, and the whole dessert station.
1	if you're looking for customer service do not go to Bacchanal Buffet!  We hiked the maze to the buffet to show up at 10:01 only to be turned away.  Absolutely no compassion!
5	Favorite buffet in Vegas. Ice cream, crepes, king crab... Need you ask for more? Love the stations that are culturally sensitive, LOVE the soups. Just wow. I get this every time I'm in town. Week days are cheaper but about $44 on the weekend.
5	A lot of selections...I love the desserts and fresh juice...Overall, I have a great experience there. The line wasn't too long when I was there. Only downside was that they limited 2 hours for holiday season, but it wasn't too big of a deal. I was full by the time.
5	By far, this is one of the best upscale buffet in Las Vegas. Fresh steamed lobsters, cocktail shrimp that is so juicy and succulent, fresh oysters, and arrays of gourmet brunches that are just completely worth every single penny. The line was long during the holiday season but it moved up pretty quickly. Service is excellent, awesome decor and we all had an excellent time. I'll definitely return soon!
4	First thing we hit up when we got to Vegas. It's definitely a good buffet place with lots of variety when it comes to different cultural foods. Asian, American, Mexican, Indian... they have something from each culture which is pretty nice. My husband liked all the meat of course. And I loved the desserts. The thing you gotta remember is that when you go to buffets, just don't expect the best tasting/quality of food you've ever tasted. Expect decent and then if they surpass that, even better!Try their peach iced tea by the way... its' refreshing!Ok, onto the foods... they have small servings of each dish which is good so you get to taste the variety of stuff they have. Don't go for the sushi as it's definitely not up to par with good sushi. But everything else is pretty good. The meat that they slice up for you is pretty good.. wait til they get to the middle part of the meat though, as it does tend to be dry near the end. They do have roasted duck in the asian section but it goes fast, so try to get it it as soon as it comes out.Overall, pretty great buffet. Expensive... but what isn't in Vegas? =P
3	Unfortunately overrated. We went on a Saturday evening in mid-December. We were in line for over an hour (got in line at 8 pm). Even with the Total Rewards member discount, dinner buffet came out to cost ~$50 per person =(Lots of reviewers have compared it to the Wicked Spoon buffet, but I personally think Wicked Spoon has improved significantly since it first opened (and now I consider to be among the ranks of Wynn Buffet) and is better than Bacchanal Buffet.Whenever I go to a buffet, I pretty much make myself try as many different foods in order to get the best overall feel of the quality. Although this buffet really offers a huge selection in terms of variety, the quality and taste was not impressive at all. Pretty decor and furniture, but food does not match up =(Probably will not return unless a friend insisted on coming again.(See photos for reference)Corn on the cob: good, but nothing fancymashed potatoes: averageBBQ ribs: WAY oversmoked, can't even discern any meat taste due to all the smokiness; meat was also dry and toughseaweed salad: decent, but I can get better seaweed salad at my local CostcoItalian meatball: Very good -- juicy, flavorful, and very well seasoned. AND huge!xiao long bao: NO SOUP INSIDE AT ALL. tiny lump of flavorless meat wrapped in dried out hard peel. failed on all levels.roasted duck: good for a buffet, but cannot compare to a Chinese restaurant of course.Alaskan king crab legs: I got the legs cooked hot (although I feel they are just boiling legs that have been already cooked before but are now cold) -- there is a separate line formed for the hot legs, which moved slow and ultimately was not worth the 10 minute wait. The crab meat was tough, rubbery, dried out, and didn't taste very fresh.(BEST crab legs are still at M buffet)cooked shrimp (in-shell): DELICIOUS! perfectly seasoned, very tender and fresh! Watch out, these run out fast, so make sure you get some before you end up waiting for the next batch to be ready.Spanish rice: decentfruit: watermelon was terrible, pineapple was fresh and ripe, (chocolate-covered) strawberries were sweet and freshdesserts: you bet I tried most of them that evening (8+ kinds) most are pretty good and on par with the desserts at Wicked Spoon, but nothing amazing or comparable to those at M buffet or Wynn buffet.
5	The food was so delicious. It's the best buffet I had in Vegas. Will come again next time.
4	I have read about all of the hype in USA today and here and since I am a big fan of doing things BIG, I thought I would give this a try on my last trip to Vegas. I arrived about 4:50 on Friday two weeks ago and surpisingly no wait ( 3 people a head of me ). This was a plus as my girlfriend and her friend were out shopping.  No need to rehash all that has been said here many times so I will just give my highlights. Staff- reason for deduction of star. My girlfriends friend was yelled at by one of the oyster shuckers for " placing a tong from the crab plate to the oyster plate"- which actually did not happen by her. But the worker thought it was necessary to be an ass and prove his manlihood I guess. Friend was not going to argue but it did sour a few minutes of our meal.  Food- Anyone that complains about the food is either sick or they dont know good food. It is a buffet, there maybe a wait,therfore some food maybe warm like the pizza- get over it. The Tomahawk Steak is freaking amazing and worth the $50 alone. David hooked me up on my 4 visits and him and his carving partner ( another D name but I forgo, Darnell maybe ? ).  They are both super nice and should get kudos. 'My girlfriend and her friend said the oysters were amazing which is probably why they did 3 trips each.  Desserts: 5 stars here. Crepes are awesome, gelato is insane-aztec chocolate and watermelon mint are the best.I will be back when in town again as the quality of food and the amount of different dishes is well worth the half C note.  Tip: Go before 5, even if just one person, you still may waite 10-15 minutes to b seated due to the diamond and forward pass members but you can get seated and wait for your friends- when we left at 7, line was around the ropes and when I checked at 5:30- same thing.
3	Luckily for us, our friends got there early and waited in line for 45 minutes for Sunday Brunch.  We were running late so they let them pay for us and by the time we got there all we had to do was duck and skip the line and go straight to our table (running late..clever move, eh? haha).  Anyway, It didn't seem crazy busy, but once our server took our initial drink orders, she never came back!  There was a TON of variety, everything you can think of.  The lines weren't that crazy either, but it did seem to me like there was way too much of some of the food.  For example, I took a little dish of what looked like an open-faced egg sandwich with a poached egg on top.  It looked delicious, but when I took a bite of it, the egg was over-cooked and it was luke-warm.  I think if it had been fresher, it would have been delicious.  The prime rib was just okay.  The crab legs were quite dismal.  The dimsum was yuck.  Bacon is always delicious but I felt like I was drinking a shot of grease when I ate the slice of bacon..not complaining too much because bacon is bacon and is always delicious but could've done without all the grease.  My friend grabbed some dessert, which I tried a bite of.  The icecream with a brownie was really delicious.  The cookies weren't even as good as a box of nestle chewy chocolate chip cookies.  How sad.Also, for brunch, they need some sort of bloody mary bar, or bottomless mimosas or SOMETHING.  $14 for a bloody that probably was made of V8 and cheap vodka is NOT the business!Maybe I am just not a big buffet fan, as I rarely ever go to one, but I do remember going to the buffet at the Wynn and being completely blown away.  It might have been WAY more expensive as well, but seriously, this buffet was NOT worth the money.  Go to Tix4Tonight and get a half-off coupon to go somewhere else!
3	We came here on a Saturday night. My family had gotten there early and they wouldn't let my dad pay until the whole party was there which irked me. They had gotten there at 4 and there was no line. 1. the buffet is a pretty long distance from the garage it took us probably a good 15 minutes to walk to the buffet 2. They should have let my dad pay but not seat them until everyone was there. In any case this buffet was busy! There were lines after lines. Lines to get food...lines to pay...people were very adamant about no people cutting the line that they were just plain rude!!The food was good. The seafood portion was my personal favorite. I did have a slider which was overcooked and the Mac and cheese not so awesome. However, its a buffet not everything's perfect. Dessert section looked awesome! However there was a line for gelato as well. Overall the place has definitely upgraded its style as its more of a loungy moderny feel to it. If you don't mind waiting and you love AYCE seafood and yummy dessert then this is the place for you!
5	Still the best joint on the list of the Buffet of Buffets 24 hourr AYCE pass.I came here for Christmas Eve dinner and waited 3.5 hours to get in. That is on the top of my list of the most ridiculous sh*t I've done in 2012.DON'T JUDGE ME. Luckily it is a new year and I get to start fresh!
5	My wife and I ate here on our last night in Vegas. We got there on a Tuesday night an hour and a half before closing and there was no line at all. We walked right up to the cashier, paid and were off. All the food I ate was really good. I had a few plates of pre-cracked King crab legs, some clam chowder, chicken wings, and a whole lot of other stuff. It was really good and I would have eaten more, I was just not feeling well the second half of the day. We will definitely come back the next time in town.
2	The quality of the food isnt worth the price. Wicked spoon had similar food that was better priced. This place was simply overpriced and had horrible service.Not worth the price. It's about $50 per person for dinner. The quality of the food rivals the wicked spoon buffet at the cosmopolitan but ive gotten better service at a ten dollar Chinese buffet in a strip mall. The lines for the headline items can get pretty long if you hit the dinner rush. The prime rib, rib eye, and the Kobe sliders were way too salty. However the lamb was cooked and seasoned well. The other big draw is the king crab legs. I hesitate to call the guy dunking the crab into boiling water a chef because he didn't know the difference between the king crab I asked him to steam from the snow crab legs he handed to me. Regardless his rude attitude prompted me to complain to the manager (my first time ever complaining at any restaurant...normally I just leave). Besides the lack of service and the rude staff, the food doesn't merit the price. Sure you can try to get your money's worth if you keep going back to the prime rib and king crab while avoiding fillers like the fries or fried rice, but there was nothing that stands out. The desert selection was nice and had a friendly chef in the crepe station, as well as a nice Aztec chocolate gelato that was spicy for even a guy that asks for "thai hot".Given a choice, I'd just go back to the wicked spoon rather than waste my time and money at bacchanal. The food is better, cheaper, and served without a scowl on the "chef's" face.
3	AVOID - LINES TOO LONGI came the week between Christmas and NYE.  At around 6, the line was about 3.5 hrs long.  We paid $20 each for the express pass which shortened the wait to only 20 minutes.  HOWEVER once you get inside, the FOOD LINES are also very long.  Around 7:30, there was a 30 minute long line just for the seafood.  I waited 20 minutes in the meat line!!!  I was pissed off the entire dinner because of the food lines and took more food than I can eat because I didn't want to wait in the line again.    Bacchanal needs better food station management.  The seafood and meat stations always have long lines which block people from getting the other dishes besides the crab legs and the carving station.  There was a sign that asked people to limit their eating time to 2 hours but that's impossible because you spend an hour just standing in each of the food station lines.  MANAGEMENT NEEDS TO ORGANIZE THE STATIONS BETTER.
5	amazing! the service could be better and the line is insanely long, but it's well worth it. the food is delicious and the selection is incredible. cannot wait to return!the desserts are the best of the best.
4	bacchanal - An occasion of wild and drunken revelry; A drunken reveler."I'm home!""Okole maluna!" (Bottoms up!) - Knob Creek, neat.Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=XF8wOzssRcIpzTJkOIa5fQ#pyhEUlM7lQdeh9a9ilRtVgWelcome!Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=70li2lTziWkL_L5FaqU75g#Vzqy9B0oQVr2jaOEAQ3TrAMy cousin, SE & I ran into my Uncle and Aunt who had just flown into Vegas the night before for their December birthday getaway. So, in celebration we took them to Bacchanal! (Holiday Pricing: $50/Person) "Adult Beverages" not included.Definitely come for the seafood & steak! ('And in that order!)If you're going to fill up, go where the $$$'s at!However...Maybe it was an off night for the Asian Station but all I can say is:"Shame on Bachanal!" (And too bad... Everything up front, the Seafood & Steak Stations were spot on! Amazing!.. Then there was the Asian Station, tucked away in the back room, like the adopted sibling from Saigon. *sigh - Too bad.)'From what people were saying, I was really looking forward to a stellar evening of incredible food to this new addition @ Caesar's Palace... Sadly, no. Overall, the Asian Station "m'eh." If I wanted $9.95, strip mall, Asian Buffet, I would've stayed in Orange County. Dim Sum was more like "Slim" Sum, very limited options. The Pork Buns(Cha siu bao), were dry & "crumbly." In an attempt to pick one up, it broke off into pieces... "Really?!" Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=70li2lTziWkL_L5FaqU75g#XBVHpEvbdb62ZUecx3T0AwThe sushi was equally disappointing. It too was sitting out for a while, dried out & falling apart. However, the Hawaiian Poke was surprisingly, very good... 'Especially after the other samplings I just tried.Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=70li2lTziWkL_L5FaqU75g#OtZt6wOGQRNedMheSSYenwBacchanal would've been better off closing down that station for the night then have it presented the way it was. If there was an Executive Chef walking the floor, somebody was neglecting the QC.Fellow yelp*er, Tania M., (12/21/12), mentioned: "Sushi bar will slice up yellowtail and salmon sashimi upon request and it is a great cut of sushi." (I will have to try that route the next time I visit.)Seafood Station - 5 StarsPhoto - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=70li2lTziWkL_L5FaqU75g#Y0SOV29o5xeM7ixEEBlTgQCarved Meat Station - 5 StarsPhoto - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=70li2lTziWkL_L5FaqU75g#ojm3RGe2coKXp28CrpPbhAMexican Station - n/a (Did not try.)Italian Station - n/a (Did not try.)Asian Station - 2 Stars (HUGE disappointment...)Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=70li2lTziWkL_L5FaqU75g#VysYHUZF1auFGYcFjJbhkQDessert Station - 5 StarsPhoto - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=70li2lTziWkL_L5FaqU75g#YZ_zjmEB4ysQls6stMsKlwUnlike many other places, this place is SPACIOUS, seating is not "butt to gut," table to table but about a good 4' between parties. The glass & mirrors help open up the space & give it an airy feel. Our waiter, Alvaro was great, informative & helpful.Inside Tip: At just about every station, you can request to have what you want "cooked to order." Medium-rare lamb chops right off the grill? You betch'ya! Prime rib, right off the grill? Sure! Snow Crab Legs piping hot from the pot?! No problem!! (Now, some of the servers @ the stations may resist & recommend whatever is sitting out at their station like "Fernando" did @ the Carved Meat Station... "Bad 'Nando! Do you need to go go back to training?! Don't let me get out the child-safe knives!" 8)I had requested med-rare, "off the grill" lamb chops, do not be easily swayed if you have a personal request. (My inside source told me that this is all part of their training - if you would like a particular cut, cooked a particular way, no problem. 'And I must say, the medium-rare lamb chop was excellent. (PS - Let the meat rest for about 10 min. before enjoying.)Great company, overall very good food & amazing ambiance!Food: 4 (With the exception of the Asian Station)Service: 4Ambiance: 5Value: 4
1	Very disappointed!The food was OK, not really any better than  Bellagio, Wynn, or Cosmopolitans Wicked Spoon in my opinion.The low rating is for the wait times and setup of the buffet.  There was a two hour wait in line to get in.  We choose to do the express line for an extra $15 each.  Once inside the lines continued.To get to the seafood or the meat selections you had to wait in 20-30 minute lines.  You would walk to other parts of the buffet and it would be empty.Many of the selections are on individual plates or in baskets, this makes it difficult to carry your food as the plates slide round.  It is also cumbersome when you have to wait in long lines for your food.  I also noticed while making a salad that the counters were so low that I could not get around the sneeze guard to get to toppings in the back without having to contort myself.  I am 5'9 so not overly tall.I noticed that people were filling multiple plates because the lines were so long that to go back for seconds you would have to wait in line all over again.Cesar's really needs to rethink this $50 million dollar mess, until then, don't waste your time.
1	The food is ok, not good, certainly not great. One must wait in a ridiculous line to pay, in another to be seated, another to eat seafood, then another to eat meat. You can pay an additional $15 to skip the first line (it's worth it). With the additional $15 the buffet is $65 + drinks. I recommend a person to make a reservation at Joes Stone Crab or Nobu (Hard Rock) and have great food served to them. Please also note that the meat and seafood lines are so long, people eat while in line, then lick their fingers and go back for more.
4	Bacchanal bacchanal...another new buffet in vegas, another chance to load up on tons of food and then waddle around vegas afterwards in overstuffed food happiness. Bacchanal buffet at Caesar's Palace definitely did not disappoint! It definitely lived up to its status as the newest best buffet of Vegas!WHAT I LOVEDClear viewingThe decor I thought was fantastic here. The tables and seating were the usual cushiness and niceties, but what really caught my eyes were the way they laid out the food. All the cooking areas were very easy to see through the clear glass and the setup of all the hot food was in a slightly diagonal pattern. I especially loved how they set up the dessert area with the glass jars filled with candy for the taking. Saving a few bucksJoin their rewards program and get a few dollars off the buffet price! Yeahh!!! It's a pricy buffet so every little bit counts. And the program really isn't that hard to join, they even ask you if you want to join it while you're waiting in line.Carving AreaOoof...all the meat that I got from here was pretty deliciouuusss! The lamb chops were great and the brisket was pretty amazing. I can't even remember all the other ones!!! They had a pretty wide selection and the man carving it was so nice too. Seafood AreaI kept coming back here again and again to grab small pots of seafood. Mussels, crabs, cocktail shrimp, seafood gazpacho etc etc. The best part about the buffet though is the fact that they actually heat up your crab legs for you!!!!! Yummy!!! It makes the line long and slow somewhat but its so worth it! The raw oysters they had were also pretty good quality too!Charcuterie AreaWide selection of cured meats, cheeses and breads. I loveee charcuterie so this was one station I kept coming back to get some nibbles.Other Food HighlightsBasically everything I ate here was pretty good with the exception of a few deep fried items which I know I shouldn't get, but I did...and of course it wasn't as good as freshly ordered. There was a very memorable ginseng chicken soup that was actually made really quite well. Loads of ginseng. They had a little tamales too here which I sadly didn't get since I didn't want to get too full. Dessert Areahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=zhuHkE6EfuCgtJByML0CiQ#zhuHkE6EfuCgtJByML0CiQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=zhuHkE6EfuCgtJByML0CiQ#pUIgp1LNS1wUvT4stnUOJQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=zhuHkE6EfuCgtJByML0CiQ#0VdPUD5Tjcfjfig0fNreLAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=zhuHkE6EfuCgtJByML0CiQ#L09YvAvnRLKfSMTeVQR5RAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=zhuHkE6EfuCgtJByML0CiQ#T3fkmfkCMzMRv92nDNBtFAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RESDUcs7fIiihp38-d6_6g?select=zhuHkE6EfuCgtJByML0CiQ#n8aLPiFfXbADLA54NXfcdAThe desserts here were absolutely amazing!!!!! I honestly think this was the best dessert I've ever had at any buffet! Everything I tried was so good with the exception of these little waffle cones on sticks which were stale. They had chocolate chip cookies that they baked in little dishes...that you then could plop any type of gelato on top! Yummmyyy! A lovely assortment of gelato including normal flavors and ones that were unusual. Cheesecake on a stick, little tarts and pies, nostalgic candy you could grab from out of the huge glass jars, crepe station...I definitely saved a lot of my stomach for the desserts and I was so happy I did!NOT SO LOVINGSushi AreaDidn't look so great at all and was pretty pityful...I waited until someone else in my group had tried it...meh not so good. Lack of vegetablesIf you're a vegetarian...it would suck for you since I barely saw any veggies here! And if you're the strict type who doesn't even eat seafood...well good luck finding stuff to eat! I only saw one or two dishes devoted to veggies and that's it!Crazy hot burn your hand clay potsThe ginseng chicken soup came in these little clay pots with a sign next to it that warned you that the pots were hot. Nice to have a sign, but it was so hot that I couldn't touch it with my bare hands. I had to go grab some napkins to get it, some pot holders please?Asian AreaSadly lacking...other than the ginseng chicken soup. Food didn't look appetizing at all. Obviously there really weren't that many bad things about Bacchanal. If only they beefed up the Asian areas then it would be perfect. I hope they keep it up!
5	It's the other buffet I go to on the strip other than wicked spoon. It's a bit pricey, $50 a person at night, and there's always a line. However it's worth the wait, the seafood was fresh, with crab legs, raw oysters, and clam bakes. The meat on the otherhand was a little disappointing, everything but the prime rib and ribs were dry and unappetizing. They serve  wagyu beef sliders, Mexican (pozole, rice, beans), Italian (meatballs, rigatoni), Antipasto, Japanese (sushi and udon), and Chinese food (dim sum and black chicken soup). If you're a dessert person you should come here, very similar to wicked spoon, but more variety. They even have mochi gelato, my favorite! I ate my worth by eating all the macarons and mochi ice cream, and anything on the dessert section like the candies in the jar can be eaten, not just for decor. It might be better to save your appetite for the prime rib and crab legs.
4	I tried about 95% of all the food offered here and since there is limited typing space, I will just name a few dishes that stood out and a few that weren't the greatest.GOODLobster Corn Chowder - Wow... full of flavor without being too heavy.  The fresh chunks of corn really add a surprising bite and sweetness.Muscles - Fresh, not over done and great with a squeeze of fresh lemon.Roasted Duck - FULL of flavor.  Fatty and duck-y... just how it should be.  Goes great with rice, but rice fills you up quickJapanese Seaweed Salad - Full of sesame flavor.  Texturally this salad is just simply fun to eat.Crab Legs - Not too salty, which i adore.  Don't forget the clarified butter!! It's great because these legs already come split lengthwise making it much easier to eat.Assortment of cured meats, cheese, and dried fruit.Pecan Tart - Buttery and rich.  Crumbly and butter crust.  One of my favoritesTiramisu - It's almost hard not to f***k this dessert up.  Love the espresso flavor.NOT SO GOODBrisket - Over-smoked in my opinion.  I personally like a light smoke ring around my brisket, but this was just SATURATED in smoke.Prime Rib - DON'T FORGET TO ASK THEM TO POUR SOME AU JUS OVER YOUR CUT.  The meat itself is tasteless without it.BBQ Ribs - Again, heavy on the smoke flavor.  Would've been great if it wasn't for such a heavy smoke ring.Chinese Selection - Ok, I'm just saying this because I'm not a fan of Chinese food (I'm asian if you're wondering).  I tried every Chinese dish they offered, but every dish tasted similar to each other.  I mean, the Chinese dishes were pretty straight forward in flavor.Italian Selection - Stray away from this section because it is extremely HEAVY with CARBS.Sushi - No matter what buffet I go to the raw sushi is never that good.  The rice was saturated in rice wine vinegar and the fish wasn't of the greatest quality.OVERALL:  I could go on and one but these are just the few that stick out.  If you're looking for a buffet that has a HUGE selection of food, look elsewhere such as the Rio or the M Buffet.  Like I always say, YOU WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!
1	We went there Jan 2,2013.  After a very long wait, almost two hours, we were seated. Then we realized we had more lines to wait in. 20 minutes every time we wanted seafood,  thirty for meat. There were four of us and rarely were we at our table together.  Food was not that great. Would not go back.
5	It was New Year's Day about 5 pm. I was worry about 4-6 hour wait but lucky me it turn out to only be an 48 min wait from start until I sat down at my table. I was very happy about that. This place has food selections for days. Not only there's a large food selection, everything I tried was so flavorful. The presation of the food was Beauiful.. For $50 a person. I think it's worth it. I will return. I hope they will add it back onto the buffet pass for the additional $15..  The only down part to this restaurant was the servers. They were slow at taking your drink orders and clearing plates off your table.
4	I had high hopes for this place. I mean, really, a place named "Bacchanal"? I expected an amazing (I wanted to use a different word but you know, let's keep it clean, kids) eating experience and that's exactly what I got. But as with all first times, things can be learned. If you go for brunch, try to go a little bit later. My friends and I got there around 10 am on a Saturday hoping to beat the line (that wasn't there, btws) and although I think we were able to get a good idea of what Bacchanal had to offer, we missed out on the following: the Italian food and more importantly, the SOUFFLES. They aren't available until 3 pm on weekends. Had we known, different decisions would've been made.Favorites: sweet potato tater tots, anything that had a quail egg on it (oh. so. good), the CRAB (don't forget the clarified butter!), and the gelato -- which we were able to get on the way out and enjoy whilst we walked around the casino! Oh yeah, did I mention the unlimited mimosas? I think I really only had 3-4 glasses but eh, who am I to turn down free booze? And you know, it's Vegas. A meal without booze is basically sinful. I think this is probably my favorite Vegas buffet thus far. The varied offerings and the more hits-than-misses (in fact, I'm trying pretty hard right now to think of any glaring misses and I'm coming up empty) make it a great bang for your buck!
2	Maybe that is the problem with high expectations...I've heard for a few months now how I had to try the Bacchanal Buffet and how it was the best in Vegas.  I understand the days fo the $9.99 buffet are over and I have no issue shelling out $40-$50 for a premium buffet...but when I do so, I expect premium food and service.Honestly, I didn't find the food to be spectacular, or at least enough so to make me forget about the horrible service.  There were many items I enjoyed throughout my many samplings.  Overall, I was just perplexed at time by the set up and extremely frustrated by the service.  Maybe someone can help me with this one.  You have a long line building for crab legs (rightfully so) but why put the drawn butter at the beginning of the line...with no cups or other dishes to hold said butter.  Should i just lather it on an empty plate?  Upon further review, perhaps the crab legs should have been the START of the line and the butter the end...this would also explain why lemons, tartar sauce, horseradish and cocktail sauce were AFTER the chilled shrimp.  If this is the case, then why isn't there someone directing traffic?  I mean it wouldn't hurt to have people using the buffet the way it was designed instead of lining up the wrong way and getting in the way of the staff trying to go in and out of the kitchen and dodging swinging doors and carts.  The lines were going completely backwards.  You'd expect a place dubbed as the best to operate like a well oiled machine.Another perplexing thing is how the line to get in is so incredibly long to get in but then inside the place is half empty and seemingly understaffed.  I'm looking around at waiters standing around, managers setting tables, dirty tables, and I can't get a drink order filled.  Our original waitress disappeared for awhile after serving us initially before I spotted her standing around doing nothing in another section.  I asked two different people and waited roughly 20 minutes for a drink towards the tail end of the meal before we decided to get up and leave.  This was all after we sat around for 10 minutes before a waitress even came by to take the first drink order.  Two beverages in 60+ minutes and nobody walking around filling up waters seems a bit unacceptable.  In addition, nobody came by to clear used dishes and glasses until we were almost forced to turn around and put them on an empty table just to make room.  I mean this seems like Buffet 101 type stuff to me...when people get up to get another plate, you clear the previous plate and/or bring a drink.  I don't know if we caught them at a bad day/time but $52 and a 30 minute wait is a bit too steep for me to run back and find out, especially with other good options down the street.  When comparing to Wicked Spoon in terms of price, food, and service, I would choose Wicked Spoon every time.
4	Ate lunch at new buffet called Bacchanal at Caesars Palace. It was a big upgrade from what it was before. Therefore, it's worth a try to see why the wait at the lines were extremely long. (A worker said the usual wait time was 1 hour for lunch and 3 hours for dinner)A lot of the food that I sample were comparable to many other buffets on the strip; you pick up a big dish and get a nice cut of meat and serve yourself a bunch of sides.  I recommend trying the cucumber juice and fresh squeeze orange juice in the bottle if you can find some.  Both drinks are refreshing especially after almost trying everything. One thing I particularly liked was in the Asian food section. Normally I do not go for soups but I did noticed something interesting which was the black skin chicken soup. One sip and I was like "mmmm...chicken soup" and then I finished it. Even ate whatever meat that was in there especially the skin.
4	I rate this as one of my top 5 buffets here in Las Vegas! I was truly amazed on the presentation of the buffet. The this was an international gourmet buffet that pretty much completed all the common international foods such as Asian, Mexican, American, and Italian.I must warn you you will wait for about 2 hours in the regular line and i believe lunch during the time I went it was $50 a person.Luckily my high roller friend was a seven star player we didn't have to wait that long in line and we got seated right away.If your looking for a quiet ambiance, forget it! you will be stressed out with all the loud noise and all the Asians from outta this country pushing and shoving.. ( I am guilty as well and played the i'm a foreign Asian card).The food selection was endless with over hundreds of items to choose from. You can even get fresh juice in those milk magnolia bottles which impressed me but i guess im dorky like that!One of my favorites was the roasted pig they had. I do not know any buffets in town that has roasted pig.I also enjoyed the presentation of the french fries and their kobe burgers. I love how this buffet is smart with portion control with their buffets but still we have a bunch of people pushing and shoving like a gang of hungry wolf packs!Overall i enjoyed eating at Bacchanal. Love the artistic decorations and the food presentation the most. I would highly recommend checking it off your bucket list.
4	Being the new hot buffet in town creates some congestion. We went during the holidays but really Vegas is a holiday everyday. Line wait was just over an hour at dinner time . We could have ponied up the the extra 20 for line passes but glad we didn't. Noticed a couple that did and they still waited 20 plus minutes. OK, on to the food. I will start with seafood area. The crab legs are meh, cold or hot, yet they are cut in half and smaller than what I'm used to. I always like cracking mine open and releasing the juices. Oysters were fresh. Meat station was the highlight of the trip. I know meat is hit or miss with so many factors. The beef brisket was incredible. Rib eye not so much. Macaroni boo ya. Ribs were decent with a dry rub. Sausage ok. Sushi major disappointment. Peking duck well done. I did not look the way of the greens or veggies, sorry doc. I did take a gander at the desserts and lets just say mmmmm. Hot fresh made crepe with berries and whipped cream. Yes and Thank you!  I recommend going the first year it's open after that I predict a falling off of quality. Enjoy Yaw!
2	Definitely not worth the $35. It's decent as far as buffets go, hence two stars instead of one, but there are so many other places to eat where you won't get ripped off and have decent food.
4	One champagne brunch coming up! ($45 w/bottomless champagne). We heard a lot of hype about this buffet and it did not disappoint and there wasn't a wait when we arrived, even better!  It was aesthetically lovely and the atmosphere was very nice and I loved the background music. The food was good, not great. Bottom line, it's always going to be mass produced buffet food...but I could tell that the Bacchanal took great pride in being unique and ensuring the quality of their food. They took the extra step to be different, but offering you a scoop of vanilla sea salt ice-cream on a warm chocolate chip cookie at the dessert station or offering you regular tater tots and sweet potato tots. lolThey offer alot of "bite sized" options in their own mini fryers or on mini plates....which allows you a taste without over indulging. I would recommend this buffet to anyone coming to Vegas. The Champagne was GOOD haha, you could tell it wasn't cheap! Our waitress was a doll..she was very attentive.
3	Great food, but the wait destroyed the experience for me.  Just to get in, the line was 90 minutes, but then I had to wait another 20 minutes in the seafood line.  For $50 per person, i would have expected better.
3	So, after reading all the great reviews from all the local Yelpers that had a free meal here I had to come check it out. So , I came during a weekday at 11:30 and it was $45 errr ok . I am fine with that if it is good. The good:good layout and clean look, great deserts (crepes were perfect and gelato was supreme) , Potato Latkes, fresh juices and slidersThe bad:The food was not of great quality overall, the Chinese food was old, mexican food was  limited, and it was considered brunch up until I left at 1:00 and still had mostly breakfast out. They are trying really hard to be Wicked spook with Tapas style items like them and really not coming close. fairly angry people working here other than the desert people which were really nice. I think they were good but not as good as Wicked Spoon or Studio B and probably even with the Bellagio.
2	Came here after reading all of the yummy reviews. Pretty disappointed!Came here on a Saturday, waited almost 2 hours in line. Then had to wait in more lines just to GET the food, like meat and seafood. They ran out of oysters sadly, so you see 2 people behind the counter trying to crack open the shells as fast as they can. Long line of people waiting to get the oysters, which holds up the seafood line. Seems like they are understaffed. Not good. Then for the meat, had to wait in another long line. The meat is sitting under a heated lamp, so for prime rib, it was medium well to well done. I like it medium rare! Sucks.Sushi was ok, not much variety. Desserts were yummy though. That's pretty much it. Pretty pricey, but I didn't have a good experience.
4	I must come out and say, this is probably the best buffet in Vegas right now. It is by far better than the others in terms of variety of food, freshness and taste!Service is excellent, dirty plates are cleared right away and your cup/glass will never be empty. And, the place is very clean.Don't skip the dessert, I would come here just to eat endless made to order crepes!
5	My second dining experience at Bacchanal was just as impressive as my first, but I'm starting to think that the price is a little steep. Breakfast was $26.00 for non TR members ($1 off for TR members). We stayed long enough to chow down on some lunch options as well, but IMHO, $26 for breakfast is a bit steep. The food selection was still very good, but lunch is when the sushi, clams, oysters, prime rib, and all that other good stuff comes out. I'd recommend trying to catch the switch between lunch and breakfast (i think it happens around 11:30). Customizable cooking stations at the buffet included a noodle soup station (ramen, pho, etc), omelet (pasta for lunch), and a crepe dessert station. Other highlights include smoked salmon, sweet potato tater tots, steak and eggs in a skillet, and all the great freshly squeezed juices. Bacchanal is still the best hotel buffet experience on the strip,  and it is worth every penny, but it sure does cost a lot of pennies.
1	We went there on Wednesday night at 6pm.  The line has already built up but couldn't believe waited 3 hours to get to the cashier.  After paid, still needed to wait another 20mins to be seated. Unbelievable.Once inside the lines continued.  You had to wait in a 30 minute line for the meat section.  By the time we got back to the table and eat, the food was cold!  The seafood line was even worst.  The line was hold up because people were waiting for the staff to open the oysters from the shells.  Horrible experience!  End up eating salad and pizza for a $50 buffet!!! I would definitely NOT come back!!!
1	If this is the best buffet in Vegas, I don't know what others will be like. Let's start by saying the line is extremely long, but I thought it was a good sign so the food is as good as everyone says.  Once seated, we start to get in line again!!! what??? I waited 15 minutes just to get to the crab legs, and oyster. It is all you can eat, but the oysters are just don't come out as fast which cause the long line. I was there mainly for oyster, but the oyster is actually the very last item in that seafood line, and after going for the 2nd time, I was tired and couldn't waited anymore. All the other food doesn't taste good at all, and the deserts look pretty but taste average. I was so excited going there, but I think I rather go to a place where is not much people. I did not get my money worth. Oh and, the crab legs taste horrible!!!
4	I have eaten twice for lunch since it open and has become my favorite buffet here in Vegas. Even at lunch, there is a huge selection with several live food stations. Need to come back here to check out their dinner. The only downside of this place is when it is busy. For me i hate crowds, probably why I have avoided coming here for dinner. Even at lunch there are lines to to get food.Their meat station is heavenly. Prime rib, slab bacon, smoked sausages, ribs, lamp chops, and the list goes on. If your up for it, get the Tomahawk Ribeye Steak. Large piece of Ribeye with the whole rib still attached.Favorite section here is the Chinese food. Pretty decent Chinese selection for a buffet. Try their Xiao Long Bao (soup dumpling). Did not expect it to be as good as it was. The skin was not too thick or dry, especially sitting on a buffet line. The Ginseng soup was on point, though i don't think it was made with black chicken.Service was excellent. Our plates were cleared immediately after we were finish. The waiter/waitress came by frequently to check on us.
5	Best buffet in Vegas.  It's what other buffets want to be when they grow up.I went on a Saturday around 11 AM.  It was $44.31 with tax, so it's pricey.  But, well worth it.  I have been to all of the major buffets in town (save the M Resort), and this is the best.  There are the standard ethnic stations, but the carving area was massive.  Fantastic meats off the bone and artisan sausages.  The chicken jalapeno was the winner here.  Service was very attentive as well, which is an issue at a lot of buffets.  Our tea and water glasses never were close to empty, and plates were removed very promptly.  If any area is lacking, it's the desserts.  This area was standard and not nearly as overwhelming as the main stations.  But, the bacon balsamic sorbet was a definite repeat.The best dish I have eaten at ANY buffet was the truffled scalloped potatoes.  I would gladly pay $25 for this dish at a steakhouse.  It was very thinly sliced potatoes and an excellent sauce, combined with excellent truffle flavor.  Had a nice crunchy top.  And, you get your own small portion, something a few buffets here are doing now.  It's a good trend.The line went very quickly too, and that's an issue with a lot of places in town.  It was well organized and the employees were smart and courteous.  Definite repeat.
5	Okay, I can't really say this is the best buffet in Vegas because we went for NY's dinner.  So it was a special dinner.  But as far as best buffet dinner I've had so far?  By far.Okay.  NY's was $70/person and it came with endless champagne.The food was amazing though.  Lobster.  THey kind of ruined it with some spinich or mushroom cream sauce crap.  Come on, leave my lobster alone.  Steamed is perfect.  But I scrapped it off.  So it was cool.The deli meats were tasty.  The carving station.  Oh god, they have everything.  RIb chop roasts (you get your own rib!), lamb chops, and everything else you would expect.The seafood was wonderful.  THe crab legs here are much sweeter and tastier than other buffets.  The oysters were good too.  THey don't use those huge ones that get grainy, but the mid sized ones which are sweeter.I would love to try this place again on a regular weekend.
5	Salmon poke... Omg!!!! Soooooo good... My friend and I had to promise ourselves that we wouldn't come back to get more salmon poke because we didn't pay money to JUST eat that delicious goodness. Everything else was really good but man... That salmon poke... *drooling*We waited a little more than an hour to get in but it was totally worth it =)
1	Long line, long wait. Food good. Line took 2 hours to get in. This was on a Thursday for dinner before 5 pm. Then once we got inside there was a line for meat and a line for seafood. The seafood line took 20 minutes! Food is good. However, I'd rather go to Aria buffet or wicked spoon and eat.
5	Amazing buffet. It was my second time eating here yesterday and it did not disappoint. I went with friends in town for dinner so the price on a Sunday was a hefty $55 but it did not disappoint. First time I was here was back in November on a Saturday early noon and the line was about a 20 minute wait. Yesterday, Sunday around 4:30pm there was no wait in line at all, but there was a rush of people whe we concluded our meal. On my first trip to this buffet, I had one of the best cooked prime ribs I'd ever had. On my second trip here, I strayed away from that and instead focused more on the seafood.Presentation was unlike anything I've seen before. They had tiny little cute buckets of wings or fried chicken pieces with fries. The lasagna was served on a tiny skillet with a decent amount of meat and the sauce, was UNBELIEVABLE. The chef's special was also served on a tiny cute little iron pan and it was a lightly breaded calamari.On my first trip, I thought the shrimps were bigger and the king crab legs were small portions and were also very salty. But I realized this was only because it was busier back in November when I went as there was a 5min wait to get the king crabs. This second time around, there was alot less of a wait and I just realized the workers there can serve you warmed up king crab that is dipped in hot water. I got my king crab served this way this time around and they were far less salty and on point and of course, dipped it in the melted butter!! In the seafood section I also enjoyed the baked salmon, pan seared halibut, mussels, half shell oysters, corn lobster bisque, the large shrimp, and an amazing oyster shooter! Instead of prime rib, I thought I'd try the pork ribs and the lamb chops. The chops were amazing and very juicy! The pork ribs, on the other hand were not so much. I was hoping for standing chocolate ice cream but they had one that had cinnamon that I wasn't too big a fan of. Overall, this place is highly recommended by me if you have friends in town.
5	Bacchanal is the new king of buffet in vegas. The selection here is outstanding and authentic, and I can speak for the asian cuisines here. The Best Food: BBQ pork, roast duck, tonkatsu ramen, freshly made mexican tacos, XLBSeafood: They have king crab on dinners and weekend brunch, and the price $45-50/pp does reflect that. The best way is to get in line at 1pm on a weekday and pay lunch price for the dinner at 3pm. The line is about an hour long so do time it correctly. Meats: Prime rib, brisket, bacon, chicken, sausage and lamb racks during dinner. I'm not a big meat fan so I thought most of the food was ok.Other food worth mentioning: a big salad bar, sides, cook your own pasta bar and sushiStay away from: little wagyu sliders, they were super dry. Most of their chinese stir fry was overly salty. Icing on top: Love their freshly squeezed juices, especially the watermelon and orange. And the crepes were amazing as well, you can pick your own toppings, I could eat 4 in one setting if it wasn't so bad for me. Other desserts were ok, the souffle was kind of a let down and didn't have the right consistency at all.Bacchanal is much better than Wicked Spoon and the Wynn, but you will pay for more. It's worth the trip if you don't mind lines too much, be prepared to be blown away!
3	I was really looking forward to this but it was a slight let down.  Most of the food was good.  Asian food section and meat selection were great. Seafood area was very limited compared to what was advertised on yelp and their website.  For $50.99 per person on a Saturday night, I would rather be at The Buffet at The Wynn with beautiful flower arrangments surrounding me.
5	"As good as it gets?"  Dang tootin'!Remember your ABC's? (No, not your ABC's from pre-school; I'm talking about the "ABC's" of the "Las Vegas prestiges" as far as the buffets are concerned - Aria; Bellagio; Cosmopolitan).  You all know that the holidays can be a real pain in the tail as far as traveling is concerned:  Traffic on the freeway, even traffic off the freeway.  But that didn't stop me from getting what I wanted when I went to Vegas for the second time after I turned 21 five years ago.  Now, onto the "good stuff":I heard (and read) from a lot of the media that the Bacchanal Buffet is supposed to be one of the top buffets in Las Vegas with fantastic food for the price.  And you know what?  They were right.  The lines were long (even for the Seven Diamond members), but the food?  No word to describe it.Did you know that there was actually a LINE just for the crab legs?  Yeah, it was THAT good!!  Still don't believe me?  Try to grab about 6-7 crab legs on your plate with a lemon wedge and get back to me.  As far as the other types of "cuisines" went for this establishment, the Chinese ginger soup was hot enough to help soothe my throat, and the desserts?  TO DIE FOR!!!  As for the others (food-wise)?  Well, you gotta try them first before you say anything. :)
1	As far as food goes, this is by far the best buffet that I've been to in a long time, hats off to the chef. However, the staff is just awful. One of the hostesses was such a wreck during the rush, I didn't catch her name but she was an older woman. And the manager, Steven, wouldn't even look at us in the eye when we asked him a simple question. The food is delicious but judging by the attitude of the staff and managers, they will not see a penny from me or my family again. I hear Bellagio has an outstanding buffet and I'm betting that their customer service skills are much more fine tuned.
2	Okay, I hope I don't get shot for disagreeing with the masses. I ate here on Friday night for dinner, so my meal was $55 + gratuity. For $60+, I wish I hadn't pre-paid my tip at the register with my card. Seafood was not great at all. I tried everything except for one cooked fish dish that I can't remember. Bland AND salty. Way too salty. Yes, I know these are saltwater creatures, but that's just insane. Some were also overcooked so they were dry. Prime rib was okay, rib eye lollipop was so disappointing (tough and flavorless), but the lamb chops were so good! Sadly when I went back to end my savory part of the meal with another lamb chop or two, these were not as flavorful as the first round. The line for the meats was a mess--it combined with people trying to exit the seafood line, the staff going in and out of a kitchen door.I didn't try much (or any) of some of the Mexican/Italian/Asian offerings, mostly because nothing looked particularly good or unique. Some of the deli meats in the Italian area were good, though some were a little.. strange. Maybe I was supposed to pair it with one of the cheeses? And the cheeses looked super cool on display, until I realized they were brands like President's brie, which I can find in any grocery store. I wanted sushi but they looked... off. Like they weren't as fresh as I would have preferred.Dessert was much better, though! I had mochi ice cream, carrot cake, macarons, and a cookie (or was it a mini cupcake? or a cheesecake pop? clearly this was not memorable enough...) Crepe line was too long, and they had run out of bananas foster when I looked, so I didn't want to wait.WORST PART:I came with two friends who paid together while I paid for myself. The hostess accidentally gave our seating book (with our receipts and pre-paid tips) to a group of 4 and gave us theirs. We have no idea this happened. When our server came to ask for our drink order, he was confused when we said there was no fourth person at our table. He kept saying, "It says 4!" Us: "We're just 3..." And he made us repeat our drink orders. He snatched the seating book and walked away saying he needed to check on something. Minutes later, one of the hostesses is at our table demanding our receipts. We take them out, and we ask what's wrong. She couldn't answer us, but said that we had done nothing wrong. Yet, when we asked what we needed to do or what she needed from us, she wouldn't leave. She finally stomps away when we firmly said, "Well, if we did nothing wrong and we've shown you our receipts, like you've asked, then... what do you still need?" (Not so subtle hint.) She leaves. Then a SECOND hostess comes rushing to our table and asks to see our receipts. Again. This time, we finally get an answer on what's wrong, and she explains the mistake that I mentioned in the first part of this paragraph. She says she just needs our receipt numbers and names so she can track down the table and server that had our receipts so the right servers could get the right pre-paid tips. We never hear back from the hostesses again, so we never found out if they had straightened out the issue. Our server seemed to be backed up by too-attentive server from the table next to us, so he was actually the person to notice that our drinks were low. But, we were never introduced to this guy... So, yes, Yelp says it best: "Meh. I've experienced better." Go anywhere else and save yourself the money. Enjoy the pretty decor made of a billion cups from the outside.
4	What a buffet! I've come here for both lunch and dinner after the revamping.I'd say overall, dinner is probably more worth it than the lunch. With dinner you get the seafood, like oysters, oyster shooters, and ceviche. The lunch instead comes with melon juices and melons.Good: Oysters and oyster shooters! So good and there are always tons of oysters. My only complaint is that one time, a waiter basically stole an entire full plate of untouched oysters from our table while I had my head turned. Also, there really should be small sauce cups or something for hot sauce to top the oysters.Meats are also very good! The prime rib and brisket are pretty awesome. The bacon was decent.Desserts are very good. There is gelato (flavors are hit and miss but mostly hit), a crepe station, and various small cakes/pies/candy.Pineapple juice and free mimosas!Hot crab legs are also amazing. They should put the butter closer though.Asian duck is really good.At some point I lost all dignity and was pigging out only with my hands.Bad:Watermelon juice was meh. Grapefruit juice was terrible.The Asian besides the duck overall wasn't too impressive. The sushi is not very good as well.Cold crab legs are terrible. Crab legs that were only partially heated up aren't very good either.
5	The unquestionable gold standard for Vegas buffets. The line is long, (we went on a Monday night and waited 45 minutes) but the buffet is worth every minute of the wait. Absolutely decadent. Everything you can imagine. I was completely stuffed and then I discovered an entire room of food I hadn't even touched! Next time I go to Vegas I'm not wasting any time with other buffets. I'm gonna park myself at Caesar's Palace and have somebody roll me to my room when I'm done. Great value, great fun. If you only can go to one buffet, go here!
1	Line...wait...Line...wait...horrific experience. So bad that I created a Yelp account just to tell everyone. I've been to many buffets in my life and waited in many buffet lines. But Bacchanal, you take the cake on this one.I can't complain about the 1 hour wait to get into a buffet. I've waited 2 hours at other buffets before. I'm used to it, but to wait the same amount of time once you get in just to get some crab legs? Ridiculous.The 2 highest traffic foods, Seafood and Meat, are placed right next to each other. The Seafood line backed up into the Meat line so no matter which you wanted to eat, your wait doubled. By the time I got back to my seat, my meat was cold and I was completely discouraged from going back to try anything else and/or get seconds.A party of 9 at $51/person before tax and gratuity, we feel robbed.The food I did get to eat was good. Would have been great if they were at their intended temperature.Recommendations:1. Move the Meat section clear away from the Seafood section.2. Can't move the Meat section for whatever reason? Rope off the Seafood and Meat lines so they don't blend together.I hope this gets to an Executive that has the power to make some changes.To future interested consumers, the Seafood line is located at the entrance so take a peak before you decide to fork out $51-before-tax-and-gratuity. Maybe by the time you go, my review made a difference.
4	Ok, so came in to Bacchanal with very high hopes which could be the cause of my overall opinion of it being ok to pretty good. Before I begin though, I did go here on a Thursday and while waiting in line, we were looking at some Yelp pictures to see king crab legs, which we did not find inside the actual buffet (bummer!). SO, with that being said... friends overhyping this place up along with seeing king crab legs with none being served inside... you can see where I'm coming from.The rest of the food though, not bad at all, it is good for sure. My personal favorite was the Wagu beef sliders (I'm a sucker for burgers though). The lasagna is also very good. I also enjoyed the cream of mushroom soup. The oysters are also a winner in my eyes. The regular crab legs taste just like any other buffet. The dessert is ok... one of the cooks played it up to be really good, but it wasn't all that great, though this might be due to the fact that I was full by then. The tacos are pretty good though... they make it there on the spot like a taco truck, which is pretty cool... a quick tip that I saw my friend did and thought it was genius... get a big plate of chips and have the taco guy place carne asada, cheese, sour cream, and guacamole over it... BAM, carne asada nachos! Some of the dishes are placed in big containers, plates, bowls... and you can only fit one or 2 at the most on your plate... I understand that it looks better but just a bit inconvenient that you can't put too many on your plate at once. Just a minor complaint. Overall experience is pretty good, though it's not the best buffet in Vegas in my eyes, it's definitely good. I don't think the quality of the buffet justifies the $50 price point, but it is worth a try if you're in Vegas, plus it's the new "must go-to" buffet.
4	Not sure if this place is worth the 3 hour wait.  The lines will probably die down once the buffet isn't as new any more.  But once you get in, you'll be overwhelmed by the amount of food options to choose from.  It's like the Buffet @ Wynn or Wicked Spoon @ Cosmo but 2-3x larger.  There's Asian, Mexican, Meats (American?),  and Seafood sections to cater to everyone's needs.  In addition, there's freshly squeezed oj, cucumber, and tropical (mango, pineapple) juice near the seafood section which is near the front.
4	so we decided to give the latest and greatest buffet on the LV strip a try.  After glamouring recommendations from friends about this joint, we stopped by.at close to $50 per person, we decided to "upgrade" to the fatty pass (24 hour buffet pass) for ~63 per person.  That way our money is evenly distributed upon the gluttony that was about to ensue over the next 24 hours.  We timed our visit precisely at 9PM, so we can enjoy a second dinner the following night, like a true fatty would.enough about the caveats and more about the buffet.  if you eat with your eyes first, like me, then your mouth was watering just walking by the buffet to the table.  the decor was eccentrically classy.  the layout was great, the food looked A-MAZE-ZING (hard Z on the third syllable).  kobe beef sliders were yummy.  shrimp cocktail were HUGE, you could sink your teeth into it!I will definitely be back to this buffet with obesity on my mind and a vengeance on my appetite.
4	Price was actually 59$ per person when i was there around christmas time. but i thought it was worth it, only worse part of the meal was the mexican food. I also killed the desserts!
4	This is absolutely the best buffet in Vegas right now. If you're a buffet person, i.e., can actually eat your money's worth, you can't miss this while you in Vegas. Yes, it's pricey. I came on Dec. 29 and paid around $51 and change for dinner. I think it had to do with holiday season too, but I also don't have the rewards card at Caesar's so there are ways to cut it down a couple dollars.Foodwise, my favorite stations were Asian and Dessert. I'm surprised Asian was so good because usually at buffets the Asian station is the least cared for. They had good qaulity dim sum, and they even had this ginger chicken soup that tasted exactly like my mom makes it. It was pretty damn good. The sushi was OK, and when they DID refill the sashimi plate, it was really fresh. They even had legit porridge with all the scrumptious sides. The snow crabs and cocktail shrimp were average, you can't really saying special about them unless they were ridiculously fresh and plump, which they weren't. The meat station had the most choices I've ever seen in any buffet. Pork ribs, beef ribs, lamb legs, brisket, prime rib, chicken, sausage, and they even had this giant bone-in meat that I can't even say for sure what it was. The bone was literally the length of my arm, and my friend said got it said it's supposed to be beef, but no one could say for sure. I attached the picture comparing the size of it to my friend's head. Needless to say we couldn't finish it, but they did help me wrap it up for my dog. I would say I spent over half my time at the dessert bar. It was one of the best dessert stations I've seen in any buffet. The crepe station was to die for, and I tried every single ice cream/sorbet. One reason their ice cream station stands out to me is that their flavors are not ordinary and plain. There were baklava, strawberry basalmic, mint watermelon, sticky toffee, blood orange, etc. The flavors were not too drastically extreme where you couldn't understand it. The sorbets were refreshing and not too icey while the ice creams were creamy and rich. Everything at the dessert bar was made very well, and it was definitely the highlight for me. I didn't have room for this, but my friend said even their tacos were amazing. Overall, I didn't eat my money's worth, but the quality is definitely pretty high for a buffet. I'd say it's still worth it once in a while.
3	I tried this last week, and I must say that I was severely disappointed. I've read so many good things about this buffet and when they first opened up, I definitely wanted to try it due to the reviews & price. However, the price started to go up and up and when I went, it was already $46 per. It's not the price issue -- it really isn't. I'm not afraid to pay for something that's worth my while. Heck, the wait wasn't even an issue either. I've wanted 4+ hours for other buffets. It's just I don't think the Bacchanal Buffet left an impression on me.However, I do LOVE their rack of lambs. It was perfectly cooked and it was juicy/tender. It wasn't dry at all like how some places cook them. Another thing I loved was their personal soup bowl of "Black Chicken w/ Ginseng" at the Chinese corner. The ramen was good as well. The soup base for it was pretty decent and light rather than heavy. Other than those three, there wasn't much to celebrate about or brag about. I felt, in my opinion, that there wasn't enough variety. There wasn't really anything that screamed at me to try it. I didn't feel as though my $46+tax+tip was justified. It was a great experience, they had great service, and they were good .. but just not what I'd imagine it to be. The dessert section wasn't all that great either. I feel as though Wynn's buffet or the M Resort (Studio B) would be a better selection. Though their dessert section beats Wynn's dessert section. I would say try it for the experience but it's nothing "that" great.
3	We went for breakfast at 9:30 on a Wednesday morning.  There was no line so we were seated quickly.  The price was just shy of $30.  There were lots of yummy options, eggs benedict, chicken fried steak. croque madame, breakfast pizza, red velvet pancakes, chicken and waffles the list goes on and on.  We were seated close to the buffet so we were able to grab a couple small plated items and put them on our table and go back for more.  That was nice cause they are so cute but take up a lot of room on your plate.  Most of the stuff we tried we split in hopes of not filling up after one round.  The food was good but not amazing..not even special really.  It was good for a buffet I guess?  I was really looking forward to the fresh juice I had seen pics of.  They only had tropical and by the time we left were completely out.  I am surprised they don't restock, especially at breakfast.  Service was lacking.  Plates were not cleared and drinks not refilled, which wouldn't have been such an issue if they would restock the damn juice.  It was not busy at all.  So we should have been able to get better service.  The dessert section was nothing special.  I hope they put out better desserts with lunch and dinner.  There was crepes, pastries, cookies and candy in jars and gelato.  That was it.  We got some gelato on a small cone on the way out.  I would try again if a friend wanted to go for lunch or dinner.  I'm over breakfast though.
4	I love the desserts..and their seafood. I'm usually not a seafood fan, but this is pretty good! Especially the crepes~
5	I am very impressed with this new buffet ....modern ambiance with gourmet food. It's prolly $10-15 more than other Harrah's buffets but so worth it!!!!!!
5	This place is worth the money.However, I feel that Wynn's prime rib is still the best.
4	Being a resident in Las Vegas for the past 12 years, I have been to almost every buffet on  and off the strip. The Bacchanal buffet is up there with my favorites - right alongside the buffet at Bellagio. I went on a Thanksgiving so it was extremely pricey. The first station I hit up was the Asian food station. The chow mein was pretty incredible and so was their mini bowl of Vietnamese beef pho. I worked my way to the Mexican station and enjoyed their green chili enchiladas. The bbq station was pretty standard since I think a bbq tastes the same, however, the hot sausage links were so amazing, I went back for a second helping of it. Now for my favorite: Dessert. I made sure to save room because the dessert station was heavily covered with every type of tasty delight you could imagine. I tried the pumpkin pie, the pecan pie, the key lime custard, chocolate mousse, raspberry parfait, and the gelato. Let me tell you about the gelato. Guava was delicious, honey was very unique, and the balsamic gelato (after acquiring some taste for it) is rather addictive. It is one of the few buffets on the strip that is worth every penny. Just make sure you get in line during an off-peak hour or you will be in line for forever and go on an empty stomach.
4	Caesar's Palace is always keeping it fresh! This is the newest buffet and probably my favorite on the strip. Here are some highlights:- Lines are insanely long! Some of our friends got there at 5pm and didn't get in till 8pm. It's a good opportunity to level up on your angry bird game or have a long and deep convo.  - Warm crab legs!! Better than most buffets, and there's a line for the crab legs too.- Ginseng with chicken soup?!! Wow, definitely appeals to the Asian crowd.- Lamb chops were my fave. Tender and succulent.- I like how they serve their food in big pots and pans instead of the traditional square pan in the water warmer. Good display of food.- One of the most expensive buffet. Weekend holiday buffet (in December) was $50 per person.--------Overall, it's a great experience and definitely something worth trying. It's one of those been-there, done-that, ate-it one-time experience. The Studio B Buffet at the M Resort 20 minutes outside the strip is still my ultimate fave.
3	Waited 1h in express line that cost extra $15pp, price of buffet $50 on weekend, kids half price. For two adults, two kids, cost $201.00 in express line that took so long it could not be express! Then there is tip. At this point, too frustrated with wait to enjoy food.  For that price, you can get better food and service elsewhere for family of four, assured.  Go eat somewhere else no matter how good the buffet because it will never be better than what you get freshly made to your order in a nice restaurant.  The return on your time and dollar are over at this rate...unless you have nothing better to do but stand and wait for buffet food.
4	It's a welcome change for Caesars to introduce a new buffet for us. The old buffet was very forgettable and small. I tried it once and never went back again. So this new buffet has plenty of hype and a long ass wait on a holiday weekend. We waited for over 2 hours. It went from a late lunch to dinner once we got seated. I'm sure it's not too bad on a regular weekend but this was unbearable.The layout is very sleek and modern with plenty of glass and silver accents. The size of the place is also pretty spacious with plenty of walking room.I'll go over some of the highlights of the food stations as best as I can remember:Asian-They had a pho/ramen station. The pho was above average for a buffet.-Typical Chinese stir fries, BBQ meats, sushi, and dim sum selectionsSalad-Very simple salad station with limited choices-I like the idea of salad dressing in plastic bottles, much easier to use-Pre-made salads were good (Try the Watermelon and Feta Cheese)Latin-Street tacos made fresh on one of those rotating platters-Good salsa bar-Pozole (I didn't get to try but it looked good)-TamalesItalian-Various kinds of Pasta and Pizza (I didn't get to try this station)American/Meats-Prime rib and Rib Eye Lollipops which were delicious! The beef was tender and flavorful-Sweet potato fries and tots (Good but salty)-Sliders (They were dry)Seafood-Very long line-Cold and Hot crab legs (Cut in half so it's easy to eat)-Raw oysters-Stone Crab Claws-Seafood GazpachoDessert-Crepes made on the spot-Exotic flavors of gelato (Chili Mango for example)There were a few more stations which I don't remember...I recall a cheese and bread one.Service is very prompt and your empty plate is usually gone when you get back after a round. The food overall is above average. Some of the items were excellent, some were subpar. But more good than bad.Would I come back here again? Only if there's no wait. There are a few other buffets I place above Bacchanal at this moment. But that can change if they improve a few minor quirks.
5	We came around 4:00pm on a weekday (Thursday). Definitely worth the price we paid for the dinner.  At the time, there was a very small line (it gets busy once it hits 6:00pm), so we were seated right away.Here are the highlights (in my opinion):Wagyu slider - I recommend it! Wagyu (Japanese or not) is moderately expensive, and getting this was something I just had to get. It was pretty good, but some of them were a bit overcooked.Fresh pineapples - I had a craving for pineapples and Bacchanal answered.  They had tons of fresh fruit, but I just stayed to sate my pineapple-craving. It was perfectly succulent, juicy, and delicious.Crab legs - huge crab legs that are perfectly juicy. They only had the cold version (I heard some buffets have both hot and cold?) when I went here, but I was perfectly fine with that. They serve it plain, and have a small section at the end of the line where you can put whatever sauce you want to go with your crab legs. I just ate my plain.Slow roasted prime rib - no buffet should go without a huge slab of prime rib on your plate. crepe - they have a crepe station for dessert. This was awesome, I had to visit this place twice.  Someone will make the crepe for you, piping hot, and put it on your plate. Then  in front of the crepe station, you can put whatever ingredients you want to make.  I usually put nutella (addicting stuff), whipped cream, and bananas.  Just do it, it's freakin' delicious.  Or if you want, there's strawberries, caramel, chocolate, etc.  OR! Go next door to the ice cream, get some ice cream, put it on your crepe and just go with that... either way, you can't go wrong!watermelon mint sorbet - I think I have a new sorbet fave flavor. Goodbye raspberry, goodbye, strawberry... hello watermelon mint!  It's awesome - it's refreshing. peach iced green tea - new favorite beveragebrie - they had a station dedicated to cheese.  I just had a minor issue as to why the cheese station was nowhere near the bread station? I mean, they had some bread around the corner but nowhere near the actual bread station....It's weird, but whatever, they have brie. Ruth is probably one of the best waitress/servers I have ever encountered at a buffet or a sit-down restaurant, EVER!  If you ever meet her, you probably know why, if you haven't... well let me tell you. From the first moment we sat in, she was attentive and friendly, with a smile on her face.  She recommended the Peach iced green tea - and you should take her for her word on that non-alcoholic beverage, it's addicting if you love something not too sweet while having something refreshing. It's my new favorite drink!  She also came by frequently to do a light chat while making her rounds from table to table.  She would make a casual recommendation or would tell us her opinion on some of the food that she saw us getting.  Overall, this place is one of my top favorite buffets of all time.
4	I had heard a lot of good things about Bacchanal, so my expectations were pretty high. We went on a Friday night around 7 and had to wait about an hour and a half to get a table. The line moved rather quickly, especially as I had good company with me. There are a bunch of different stations (Chinese, Japanese, Italian, Mexican, Meats, Seafood, and Dessert), but I only got from the Japanese, Italian, Meats, and Dessert, mostly because I figured that if I'm trying to make a $51 worth it, I shouldn't have Chinese or Mexican since I can get them for a lot cheaper elsewhere. Japanese: Average. The fish wasn't super fresh, and the quality wasn't very high, but it was tasty nonetheless. They had several different kinds of rolls and some poke.Italian: Since I only had the bread and meatballs from this section, I can't say very much about the station as a whole, but the bread was delicious (there was a focaccia with bacon bits on top that was absolutely exemplary).Meats: Lots of choices here. There was brisket, racks of lamb, prime rib, short rib, sausages, and other things. The lamb was overdone, and the short rib was extremely tough. However, the prime rib, sausage, and brisket were excellent. The only downsides to getting the food were the unfriendly meat carvers and the long line.Dessert: LOVE. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE. If I could have, I would have feasted solely on the desserts. There's a bunch of different flavors of gelato, lots of cake, and chocolate dipped items like cheesecake, strawberries, etc. Everything from here was good, and it truly is a desserts lover's paradise.Overall, I definitely recommend Bacchanal. Food was good for a buffet, service was very friendly, and atmosphere was nice.
5	I will not give this place -1 star because of the small plastic spoons for dessert.7 million dollar buffet? Caesars I salute you.Bacchanal separates themselves with various mini containers of food. For example mini steak and eggs in a mini skillet. These little treasures are not only tasty but all wrap up in a little portion so you don't over eat.Highlights:Shrimp and gritsCrabPrime RibShrimpGelato- Thai Tea, Fig Balsamic, and Brown Ale.Do yourself a favor and go early around 9am. No wait, when I left(4 hours later) the line was crazy.
5	This is the new leader is Vegas buffets!There is a nice assortment of Japanese (sushi), chinese, mexican, seafood, etc.  The dessert assortment is also top notch with many flavors of gelato.I have experienced most of the buffets in Vegas and these days have been going to Aria and Cosmopolitan but I enjoyed my meal here more than those 2 places.  In prior years I used to head over to the Bellagio, Mirage, Rio's (seafood), Paris, etc.I will be back!
5	I came here about two weeks after their September 12 2012 grand opening . In my opinion it is the best buffet in Las Vegas hands down !! They spent 17 million dollars on it . My advice is go on a Monday when it isn't so crazy busy. This makes the Rio Buffet look like a school cafeteria.  If you can do without king crabs legs, go for lunch instead of the $39 dinner. Can they keep up the quality ? Time will tell.
5	My favorite buffet used to be spice market - this one kicked it out of the top spot. I tried the Bacchanal Buffet for the first time this past Christmas. We arrived around 9am and only waited about 15 minutes to get through the line and to be seated (this was not the case 30 minutes earlier - the line was wrapped around and around!). Oh my the selection at this buffet is amazing!!! For Christmas Brunch they had pancakes (including chocolate chip and red velvet!), chicken and waffles, french toast, croque madame and croque monsieur, crab legs, shrimp cocktail, fresh juices, kobe sliders, brisket, prime rib, pizza, pasta, asian dishes, sushi, menudo! (my boyfriend said it was AWESOME), street tacos, cheeses, fruits, salmon and lox and so much more. And the desserts!!!! Fresh crepes, gelato, so many cakes and cookies and pies. Everything was DELICIOUS. I wish that my stomach was larger so that I could have tried more. This buffet is expensive but it is well worth the money. Any future trip I take to vegas will definitely include this buffet!
1	Ok..so the food really deserves a 3.5 or 4 star for a buffet.BUT.....bait and switch alert people.  BAIT AND SWITCH.Ok...I came here about a month after opening for a Yelp Elite event.  It was free.  It was glorious.  Now it's chalk full of problems.1) No Monta ramen.  For tourists, this is a local ramen joint that is very popular with the foodies.  They hired someone from there to help them with their ramen.  It was close to the real deal.  Last night?  Gone gone gone.  At the Yelp event, they even had the head buffet chef walking around bragging about how much trouble they were to for the ramen.  I believe him.  So what happened?  Good thing I didn't pay $50 for this buffet expecting this ramen.  Oh wait...$50 it was!2) Whoever manages this buffet needs a demotion, stat.  At even the premium buffets in town you expect to wait for seafood.  Crab legs, etc.  Mostly the crab legs take a lot of work and it's a bottleneck.  Fine.  At Bacchanal, they had combined the seafood and carving station lines into one, gigantic line.  GIGANTIC. Moved slower than molasses in the winter, too.  Not only did that make carving station only patrons wait a VERY LONG time for some meats that were ready to go, the long line obscured about 25% of the buffet's offerings.  And most of the "good stuff" if we're being honest.  Basically, if you wanted fried chicken, or any of the potatoes, any bread, a whole host of things - you had to squeeze your way in between the dirty looks of people who thought you might be cutting in line.  How's about separating the lines?  Oh wait...they DID end up separating.  After I complained to a manager and was told, I'm not kidding, "Just go ahead and walk up to the carving station and ask for what you need.  Just bypass the line."  Whatchu talkin' bout Willis?! Despite my misgivings,  I tried that assuming the people were all in line for seafood.  They weren't.  I almost got murdered by the people in line. Only my cat like reflexes saved me.  Also, they had 1 chef at the carving station - all the while a huge line was continuing to build.  Here's a hint - have another person there carving while another person takes orders and serves it up?  The lady in front of me literally took, and I timed this, 3 minutes to get 3 different kinds of meat.  With like 30 people behind her and growing.  The line is long and the meat is not going to sit there more than a minute if you cut it early.  It's already rested - it's fine!  Good thing I didn't pay $50 for this buffet.  Oh wait...I did!When I went before, they obviously had separate lines.  It took ME to get them to separate it despite the seriously angry patrons.  And no surprise things went much smoother afterwards.  Hey Caesars Palace - where's my paycheck? I managed your buffet for one night, Gary Loveman(CEO of Caesars).3) No fresh fruit except for blackberries.  They used to have great chocolate covered strawberries.  We were told they had been out since 2 days ago.  Thank God I didn't pay something outrageous like $50 for this buffet only to have them run out of the most popular fruit in existence.  Oh wait...I did pay $50.  F$#k me!  Great I'll get some rasberries.  No?  No rasberries either?  Well...we are in the desert.  At least I didn't pay....4) Dishes at the table took a good long while to be cleared.  Not the biggest deal in the world - but when your table is full it does get a big messy.On the positives:1) For our group, we paid $15 extra each to skip the line to get in.  Well worth it if you're willing to shell out the $15.  Looked like at least an hour wait if not more.  Wish other places would have that option.2) The carving station meats were pretty good.  Sausage was spicy and delicious.  BBQ ribs were tender and flavorful.  And the ribeye was solid.  The brisket, however, was awful. Dry as a bone and really overcooked.3) Desserts were nice.  I didn't eat much but the Kona Coffee mochi was very very good.  One of my friends had a crepe and she thought it was one of the best she's had.  So big thumbs up for the dessert stations.  Oh yeah..and no wait.  haha4) Temperature was fine in the buffet.  Also, no fire, flood, nuclear explosion, etc.  Hmm....struggling to think of things to come up with in this section.  No terrorists!In a nutshell, if you're already at Caesars and $50 isn't a ton of cash for you to spend then go for it.  It's perfectly fine.If you're making a special trip to a buffet then I'd recommend Bellagio or Wynn over this one.  Just disappointing to see them pull out all the stops initially to generate that good publicity.  Then just bend you over and stick it in rough like this.  It's brutal.  Really, I should give this kind of crap the 1 star treatment.  You know what?  I will.  Dropping to 1 star. Honestly pays.  Dishonesty shouldn't.  John H. OUT!!Edit: Let me add one thing. Bleu cheese dressing constantly gets stuck in opening of hard plastic bottle. Can't squeeze it.  Thus, it's unusable. LOL?
4	I'll admit that I built up huge anticipation for Bacchanal after reading all the early rave reviews and seeing all the pics from bloggers and yelpers.  I finally got to try it first hand with my recent trip to Vegas.  And I didn't waste any time as it was the first spot I went to after I got off the plane.Because I wanted to maximize my time and money into trying most of their "500 menu items,"  I invested in a 24 hour Buffet of Buffets pass.  But since Bacchanal is considered to be one of the higher end buffets in the BoB group, you have to pay an upgrade fee of $15 per visit.  You can read about my misunderstanding of that fee from my Buffet of Buffets review here (http://bit.ly/VherAz).  I visited Bacchanal twice for breakfast and dinner so I paid $15 for both visits in addition to the BoB pass.  Still a deal compared to paying $19.99 for Breakfast and $31.99 for Dinner.Here are some things that I picked up for breakfast:Mini Croque Madame, Shrimp & Grits, Bacchanal Benedicthttp://bit.ly/11NCfOcMy first round.  Everything you see here was good!Skirt Steak and Egghttp://bit.ly/UgKPjSThis was good!  But by this time I've already had enough eggs.Mini Monte Cristohttp://bit.ly/141GjsLVery rich considering it's size.Shanghai Dumplings, Smoked Salmon, and Breakfast Pizza. http://bit.ly/UOmpgGI really couldn't get enough of those Shanghai Dumplings.  Pass on the pizza, it was meh.Chicken Fried Steakhttp://bit.ly/UOm6CIThis was yummy!!!  Red Velvet Pancakehttp://bit.ly/V3tQipPerfect serving size so you wouldn't feel so bloated after.  The pancake was very moist and was spot on with the red velvetSugar Free Creme Brulee, Fruit, Cheesecake Lolipop, and regular Creme Bruleehttp://bit.ly/Xv8VoKIn addition, though i didn't get a pic of them where their wide selection of freshly squeezed juices.  My faves were the carrot and melon juices.Here are a few things I picked up for dinner:Shanghai Dumplings, Kobe Sliders, Kalbi Ribshttp://bit.ly/TedAjmMore dumplings.  The Kobe Sliders were good but a little dry.  And the Kalbi Ribs were awesome!Al Pastor Tacoshttp://bit.ly/UOlJI9These came from their taco station.  It was like going to your favorite taco truck except you can order as many tacos as you wanted!Ribeye Steak and Raw Oystershttp://bit.ly/10CehFjBest finale entree for my time at Bacchanal.  Meat and oysters!!!Macarons, Mochi, Panna Cotta, and I can't remember but it was good.  LOLhttp://bit.ly/Wcxp9xBest set of desserts to finish off my meal.  Mochi!!!  Seriously!!!Despite the good selection of food that i picked up, I was a little disappointed because since I dined there on a Wednesday, they held back on a lot of their best stuff for the weekend, which is probably the best time to go if you wanted to try the majority of their "500 food items."Final verdict:  It's a really good buffet.  Probably one of the better ones on the Strip.  It's on par with the Buffet at the Wynn, not sure if it's better though.  In comparison to Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan, while WS has an awesome Dessert selection, I'd say the edge goes to Bacchanal because they have so much more to offer even during midweek.  Because I'm not a buffet person, I'm not sure when I'd come back, but depending on the situation, if I'm nearby and in the mood for buffet, I would definitely consider dropping by.
4	An amazing selection of gourmet foods. I loved the lobster corn bisque and shrimp and cheesy grits, the selection of sushi and dim sum goes beyond the California rolls and bbq pork and the gelato is fantastic. Try the Aztec Chocolate. I've been twice now and the staff is very friendly. The quality of the food should get it five stars but the food that is meant to be hot, like the burgers or chicken, never is.
4	Not my best buffet experience in Vegas, but I don't regret trying it. My favorite part was the fresh, hot king crab legs.  Some cheaper buffets only have snow crab.  It's just not the same!  They had mochi for dessert, but only the flavors carried at trader joes.  The shrimp were gigantic.  I haven't tried Rio, but this is the best seafood buffet I've tried. Oh, and I got a huge slab of prime rib.  That chef knows what's up.
3	Just got back from a lovely time in Vegas and I feel I really HAVE to review this buffet...  No, really.  My bitterness compels me, even several days after the fact.A friend of mine who had tried this buffet on a previous trip just raved and raved about it and was eager to have the rest of our group try it, all the while hyping it up to be "the mother of all buffets!" and "so good you'll pass out!"  ...Yeahhhh, not so much.  I felt bad for disappointing him, but after spending $50 for a single meal, I have a right to be a tad critical.  So here's how it stacks up:PROS-Amazing food.  The ingredients seemed fresh and well assembled, and every dish I tried was incredibly flavorful....  Gourmet indeed!  (And the only reason this buffet gets three stars from me instead of one or two.)-Varied selection of dishes/cultural representations-Gorgeous atmosphere.  I loved the clean lines of polished glass and stainless steel at every turn.  And I appreciate the fact that each separate area has its own individual look and feel.-STREET TACO STATION!  Someone, somewhere, heard my prayers on this.  I was so excited to try my carnitas tacos that I almost ran into some poor, unsuspecting lady in my frenzy to get back to my table.  However, by the time I was able to make it out of the crazy line for food, they were ice cold and the carnitas were hard.    More on that below...CONS-Price.  This mutha is EXPENSIVE.  I mean, seriously, what is that about?  I chose to try this the one time for the experience, but for what this buffet offers, it hardly seems worth it.  I could go to the Wynn buffet or, to a lesser degree, Wicked Spoon to get more for my money (if the goal was, as it usually is, stuffing my face with yummy foods!).  -Service lagged.  Once my friend was able to flag down one of the servers to order our drinks, he was pretty good about seeing to our needs.  Initially, though, he was nowhere to be found.  We had just come from the Valley of Fire about 40 minutes outside of Vegas and were dying of thirst, but no one came to ask for our order for a good 10-15 minutes after being seated.  Plenty of servers passed us and our conspicuously empty table that evening, but no one bothered to stop.-LINES!  CRAZY, UNFORGIVING, TORTUROUSLY LONG LINES!!!  As a few previous reviewers have noted, this place has an absolutely awful set up.  I can see that if they just moved a few of the stations around the dining area (perhaps on the other side of the dessert bar, for instance), it would help immensely with the pileup of angry/hungry patrons.  As it was, I waited a good hour on my feet, plate in hand, just for a chance to SEE what foods were offered!  And this is after waiting almost an hour and a half just to get in!!  The line hardly ever moved because the lady working the carving station moved at a glacial pace and honestly looked like she could cry from being overwhelmed with orders.  I would've avoided the meat altogether, really, but after waiting that long to get a shot at my different options, I knew I had to at least try some ribs and the brisket.  There would be NO going back, that's for sure!!  I hardly ever got a chance to eat with my friends because we all stood in the massive line of doom at varying times.  :(  Boo...-Rude staff.  The situation in line was intense, folks, as I have mentioned, but there was intensity from the kitchen, too.  When I had finally made my way up to the carving station (hallelujah!), an older gentleman came right up in front of me and lifted his plate up, asking if the carving lady could put just the tiniest piece of chicken on it.  While I was in NO MOOD to allow someone to cut in front of me, even I felt this sweet old man deserved a better response than what he received...  One of the kitchen staff heard him and came forward, rudely yelling at him to get to the back of the line.  He scowled in the general direction of the rest of us, too.  I get that he may have been having a rough night with a bunch of unhappy patrons, but there was no need for that.  I'm a big girl, and I can speak for myself, thanks.-Repeatedly out of foods.  I missed out on mac and cheese and green tea mochi balls, people!  And once they ran out, there was no replacing them.-THEY LIMIT YOUR PORTIONS.  ...Think about this.  It's a buffet, for crying out loud!  For $50, I think I am entitled to pile my plate if I choose, but management came around and literally limited the quantity of meats per person.  Not cool.  Not cool at all!
2	Food quality was inconsistent, slow service, long lines at seafood and carving station, and poor value for price paid.  Some things were great: lamb chops, street tacos, and seafood little plates.  The cooking staff behind the lines were just bothered at times.  The music at 3pm was a distracting clubby trance.  The whole experience did not live up to the hype.  It just seemed this buffet was trying too hard to be hip and cool, at the expense of providing a consistent quality product.The M Resort, The Wynn, and The Cosmopolitan buffets are much better quality and value.
1	Bottom line... Lots of hype, great music, the atmosphere more like a college cafeteria trying to be hip.  Service good, food variety good, quality bad!  The food was cold or lukewarm,  much of it dry and lacking taste.   I spokento the manager on duty,!Steven who thanked me for my observations and offered to obtain anything I desired freshly made, a nice thought but shouldn't all of the food be fresh and not require intervention at the managerial Level to obtain quality?  Admittedly, I am not a great buffet person and am bothered by obese, poorly dressed patrons grazing as if the meal was their last but this is a buffet to pass by on the way to a better table served restaurant eager to serve.
5	Came here because we heard that they redid the whole buffet. We are HUGE vegas buffet fans and have almost tried them all. We wanted to do dinner here but it a little more than 50 bucks a person so we decided to do the brunch on Sunday. Which was still about 40 but included mimosas. We kinda were hesitant on the price but figured we had to try. And how happy were we that we did! They had full sides of beef cut to order. All kinds of meat. Everything from sliders to hummus. They had a lot of selections and all very good. The had crab legs and a seafood area. Only thing that was kind of a miss was the potato salad area. It was not as spectacular like everything else. Dessert area was also pretty good.  I'm a HUGE sweet fan so I went straight for the made to order creeps. They were good but felt they could have had more options on filling. Like bananas...hint hint. The cupcakes I have to admit we're kind of dry. But they did have a gelato bar with very interesting flavors. I got the watermelon mint and vanilla (I do love my vanilla). Overall we had a great experience and can't wait to return and try there full on dinner. :). We spent a total of a little over 2 hours here and wanted more but our stomachs said no more. We were happy we got our money's worth not just by the quantity of food but by the quality of the food.
4	This buffet is amazing. I'm pretty big on Vegas buffets and because it's vegas, I really do only expect the best of the best. This buffet really does that, and I'm saying that based off of every buffet I've eaten in Vegas (Wicked Spoon, Wynn, Bellagio, etc) It has everything you could imagine from seafood to gourmet meat to asian food to pasta. Honestly, I feel like it's a little mixed inbetween of the Wynn buffet and Wicked Spoon. Their fusion stuff are actually not that bad and their seafood was worth the wait in line. The only problem I had with the buffet was that the meats I tried (prime rib and steak) were both kind of on the dry side. Also, I get that I was there on a 3-day weekend, but I still ate on a Sunday and had to pay $50.. not to mention that our waiter especially took a really really long time to clear our plates and fill our water. She actually didn't do any of it unless we flagged her down and asked her to and our table was only so big so it got kind of annoying trying to eat with piled up plates all around me.
2	I tried the Brunch at Bacchanal Buffet for $40 per person.  After all, it was not worthy my $40 and was quite disappointed.  There was no line when getting into the buffet.  I was expecting a long wait because the previous reviews online.  I understand that Brunch was the combination of breakfast and lunch.  Of course I found a lot of breakfast related foods.  Such as potato, eggs and bacon.  I just remember seeing a lot of potato plates.  I supposed to be a fan of potato but it was just way too much.  The only thing I could remember that was good was the Chinese chicken ginseng soup that comes in a little pot container.  The soup was pretty good that I have to compliment and in a little cute pot.  For the Japanese section, I was hoping to see some nice sushi selections.  Too bad, they only had some rolls that were not looking good.  They have small slices of sashimi combination in a little bowl but wasn't great at all. After all the disappointment, we waited until 3pm to see if they have more stuff for the dinner time.  I tried their little pearl oysters which I think were pretty fresh so we ate about 20 pieces.  We tried the lobster soup but wasn't that good. So overall the experience wasn't that great for me and for $40 it wasn't worthy at all.  I could have pay less for the Bellagio buffet that has much more items.  And remember, the dinner price was about $48.
4	I would have to say that this place is pretty legit.  The only downside is the price.  We went when our friend who works for Harris Corp. got family comps and decided to take my wife and I.  I have to say compared to the others in town it's pretty good.  Any of you have been to Wicked Spoon its better then that by the amount of variety that is offered.  The asian section is probably the best i've been to throughout vegas.  The dessert section hands down bomb-diggity.  The only con about this is the price.  I myself wouldn't go unless they're offering a locals discount then maybe I'll troll through.  Good buffet nonetheless!
4	**You can pay $20 to skip the first line (which is the longest line)Going to have to give this place four stars because it was line after line after line. & from someone who actually enjoys waiting in long lines, the lines here were a tad much. So there's the initial line to pay. Then another line to be seated. Then a million other lines to get food. Major buzzkill. Oh, but there are people walking around selling water bottles for $1 as you wait so no need to worry about dying of thirst.If the lines weren't in the picture, this buffet is about as good as it gets in terms of selection. & I have tried all the other buffets in Vegas. The seafood and dessert sections in particular are awesome.The layout is slightly odd as there is a whole section that you can miss thinking there's nothing there if you aren't seated in the back (as I wasn't) or if you don't wander (which I do). Though this section is mostly salads and what not, so you won't miss too much if you don't see it, but do wander as much as possible around the restaurant.
5	AWESOME. Ive been to many of the buffets in vegas. Always thought the Wynn was the best. Our taxi driver suggested this place so we gave it a try. OMG. Everything u could think of.. and its not crappy like a lot of the other places. A few of the things i just saw at the brunch..Crab legs, lobster, caviar, oysters, a full REAL sushi bar, 5 kinds of sausage, 5 kinds of eggs, omlettes , pizza, sandwiches, asian food that looks real, several kinds of potstickers and sticky buns, a full mexican food section, and an unbelievable amount of dessert. Thus is all in addition to the normal buffet fare. All this greatness will cost you.. $45/ person so go hungry. Sorry Wynn.. im eating here from now on.
5	For a Vegas buffet, this is as good as it gets.  It does not get fancy like Bellagio and Wynn.  It does not get fru-fru fusion like Aria.  It's just good food with high quality and pricey ingredients.  It's like M-Resort buffet but better, and more expensive, and longer lines. I think there's pretty much always a line here, so if you don't have 3 hours to kill, don't bother.  1-1.5 hrs for the line, and 1.5-2hrs for the buffet.  We went for Sunday brunch at $40.99 including champagne.  Seafood section was stocked with hot or cold king crab legs or snow crab legs.  I think the last time I saw king crab in Vegas at lunch was Bellagio.  The King crab was really fresh, still firm and sweet, and full of crab butter.  Seafood also includes larger than most cocktail prawns (like mid-level quality steakhouse sized).  Also had oysters that were fresh and firm but not as flavorful as I would have expected.  Not flavorful as in not really sweet or briny or seafoody.  Kind of disappointing I guess but it would have been fine for oyster novices.  Had a nice PEI mussels dish, in wine and garlic butter.  Also a few other fish dishes that I did not have the room for.  The American section was full of meat.  I had the prime rib, and they don't spare the cut like other places.  Nice thick slab maybe 12 oz prime rib.  Not Lawry's, but again, better than most other buffets that I can remember.  Also had the bbq brisket and baby back ribs.  Decent for buffets.  Meat section also includes like 3 different kinds of sausages and wursts, turkey, chicken, and probably 2-3 other items that I forgot.That's pretty much all I made through.  I did a little sushi which was decent, again, for buffet sushi.  The xiao long bao was actually juicy, but definitely discard the top part of the skin, again to be expected when food is put out for longer than 30 mins.  Everything that I didn't get to eat looked good, like the giant Italian meatballs.Service was a little slow but I guess it was so busy.  They used a decent champagne, although I didn't get to see the bottle, probably a Mumm type level.  The coffee was quality coffee, and they gave you a carafe of it.  Dessert was a highlight, although I didn't get to eat much of it.  They had nice mochi ice cream balls, fresh and mochi still firm and not stale.  Also had an assortment of macarons that girls go ga-ga for.  Creme Brulee was well made.  Had some candy popsicles that's apparently popular in Vegas these days.  Overall, probably the best buffet I've had that was a "Vegas-type" buffet.  Meaning more selection than you can ever try.  This one was high quality and not too pretentious.
5	Hands down, best buffet on the strip. For $45, the weekend brunch has pretty much every food you can think of AND bottomless mimosa! The line was about 30 minutes long but worth the wait. Crepe station was delicious, they make the crepes fresh and you choose your own toppings. Even the crab was better than most buffet crab. Love this place. A must go if you are into all you can eat awesome buffet style food!
2	This buffet is full of HYPE. I would rather go to Wicked Spoon and spend less $$$ and eat better food, hands down. My boyfriend and I waited an hour and a half JUST TO PAY then had to wait 45 more minutes TO GET SEATED. On top of that, there was a 25 minute line JUST TO GET FOOD. WOW, really?! I was getting so annoyed because the line was up to  the "make your own" taco section and the seafood was on the other end of it basically. It made me not want to get up and wait for more food because I didn't wanna keep waiting in that line. I am sooo disappointed with this buffet. I really wanted to like it since I LOVED Wicked Spoon and this was proclaimed "The Best Buffet in Vegas." I think they should re-analyze that and consider everything else. The buffet was so packed and the buffet itself was so dirty. Food on the floor, no serving spoons on some dishes which made other people use a spoon they weren't supposed to which cross-contaminates the dish. The sushi is very low quality. The presentation of it is very mediocre. This was the first and only time I will ever eat here again. If you're debating whether or not you want to go to Wicked Spoon or Bacchanal Buffet next time you're in Vegas, I suggest going to Wicked Spoon instead. Going here is like a waiting game. You have to wait for everything which defeats the purpose of a buffet -_-$50 per person on a Saturday night.
3	We're typically very good at getting to buffets super early before the dinner rush, but our schedule went off track and we didn't arrive till 6:45--didn't get seated until 8:30. The line also looks misleadingly short. I could justify the line if the food was amazing (like the Wynn Buffet), but even though we were so hungry our stomachs were devouring themselves, we left feeling rather ho-hum about the experience.Everything tasted great initially, but I'm pretty certain that was because my gfs and I all experienced a second-wind of hunger. Fifteen minutes into the meal and we were pretty much done.Additionally, the buffet lines are poorly organized. Each section of the buffet bleeds into the other (seafood next to meat etc), so if you wanted one of the more popular foods, it was hard to tell where the end of the line was without accidentally cutting off someone else. And sometimes, you found one thing but not the other in obvious proximity--like a bunch of different hummus, yet no pita. cheese and charcuterie but no bread :(
3	It was only ok.  To be honest, I'm quite disappointed in our experience.  We waited quite a long time before we received our drinks.  Our group also wasn't seated together, but they had no problem charging us 18% tip because of our group size.  I can't think of a single dish that I was in love with except for the chocolate chip cookies, but I seem to love those everywhere I go.I'll be going back to the Wicked spoon instead of this place.
5	I wish I could give this place 6-stars. I even changed my last meal on earth in my profile to Bacchanal Buffet- it was that good.Weekends are WAY more expensive because of brunch. We had a little mishap when we called and asked for prices and were given the wrong information. When we told the cashier that- she said that we should have called the buffet and not the hotel. WTF- you work there, right?Anyways- it was off-season in Vegas, so we only waited about 10-minutes before being seated. Because it was brunch, mimosas were complimentary and we were going to get our money's worth. We I seriously could list out all the food that I ate, but that would be a super, super long review. If you want to know- you can see the photos I posted while here. Everything was scrumptious!A couple of standouts:- Beef brisket: It was smokey, tender and came in a big slab on your plate. You could break apart the meat with your fork with little effort. This one of my favorite things.- Eggs Benedict with skirt steak: A small individual portion served in a cast iron skillet. The egg yolk was calling my name from across the restaurant. I ate two without any effort, but had to contain myself before going back for a third. They also have this same dish with fried chicken instead. I wanted beef. The meat is tender and has that nice grilled flavor. Break the egg and it's like a slop of heaven soaking into your bottom piece of English muffin.Quail egg flatbread: This came lathered with small little over-medium eggs and bacon. The outer crust was crispy and you heard that crunch when you broke it apart or took a bite. It definitely had that wood-brick oven taste, though, I'm not sure how it was cooked. I am just going to say that you HAVE to eat here at least once. Like a tourist destination, you should make it a PRIORITY. Screw the bodies exhibit, screw the Grand Canyon- you need to go to Caesar's Palace for their Bacchanal Buffet. It's seriously worth it.
5	Hide $50, DO NOT GAMBLE IT AWAY until you go to Bachannal Buffet. Everything was incredible. I went there on business and ate alone. I didn't care that everyone around me was silently judging the outrageous amount of food on my plate (and then the desserts that followed). They have a giant seafood buffet as well as carving station, potatoes, fried chicken, mac and cheese. Literally every bite I took was the best thing I ever ate. I was stuffed by the time I finished dinner. That didn't stop me from getting myself upwards of 6 desserts and enjoying every last bit! They have an amazing aray of desserts from cupcakes to mini tiramisu to gelato to creme brulee. The desserts were just as good as the dinner. This is well worth the price... hopefully you will win it back at the poker table later. But if you don't, at least your tummy will be happy.
3	I was kind of disappoint may be because I had too much expectation for this place. Went there on a Friday night, wait for about 20 mins. Service was 4 starsBut Food worth no more than 3 stars.King crabs were fine like any buffets in Vegas.They do have seafood paella, but its lack of flavor and dry.Chinese dim sum disappointed me.The crepe with ice cream was good They had japanese ramen which is unique to other buffet.oyster shooter was not bad.Overall, I'll be still going back to Wicked spoon instead of bacchanal
5	This place is definitely as good as it gets. Yes, it's pricey but it's Vegas and it's a buffet. Cost is to be expected, right? But the nice surprise here is how legit this place is. It's not your everyday casino buffet. The quality and presentation of the food here is top notch. You feel like a kid in a candy store here so trust me, take your time and get a little bit of everything. Seriously, one or two shrimps at a time...you need the room on your plate to try everything else. Their prime rib was tender, crab legs were meaty, oysters were fresh, filler foods (mac n cheese, scalloped potatoes, sweet potato fries, etc.) were all deliciously sinful as they should be. Don't forget that there's a whole other side tucked to the back left corner. It was a whole new world when our table discovered it. Desserts were gourmet quality and the ice cream flavors were fun like french toast, thai tea and watermelon mint. Bonus points for having mochi ice cream at their dessert bar. Service was super pleasant and very fast. We had a great time at this place and would definitely go back the next time we're in Vegas. Enjoy!
2	O how the mighty have fallen...I remember checking this place out at an Elite Event last year, it was great, food was fresh, service on point, I had no complaints. In fact, I thought it was one of the best buffets in town.Fast forward to today, minus the Yelp Elite treatment I got to see the typical consumer experience and I was sorely disappointed. The major issue with the place is the price: $50 bucks, but Ill get to that part later.The food quality has really dropped off recently. We visited on a Thursday for dinner, and after waiting in like for about 30 min (which I heard is a short wait) We got in, shelled out $200+ for 4 people and went off get some food. Unfortunately, Bacchanal has fallen into the ways of many other buffets in town. Much of the food sat under heating lamps. The once crisp pizzas are now soggy and poorly replenished. The carving station now serves up a 50/50 portion of fat and meat. The carvers give little attention to giving you the best cut. The watermelon/feta cheese dish which I adored is gone (maybe just on the day I went). Souffle station? not open, sushi? a mess. Most of the cheese/meats were gone. Chicken fingers were replaced with dry and over-fried chicken wings. And I still don't know why they don't place ranch/dipping sauces in the vicinity. Not really up to the caliber of what I once experienced. The service was abysmal. After our initial visit, we had to flag down other servers for refills. We never got any of our condiments, and we watched as the dirty plates piled up on our table. We weren't the only ones, while waiting in the long line for the carving station I saw other diners place their used plates on other tables to clear up space on theirs. Really sad. And speaking of lines, I am almost convinced that the buffet is set-up to maximize the wait for the good stuff. The lines to the carving station and seafood are lonnnng. Expect to wait 15min to get a serving of fatty prime rib or some luke-warm crab. bleh...Now this all brings me to bigger issue: value. At $50 I think this place is outrageous. Keep in mind that they have upped the price from what used to be $40.. and it does not include free drinks! Other buffets in town (IE: The M buffet) at least includes unlimited beer and wine, Bacchanal wants even more $$$. They do at least offer a pretty big wine list. At $50+ a pop you are approaching fine dining prices, places in CP like Mesa Grill will get you a lot more for your money. Better quality food, better experience, and definitely better service. Now don't get me wrong, Bacchanal is a pretty good buffet. It offers up stuff you can't find anywhere else but its simply not worth it. You get a wide selection of average food.Couple of bright spots: They now serve up mochi woo!Street taco station is as good as ever!Place looks amazing, best looking buffet in town.Desert station is on point, every dessert you could want.But be warned: you will be leaving feeling full, but not satisfied.
1	We were excited to try bacchanal after reading the reviews here. We got there around 9am Jan 23 2013. There was no one manning the omelete station so I grabbed some scrambled eggs and hashbrowns. The eggs were dry and the potatoes were ice cold. I grabbed a mini quiche in the cast iron skillet. It was so overcooked it could barely be scraped out of the pan. The guacamole was greyish and tasted like pure lime juce.The bagels were ice cold and there was nowhere to toast them.I asked the waitress for a drink menu because I had just arrived in Vegas and my wife wanted a mimosa. The waitress (an older african american lady) stated "this menu only has alcohol and it's 9am" We said we wanted to order it anyway, the waitress rolled her eyes and stated  "you'll have to pay me for the drinks because they are not included" We already knew that but were dismayed by her snotty attitude.My wife got some pancakes off the buffet but after searching neither of us could find any butter. We asked our waitress for some and she said "it's on the bar" and dismissively waved her hand in that direction. I went back up to the pancake section of the bar and there was none so I asked one of the cooks.He grabbed a giant sysco tub of margarine, and scraped some into a cup with his fingers and handed it to me without a word.My wife and I were disgusted at this point. We had cold food, the prep stations were unmanned, the other food was unseasoned and inedible and the waitress was rude, snotty and unhelpful.I wish I had gone to the buffet in the Paris.
5	This is an excellent buffet with a vast selection of gourmet type food! You must track down the Kobe beef sliders! Those are my favorite. And how can you resist crab legs? You can get them chilled or hot! Which is an added bonus. And my oh my, the dessert selection is to die for! Killer desserts! Got to try the Aztec Chocolate gelato! Plus on Sunday, they have champagne brunch. So for $45/person, you can have unlimited champagne/mimosas until you burst!
5	I visited Vegas recently, went to 3 different buffets in different hotels. Out of 3, Bacchanal gets my 5 stars. It is a nice looking place with huge variety. I am not a seafood person, but if you re into seafood, this is a denitely buffet you would want to visit. I enjoy everything I ate.
4	I tried its lunch buffet on Thursday, 1/31/13 around 11:40AM. The line was not long, the place was about 70% full.Pro:1. A vast selection of foods, their ingredients are quite fresh.2. It is one of the best buffet I ever had. I would rather spend a few dollars more here that at Bellagio's buffet.3. Its sweet counter with all kinds of ice-cream is really super.Con:1. The quality of preparing the food could be better, considering the freshness of its ingredients. I think some of the meat or fish are on oily or buttery side.2. I would like to see more steamed fish or vegetables, lightly salted and less oily to be good for senior citizens and health conscientious people.3. I detect a tint of detergent in my ice water glass.I went there for experience. I enjoyed it. However, being a senior citizen, I would like to see more steamed fish before I go there for lunch buffet again.
5	Great buffet. Incredible selection - seafood, sushi, smoked meats, Mexican, Chinese, gourmet pizza, comfort food. Everything is fresh and well prepared. Many of the items are put on small plates to avoid the typical buffet contamination problems. Oh, there's also an incredible dessert bar.
5	Yes Yes Yes, I will have Bacchanal Buffet!  So Ceasars spent $25 million dollars trying to create the buffet of all buffets.  I would have to say "HAIL CAESAR" for they have succeeded!There was about a 25-30 minute wait to get into the modern and beautifully decorated buffet. There was honestly too much food to even try and attempt to describe but the main stations consisted of the following:  Asian food including sushi, bbq ribs, dim sum and a mongolian style grill.  Italian food including expensive cuts of italian lunch meats, and some pretty darn delicious thin crust pizzas. Hot meat station, prime rib, lamb chops, flank steak, rib eye, sausages and more. Seafood including King Crab sliced in half, lobster chowder with huge chunks of lobster, shrimp, cerviches etc.  Mexican food including a street taco station. Fried chicken with sweet potato fries, Fish n Chips and many many more foods that I cant even remember.  There was also a huge dessert section with souffles and crepes made to order.You really need several trips to this buffet in order to sample the vast amount of delicious items this place has to offer. Even my vast stomach couldnt make enough room to try everything.  Dinner cost $50 per person and was worth every penney, but for a mere $70 you can buy the 24 hour pass and come back to Bacchanal and other buffets as many times as you like in the 24 hour time period.  In sum, if your in Vegas you must try the new king of all buffets and visit Bacchanal.
5	LOVE. I've been to the Wynn and Wicked Spoon buffets (albeit the Wicked Spoon for brunch not dinner) and the Bacchanal is the BEST hands down, but especially in the dessert area. We were seated at the large table overlooking the Roman Pools and the decor in the buffet is absolutely fresh and stunning. I've never been to a buffet that was able to do Chinese dim sum dishes properly, but the Bacchanal pulls it off. My only regret is that my stomach was not large enough to sample everything. I cannot wait to return. I pray to god that the quality stays the same.
3	This is one our favorite buffets here when we are talking solely about food.  Although it is on the pricier side, the food is prepared well and there are tons of options to choose from.However, the service is lacking (cashiers, hostesses and waiting staff).  They all seem unhappy, make weird comments that are more on the rude side and are quick to try to get you out even though you paid an arm and a leg to sit at a table.  The people preparing and serving the food behind the counter are a lot nicer and friendlier.  I'm not the only one who has said that. My friends and co-workers who have been here have said the exact same thing about the employees here.  We also notice that if you include the tip when you pay (despite the tip being a very generous amount), the waiting staff treat you with less respect than if you didn't give pay the tip ahead of time. All friends and I have now been putting the tip on the table prior to leaving the buffet so that we get treated better than in the past.
5	Ive tried most of the buffet  in town, but i could say this is the best buffet i ever been too. a lot of selections of food and most of all are live action stations. i brought my family here one time and they love it! looking forward to eat here again and i wont get tired going here. Pricey but all worth it.... I definitely suggest this buffet if your visiting Vegas or you live in town..
5	By far the best buffet I've been to.  Better than M or Wynn.  It's going to cost you, as it's quite pricey at $44.99 if you are a total rewards member.  You would have to focus in on the good stuff, as there too many things to try.  Described are the best things:Desserts - mochi ice cream, all kinds of flavors, green tea and mango are my favs.  vanilla bean creme brulee, sorbees - blood orange, watermelon mint, and mango chilli lime (that one is the best)Seafood - hamachi sashimi, crab legs have no salt added, perfect, other sushi is pretty good quality.Meats - beef brisket is da bomb intense smoke flavor and so tender, no sauce needed.  prime rib damn good, the best here is the roast duck, tastes like something out of a high end Chinese restaurant how did they do that, upon further inspection, saw real Chinese chefs cooking it... with ducks hanging and all!Go early and weekday if possible, the lines do get long.  Highly recommended and way worth the money (or rewards points for all you gamblers out there)!
5	Finally a decent and top choice-variety of tasting foods... Most of the buffets I tried in vegas at the other popular hotels were gross. One of the most pricey for a buffet in vegas but I think the food quality and variety make up for the price. I enjoyed the seafoods and beef brisket. Dessert section could have done better for taste, but they were alright. I went during lunch hours and they also served mimosas which was a big plus.
5	Big jump from before the renovation!  AMBIENCE:- Modern, new, chic, clean and elegantFOOD:- Selection comparable to Bellagio, M, and Wynn. - They baste your prime rib with oil and rosemary before serving preventing it from being dry.PRICE:- Comparable to big Las Vegas buffets.
5	I'll keep this brief... for my Yelp friends, please interpret this as my specific recommendation to eat here.  A few details:1) Wife and I stayed at the Trump (see my review) and ate here on a Sunday morning.  We got here before 10am and there was no line - Booya!  Pretty amazing we got here before 10 given the massive amounts of alcohol consumed the night before.  Sunday price included all you can drink champagne, which we imbibed a little, but not too much, being we had a 5 hour drive ahead of us.2) Food was amazing for buffet quality - wow.  I won't go into details, but my single favorite item was the mini Monte Cristo sandwiches.  Oh my God they were good.  I probably wouldn't even have noticed them if they weren't right next to the omelet station.  A lot of the items came in little tiny platters so you could try many different things.  Price was $90 two - so a little pricey.  But I have to say that this was probably the best buffet I've ever experienced.
5	This has to be the best buffet I have ever hit in Vegas!! Despite the long lines starting after 9 or 10 am, the variety of food is amazing. This place has a food option for every type of eater. Not only does it have options, but probably the highest quality food at a buffet I have ever witnessed. Bottomless champagne during breakfast and excellent staff:) My glasses were never empty and my used plates were never at my table for more then a couple minutes after finishing a plate.This is a must for any buffet or food fan hanging out in the Vegas Strip area.
5	OMG!! This is the KING of the buffets. With over 500 items to choose from, you really need to psyche yourself up to eat here.We checked out the YouTube site for this buffet before we attended and eagerly looked forward to experiencing it.So we journeyed to the buffet for breakfast and after walking around to "check it out" decided there was MORE than enough items to choose from, haha!However boring old me, who doesn't eat a lot of things, ended up being somewhat traditional and just a wee bit experimental.I ventured to the Asian and Italian stations and enjoyed dim sum, rice, miso soup, an omelet and some pizza.I ventured to the Tex Mex station and enjoyed an array of salsa with scrambled eggs.I ventured to the griddle station and enjoyed mini red velvet pancakes.I ventured to the dessert station and experienced several bite size sorbet flavored--chili mango, Thai tea, French toast, espresso, blood orange, etc.I also enjoyed French fries and even snow crab...yummmmeeee!To say the least I was full, stuffed and satisfied!
1	All show and no go,  snow crab other then king crab,  Italian station and Mexico syations tasted very salty, waited 20 min to get in, counted 25 empty tables,  deserts tasted weak, would not go back
5	I live here. I have visited every single BooFay you can imagine. Even the bad ones. This place is like sitting in a nightclub with bomb food. (no joke the music is great) And Endless great food. I don't think the bad reviewers have an experience of a proper range to determine what can be amazing food or not. The service was on target. They took the plates away immediately. No wait to get drinks filled up. ...So, the food..I can't say enough good things about all of it. ... All seafood was fresh. And amazing. If you don't know the difference. Don't bother. Especially the huge shrimp. Pizza, Salad, bread, sweet potato fries, au gratin potatos, pasta, asain food, all of it. A foodie would approve. And I swear it was Carlos Santana sitting next to us. Dude, if you like variety and good food and fun club music. Try this. You will have a super fun time. LOL !!
2	Normally I don't give 2 star's but I am going to give this over hyped buffet one for the first time being that I'm a buffet lover and have experience in tons of them to compare to.First off this is as I seen one if not the most expensive buffet's in town right now with myself paying $48 to get in even with a player's card.2nd off I have no clue how they got 500 dishes out of the mixture there is no way by far 500 dishes in this buffet there is the same amount of selection from stateion to station as any other typical big buffet in Vegas maybe there trying to hype up the fact you can CUSTOMIZE a dish up to 500 ways but either way I'm not buying it because I was expecting to see once again THE KING OF BUFFET'S here!Let's say the quality was very poor, the rice in some dishes tasted like rice in a bag, the Italian food was very bland nothing interesting or unique especially the meat balls tasted like frozen freezer selection. They didn't even serve steak so I had to settle on pork chops also that were very cheap in quality.. just the list goes on and on of just miss after miss of trying to hit the spot on quality and selection.The only positive thing I can say about this place is that my greeter was very nice and gave me a quick tour of the place and the server was a very nice gentleman which I tipped him accordingly but other then that I'll never return.
5	I can't even begin to explain how much I loved this place!! Basically... it had EVERYTHING!!! I took the strategic plan of skipping the salads as I wanted to try a little bit of most things.... buttttttt I still had to skip a lot because I was too full... It was a little expensive, but for the 6 plates of food and 3 drinks I got, I think it was worth it.
4	A buffet of truly epic proportions.  Since it was Chinese New Year weekend, they bumped prices to  $51/pp.  Overall, our party of seven had an excellent meal.  In terms of overall quality-to-value, I think Bacchanal is above Bellagio but slightly below Wicked Spoon.  Note also this restaurant is very large and loud - they play music and the background.Lines for the meat section were longer than the line to get in at 5pm.  The meat section has ample selections, with the smoked brisket and lamb chops being the stars.  The lamb was seasoned well and soft and succulent.  Mint jelly was available but the lamb had more than enough flavor.  I enjoyed the lamb so much I didn't even get a chance to try the prime rib or artisinal sausages.The other amazing dish was the corn tortilla steak tacos.  It had marinated grilled beef that was perfectly cooked and topped with a green sauce with a good dose of line.  The corn tortillas were warm and soft and definitely freshly made.  Probably one of the best tacos I've had anywhere.The wagyu beef sliders were juicy when I picked them, however two of my dining companions found them dry and over seasoned. Guess I was lucky - I had two of these tasty mini burgers without issues.Near the back of the restaurant you'll find the asian section along with sushi, followed by a salad bar.  Sushi was fresh and the rice was made perfectly.  Of the Asian dishes, probably the Chinese greens were the best.  They were stir fried with garlic to a point and cooked enough to where it still had crunch.  Strangely there weren't a whole lot of other cooked veggies at this buffet.  I tried some baby carrots and some corn cobs but that's about it.Fried items were also good - calamari baskets, spicy fried fish, fried chicken, sweet potato fries and tater tots, etc.  You get a hint of spice as you savor the sweet taste of the sweet potato.  Surprisingly low on greasy but high on crunchy!The seafood section was near the front of the restaurant, with fresh oysters, crab legs, etc.  Cooked items included halibut, which was cooked perfectly too.  Despite the cool decorations, I did not see any lobster or Alaska king crab :(Lastly, the dessert section was truly massive, probably one-upping Wicked Spoon.  The have gelato, mochi, and crepe sections.  Also, four varieties of the mini dessert cones and other tempting goodies on a stick.  The chocolate-dipped strawberries was something else - probably the biggest, ripest, and reddish strawberries I've ever seen.    This buffets selection is so massive you run the risk of getting too full early and missing out on some really unforgettable dishes.  My friend tasted one taco and then wound up getting three more before hitting the dessert section.  It's a bit pricier than other Vegas buffets, but their meat, dessert, and  Mexican, and fried selections are superior.  Everything else is similar to other buffets.
5	Hands down, Bacchanal Buffet is the BEST buffet on the Vegas strip!My recent trip to Vegas led me to staying at the Caesar's Palace hotel and instead of us traveling somewhere else on the strip to get our last meal in before heading back home, we decided to give the Bacchanal Buffet downstairs a try and I was not disappointed.AMBIENCE:The line to get in is long and for good reason - the food is GOOD!  *Tip:  Make sure you bring your Player's Club Card.  If you don't have one, make sure you visit the Player's Card Booth to sign up!  You will get a few dollars off of your buffet.  I got the mimosa buffet and the total came out to be $40 on a weekend.The seating inside is made to make you feel like it is spacious and open.  The beautiful blue glass decoratively placed throughout the restaurant makes the restaurant look very modern and clean.FOOD QUALITY:There is A LOT of variety here. For my very very particular parents, they could not stop raving about how wonderful the Asian section of the buffet was.  For myself, I could not resist the fried chicken (fried chicken, i love you!!) pho, and desserts. There seems to be something for everyone here - desserts, seafood, juices, red velvet pancakes, fries, tator tots, breakfast foods, sausages and other meats, italian food, mexican food, salads, noodles, sushi, and other Asian dishes.Some of the more memorable dishes:*There was actually meat on the crab legs and they tasted fresh!*The skin of the fried chicken was absolutely delicious!  The chicken also was super tender.* LOVED the noodle station.  *TIP:  Don't miss the noodle station! They serve pho!  The broth was delicious, the noodles were tender - one of the best pho I have had.* Dim sum - Ha gow is my favorite dim sum dish and they really got it right!  The shrimp inside was tender, tasty, and fresh!* Chow mein was amazing!  I had to go for seconds - packed with flavor!* I kept getting the coffee - it was so good and paired perfectly with my dessert.SERVICE:What sets Bacchanal Buffet apart from the other buffets on the strip is the service.  From the moment we sat down, our waitress was SUPER accommodating and on top of it!  She kept our coffee and the tea coming and came back very frequently to take away our dishes.  You will notice that it is not just the waitresses/waiters but the entire staff of Bacchanal.  You guys have it together and what a breath of fresh air it is to see!  Even those that are serving you from behind the buffet line are smiley and ready to help.  It truly made our experience here that much better!OVERALL:I have found my new favorite buffet on the Vegas strip.  Because of my wonderful experience here, I definitely have Bacchanal as a required stop to visit on my list whenever I come back to Vegas.  If you haven't come here yet, what are you waiting for? You deserve to give your taste buds some TLC!! :)
5	Come for lunch, stay for dinner! Bacchanal was really everything I've always wanted in a buffet and more: food that doesn't just look pretty but actually tastes good! Some of my favorites: -Their potato bar (sweet potato tots, breakfast potatoes, french fries, and more!)-Their meat station (prime rib, ribs, lamb chops, rib eye...drool)-Their seafood station (chilled crab legs, STEAMED crab legs--upon request!, OYSTERS!)-Their dessert station (sorbet/gelato heaven!--so many unique and tasty flavors, chocolate covered strawberries, creme brulee) -Unlimited mimosa (during lunch)Definitely beats M, Bellagio, Wynn, Wicked Spoon, and Spice Market buffet!
4	We went for breakfast, and it was a great time. This was a Tuesday so there was no line and the atmosphere was pretty relaxed. Loved the food. Wish I had a bigger stomach. There was such a large variety of foods, from good old fashioned American to Asian. I actually really liked having rice soup (congee) for breakfast. Made my day. I liked being able to have prosciutto and fresh crepes.One thing I didn't like was that our waitress kept looking at our receipt, which we had left of the table. It was weird and made me uncomfortable.
3	I went to the new Buffett at Caesars tonight with my family and we all raved about it! Sure it's expensive but the quality of food and the multitudes of choices were amazing. The only minor annoyance was when I went back for seconds to the carving station for turkey the server gave me a tiny piece. I continued to hold my plate and said keep going. He did but obviously they have been told to ration second portions. After paying $200 for the four of us I expect to get as much meat as I want!! The new remodel looks great and I'd go back in a heart beat!
5	Fresh shucked oysters! they have 4-5 guys standing around a huge ice tub full of oysters shucking them fresh. King crab, freshly steamed to order or cold as you wish...a meat carving station like something out of texas chainsaw massacre in the best possible way, which I loved. Wagyu sliders, its probably not real wagyu but its sure was the most delicious and perfectly grilled little piece of meat patty I ever had. sweet potato fries and tots YUM!. Japanese station offered a fresh sashimi salad with FRESH tuna and salmon. everything is pretty much served tapas style, small bites and portions. Mexican street tacos, made fresh off the griddle. dessert stations was also great had the berry pannecotta, and the french macarons ....OH those macarons....so many different flavors, the best was strawberry. fresh gelato! really excellent quality and selections of foods. I was very impressed and happy to return, soon I hope. however there is a wait, so be prepared or you can pay an extra $15 to jump the line. this buffet is included in the Buffet of Buffets for an additional $15 each time...but trust me its worth it!
5	Beautiful place. I really have to say that this place is the buffet of all buffets. They have ramen, pho, various cheeses, deli meats, Mexican food grill with a rotisserie for their asada, sushi(which was OK), freely made crepes, ice cream bar, freshly made souffle... worth the hour long wait!
5	We had heard sooo many good things about this place we had to try it, especially since we were staying at Caesar's. My group I was with tend to sleep in a bit so by the time we got downstairs it was 2:45. WE got in line and we were seated before 3pm. No so bad.... Also if you present your Rewards card, you got a discount $1 a person for lunch which is something. But we got the end of lunch and the beginning of dinner so we got pretty lucky. They had just about everything you could possibly think of to eat and everything had such great quality. I started out by going straight to the seafood and I got crab legs, ribs and their' "southern food." Which I thought was really tasteful. My next course was a mixture of the asian cuisine in the back and also more seafood. I was so very satisfied with this buffet... out of all the others I could think of. I thought that their food was very unique and it was all good quality. Their dessert bar is very very well done, with different small desserts like flan, cakes and they also had cake pops, macaroons, mochi and mini cupcakes. I would definitely come here again!
1	We arrived at about 6pm tonight.  I had a $50 food voucher for locals so I thought I would give this a try.  I was tempted to demand a refund but I kept thinking it had to get better.  First course was crab legs and several seafood items.  I asked for steamed crab legs and I got to the table and they were still refrigerator cold.  Every item I got off the hot seafood bar was still slightly refrigerated as well.  Next stop was the carving line.  I tried the sausage, brisket, prime rib and lamb chop.  Sausage was gross, brisket average, prime rib rubbery and bland and the lamb chop was average.I tried Italian next.  Pizza was room temp but burnt on the bottom.  Pasta was room temp.  Crepes were good and the man that did the carving was A+, as polite and helpful as could be.My son ate mostly kid stuff.  He complained that fruit was warmish and everything else he had was room temp.  I would have rather had Golden Corral.  I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.
5	We went to this new buffet for the first time on a Thurs night in Feb '13.... Having read all the hype and reviews both good and ba we were braced for whatever we might find. The first thing we did was purchase the Buffet of Buffet passes for $49.99 plus a $25.00 upcharge then agreed to eat our next 4 meals buffet style..thus each meal costing $18.75... for us a savings of about $60.00 each.  This took the sting out of this $50.00 buffet particulary! First off the wait on this Thurs night was only about 40 minutes in a line that moved quickly.  Once in, the restauraunt is beautiful and surprisingly calm for how many are dining there. We were very graciously greeted and introduced to the buffet. The decor and music were fantastic. All food stations were well stocked and looking good. Given the high cost of the meal I focused on King Crab, Jumbo Shrimp, Ribeye and Brisket. All were fantastic though the Ribeye was tough IMO. The green peach ice tea is beyond delicious.. Desserts were breathtaking and fun to sample several...the maccaroons were awesome!Service was basically pretty good though dishes could have been cleared alittle quicker.I do have to mention the cook who I asked about where to find the watermelon/feta salads I was so looking forward to...she apologised and said they would not be available that night then immediately offered to make one special for me...I was stunned! They are not that easy to make, and I told her that wasn't necessary...she kindly insisted...I was SO IMPRESSED ! That really blew me away..She is pictured in the photos I have submitted...We go to Vegas frequently and would recommend the all should try this terrific buffet!If this restaurant and Nobu are signs of the kind of quality the Caesar's properties are stepping up to that would be fantastic because overall their properties are starting to age and need this kind of major infusion to keep us coming back...we were impressed!
5	Definitely Vegas' new fave Buffett!  They offered tons of food selection using top ingredients. The oyster is fresh and the rack of lamb was cooked to perfection! Chicken ginseng soup taste really authentic, just like mom's ^^.
5	What else can we add?  The hands-down BEST BUFFET we've tried in Vegas!Great selection of fresh seafood (oysters, clams, crab legs).Great Kobe sliders!  Melt-in-your-mouth prime rib.  Bone-in ribeye.  Everything was FRESH and excellent.  Desert was not the best we've had but who has room for desert anyway?
5	This is unequivocally the best bloody buffet in Vegas, and now there's no way I'll ever visit Vegas without a pit stop here. They've really raised the bar on buffet food quality. I ate until my stomach (the organ) had shooting pain from all the food I managed to stuff down. Damn you, amateur stomach, I wish you could handle more of that good stuff!Tips: - Oysters and oyster shooters are served beginning 3:00pm! - If you're staying at Caesar's Palace, it might be worth it to get a 24 hour pass to stop by for food any time within a 24 hour period.- Most of the food stations have items there that are order-only and off menu. - Their ramen is freakin delicous. Okay, that's not a tip but I needed to include it somewhere.- Your Player's club card gives you a $1 discount- Our price was $41.99 but this number may be a moving target. I wouldn't be surprised to find it higher the next time I come due to the high demand.
5	At the Bacchanal Buffet we consume delicious items such as: perfectly smoky black pepper edged bacon, miniature Monte Cristo sandwiches, amazingly moist and succulent beef brisket, lox (salmon) shaped like rose buds, mini cast iron skillets carrying eggs prepared over easy with skirt steak strips resting on top, flan, gelato bar with interesting flavors (ex. Baklava, sticky toffee).The quality is very high which does warrant the high sticker price...if you can do some damage.
5	HMMMM, changes being made here as Ceasars tries to figure out how to make money at this buffet.  First off prices have gone up!  Dinner is $46.95 mon-thur and $54.95 fri-sun.  You can still buy a 24 hour buffet pass but it is no longer worthwhile if you intend to use it on Bacchanal.  The pass is $55 plus $25 extra EVERY time you eat at Bacchanal whether it is breakfast, lunch or dinner.  In effect it is cheaper just to pay the regular price if you intend to eat at Bacchanal more than once.Portion size has also been changed for a few items, the lobster corn chowder is in a smaller ramakin and no longer contains large pieces of lobster.The made to order souffles are no longer in a ramakin and are being baked in foil cups, leading to the soufflies being over cooked.The changes being made are sort of alarming as it makes you wonder if Caesar's will be able to continue this fabulous buffet or will quality suffer down the road.
1	This buffet was a big disappointment! I paid ~$40/person for lunch including 18% tips mandatory for having 6 people or more. There was no crabs! no lobsters! The clams were not satisfying since they make you eat it with corns, potatoes, veggies...What a rip-off!
4	THE LINE IS HORRIBLE...1 pm in the afternoon and I waited 2 hours... I hate buffets in Vegas for this one reason.. Once you get by the frustrations of standing near coughing and sneezing sick tourists, and people standing so close to you it feels like they are talking in your ear then you should be fine. The food was really good. The servers were always quick to give you a refill on your drink. I went to every station to try one of everything. The sweet potato tots was my favorite out of everything! Greasy yes, but truly addicting! Only thing I didn't like was the lasagna. Bit on a onion and I almost gagged! Hate surprise onions in food lol.  The dessert selection was so large! Every dessert you can think of was there! Brownies, CHECK! Ice cream, CHECK! Macaroons CHECK! Very good food but I honestly wouldn't go back though if the line was to long.. I am to impatient. I think there is way to much food in Vegas to have to wait 2 hours for it.
5	We are known here for our excess and opulence in everything- our dining is no exception, as you'll see if and when you go to Bacchanal.It's the newest and largest buffet here at the strip, beating out even the highly praised Wicked Spoon over at the Cosmopolitan, also fairly new and was the first in town to incorporate the tapas-style buffet.Great interior, great service, great everything.  The ONLY thing that separates the Bacchanal from the Wicked Spoon is that the Wicked Spoon has more 'chef-conceived' dishes, unique to itself and undefined by a cultural cuisine.  Bacchanal has your regular items respective to major world cuisines, just made very well with very good ingredients.Soft, soft wagyu beef sliders, soft char siu bao, the biggest selection of prepared meat I have seen, tuna/salmon poke salad with the squishiest and freshest fish; everything is just amazing.Only downside is that it IS expensive, but is much, MUCH worth the money versus the buffet at the Wynn or Bellagio.If you have to eat only at one buffet in our city, it must be this one.
4	Ate here soon after they opened. With two children, waiting over two hours was a pain. However, we soon found that by paying an extra bit of money, we could cut in line- and we did. Service was great, and the food was AMAZING.Unlike other buffets, where some dishes are disgusting and simply discarded- we ate everything on our plates! We can't wait to go back!
3	Honestly, it was OK.I wanted to like it, I really did.  Bacchanal is extremely hyped up and some of my friends even raved about it - I just couldn't get into it too much.  It's also one of the more pricey hotel/casino buffets.  A friend and I went around 7-8PM on a weeknight, and thankfully the line wasn't more than 15 minutes.The selection felt like a normal buffet selection: seafood station, carving station, asian station with ramen & pho, pasta, cheese & charcuterie bar, etc. etc.  They did have a neat little area where they were making honey.  That contraption was cool looking.  The only things I remember really sticking out were the taco station and dessert.  There were 3 different types of tacos available and a cook making them to order.  They were delicious and I actually broke unspoken buffet code and went back for seconds. :p For dessert, they have a crepe station where you can douse your crepe in toppings and drizzles galore.  I ended up with nutella with a side of crepe and fresh fruit. :) All in all, it was a pretty forgettable experience and definitely overrated.  I'd much rather spend the money at Wicked Spoon.
5	This is a delayed review from November 2012.We had walked by at dinner time the night before and the line was ridiculously long. The thing about restaurants with long lines is that it usually means good food is being served. Unfortunately, we had reservations elsewhere and could only look through the windows with envy at the people getting plates full of cold and hot crab.We went back the next day at around 9:15 am and got seated near the crepe station. Like many other Vegas buffets, there were plenty of types of foods to choose from Unfortunatelly one of the choices was not cold shrimp or crab (sigh). Okay fine, so I'll have to settle for a freshly made crepe that I get to dress, bowl of ramen with wonton added, sweet potato fries served in little pails, and tater tots served in wire baskets. We know there was more but it's been a couple of months. There was also fresh squeezed orange, watermelon and cucumber juices available from our server. The OJ was good but they ran out of the watermelon and cucumber didn't not sound particularly appealing to us though it's probably great when you're hot.Oh, the service. Every employee on the dining room floor was friendly and accommodating. Our server made sure that she introduced us to her partner while she went on a break. Even though the line of new customers was beginning to back up, we never felt rushed. We stayed so long just nibbling, drinking coffee and chatting that we got a chance to try a few lunch items and see the lunch offerings before leaving at 11:30.  Oyster shooters for the win!
3	This was not as good as I hoped it would be.  The line was long, very long, even at 9:30 in the evening, and because of that, I forked out the extra $15 to go into the express line.  The set up is huge and there are plenty of things to choose from.  I was very happy to find some quality ahi tuna and could have ate just that and dessert.  In an effort to mix it up, I tried a little more than that and discovered that the only things I really enjoyed was the stuff that wasn't really cooked (the tuna, the crab legs and salads).  The ice cream mochi was delicious as were many of the other dessert offerings.  However, the main dishes, soups and sides all seemed to have a ton of salt and got to the point of just too much.  Even the soy sauce was way too salty, if that is even possible.Of the buffetts we tried in Vegas, this was most definitely not my favorite but certainly the most painful to my wallet.
3	Maybe I was just expecting to be blown away because of the Yelp reviews, but I was genuinely disappointed when I finally got to go to Bacchanal. This was the one Vegas buffet I decided to splurge on during my latest Vegas trip, and I really wish I went elsewhere. The set-up is undeniably impressive with eeeeendless bars of fresh dishes from every food genre imaginable. Everything looked lovely and I was always excited to go back to my table and try things out. While there were a few dishes that I loved (and that combined with the great service resulted in my 3 stars), I unfortunately found myself finding more things that I didn't like :(My favorites:-The Mexican food! I don't usually go for Mexican at buffets, but every meat dish looked incredible - and they all were! My favorite here by far.-The chicken fingers. I loved the presentation in the little baskets and the flavor was very rich and unique.-Prime rib-Glazed carrots. INCREDIBLE!-Mac and cheese-The ice cream/gelato bar!! I had baklava and coconut, and I wanted sooo many more!My gross list:-Roasted duck. I've never had duck before and I thought it was alright, but my boyfriend tried it and said it was awful (he's had it many times). Weird texture I guess?-Sliders. Waaay too greasy!-Sushi. I heard good things on here but I was disappointed in the quality and selection.-Chili and cornbread-Shrimp and grits-Yogurt parfaits-Red velvet cake. I'm a baker/red velvet lover and this was a disgrace to the dessert!!-Italian dishes. Veeery plainWe were here on a Wednesday for lunch, and at $33.99 each the quality should have been 5x what it was. I'll only be back if the price drops (ha!) or I end up with a comp somehow :P
4	Presidents Day weekend FAIL on the "come for lunch, stay for dinner" tactic. If we had gotten there 15-20 minutes earlier (1:30-2pm instead of after 2pm), we probably would have just made it. It's just that we waited over 1.5 hours in that ridiculous line, and it seemed to get worse (but great for King Caesar!) from there on out through the rest of the afternoon and evening. It sounds like these lines (for most buffets) are only this bad during peak times and especially over holidays/holiday weekends, so plan accordingly. It's expensive (dinner is $52 and I think I heard lunch is $42 or around there). You can pay an extra $15 for the express line if you don't want to wait like the rest of the lemmings. I noticed, for a good 5-10 minutes, it seemed like the cashiers were standing around and not ringing people up (probably a "counter-tactic" to push it to 3pm and try to get the rest of these people in at the dinner price). Even after paying, we still had to wait 15-20 minutes to get a table. In the end, we probably waited close to 2 hours. Fortunately, we had no plans until at 7:30pm for the Beatles LOVE show...So once we finally got into the buffet, I went straight to the seafood line and loaded up on king crab (they had snow crab too I think). There were oysters as well, but they kept on disappearing too fast - apparently the ratio of shuckers to consumers was severely lacking. One of the shucker guys dumped four oysters directly onto my plate after I stood there waiting for a few minutes though. The oysters were super fresh! So much so that my wife, not an oyster-eater, thoroughly enjoyed hers. The king crab legs were OK - some that we got weren't completely defrosted in some parts, so I found myself eating small bits of king crab ice at times. That said, Dungeness is still my favorite.... it's too bad they didn't have any of that cause I would have gone buck wild on it. Man, I felt like a kid in a candy store... now, the last time we made a quick "pit stop" in Vegas, we checked out Wicked Spoon. I was thoroughly impressed with that. But this is like Wicked Spoon x2, as another reviewer alluded to. It's literally almost twice as big. Amazing.So I made it over to the meat station and picked up a nice chunk of brisket and a lamb chop. The lamb chop was pretty bomb. The brisket was okay. My wife got some prime rib, which looked good but by the time I stuffed myself with everything else I didn't get a good look or taste of it. She also got the spicy sausage and boy was it spicy. IMHO, the meat station at Wicked Spoon has the slight edge here. Other interesting stuff I picked up: Fried chicken & sweet potato fries - I didn't enjoy this as much because I was stuffed from the plates of king crab we destroyed. It was good though, and I thought the fries were pretty awesome (I think they were drizzled or coated in honey!)Sushi - I only had one piece but it was pretty fresh. Shiao long bao - yes, they did have these. And surprisingly they weren't bad - soupy and flavorful as expected.Pho and tonkatsu ramen - the broth was slightly lacking but the option to even offer these was pretty impressive.I was looking forward to "chunks of honeycomb" that someone spoke of in another review. Disappointingly, I only saw a display of it (not sure if it was a fake display or real too) behind glass. I did get some "honeycomb honey" which was pretty good though.As far as dessert, we were pretty impressed but so stuffed full that we could hardly enjoy anything. Creme brulee, flan, mochi, gelato, chocolate covered strawberries...... EXPLODE! We seriously couldn't eat anymore... but then I just had to get a slice of pizza to cap it all off.It all became somewhat overwhelming after a while, but I'd say the top things to consider: OYSTERS, crab (of course), lamb chops, spicy sausage, sushi, fried chicken.One thing I almost fainted over when I saw it was a large hot table (ala Mongolian BBQ). They were utilizing it to grill in the Mexican section, but I thought to myself "wouldn't it be crazy if they had Mongolian BBQ?" That would take things to another level, IMHO.Too much to write about... too much thinking. Still digesting. Until next time, maybe. But only on a non-holiday, off-peak hour, and for lunch going on dinner.
5	Amazing food. Lots of  choices. A little bit of everything. I love it here. Favorite buffet of all time. Try it. You won't be disappointed.
3	I've been waiting for weeks to eat here. Even more than that, I've been waiting to mark my 5 stars and add Bacchanal to my list as the best buffet in Vegas. Unfortunately I didn't get to do any of those. There's not a lot I can say bad about this place. Overall, it was a good experience, but it wasn't the best there is. First of all, I parked in the garage and found it difficult to find once I was inside Caesars. There were no signs to the buffet until you're almost there. We asked four employees along the way. One person didn't have a clue. Once we got there, a long line awaited us. On a positive note, we only had to wait 25 minutes. We got there on a Monday at 10:00. I can't imagine what the wait is like on a weekend. The great thing about getting there after 10 is that they start changing the food line at 11. You get the end of breakfast and the beginning of lunch. Hmmm...I believe that is called brunch. Oh....there is a big price difference between breakfast and lunch. The facility is beautiful. It is large enough to walk between tables without disturbing others. Yelpers comment about how expensive it is, but I think it is well worth the money. The food was very good. I was stuffed when I left. For breakfast I had bacon (greasy and fatty), red velvet pancakes (just OK), sweet potato tots (scrumptious), biscuit (OK), scrambled eggs (runny), shrimp and grits (OK). I tasted my partner's french toast and it was very good. For lunch I had dim sum (all that I tried was very good), paella (good and an unusual dish for a buffet), BBQ spare ribs (smoky). I didn't bother waiting in line for the very small salad bar. I tasted my partner's very good fried chicken. There were a lot of food choices and the food was a little above average for a buffet. There were no signature dishes that would be unique to Bacchanal such as some of the dishes you will find at the Wicked Spoon. Actually, the way that the food was displayed and served makes you think that the designers spent a lot of time checking out the Wicked Spoon as they were designing this place. Unfortunately, they didn't bring over the chefs.Lastly...the desserts. I only had the red velvet cake and carrot cake. They were both very good. I usually hate the nasty carrot cakes at buffets, but the bakery stepped up to the plate and hit a home run with the carrot cake. My friends had different desserts and said that they were all fabulous. The coffee was good. I don't like to do buffets because I tend to overeat. I can't imagine that I would ever go back to to this one unless I was with someone that insisted upon going there. I'd much rather go the the M or the Wicked Spoon.
4	Yumm........I have been to many buffets, and this one is definitely above all.  My wife and I had a disappointed buffet at Wynn,and decided to try out this one to compensate for the bad experience.  In comparison, it's really day and night.  Not only it has more selections, but even the same food tasted much better. As soon as you bite into the food, you can tell it was really made by a good chef indeed.  Most of the buffets would only have few items being great while rest of them are average.  Not in this one.  I would say 90% of the food is way above average.  They even have oyster, tonkushu ramen and mochi which I have never seen available in other buffet place.  Yes, it's expensive (had it been like $40 or so, it would be five stars), but it's really a great tasting experience that you should definitely try while you are in las vegas.
4	Mm, I'd like to give it 3.5 stars.  Bacchanal Buffet is in Ceasar's Palace, beyond the casino and near the desserts cafe. You can't miss it, it's where the HUGE line is.  We must have gotten there by 12pm and didn't get seated for another 1hour and 40 minutes.  line was crazy.  We got there and ordered the bottomless mimosas, which end at 3pm. We paid about $41.99 for Sunday's lunch.  There was a good variety of food there. There's asian foods in the back (sushi, peking duck, ramen, udon noodle soup, etc), then cheese and charcuterie, pizza and pasta (the meatballs were really good), then there's your mexican/latino station (it's more like a taco station), BBQ station (some were really dry. I got the ribeye and that was juicy but really fatty), french fries and tator tots (sweet potatoe tots were really good), then lastly, your seafood station. The seafood station had snow crabs, oysters, and shrimp. I wanted to see some more stuff like lobster tails, maybe steamed mussels, but none of those were available.  Salad station was limited but I liked the garbanzo salad and the japanese seaweed salad.  Dessert station was AWESOME. get the lava chocolate chip cookie, mochi ice creams, and coconut macaroons. So good. We also got a ice cream cone on the way out of the buffet.  I highly recommend it, it was a good experience and worth the wait.
5	my second review on this, and it is still 5 stars.  The quality is still very high, and plenty of options to choose from.  Keep it up Ceasar's,  you're doing a great job!!
4	Went there for breakfast with family.  Very similar to Wicked Spoon buffet at Cosmo.  Great selection of food...specially like the back section with the Asian food.  You can order your own noodles, they have dim sum, miso and congee.  Better to get discount somehow using rewards card or something...otherwise get ready to pay about $80 for a family of four for breakfast during the mid week.
2	After reading rave reviews on Yelp I decided to give this a try.  Boy, was I disappointed!  We made the mistake of going for dinner while having a show to catch afterwards.  So we decided to pay the extra $15 express fee to jump the line.  The decision shortened our otherwise 2-hour wait to a mere 15 minutes, followed by another 15-minute wait to be seated.  After we got seated, I was flabbergasted to find that half the tables were empty and many were simply not cleared from the previous seating.  We then went to get our food, only to stand in the "seafood line" for yet another good 20 minutes.  The reason is, I guess, after paying an exorbitant amount of money and wasting a good 30 minutes (or 2.5 hours, if you didn't pay the extra $15) of your life in lines, everyone went for what is perceived to be the most expensive items:  fresh oysters and freshly boiled crab legs.  Once you get your food (and assuming you are smart so you get the less popular items last so they don't get cold while you wait 20 minutes for your oysters and crab legs) it is tasty, but not spectacular.  The food is too salty for me.  I read a previous review where someone said it is their way to stuff your bellies with liquids.  Well, I fell victim to it and drank lots of water.  The service is just OK.  We had to ask to get our water glasses refilled and we got a dirty glass (bright red lipstick and you can't see it before you put that on our table????)  The seats are too low and tables too high, particularly for short people like me.  Wonder if they were designed that way to kick us out quickly.  By comparison, my experience at the Bellagio was way better and my experience at the Wynn the night before was more pleasant even though the food is a notch down.  In short, I will not come here again and I do not recommend it.
3	After waiting 45 minutes and getting no closer to the start of the line, we decided to pay extra to get in earlier. While their variety is great, being told (suggested, by a sign) that I can only stay for 2 hours to feed my fat face, was a little annoying.  Then being told, by the cooks, who are sitting there in front of me, WHILE SHUCKING THE OYSTERS that were making my mouth water, that I could not get them for another 3 hours just annoyed the shit out of me.All in all, the food was good. Great even - Specially taken into account that this is all a buffet... Time restrictions just bothered me... $50ish per person, and getting oyster teased left me unhappy... All I wanted was some oysters to fill out the rest of my meal...Sad Panda
5	HIGHLIGHTS: Made-to-order souffles, vanilla ice cream, freshly-shucked oysters, steamed crab legs (upon request!), wagyu sliders, peach iced tea, lotus-wrapped pork and rice, truffle scalloped potatoes, taco bar, charcuterie and cheese sections, crispy peking duck skin, Chinese soup dumplings. Worth every penny. Every other Vegas buffet can give up now. Everything there is delicious, but the amazing food makes the still-above-average food seem mediocre.LOWLIGHTS: your stomach has a capacity.
2	I had such high expectations after the last visit to Bacchanal Buffet. After the hiking trip we stayed overnight at Las Vegas just so we could go to Bacchanal Buffet again, but, after all the excitement, the food didn't turn out as great as I remembered it to be, especially with the prices we paid and the time we waited.Maybe it's because of the Chinese New Year, or maybe because it's the President Day weekend, prices were $49.99 with Total Rewards card, and there was a 2hr line at around 8pm. As we've experienced the much longer Thanksgiving hype, we were prepared to wait for it.At the pay counter, they gave us small little silicon plate grabbers and said to use that because some of their plates tend to be hot, and I thought that was a very nice gesture.After we were sat, we all went to the seafood counter right away, because it always has the longest line ever, and of course, I couldn't wait for those yummy oysters! After waiting patiently for my turn, I filled up a plate full of freshly shucked oysters as well as a few oyster shooters and went back to my table a happy gal.The oyster shooters were still very good, but I couldn't help but notice the oysters were generally smaller than what I had the last time. And as I wolf down the delicacies (I was very hungry after a day's hiking and standing in line), I also got more of the broken off shells into my mouth. It's understandable I guess, with only one person shucking the oysters but so many people waiting on them, one cannot expect the staff to wipe the debris and broken shells off... As I ate a few more pieces, I found myself actually using the lemon wedges because the oysters had just gotten too fishy without the lemons. Uh Oh, that's not good! Oysters weren't fresh enough! But hey, it's 10pm right, it's been a whole day right, can't expect them to still be fresh at so late a time right. Except, I've had perfectly shucked fresh juicy oysters on my Thanksgiving trip at 10pm also! But I just love oysters, so who cares about how fresh the oysters were when I can have as many as I want right? Yeah... that's what I thought, until I bit into one that had gone bad! I've had oysters at other buffets, granted, they were the cheap big chunky version and didn't taste that great, but none I've had at a buffet had actually gone bad. I couldn't believe my luck when I had this happen at a supposedly top tier buffet. After that incident, my appetite for seafood just went whoosh.With no more craving for seafood, I was left to explore the many other options offered at Bacchanal. So I walked around the place abit, noticed that they offered nigiri but no sashimi at the Japanese station, and was further put off. The plus side is the rice that came was the nigiri was smaller than at other buffets, but it still wasn't sashimi where you can have as many raw fish as you want, and I do feel bad leaving all the rice uneaten, so I ended up not getting any from the Japanese station.The tater tots and sweet potato tots were still very good, though not as crispy as I wished. I guess they were left on the station for too long, and the kitchen definitely won't be making more as they were close to closing.At the Chinese station I've noticed a small black-brownish pot, and the tag said "black chicken soup". Now that's something nice! As I tried to pick up the pot, it was still way too hot for my sensitive fingers, so I remembered the plate grabber I got at the counter, except the pot is too thick for the grabber to work! Urgh! With no utensils around to help me pick up the pot, I was forced to pick up the pot with my fingers. Sigh... the things we do for food... The a bit burned fingers were well worth the sacrifice, because the soup was just soooo tasty! I definitely recommend everyone to try out their black chicken soup! (Unless you are into heavy flavors, then you'll find the soup to be flavorless or too light.)My second favorite of the night was the mochi. Sadly you can only get two at a time, but several trips back to try out all the flavors were worthwhile the time. The ice cream wasn't too sweet, so it can act as a good palette refresher as well. The rice was soft and almost creamy, unlike the usually sticky and chewy mochi you buy at the frozen section of a supermarket. Definitely try them out when you visit.Overall... I'm disappointed with this time's visit. The food in general just wasn't as fresh nor tasty as the last time. For the price I pay and the time to wait in line, I don't think it's worth it to visit Bacchanal again.
2	Highly overrated..... Everything in this buffet looks gorgeous, I can't argue that at all. I have never seen such a huge selection of foods at a buffet in my entire life. Everything looked wonderful and unique.... but nothing tasted that way. Everything was bland, the fish was NOT fresh, and not one thing impressed me. The chili and little tacos were probably the best things we had..... We were really disappointed. Everything was cold or melted by the time we got it back to our table. This buffet would be absolutely amazing if all of the various foods they served that look so great, were actually good.... It's not worth the price nor the hype, and it's definitely not worth the extra $25 when doing the buffet of buffets.... I would never go back here.
5	Enjoy the quality food here,one of my favorite for 2013 Beef with asparus,Macarons,Snow crab,King crab,Steak,Chinese food,Fresh pizza,Mussels,Wish I can give them 6 stars
4	Currently the best buffet in LV. I love how they give you the option of hot or cold crab legs (if hot-they are prepared for you right then and there). There is a wide selection of food ranging from ramen (the broth was actually quite good) to wagyu sliders (overcooked). I do appreciate that everything is portioned out for you so that food doesn't go to waste. Try coming at off hours to avoid waiting for hours. The first time I came to Bacchanal the wait time was 3-4 hours. Hell no. I came back the next day and only waited around 40 minutes.
5	One of the BEST buffets in Vegas at this current point and time! Went with a group of 6 people who agree. So I know I am not crazy!!You can tell that they put a good amount of effort into every single item. Go for Brunch!!!
3	For $50 a person, it's three stars but if it's $35 or $40 a person, I would say four stars.  Anyway Bachanal at Caesar's Palace is probably the best buffet along with Wicked Spoon in Vegas.  There are a variety of selections which makes it stand out.  From lamb chops to ribeye to crab legs to pho and ramen, there are a plethora of selections.  I think you have to do at least one buffet in Vegas and if you haven't try Bachanal, you should try it out.
3	For a buffet the food is as good as it gets. There is a catch....the price you pay to get in can buy you the same type of meal (slightly better quality) without the variety. I'm not a buffet fan, as a matter of fact this will probably be the last time I hit a buffet this year! Food: Variety variety variety! There was just too much food and not enough stomach. The quality was really good for a buffet. Surprisingly had the best Bbq pork bun in the Asian section. Yes, I said BBQ PORK BUN. I know what you're thinking...wtf is he eating a Bbq pork bun at a high end buffet for? Try it and you be the judge. If you like deserts you will absolutely love this place! Service: This is a buffet....Environment: Buffets tend to transform polite individuals into crazy pushy individuals who will toss you aside if you look at their prime rib too longPrice: The most expensive buffet I've been to....but for the quality and variety I guess it is okay...Food: 5Service: 3Environment: 3Price: 3
5	I am so so glad that we tried the Bacchanal Buffet for lunch - absolutely amazing, delightful, delicious, yummy.. It is literally a mile long buffet with various cuisines including chinese, japanese, salads, italian, mexican, carvery, seafood, fresh juices and dessert. Highlights include:- Beer boiled shrimp (delicious)- Shrimp cocktail - Mussels- Clams- Corn on the cob- Chicharones - Sweet potato tater tots- Chow mein - Kung pao chicken- Spicy fish- Dim sum- Desserts (gelato, baba, creme brulee)- Melon and carrot juiceAnd the chic + modern setup and decor complements the yummy food, This will be the first place I'll visit, next time I am in Vegas!
3	This place is so so. Very expensive.They increased the price to $45 bucks per person. $49 dollars including tax. Don't come here if you have heart disease and high blood pressure. Food is super salty!!!  I've been here twice and it seems the same. Service is great though. The food? only so so because the seafood stand is super sour. all of their ceviche and gazpacho is so sour. The only thing that was good there was the shrimp. Very succulent and juicy. Paella was ok. Everything else there was so so. The cooked crab legs were super salty. My bf was ok with it though. The halibut was super dry too. Salmon was not bad. The meat stand was ok. Only the lamb chops are divine. brisket was dry, prime rib is slightly over cooked. Veal was super dry.  Ribs were actually really good and tender. The mexican food stand was really salty too. the carne asada so so salty. I tried to eat the taco but threw it away bc it was so salty. The italian food was also very salty. sausage was almost inedible bc it's so salty. Get the trend here?Chinese food was also very salty. Their cheese selection is only has 5 cheeses available. seriously? Their dessert is actually pretty good. Nice selection. It's a bit better than Wicked Spoon for dessert.  Nice selection of gelato and different desserts. I would come back to here but  only to eat the lamb chops and eat dessert and maybe the shrimp.
2	We wanted to go here because my grandma had heard that they serve lobster and there is a showcase with lobster in the front.  It was about 8pm and the line was pretty long.  The buffet is about $50 per person and you could pay $15 extra to go into the express line - no thank you.  After waiting about 30 minutes - the entire time I was looking at yelp for what was good here.  No mention of lobster.  So I got out of line and asked the cashier in the express line and she said they only serve crab legs - no lobster.  Oh well - at least on this day it wasn't worth the wait.  There are a lot of buffets in Las Vegas (apparently none of them serve lobster from my research in line).  We'll come back when the line is shorter.
2	I'm not sure that I just ate at the same place as these other folks. The crab was frozen solid, the grits were runny, the coffee had something floating around in it, the cupcakes were dry as hell and the prime rib didn't do much either. For the revues I read and the steep price of this bad boy, I expected so much more. The buffet at Paris yesterday was far superior to this one. The Creme Brule and Brown Butter Carmel Gelati were tasty.
5	Great food! Better than bellagio buffet. Lots of options. We loved it!
4	Pretty amazeballs.  We came for breakfast, which is $19.99 on weekdays.  The first thing I noticed was elegance.  It's the prettiest, cleanest, most chic looking buffet I've ever seen.  There were several egg dishes, including two kinds of eggs benny, an omelet chef at your service, tons of scrambleds, a mini quiche in a mini cast iron skillet (this one had zero flavor).  There's a thin crust pizza with a sunny side up quail egg and panceta, which is REALLY good.  I didn't try the other breakfast pizzas.There was Chinese dim sum, which was unexpected.One of the tastiest dishes was papas con chorizo.  Another favorite was the fried chicken in the mini basket, which came with a small waffle that got too crispy under the heat lamp unforch but the chicken was great.  I also enjoyed the sweet potato tots, which seemed to have a maple sugar flavor.  There were also loads and loads of different meats, sausages, bacons, the best I've ever seen at a buffet.  There is also bacon they can carve for you if you prefer it fresh from the slab and fried to your liking.Tons and tons of pastries at every turn but I skipped them.  Instead, I tried to eat only the things I don't eat at home, like the Thai Tea sorbet.  I think there were about 18 fancy sorbet flavors that you can get in a dish and add toppings OR in one of 3 kinds of waffle cones.  Oh, and a large fresh juice selection, each in cute mini jugs.  There was so much I didn't try this time.  However, it was well worth the $20+tip.  And everyone was so cordial.  I was very pleased. So pleased, I did NOT want to leave.  I just wanted to sit there and wait til I was hungry again.TIP::: If you're there on a Friday morning, you can skip the long wait by arriving early, say, no later than 9am.  So, don't wake up hungover.  Instead, wake up bright and early and ready to eat!
5	Having been to the old buffet at Caesar's which Bacchanal replaced I can say the difference is literally night and day. The old one was arguably the worst buffet on the strip and most of the friends I went with agreed. Yes I know what some of you are thinking. I went multiple times even tho it was horrible since different friends wanted to try it. :/Tried the new buffet 3 times now and I daresay it might be the best buffet in all of Las Vegas now.It is also probably one of the most expensive buffets in all of Las Vegas with weekend dinner peaking around $45. And while it's new and uber popular the lines are insanely long unless you have a handy Total Rewards Diamond or 7Star card to bypass this(which I was fortunate enough to do all 3 times). Or buy a line pass for $15 or 20 extra I think? That being said, I believe it's DEFINITELY worth the money. Alot of higher end items offered on the buffet would cost you alot more if you decided to dine elsewhere and order the same items. Very large selection of foods, the place is broken down into 5 or 6 different buffets I think? The service is really good but one time our server cleaned the table thinking we had left but he apologized and quickly fixed that. My friend and I laughed wondering if the server thought we were done and left without leaving no tip! LOLAnyways, definitely a must try at least once!
2	Wicked spoon is by far by favorite Vegas buffet, but after reading reviews about how it's "fallen off" we decided to try Cesar's. It's the only decent buffet I haven't been to. Standing in line eagerly, even after we heard it'd be a 45 minute wait. I was excited, and hungry! Buffets are my absolute favorite, I get bored easily, so I usually opt for sushi or tapas so I can try a few things at once. Finally when we were seated the excitement continued, oooh Asian station, ahh seafood! Ramen and pho?? I decided to head for the Asian station first, which had some " sushi " and dim sum. The sushi immediately made my stomach turn and all of a sudden my hunger had vanished. The salmon was a burnt orange color.. On the verge of turning brown and the tuna just looked rotten. I was quite shocked as I saw alot of people still opting for the sushi..but I looked again and realized everyone I saw was non asian. Hmph, I decided to steer clear - I've had food poisoning once and it's definitely no fun. Had some dim sum which was really authentic - ( up to par with elite) The fresh shrimp was good, The king crab legs were decent, but I had a few frozen pieces which were a huge turn off. I understand that happens at Asian buffets, but c'mon! Seriously Cesar's?! The prime rib line was ridiculous, stood in line for another 20 minutes. But I figured hey, this must be their best dish - but no :( my slice was far too overcooked, and I don't know who said it's better than Lawrys, but they're smoking crack. The ramen and pho were surprisingly not bad. Not the best I've ever had but actually decent. Btw they don't have hoison for the pho, only sirracha.The sliders looked ridiculously good oozing with cheese, but yet again overcooked. If you like your patty well done - this dish is for you. All in all my favorites were the juice section & dessert. The juice selection had fresh cucumber, tomato, grapefruit and a few others. the cucumber tasted so fresh, lovely after a night of drinking vegas. The dessert section had an amazing  lava cake. Not overly sweet, just perfect. I was quite sad they had no macarons though :( they are only made for dinner. They had a variety of gelato flavors I've never heard of, so that was cool. Try thai tea :) Also - maybe this buffet was better once upon a time, because half of the dishes in the pictures were nonexsistent when I went. I probably won't be returning , for $110 after tax and tip for a party of two - the juice and dessert weren't THAT good. I'd rather go to wicked spoon or the buffet at m resort.
5	Waaaaah.... *heavenly music plays*THE HOLY GRAIL OF BUFFETS!With so many buffets in Vegas, it's hard to pick just one to eat at. My stomach only has space for ONE buffet while I'm visiting Vegas. Forget that 24 hour buffet pass. You'll find me passed out in the middle of the buffet tray if I ever tried doing that. The Wicked Spoon used to be my #1 stop, but then I heard Ceasar's Palace had the next great thing. I had to check out it out!And then there was the line........... O_OJust when you thought the line was over, there was another line. The hubby and I waited an hour and a half until we were seated. According to the employees there, that wait time was SHORT. Over two hours is the norm.The buffet is normally about $40/person with lunch being cheaper, but because we were there during Thanksgiving, they had a "holiday price" of $55/person. Bah humbug. Once we got inside, we were just OVERWHELMED. Sooooo much food. Soooo many people! There was every kind of Asian cuisine, Italian, Mexican, American... eeeeeeverything. The most popular (and longest!) line was the line for the king crab legs. You can have them cold or have them warmed up by the staff. They'll give you a good amount at a time, but you know one visit just isn't enough! I can feel my cholesterol rising... The crab is fresh and tender. Definitely get them warm instead of cold!The freshly sliced prime rib is awesome! You can tell them what temperature you want and they'll try their best to find the slice closest to it. You can even ask for one of the prime rib bones if you dare to man handle it!If you love foie gras, try the foie gras soup! Totally droooolworthy!Don't forget to check out the made-to-order noodle soup station! You can get beef pho, wonton soup or ramen. The ramen was my fave! I thought it was going to taste like some fancy packaged ramen, but it tasted really close to authentic Japanese ramen. The pork was so tender.When it came to dessert, I was suuuuuper stuffed. But I had to try a bite of everything they had to offer. The Jean Phillippe macrons they had were amazing. I kept going for more and more and more. I even slipped some in my bag to take home. SHHH!But the most amazing, most fabulous, jaw-dropping dessert they had was their FLAN. Who doesn't love flan? It was so creamy, so flavorful, SO FREAKING GOOD! Even though I was beyoooond full, I ate more than two of them. Not too sweet. Just the right soft, yet slightly dense, texture. I could eat it all day long!This is definitely a top contender for buffets. I didn't think they could surpass The Wicked Spoon, but they did and then some! Definitely worth checking out! Just bring a snack with you while you're waiting in the two hour line to get in. The price and wait time almost makes it not worth it, but if you only have money/time for one buffet, make it this one!!
4	We were here this month and enjoyed the food here. We usually don't do buffets because of the poor quality of food, but found this one was pretty good.
4	I give this place 4 stars because it takes so freaking long to wait in line, and the layout of the buffet could be better.  The food is great though!
4	This place is a toss up with Wicked Spoon as my current go to buffet. Wicket spoon has much better desserts but this place seems more consistent and more variety. This is located in the Cesears Palace. We went on a weekday lunch for $30 each. I've heard on weekends when it is busy that they charge people $20 for express entrance, really? is this a club?!Anyways, the food is pretty amazing, they have different ethnicities and the quality is really there. The desserts is decent too, they have mochi and ice cream, just not as much cakes and stuff compared to other buffets. Most people seem to go for the crabs but their sea food department isn't that great.
4	I went here for the breakfast buffet. The ambiance was quite nice with quiet music in the background. The brunch itself was more like a 4.5 in my opinion. I had eaten at The Wicked Spoon the day before and it was quite good but I believe Bacchanal did the same thing a little nicer and with better food. It was a dollar more and there weren't quite as many seafood options but the ones they did have were better and they might have more if you catch them when they are transitioning to lunch. The fresh juice (8 varieties) was nice and I think you had to order at TWS. Try the steak and eggs first if you like that sort of thing because you will want to hit that a few times.
5	I was here some time between Christmas and New Years 2012/2013. OH MY GOD, this was awesome! I usually don't eat a lot. I eat small meals probably 6 times a day. But I saved my tummy for dinner here. They have... EVERYTHING. Each island had it's own genre of food, for example a huge island of red meat only. the HUGEST island of deserts ever. & a whole lot of sea food. I told myself to take my time because eating too fast and filling up is just a waste of money. Drinks-- you're only allowed to have one type of drink, that & water. So, that was disappointing. I ordered diet coke, so I only got diet coke for the rest of the night!King crab legs! It's very light, so that was one of the things I had first. I took an extra plate and mixed up some salt, pepper & lemon. The people were awesome regularly coming along to take away our plates and plates of crab shells.Soup & salads: meh, just like any other place that has a self-service soup & salad cart.The best thing of all: DESSERT! anything & everything you could think of was here. Dessert didn't just have a cart, it had a whole counter that took up half of one of the walls.If there was alcohol, I didn't see it.There was no chicken anywhere! I was okay with it, because I have chicken all the time, but it's weird that it would everything but chicken.Aw man... it was awesome.
5	Every word that came out of my mouth after approximately every bite was: OMG! Go here hungry, go here and celebrate, everything and everyone was great, the chefs even came out to thank us for coming by! A must go to place for Vegas.. All other buffets bow down! Yaga!
5	Hmmmm... where do I start? Ah yes... the infamous buffet, Bacchanal buffet. To begin, I'm not the type of guy to stuff my face for hours and hours until I have to be rolled out like Homer Simpson.  After doing some extensive research, I decided to try Bacchanal and was not disappointed one bit.  Highlights:-Definitely come here before 3pm to get lunch prices ($35/pp), they begin to roll out the good stuff after 3pm-Different stations, seafood, cured meats, asian, italian, mexican, american and desserts-I really like the lamb chops and prime rib. The wagyu sliders and lobster corn chowder was pretty good too.  I also like the oysters here as well.To sum up, after a 2.5 hr non-stop feast for kings, I left with my stomach stuffed, face happy, and a double chin to come with it.  Yea, I'm pretty happy. =)
5	Having tried the M  , Rio , Paris and Wynn buffets just to name a few , Bacchanal Buffet is the best by a LARGE margin. We went here last September when it was still brand spanking new...so the lines were INSANE...But we were fortunate enough to know someone who not only let us go to the front of the line, but gave us all free buffet passes.The wide selection alone makes it one of the best buffets ever, but the quality of the food really sets it apart.From the carving stations, to the chinese food section, the italian food , dessert station and so on, the quality of the food will not leave you disappointed.No wonder there was a 2 hour line outsideWill definitely comeback
4	The food is good, but the wait time is ridiculous. We waited for two hours, so to make up for the wait, we ate for about two hours!
5	This place rocks!  17 million dollars spent making this the best buffet on the strip.  I used to joke about Sleazars Palace and the sorry buffet they had called Lago.  NO MORE!!!  OH my gosh, I am in heaven after eating here.  This is the gold standards of all buffets.  It's a bit pricier but you will know it's for better quality food.  Everything about this place has been redesigned.Sometimes the line is a bit longer but well worth the wait.  There is only a couple of issues i had with the place.  The music a bit too loud.  Why do you dim the lights so dark for dinner?  Too much salt on your St Louis ribs.  Too much salt on some of the dishes.The seafood station rocks.  Fresh king crab legs.  Delicious fried chicken.  Great chow mein noodles (a lot of buffets gets this dish wrong).  The Chinese spare ribs are the bomb.  Just like how my mom used to make them.  Noodle station could use some work.  I didn't like the Pho that much and the Udon was so-so.  Maybe you can fix that for me?I wish I had more time to try this place for breakfast.  My love for buffets has been   rekindled.  Thank you so much Caesars!  Finally, you have a buffet worthy of your casino (the one that Celine built).  You heard our cries for good food and got rid of that Lago. We got great service from William.  The dessert bar was out of this world.  Great red velvet cakes, cookies, carrot cake, creps, ice cream, sorbet.  Everything here just looks so good.
4	This buffet wins hands down for the best service. The woman who took us to our table explained everything as she was leading us there and our server was completely on top of things, taking our drink order right away, checking in on us frequently, and making sure our dirty plates were moved within minutes. Chefs all throughout the buffet would greet us at the station and ask if we had any questions.The selection of foods was amazing. There were all kinds of seafood including crab legs, shrimp, shrimp in beer marinade, oysters, mussels, calamari... and the most amazing lobster corn chowder.There was pizza, Italian food, and some pretty delicious Asian food. They had beef and broccoli, chow mein, hot and sour soup, spring rolls with peanut sauce, pot stickers.... it all tasted just as good as my local Chinese restaurant. There was a great charcuterie section with delicious spreads and cheese and an extensive Mexican food section. I'm not a fan of Mexican food so I didn't touch any of this but my husband liked it.The desserts were also plentiful but by this time I was stuffed. Their gelato section was very unique - my husband had a mango chili sorbet and I had a caramel beer gelato. They even had a candy bar!We were shocked at the price. A photo on here said $39.99 for a Friday night dinner - we paid $49.99 so the prices have gone up but it was worth it.
4	Best buffet . It's expensive but it's worth it.
5	FREAKING DELICIOUS! Awesome bite-size fine-dining. AND Great Mimosas!Group of 10, $50ish for brunch on Saturday per person.Totally worth it. Gelato flavors up to 20, bite size desserts.Cant' even describe it.... but it's HANDS DOWN, the best buffet in town!Going again next time! (Didn't eat again all day)I'M IN LOVE!!!!!
4	This is definitely the better buffet of the Harrah's/Caesar owned buffets. The decorations remind me of a modern 50s-60s feel with light colors and a lot of grey and brown mixed in. There is a wide variety of furniture and upholstery which gives the place a comfy look.The food was amazing. Try the leek, shumai, and sushi bar in the asian section, lasagna in the italian section, and chicken and waffles in a basket. The congee is pretty good too. The dessert section has delicious gelato and sorbet with a large variety of other sweets for everything else.My only gripe was that the clam chowder was over salted and some of the other American dishes had a lot of salt too. I would definitely come here again and not mind the 45-50 minute wait in line.
5	AMAZING YUMMY FOOD !!!I was there with 3 people and we made sure we did not eat a big breakfast prior to visiting this buffet.  We went late in the afternoon and we made sure to take our time to enjoy the variety of food.  The restaurant looked very beautiful and I was in shock at all the different stations with pretty little mini-plates filled with food.  This place was so huge that I couldn't find my table at first.   It lasted us 2.5 hours to try a little bit from each section. First, I did a complete walk through to see what each section offered and then I began to start selecting food from each section.  At first the service was a little bit slower than normal, but then again it was quite busy.  Drinks were not refilled often enough and plates did not get taken away as often as we would have liked.   Some of our plates had only three items because of the adorable mini-plates/bowls/dishes that the food comes in, hence the need to have the plates taken away.  (For example, one fried chicken leg came in a cute mini deep fryer looking container but it took up half the plate.)  I accidentally spilled a cup of ice and could not find anyone to help me clean it up for a little bit.  After awhile, I think more staff arrived and service started picking up.  All the stations had something yummy, except the Mexican/Latin station.  I've definitely had better authentic food elsewhere.  My friends did like the taco station though.  Dessert station was yummy.  Asian station was delicious.  Fresh hot crab legs were amazing.  I asked for steaming hot king crabs legs and I was told to wait 5-7 minutes by the chef in charge of steaming them.  I decided to take a few steps back while I was waiting and after 5-7 minutes the fresh hot crab legs came out.  Tons of people saw and came.  They pushed by me to get in front of the line.  As I politely waited in the back, the chef told everyone to make space for me to come up first because I was the first one to ask and had been patiently waiting...he remembered.  =)  Great service especially since, the chef was very busy not only taking care of the steaming crabs, but bringing more crabs from the back, passing out cold crab legs, and passing out the other shellfish and seafood to the customers.    I've been to most buffets in Vegas that are on the strip.  I think the price at bacchanal is crazy expensive in comparison to other buffets, but then again it is Vegas and all those famous chefs did get together to create certain dishes here.  The food is somewhat higher in quality and the variety is niceOverall, excellent food and great service.  Will go again...just wish the price was a little lower.  Wicked Spoon was number 1 as far as being my favorite but now it's number 2 because Bacchanal is now my new number 1 buffet.
5	After seeing the line stretching into an endless maze that somehow folded upon itself eight times over, I figured the food here had to be really good, or there was a lot crazy people waiting. Either way, the group I was with heard all the buzz about this place and we walked helplessly to the end of the line.We were only in line for about 3 minutes when someone from my group suggested we asked the people next to us (but further in line) how long they've been waiting--30 minutes. After waiting for another couple of minutes, we decide to take the express line instead. To be rational, we figured that it would've been the same, in terms of time and cost (15 dollars more + 18% tip per person in the express line) if we waited in the original line. And since there was 8 of us, we figured we would be paying gratuity anyway. In comparison, we managed to snag a table for 8, at the peak of lunch buffet on a Sunday, 30-40 minutes earlier than the group that was 30 minutes ahead of us line. The selection of food available at Bacchanal was beyond outstanding, and is something that seems to be a response to Cosmopolitan's Wicked Spoon Buffet and Wynn's Buffet. They do this really neat thing of steaming up crab legs by request, offer a wide array of juices, offer an extensive selection of meats, from brisket to prime rib and ham to sausages. They even have a full on gelato dessert station, next to a crepes station in the dessert area. I remember coming back several times for this green pesto based pasta, I don't remember the name of it but it was definitely one of the stand out dishes available. I decided to give up on my diet that day (only so I wouldn't have count for all the calories), but I hope to make another visit when I'm back in town.
4	This place was good, but expensive. I'll probably come again if I want to take advantage of the unlimited mimosas and don't want to eat the rest of the day. The wide selection is impressive, as you could find almost anything your heart desires.I concur with another reviewer that the pork buns are amazing, but the sushi - not so much. I also wasn't impressed with the crab legs as they needed to be heated up, but I loved that they were cut in half for easier dissection of the meat. The pizza was just mehh, and the croque madame was just alright. I liked the small dishes available so you had more room to try other things. The truffle scalloped potatoes were creamy and rich, pretty delicious. The mac and cheese and pasta salad were just alright.The dessert table was also vast, but I only had room to try the red velvet cake. It was the best I've had in a while. I wished I'd had room for another piece!We downed the mimosas, taking the opportunity to get drunk cheaply. Plus, I just love mimosas. They were a little slow about refilling them, but that was okay.Our friends arrived at the buffet before us, and because of this they wouldn't let us sit with them, even when another table opened us next to them. That was annoying, but whatever.I do wish there was a place like this near us that we could go on special occasions.
4	I had really high expectations of this buffet since everyone was raving about it.  I thought it was over-hyped.  I mean it was good, but not like amaaaaazingly better than the other buffets on the strip.  The wait wasn't too bad at 45 minutes on a Saturday night.  There was a lot of selection though!  The dessert area was AWESOME.  The crab legs were REALLY good - you can ask them to make it hot for you.  Sushi wasn't that fresh though.  The burger sliders were waaaaay too salty.  Other than that... you should try it at least once.
2	This is by far the most over-rated, over-hyped, over-priced buffet ever!  I'll save you the reader a long review and cut to the chase.  Caesar's new buffet is NOT worth the $50 entrance fee.  There is nothing special about this place, the only exception being fresh shucked oysters and mochi ice cream thats exactly the same as what you can buy from your local asian supermarket.  Yes they have a wide selection of offerings but not any more than other cheaper buffets.  Basically, if you're curious about the hype, waste your money and go check it out but if you're looking for a good buffet that won't break the bank, may I recommend the buffet at Mandalay Bay which in my opinion is the best value for money buffet in Vegas and at almost half the cost.
4	Being the hottest and newest buffet in town, we had to come and give it a try. Showed up around 5 and probably waited about an hour in line. Yeah - there's usually a wait and we thought 5 was early but maybe we should've came even earlier. Plunked down out $55 (ouch!) and got seated. Service was so-so. Our waiter was kinda scarce and spacey. It took a while to get our drinks, to get refills, to get our tables cleared. But then at the end, another guy/waiter showed up and asked multiple times about refills and clearing our tables even though we were ok and still working on our food. I don't think he was taking over for our original waiter because he was still around but it felt like this new guy was like the expediter, trying to hurry us along to finish and leave. Weird vibes throughout. On to the food. Like Wicked Spoon, I think I would be happy just having their dessert (but then I wouldn't get my money's worth). It's truly an impressive spread. Mutiple flavors of ice scream and we're talking about unique flavors too like mango chile or French toast. Mochi - though we looked behind the counter and it's just from the box that you can get at the grocery store so maybe save your stomach for something else. Fresh crepes which you can customize with fruits and sauces and whip cream. Bowls of macaroons, jars of candy, all different kinds of mini desserts, chocolate covered strawberries, cake pops, and it goes on and on. For the actual food, there's mainly 3 sections. An ethnic section with Italian, Mexican, and Asian foods as well as some salads/soup. A meat and hot food line with prime rib, a variety of hot meats, and sides like veggies and mashed potatoes. And finally the seafood section - crab legs (steamed or cold), shrimp, lobster bisque, oysters, clam bakes, etc. I would have to say my top three favorite things were the blackened chicken soup (Chinese herb-y style), the lamb (cooked and seasoned perfectly) and the macaroons (love these delicate desserts). Mmmm, I would come back if it wasn't such a pricey meal and long wait.
3	Ive had better food for a lot less.  The service was great...food....ok nothing spectacular.   For Buffett Food it was good but nothing special.
5	Excellent food and quality!  LOVED the truffled potatoes
5	This is the KING of buffets!! 25,000-square-foot buffet extravaganza.It is SO worth it to eat here. =) Lines can get long here so get here early.So many varieties of different foods here that its unbeatable & unbelievable.9  live stations (chefs cook it live): seafood, Asian, Mexican, Italian and dessert, that present hundreds of daily items.My faves:Shrimp jumbo cocktails so fresh & delicious 11ptsSea bass so buttery & flavorful 11ptsSnow crab legs - be sure to ask them to steam them if u like them warm.Oyster shooters so delicious 11 ptsSeafood & Chinese station was great.Italian & meat station was ok.Creme brulee was very yummy & not too sweet 9ptsMochi ice cream was yummy 8 ptsGelato station was so delicious w/ so many delicious flavors to choose from (you can sample each one of the flavors if you like. =) 10 ptsDark Chocolate dipped strawberries were huge but  not sweet. =( 7ptsDeserts looked very pretty & there was a huge variety but the flavors were off.Wicked Spoon's desserts are better.Service is great here. =)FYI, if you sign up for their rewards card you will get a discount for this buffet with that card here. Open daily.Breakfast (Monday - Friday, 7 a.m. - 11 a.m.): $25.99Brunch (Saturday - Sunday, 8 a.m. - 3 p.m.): $40.99Lunch (Monday - Friday, 11 a.m. - 3 p.m.): $32.99Dinner (Daily, 3 p.m. - 10 p.m.): $45.99 on weekdays, $50.99 on weekends
2	I came. I saw. I kicked myself for spending $25 on this dreck.Break out your map and compass. Freshen up on the orienteering skills you learned at summer camp. You're going to need all of that to find the buffet at Caesar's Palace.We all know that casinos don't have direct lines between any two places. But Caesars raises the bar to a whole new level. I swear to Jesus, their maps are wrong. Even after I successfully found Bacchanal one time, it took literally 15 minutes to find it when a friend insisted on going there for dinner (we bailed out after seeing the line).I sampled all of the high-end buffets during my latest trip and Bacchanal was easily the least impressive. (BTW-The breakfast on a Tuesday morning for Total Rewards members was $25--NOT $16.99 as shown in the first pic on their Yelp page).Bacchanal has several kinds of scrambled eggs--Mexican, Italian, plain Jane. And all of them were cold and congealed. There were just as many forms of bacon--regular bacon, slab bacon cut to order, pepper bacon. Again, all were just a smidge above room temperature.The easy-to-miss omelet station was a big swing-and-a-miss. Who likes an undercooked omelet that's runny in the middle? The Asian section was barely passable. No spoon in the steamed rice cooker, so I used a nearby soup spoon to dish mine out.Someone in the buffet department needs to be fed to the lions...cold, of course.
2	Have been to several buffets in Vegas and this one is NOT worth the hype.  Food is no better than others, the plates are "hidden" and inconvenient to get to, the service was horrible.  Had to ask for refills on drinks several times and they were extremely slow about removing plates.  For the price I would have expected a bigger selection of "side dishes". Desserts were by far the best of  all their items.  Won't go back.
5	My friends and I specifically went to Vegas one weekend just to try the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars. MAN it was definitely worth the trip! The price is a little higher than the other buffets at $55 (rounded up including tax) per person. You could also pay an extra $15 to go into the fast line. Bacchanal has such a wide range of food to choose from. I believe that it literally caters to everyone's needs. They have such a large variety of different cuts of meats! From the usual prime rib, to lamb chops and sausages, you can even get your own personal mini rotisserie chicken! They also have a Mexican section, with some moist tamales, and some pretty good carnitas tacos. There's also a selection of fine cheeses and dry meats that you could choose from. Their seafood was super fresh. The crab legs are already cut in half, so all you have to do is pull the meat and eat it! The oysters are laid out for you, and this area always seems to have the longest line.... There were also some small seafood dishes that were quite tasty!I also loved the fact that they had a fried food section. I thought the presentation was very different! Their waffle fries, wings, fried chicken, and their sweet potato fries/tater tots, all came in a little fryer container that you could take with you. Pretty awesome huh?! :)This buffet had the best Asian food at a buffet. With me being Asian and all, I don't think I've ever eaten so much Asian food at a buffet. The dim sum they served was actually pretty damn decent. What also got me is the fact that you can have Ramen, Udon, or Pho! They give you a pretty small bowl, but the broth for each of these was very rich and flavorful. The ramen was actually pretty decent; such a strong and savory tonkatsu flavor. Now to my favorite part... THE DESSERTS! They have everything you could possibly imagine! Gelato, chocolate cake, chocolate covered goodies, flan, cookies, candy, crepes, but this is the first buffet that has ever offered MOCHI ICE CREAM! They had all the original flavors like green tea, chocolate, strawberry, red bean, and vanilla. Man what a way to complete a meal! :D
2	I was very excited to try this extravagant and hyped up feast. But in the wise words of Public Enemy "dont believe the hype." This was a disappointing feast to say the least. A friend and I went and luckily were spared a 2 hour line and instead only waited 15 min. The staff was friendly and as we were being walked to our table the hostess showed us where everything was and gave us her recommendations. The selection of food is good with some unique features such as a taco stand (one of the few really good things there) and a noodle stand where they will make you ramen or pho dishes (which are just meh). Most of the food is typical buffet food which is expected to be just ok because its in fact just a buffet, but at $55 I expect a level of quality higher than the norm. I went to the carver part of the buffet and saw a good selections of meats like prime rib, roast, duck, and rack of lamb. I decided to try the lamb and regretted that decision  immediately.  It was completely inedible and that is not a word I use lightly. The meat had a taste similar to burnt rubber with a similar consistency. The dessert section was really good with a wide selection of gelato various pastries including macaroons and cheese cake pops. I may of just fell victim to the hype of this place and had a bitter taste in my mouth because of its failure to live up to it or the inedible food that they served,  whatever the reason I could not justify giving it above 2 stars.
5	Well worth the wait, and I'd do it again! We arrived around 11:30am a Sunday morning thinking we'd beat the early crowd for the brunch buffet...boy, were we wrong. We waited for an hour on line, which went by quickly with drinks we bought from the casino in Caesars.  All that time spent on line, we couldn't help but wonder what all the fuss was aboutThis brunch buffet lives up to its hype, and is inarguably worth the $40+ tax (apx $45pp...gratuity not included)The spread is unlike any other brunch I've seen and surpasses the cleanliness and sophistication of other buffets I've dined at...including The View and the Marriott Marquee in NYC...which dulls in comparisonFull breakfast spread, Asian foods, Italian, desserts, fresh juices, unlimited Mimosa and champagne. This place is not to be missed, if you're visiting Vegas. So glad we took a chance on this restaurant...such an amazing dining experience.
5	Gluttony at its best! That's the best way to describe this feeding frenzy. You can pretty much eat anything from seafood, Mexican, Italian, American, and so on. This place is so big I would get a bit lost walking back to my seat. If your skeptical about buffets let me tell you this isn't a shitty Golden Corral, it's amazing,GO!
2	This place is pretty neat. DEFINITELY go at lunch time though. The pricing is a bit high for what you get in my experience(3 times). Lunch is best price per food selection. I found the hype to be a bit much with this place. They do have a few unique dishes you dont see at other places but they are seriously lacking in what I consider most important at a buffet.Foods: They have virtually zero fruit. Only two small bowls of pineapple and watermelon hidden by the meats and then a few berries in the dessert section. The salad section is an absolute joke. It consists of 2 types of lettuce and about 4 types of toppings and a few dressings. This should be unacceptable to any normal human considering about 50-75% of our diet should be vegetables and fruits. I was extremely disappointed.Service:It took about 45 mins to get in which was sort of expected. Once we were inside however there were many many open tables so it didnt make sense. Next it took 11 mins before a server came to take our drink order. It was nearly another 10 mins before she returned with the beverages. We had 6 people at our table and we just ordered waters and iced teas. Now each person made 3-4 trips to the buffet and at any one time there were at least 5 dirty plates on our table. Our server litterally only clear the table twice but never got Everything. This is how our table looked much of the time. http://bit.ly/Y5TCXNOverall the buffet is slightly over priced comparatively to most big name casino buffets. The food is tasty but seriously lacking in areas that are VERY important to a human diet. I say Skip it.
4	They had very fresh seafood and oysters were good.  Thumbs up from me!
4	First off I am not a buffet fan, but after all the hype about this place I've been wanting to go.  So my husband asked me where I wanted to go, I said, "Bacchanal."  He said, "A buffet? I can't take you there for your birthday!"  I said, "Yes, you can and you will give the birthday girl what she wants." So here we are on a Tuesday for lunch.  If a buffet is good at lunch, it has got to be great at dinner, right?The line to get in was short at 11:30 am. We tipped up front, not sure if this was why we were seated by the window with a pool view, which was nice since it was a beautiful, spring day and my birthday. Love that the hostess seemed just as excited as us to eat here.  We were seated and the waitress swapped the $10 unlimited mimosa for straight "champagne" for me, saying she won't tell the boss.   Nice, but it was cheap "champagne" and I probably should have paid more for a better quality glass listed on the menu. However, the "nice" wines by the glass are waaay overpriced since they are ordinary wines, but I guess they can overcharge.First off the presentation of everything is exquisite.   My suggestion from learning lesson,  is survey the whole buffet before you start, otherwise, you can miss out on some atypical buffet items, which makes Bacchanal worth your while. There is a seafood station, carving station, Mexican, Italian, Asian, and American stations.  Oh and I almost forgot, they have a HUGE dessert station.  I saw one person just eat desserts. I liked how many items are already plated and diners can grab and keep moving along, which means you don't have to wait extra long behind those who don't  know how to use tongs or other basic serving utensil. Given my limited capacity, I chose items that I can't readily get or takes way to much effort to cook, and then I choose a few items I've never had before.  I picked up a few shrimp, which were prepared correctly, but I normally skip because I eat them often enough. However, I was hungry while waiting for oysters, which were being shucked, but they disappeared within seconds of reaching the service station.  Never got any oysters.  They also had seafood salads and oyster shooters too.  They were decent fillers, but were not chilled enough.  No crab legs, which was a bummer, but it was the lunch buffet which is priced at $32.99/pp.  Can't expect everything at that price. I hit the carving station which was impressive, especially for lunch. I chose the brisket, prime rib, slab bacon, and specially requested getting the cracklings off the ham.  They also had pork ribs, roast turkey, and a variety of sausages.  What is not to love about fatty, roasted meat?  All solid choices; meats all juicy, but my personal taste requires a bit more salt.  Prime rib was probably the best from any buffet...rare, med-rare and still warm.  Yay! The carver also asks you how you like your meat before carving it, which is nice.Third round I cleaned up with some carnitas pork from the Mexican station.  Some interesting cheese and charcuterie I never had before as well as purple mustard, which tasted wonderful.  I also picked a few cheeses and a beautiful checkerboard feta and watermelon salad (my type of dessert).  Remember that shrimp I ate? Well, I am kicking myself because I had no room for roast duck from the Asian station or any sushi.   Overall, I think the higher quality of food and detailed presentation is worth the higher price in comparison to other buffets.  I like not feeling like I am eating at a buffet, but I like eating a buffet. YKWIM? This is the only place I will eat a buffet a now.   Don't miss out on good food, just because it is a buffet. This as an upscale buffet, better food than some restaurants.  The servers and the staff are all professional and nice, which makes it feel much more restaurant-like and less like a cafeteria.
2	This place gets two stars ONLY because the food was decent and the best thing were the desserts. ADVICE: Do not go if the line is really long. You'll wait on line about an hour just to pay to get in and then wait ANOTHER 20-30 minutes for the carving and seafood stations. This is true ESPECIALLY on holiday weekends. The above advice comes from first hand experience and in talking with the servers. I wish I knew this before hand but it was so hyped up that it was like a must see like the water show in front of the Bellagio! It was pure chaos in the dining room and I even saw a verbal confrontation when some people tried to cut in for seafood. The seafood line blended/meshed with the carving station, no one knew what was what and NO manager was on site to help. A simple roped off line would of even helped. The way this place is organized is just a mess simply put. Did I mention what a mess this place was? I think you get the message. Go when it's quiet and go somewhere else when this place is busy. Not worth the heartache (or heartburn).
3	I tried coming to Bacchanal Buffet the weekend before Christmas. To be exact, we tried dining here on 12/22/12 on Saturday night. I assumed not many people were going to be in vegas during Christmas weekend so hoped that I wouldn't encounter super long wait for Bacchanal Buffet but boy I was wrong. Our party arrived around 7pm and there was a longgggg line that snaked around the restaurant.We were in line for about 20 minutes and our line was right next to people that were in front of the line so I asked the girl how long she waited in line for. She responded, "3 hours but we were started the line at an earlier point than you guys." WHAT!?!?!?! Within a minute of discussion, we decide to leave Bacchanal buffet and come by next morning for their brunch.Since we learned our lesson yesterday, we woke up super early on Sunday to be at Bacchanal by 7 or 730am. There was pretty much no line and we got in immediately but I left the buffet with disappointment. I know the brunch and dinner menus are usually different but the menu was SIGNIFICANTLY different. In yelp photos, I've seen all these multi-cultural food from pasta, tacos, mexican corn, prime rib and all these other foods but there were hardly anything I was looking forward to. I pretty much ate the regular breakfast food like potatoes, eggs, some pastries, and the only exciting thing there was pho/ramen/porridge section. :/ But Bacchanal is super clean and it looks fancy. There's miniature everything like mini jam, mini honey, and what not you can freely use. Brownie pts for that.I would like to try Bacchanal buffet during their dinner hour but I don't know about the 3+ hr wait. At this point in time, I totally prefer Wicked Spoon at Cosmo in a heartbeat.
5	Best buffet in Vegas - hands down.  The food is all very high quality, the selection is amazing and the presentation is unmatched.   I have had breakfast, lunch and dinner at Bacchanal and love all three.  I think my favorite station is the carving station, the amount of meats to try is impressive.  The slab bacon is tasty and something you can't get just anywhere.  Definitely save room for dessert - there are so many different things you will want to try.  My favorite dessert items are the chocolate chip cookies that come in little ramekins and the crepes and would definitely suggest getting both.
4	Bacchanal is the biggest, newest buffet in Vegas. All inside Caesar's Palace. Naturally, being one of the newest and hyped as one of the best, lines for this place last almost 3 hours.Luckily, someone had a VIP card which meant that 3hr wait turned into 15 minutes.Everything is typical Vegas buffet once you get in, which is to say, nice. But you realize just how massive it is once you get your food. You could get lost just going from station to station.It's got everything all the other buffets have and they even have freshly squeezed juice for lunch. The Texas squeezed orange juice being the best which explains why it runs out so quickly.The crab legs weren't spectacular. Possibly because it's pre-cut and iced already. The oyster shooters were good though. Everything else was decent. I didn't get to try all the food here but what I did try, it was good enough. Not all it was hyped up to be but I'd still eat it and enjoy it.Dinner lines do get long. Especially for the meats (prime rib, lamb, etc). Standing in that may be a 10 minute wait in and of itself.All in all, it's a good experience but other buffets are comparable and the lines for those are going to be shorter. Go here if you want to hit up a new buffet.
4	This place is definitely 5 stars if you ignore the wait and the price. I think this is one of the more expensive buffets I've been to, and it is not worth the price when you have to wait so long to pay for the buffet and then wait some more in line to get food. I've been to the buffet at two separate dinners on weekday evenings, first time the wait was about an hour, we paid the $15 fast pass. The second time the wait was half an hour, it was more manageable. Food was delicious, I love the seafood selections and most asian selections. I think it is one of the few buffets that does asian dishes right (except for sushi). They had very tasty congee, pork buns, lightly fried salt and pepper fish, and duck. The first time I went they had more adventurous ice cream flavors (savory), but I was very disappointed to see them disappear the second time I went. Crepe is always good, so I am happy.
3	There's definitely quality in the food they serve but for some reason it does not seem at par with Wicked Spoon nor the Wynn buffet. Came here for dinner a couple of months ago.  There was a long line at 8 pm on a Thursday but we were seated after a short wait.  There was enough variety and the seafood station made it worthwhile, but nothing stood out.  And I was disappointed with the dessert.  Only thing I liked was the chocolate creme brulee.Service is outstanding however.  Something you would expect from Caesars.
3	Came here last weekend with my husband and another couple and while we had a good experience, I didn't feel like it was a GREAT experience.  It was $50 per person and at 9:30 PM on a Sunday night, we waited about 20 minutes.The Seafood station made the buffet worth it, but nothing else.  The fresh Crab Legs that they steamed right in front of you were delicious.  There was no Lobster which was a disappointment given that they have Lobster in a showcase before you enter (false advertisement).  The Asian station was pretty good -- but the Sushi was no good.  The presentation was awful and it didn't taste very fresh either.  The Steamed Dumplings, however, were good.  The Meat station was good but they didn't have Filet (which I heard they were supposed to have).  I found the Lamb Chops to have too sweet of a marinade.  And the slices of Ribeye they were giving were nothing but fat.  The Wagyu beef sliders were good but the patties were too dry.  Fried chicken was bland.  Pasta was sub par.  The dessert was a disappointment too.  I believe that they boast 147 desserts -- I think I saw like 10.  And the only one that was remotely good was the chocolate chip cookie in a ramekin and one of the ice creams I tried.Not an experience that really sticks out to me so we probably wouldn't come back.  We kept hearing that this is the best buffet in Vegas, so I'm really bummed that everything else must be worse.
4	Great Stuff.  Spicy Tuna Sushi rolls,  ceviche, crab legs, paella, pho,  , great steak cuts. all great!  Desert go for a crepe, key lime pie ,and carrot cake and a mochi mango ball. Service was nice, place is huge though, remember there are 2 sides to it.
5	I'm a huge fan of Bacchanal buffet! We were looking for a buffet place after our blue man group show and wicked spoon was closed. Luckily Bacchanal was open until 10pm! We got in the line and after around 15 mins we were seated. Bacchanal is a very busy buffet place, and our waiter was busy running around.  They have a great seafood section. I love the shrimp, crab legs and oysters. They are so fresh and so good, and they're refilled promptly! Bacchanal has a huge dessert section with all the fancy tiny cakes. My favorite is mochi ice cream and i love the coffee/red been flavor. You should definitely try Bacchanal Buffet. It totally worth the $50 I paid.
5	This is by far the BEST buffet you will EVER go to. I love that they are always cranking out individual dishes so that you know its fresh made. Not just sitting in a hotel pan wondering how long its been there, determined by the skin formed on the top. They even shuck oysters in front of you. My husband and I went there in November a few months after they opened on a tuesday night. We waited way OVER an hour and it was worth it, we paid $98 for both and at the time if you pay an extra $15 I think I saw its unlimited wine and beer.
4	Really good. Great variety. A little overpriced.We went for an early dinner, around 5 PM, so we didn't have to wait to get in. The selection is tremendous, for sure. The seafood is really good, my personal favorite being the crawfish. The shrimp, salmon, and tilapia were all worth getting again, too.The rest of the food was good, some of it very good. The best thing my husband and I tried were the made to order mini tacos. We got a couple with beef, pico, and guacamole. Great flavor and good quality ingredients.The desserts were really good. I loved the French macarons, as well as the tiramisu, cheesecake pops, and chocolate decadence pops. The mini cupcakes were really dry and disappointing. The red velvet cake was OK.Overall, I would go back, but for an earlier meal because dinner was expensive. I would recommend trying this buffet at least once.
5	This place is amazing! We had to wait 1hour to eat but it was soo worth it. Fresh! Great presentation! Delicious! Oh and look to spend about $180/3 people (15% tip included)
5	I had the joy of trying the Bacchanal Buffet for their weekday breakfast. I was blown away at how beautiful the space is. I love white, clean, and airy spaces.We went relatively early and it was a weekday so we had no wait before we were promptly seated next to the crepe section. Great location!I really enjoyed the fresh juice section drinking at least 3 glasses of their freshly made carrot juice. My boyfriend loved the watermelon juice. The perfect remedy to a night of debauchery :)I really enjoyed the congee and dim sum section. The lotus wrapped sticky rice was divine. The mini red velvet pancakes were delicious too. The rotating pancake grill was a sight to behold. The savory dishes were really yummy. Every menu item came in a small dish so it was easy to try everything without wasting food. The steak and eggs were cooked perfectly! Presentation for all the dishes was top notch. I would love to come back for dinner or weekend brunch sometime.Don't forget to leave room for dessert.
5	Let start off saying that I am totally not a buffet person, but Bacchanal changed my mind.  This place is ridiculous, best buffet food EVER!  Sure it is expensive, but you are getting quality food.  Bacchanal was the only place we considered making a second visit to during our LV trip.
4	I liked their crab legs. I was second in a huge forming line. They are cracked, so no work has to be done. Sushi was very fresh. They have really cute bite sized desserts, so you can sample a lot of things. The dessert section is hidden away from everything else, so I think there is a good chance a lot of people forget about it. They have gellato in many different flavors like sour cherry. Very cute desserts. I don't know what kind of dessert I was eating. White chocolate with edible silver balls and soft center. Good what ever it was. I am very picky, and I found a lot of stuff I could eat. However for the price, I think I like the Bellagio better. Their is also a buffet on the stip with circular aquariums at the buffet with tropical desserts that are out of this world. Just can't remember the name of it :( I just remember you take an esculator down to get to the buffet. If you love Sushi Todai is a great fish and sushi buffet for reasonable prices. They have chicken and beef too!
4	My taxi driver to the hotel highly recommended this place. He was prasing how nice the decor was because they recently had a renovation and they've added many more selections to the menu.We went relatively early.. around 6 on a Monday, there was no line and you pay the bill upfront. How convenient! There were Asian, Italian, Seafood, Salad, dessert...etc. In the Asian section, they had Chinese and a minimal selection of Sushi  I was disappointed to see there were not too many selections of sushi and they didnt have sashimi!!!! My favorite was the seafood station, the oysters were fresh and the crab legs were delish. I spent most of my time at the seafoods. Overall, it wasnt bad but wasnt anything you'd wow for either. I wish i stayed with my original plan and went to Wynn though.
5	Better, IMO, than The Wicked Spoon and The Buffet at the Wynn.We did have to wait a long time, and the seating area isn't as large as the wicked spoon, but your selection was huge - especially for fish--and I honestly don't think I tried a bland, dry, old, not fresh item.My favorite items follow in order:1. The prime rib.2. The mochi ice cream.3. The lamb.4. The crepe bar.5. All the other desserts.6. All of your breads.
4	What an incredible buffet!  Not cheap, but worth every dollar.
4	The only Buffet worthy of 5 stars is the "Seafood Buffet" at Deer Valley in  Park City.  Bacchanal makes a solid effort but falls just a bit short when it comes to the high end shellfish.  The real star of any so called high end buffet.  Staff is a tad arrogant ... Maybe it's the hoards of mid-westerners in the "New Balance" running shoes.... Lot a sweat pants in the house as well.... Apparently you need to come prepared.As you enter the 25,000 square foot feed lot you see the crux of all the excitement... The Crab Leg station.... 9 deep and 6 wide it's truly a spectacle of gluttony!  I'm thinking of a new reality tv show..... CRAB LEG WARS! VEGAS!!!! It's a literal frenzy ... All for an average snow crab leg that yields a thin flavorless reward .... Oyster Shooter are in tomato juice... Tip grab some extra cocktail sauce and reconstitute your own version (ala Brophy's).Without droning on about this and that I'd say just go and experience it once it may be Heaven or it may be Hell.... You decide!?!?!?Secret super tip for normal people... Make it your first and only meal of the day at 2:30 pm.... Line will be shorter and price skyrockets at 3:00 pm.  They also won't rush you when you get inside.... We stayed for 3 hours!!!!!And ask for Jo's station she's amazing and oh so pleasant!
3	After hearing and reading of all the hype and seeing the long line on a Tuesday night I have to say I was a little disappointed. As previously mentioned the large seafood selection was rather tasteless.  At the carving station, the brisket and prime rib were very bland as well. Au ju for the prime rib is only upon request. The dry aged rib eye and lamp chops were very good. Fresh fruit was limited to a few slices of melon. The desserts were average. The Chinese items looked like they had been sitting awhile. The fried chicken was very good but the onion rings were cold. The price is high $49.95 and wii cost you an additional $15 if you want to bypass the line. I'm glad I went but would not rush back.
4	The very hyped Bacchanal Buffet!  I went into it all ready to compare it to the Wynn Buffet, but after my meal, I realized they are quite different!The food here are presented in a way that combines the best of the Wynn and the Wicked Spoon.  It's gourmet in a buffet form, and neatly portion-controlled with these nice presentations.  There's a carvery station, a variety of ethnic food, and a seafood area.  But what really sets Bacchanal apart is the foods that are freshly prepped!  I'm a huge fan of the noodle bar, where you can get tonkatsu ramen or pho.  I got the ramen twice because it was pretty damn legit :P  At the taco station, you can ask them to make tacos and quesedillas with the protein of your choice.  The pasta station has pastas made-to-order, as well as ready made ones.  For the seafood section, they can steam/boil the crab for you so it is perfect for people like me that likes their crab legs on the warmer side.Huge huge fan of the Asian section as well.  There's xiao long bao and a variety of dim sum items.  I didn't think it would be good but I was really surprised, especially with the xiao long bao!  Fresh squeezed juices laid out for the taking.  Much needed after a long night of partying haha.Dessert section was huge as well, in an area by itself.  Crepes, ice cream, cakes, pies, cookies, pastries... plenty to choose from.  Creme bruelee!The only thing that was disappointing was the carvery station.  The prime rib was bland, and the other items were extremely tough.  There is a lot to choose from, but you can tell some of them have been sitting under the heat lamp for a bit too long, like the brisket.  The line can get ridiculous for that as well.We were lucky and only waited 15 minutes in line for Sunday brunch.  I've heard stories from friends how they have waited 2-3+ hours for the buffet.  Also, if you have a Total Rewards card, use it, since you get a bit of a discount.Service is a bit spotty.  Our guy was so busy and had to shuffle between taking drink orders and taking away the dirty dishes.Compared to the other top buffets, it might not beat Wynn in terms of taste or quality but I think the way they have it set up, especially with food prepped right in front of you, and the variety makes it the best buffet in Vegas.  Hopefully they can keep it up and be consistent!
4	I was very excited to try out this buffet; it was recently re-vamped and the dining area itself is beautiful.   I was, however, disappointed with the overall selection for the price. There are a couple offerings that are high quality ingredients, so when you go, choose wisely and save space for the unique items.  I simply didn't feel there was great value in our visit.
5	Oh this is a beautiful buffet.. probably the most beautiful I've ever step foot in, and that's saying something considering I regularly enjoy Wynn & Bellagio's buffets. The decor, the seating arrangements, the buffet layout, 9 stations of wondrously delicious food.. some individually plated, some AYCE.. give a plate to the crab leg guy , get a plate back of deliciously fresh, hot & steamy legs.. ;) The little sliders were AMAZING.. chicken & waffle portions... chicken wings, hot wings, drumsticks, onion rings, tater tots.. omg. they sound like regular food, but they certainly do not taste like regular food. Dessert station was INSANE. there were like, 16 varieties of sorbet, several kinds of cake, pastries and fruit.. oh god, I'm drooling just thinking about it. Have a large (6+) Party? They have a multitude of tables to accomodate your party, and if you're a 7-star or Diamond club member, you get your own semi-private rooms/seating areas (though unfortunately you'll have to mingle with us common folk in the buffet lines. You HAVE to eat here at least once. :) Definitely coming back.
4	After hearing about this buffet's $17M renovation, and seeing a walk-through video on  U Tube, it was a no-brainer. Hella walk from the parking garage, but good to burn off the thousand calories consumed here (take a detour through the shops first for a full workout). Don't believe the prices listed in the photos of this buffet. We had quite a shock when they told us the total. The weekday dinner is now $45, not $35. WHOA!!Steep price, but after the experience, I feel, it was well worth it. The dishes are presented like a plated meal, unlike your typical buffet where you just slap all the selections on your plate into a mound of indistinguishable grub. And it is done with some sass and flair: fried chicken in mini fry baskets, hot wings in mini tin buckets, etc. But its not just all visual. The food is excellent, which, to me, justifies the price.There's pretty much something for everyone. From simple fare like pizza, fried chicken, hamburgers, and fries, to crab legs, steak, and lamb, to pho, hot & sour soup, and sushi, and everything in between (well, seems like). The dessert station also has a vast selection that would satisfy anyone's sweet tooth (gelato, sorbetto, creme brulee, pies, cakes, macaron, cookies, and more!).Dining room is very modern (what did you expect for $17 mil?), and the stations are ultra-modern with quirkiness unseen anywhere else (what did you expect from a design firm from Japan named Super Potato?).Overall, great experience. Will be back several times, mainly because it's virtually impossible to sample EVERYTHING on one or two visits.
5	Came here to eat with 10 other girls around 2:30pm-3pm on a Saturday, which was a good time to come since it was AFTER the lunch rush. We only waited in line for about 10 minutes =). It was about $53 per person with tax and an 18% gratuity charge since we had such a large group. This is an awesome new buffet and the architectural construction, decor, furnishings, and interior design is stunning. The beautifully bright, modernized atmosphere greatly enhanced my dining experience here with friends! You'll enjoy the simple, yet artistic displays of food. Every section with categories and subsets of certain types of food are so well organized! There's a seafood section, a tacos taqueria section, a cheese section, salad section, soup and bread section, dessert section, a meat section (prime rib, baby back ribs, & etc.), an Italian food section, a Spanish food section, an American food section, and an Asian foods section with Vietnamese, Chinese, Indian, Japanese, and Korean dishes. I tried some of the dim sum and was really impressed with their xiao long baos (Shanghai juicy pork soup dumplings) and Shumais (These Cantonese style steamed dumplings). To conclude, you'll love the WIDE varieties of different types of cuisine that Bacchanal Buffet has to offer! I ate mostly seafood because I'm a HUGE seafood fan. Shrimp and grits, poached salmon, king crab legs, mussels, shrimp cocktail, oysters, oyster shooters, clam bake, sashimi/sushi, you name it, I had it, and I LOVED it. I also tried the prime rib and baby back ribs which I loved as well. Pretty much everything I ate was desirably delicious.Service was excellent which made our experience here even more worthwhile. Our waitress kept making rounds to our table to pick up used plates, cups, and she consistently refilled our drinks! We had a table of 11 rather demanding, but sweet girls, and our waitress worked it LIKE A BOSS.I've been to plenty of buffets in Vegas and as of now, Bacchanal ranks the highest above all others in my book.
5	I went for the Sunday Champagne Brunch and enjoyed this brunch very much.  The food was very well prepared and the fresh juice bar set this buffet above the rest.  Definitely worth the price.
5	This place has some of the best buffet food you can realistically ask for. This place has everything, sushi, nigiri, authentic chinese (roast duck etc) made by chinese chefs and they speak mandarin, authentic mexican, snow crab legs (no king crab), oysters, tons of meat (bbq veal, 4 types of sausages, prime rib, etc), salmon, to die for sliders, cheeses and breads, very good looking pasta but I didnt try it, and the best dessert bar you could possibly imagine; to name a few: mochi ice cream 5 different flavors, crepes, tiramisu, key lime, cheesecake, macaroons, creme brulee, and a ton of other things. It has the largest selection of desserts I have ever seen and I have been to a fair share of buffets.Decor of this place is also stunning, and lots of room for giant parties.Note: the lady that serves the mochi is an insanely attractive Filipino, 10/10.
1	After reading several reviews of Caesars' new Bacchanal Buffet, I was excited to give it a try, but was tremendously disappointed. First, the service. Our wait in the "regular" line at 11:30 this morning was around 30 minutes. Normally, I'd have no problem with that, but when we did pay and were shown to our table, I noticed that only about 1/3 of the tables were full. Other reviewers have pointed this same phenomenon out, so I can only conclude that CP is trying to make their high-rollers feel more "special", or that they'd like people to pony up the extra $15 to jump the line, or that, if all tables were full, the chefs at the food stations would be unable to keep up. About that table: it was either too high, or my chair was too low. I still can't decide which, but either way, it was uncomfortable. My chair also straddled a carpet/ marble divide, with the back legs on marble and the front on carpet  not a big deal at a normal restaurant, but at a buffet, this wasn't ideal. I would, in fact, like to meet the idiot that designed the room. First, it's a clear rip-off of the design at Aria's buffet. (I did enjoy the light fixtures on the pillars outside the buffet). Second, the layout was confusing and somewhat claustrophobic, with the Asian area tucked into an odd dead-end. The stations where food was being prepared to order forced the lines of people waiting to block other areas. And the sneeze-guards were way too low, making it nearly impossible to reach food towards the rear. On to the food: there isn't much special here that can't be found at Aria, Wicked Spoon, or Wynn (my favorite). The carved meats looked rather greasy, and the whole roasted chickens were shriveled and pathetic-looking. The sushi selection was decent, but if you're a shellfish lover, you're better off at the Aria or perhaps the Bellagio. The Mexican station was unstaffed--I'd been looking forward to a fresh-made tortilla, but oh well. The quality overall was good, but not great, and certainly not worthy of the price they're asking. We ended up leaving after one plate--it was that bad. I expressed my displeasure to manager type on my way out, but she could barely say "I'm sorry". If you're looking for a great buffet on the strip, and willing to pay these prices, head for the Wynn, Aria, or Wicked Spoon--but avoid the Bacchanal.
5	Came here for a 7am breakfast so I didn't have to worry about a long wait.  I think since I've came the price has gone up $10 per meal.  I can't blame Caesars, it's all about supply and demand, but now I'm not sure if I'd rather go to a signature restaurant instead.This is the best buffet I've been to in Vegas, I like the small individual portions with high variety of items.  I found myself trying endless amounts of things all freshly prepared, not growing a film under a heat lamp.For breakfast they had all sorts of sides (sweet potato bites), a HUGE selection of juice and still laid out all the meats and cheeses and a few lunch items.  Another cool thing was the way the food is presented, fries are in mini deep fryer baskets, juices in baby carafes, pancakes in mini skillet pans.   Looking forward to another meal here, I know I won't be hungry enough for the following meal!
4	Number one rated Buffet in Vegas and for good reason. The food is excellent all around and the selection is amazing. The only downside is we had to wait 1 1/2 hours to get through the line to eat. Other than that, make sure to save room for desert because it is too easy to get full on all the delicious entres they have! Oh and make sure to go around the corner, there is sushi that I didn't find until too late.They would have received 5 stars if the crab legs weren't lacking in flavor. They tasted bland and some tasted only like water. Disappointing considering you can see them the entire time you are in line.
5	Pricey at $45 each (plus tip for someone bringing drinks)and alcohol costs extra, for dinner.  But that's average compared to every other place around. Excellent food & selection. Prime rib, crab legs & dry rub ribeye were worth the price alone. The desserts are wonderful - we tried 10 or more &they were all yummy!  Mac & cheese & truffle scalloped potatoes were amazing too.
4	I've had many buffets in Las Vegas and have heard so much about this place from all the news articles raving about the new 17 million dollar buffet, to friends who have come and thoroughly enjoyed it. The expectations and the bar was set pretty high to say the least.This buffet is absolutely gorgeous with its decorations and decor. You can definitely tell they put a lot of work in making everything look nice to complement the food here. To those who aren't familiar with this place, there are 9 different stations featuring food from 9 different parts of the world. There's lots of variety here and supposedly over 500 choices of different things to eat.The things that really stood out from this place were the crab legs/seafood section, meat section and dessert station. The crab legs came out cold and fresh, UNLIKE those frozen legs that you would get at the bellagio buffet. There wasn't also a long line for them and I was able to get lots of helpings real quickly. The oysters, lobster clam chowder and paella were all excellent. The meat section featured many different kinds of meats and sausages, enough to make you VERY happy. The ribs over here were not tender though but I loved the various kinds of sausages that they have over here to try. The dessert section had a lot of desserts I've never seen at other buffets before. Mochis, cake pops and the macaroons were absolutely delicious and they had specialty desserts that were featured in different parts of the world. THEY even had some baklava gelato!Other things that stood out were the asian noodles station, where you could order various types of noodles throughout all of asia (examples: pho, ramen) and the cheese station where they had various aged cheeses to try. They ALSO had dim sum for those who love it!Solid buffet to come here, and it met my expectations.
3	Ehhhhh I was super hyped to come dine at one of Vegas' newest buffets. However, after trying several items there, I don't think I'll be going back. I felt everything was just mediocre, especially in the Asian section. I may be a bit biased since I eat Asian food all the time but it just wasn't good or great like you expect one of the "best" buffets to be, although I enjoyed a couple items like the Chinese roasted duck and the Char Siu (Chinese BBQ Pork). But then again, you can't really mess up on those...The sushi and poke did not taste fresh as well.I also made the wrong decision of starting from the right end, the Asian section. My advice when you get here is to go straight for the crab legs and prime rib and meats (those are the best items there) and don't waste your appetite on the other mediocre food unless you want a taste of everything. If anything, try them AFTER the crab legs and prime rib and sausages...because by the time my girl tried getting some crab legs, they ran out! They then had her stand there and wait for like a good while...over 5 minutes! You're a buffet...shouldn't you be aware of when food is running out and refill it before or immediately after? When they brought out more crab legs, those ones were literally half frozen. HALF FROZEN CRAB LEGS - WHO WANTS TO EAT THAT? Definitely ruined one of the best items there...Sigh, another one of those overly hyped places that turned out to be a letdown. There are BETTER choices in Vegas, why pay $42 for a brunch at this mediocre one? My suggestion would be Wicked Spoon or the Buffet at Wynn and if you're willing to go a little of your way...definitely hit up Studio B buffet at the M Resort.
2	The food was great except when I was eating the oyster i found a live baby worm in it. So. Grossss!!! Totally lost my appetite. Plus the service was horrible. I asked the ice cream lady for a mochi. She dropped it on top of the counter but stil decided to put it on my plate instead of getting a new one.
4	I really like this buffet! I'm not a buffet person but I think this is the one to go to when in Vegas. It is best to go on a weekday and early. I wanted to try their breakfast/lunch. We went on a Thursday around 9:30 and waited about 20 minutes.I LOVED the Asian bar. It is situated in the far back. Don't miss it. My favorites are Shanghai dumplings, dim sum (Hai Gow, Shumai), thousand year old egg congee (yummy), ramen, pho, wonton noodles, udon, fried rice, lo mein, eggrolls, potstickers, and many more... I know it is legit because the cooks were all speaking Cantonese. However, the Shanghai dumplings could be better if the skin was a little thinner. It is fine for a Vegas buffet.Some other dishes to try is the croque madame and the fried chicken and waffles. YUMMY! I am glad most of the dishes are portion control. That helps me not eat so much but I end up getting up often to grab more. So I don't know how that helps... I still ate a lot. We stayed until they transitioned to lunch. We had a few pasta dishes and pizza. Not impressed. I think I am sticking with the Asian bar with the all-you-can-eat dim sum. This buffet really impressed me!!!
1	Worst food I have experienced on my trip to Vegas. Our server never came to our table, the bus boy was nice about getting refills, for the price not worth it.
5	I ate there last weekend while on vacation. It was amazing...I wish I could go there every weekend.
4	[MY BACKGROUND]: I've been coming to Vegas since 1994, and tried pretty much every buffet on the Vegas strip. [DATE VISITED]: Saturday, March 16th, 2013, Dinner Buffet. Entered the line at 5:10PM, paid at 6:00PM, started eating at 6:40PM. [THE INTERIOR]: Before you enter the buffet, you will see a huge line, that will remind you of Disneyland. Once you enter the buffet, its major chaos..Chaos!! There are way too many people, and most of the tables seemed very close together. The noise level is really loud. I definitely will not bring my older relatives here, as they might find it too hectic. It seems like the people at Caesar's had a very obscure shaped room to fit in a buffet of this size. [THE FOOD]: Besides long lines, and chaotic atmosphere, the food here is really really good. The Asian section is probably one of the most authentic tasting Asian section at any Las Vegas buffet. This also goes for the rest of the buffet. The cocktail shrimps they serve are also one of the largest sized cocktail shrimp of any Vegas buffet I've tried.  My sister and I stood in line for the steamed crabs for at least 20 minutes. Determined that we were not going to wait in this line again, we practically filled mountain high 2 plates each (4 plates total), with a layer of cocktail shrimp, and a  huge pile of king crabs on top (we had 4 plates of these). Needless to say, we were a little carried away with how much we brought for my family of 4, but I think we pretty much were satisfied with how much shrimp and crab we ate, that it justified the $50 dinner cost. Also their dessert section is amazing. They also have different flavored mochi and gelato.[THE SERVICE]: Our server was amazing, in terms of getting our drinks, and cleaning our finished plates. No complaints at all here.  [THE GOOD]: - some of the best tasting buffet food hands down- the selection and variety is amazing, - the presentation of the foods in the small plates is very nice[THE BAD]- long Lines to get into the buffet, - more lines in the buffet to get the food- chaotic atmosphere- noise level is high, definitely not a place for a romantic dinner- One design flaw of the buffet is the line for the steamed crabs. The people that stood in line for the steamed crabs blocked off the whole seafood section. So for the people that did not want steamed crabs, but lets say want a piece of salmon in the seafood section, you couldn't because the people in line for the steamed crabs stood right in front of the food. I guess you could try to sneak in between people in the steamed crab line to get some food, but everybody in line for the steamed crabs had the "I'm waiting in line, you should too" face.  This design flaw also applies to the meat carving section. The line for the meat carving section blocked off another section of the buffet, hence other people couldn't get to those foods either. At one point the line for the steamed crabs and meat carving section blended together, to form one mega line, that caused a lot of confusion. The issue is, they steam the crabs a little at a time, so the line went really really sloowwww. The line wasn't moving at multiple points. We waited at least 20 minutes to get the steamed crabs. They really should place a line divider for the people in these lines so they don't block half of the buffet. [OVERALL EXPERIENCE]: I've always wanted to try the Bacchanal buffet ever since it opened. We asked the waiter if its always like this, but they said its less crowded on the weekdays, and at earlier times. If I go again next time, I'm going to go at 3:30 PM, and try to avoid the 6 PM dinner crowd.
3	Was here on the weekend and waited 2 hours in the line.  You go through a line to get to a line where they make you wait to get seated.  While waiting in the second line you see many empty tables where they would not seat any of the people waiting in line.  Not to mention the girl who is in front of me all alone who took as long as we did (party of 2) to get seated also.  Not to mention them seating big tables before you who were in line before them!  so one star for their attentiveness.  Food was good, variety is a plenty.  Just didn't like the amount they had out so you had to wait for them to make a few things while you are waiting.  Not to mention, they were running out of things, especially you are suppose to be a buffet place.  They had snow crabs legs and at the VERY end brought out the king crab legs, talk about cheap.  SO two stars here.Overall experience, it was ok.  Not work my two hours to wait here.  Rather take the time and go to the M buffet off the strip.
4	Considering my last Vegas buffet was anything but satisfying at the Mandalay Bay, Bacchanal was very good, The only problem is they have so much to choose from, you can't possibly try it all. I guess that's incentive to go back. The deserts were great, especially the pecan and key lime tarts. I concentrated on the Italian and Mexican food stations mostly. The Asian and seafood looked very appetizing as well. I'll be back.
5	Came again for dinner after first experiencing it at the yelp elite event. So a couple things have changed, such as you have to get here early if you want to try everything!  Example, Chocolate covered strawberries (the size of your fist) come out at about 7pm and are all gone by 8pm. They still make souffles (chocolate, pistachio, or banana) to order, but you have to ask as they don't have them sitting out there readily. They have added mochi ice cream, and they don't replenish the fresh oysters as quickly as before. Also, they don't keep restocking the beet salad. I got there around 5:30pm on a weekday, and the line was about a 45 minute wait to the end of the waiting line ropes. By the time I got to the front the line looked an hour and a half long, it snaked past the ropes and back to the pool area entrance, eek. Anyways, the food was still as delicious as ever. The oysters were cold and fresh, the crab legs were sweet (best eaten cold even though they will heat them up for you in a pot of hot water), the prime rib, ribeye, and lamb rack were cooked perfectly medium rare, great variety of charctuerie, delicious version of caprese salad and beet salad with goat cheese. For those asians out there, they have a very nicely done asian soup of black chicken with longon and stuff in the asian section. I saw asians grabbing 2 bowls at a time. They also have those soup dumplings that got famous in new york. Desserts were amazing with macarons, tiramisu, souffle, crepes, lollipop cakes, (didn't get to the chocolate covered strawberries because they ran out), mochi ice cream, gelato and sorbets (give the blood orange sorbet or the thai tea gelato a try). I kept wanting to eat more but my stomach just was not able to hold everything. As I told my boyfriend, I looked 5 months pregnant with my food baby belly after eating here. Word of advice if you want to save a couple bucks, get your Caesar's Total Rewards card (the casino gaming club card) before you get to the front of the line, it takes about $3 off the cost of the buffet.
5	This is hands down my new fav buffet place in Vegas. I never thought I'd find another buffet that impress me more than Bellagio's, but boy am I wrong.Go early, or you'd have to wait in a crazy long line. They shuck oysters in front of you and these are the freshest oysters ever, and that my friend, says a lot. They have a wide selection of delicious food from all around the world. My fav were the oysters and Kobe sliders. Oh yum yum yum!!!
4	Went for early lunch and were seated within 10 minutes.  Started with Kobe beef slider which was pink in the middle, cooked and seasoned to perfection.  Also had a crispy fried chicken leg with sweet potato fries with sea salt also very tasty.  The truffle scalloped potatoes were hands down my favorite.  Had the lobster corn chowder which was delicious but was cold.  Would have tasted way better served hot.  Next tried Mexican with the Red Chili Pozole which had lots of pork chunks, no skimping there.  The beans were so tasty I think they added a bit of longaniza to give it depth and it really worked.  The pork carnitas was seasoned well but a bit dry for my liking.  Cheeses and Charcuterie were yummy with cheddar, manchego, parm, salami, mortadella, you name it, all delish.  Didn't try any Asian this time but did save room for dessert.  Creme Brulee was not quite firm enough but the chocolate fondant cake was divine as was the dark chocolate and raspberry tart.  Our server was en pointe but I did hear others around me who couldn't get their servers to get them a glass of water and the lunch crowd hadn't even really arrived yet.  I will definitely be back and glad we arrived early.  When we left there was a 1 hour wait.
5	OMG! Ok so I thought Bellagio had the Best Buffet. And they might still have that title, but Bacchanal is running a very VERY close second. I loved the modern decor and soothing sounds blaring. The food variety was amazing. I like to hit the buffet around 10am, just before 11 when they start to turn over to lunch service. This way you get the best of both worlds. Get your taste of breakfast, then taste test all of the great Italian, Asian and classic American dishes. And though you spend $25 (or more) to dine, it's kinda worth it. You get to taste all kinds of great food, and if you go at the right time (and pace yourself), you'll be full for til dinner! This place is a must!
5	This is the best buffet I've ever been to, and I know buffets when I see them. But first, some quick tips:1. Parking is plentiful in the Caesar's structure. Try parking on the outside rooftop 5th floor. It has direct access to an elevator that takes you to the back area of Caesar's casino.2. The buffet is located near the entrance to the pools. It is where the old Caesar's buffet used to be.3. Arrive early to beat the line. We got in at 4:15 PM on a Wednesday and waited about 30 minutes to get in.4. Lunch ends at 3 and dinner begins at 3. Technically this means you can do the old get in for lunch and dinner strat for cheaper prices. I wish I took pictures so my eyes could continue to feast on the offerings that the Bacchanal Buffet. Anyways, I could talk about how amazing the food was, but that wasn't just the best part.I love the decor of this place. It reminds me of candy glass and it has a very vibrant and colorful look. The Asian/Italian station in the back seems to be a bit more intimate and dark though.My favorites in terms of the food was the great dessert offerings that they have. There were different types of gelato with more exotic flavors along with the typical flavors for those less adventurous. There were all you can eat macarons and I gorged myself heavily on them.In terms of the regular offerings I was surprised at how tender the prime rib was and the crab was so fresh. They also offered to steam crab for you on the spot so that it doesn't get all rubbery like other places where the crab has been sitting out for a long time. Another pleasant surprise was how authentic the Chinese offerings were. The Chinese style ribs were very good and the dim sum offerings were wonderful.I enjoyed the sushi, but my girlfriend thought it was a bit dry. Their other American offerings were pretty decent, but nothing to rave about. I didn't like the chicken tenders. They were really weirdly breaded and seemed a little undercooked. Besides that though, the other offerings made me forget about that small oversight. I also really enjoyed the Mexican stuff that they had! Especially the made to order tacos and the large salsa bar.I would definitely check out Bacchanal Buffet if you got the chance!
2	I'm pretty easily pleased but I have to think the people who rate this place so highly never went to the old buffet at Caesars? Basically it's 90% of the old food in a renovated room at a premium price. We went for the brunch in Good Friday, we arrived at 7am. $40.99 per person. I'd break my review down like this; Service: 9/10 staff were excellent. Display / Information: 2/10, signs on the wrong food, had no idea of what some dishes were & overheard a waiter ask if they were doing brunch or breakfast that day, so they weren't even sure, but they still charged $40. Food: 5/10, took 45 mins for the shrimp and crab legs to appear, be ready at opening times or don't open.  Honestly, catch a cab to The Palms and do their $5.99 breakfast buffet and besides the room and the kitschy skillets tell me the difference. Fail Caesars.
3	My family and I (group of 8) tried the new buffet on a Saturday night.  It is good my uncle has platinum status as the regular line was really long.  We even waited about 20 minutes in the platinum line. Also, because we had a large group, we had to split the group into two tables so I did not see half my family during the whole dinner. I would say overall the food is really good here.  As with any typically buffet, they had food from all different countries, styles, etc.  Everyone I had was good.  My main issue with the place is all of their action stations.  They seem to not have enough staff to cover the amount of people that want food from the action stations.  There were really long lines and it blocked others from getting the food that was already prepared.  I missed many stations because the lines were blocking the way.  They have to either hirer more staff to move the lines along faster or they need to somehow arrange the lines so they are not blocking other people.  I would probably try the buffet again but definitely not for dinner on a Saturday night.
4	This was definitely one of the best buffets on the strip.  There was a huge variety of food that there was no way you could try it all. The seafood selection was awesome, but if course the line was the longest so unless you really wanted it, it was a bit of a deterrent.  I was able to grab some oysters and an oyster shooter which I enjoyed.The selection and quality of Asian food was above some of the other high end buffets on the strip.One of my favorite items were the sweet potato tater tots.  Went back for seconds.The desserts were good, but I was hoping for more or a larger variety and quality.  I am a dessert person, so I wasn't wow'ed.I was here over the Thanksgiving holiday so the line was super long and I was a bit disappointed to find out there was no unlimited mimosas or bloody Mary's offered with the buffet price, which was higher than normal as well.
3	This is probably the best buffet I've been to in Vegas. The had a variety of things from raw seafood to grilled meats to chinese food. I love eating raw oysters but the oysters here lacked any taste. The grilled meats were good but only if you got a piece that wasn't overcooked. I went back for the ribeye multiple times and it was a hit or miss. I arrived at around 5:30 and didn't have to wait at all. Left around 7ish and saw the huge line. If you do go to a Vegas buffet, wait for this one. If you've already been here once it's probably not worth it to wait again.
5	this is probably my favorite buffet in las vegasthere is so much variety and its all really well madethey fresh baked goods are really really goodthe asian section doesn't have much vegetarian selection but the chefs can make something for you if you askthere is a cheese section that was really goodthe pizza was made really really wellthere's a fried food section with sweet potato tater tots. these are really delicious. i don't even like sweet potato but these are made so well!there's a juice section with juice in bottles that you can take to your table. everything from tropical fruit juice to cucumber juice!i couldn't eat the mexican section because was too fullthe dessert section is pretty unbelievable. there's a ton of variety. the gelato is really really good. this is one to remember. i'll be back
2	I have been here for my Easter Dinner with my hubby drove over 7 + hours but end up very disappointed. We spend $60/person for this buffet, we come here for their seafood station, but we found that the oyster is so skinny & the crab leg is smaller then my pinky finger. Compare with Makino Seafood Buffet in Vegas or Irvine, their oyster & crab leg even better than here!!!  I won't come back again.  It's not worth the price they are charging!!!
4	Food was GREAT! The asian food section was GREAT!!! the sushi was so-so.... ive had way better at sloppier joints... There was also a mexican, american, and italian section...  All of it was reallly good! Now, the desserts were not that great.... I was actually pretty disappointed in the desserts :( and thats what I was looking forward to the most :(
4	We went for Easter Brunch and it was $49.99 a person. That's a little pricey! But we waited for 35 min line so we paid and then waited in another line for 15 min to be seated. The dining area is beautiful. The tables are a little close together, so eating was a little uncomfortable with your neighbor just over your shoulder.The food is great. Fresh and hot!! Lots of selection and great flavors. Some of the food is packaged in cute little baskets but the portions were too big for a Buffett portion.All in all, it was a great Buffett. Almost worth the $50 a person. It goes down to $32 on regular a Sunday Brunch. It is great for that price!!
4	Every person that patronizes this institution should be required to enroll in DARE after  the meal. Except unlike 6th grade, it's not about drug abuse this time. It's Diners Against Rage-ful Eating. I went with a few girlfriends to celebrate a pal's pregnancy and although only one of the five of us was with child going into Bacchanal, somehow all five of us left pregnant, the last four of us with food babies. How did this happen!?Well. I'll tell you what happened. Caesars went and renovated their buffet and pulled themselves up from zero to hero with their multi-million dollar remodel. Suddenly they are boasting 500 items - 500 items OF QUALITY, I should add. There are stations for salad, carving, seafood (you can request for your crab legs to be steamed!), Asian, Italian, American, etc. Be smart and strategize - take a mini tour of what's available so you can mentally prep your stomach accordingly. People, it's all about the pacing. The service is impeccable and each employee tries to make conversation with as many guests they are in contact with, so you don't feel like you're just having prime rib slapped on your plate from the cafeteria lady. The price tag can initially give you some sticker shock but remember: with this buffet, you're paying for both quality and quantity, not one or the other. Happy noshing!
4	We came here on a Monday night to celebrate my wife's birthday.   We arrived at 6:30 and waited about 45 minutes.   It was nice considering that I have waited at other buffets for 3 hours.  Dinner on a Monday night was $44.99.  The cashier gave us their "Total Reward" discount, even though I did not have my card.   Dinner for the child was a mere $25.   This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.  Unfortunately, I do not have enough money and stomach space to eat at the top rated buffets more often to be able to say that it is the best buffet.  The food was very good.  We had way too much crab legs, mussels, shrimp and other shellfish.  It was a good thing that I brought my cholesterol medication so that I could eat more.  I tried my crab legs hot, but, by the time I started eating them, it was lukewarm.  Not a big difference between hot and cold.  The carving station was okay.  Well done meats are not edible.  When I went back for something less cooked, it was perfection.  The lamb was a hit and miss.  I had a piece that was full of salt, and a couple other pieces that were perfectly seasoned.  There were many things that I did not have an opportunity to try.The Asian woman working in the dessert station deserves her own paragraph.  The daughter and I asked her if they had a candle since it was my wife's birthday.  She told me that she did, but, told me to wait a minute.  She went to the other side of her workstation, and starting doing something with wax paper.  I thought to myself, "Why did I ask?  This girl just ignored me.  I'll never get my candle".   A few minutes later, she gives me a dish.   She wrote in chocolate on the dish "Happy Birthday!" and she also handed me a candle.  But, that wasn't all!  She then took a flan, and put it on the dish that she had prepared for me.  She then took the candle back from me and placed it on the flan.   Like a helpless person, I then asked if she had matches to light my candle.   She had something better!  She grabbed her torch and lit the candle for me.  I could not thank her enough.  She was the best employee there that I encountered.Service was okay.  They cleared our plates frequently during the beginning of our meal.  But, toward the end of our meal, they stopped coming.  Our waitress did keep my cup filled.  Overall, this is a very good buffet.   Good food with lots of selections with some outstanding employees.   I'll be back!  Hopefully, someone can treat us next time!
3	After hearing all the buzz about Bacchanal buffet, my friends and I decided to go here for Saturday brunch/lunch while we were in Vegas. We got up early (by Vegas standards, at least) and headed over to Caesar's Palace around 10:30-11:00AM. There was no line to pay, and only a few parties ahead of us to be seated. This is where the first problem came up - the servers seemed to be SUPER CONFUSED! There were 3 of them at the hostess stand staring at the iPad seating arrangement chart and it seemed like they could not figure out where to seat everyone when you could CLEARLY see a bunch of empty tables just waiting to be filled! (NOTE: this may have irritated me more due to hunger)After we were seated, our server was very nice and friendly and brought us waters, juices, and a mimosa for one of my friends. Then we were off! Bacchanal's Asian station is BY FAR the most diverse and delicious Asian station at any Vegas buffet I've seen! They had dim sum (ha gao, shu mai, chicken sticky rice wrapped in a lotus leaf, leek dumplings, etc.), they had a noodle station that offered pho, ramen, and udon. They had Thai (spring rolls), Korean (bulgogi) and Japanese (sushi) offerings as well.The pizza is delicious!! Thin crust, but able to support the weight of the toppings and nice and flavorful. There was a bunch of different pastas and the egg station that I didn't try. I really liked the croque madam sandwich (super cute portion), tater tots were nice and crispy and they had standard breakfasty foods like: eggs benedict, sausage, scrambled eggs, etc.The seafood was a bit limited at brunch/lunch (more is offered after 3:00 PM). But they had mussels and crab legs. There was also fresh juices served in cute glass milk bottles - orange, cucumber, tropical, and melon.DESSERT: lots of offerings! I tried the carrot cake (not carroty AT ALL), cheesecake (nice and dense, but a bit dry), and some of the sorbets. They do NOT have a gelato station but their sorbet offerings are SO GOOD! very unique such as balsamic fib, thai tea, watermelon mint, red bean, Aztec chocolate, chili mango and lots more! I'm glossing over the other 50 desserts they offer but it runs along the lines of pastries and baked goodies.I liked the buffet, but I don't think I would come back because of the price $50+. Wicked Spoon is better (and cheaper!)
5	Bacchanal is hands down the most outstanding buffet on the Vegas strip. In fact, it was the highlight of my recent Vegas trip.At Bacchanal, you will find the following stations: Mexican, Italian, Chinese/Vietnamese, Japanese, American/carvery, seafood, pizza, deli and dessert. I like Bacchanal because the food is fresh, made-to-order right in front of your eyes. Most of the dishes are prepared in small plates, so you won't feel like you ate too much. The trend of using small plates at buffets is thoughtful since it reduces the amount of potentially unfinished food. If you are a fan of boiled Alaska king crab legs, mussel, oyster shooters, or ceviche, then you belong here. Imagine yourself walking up to the seafood section, handing over your plate, and walking back to your table with a plate stacked with crab legs - unlimited amount of times. Note that Bacchanal is one of the few Vegas buffets that still carries crab legs (probably due to budget cuts).The Chinese section at Vegas buffets is typically avoided by Asians, but probably not here. I found the congee and juicy char siu to be very delicious at Bacchanal and worthy of sampling. In fact, the char siu was very popular, so be sure to grab a few pieces. Basic nigiri (tuna and salmon) was available in small quantities. The fish was fresh. Don't expect thick cuts or sauces - just fish and rice. There was also a black chicken soup at the Asian station that I recommend if you are looking for a very light hearty Chinese soup. Skip the Mexican station. Why eat oily tacos and quesadillas when you can save room in your stomach for the seafood and the tender prime rib or brisket at the carvery? Go get your money's worth!Pace yourself and save room for the fancy desserts. Or feel free to eat desserts first. The dessert selection is phenomenal. You will find an island full of cakes, tarts, flan, cupcakes, all prepared with extraordinary culinary sophistication. The desserts at Bacchanal are far superior to the other Vegas-strip buffets, in terms of variety, creativity, and quality.Notes:1. The menu on the cover image is outdated. Weekend dinner (Fri-Sat-Sun) is now $50.99 ($55 including tax) and weekday dinner (M-Th) is $44.99. 2. Be prepared for a long wait. Don't come if you are an impatient person. Sunday dinner at 8pm sounded like a time when most people left Vegas already, but at that hour, I was still met with a 60 minute wait. There was still a line at 9:30pm. 3. Once you get into the buffet, you may have to wait in line again for food. The longest line was for the boiled crab legs (~20 minute wait). The second longest line was the carvery (~10 minute wait). Fortunately, you won't encounter lines for anything other than the meat and seafood.4. Pace yourself. Save room for the desserts. Wear loose clothing before coming.5. Soft drinks are complimentary. Alcoholic beverages are not included in the buffet cost.6. Purchase the Buffet of Buffets 24 hour pass ($49.99) if you intend to try other buffets after Bacchanal.7. I ate at the Wynn Buffet the next day, and without a doubt, Bacchanal was 5x more impressive than the Wynn.
5	Definitely the best buffet I've had in Vegas. The selection is truly diverse and high in quality. They've got everything from dim sum to enchiladas. A taco station and a crepe station. When the crowds have eaten a selection up, Bacchanal replaces it with another completely different food. Always fresh, always changing.
3	The BACCHANAL BUFFET at Caesar's is billed as the best buffet in Vegas.Pro's - the buffet provides a wide variety of dishes: seafood, Mexican, Asian, Italian pasta's, large selection of meats, and a large variety of desserts. Everything that we tried was well prepared, hot and appetizing. Con's - the noise level was horrible. Music was too loud.  Finally, the cost. Price was $45.99/person. Conclusion: BACCHANAL BUFFET is good food even if the environment is annoying. The best buffet in Vegas? No, we still prefer the buffet at Bellagio.
5	Best buffet. This is definitely worth the money. The choice of food was the highest quality and something for everyone. Will definitely go again.
3	Caesars Palace New Buffet. Trying to be like Wicked Spoon, eh.Sorry Caesars, Wicked Spoon still wins in my book. Yeah you got the Seafood going on but other than that your average.
5	Definitely the best on the strip. A hefty price but for quality food that is well presented and with very good service. The selection of food was amazing and the non-standards were surprising highlights. We expected (and got) a great selection of seafood with a raw bar loaded with crab, oysters, jumbo shrimp (already peeled) and mussels but the ceviche, spicy crawfish and seafood gaspachio topped it off nicely. We expected lamb chops and prime rib but not the Mexican pozole, taco station and the chile verde which were all excellent. Pastas looked great but I really enjoyed the Peking duck, kalbi and  spicy fish and real chinese broccoli in the beef and broccoli was a treat. The kids enjoyed the dim sum, fried rice and the pizza. Don't forget to leave room for  the deserts: from creme brulee to mochi and a crepe station plus sorbets and cookies. Wow! Remember to pace yourself and try a little of everything as it is easy to overeat one thing and not be able to try it all.
4	Let me just say that I am not a fan of buffets in general, but this place made a believer of a GOOD buffet.  If you love seafood, this is the place. They have wide variety of dishes, all priced at $49.99. I loved their seafood selection. I normally don't go for any desserts, but I couldn't stay away from their desserts! They were so yummy.  We had a bottle of the sauvignon blanc. Don't remember the name, but they only have one kind.  It was delicious.  I think you can get a better deal if you purchase "buffet of buffets" deal, and your meals are taken care of for the day.
4	Love the new meat station...would get 5 stars  if the upgrade fee made it included as part of the buffet pass instead of just a one time entrance
3	Food was awesome, service was not.Easter weekend dinner was 60 bucks per person. Having the Total Rewards card provided a $1 discount. Beware that there are different lines depending on the size of our party--the cashier did not tell us and we had to wait an extra 15 min. The hostess seating us told us champagne was served all day but the server said no. Checked with another server and he didn't get back to us for the rest of the evening and avoided our table. Not very professional. Could've just come by and say that the champagne wasn't available at all. Our server disappeared for the first part of our meal and we had no drink refills for a while until we flagged down another server. The seafood section was great. Mussels, clams, lobster chowder, shrimp cocktail, crab labs, and oysters. The meats were cut against the grain and not very tender. Edamame was dry and not fresh, but the juicy pork dumplings were good, albeit a bit dry sitting under the heat lamps. They also have the Chinese herbal soup with ginseng and chicken, which is a good way to help cleanse your palate after all the seafood! Dessert was unbelievable with the macarons, mochi ice cream, various ice cream flavors, crepes, and cheesecake on a stick. However, no chocolate covered strawberries and the chocolate chip cookies were in fact raisin even though it was labeled as chocolate chip. I can see how it was amazing when they first opened, but they are starting to go downhill.The plus side was that my bf saw Cee Lo Green while waiting in line for more prime rib.
5	WED, MARCH 27, 2013 // 12:00PM-2:00PM                  PRICE FOR 2: $63.98 (TR price) + $5.18 (tax) + $10.84 (tip) = $80.00                 WAIT: 15-20mins                 SERVER: DAWN - (4/5). She looked frazzled but always made time to check up on us. Asked me if I wanted more Peachy Tea when I finished, refilled our waters, & brought us 2 carafes when we asked for coffee.FRI, MARCH 29, 2013 // 5:00PM-7:30PM                 PRICE FOR 2: $99.98 (TR price) + $8.10 (tax) + $16.42 (tip) = $124.50                 WAIT: 25-30mins                 SERVER: IRANDA - (1/5). We had to chase her down 3x, she ignored our table completely. When we asked for coffee, she brought us 1/2 empty cups (spilled coffee all over the saucers). VINCE (4/5), not our server, was friendly, paid closer attention & cleared our table multiple times._________________________Bacchanal can be overwhelming since there are a LOT of dishes to choose from. Between Bacchanal & Wicked Spoon, if you only have time for one and care more about the selection - go to Bacchanal. (Save room for the CREPES!) THINGS I CRAVE: 1.) Lasagna, 2.) Prime Rib, 3.) Crepes, 4.) Machaca, 5.) Posole.Personally, though, Wicked Spoon still wins in just a few minor areas: a few key dishes that are well executed, bone marrow at dinner, and smooth creamy gelato as opposed to the grainy ice cream at Bacchanal. It's also slightly less expensive, less crowded, and comes with much more consistently reliable service.CONSENSUS: Would try to make time for both on my next trip to Vegas - Bacchanal for lunch, Wicked Spoon for dinner._________________________KEY:(-) Skip(+) Try(++) Love(D) DinnerNo Symbol: 1.) never tried or 2.) feel indifferent_________________________::: [ SAMPLE OF THE SPREAD ] :::DID NOT SEE: Foie gras soup[ FRESH JUICES (Lunch) ]OrangeCarrotMelonTropical (-)CucumberTomatoGrapefruitWatermelon (+)Apple[ ASIAN ]Mapo Tofu (+)Pork & Shrimp Fried RiceVegetable Lo MeinBeef BroccoliKung Pao ChickenVietnamese Spring RollPotstickersXiao Long Bao (-) dry shell, no soup insideLeek Cake DumplingLotus Wrapped Sticky RiceSiu Mai (+)Char Siu BaoHot & Sour SoupCongee w/Chinese DoughnutsEdamameSeaweed Salad (++) better than some of my fave SF sushi bars'Vietnamese Spring RollTuna Poke Salad (+)Salmon PokeEbi SaladSpicy Fish (+)Orange ChickenChar Siu PorkChinese BBQChinese Roasted Duck w/Hoisin Sauce (+) not comparable to Asia/SF, but tasty*SUSHI: Spicy Tuna Roll, Ebi, Shrimp Tempura Roll, California Roll*ASIAN SOUPS: Pho, Udon Noodle, Tonkatsu Ramen[ ITALIAN ] Large Meatballs (+)Meatball Slider (+)Penne ala Vodka (+)Chicken Primavera w/Orecchiette & PestoBaked Rigatoni w/Spicy ItalianBaked Beef Lasagna w/Ricotta (++)Mozarella PinwheelGarlic Knot*PIZZA: Four Cheese Pizza, Pepperoni[ MEXICAN ]Chiccharones (-)Machaca con Salsa (++)Carnitas con Salsa Mexicana (+)Chile Verde (+)Red Posole (+)Mexican Rice & Beans*TACOS TO ORDER: Carnitas, Al Pastor, Pollo, Carne Asada[ RANDOM SOUPS & BREAD ]ChiliClam Chowder"Baked" French Onion SoupAssorted Breads: 8+ kinds[ MEATS ]Chicken SausageSpicy Sausage (+)Turkey SausageSlow Roasted Prime Rib (++)Veal SteakKC Style Spare Ribs (D)Sliders w/Cheddar CheeseFried ChickenChicken WingsWaffle FriesOnion RingsPotato Tater TotsSweet Potato Tater TotsMashed PotatoesClassic Brown GravyBaked BeansCarrotsCorn on the CobBroccoli & Cheddar Cheese Casserole (+)Mac & Cheese[ SEAFOOD ]Oyster ShooterCeviche (+)Seafood GazpachoSeafood SaladLobster Corn Chowder (+)Clam BakeMussels MeuniereShrimpGrilled Salmon w/ArugulaCrawfishShrimp & GritsCocktail ShrimpGreen Lip MusselsOystersCrab (D) (+)[ COLD FOODS, SALADS ]Pineapple SlicesWatermelon SlicesGreek SaladSeven Bean SaladPotato SaladWatermelon & Feta SaladLechuga Orajona con AguacateArtichoke, Asparagus & Radicchio Salad*COLD CUTS: 6 Types*CHEESES: 5 Types[ DESSERT ]Apple PieRed Velvet CakeTropical CakePanna CottaTiramisuChocolate Passion FruitBabaPecan TartChocolate Praline SliceCheesecakeKey LimeCreme Caramel (+)Vanilla Creme Brulee (++)Chocolate Chip CookieChocolate Creme BruleeChocolate Covered StrawberryChocolate Decadence PopsChocolate Mousse ConeGula Melaka (+)*SUGAR FREE: Vanilla Brulee, Cheesecake*CUPCAKES: Chocolate, Lemon Strawberry, Peanut Butter*CREPES: (++) DO NOT SKIP THIS. I recommend you open up the crepe after they pass you one, then using the Nutella sauce, banana foster, & cinnamon sugar before you close it back up. Then ask for a scoop of ice cream. ;-) The best crepes I've had in the US.[ DESSERT: ICE CREAM ]French ToastFig BalsamicRed BeanValhrona ChocolateBrown Butter CaramelToasted PistachioThai TeaStrawberry CheesecakeAztec ChocolateEspressoSour CherryBaklavaRoasted CoconutBlood OrangeSticky ToffeeWatermelon Mint SorbetMango Chile Lime Sorbet*MOCHI: 7 Types (++)OUT OF CHARACTERS
5	This was my first real las vegas buffet. It was amazing. So many selections american, seafood, asian, mexican etc. it is very expensive but so is everything in vegas. The one downside is if your group is 8 or more they charge the standard 18% but $71.00 for a buffet meal is a little much don't you think? A lot of the dishes come on little individual plates, bowls our even lil baskets for the fried foods. Better quality than a regular buffet for sure. Go early to avoid long lines snag make sure you have plenty of rom in your stomach to get your moneys worth.
3	It is ok for what it is. I was just disappointed by all the hype. It was not worth the price of admission. They do serve some specialties that other buffets don't serve.
2	Tried this place out after reading all the hype.  I'm underwhelmed.  So first of all, we're there for Easter weekend so for whatever reason they charged $60 a head.  Alright fine, I knew going in this was one of the expensive buffets but I could not tell if they had any specialty food that they don't normally serve.  All of the Yelp reviews and pictures tell of food that is NOT guaranteed to be there.  So do not get your hopes up with what you read here.  It looked like the usual buffet slop... Seafood, American, Italian, Asian, salad, dessert.  I did not get a chance to try the asian food but I heard it was good.  The rest of the food was "meh".Nice try but Wicked Spoon is still better.
1	Went on Easter and was excited to try this place after my cousin raved about it. I was shocked that it cost $60 per person for a buffet but I don't mind paying for good food. I was looking forward to eating the stone crab claws after seeing pictures of it posted on Yelp except there was none. Instead of king crab legs, they had snow crab legs that hardly had any meat. Tried other foods instead and everything just tasted ok, dessert wasn't great either, won't go back.
4	We came here on a Thursday at 2pm.  I had read horror stories about the lines so I walked by around 1 pm and there was no line.  When we went back to eat at 2 pm, still no line.  When we left around 3pm, still no line.  So either the line stories are exaggerations or we got lucky.  Either way, I'll take it.Price per person for lunch (with the casino rewards card) = $31.99.  Dinner was $44.99 per person.  We were seated at the same time as one other guy who was dining alone.  What I found interesting is his receipt had "TIP" stamped on it in bold black ink, so I assume he left a tip on his card when he paid.  We didn't.  The hostess sat both of us with one table in between us.  The server came over and looked at his receipt and hardly said a word to him.  She came and looked at our receipt and all of sudden started the spiel about where everything was located, things to look for, and reminded us to save room for dessert.  She was very prompt in refilling drinks and clearing plates.  At the end of course we left a tip, but I kinda wonder if she blew the other guy off because he'd already left a tip whereas she had to work for ours.  Who knows?  Just an interesting observation.Anyway, on to the important stuff - the food!  We were there for lunch so there's a more limited selection of items but there were still an absolute ton of things to choose from.  We started at the far end at the asian section and worked our way back toward the seafood section (where we stopped because neither of us eat seafood).  My favorite thing in the asian section were the pot stickers.  Crunchy outer shell and very tasty.  In the salad section (yes, I know, who bothers with salad at a buffet?) I found the greek salad to be really good.  I would have eaten more but even I was a little concerned about the fact that I was eating salad at a buffet.  There was a whole section of sliced meats and cheeses that we did not try.  In the Italian section I was disappointed because they were out of the lasagna and I never made it back over there to see if they had made more, but the meatballs were SO good!!  At the Mexican station they will make tacos for you on a rotating grill.  You can have carne asada, pork or chicken.  I liked the chicken best, my husband prefered the pork.  We skipped the breads and soups.  My husband tried the prime rib and enjoyed it.  They had little baskets of fried food - fried chicken, french fries, tater tots, wings, onion rings, etc.  Everything we tried there was good.  On either side of the meat carving station you will find veggies and sides - broccoli, asparagus, mashed potatoes, fingerling potatoes, mac and cheese, etc.  There was honestly only one thing I tried that I did not like and that was the wagyu beef sliders.  The only reason I didn't like them is because they were pretty rare and I just can't handle meat that isn't well done.Our server wasn't kidding when she said to save room for dessert... man oh man do they make some good crepes!  They make them to order and you can put your own toppings on!  They have a fresh berry mix, strawberries, caramelized bananas, chocolate sauce, caramel sauce, fresh whipped cream, etc.  I almost wish I had started with dessert - the crepe was so good!  They also had mini cupcakes, different types of cakes, cake pops, a chocolate lava cake (yum!), and a bunch of different types of ice cream.  I couldn't try it all and I was so upset with the limitations of my stomach.  Next time I come to Vegas I will make sure I have a very empty stomach before coming to Bacchanal.  We tried one other buffet while in town, down on Fremont Street.  It was half the price but about 1/16th the quality of food.  My advice is suck it up and pay the money - the food is worth it!
5	Abundant. Appetizing. Diverse. Dynamic. Mouth-watering. Beautiful Presentation of food that will leave you breathtaken by it! Hungry yet? It sure is a fantastic splendiferous gourmet international buffet with excellent food presentation and deliciousness that will blow your mind and unbelievably mouthwatering and a feast for the eyes, that is sinful to the point of bacchanalianism, (that is to go so driven, in drunken revelry, in excess, and wild). Bacchanal is openly decadent at $17 million extraordinarily modern 25,000 square feet venue which seats 600 with 9 open kitchens, more than 500 dishes daily by a team of master chefs in sleek contemporary atmosphere with sleek dinnerwares. Bacchanal in Caesars Palace which overlooks the world-famous Garden of the Gods pool oasis at Caesars Palace is contemporary excess to both mind, sight, and gastronomic senses! An extreme buffet! Here's my epicureanism picks from the buffet as evidenced in my photos...From left - right, top line: tuna ahi poke (in round clay bowl), clams espresso (in mini-tin can), seafood ceviche (in square glass canister), oyster shooter (in a tall shooter glass), sweet potato tots (in mini frying rack), ice cold lemon water, iced tea.On plate: carrot balls, grilled asparagus, spicy crab sushi, italian meatballs, chinese shumai, steamed lemon halibut, steamed salmon, roast duck, saffron arroz rojo, real mexican guacomole....  And there were many more... Irresistible! these delectable desserts presented in cute-sy sized portions in which one would be mindful to their manners on how to eat such dainty presented desserts that resemble an art form!  Here's my favorites: pecan bar (with a stick of milk chocolate and a drop of dark chocolate as topping, as seen on an orange-colored square platter), key lime pie (with leaf-shaped chocolate as topping, as seen on a mint-colored square platter), chocolate creme brulee (in blue ramekin), fig and balsamic ice cream and watermelon and mint ice cream (both in white bowl), candied almonds: all yummmmy!!  There were many more to have had but this brings to mind another, or a second or more visits. Why ever not? So should you. Expect a line or a wait to the venue. Or maybe shouldn't.; to leave a table for us who regularly loves partaking of the buffet every time we hunger bacchanalian style! Bacchanalian hungry yet?
3	We went for breakfast on a Tuesday morning.  It cost  $25.99 plus tax not including tip.  There was a line on the bill for a tip when I paid, but I prefer to tip after I receive the service.  The prices were not listed at the cash register.  The wait in line was not bad at all.The food was beautifully displayed with fresh juices in mini carafes when you first walk in for breakfast.  They had orange, melon, carrot, cucumber, tropical, tomato, grapefruit, etc.There were Red Velvet Pancakes on a giant rotating griddle.  Later there were tortillas on it.There was a carving station with sausages, Salmon Wellington, and meats.  One sausage was very spicy!  The Salmon Wellington was very flaky and good with the dill sauce on the side.The individual egg dishes were cute, but luke warm and dried out.  The tater tots, onion rings, and waffle fries were in mini frying baskets.  They were sitting under warmers.  I like my fries hot and freshly fried.The Xiao Long Bao was deflated, dried out, and had very little soup inside.  But it was so cute in the mini bamboo basket.  The broccoli in the Broccoli Beef was over cooked.  The Shrimp Fried Rice was hard, but the shrimp were tender.  The Lotus Wrapped Sticky Rice had a generous portion of filling inside.The breakfast desserts mainly consisted on croissants and danishes.  There was a vanilla pudding in a shotglass with assorted berries.  I ate 4 of them.  My friend had the Crepe made-to order with fresh whipped cream and berries.  It looked very good.Overall, the temperature and freshness of the food was very disappointing.  I would not come back for that price.
4	Bacchanal has definitely barged its way into my top three buffets in Vegas, and not quitely!  This new location will definitely become my go to buffet and has finally trumped The Buffet at the Wynn since the grand opening.  The only other comprable buffet is the Wicked Spoon, which opened not too long ago at the Cosmo.  Service is always great, but the line can be long, so line up early.  The dining area itself is beautiful, and the food just tastes of a higher quality.Some memorable items: King crab legs that are pre-cracked, served hot or coldJumbo shrimp that is pre-peeledPrime rib that is cooked just how you want itAll varities of cuisine (Asian, italian, you name it)A wide variety of desertsPROTIP:  The prices for lunch and dinner may be a little steeper than other lower tier buffets, but definitely worth it to at least try.  By far the most extensive menu and variety in cuisine.
5	I admit I was a bit shocked when the cashier charged us $99 for 2 for dinner. A whole Benjamin pre-tip went into this buffet dinner! Cashier asked if we had a Cesar's Palace players card. We didn't, and I was almost gonna get one thinking I would save a considerable amount on our meal, but it's only a dollar discount.Foodwise, I enjoyed the crab legs (you could get warm), and there were different kinds of roasted meats! There was actually a lot of selection, but it was all so beautifully presented, that it all looked tantalizing.The dessert bar has to be one of the best I've ever been to. Moshi was offered, along with freshly made crepes, assorted gelato, 2 kinds of creme brulee, and a lot of other assorted sweets! I think I got my money's worth in macarons alone! Bottomline - pricey, yes, but shit, everything is in Vegas! If you've got a sweet tooth like me, this is definitely the buffet to go to!
4	Finally!! Got to try this place. Definitely the best buffet I've ever been to. I'd say you get your money's worth in the quality of food served. Some of my favorites were fried egg and skirt steakRaw oysters Lobster chowder Tropical juiceMango chili gelatoCaprese saladI couldn't keep up with the amount of food that they were bringing out.Oh and go during the end of breakfast hour you pay the cheapest and you still get the lunch items.
3	Dined here on Thursday 4/4/13 with 5 friends. I will say that you can definitely eat your money's worth so that's not the issue. We all spent an additional $15 for "express pass" otherwise we would not have been able to dine at all (Total: $65.93+TIP). The "normal" line was long, REALLY long. I don't think the $15 "express pass" was worth it though because it didn't seem like we were a priority to the staff. Then they tried to squeeze 6 grown men into a table made for 4 people. We essentially used mob-rule against the lady seating us to takeover a larger table. Our waiter was great, he was 5 star. The cashiers, host/hostess, etc were 2 star. The food was 3-4 star. I am not a huge seafood person so I didn't try the crab legs but did look them over, meh. I tried various things, liked the sushi the most. They had little cheeseburgers, sort of like gourmet sliders - although only in appearance - they were DRY and way too salty. Could only eat one. Prime rib was good. Dessert offerings were good, especially the crepes. Surprisingly few offerings to pare with the crepe however. Can't say that I would wait in line for this buffet again.
3	I don't mind paying $50 for a 5 star buffet but this wasn't what I expected. First of all I found someone else's used straw on the chair they seated me at. They did not acknowledge it and I refused to touch it when my hostess should have checked the table entirely. I ordered a ginger ale and they obviously ran out of syrup from the machine or the bar so it only tasted of club soda. I put the napkin on my lap and I saw a spot of DIRT, yes dirt on my napkin and I was about to wipe it onto my mouth. The soup dumplings were sitting in their container for so long the gyoza soaked up what was left of the soup. I really hated the small trays that held one small item of food that was too hot to carry and too big to put on your plate for the rest of the food. The oysters on a half shell weren't their freshest. They can at least put some flavoring in it I.e. green onions, hot sauce, or salsa. The shells were not rinsed well enough. I wanted to complain to the manager and explain the fact that their quality control needs to be at their best because of the price that we paid for but I don't want to go back even if they offered a discount on my next visit.I can not fathom Bacchanal is not #1 because of the poor service and forgettable bites. However I do back up the fact that their desserts are amazing. I feel that paid a large amount of money to google for advertising because the experience was not great. I think we're going back to Wicked Spoon.
3	Went to Bacchanal the day after going to the Wicked Spoon with my boyfriend. I thought the experience was just average and I don't think it lived up to the hype of it being apparently the #1 buffet in the US. Here's the lowdown:FOOD:Just Average Average Average!Tried:-brisket- pretty tender and cooked well, bbq sauce was just ok-prime rib- ewww, I got a center cut and the carver cut me a really thick (about 1 inch) and big slice, It was mostly raw, I just nibbled on it and threw most of it away. My boyfriend loves rare steak and he couldn't even eat it. I felt embarrased for throwing out like almost a lb of prime rib. Slices need to be a lot thinner and portions not THAT HUGE. -scalloped potatoes- just average, I've had better, I thought the potatoes was a little undercooked-salad bar- not impressive. Greek salad was good, but dissapointed they didn't have any more creative salad selections. A nice fruit or nut salad would be nice with some creative type of dressing. -burger slider- meat was cooked well, but bun was a little hard-lasagna- subpar-seabass- it was okay, I thought it needed more flavor-sushi bar- tried the nigiri, the salmon and tuna seemed relatively fresh. Didn't have any of the other rolls because they were plain- california, spicy tuna roll etc. I was dissapointed they didn't have low sodium soy sauce. -sweet potato tater tots- seasoned well, above average, relatively crunchy-tomato basil soup- typical cafe/restaurant quality soup-mango chili lime sorbet and blood orange sorbet- pretty good-mini tiramisu- subpar, the portions of ingredients are off and it didn't seem fresh-mini strawberry lemon cupcake- not that good, icing didn't taste that great, I make better cupcakes at home-juice bar- probably the best part, but obviously not worth the 32.99. I had the tropical juice and thought it was yummy and fresh but it could have been colder.PRICE:I think this buffet is overpriced especially for a weekday during 11-3. It was 32.99 for lunch on the weekday. It's almost 10 dollars more expensive than Wicked Spoon. For the quality of the food it's not worth the price. THE BOTTOM LINE:Bacchanal has a better seafood selection, but I'm not into seafood anyways and it was just average anyways. I saw that a couple people raved about a CREPE station but it was not available when I went, so don't expect it to be available. I love crepes too. I feel cheated now.. My boyfriend and I will probably not be back to Bacchanal.
5	Amazing Buffet! Went at 4:30ish on a Thursday and barely had to wait in line! The food was excellent and everyone was so nice! My favorite was the seafood station! The king crab and lobster chowder!!! OMG!The best carne asada tacos I've ever had! (and I'm from socal)
3	My daughter, mom and I all preferred the Wynn buffet over the Bacchanal however my husband begged to differ....
5	This place is so huge!! Almost got lost walking back to the table twice!! Food is great, servers were really nice, first place I've been to that has macaroons and mochi ice cream for dessert!! Definitely my new #1 Vegas dinner buffet spot.
4	Great buffet! You truly get what you pay for. $98 for dinner for two is a bit steep but the service was amazing.The food was a hit or a miss. The Asian section served up what you can find at your local panda express. The food seemed bland and tasteless. The pizza had quite a bit of choices in regards to what slice caught your attention. The seafood was good but the sea bass was a bit fishy. I got to try the fried chicken and waffles. The waffle fries were a bit greasy but still tasty. The chicken was crispy but dry on the inside. The heat-lamp I'm assuming is to blame for that. The cuts of meat had a nice selection. The lamb was delicious and the jelly mint was perfect. The prime rib was overcooked. I like my prime rib a bit bloody ready to walk off the place but that's just my preference.The desert section had quite a bit of options. I was disappointed that the ice cream selection wasn't more classic. No cookies and cream? Seriously. They do have homemade marsh-mellows and they are pretty damn good. The cake pops are my favorite! Also two types of creme brulee? Sign me up!!! My drink glass never went empty. Once I moved to the desert section they were quick to offer coffee, tea, hot chocolate or anything else I wanted to end my meal. It was a sweet end to the buffet.
5	OMGOMGOMGOMGOMG.If you come here, you come here for the PRIME RIB and LAMB; I don't care what else you eat, but you must take try those two (sorry vegetarians).  I could rave on and on about how much I loved the prime rib and lamb here.  Succulent pieces of meat, melt-in-your-mouth goodness.Come with a small party or split a large party into groups so you bypass the 18% gratuity for a party over 8.  Come at 2pm, stay until it hits 3pm for dinner.  Pace yourself, don't load up on too much to drink, and go pound plate after plate into your stomach.Wasn't a fan of the desserts, but they have mochi ice cream and macarons, which I haven't seen anywhere else--but they're not that great to be honest.Seafood is on hit.  Freshest cocktail shrimp I've seen at any buffet.But who am I kidding, prime rib and lamb.  That is all.And the meat carver David is awesome.Okay, I'm really done.
5	Great spread. $$ $51 + tax for weekend dinner. Has crab legs,shrimps,oysters and mussels. Choose from Chinese,Japanese,Italian,Mexican and American.Stayed for 2 hours ++ to be fully satisfied. Great drink refills and plate clearing service.Try it if you are in town.
5	OMG! SO GOOD!!!! SO FREAKING GOOD!!!! Well worth the hour long wait for a Monday lunch! Seriously, the moment I was in, I had no idea where to go first! SO MUCH GOOD FOOD!!!! Fresh shrimp, prime rib, sushi, Italian, Chinese, Mexican, EVERYTHING! I don't think I have ever eaten so much food at one time! I really recommend wearing stretchy pants- you'll be so stuff that you'll really appreciate more belly space :PMy favorite part of the buffet was, by far, the dessert station- there were loads of ice creams, tiramisu, strawberry shortcake, MULTIPLE kinds of creme brulee, and even A CREPE-MAKING STATION! Ah, it was foodie heaven!!! I cannot wait to go back the next time I'm in Vegas!!!
5	Best buffet on strip! Hands down! As a huge fan of Wicked Spoon, I had doubts that Bacchanal would surpass Wicked spoon, but it far surpassed it in every way.  The variety of food is AMAZING. Everything from Asian to Mexican to Deli meats & cheeses, they seriously offer a WIDE variety of food. Try the big slabs of Bacon and Sweet Potato Tots! I recommend having a big appetite coming here. Biggest it's the newest (and best thing) you need to know something about going.  If you're a diamond/seven stars, you can bypass the line and get in quickly so you can really go anytime you want.  Or for $10/person extra you can get a "fast pass" and pass the line. The general public line can take up to an hour or 90 minutes during peak times so get here early if you don't want to do one of the two above options.
4	4 stars - from a Buffet's perspective not for Fine dining - had to get that out first.Recently went to Vegas and wanted to grub at one Buffet. My friend and I picked Bacchanal considering it was the "New" buffet to be at.Location/Restaurant:a little hard to find, we walked 10 mins into CP until we finally hit it. At least it was a good walk just to let things settle once we got done. Restaurant wise, it was very nice, but the floor plan is really bad, we didnt see the other half of the restaurant until we got our second plate by then we were full!!!Food:Has everything you would want in a buffet. The three feature food stations are Steak/American Seafood, and desserts. They are the first stations you see when you walk in. Like i said, they had Italian, Chinese, Japanese etc... but it was on the other side of the restaurant. We actually didn't see it until later when we were already full!! disappointed :(Regardless, the food was great. Primerib, ribeye, lamb, sausages, everything you would want was there at your fingertip!Desserts were great as well, lots of choices, even candies (which is always a plus). They even had mochi ice cream. quite refreshing.Value:Pricey but i'd say worth it. It's Vegas! You have to do one buffet. It may as well be the best they got :)We wanted to do the buffet of buffets but we were so glad we didnt do it. It would have costs us over 2 bills and we wouldnt have enjoyed it. Minusa little pricey compared to other buffet. but well worth it.layout of the restaurant isn't the best, remember to checkout the other food stations!Would I go Again?For sure!
5	Hands down the best buffet I have ever encountered.  As stated by other reviewers, it is pricey, but the quality, variation and amount of food you get is well worth it.  I would recommend taking a "tour" before you commit to your favorites, there really are so many choices of different kinds of food.. SO GOODALSO! The bacchanal is one of the 6 buffets you can choose from when you get the 24 hour pass, if you pay a little extra, and that is WELL worth it.. especially when it's $60 a person just for dinner.
5	Fantastic.Let's just say I threw up.....just a little bit.My last plate...http://instagram.com/p/YD-oXPKsvB/
2	I have been hearing rave reviews of the Bacchanal Buffet since they opened up. Now my Wife and I aren't big buffet people. If I'm in Vegas there are 100s of choices of good restaurants, so a buffet is usually the last place I want to go, especially since the new trend seems to be these mega style expensive buffets. So we get into Vegas on Saturday morning and decide to go over the Caesars(we were staying at the Palazzo) and try it out. It was around 11:30 and the line wasn't too bad, only took about 10 minutes to pay and get seated, the total was $125 for 3, my Wife, 10 year old son and myself.We get seated and hit up the buffet. Visually the place is very nice and the food presentation is great, the issue and this is a huge issue, is that the food is just at best o.k.. Everything was lukewarm to almost cool. Didn't matter what station or what item. Eggs ,bacon,macaroni, grits,waffles,brisket,meatballs all cold. If it had any warmth to it, it was dried out as the fried chicken was.Another issue was that lots of the items were just way too salty, and this is a trend I'm noticing at a lot of places now. People are confusing well seasoned to lots of salt. The only really solid items were the preprepared stuff like cold cuts, cheeses. Lots of other tables seemed to be enjoying the crab legs and shrimp, I didn't have any so I can't vouch for themThe highlight was the desert station, which seemed to be the most popular, they had a everything from gelato to pastries and gummi bears.Now based on all the rave reviews I am seeing here on yelp, I either went on an off day or a very slow day and maybe this is the reason thing were cold and salty as they weren't being switched out as much as they should be.I have no issue with buffets as a matter of fact if this were a $15 buffet it would have rocked and I would be much more forgiving, but at $50+ per person, it better be good, and it wasn't, like I said earlier there are 100's of choices of good places to eat in Vegas within 1 miles of this buffet at the same price point. Next time I'm in Vegas I'tt try one of those other places.
5	The decor the presentation of food alone deserve 4 stars.  The food was a class up from standard buffet food.  The up market stations of seafood and carving, the quality and selection was impressive.  The Asian station also bountiful of appetizing selections.  You can taste yourself silly with a huge variety of foods- over eat- and roll out the door.  It was a request of a guest that we dine here- otherwise I'm not a fan of buffets, but had wanted to see what the fuss was about.  As far as buffet's go it is superior.
5	im sorry---THE BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS HANDS DOWN....the prime rib at dinner, the seafood, the asian ribs and sui pork is to DIE FOR...the only bad thing i can say about it is ... the sushi selection was sad....maybe 5 different sushi selections and no sashimi ....was weird...but everything else was F**ING AMAZING...WELL WORTH THE 55.00 PRICETAG
2	Simply put.  This is probably the most impressive buffet I have ever been to.  **scroll to bottom if you would like to to see why this 5 star buffet is only 2 stars**I know Vegas is known for their buffets, and this is the only one I've been to there, so I'm not sure how it stacks up to the others, but all I can say is wow.Yes, it was big.  Huge.  Over the top.  To me, the best feature of this buffet is the presentation/delivery.  Most the food comes in separate dishes.  Like, for example, if you want a piece of lasagna, you don't scoop it out of a trough.... there is a little cast iron skillet with an individual serving you grab.Whats that, you want calamari?  There is a cute little fry basket with calamari in it, just for you.Sure, there were some items that still were served trough style, but there were a lot of individualized portions of food that really escalated their buffet game.  It ensured you got the food the way it was intended to be served.  For example, if they were serving something with cheese on top..... if served trough style, some cheese loving behemoth could come through and steal all the cheese off the top and take little of the rest... leaving everyone else getting the entree with no cheese on top.  With these little skillets and baskets and bowls for each person, you can ensure you are getting the food it was meant to be served.**So why 5 stars?  Here are my reasons.**--Sushi was not good.  At all.  In fact, none of the asian food I had was very good.--Crab legs were served Cold on Ice... unless you request them to get heated up.  I asked the crab chef if I could have hot legs, and he said he just put some on top (of the ice) so they would be hot..... guess what, they were cold.  and the lines are so long, its not like I could just get right back in there and request hot ones again.  This pissed me off.--they didn't have prime rib, or any high quality (beef) steaks for that matter.  the meat carver said they were out.. not sure if they ran out, or don't normally have it... but he said, "were out of that tonight"--lamb was underseasoned and overcooked.  I'm talking well done.--plates would pile up and nobody was clearing them.  Both the gf and I as well as another table were stacking plates on an adjacent table because there wasn't anyone clearing our table until just before we left.  We did get water refills, though, ironically.--they want you to put in a tip BEFORE the meal.  What??  Maybe that's why our plates didn't get cleared.  I guess the wait staff figures their tips are already in the bag.--long wait to get in... BUT for an extra $15 you can get in a VIP line.  What a crock of shit!  Want an easy way to find out whose shit doesn't stink in Vegas??  go stand outside the Bacchannal and see who is standing in the express line.  We had this group of asshats in front of use whose noses were so high in the air they were breathing a different kind of oxygen.  The whole time we were standing in line they were bitching uncontrollably about the line and how they were going to take care of it, like rotten children.  So... after literally like 15-20 minutes of listening to how much better they were than the commoners in the regular line, their dumb-asses eventually figured out how to upgrade to the express line.  Thank God.  I guess maybe it does serve a purpose after all.  My magic moment is when we waited in the regular line like everyone else, and ended up getting seated less than 5 minutes after "team asshat".With all that being said, it was still an impressive buffet to see once...  Flashy, but I wouldn't go again.  I'd rather take my $100 and put it towards a nice dinner with higher attention to quality and detail.
5	I only ate 3 things from the whole buffet...crab legs, fresh pineapple, and chocolate covered strawberries.  To me, heaven!  We went on Sunday around 4:30 p.m.  No wait at all!  Went for the crab legs, they are on ice, but give them an empty plate and they will load it with hot ones from the pot.  Melted butter is around the corner, had to look for it, but no worries.  Marched back to my table, up to my elbows in crab, and went back for another plate.  Saw someone had a chocolate covered strawberry on her plate, and went in search!  They make them right there in front of you, so they are fresh and divine!  Must have had, um, 8? The fresh pineapple was perfect as a finalnibble.Although I didn't eat at the other stations, they looked amazing, there was tons ofwait staff to clear and fill drinks, place was clean, and we will never go anywhere else!  Ate at the Mirage too, and we were both sick to our stomachs the next day.  It as $30, so for another $20, well worth it.  Enjoy!
5	The guys were in town for golf week and the second night we went to Bacchanal.  Usually, we go to Wynn, or Bellagio.  Since this was new, we would give it a go.  Right away, the set up is the best of all buffets.  The food stations surround the dining area so you don't get people winding through your tables for food.  There is a design flow.  There were enough food stations, so one area doesn't get overloaded.The service was prompt, drinks and plates were taken right away.  Our server was a hardworking and polite guy.  We made sure the tip was generous.Best of all is the food.  It is set up by cuisine - Asian, Italian, Meat, etc.  I didn't expect much from the Asian station.  Over the years, and relatives, we know Asian buffet.  Surprisingly, the duck, Char Siu, and some other Chinese dishes we quite good.  The sushi was mediocre. The Italian was very good.  Little plate of lasagna, little container of calamari, both outstanding.  Sure, they had all sorts of cold meats, cheeses, salads, and the usual buffet things. Even a Mexican and Seafood station. Why waste the space on the common stuff? Fill on Mac n Cheese, fries, burritos and buffalo wings?  The seafood was King crab legs which is naturally excitingly bland. The meat station was the best of all.  They had prime rib, beef brisket, lamb chops, and Carolina Smoked Bacon. Ahh! Bacon.  This is a must have item of the buffet.  A big pork belly slice of smoked, glistening, mouth watering delight.  As my friend said,  " An orgasm in the mouth".  There were a ton of desserts.  Mochi ice cream, assorted gelatos, small baked items - cakes and pies.All in All, we sampled about 1/3 of all that was offered and that's a lot.  We are two good sized guys and three small guys that eat like horses and we were there almost two and a half hours.  Have fun.
4	My friend and I went to the buffet for the very first time yesterday--- Monday dinner.  We had early dinner; we got there at 5 pm and were quickly seated.  It was pretty slow until 7-8pm when everyone came to eat dinner.Anyways, I liked it because it was quite small compared to Wicked Spoon or some other buffets in town.  The food was pretty decent too.  Very good seafood selections.  However, the Chinese food was just so-so.  Probably because my friend and I eat really good Chinese food at home.. so we avoided eating Chinese.  They also have a lot of carved meat selection for meat lovers.  Personally, I prefer seafood.. so I only had a slice of roast beef.  It was very good.  Juicy and tender.  The sausages were pretty good too. All I can say about the food is that its good.  I just had a good experience with food there.  The only reason for 3 star is for the service.  I understand that 7-Star and Diamond guests are priorities there.  However, the server in charge of my table did not come to clean dirty dishes until my 3rd round.  As you can imagine, my table was crowded with dirty dishes.  I also did not get refill on my water so I was so thirsty... Every time I try to get the server's attention, he would look away... It was frustrating. Ugh.Anyways, overall I would suggest other people to definitely try the buffet.  The food is better than other buffets on the Strip:  Wicked Spoon, Wynn, Bellagio, etc based on my experience.  But do not expect a very attentive server unless you're a 7-Star or Diamond member. :P
4	Buffet of buffets - for a C note and some change you can enjoy it as well. Overall a good buffet, we would go again but not sure if it would be every time we go to Vegas. We tried a lot of the offerings. Some of the offerings were: fresh shrimp, crab legs (hot and cold), sea bass, oysters, craw fish and much more. Meat dishes were: prime rib, chicken, brisket, lamb chops, bone-in rib-eye, sausage and much more. The brisket and prime rib were dry ;-(.  this was a disappointment as I am more of a meat eater than other things. The Asian food had lots of options: noodle soup (but nobody was there to make any when I wanted some), broccoli and beef (this was cold) and lots of other items. Tons of vegetables: carrots, potatoes, corn, green beans and much more. Desserts: so many, many, many what did I not try not many but had to save some for next time. This time I tried: flan, pane cotta, ice cream, chocolate covered strawberries, cremebrule and much more. There were so many desserts could not try them all as I was stuff to the max like a turkey ready for thanksgiving baking.The con would be for the wait time in the line that's why only four stars and cost.We would go back.
4	Been here 4 times in 3 trips to Vegas since October 2012.  Bacchanal is a 4 on some nights but a 5 on its best nights.  The spread is amazing and the food presentation and atmosphere is sophisticated and modern.  Yes, the line can be horrendous just like every other top buffet.  Twice we waited an hour.  Another time we paid an extra $15 per person to skip the 90 minute line.  The last time, we arrived at 5:45pm on a Friday and there was absolutely no line at all, amazingly.   The food is quite good to excellent but has been inconsistent.  3 out of the 4 nights, the King Crab Legs, while meaty and plentiful were way too salty.   As King Crab is the main attraction for many people, I wish that it wasn't so salty, bordering on unpleasantly salty.   Another night, several items at the meat carving station were dry.  Love the shrimp cocktail, cheese station, sliders, and tonkatsu ramen with extra pork though.  And Bacchanal has the #1 dessert station hands down.
4	Dinner time Price: 49.99 + tax. Food: Top of the line raw oysters, crab legs, meat selection, cooked salmon, cooked chilean sea bass. Nothing salty or overcooked. The shrimp were big and seemed like they were gulf shrimp with quite a bit of flavor. I did notice that they had a cooked lobster in the display case by the entrance/line but there was no lobster to be found on the buffet. Dessert was great with fresh ice cream selections and huge chocolate-covered strawberries, etc. The atmosphere: The place is huge and they play club music which seems designed to get you out of there. That was a big negative, but the food was very good. I wouldn't go back at prime time dinner because of the huge crowds and lines. If they are still playing that music, it's really annoying.Go early if you go because the line gets long.
5	I have been to many Vegas buffet - cheap to most expensive ones. This place serves quality food. Rich seafood seafood selection and tons of meat options. I wish they had salad selection like wynne
2	Skip & go to Wicked Spoon or Studio B Buffet. If you're into desserts then by all means, go to Bacchanal BUT if you want good, tasty & hot food - then don't go here. I was disappointed. Food was lukewarm & mind you, I got it from the tray that was just refilled. Crab legs were dumped in hot water but that didn't do it for me. Imagine cold crab legs dumped quickly in hot water... what do you get? Lukewarm crab outside with cold crabmeat.
5	Yay for my first review her on Yelp! Handsdown, the best buffet I've ever tried in Vegas!!!! I've tried Wicked Spoon (which is 2nd best), Wynn (also 2nd best), Studio B at M Hotel, Rio and Bellagio and Bacchanal surpasses all of them. It's upscale, classy, very modern with funky club music (I didn't care much for the music). Everything I tried was seriously amazing! If you are a serious seafood lover and carnivore, then this place is for you. El hubby cakes and I went on a Sunday afternoon, 2 minutes before dinner started. There weren't any lines and we were able to get in right away. But I'm warning you. Once dinner began, the place became packed quickly. Before we were seated, you get a mini tour of a buffet. There were so many choices, I didn't know were to begin. But I have a strategy  muuhahahha...My favs were...1. Feta and Watermelon salad2. Beet salad3. Sweet Potato Tots4. Sushi was fresh and delicious! (went back for more)5. Succulent jumbo shrimp cocktail was amazing (went back for more)6. Lamb chops cooked to medium OMG!7. Melt in your mouth brisket8. Lobster Bisque (had real lobster)9. homemade mochis (nuff said)Here's a tip: Drink hot green tea while you commit gluttony. Helps settle your stomach so you can eat more lol.I highly recommend this place and I can't wait to go again next year!!!
4	After hearing all the hype about Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace 'dethroning' the legendary Bellagio Buffet in terms of food quality and quantity, I was very eager to dine here. I dined at Bacchanal during peak hours/days. I would highly recommend paying the extra $15.00 for the express lane pass rather than wait in line for 1.5 hours +. Attention seafood lovers: Line up here FIRST!!! The majority of people at the buffet line up in THIS LINE to get their hands on delicious king crab (just ask if you want it served warm and not chilled), yummy ceviche, and unfortunately, mediocre oysters. I started at the other stations and waited in the seafood line for a good 20 minutes before I received my crab, oysters, and ceviche. Much to my dismay, my food from the other stations was cold by the time I sat down. I forgot to grab a second plate and I basically formed an alliance with the other seafood philes to secure some extra plates for all of us so we did not lose our spot in line!Bacchanal definitely has a lot of food options, but I would say the food is comparable to that of the Bellagio Buffet. Besides the fresh king crab, I enjoyed the dim sum/poke/carpaccio dishes the most. I liked the varieties of mochi, macarons, and Jelly Belly beans in the dessert area at Caesar's, but I would say Bellagio's desserts are more decadent and delicious. I have not been to the Bellagio Buffet since the addition of the caviar station, which may make it trump that of Bacchanal at Caesar's Palace. Bottom line: Bacchanal Buffet is an expensive buffet, but if you want to burn some of your winnings here, it's a great bet!
4	No lines at 8:30am on a monday morning.  The breakfast price is $24.99.  I love this place.  Variety of cusines-American, Italitan, Chinese, Japanese, Mexican.  I had ham, slab of bacon, smoked brisket was moist and delicious.  The chinese food-rice porridge, noodles, dim sum, chinese doughnut was yummy.  Also their red velvet pancakes was moist not dry.  No complaints here.  I had no room for dessert which I was bummed about.  Next time.  In addition, they state 2 hours limit on the receipt which is nice to know.
5	One of the best buffets in Vegas. It will cost you an arm and a leg to eat here but is definitely worth it. The seafood is awesome. A great selection and variety of ethic food. I also enjoyed their Asian food. The Mexican food was decent. I mainly stayed in the seafood, Asian, and dessert section. Service is great. We had 2 servers tending to us.
5	Expensive? Yes. $50pp. Worth it? HECK YES!  Seriously folks, this buffet will RUIN you for all other buffets. The other buffet we ate at, (Bellagio) was a joke compared to this one. This one is just in a class by itself.  If you only can afford to go to one buffet in Vegas, make it this one. My boyfriend and I are tight-wads when it comes to money, and we grimaced when they swiped our cards for this meal, but you honestly get your money's worth here. If you love Chinese or Japanese food, this is the place for you. If you're a seafood or meat lover, this is the place for you. Every dessert IMAGINABLE.The only station that was not on par with everything other cuisine was the Mexican station. They only had a single type of taco (no vegetarian option - no bueno) and nachos.Note: the price DOES INCLUDE sodas, teas, etc.If you're planning your trip to Vegas and you're there from Friday through Monday, don't go on a Friday or Saturday if you can avoid it only because the line to get in will be long. We went on a Monday night and 'only' had to wait 15-20 mins (and we got there early around 6).
4	Bachhanal was really good--especially the seafood.  The first station when you walk in is just that.  There were raw oysters, crab legs, mussels, and the BEST cocktail shrimp.  My favorites from the buffet has got to be the cocktail shrimp and crab legs.  Both were really fresh and the shrimp was the most meaty that I have ever had.  Some of their other stations do need some work, like that of their japanese, mexican and chinese cuisine.  Those sections were a bit small and were good but not what I had expected in terms of the quality and flavor.In terms of the meat section, I thought the prime rib was really good, juicy and tender.  Some of the others were a hit or miss to me, like I didn't really enjoy the BBQ ribs very much...they were a bit dry and difficult to cut through. The dessert station is heaven.  Make sure you save enough room for dessert.  There's tons of choices and the standouts have got to be their crepe station and their gelato and mochi! Oh yeah, the service is FANTASTIC here.  I felt like everytime I set down my utensils when I was done with a plate, someone was already by my side ready to clear my plate for me.  Drink refills were quick and served with a smile.  Thumbs up on maintaining that great service! I still love the buffets at Wynn and Cosmo, hard to say which one I love the most, they each have their strengths...but I do have to say that Cosmo takes it for its regular dishes, Bacchanal has the best seafood and dessert and Wynn has the best meats and pretty decent seafood.  I'd definitely come back to Bacchanal again!
5	This is by far the best buffet I've had on the strip! It is pricy but you are paying the quality  of food. There are so many different things to try and 9 different stations of different types of food! I like that some of the food is pre-portioned out and is small enough so you can taste but able to get other food items as well. Since I don't need a lot of food but I like to sample a ton of things so the pre-portion is great! I love the sweet potato tator tots-sooo good! Their lobster corn chowder is also to die for! That is my favorite thing there. They also have tiny burgers that are quite good. The best part though is of course dessert! I think between my whole family and I we tried a little of each dessert. I love that they have cake pops! They were so good. I can't pin point one favorite dessert because they are just all so good. I asked for mochi but they only have that at dinner so I guess I will have to go to dinner next time ;) If you are a buffet lover you have to try this place out!
4	I went to Bacchanal Buffet with a group of nine for lunch, which was priced at $36/person!  They have a wide selection of food from seafood, pasta, Japanese, Chinese, and etc.... FOODS & BEVERAGES----------------------------------------- Watermelon Juice - YUMMY! Bacchanal had a wide variety of juices in "cute" little bottles! (We were told that their juices is only offered during lunch not dinner, so by 3:30 PM they were off the counter!)- Shrimp cocktail - Fresh shrimps, but the cocktail sauce was just OKAY!- Raw Oysters - YUMMY & really fresh!- Ceviche - Served in a small shot glass, very yummy!- Seafood Salad - Very good! Another must try! - Clams - Grab a small bucket of these bad boys! They're good!- Mussels - A bit too dry.... I didn't enjoy it as much!- Oyster Shooters - Spicy... it's just O-K!- Caesar Salad - Fancy serving of Caesar Salad in a bowl! The bread was good too!- Waffle fries - Good!- Mac & Cheese - They had a new batch when I got mine! Warm and delicious!- Prime Rib - Get this! You won't be disappointed! Don't forget to add some veggies. - Turkey Sausage - Good!- Watermelon & Cheese Salad - Very good!- Mini Burger - delish!DESSERTS----------------------------------------- Vanilla Creme Brulee - WAYYYY TOO WATERY. Wasn't good at all!- Chocolate Creme Brulee - Not the most appetizing looking thing on the dessert section, but it was very yummy if you like that chocolate mousse taste!- Mini Oreo Chocolate Mousse - Very Sweet!- Caramel Flan - I liked the texture and the caramel syrup!- Watermelon and Mint Gelato - It's like a watermelon mojito in a gelato form :X - Macaroons - Great selection of different flavors! I was full by the time they brought out the macaroons, so I was only able to eat two! Not bad!Overall, Bacchanal Buffet is worth the price! They have a huge selection of food & I enjoyed most of the food I got, but had to skip some of their dishes because they did not look appetizing AT ALL! Their sushi selection didn't look fresh and their poke bowl just looked bleh. One of my friends had to spit out the poke and warned me not to get it cause the fish didn't taste right (AND SHE LOVES SEAFOOD MORE THAN I DO). This buffet also ensures great service with their friendly staff! Make sure you save room for desserts! I'd definitely come back here in the future.
1	good thing is they have the option to get your crab legs heated up.  this slightly the best buffet in vegas, but not worth the extra money or wait in line imho. At 50 bucks I'd rather spend a bit more and to a nice restaurant in vegas.the reason that its one star is service.  I don't really expect much service at a buffet, but we didn't even get any drinks even water the first 40 minutes of our dinner.  after 25 minutes I had to walk around and ask 4 different servers if we could just please have some water because my 4 year old daughter had something spicy and was crying.  they all just ignored my including the manager, he just walked away from me as fast as he could.
3	Honestly this place is overhyped.  Dinner prices have gone up to about $50 on the weekend.  It was worth about $30.  The wait was about 1.5 hours on a Saturday night at 8:30 PM...  We got in and then on my second trip they started shutting down the stations.  WTF!  No oysters worth eating (they put out leftover mini oysters...)  The crab legs were older and the chef "refreshed" them by dumping them in hot water and then serving them to us with all sorts of leftover pieces of crab meat hanging all over the crab legs.  HOW APPETIZING!  There is a lot of variety here that is for sure, but nothing really tastes amazing.  Wicked spoon is still the king of the Las Vegas strip buffets.    The prime rib was good and so was the mac and cheese.  I honestly don't remember much else.  Unless I get comped, I won't be coming back here.
4	This is my new favorite buffet on the Strip! We came on a Friday afternoon, and somehow miraculously avoided waiting. Literally paid and walked right in. It was $32/ person. I loved that there were various cuisines and it was grouped accordingly. My favorites were the tacos. I thought it was comparable to taco places and there was even a full salsa bar to match. I also surprisingly loved the hot and sour soup and found it just as good as ones in Chinese restaurants, ha! Towards the end of our meal (or the beginning of dinner service), crab legs arrived. Yum. Some negatives would be the overdressed (thus salty) Caesar salad and the overcooked (thus dry) prime rib. The desserts looked really good too but I was so full I just had a scoop of blood orange sorbet. Restroom is in very close walking distance (right by the entrance) and service was average. I will be back!
5	My god... This Buffet is unreal. I used to live in Vegas for 4 years, and went back to visit with the girlfriend back in February, and hearing all the good press we decided to splurge and try this new buffet. Its unreal. Everything isn't just good but some of the best you will ever have. everything from Crab Legs, to more simple dishes like sweet potato fries, mashed potatos, sushi, bbq, tiny sliders that were unreal tender. Everything in there was amazing.On our second trip, we thought we would try WICKED SPOON, and boy was that an epic disapointment. The selection was half as big and half as good, with an almost identical price point. we were very upset and ended up making an extra trip here because we wanted this good buffet so bad, and it did NOT disapoint on a second trip.Go here, try as much as you can, share plates, and just count down the days till you can go again. its food bliss and the #1 buffet in Vegas, with the #2 not even close...
4	Finally my turn to try Bacchanal after months of waiting. Charm C. and I came on a Tuesday afternoon around 3:30. No line at all and we were immediately seated, but before we reached our table our host gave us the mini tour. I swear it really is the little things like that which make a difference. I did the smart thing and walked the entire buffet to look at the options rather than grabbing whatever I saw in sight on my first plate. Stomach space is very important especially for a buffet such as this. The seafood is absolutely amazing, best crab legs, oysters, and shrimp I've ever had from a buffet or maybe even in general. It is true the shrimp are succulent plump yet taste-y. I recommend doing 2 rounds of seafood because you will get your money's worth and it is not filling at all.  My stomach space started to lessen once I started eating the carbs and meat. I was disappointed with the prime rib because it is one of my all time favorites. It was rather dry and did not have a spectacular taste either, but this could possible be because I may have had the last piece. It is true most items here are little pieces of art, a lot of thought went into creating this buffet and you could definitely tell by almost all 500 items. The interior is beautiful, although not fancy I would describe it as elegant yet approachable. So this is the most expensive buffet in Vegas and you could definitely tell by the patrons eating here, the people here are definitely not poor! I don't know if this is worth $50, but if they kept the prices the same as when it first opened they would be getting 5 stars from me. Must try:crab legsoystersshrimpkalbi (great flavor, tender, with the right amount of sauce)Pretty good:dim sumclam chowderNeeds improvement:prime ribsushi
5	Their average should be 5 stars! BEST BUFFET I've ever been to! And for around $50/person you can't beat it! Well worth the wait. You get to travel the world with food! Don't expect much from the drink service but that's not why you go- you go to eat phenomenal buffet food! Everything was so fresh and delicious- excellent quality of food. The dessert stand is amazing as well. The decor was modern and really nice. They really have a great thing going here! Saw the executive chefs walking around during dinner making sure everything was in order and talking to folks in the restaurant- do not waste your time at any other place on the strip- come straight here!
4	FIrst let me just say this Buffet is EXPENSIVE. It is coined as one of the premiere buffets in Vegas. Personally I have to agree that it is pretty AWESOME . The environment makes all the difference to me. It allows you to get this upscale restaurant vibe without the small portions.They have amazing stations set up with all different types of food from seafood to pasta station..they even have a lil mexican section where they make your food for you.Only Cons -the Host wasn't all that attentive..                   Some of the food was COLDOther then that it was a good time and definitely worth checking out if you have the cash and the time to enjoy something you'd probably only find in Vegas.
3	I recently moved to Vegas and have been trying a different buffet once a week. Today I came to Caesar's Palace for theirs. Pros:Atmosphere is much like a sit-down and be served place. The food! Wide selection of chef prepared plated foods that aren't all in a big tub. Desert bar is glorious. I highly recommend the blood orange ice cream. Cons: While the service is pretty great, I got stuck in the area with a slow waiter. They took about 15 minutes to clear a plate and never asked to refill my drink until I flagged him down. Overall, a great variety of choices but a pretty steep ticket at approx $48/person at dinner.
5	Not much of a buffet fan (stuffing your face until you get more food than you paid for...) but there certainly is a reason why Bacchanal is the best buffet in Vegas. A cut above the rest. Not so traditional cafeteria style, much more personal- guest service and clean interaction with the chefs. I am happy someone actually takes pride in a buffet here in town. Worth every penny spent and more. Dessert station is 5 stars on its own- more choices than you can imagine/ all with individual tasting sizes so you can try it all... err most of it anyway.
5	Hands down, the best buffet ever in Vegas! Went here twice on my last Vegas trip! It beats the one at the M resort! I can actually say for the first time that I've stayed in a buffet for the entire time limit they give you! My family and I took advantage of that 24-hour buffet pass which was like $50. We had access to about six or seven buffets, but this buffet and the rio buffet included a $15 upgraded everytime you dined there, but it was worth it! We figured getting that pass would be good because it would cover all our meals for the rest of our trip. I definitely recommend doing that because everywhere you go in vegas to get food will cost you about $20+ each time, so why not take advantage of that pass. Since you have access to the buffets you can pop in anytime for a quick bite, get a quick snack, or have a full on buffet experience again and again, lol! Your in vacation, so why not! We came here for lunch the first time around and for breakfast the second time around. We got to enjoy all of the breakfast items and all the lunch/dinner options. The food here is bomb!! So many choices! I love how they set it up in little plates and portions for you. Everything is so cute! I definitely enjoyed the breakfast menu and desserts the best! They also keep track on how long each dish has been out, which is something I truly appreciate! You will definitely find me here on every Vegas trip here on out! Wish I could give 10 stars!!!
5	Pricey but worth it. They have less fruits and not so good for vegetarians.
5	Hands down probably one of the better buffets I've had.  I thought Cosmo's buffet was good, but I think I've found myself another winner. The line wasn't too long when we arrived at 11:15am but it was pretty long when we left around 1pm.  The selection of the food is actually pretty overwhelming and I didn't even get a chance to hit up the seafood bar b/c I was too busy trying to get in on all the other areas. I think it was $45 for the brunch on a Sunday which includes endless mimosas.  That alone is $12 a glass so you're really getting your money's worth.   We had some Total Rewards points to redeem (they expire every six months) so that took our price down to $30-$32.  I must say the food is very well worth the $45 though.  I would definitely go back again.I don't know much more to say other than it was an excellent experience and I would visit again!
5	Great seafood. The dessert bar was very extensive Annnnd delicious. We went there as part of the buffet of buffets deal. Just be careful to read the instructions.
5	VERY VERY DELICIOUS BUFFET! Bacchanal has turned the term "Vegas buffet" into a whole new level! I'm not sure what else is there to say besides what has already been said in the reviews below me. PRICES: On weekday (we went on a Monday, I believe) for two people came out to be $69 and tax is already added with that price.I paced myself. I had to get my moneys worth. But I especially saved room for dessert. Man...the selections there are endless. It felt like I was at a candy store or something. And the gelato....they had some "not your everyday flavoring" like thai tea. Yum!!!! Not only was the food fresh but the presentation was something new and different. They tried (and succeeded) to make things fancy like having fresh juice in a cute glass jar. Their dim sum came in these cute little dim sum holders (see pics attached.) Aah...I'm a sucker for stuff like this. So come and give Bacchanal a try. They won't disappoint you.
5	This Buffett is a fat man's delight!  We dove head on into this after a round of golf in which we were super hungry!  Selection is mind blowing!  Seriously something for everyone!Fried food, salad bar, meat station, pizza, Italian, Mexican, Asian, Seafood.  It's a belly buster!I focused on the Asian and seafood.  Started it off with some Pho (pretty damm good) in a smaller bowl!  Next I had some Ahi poki!  Something I have been missing since visiting Hawaii.  Then I moved to a few spring rolls, some pot-stickers, some asian veg with soe Shrimp and dim sum!  The dessert area is to die for if you are a sweet tooth!  Year's ago I went to the All world buffet @ the Rio.  This one tops the cake!
5	I had heard so much about this new Ceasars Buffet and couldn't wait to try it.My sister and friend were visiting so we decided to go there for lunch! Well missed the lunch cutoff at 3 so we had to pay dinner prices $50 pp!!  BUT BUT IT was so worth it.I have been to many buffets in Vegas and while i rave about the M this Bacchanal has taken the ball and made a touchdown!! THE fresh cut up crab legs are awesome and they will steam them for you. I hadnt realized there was a WHOLE OTHER side!! WOW and i was getting full already. I cant even describe the decadent foods i saw and i tried really tried to taste it all . Sadly my stomach didnt agree with my brain lol i was too stuffed to try anything else. AND i missed the whole iltalian foods and some others. This is a definite try buffett when in Vegas IF you can afford the high prices for lunch and dinner. BUT its worth it to treat yourself at least once. YOLO
3	I absolutely love this place for breakfast.  I have never seen so many selections for breakfast.  I'm definitely coming here again when I'm out in Vegas.Dinner:  its 108 for 2 people and I don't really think its all that.  Yes, they have crab and a seafood selection but I was disappointed.  I thought dinner was going to be better than breakfast.  For that amount of money you can get a nice meal at Mesa Grill located in Caesar Palace.
4	It's tough writing a review for this place. There were some things that were just okay, but some items that were very memorable!My favorite parts are the carved meats station and the dessert block. Of course, various items (such as they're tator tots and oyster shooters) were also really really good. And their maracoons and chocolate mousse dome were awesome.Other things just seemed way off, such as their egg rolls.But overall, had enough to choose from and plenty that were enjoyable.
4	My bestie and her BF were in town and wanted to head on over here as they've heard nothing but good about it. I never really seek out buffets, but when tourist come I will oblige and indulge.Just a note that a few of the pictures show a price list when it first opened and it is NOT accurate. The profile picture is a outdated price list. This is the cost (currently) as follows:Breakfast (Mon - Fri, 7 a.m. - 11 a.m.): $25.99Brunch (Sat - Sun, 8 a.m. - 3 p.m.): $40.99Lunch (Mon - Fri, 11 a.m. - 3 p.m.): $32.99Dinner (3 p.m. - 10 p.m.): $45.99 on weekdays, $50.99 on weekendsOne thing about this place is that it is sleek and modern and was very well designed and the music selection contemporary downtempo type stuff. Of course we came for the food and the buffet was nicely spread out and nothing was looking old and dried out. We came around 4ish on a monday so it wasn't busy and had no line. That sometimes is a cause for concern that they wouldn't rotate out the lunch out fast enough, but everything was fresh by that time. I wouldn't want to wait hours in a line to eat either and would probably greatly change my opinion of this place. I rarely think anything is worth standing around 1-2 hours so I will go before rush times. I got a little bit from various savory stations among several rounds and nothing was bad. Even at some other higher end buffets I've had some misses I did not eat which did not occur here. Most ranged from good to very good with only two OK items (fried chicken could be juicier but had good breading, ceviche a little too lime and not enough salt). I was most surprised that the oysters were sweet and not strongly briny, mussels and snow crab were good. The meat station was solid - the veal steamship was juicy and fall apart tender, the lamb chops were perfectly cooked and good quality and the skirt steak was really tender which I'm normally not a fan of as it can be stringy. The baked salmon was surprisingly not overcooked and was perfect, The handmade dim sum were rather nice as I went back for seconds on their pork and leek dumpling. Dessert wise they were also strong. I really enjoyed the panna cotta with berry, the creme brulee was great texture (though the top could have been torched more), their warm pizookie type cookie was awesome with a scoop of ice cream and fresh whipped cream. They had french macarons, which is my favorite, and theirs was surprisingly decent! I loved the orange with chocolate creme macaron out of the 5 flavors they had and overdid it with inhaling these. Service was great. He was on top of drinks, but was also friendly and engaging conversation. My bestie really enjoyed the variety and definitely thought it was worth it and gives it a 4 while she giggles about my funny hobby. Her BF is a bit of a picky eater and doesn't eat some of the higher ticket items like the seafood bar to have made it worth the high pricetag of what he got, though he thought it was good. I can see why this buffet gets rave reviews. It is quantity that is serving up some quality too. I don't know if it's "good value" enough for me to return on my own, but I'm sure I'll be back at some point with tourist friends.
5	Bacchanal Buffet ranks the number 1 buffet in Las Vegas, but it ranks number 1 buffet I've ever had in my life!Cover photo prices are wrong, mon-fri lunch is $35.99.  But good food!  LOTS of seafood, prime rib, tri trip, sushi, pasta, pizza, salad bar, chinese, viet, and japanese.When you eat at Buffets, it usually goes like this:"Hey that's good!""Eh, that was ok" "Gross""Not bad!"Alright...."But at Bacchannal, everything was "pretty good!" I really liked the consistency.  The sea bass, seafood paella, ramen, truffle scallop potatoes, and king crab were my favorite.  I've never had a craving for any food when I go to Vegas.. (earl of sandwich is alright...) but I'm going to have a craving to go to bacchanal and try ALL the delicious food! :)
5	This is by far the best buffet I've ever had!  They have everything and it's fresh.  If your on the strip don't waste no more money at any other ones because you will be very pleased here even though it can be expensive.  The buffet runs for about 32.99 for lunch and 45 bucks for dinner.  Dinner kicks off at 3pm so it's best to get there between 2:30 and 3pm so you can pay the cheaper amount and be there for the dinner transaction.  This buffet is also ranked as the #1 buffet on the strip.  You will not be disappointed at all!
4	This Buffet is a little expensive at $50+ but it's high quality food so it's worth the money.  Here's what you need to know, They have fresh oysters! Huge variety of foods from mexican, BBQ, Chinese, Japanese, American, Seafood, Steaks, etc. Service is top notch, very quick and attentive and nice. Peach Ice Tea is AMAZING Desserts are awesome, Warm chocolate chip cookies!!!Comes after 8pm to avoid the long lines. Try the lamb chops and sea bass!They have Cheese and Meat Platters! WHAT?????No Lobster, but that's ok because there's plenty of other delicious things to eat. Go enjoy yourself!
5	hits:+truffle potato gratin+hamburger sliders+maccaroons+sweet potato tots+sweet potato fries+chocolate covered oreo+prime rib+green tea mochi+coffee ice cream+attentive friendly servers+mimosas were refilled quickly+plates always cleared+accomodated a huge group fairly quick went on a Saturdaymiss:- huge line for crab legs and it wasn't that great. skinny crab legs with hardly, to no meat. skip it.Otherwise, everything was so good. My entire group thoroughly enjoyed the buffet so much. I will happily come back!
2	The prices in the first pic are inaccurate.  It's actually 49.99 per person.  Now, after eating a $250 dinner for two last night, I thought that this buffet would be a super deal.  Wrong.First off, the lines are ridiculous.  There's a line to pay.  Then there's a line to get seated.  Then there's a line for the buffet itself.  Anything else?  Oh, yes, line for the bathroom.  For a buffet that holds 600+ eaters, 5 stalls in the womens' bathroom is hardly adequate.  Don't get excited, men,  two stalls and three urinals.This buffet is set up all wrong.  It's a HUGE space, but they have all the food on one side of the room.  Therefore, it creates a long and time consuming line to get any sort of food. Then comes the timing issue.  Since you're standing in said food line for a good 20 minutes, all of the food you got in the beginning of the line is already cold.  Mexican rice?  Cold.  Mashed potatoes?  Cold.  Baby carrots?  All cold.  I don't know anyone that prefers room temperature soup and cold fried chicken.While I can appreciate that they want to make a nice presentation, they have lots of dishes on small plates or in small baskets.  I'm in a buffet line, trying to juggle two small plates with samplings, a small basket of fried chicken, and a regular sized plate.  I REFUSE to get out of line to put anything down.The food quality is not all that great either.  The fried chicken was tasty, but not crispy.  Mexican rice didn't have enough flavor.  Everything was just, "meh".  The chicken sausage had a strange flavor.  Brisket was good, but was a tad on the dry side.  They did have a crepe station, which I was very excited for - but they only had raspberries and bananas for topping (plus some nuts and chocolate).  No strawberries.I guess we were there around closing time, because I heard two of the waiters arguing about the hostess seating more tables.  Then one of them goes to the table of 5 that had just been seated next to us, "The buffet closes in 30 minutes".  WTF?!?!  So RUDE, and definitely NOT enough time to eat your $51 worth of food.  Wicked Spoon is my first choice of buffet in Vegas.  I'll never do Bacchanal again.
3	For $50 a person, Bacchanal Buffet is one of the most expensive buffet in the strip. I had such high expectation for this since it is rated as the best buffet by numerous sources. Unfortunately, I don't think this place really lives up to the hype.We came here around 6pm on a weekday and there was zero wait. We walked up to the cashier, she swiped my credit card and we were seated right away. I love the glass decorations here and they made the place so much more prettier. As I walked through the area, I realize that this place is gigangtic. On one side, there is the buffet that goes on and on while the middle area is reserved specifically for desserts. To start off with the good, I love the desserts here. There are just so much varieties so much sure you save room in your stomach for them. From the usual cheesecakes, ice-creams to the more unique crepes and macaroons, they are absolutely delicious. As for my other favorites, they include the cocktail shrimps and lamb chops. The meat was so tender and juicy.As for the not so good, let's start with the service. It was by far the worst service I have received in any of the Vegas buffets I have eaten. Every time when I finished a plate and grabbed more food, the previous plate would always be there waiting for me. And with 2 people eating, that is a lot of plate stacking to save room for the not very large table to begin with. Drink refills were also very slow and ours didn't get refilled until we were already at the dessert phase (I had to even ask for it). If the servers can't even handle the people on a weekday, what would they do on a weekend?As for the food, I was pretty disappointed with the seafood. The oysters were very skinny, the crab legs were very salty and the clams were very sandy. The Japanese section also needs major improvement because the sushi selection is quite little. Seriously, I can find a $20 buffet in LA with better selection than what they offer here. If the price of the buffet is somewhat lower, I would rate buffet a lot higher. But for $50, I just don't think the selection and the quality of the food are worth that much. For now, Bellagio buffet is still my number one favorite in Vegas.
2	For 50 dollars per person this place is overrated. Not only did everything look un appealing it tasted worse. The only thing that was good were the king crab legs and the macaroons. Don't waste your money you can find a better buffet for cheaper on the strip.
2	After reading the hype once Caesar's Palace decided to upgrade Cafe Lago, I made a point on my next trip to Vegas to visit Bacchanal Buffet, which happened to be for breakfast ($25 with a Total Rewards card).  Overall, I liked the modern feel of the space with plenty of tables for large groups (8+) and somewhat uncharacteristic lounge music playing in the background.  The food, though, was pretty standard (and bordering on outright disappointing) in terms of breakfast/brunch buffets.To start with, Total Rewards Diamond and Seven Stars members get little signs as they are walked through the restaurant that are placed at their table.  While perhaps off-putting to an outsider, it is interesting to see how you are more likely to see the elderly, stingy video poker playing couple or upper-middle aged overweight blackjack/craps player eating by themselves than, for instance, Jay Gatsby in a tuxedo.  It goes to show that gambling in Las Vegas doesn't look quite like what the mailers picture it to be.I digress.  As I mentioned before, the breakfast food was pretty standard with the highlight being the carving station featuring brisket, ham, and a variety of what they termed "artisanal sausages."  Mind you, the sausages themselves--which usually had some extra spices or other ingredients mixed in--were just okay.  Other sections of the buffet try to put out individual servings of popular dishes but end up failing miserably.  Corned beef hash in a 2-inch bowl with a tiny egg (nice touch) but a scant few traces of corned beef among the potato shreds was a disgrace.  Chicken and waffles as a quarter Belgian waffle and a chicken wing is just wrong.  The mini-pancakes were dry, though they did a slightly better job with the French toast.  The Asian section had some steamed pork buns and basic Chinese food.  I would have loved to have seen some freshly cooked fish choices for those looking for more of a Japanese-style breakfast.On the plus side, I did like the large selection of juices served in individual-sized glass milk bottles.  It's more visually appealing and keeps the crowds moving faster than a Minute Maid dispenser or a couple of large carafes for self-service.While the overall environment (i.e., everything except the food) is top-notch, in my opinion, the breakfast offerings at Bellagio and Paris's buffets are superior.  In reality, though, if your level of play starts to get items taken off the hotel bill, your choice of breakfast buffet should be dictated by where you're staying or doing most of your gambling.  I don't think any buffet in Vegas is so much better than the others as to overcome the presumptive choice of free food.
3	It's already happening...the quality is going down.   Came here on a Tuesday night for dinner around 8:45 pm.  A 15 minute wait to the point of being seated; not bad. My appetite was building as I waited in line looking at the raw bar and the crab legs. I didn't get that the last time, because I came for lunch. With a bigger crowd than my lunch visit, I got a better feel for the weaknesses of this buffet when it is "packed".  The waiter was far less attentive than last time, he was missing the first 15 minutes after we were seated.  I waited to order our drinks and let my fellow diners go get their food.  However, my husband had a meatball accident...and the waiter brought a rag and club soda.  That was nice although it took him about another 15 minutes to get it.Now about the buffet...Again I love that for the most part they pre-portion food, so it "grab and move along".  However, the seafood bar is really not set up correctly.  The condiments and sauces are first, then the plates and then seafood.  People waiting in line (and there is always a line at the seafood bar) get down right angry cause it looks like you are cutting in line, but all you want are your condiments.   So about that seafood; I got oysters this time, and they were good but not great.  I guess I like a different type.  The crab legs....holy SALT! And I like salty, but I guess that is how they stop you from taking more than one plate.  So disappointing.Meats- Impressed they had lamb chops, but they were, unfortunately, well overdone.  The prime rib was also a medium-well done; i prefer it rarer and asked for a med-rare piece but that was the piece I got.  Mexican- I pick here and there.  Taking they carnitas, hot sauces, salsas and guacamole.Italian/Pizza/Mediterranean-  I don't eat any starch, but it looked decent.  Hubby said pizza crust was a bit soggy though.Asian- yeah. I finally made it this far, but none of it was impressive, but it was decent, better than most take out Chinese. Sushi- generic, but like they still offer it. Honestly, I think my favorite thing was the salad bar and cheese selection.I actually walked away this time, not stuffing myself. That is a first. Anyway, I STILL think this is the best buffet on the strip, but I think I won't be back unless any out-of-town guest ask to go to a buffet.
4	Yes, I am a fan. Friends of my wife and I brought us here. They highly recommended this place being they had visited 2 times prior. There are 9 food stations from exotic seafood to Chinese food to desert bar to Italian food to varies steaks, lamb and chops. I am normally ok with just 1 plate I had 3 plates here the food was excellent. My wife is not typically a lover of buffet food but she really enjoyed the options here. My only reason for giving 4 stars and not 5 is the extremely long lines (obviously the best buffet on the strip). We were told the standard line was about a 2 hour wait therefore we paid $15 extra per person for the express line which still took about 45 minutes. FYI: If you come with 8 or more people they automatically charge an 18% gratuity to your bill before you even sit down.
4	The amount of food I get for 50 dollars is well worth the price. Excuse the sob story, but when you grow up in poverty and have had dreams of all different kinds of food all racked up and displayed for your pleasure. It's kind of a big deal and not to mention they taste amazing. I love love love the honey glazed sweet potato tots and fries. The brisket was tender, a bit salty on the edges but that's what mash potato is for. I took one of everything in the desert station. Food coma, HELLO !Very nice decor. Friday night, we got there at 6:40 the wait was around 10 minutes and even got a casino comp of 10 dollars and 10% off our meal from one of the staff while waiting. I'm so glad we got there at that time because come 7 o' clock the line went from around the corner. Crazy. Overall it was one of the best buffets I've ever had.
4	If you can get there early and avoid the lines - this place is AMAZING. Great selection, delicious food and good service.
4	amazing! very pricey, but worth it in my opinion. Very clean and lots of cool decorations. Food is amazing too. There is literally a little bit of everything. And the dessert bar is definitely something you don't want to miss with its gelato bar and crepe station. Cant wait to go back
5	The best buffet ever! I'll come again next time in town!
4	The ALMIGHTY buffet of all buffets in Las Vegas! If you are into AYCE and you came to Vegas looking to eat, then this place is definitely a must try.  The only reason its 4 stars vs. 5stars is because I had to during dinner time and having to pay $50 really hurt my wallet. However, would i do it again?  Probably would.  Why? Because this buffet is definitely aesthetically pleasing in their presentation and layout.  Not every item was a scoop and serve feel but some were plated and decorated so beautifully it was hard eating it because it was pretty (such like the watermelon feta salad in a chess square formation)  Also, this is one of the few buffets in my list that do not skimp on the QUALITY vs quantity.  It might be a buffet but each dish definitely tasted fresh and flavorful with all quality meats and produce. I'll be visiting this buffet very soon as this buffet is one of the top on my list. Others include: Wicked Spoon, M Resort Studio buffet, and Bellagio (in no particular order)
3	I came here from brunch on a Saturday after hearing all the hype about this buffet.  I have to say that I was disappointed.  Yes, the decor was gorgeous, but there was really nothing about this buffet that made it stand out from other average buffets on the strip that I've been to. The coolest thing here was that you could get your tacos made fresh...but there was always a line for this and considering I'm from SoCal and can get bomb Mexican food anytime, I was not impressed.  Their meat spread was also pretty cool, with a variety of sausages, whole hens, smoked brisket (YUM), and pork ribs.  Unfortunately, when I went the pork ribs were WAY overcooked and had a rubbery consistency.  However, this may have been a fluke because my waiter (great service here btw!) took note and made an effort to ask what was wrong with the ribs when he cleared out my plate.  Interesting enough, I found that the best food here was the Asian food.  They had xiao long bao, blackened chicken soup, noodle soup (pho, tonkatsu ramen!, udon), kalbi (but no kimchi anywhere?), a variety of stir fry dishes and Chinese BBQ (peking duck!!, charsiu pork, bbq pork ribs). The sushi was meh though.They had a pretty interesting salami and cheese spread, but that's not what I really want to eat when I go to a buffet.  I LOVED their fresh squeezed juices and got two bottles of carrot juice :9 They did not have their signature oysters when I went, and instead they had mussels. =/  The dessert was your typical Vegas buffet fare--I was ready to be wowed by the custom crepes and macarons, but they had neither when I went.   They had pretty interesting gelato flavors though--balsamic fig, chili mango, blood orange and baklava!!This place still gets 3 stars because it is a good Vegas buffet. Just not the best, and not particularly unique from other decent Vegas buffets. For the price you pay, I had expected unique dishes like Wicked Spoon (which was priced $10 less than here that day!). I would rather go to the Carnival World Buffet at Rio for a wider variety of similar food.Oh, and if you have a Total Rewards card you get a whole dollar off each buffet meal purchase.
4	I really liked this, but we didn't wait in the hour+ long line. It's$50 on the weekend though.  The food is good with a nice presentation and the interior is quite different than most buffets - good and bad.  There aren't any real walk ways to get from the tables to the food.  The food is basically on a long wall that winds away from the dining area, with the Japanese and Chinese food way in the back, and starting from left to right with the raw bar (slowly shucked oysters-few on ice), american food...It doesn't totally feel like a buffet because of the look of the place.  Nice $19M renovation!  A modern look but not stark like Aria's buffet.  The food, though, can be hard to reach.  It sits at waist level and some of the items are set back so far under the sneeze guard that you have to practically kneel down to reach, especially in the Asian section.There's no fancy ingredients (like at the Bellagio on weekends) but the presentations can be fancy - little pots of chowder and fried chicken in cones with sweet potato fries on the bottom, individual servings of truffled potatoes au gratin, yum!  You can get your king crab legs on ice or hot out of the water.The tacos were pretty good off the griddle.  Too bad they are cooking them 3-4 at a time instead of trying to stay ahead of the line.  I got mine late and had to stand there for 5 minutes waiting for the two people in front of me.  I had to translate the Spanish to the gringo before me so that he knew what he was getting.  (High school Spanish only.)I did really like the carving station which was piled high in bbq pork ribs, lamb chops, prime rib, chicken, sausages, etc.  My prime rib was cut from the middle and was a nice medium, juicy, and well seasoned.
4	Try everything they have about three sections I say start from the back and work your way up unless you specifically want seafood thats mainly in the front. The BF not too happy about the lamb as he is a lamb expeprt lol otherwise its beautiful in there and your choices are plenty. Enjoy......
4	I am not really much of a buffet person, but my mother and I really did enjoy our dinner at the Bacchanal Buffet. I like how the food at all of the stations is made fresh and they cook it right in front of you. The desert station is also amazing! While the food is expensive, it is worth the money you pay!
4	We were very impressed with the array of different food available at this Buffet.Pro's1) Prime Rib.2) Lamb chops ( ask for mint Jelly)3) Sushi.4) Dessert bar.5) Fried chicken in a basket w/ sweet potato fries.6) Crab legs. They were cut open, easy to eat.Con's1) Pork ribs were so salty they affected my taste on other items.2) Signage on how to get to Buffet. We had a hard time finding it. Most casinos have better signage.Overall a very good buffet.
4	I don't know if I can ever give any buffet 5 stars because I always walk away from one hating myself a little bit. Bacchanal is pricy (~$33 for lunch on a weekday) so you will see people including myself overeat here to try to get their "money's worth". I will say though, when I first entered this restaurant, I felt a sense of wonderment with the amazing variety of the food. Everything here was tasty...just remember, all things are better in moderation!
4	Oh yeah!  This competes with Wynn for best buffet on the strip.  Came in for lunch.  Their asian selection is surprisingly very well done!  They have cool fruit juices, different seafoods, fresh meats, tacos, a great dessert bar (they even have gummy bears in a jar that you can take away).  An overall really really well done place.  Service here is also up there.  Even the guy cutting the roast beef had this big smile on his face and is so happy to give you a slice!  Bacchanal if you're reading this, you should give him a raise (he's a black dude - yeah that's pretty vague I know)!  I would definitely come back!  Oh, and this is better than the Wicked Spoon.
4	Pros: Food was very nicely presented. The atmosphere was exceptionally beautiful for a buffet but expected when you pay this much for one. They had a good variety of meat including lamb, prime ribs, several sausages, and brisket. The main attraction to me personally was their desserts. They were all amazing but I definitely recommend the creme brulee and lava cake as the best. Cons: The Asian food was pooooooooooooooo. They looked all pretty and whatnot but seriously missing some serious flavor in them. They do have a nice variety but they all literally taste like water...=/
4	Went here for brunch on a Sunday. Unlimited mimosas. Didn't think anything was great but it was good. I don't know if it's worth $50 (w/tax) but I guess it depends on how much you can eat. I'd come back again, on my bday. :-)
4	My first experience with crab legs was here. If it weren't for the crab legs and the seafood bar in general, this buffet would probably be at 2 or 3 stars. HOWEVER - the seafood was so good and fresh and delicious with drawn butter and other condiment selections, that I would absolutely return to this place for those items alone. Everything else was very generic in terms of buffet - some subpar asian selections, some decent breakfast items, and a tempting fried food section. But these did not stand up to the crab.Dessert selection - did not stand out.If you don't eat seafood, I wouldn't recommend this place. If you do eat seafood... go, and go hungry.
3	I was really excited to try the buffet at Caesar's after hearing and reading so many rave reviews about it. I think the $35 price (if you have a casino rewards card) is right on point as it really is an amazing buffet offering a vast array of dishes.  However, I'm only giving it 3 stars cuz well alot of the dishes weren't really all that great tasting.  The presentation is beautiful and the service top notch but several of the dishes I tried were either overcooked or rather bland, especially the "American" dishes.The best section was by far the Asian dishes -- these were all standouts IMHO including the dim sum and the noodle dishes. The dessert bar was also good but a few of the desserts I tried were just kinda meh. The gelato on the other hand was outta this world --- a definite MUST try. Just as a point of reference.. we went at 1:30 and there was NO line. When we came out the line was crazy long so it seems like this a good time to come if you want to avoid the crazy crowds.
5	Best buffet ever! They had so much to choose from and every single morsel of food was delicious.  Well, the crab legs were a little salty, but still good. There was an American station, along with Italian, Asian and Mexican stations overflowing with food.  Of course I had plates from each one, but my favorite item was this amazing slider from the American station. I would have had another, but I was already so full and  had to save room for dessert. They had fresh squeezed juice available as well, but I spent most of my time at the dessert bar. They had ice cream, cakes, tarts  and you could even create your own crepe. I was so excited that they had thai tea flavored ice cream. It tasted just like the drink and I was in heaven! I also had red velvet cake, pistachio ice cream and a key lime tart, which was also one of my favorites. This is officially my favorite buffet in Vegas. It was pricey, but completely worth it.
4	I thought this was an excellent buffet. I liked it way better than any other buffet I've gone to on the Strip. We went at 4pm on a Saturday to beat the crowd so we were seated pretty quickly. The variety is amazing! Their Chinese food is actually pretty decent, and their choice of cuts of meat (LAMB!!) was great. Their desserts were good as well; the only detracting thing is the price. $50 for a buffet is nuts.
4	I really do not like buffets. My parents live in Las Vegas and they love buffets and I read about this one in USA Today and decided to give it a try.This is the best buffet I have ever had and would return. We went for lunch. I beleive it was about $30 per person. A good value for the quality.The food is fresh, presented well and tasted good. I especially liked that there were healthy options such as carrot juice, raw oysters, delicious peeled shrimp and a fresh salad bar.  Also enjoyed the cooked salmon, which was still moist and well seasoned.Choices were endless. From BBQ (which looked great with brisket, racks of ribs, pulled pork, etc), Chinese, Italian and Japanese, an extensive selection. They have something for everyone.The desserts were excellent. I tried the mochi. Several flavors. It was incredibly fresh and creamy. Best I have ever had. Also had Jelly Bellies and fresh berries. Can't go wrong with these!
5	made my way back to Bacchanal but for brunch this time and i was just as impressed with this experience as i was with my dinner one! brunch starts at 7am on saturday and sunday but there was no way that our group was going to make it at that time haha. our group of 8 showed up closer to 11am on a saturday morning and there was NO LINE! price is $41 for brunch and that includes unlimited mimosas :) note that if you are with a party of 8, then they will charge 18% gratuity so make sure to mention your group size when you are purchasing your meal. we didnt know this so after we had paid separately without gratuity included, we all had to go back to the cashier and get gratuity added to our total - was a bit confusing but no biggie.we got seated right away and off to the food! there were a lot of breakfast-y items at 11am but as time progressed, we did notice food items being changed out so it was kind of cool that every time you looked at the food, you could find something different to try. seafood options included crab legs, shrimp cocktail and mussels. the carving station had a ton of options too like prime rib, beef brisket (my fave), ham, sausage, and more that i can't even remember. and omg i loved all the asian food that i tried! the har gow, congee, fried rice, chow mein, ramen - it was all legit! also loved the tacos that are made fresh for you. i stumbled upon this toward the end of the meal i had to make room for these and im glad i did cuz they were delicious! oh and desserts too - fresh churros, souflees, lava cake, ice cream, and gelato. perfect way to end the meal. we were told there was a 2 hour time limit for the table and we definitely used the entire time to eat and drink the morning away :)
5	Best buffet in Vegas!I've been here a tons, mainly because of some work in vegas. After going about 5 times, I kind of know what to avoid and what not to avoid. I try not to eat anything I can get at home. My first stop is ALWAYS the seafood section. Grab an empty plate and ask the guy for some hot crab legs. SOOOOOO GOOOOOOD! And the crab legs aren't small or difficult to eat. Also their prime rib is always perfectly cooked (medium rare)If you go during lunch, you get unlimited champagne and mimosas included as well!Their juices are REALLY fresh and their desserts are pretty good. I always forget to leave room for desserts but the last time I went I made room for a crepe. You basically make your own crepe and you can throw on a couple scoops of gelato.Every time I go to vegas, I ALWAYS go to Bacchanal. If the line reaches the very end of the rope, I'd say that's like a 20-30 minutes wait. Not too bad. The best time to go, if you go to vegas on the weekend, is probably late lunch on Saturday since a lot of people are out at day clubs. It's more expensive than the others but there's a reason.
5	SO. GOOD. But definitely a really long line, we waited about 40 minutes at around 1 pm for Sunday Brunch. But oh it was worth it. Even at 42 per person.Good:Shrimp & GritsDim sumMELON JUICE (seriously amazing)Shrimp cocktail: jumbo shrimpsSausage (when they say spicy they mean SPICY)BrisketWaffle friesFRESH FRUITS (omg the pineapples)Breakfast pizza: the bf really liked though I thought it was okQuail egg with hash (sunny side up)DESSERTS: There's a chocolate cake-y thing that was really good, there's was a crunch at the bottom that was like chocolate crisp or something and their blood orange gelato was really good too. They also had some sugar free options too though obviously they were a little more blandOk:This sandwich with strawberries, hams, and a sunny side up egg on top (I'm just a sucker for sunny side up eggs)Sushi was normal though the salmon poke was really goodBroccoli and cheeseCrab legs were a little tasteless and too cold, almost frozenUnlimited Mimosas
3	Make sure you come prepared to stand in line here at the Bachannal Buffet. Being one of the more popular buffet's on The Strip, this line can get outright outrageous I heard.  We were lucky this time,  waiting less than 45 minutes, after hearing stories of people waiting 1-2 hours. BTW, you can opt to pay an extra fifteen bucks to enter via the "Preferred" line. Nope, I'll wait. After paying for two, which by-the-way set me back a cool $102 bucks, we were escorted to our seats and invited to start anytime we wished. Ah, my dining companion and I decided we would make a "dry run" through the entire buffet to prepare ourselves for the journey ahead of us. After familiarizing ourselves with the setup, we proceeded to get our food. For me, the first stop was the Asian section. Being savvy enough to discipline oneself to realize that there is one big huge buffet ahead and not to fill up on starch here can be difficult here.  There was a nice layout of sushi and other Oriental delicacies. As I made my way around the buffet, I couldn't help but notice the standard items found in most buffets. People were piling their plates with crab legs, which btw were probably snow crab, really skinny. I think I took maybe two small legs. I made my way to the prime rib, which is kinda how I judge a good buffet. I asked for a medium rare piece, but was a little disappointed in it's being dry. There were other meats, but they looked equally dry also. The oysters are good, though, very fresh. They have a nice display of fish in the display case which made for a great photo op!  The Mexican section was pretty good, but I think the star of this buffet had to be the dessert section. Macarons, cakes, pies, cake pops, even mochi ice cream! A dessert lover's paradise! All in all, I have to give this buffet a three star rating because I felt it was a bit overrated and because the meat section wasn't what I expected. The service was fair, although I noticed towards the end of our meal it got slow and our drinks went un-refilled... Would I go back? Probably not, I did want to try the brunch one day though. I think for the money, there are other better choices in Vegas.
5	Ahhhhh, a good Vegas buffet.. Who doesn't look forward to absolute permission to eat their face off and the food coma that ensues? But since the prices of these buffets have increased so significantly in the last few years I've found it a little harder to justify multiple visits in one trip. For the same price of a buffet, I can go eat at a fun restaurant and maybe save a few calories by not having the option of eating pizza and chicken wings and French fries all in one go. My last trip to Sin City included a trip to Bacchanal at Caesar's Palace and this may have completely changed my mind about what a buffet should be and how often I'm willing to go.In a word...incredible. Anything you can imagine was available at their weekend brunch. From an amazing assortment of Chinese, Korean, Japanese, even Vietnamese to Italian pizza and pastas. Sliders and hot dogs to chicken and waffles to pancakes to quiche, I mean the list goes on and on. There were so many different stations (I counted a carving station, an omelet station, a pho/noodle station, a pasta station) and I think there could've been more, but after a while I knew I wouldn't be able to walk back to the room if I kept eating. There was also a fantastic array of raw sea food and sushi available. And everything was good, some items were even great (any of their pizzas and the Korean bbq short ribs, for sure!). I loved that many of the dishes were served in individual hot dishes instead of the big bulk catering dishes that everyone picks out of. The downside to that was that it made carrying things a little difficult as you could really only carry two personal dishes at a time. I'm going to try to think of a system next time I go where I can try to grab as many as five different dishes in one trip. I never made it to the dessert section, although my friend did declare that they had some of the best bread pudding she had ever tasted. For $45 (that's the weekend brunch price - before 3:00 PM) Bacchanal is 100% worth the money, time and calories. Drinks are included (even mimosas!), and you will definitely eat enough so that you won't me hungry for a very long time. Considering that the night before I bought a bottle of water and a very small turkey sandwich in the hotel lobby for $18, this is an absolute steal. Can't wait to go back and try this one more time!
3	This place is just A-Ok.  $60! outrageous!  I think the layout of food could be better.  Doesnt seem that efficient and the food way in the back seem to never get touched.Service is terrible.  Our first plate was on our table the entire hour we sat and ate.  Boo on that!Food tastes just as good as other buffets.  Since this is the newest, expect a one hour wait.Most of the dessert here tastes like it has 1/4 of the sugar it supposed to have.  TIP: show your rewards card to save $3!
5	MY NEW FAVORITE VEGAS BUFFET!  I'm sorry Wynn, but you got some good competition hereGreat variety and good quality, the most memorable being:- King crab legs are juicy and not as salty as most other seafood buffets- cocktail shrimp were big, fresh, and crispy- orange juice was super sweet and tasty- shrimp and grits - surprisingly flavorful, done cajun style with a little spice to the cheesyness of the grits- korean short ribs - super tender and well marinated- cold bean salad - very hearty and fresh tasting with cilantro- potatoes gratin (?) creamy and flaky thin slices of potatoes YUM- watermelon mint sorbet very unique- caramel sugar butter gelato - SO GOOD!!- fudge filled cookiesnothing was horrible that i could not eat.  i finished everything off my plate, my only regret is that i could not fit more into my stomach, or else i would have tried more items.  my recommendation would be to go get your food in groups of 2 so if you are going to pick a pre-portioned mini individual size plate, you and your friend could plan to share it, rather than getting full off of 4 items you want to try.
4	I used to love the Wynn buffet and refused to try anywhere else.  Many of my friends told me about the Bacchanal buffet and finally i gave it a try last Thursday night.  It was $46.99 for dinner and I was so happy with the food choices and quality.I was going to give a 5 star rating but i took out 1 star because of the service.  My server pretty much disappeared after the first drink, and no one came to pick up our plates and I had to brought the plates to other servers in order to get spaces for the table.  My favorite dishes:- Rib eye steak (Juicy and tender)- Fresh made taco - Korean Ginseng chicken soup - King Crab Legs and Cocktail shrimp- Onion rings & potato wedges (very fresh and tasty)- Fried Pork Skin- Tonkotsu Ramen- Shrimp Scampi- Strawberry Mochi - Creme Brulee
4	Buffet is really not my thing but I have been to many of them and Bacchanal is definitely a quality buffet with a vast selection.  We went around 10:30 and during the course of our meal they were starting to transition to lunch items.  They have all of the usual buffet items for a Vegas "global" theme - carving station with various meats, seafood (shrimp cocktail, mussels, oysters), Asian food (sushi, variety of stir fry, so-so dim sum), desserts galore, Mexican (tacos), breads, charcuterie and so much more.  Beautiful restaurant, service not as good as expected, roughly $30 per adult, I believe.
5	tip: look for the "chef's special" tags in the buffet countersbest buffets are cyclical.  as such, this one is the best so far. highlights:-ramen, pho, udon bar (ramen's broth is amazing, pho sucks)-bbq items (brisket and sausage is just okay, not as tender as i'd hoped, just for looks in the buffett)-lamb chops (not as good as wynn's)-fresh oysters (small ones too which is great)-crepe station (could make sweet crepes with ice cream and fruits)the newest joints will always draw the most crowds. after a few months to a year, they downgrade it drastically; offer less expensive items like fish, and all fresh berries.  good example is wicked spoon (downgraded but still very good).
5	It's my favorite buffet now :) My top three. Belagio, Wynn, and now Caesars :) You won't regret paying for that price! it's worth it
5	We went opening weekend and it was fabulous. However, I have noticed that the price has steadily increased since its opening. We had brunch for $19.99 - for what we had we underpaid. The raw bar was a great surprise - fresh shucked oysters, ceviche, shrimp cocktail. We love hitting the brunch hours for buffets, get the best of breakfast and lunch for a great price (usually). Everything from the red velvet pancakes to the fried chicken baskets was perfection. The dessert section was massive. They took a page out of the Cosmo's book and served everything individually - much more sanitary. All of the chefs behind the glass were talkative and helpful. The manager was checking in with all of the guests as well (granted it was opening weekend). The chairs are pretty hefty lounge-style armchairs which makes it a little difficult to maneuver with a hand full with a plate and your chair was tucked back in while you were gone.
2	I eat out at both buffets and restaurants every week.   I went to this buffet on Memorial Day weekend, the price was $65 a person. One would think for that price it would be well above an average buffet.  The buffet was the same as any other night.  They raised the price just for the weekend and offered the same food.  Lots to chops from BUT very little was great. Lots meats carved by a chef but all were dry and salty.  Several fresh vegi but again covered in salt and pepper.  Seafood was ok.  The crab was good but hardly worth $65.  Some pasta selection and pizza but again REALLY for $65.   Even at the regular price of $40 this buffet fell far short. Only plus about the buffet was the desserts.  For most part the desserts were tasty.  I been to lots vegas buffets.  I won't be back here.  I came due to good revues but I don't know what others saw in this buffet.  I prefer rio seafood buffet at $29 any day of the week over this.
5	Officially my favorite buffet on the strip, hands down! Sorry Wicked Spoon.... After the hype and all the news about the greatness of Wicked Spoon, I was really disappointed in the quality of the food and the lack of variety and presentation.Bacchanal... Wow talk about getting what we paid for. My hubby and I absolutely loved it. We waited about an hour but man, it was worth it! Very creative in display and presentation, awesome variety of unique dishes, very scrumptious desserts, and great service! We will definitely be back! Thanks for the great food!
3	Quality:   3.5.  Selection:  4.  Value: 0.  Overall:  2.5.   Went the Sunday before Memorial Day.  Encountered a long line.  Decided to pay $20 extra per person to move up in line.  Dinner price was $60.95 each.  So, I paid $80.95 per person.  There was a display case in the front with lobsters.  After being seated, I looked for the lobster.  NO LOBSTER I WAS TOLD.  What the hell.  Looked for other options.Great:Lamp chopsBurger slidersAsada tacosDisappointing:Crab Prime ribSushiSalad barThis buffet is worth maybe $30 to $40.  Pay $60+ and no alcohol.  Not again.
4	My husband and I ate here the day after our wedding. We couldn't decide together on where we wanted to go, but I really wanted to try this buffet after hearing a lot of great things about it. We came for lunch on Memorial Day Weekend nonetheless. The line was not that bad. I would say we waited about five to seven minutes to be seated. The decor in this place was typical to a Strip buffet: very sleek and modern. The price was a little up there. I even used my Total Rewards card, but I only got a discount of a couple of dollars. For a lunch buffet, I think we received a great value. There was a wide variety of food: wider than I expected. I liked that the food was served in small portions because then you can get a small taste of everything and get your money's worth. The presentation of the food was upscale. Everything I ate was delicious. The fresh-squeezed juice was my favorite. I've never seen a "juice bar" of sorts in any buffet that I have eaten at in Las Vegas. The only complaint I have is that the staff wasn't as attentive as I would have liked them to be, especially considering it wasn't very busy while we were there. I go through drinks fast and it seemed like forever for one of the staff to refill my drink. My husband was impressed though. I think we will come here again, but only on a special occasion.
2	I came here to eat after the ridiculous long lines died down a bit. I must say, I don't get the hype about this place and felt a bit disappointed. I suggested coming here with a group of friends. I was pretty excited to eat here and found that nothing impressed me and the price tag could not be justified. Nothing stood out for me that would make me want to come here again. I think the highlight of my meal was the ginseng chicken soup. All other items, I've had better at other buffets. I didn't think their selection was that impressive. There was a point where I wondered around the buffet feeling still hungry but with nothing interesting to eat. That was weird considering I'm walking around a buffet, surrounded by food. My group must've felt the same way because I constantly see people bring back round two and three of the ginseng chicken soup. The desserts were definitely not impressive but I will give credit for the sweet crepe selection.
4	Bacchanal is a really good buffet in vegas.  It has a good selection of food.  The only thing that it was lacking was a good selection of sushi.  Their shrimps for shrimp cocktail were big and very good looking.  Crab legs were very meaty.  They also have some reallllyyy good lamb chops.  And if you're into green tea mochi, you're in luck. They also have some other flavors as well. 1 star off for the price.  I went for dinner on a weekday and it was ~$45 after taxes.  This is not including tip.  The only reason why this isn't my favorite buffet on the strip is because of the price.
4	Super long lines must mean great prices and great food right???Partially right. For around $70 per person after tax and tip (Memorial Day weekend dinner price), you'd expect this place to be as good as a $$$ steakhouse in beverly hills. Some dishes were really really really good (watermelon mint sorbet), and some dishes shouldn't be allowed in the buffet (sushi rolls). The goods:- Crab legs, flan, prime rib, veges like green beans & corn, blackened chicken soup, scalloped potatoes, cocktail shrimp, salmon poke, bbq porkThe not so goods but still decent:- Scallop, fried chicken, sushi, macarons, sausage, muscles, clamsService: relatively quick for a crowded eveningI'd probably come back on a weekday and not a weekend, and honestly if I had to wait more than 60 minutes for any buffet, I'd probably bounce no matter how good the food is. BUT if you're willing to wait, or have a membership card that lets you skip the long wait, then by all means, weekend lunch or dinner at Bacchanal's won't disappoint.
1	$61.99 for dinner Memorial Weekend and guess what I got a refund. The quality of the food was poor and the buffet was a mess. I will admit the desserts looked appealing but sometimes things look good, and taste awful. I walked around the buffet grabbed a piece of cold chicken and put the plate down. Next went over to the taco lady asked her 50 times if it was white meat chicken she said yes. I could tell it was not when she handed it to me I handed it back. I saw there was a back room with pizza that looked like it was frozen and they added cheese. The sushi looked like frozen bad quality you get at an all you can eat sushi buffet for $10. I literally told the manager I want a refund and just sat. the seafood was all frozen and just defrosted no king crab but snow crab. the shrimp were frozen cheap quality that look like they were thawed out and put on the bar. If you know food this is not a good buffet. I ate two times and the wicked spoon in my hotel and you cannot even compare the quality of food to that buffet night and day. Seriously passsssssssssssssssssssss
3	If you're in the mood for mountains of food, this is the place for you. Their selection of seafood was great, but nothing stood out taste wise. The best thing that I had by far was the sweet potato tater tots. The massive dessert bar with almost anything that you could imagine on it was fun to peruse. I had a gorgeous pecan tart that was pretty tasty. Made me with that my wife was there to enjoy it as well!
1	Went here on Memorial Day weekend, and like other reviews, it was terrible.  We paid $55 for lunch, and the only thing that was any good was the brisket.  Everything else tasted like leftovers, or maybe it was just sitting out far too long.We also wanted to get unlimited mimosas, but apparently, this buffet doesn't offer unlimited mimosas on holiday weekends.Tip: Go to Wicked Spoon instead.
2	Wicked Spoon is better. The lines are long but move fast, come before noon and you'll be OK. You can call ahead and find out the wait time. I would make sure you check if they have unlimited mimosas because certain weekends they do special menus which do not include unlimited alcohol. Under those circumstances, bring a drink in from Fat Tuesday's (they let a large group do that!).The food overall is very diverse, but nothing really stood out except maybe the bread and the waffles. When sliced bread is what stands out at a buffet, that's when you know they've done something wrong. The prime rib was disappointingly raw and chewy, the brisket was ridiculously fatty, and the sausage was not amazing. Some famous items like the chocolate strawberries and mochi were not there during Memorial Weekend, I wonder if my experience wasn't as good because of the special menu?
4	Super long line. But we got lucky and got to dodge it. The secret? I'm not telling you because it's a secret ;) Anyways, we paid $78 per person including tip. We were a bit short on time bc some people in our group had to catch a flight out. But I started off with the seafood and sushi and then ended up eating dessert and that was about it. I don't think I ate my $80 worth. :( However, the food is pretty good. There are certain desserts and items that I could do without. But all in all, the crab legs were delicious. The macaroons were way too sweet for me. All in all, I'd probably be back. Hopefully it's not as expensive next time. I think it was expensive bc I came during Memorial Day weekend. Or maybe i'll come back for lunch which is about half the price.
2	Super disappointed in this whole experience.Firstly, at about 4pm on the Friday before Memorial Day my husband and I called to find out the prices, and we were told $50 for dinner.  We got dressed and arrived around 5pm, only to find out that prices were actually $62/person.  We had just called about this information!!!  They would not honor the price we were quoted, but offered champagne, which we declined because we were driving (not gonna lie, I was a little irritated they wanted to make us another couple of drunks on Memorial Day weekend).  So we left that night without eating.We returned today around 2:15 and hopped in line.  Although the line was almost all the way full, there was only ONE CASHIER letting people in.  Of course we are second in line to pay at 2:55, when they stop the line claiming the restaurant was too full and they could no longer let anyone else in.  Several groups behind us in line left.  At 3:05 they magically are able to open back up and we of course have to now pay the dinner price, despite the fact we were there waaaay before 3pm.  SUPER ANNOYING, and that on top of my raging hunger got the poor cashier a tongue lashing.  Not her fault, but a pretty shitty way to run a business, especially when we pass SIX empty tables on the way to our own and notice almost an entire section of tables empty; there was no way it was "too full" ten minutes earlier.  Thanks for ensuring we won't return, Caesar's.Anyway, on to the food.  Nothing impressive, I much prefer the buffet at Wynn.  The sushi was excellent for buffet sushi, there was a great bread selection, and a huge offering of desserts.  The overall selection is amazing, like fried pickles and edamame and like ten different kinds of salsa, but the quality is only average.  The pasta dishes had been sitting out to where the cheese had hardened, and the chef said he couldn't place more out until those were taken.  The line for the seafood stuff was ridiculously long, it went all the way into the American foods station. The dessert spread is massive, and I have a huge sweet teeth so I sampled everything I could fit inside of me!  The cookies and mini cupcakes (love that they are mini!) were divine, everything else was just meh.  The tiramisu, normally my fave, was awful!  Hubby isn't much a dessert fan but occasionally partakes and didn't like anything he tried.   Service was mediocre.  We had our dishes pile up a bit, but a glass never went dry and that was great. Overall, I would skip this buffet and use the money at a better restaurant elsewhere.  If you're set on a buffet, try the Wynn!
3	I really don't have too much to say about this buffet. I realize that it receives rave reviews and it's been featured in many "Top _____" lists of places to hit up in Vegas, but it simply didn't leave a lasting impression on me for whatever reason.My husband and I decided to get in line a little after lunch time, around 3p.m. The line moved so incredibly slowly, I was soon getting pissy. My feet hurt, I was tired of staring at the folks next to me, and I was hungry! Rawrrrr!We finally got to the front of the line after roughly 45 minutes of waiting. Once it was our turn to pay, all the cashiers left their stations and stood around chatting for about 10-15 minutes. By this time, I was expecting every dish to be made of gold and diamonds, based on the excruciatingly long wait time. Finally, the cashiers returned to the their stations and we paid and waited in another line to be seated. That line, luckily, didn't take as long to get through and we were seated right by the entrance of the place, about a foot away from an odd older German gentlemen and his younger 'not so interested' male date. On our other side was an Asian couple who barely ate and just looked grumpy. It was a little too close for comfort for my hubby and I, as we enjoy moving our arms freely as we eat. After giving the waitress our drink orders, we got up to indulge, finally. I grabbed a plate and walked around the loooooooong seafood line to get to the other areas of the buffet. I really wasn't wowed by anything they had to offer. I had some sweet potato tot things (Hey Napoleon, give me some of your tots!), mashed potatoes, some type of chicken, and a sample of numerous desserts. After tasting the food I had waited so long for, and paid so much for (It was an Easter buffet or something at the time), I was really not blown away. I mean, it was good, it was a Vegas buffet, after all. In all honesty, I'd much rather blow my money at the Wicked Spoon, which at least has a couple of dishes that I LOVE.As far as ambiance - it was super duper crowded and uncomfortable. I felt like everyone was staring at me eat because they literally were staring at me while I ate. Not EVERYone, but the people nearing the front of the line who had been waiting their hour. A good 30 or so people had a good view of me stuffing my face. I know I shouldn't care, but I'm the observant type, so it was off putting. I didn't like how closely I was sitting to our neighbors, and I didn't like being seated right in front of a line! There. I've said it. My hubby and I may try this buffet again on a future trip to Vegas to see if the first encounter was a fluke, but more than likely we'll stick with the Aria buffet, Wicked Spoon, or the Wynn buffet.
2	Plus: you get to people watch and see the frenzy that is Asian people collecting buffet food in extraordinarily planned fashion. (You. Crab leg line. Me. Meat line. Transfer plates. More. More.)Minus: overrated.It was my first time in Vegas, and I just had to try the infamous Las Vegas buffet. This is the newer one out of the bunch, and judging by photos and reviews, it looked like we were in for a luxurious feast. Not your normal buffet!The line was long and sweeping, and took approximately an hour to get to the front where you pay first. Memorial Day weekend we ended up paying brunch prices, not lunch, which was approximately $50. Okay, well, I heard about the steak...and the starters..and the seafood...has to be worth it! *If you tack on $20, you can go in the express line.Upon entry, it looked gorgeous. The tall chairs and round tables were groups felt very cozy and intimate. Plenty of seating to go around. However, once I started lining up for the meat/other-unhealthy-yums line, I knew that my experience would begin to deteriorate. I waited 30 minutes before I even got one item on my empty plate. The buffet here operates by lines; you can't really cut in to just grab a certain dish, unless you are daring enough to brave the snarls of hungry line waiters. There were assorted Mexican rice dishes, then some salads, soups, bread rolls and cold pastas (which no one ventured into cause it curved inwards and people didn't want to lose their spot in line) before hitting the Memorial Day sliders. The sliders and small items were placed on cute colored square dishes, which take up much real estate on your plate. I saw a man plop those items on his white plate (genius!) before he got reprimanded by the chef for not taking the square plate with him. But let's be real--you have to wait so long to just get an item....people are not going to be going back in line because your plate sizes don't make sense.Onto the food:PROTEIN: Cuts of meat included rib eye (best protein here), lamb shank (salty), brisket (salty), chicken (didn't try) and a fatty bacon slice. The waffle fries were in cute mini fryer baskets, but unfortunately were overly salty. PASTA: baked lasagna cube. Nasty, dry, heavy....nyuck.SALAD: So-so. Again with the square plates!SUSHI: too much rice. If you pick off the salmon off the nigiri, you can get some good sashimi bites, though.UDON/RAMEN SOUP: Actually pretty decent. The broth was yummy and not too salty! Cooked fresh per order, and the line went super fast for this.DESSERT: crepes were one of the highlights of Bachannal desserts. It's DIY except for the fresh crepe. The lava cake was good, but overly heavy and dense. fresh, no yucky icicle ridden gelato here. They only give you 1 mini scoop which again, takes up valuable plate real estate if you get more than 1 flavor.SEAFOOD: Shrimp was wonderful. crab legs were good, but mine were cold. You'll have to wait for the fresh steamed one and work at it. No oysters until dinner service...sad.SIDES: only liked the fresh vegetables, which was probably cooked in butter. The mac and cheese was dense. Salty fries. DRINKS: peach green tea for the win.Service was good--the people clearing plates were very, very fast and efficient. However, drinks were very slow. It's too overpriced and too limited in good items that you can get at subpar restaurants. You might as well take the $50 and go to a nice steakhouse. "Las Vegas buffets"--nothing to see here at Bachannal, folks. Move on.
2	Man, I was really excited to eat here. The good reviews, the fresh tacos....I came on a Tuesday at 2pm for lunch and there was no line. This was the week before Memorial so they can't blame the lack of quality on a holiday rush. The place is pretty inside but the buffet is spread out all along the wall of the room that it made going back for stuff a long walk. (I'm not lazy, I was traveling with older folk) Anyway, the food seemed like it had been sitting out for awhile and nothing was that spectacular. It all tasted like typical buffet food. I had no idea why they gave us these rubber pot holders as nothing I got was hot. The tortillas weren't made fresh and I was looking to having the meat carved from the spit. Nope. I tried the fresh watermelon juice, yuck. The best thing was the fresh dessert crepes.  Our plate waiter was kind of rude too. Save your money, skip the buffet,  and just go to a restaurant.
2	Why do pay an extra 15$ to be seated in a timely fashion?  The food was good but not worth the hype as usual in Vegas. I don't care about desserts I want  seafood the crab was good not great.
4	Before eating here, I would have to say that Bellagio's buffet is the best on the Strip.  After eating here, I am not sure anymore.  I was lucky and the line was short for dinner.  It's a lot bigger than I thought it would be.  There so many selections that I am not sure where to start.  In one corner there's an Asian buffet.  It's deep inside another room so you have to go and look for it.  On the outside, there's variety of Mexican, Italian, and American.  I pretty much tried a little bit of everything, especially the seafood. They are all great.The service was great and all the staffs are extra friendly.  If you can go to one buffet during your Vegas visit, try this one or Bellagio's.  You can't go wrong with either one.
4	So.... Went to Vegas this past October and had a bad flight experience getting there and my wife heard about this place having some sort of $17 million buffet and I was already feeling down, so what better way to drown your sorrows but by stuffing your face!!! We paid about $40 per person and the line was extensive, but surely worth the wait. You pay first and you can also tip first too, I tipped first because I felt like it would bring better service since they stamp "Tipped" on your ticket. Then you go into the restuarant and just like everything else in Vegas this place is huge,sparkling,flashy, and raises the bar. Now they have just about, no wait, they do have EVERYTHING you could think about eating here! Any and all ethnic groups are represented in this place and the wait staff stays up with you making you feel like you are a Vegas baller! This will be a definite stop when we are in LV, for sure!!
4	Best buffet in Vegas?  Probably.  It's either here or Wicked Spoon.  Most expensive buffet?  Probably.  We paid $50 for Sunday lunch on Memorial day weekend.  With the 18% gratuity and tax, it came to $63.  That's one expensive ass buffet.Longest wait for a buffet?  YES.  We came here for Christmas and it was a 4 hour wait.  When we came back for Memorial day, it was about a 1.5 hour wait before being seated.So for an expensive buffet, what's good?  The quality of the food was high.  Everything I had from the sushi, fried clam strips, crab legs, shrimp cocktail were all fresh.  They have lots of smaller plates to give you a good sampling and variety of items.  The servers were very friendly and quick to clean out any dirty plates.  They have a made to order ramen/pho/udon area.But you know what really bothered me about the buffet?  There was line at each station to get food.  At the carving station, the line was ridiculous.  10-15 minutes to get food.  For some reason it bothered the hell out of me and I just kept going to less popular stations because of it.  The station line and cost knocked it down a star for me.Tip: If you have a total rewards player card, you save a dollar on your buffet.  And if you're platinum level or above, there's a separate line for you so it's a short wait.  If you're like me, you're going to wait a long time and be a lot more broke.  So eat up.
3	I chose to go here solely based on the way the food was described on the hotel pamphlet and Yelp reviews. It probably would have been a worthy meal  if it had just been the cost of the unlimited wristband ($25) plus $15 but this was solely for breakfast ALONE. Dinner prices were the unlimited wristbands ($25) and an additional $25. FLIP WHAT? That's right we paid $50/person to eat here. I was contemplating going somewhere else but after an almost hour wait and reservations at Insert Coins, I already had to push back once, I said forget it. Now if you're not going to eat seafood or high end meat, save your money and go somewhere else.I ate 3.5 plates of crab legs, ceviche shooters, shrimp cocktails, mussels and oysters. The other half a plate was pickings from here and there. The one random pick that that I ended up really loving was spicy fish. The fish tasted like it had been marinated in a in seasoning that had a quick but low kick of heat and a splash of salt at the end. I was sad I didn't find it until my last plate but something tells me it wasn't the best thing for you. I was so full I didn't really get to try much of the dessert. I had a creme brulee which was fabulous. It was caramelized to perfection on top while being thick and rich in the center. I also grabbed a couple of cookies for the road which were nice to snack on late in the evening after drinking. I would save this buffet for special occasions. I don't know if would ever come back to eat just for the heck of it.  The wait alone had me ticked off and starving.
5	The Wicked Spoon was my favorite but now it's Bacchanal! My husband, along with our two daughters dined here for lunch on my youngest daughter's Sweet 16 on May 19th. The wait was a little long...about 20 minutes and I was getting agitated that whenever the Elite folks walked up, they were seated ahead of us. But in the end, it was definitely worth the wait.Everything was fresh. There was so much to choose from which made it really difficult to decide what to eat. I made sure I chewed slowly and sampled small portions of just about everything. Everyone at my table was stuffed but I was still nibbling on yumminess I shall never forget. It is pricey though, so we'll save this spot for very special occasions. $177 and change is nothing to play with so bring your fat wallet, be ready to tip your very capable waiter or waitress and get your grub on!I really need to get that Diamond Elite status card. Can someone hook me up!
5	Damn Gina!!!!  I don't do buffets that much, nor do I do Vegas that much, but I will do BOTH again, if just for this place.Our early-ass flight landed at 7:30am, so we headed straight for Ceasar's to be there when this place opened at 8am.  There was already a line (at 7:45 in the morning on a saturday in vegas! and people didn't look as if they had just stumbled in from the club) so you know it's good.We slow-walked in to get a good look at all the offerings and my mouth is watering now just thinking of them.... We finally got our larger group to sit all together (18% automatic gratuity for parties over 8) and proceeded to HOG OUT. Some highlights: mini stacks of red-velvet pancakes, soup dumplings and shiu mai, fresh squeezed juices (we were partial to watermelon which we added to our bottomless - and included!!! - mimosas. melo-mosas, if you will), tiny fryer baskets of sweet potato tots, mini fried chicken and waffles, lots of interesting sausage and bacon, individual cuts of croque madame and monsieur, corned beef hash with quail egg!!!, and unbelievable eggs benedict served like 80 ways - one on top of a crab cake!  Also they had your standard seafood, pizza, omelette station, lots of bread and pastries (waste of valuable stomach space), and unlimited drinks.But then, oh, but then.... The dessert bar. So much scrumptiousness.  At least 15 kinds of gelato, cakes, pies, cupcakes, even sugar free cheesecake!  And barrels of jelly bellys!We stayed for three glorious hours.WORTH IT.
4	I'm not the biggest fan of buffets but my mom raved about this place after she came back from her Christmas trip so when I headed down to Vegas in March, I had to see how good this place really was for $50/person and the three hour wait. My boyfriend and I got to Bacchanal around 5 and saw that the line was already wrapped around a couple times. A few people ahead of us said that they hadn't moved since they had got there an hour and a half ago so we decided to just pay the $15/person and skip to the express line. We still had to wait about 30 mins which was sort of ridiculous since we paid close to $200 for two people. The buffet is new so the decor and ambiance was nice. The way the stations for food were set up was also great. The seafood area had the longest line but you could see that the food was fresh. They chucked oysters in front of you and constantly replaced the crab legs. There is also an American section, Mexican section, Italian section and a Chinese section way in the back.Their dessert area was the best! Lots of gelato flavors to choose from, wide selection of cakes, cookies, and even ice cream mochi. The secret though is to get their made-to-order souffles.
4	Solid 4 star buffet. My friends and I were in Vegas for a our friend's going away celebration. We do Vegas every summer so I guess you can say this was our kick off to summer event as well. We were walking around the Shops at the Forum when we got hungry. Totally came here by accident. Didn't even know CP had a buffet. This place must be fairly new. Boy are we glad we came here for lunch!Highlights- Fresh Juices: cucumber, orange, melon just to name a few. All pressed through the juicer.- Nice set up for the foods. Variety of foods from countries such as Asia, Mexico and the US. Just how most buffets are set up- Little Fry Baskets: they had little fry baskets filled with finger foods such as: buffalo wings, sweet potato fries and even chicken and waffles!- Desserts. Everything from cookies, cakes, pies, gelato and even those fancy macaroon things! Servers were pretty friendly. Price was around 40+ including tip but that's expected when you go to Vegas. I would actually say this is one of the top 3 buffets in Vegas on my list.
3	I'd been looking forward to visiting the Bacchanal Buffet once I'd heard about it.  My mom really enjoyed the Wicked Spoon buffet (WSB) and when I told her that lots of reviews stated that this one was WAY better than the WSB, she was down to visit Caesars to check it out.Ended up going to lunch on a Wednesday afternoon around 1:00.  There was no line, but I did notice how the queue went around like crazy.  I couldn't imagine waiting in a line that long.We paid ($34.99 p/p) and were sat down immediately.  We were seated somewhat far from the buffet since some of the closer tables weren't cleaned up yet.  My seat was next to this standing lamp fixture, so every time I wanted to leave or get back to my seat, I had to squeeze in next to the fixture.Our server, Jung, was really nice and always prompt at taking our empty plates away and filling our water glasses.  The buffet line was huge!  There were all types of items up for grabs, including Chinese, Japanese, Italian, Mexican, and seafood.  The dessert spread was immense as well!I liked that they had fresh-squeezed fruit/vegetable juices up in the front and I was happy with my tropical juice combination.  Mom was adventurous and tried the cucumber juice.  Another item that stood out was the gelato from the dessert bar.  There were a lot of choices, but I ended up with the coconut one.  I could have eaten a whole cup worth of that gelato.  As far as any other memorable items, nothing else really stood out to me.  I guess if I went for dinner, then my opinion may have been different.  I'd be willing to go again when I return to Vegas to see if anything's changed.
5	yum yum yum yum YUMMM! Need I say more?! Thank you Caesars for opening this!Dinner price: roughly 67 dollars after tax and not including tipYes the wait is long, plan to at least stand in line for a good hour to hour and a half. Staff is really friendly, professional, nice, and sometimes you may bump into this really funny guy who works the roasted meat cutting section. Their seafood! my seafood lovers come here! They have giant shrimps that makes all other buffets shrimp cocktail look like little wimpy shrimps. They offer fresh crab legs already cut in half for you as well as steamed cut ones too. Oysters! Mussels! Occasionally clams! Ceviche! Huge moist scallops! Lobster stuffed bite sized rolls and so much more! Their meats are really juicy, smoked, and tender too. I'm not a huge red meat fan but it is definitely amazing! I tried a bit of their lamb chops, roast beef, and tri-tip if i remember correctly, and it was all really good. occasionally on the salty side so I didn't eat too much. But my meat loving friends were drooling over their plates lets just say that haha. They have your usual chinese food section which I didn't touch along with their mexican food and italian foods. They have your usual italian meats and cheeses as well. The salad bar is really nice with a lot of side items for you to make anything you want. I loved how they had starfruit the last time I went, I took them all at one point haha, so yummy! They also have ramen and pho.Other random things I ate that I can remember: sushi was mediocre but fresher the past two times I went. Seaweed salad yum, roasted duck yummy, fruits like watermelon, pineapple, greek salads, yum yum, shu mai, pork buns, egg rolls, spring rolls, shrimp dumpling, some other dumpling, they had this really good traditional asian chicken soup I forget what it was called but it was good! Oh and the sliders are yummy too, juicy juicy!The deserts! Oh my favorite part of my meal that I wanted to eat first but refrained. huge selection of icecream gelato compared to other places. Get the watermelon mint one for something refreshing! That one is my favorite! Next is the blood orange flavored. Wish the thai tea was more distinct in flavor. All the other coffee, caramel, toffee, and etc flavors were good too :) Watermelon mint is simply the most refreshing for me after a massive ginormous meal! Macrons! Bread puddings! gummy bears! They won me over just that much more with the big jar of gummy bears to let us help ourselves, my inner fat me in heaven! different brulees, tarts, cheese cakes, cotton candy, cookies, puddings, flan, and custom crepes!!This place is great or their: seafood, meats, and deserts! Definitely worth a try! Oh yea and large party tip: for groups of 8 or more you will be charged gratuity automatically so I would suggest splitting up into two groups and just suck it up and sit separately so you can get seated faster. Been waiting in long for so long already all you want to do is grub!!
3	So upon conferring with the wifey it appears as though I got my figures turned around as to the cost of the buffet. The buffet, if you DO NOT have a 24 hour wrist band, is $50/person. If you have the 24 hour wristband, which runs a penny shy of $50/person, the Bacchanal buffet is an additional $25 for dinner. So we technically paid $75/person to eat here but part of those funds paid for our breakfast the other two mornings. Still not worth it in my humble opinion.
5	OH MY GOSH. Bacchanal is so delicious.If you're going to go on a Vegas buffet binge, don't start here or else you'll just be disappointed by all the others. The buffet is massive. MASSIVE. And pretty much everything I ate was delicious. I wasn't a fan of the truffle scalloped potatoes since the truffle oil was a little overwhelming. The korean short ribs were delicious. You can make your own crepes. The vanilla fleur de sel gelato was yummy. I could keep going on and on and on about everything I ate, but the rule that we followed for Bacchanal was, "Eat until you can't eat any longer. Then take a breath, and do it again."We didn't eat again for the rest of the night. #winning
3	I felt like this buffet was mediocre at best. The chinese section isnt even worth mentioning. I think I'd rather eat panda express. Seriously. The meat selections were so dry and reminiscentof other typical buffets. The Desert section is decent. The best part of this buffet is the King Crab Legs and the shrimp. But if you think about it, It is pretty hard to screw that up considering they just buy it in bulk and freeze em. For the same price and less wait time, you would have a better experience at the M buffet.
5	Let me start by saying I do not like buffets- vats of food sitting under a heat lamp that is picked at by 100's of guests inst my idea of good food. However, this place changed my mind on buffets, there is a reason its the best buffet in town. The options seem to be endless, from Mexican to sushi to made to order pasta to crab legs and oyster shooters this place is unreal. The decor is fabulous, very trendy and you don't feel like your in a dimly lit smoky casino. There is a lot of natural lighting and views of the pool from inside. There wasn't anything I tried that was sub-par, everything was fantastic. Highly recommend checking this place out- it will change your mind on buffets.
4	This is by far the best $50 I've ever spent on a buffet in Vegas. The selection of food, desserts, and unlimited mimosas make me want to come back to Vegas just for this place. Here are a number of things I thoroughly enjoyed during my three hour stay:1) King Crab Legs - you can get them steamed, just ask the chef. Additionally the seafood bar comes with a number of sauces you can dip this in2) Mussels, Clams, and unlimited oysters (dinner time) - can't go wrong with anything in the seafood section3) Sushi - great quality and selection is different from what other buffets serve4) Manchego cheese - delicious!5) Mochi ice cream - served during dinner time, multiple flavors and can't go wrong! Taste is similar to what I've had a numerous Japanese restaurants...Ok so I honestly cannot remember what else was good but you cannot go wrong with this place! I'll be back at the end of the month :)Additionally, they automatically charge gratuity if you're planning to sit 8 people or more together, I suggest splitting your group up into 4 maximum people to get seated faster.On a last note, why 4 stars since I raved about it so much? Because my only complaint is the servers. They took forever to get our drinks and our table had to ask multiple times..but it's only because they seemed understaffed that day.
4	Amazing selection of food and great atmosphere.  Largest buffet I've ver seen.  The dessert part was my favorite.  Huge selection of sweet goodies.  Gave it four stars instead of I've or 2 reasons.  #1 - Cost, $46 per person.  Seems a tad steep to me.  #2 - some of the food was crap.  Slider buns were hard and the boiled shrimp was dry and horrible.
5	Delicious! It is among the more expensive but definitely worth it. Great selection, knowledgeable, friendly staff. Food was fresh and hot even at an off-peak time. Worth it!
4	This past weekend was my second time trying Bacchanal, and this time I felt that it was even better for lunch than it was for dinner my first time around.First off, this buffet is not cheap. Be prepared to drop $40 (with Total Rewards card) just for lunch, and upwards of $50 for dinner.My friends and I lined up around 11:35 AM and there was only a short wait of about 10 minutes. It was not long before we sat down and were approached by a server for drinks. During Brunch they also serve unlimited mimosas (kind of strong per my friends btw so you may need to dilute it with their tropical/orange juice offerings) If you don't want to pay the dinner price, get yourself in line well before 2:30 PM.The choices at Bacchanal outdo any other buffet out in Vegas, which includes Wynn, Bellagio, Wicked Spoon, and M. Items do not sit around long before being replaced with freshly made food.I can't eat seafood, but they offer mounds of shell-less large shrimp, mussels, and King Crab legs (steamed on request)Their carving station includes slow roast prime rib, smoked brisket, various sausages, honey ham, bacon, and sometimes tomahawk ribeye (though this last option might only be for dinner). This is the most popular station in the Buffet so be prepared to wait some time as there is only one (albeit very friendly) staff member doing the carving.Dessert was probably the most disappointing to me. M buffet had a better selection of gelato and sugary offerings, and the creme brulee here is nothing short of disappointing. Sad really. This buffet could easily be 5-stars if their dessert got some work.That being said, they do have a tasty Strawberry Sorbet and my friends have mentioned the Pistachio was delicious as well.I can't comment on the salad/Mexican/Italian/cheese stations as I don't care for those but the Asian section actually has roast Chinese duck!!! I probably ate a good 2 pounds of this on top of what I already ate. It tastes almost as good, if not the same as the stuff you get from Sam Woo BBQ so this is a major plus in my book.Other things I really liked: sliders, corn on the cob, sweet-potato tater tots (it's like candy!), chicken-mango sausage, prime ribI was very pleasantly surprised by my second visit here and so were my friends. I will definitely take my parents here the next time I am in Vegas (which shouldn't be too long).
4	Get smaller portions and share with friends so you can try everything. Cake pops are the best.
2	This place is over-rated.I won't go into too much details but will pin point some areas that can be improved. 1) King Crab legs - they looked like they are Mal-nutrition and they are kinda dirty. 2) Small individual dishes - Yes they do look cute and all, but the problem is since the food are placed on individual dishes, it's hard to keep them warm. Most dished that I've tried are cold. 3) A lot of the dishes are on the salty side.4) Service is pretty slow, we waited about 15mins to order our drinks.5) Salt and Pepper shakers (on the table). I've never seen a pepper shaker with holes smaller then the peppers inside. The only thing we're impressed of is the desserts bar. A lot of varieties and they all look and taste good. For $44.99 on a weekday dinner, there are better buffets out there. I rather go to the Seafood buffet at Rio.
4	Baachanal buffet, suppose to be the best or #1 in vegas, hum ma nay...The price- $52 a person+ tipsGood selection of food, from salads to cheese, pizza to pho and ramen, to prime ribs, dim sum, and of course seafood- shrimps, mussels, oysters, and king crab legs. Oh, and of course, there's plentiful of desserts. My favorite part of this buffet is the lamb shank, something about it, extremely delicious, not gammy. The seafood is alright, there's some good string beans, calamari, sushi and even poke! The spicy sausage is alright, but the freshly made street style tacos are quite amazing. Another must if you're visiting is the freshly made crepe! You technicly do it yourself, add toppings and flavors and fruits, they just give you the wrap itself. Get the caramel bananas, add lots of nutella and some whip cream, you're good to go. They have butter caramel gelato, yummy...the pork ribs are pretty good too, plenty of fat though, the prime rib, well the lady behind the counter gave us a small slice that's fully cooked, very disappointing as someone in front of us got a very nice piece. Overall for 52$, it's just ok, good to try once but people tend to over consume at buffet, which doesnt sit well. Maybe it's best to go for a lower cost if you can.
4	Wow, this was decadent. Everything was delicious. Great variety (pho! are you kidding me!?!?!). And although it may seem pricey, for Vegas (and for the quality) it's actually a great deal.
2	Not worth the wait. The regular line takes about 5 hours after asking the people who were near the front of the line. There is an a express line which took 1 hour but at a cost of an additional $20 per person. So the total per person comes out to  $77 not including tax.  I took the express line to save time but after being seated there are more lines just to get food - ridiculous. Most of the food was just okay and are mostly available at other buffets like the Rio, ie snow crab legs, salmon, shrimp, sushi, etc. However, they did have a tomahawk ribeye steak that was excellent. Obviously they won't give you the whole steak.
5	Give you large amounts of prime rib and brisket.Fresh squeezed juice: tropical, orange, melon, etc.Buffet with waiter service.Noodle station with pho and tonkatsu ramen.Sushi, dim sum station, italian food station, mexican food.Lots of unique ice cream flavors.Creme Brulee was not good consistency. The top was nicely torched, but the bottom was liquid rather than a creamy creme brulee consistency.3pm is when lunch ends and dinner begins.
4	I visited Bacchanal over Memorial weekend and found the lines to get food were quite long. This was a good buffet, among the best in Las Vegas, such as the Wynn and Wicked Spoon. The decor was cute. After reading such great reviews, I expected a lot more. It didn't blow my socks off, but I thought it wasn't bad. One thing I definitely crave from here are the glazed sweet potato tots.
3	In the past, when we wanted a good seafood buffet, we used to head to the Flamingo for their Friday night seafood buffet.  The price wasn't bad and the seafood, although not great, was better than you could find at the other buffets in town.  Unfortunately, the price went up and the quality of the food went down.  We checked out a other places, but few had a decent selection of seafood.We heard some good reports of the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars and decided to check it out.  Once we navigated our way through the casino to find the buffet we were greeted by a long line waiting to get in.  Although there were probably at least 100 people in front of us, the line moved rather quickly and we didn't wait that long.  The price was about $45, but you can spend another $15 to move to the head of the line.  Once in and seated you see the size of the serving areas--at least twice as large as any of the others we've been to.  They claim to have over 500 items on the menu.  We didn't stop to count them all, but that number probably includes all the sauces and different flavors of gelato.  We tried sampling as many of the different dishes that we could.  Here's a quick overview of the different stations:* Seafood - this is what we came for.  Lots of choices including the standard shrimp and crab legs.* American Comfort - really good sweet potato tots.  The onion rings were ok, but nothing great.* Italian - Some good pasta and pizza choices here.  Didn't eat a lot since I tend to overstuff myself when eating pasta.  * Deli - lots of choices although some are the standard Tillamook cheeses I can pick up at Smith's.* Salad - large selection of greens and toppings.  Also a good selection of fruits and prepared salads.  Although we like salads, we tend to avoid them at buffets since they fill you up and don't leave room for the other items.* Carving - lots of choices, but the good stuff goes quick and you have to go back multiple times to see what's available.  Unfortunately, this was the worst station in the buffet.  Most of the meats were served cold and the ones that weren't were dried out.* Mexican - didn't try since neither of us is a fan of TexMex.* Sushi - tried a couple of the items (the tuna and salmon sashimi).  Ok, but not really our style.* Oriental section - My favorite station.  Everything I tried here was fantastic.  Hit this station multiple times.* Dessert - this is probably where most of their 500 items are.  Lots of cakes, pies, gelatos and other desserts to choose from if you have room left after eating everything else.  I had the red velvet cake (dry) and the bread pudding (better at Golden Corral).Here are some of the high/lowlights of some of the individual items that we sampled:* King crab legs - the ones on display are cold and you'll probably find a few that are still frozen.  Not much fun biting into a crabcicle.  They will cook them for you and we'd recommend that if you like your crab warm.* Shrimp--wow, they're already peeled.  They are on the large/jumbo size so they can have a mealy texture at times.* Clam buckets - not bad, but most of my clam shells were missing their clams.  Had to get multiple buckets to get all the clams I wanted.* Steamed Mussels - Ok, but after they're cooked they put them on ice.  They're just not as good that way as freshly steamed dipped in butter.* Oyster shooters - best to avoid.  Something just doesn't smell right with them and some folks have complained about being sick after trying one.* Oysters - they're west coast oysters, so there not as good as we could get in DC. They weren't bad, but we wouldn't recommend them unless you really have a craving for oysters.* Crab cakes/croquettes - very good* Wagyu sliders - delicious, although try to grab them when they're first put out; otherwise the rolls tend to dry out.* Prime Rib - sorry, I prefer my cooked meat warm, not cold.  That may have had something to with the texture of the meat.  Had better at The Feast at Santa Fe Station.* Lamb chops - delicious.  I probably ate more of these than anything else.* Chinese ribs - ok, but not that tender.  The meat should almost fall off the bone if they're done right.* Har Gow - a Chinese shrimp dumpling served in dim sum.  Never had one of these before and they were fantastic.  I'm not sure how many times I went back for more, but I grabbed some every time I visited the station.Overall, it wasn't bad, but it really wasn't great either.  There's a large selection of items to choose from so no one should go hungry.  Is it worth $50 per person?  I didn't think it was that night.  Maybe they just had an off night on the carving station.  The meats looked good, but just weren't cooked right--this was what knocked the rating down to 3 stars.  We'll probably try it again, because even if you avoid the carving station, there are still plenty of other things to choose from.
5	The best most authentic buffet I have ever eaten at. Period.
5	Good golly, I love writing positive review updates. My first experience at Bacchanal last winter was pretty lackluster. The breakfast items were nearly cold, there was no spoon in the rice cooker, and I just didn't dig it.I went back tonight for dinner and--Holy Macaroni!--it was a huge improvement. NOW I understand what the raves are about. Bacchanal may even bump Wynn's Buffet from my #1 spot. Maybe.Some specifics:The first thing I noticed was that the piles and piles of shelled shrimp were beautifully sized and looked freshly cooked. If there's one disgusting thing I see again and again at buffets, it's limp, flavorless, pasty, waterlogged shrimp sitting on half-melted ice. Not here. Not today. Bacchanal's shrimps were absolutely perfect. The carving station was literally STACKED with piles of various meats ready to be served. Piles of freshly-smoked chicken. House made sausages. A huge roast beef. Now, get this: As I eyed the prime rib, I asked the carver if he had an end cut available. Lawd have mercy, do I loves the end cuts! He looked at the piece he was working on and said, "not on this one. Somebody got to them already." Then, without missing a beat, he put his fork in one of the other 5 prime ribs at the station and cut off a beautiful end piece just for me. Now THAT'S five star service, my friends.Delicious barbacoa at the Mexican station. Tasty Kung Pao chicken in the Asian area.But.There.Is.One.Thing.Once again tonight, there was no spoon in the rice cooker!  Just like on my initial visit. I couldn't believe it. So, again, I drafted a nearby soup spoon for serving purposes. Crazy.Do yourself a favor. Hit up Bacchanal. And consider going during off-peak times. Maybe 3pm to 4:30pm for dinner. There's no line, the dining room is not cramped, and you can get around the serving areas with ease.  Oh, please remember, Bacchanal is BYORCS (Bring Your Own Rice Cooker Spoon).
4	I finallyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy got to try Bacchanal's dinner and it was amazing! But please consider that I got in Bacchanal at 2:50 pm (10 minutes before dinner time!) so I got in for the price of lunch and ate dinner menus. :DAlso, there was hardly any line to get in to Bacchanal because it was Tuesday afternoon after MDW (everyone left by Monday!) and there weren't many people left in Vegas. If there is no line outside, there's going to be hardly any line inside too when you're waiting to get your grub on those steamed king crab legs, oysters, prime rib, and moar. Literally there were only like 6 people in front of me everytime I wanted to grab some seafood so the wait time was extremely short! Short wait time = happy lisa!Anyway let's get down to the nitty gritty details. Unlike brunch menu, dinner had a lot more to offer but I mainly focused on their seafood items. The steamed king crab legs were great--I can taste the sweetness of the crab and the crab meat was so meaty yet moist. I ate a whole plate full of crab legs to myself! Their oysters are probably one of the best I've eaten at a buffet. Totally beats M Hotel's Studio B buffet oysters that are greyish-black and.. questionable. I also tried their seafood paella which was just good--never had real paella so can't be the judge of it. The steamed shrimp thing was okay, would much rather eat the crabs and oysters.I also tried pasta which was super good and had some creme brulee for dessert. I overly stuffed myself with seafood so couldn't venture to try out more of their menu but will save it for next time!Warning: I wouldn't have enjoyed their buffet as much if I had to wait in line for 3 hrs to get in and also wait in line everytime I wanted to grab a plate of food. I think Bacchanal is only noteworthy when you can go during the weekday or slow days!
3	This is a hard one to write.  The food was uneven in quality. Service was great, but it is ultimately  not worth the price.  Over $100.00 for dinner including tax and tip.  We went at 5:30 on a Monday and there was no line. The good: prime rib, dim sum, truffle potatoes, shrimp, which were huge, although you occasionally got a frozen-ish one and the watermelon and feta salad. The bad: ribs, hot and sour soup, some deserts, sushi. The OK, but I was expecting better: Alaskan crab legs, a bit watery and not very flavorful.
5	Great buffett restaurant. Remember to diet before you come here!The buffett spread is amazing. The price/person is reasonable.Be sure to arrive early, the line gets pretty long. Regardless of time.The service is quite slow; so this is the only thing needs to be improved.The restaurant is very clean and well-decorated.I enjoyed my experience here.
5	My all time-favorite buffet of LAS VEGAS. Bacchanal...yes bacch - ANAL...named formerly from the God of Wine and Festivities/Intoxication...BACCHUS!Anywho...this buffet is a MUST GET for me. I WILL NOT LEAVE VEGAS WITHOUT DINING HERE! YEs its that GUUD! In fact...I would even be willing to skip out on a night of clubbing to dine here! Yep thats right...I would rather get a table at BACCHANAL vs. XS, MARQUEE, SURRENDER, etc...Heres a lil 411 on this buffet. Caesars Palace placed $15 MILLION into this buffet. Let me say this again...they put $15 FREAKING MILLION! With over 25,000 square feet and over 500 items to choose from...yah this place is going to be guud. Lets go on an adventure inside...What makes this place so guud? Here are my reasons and some things; errrr I mean many things that stand out to me:-most buffets are either known for their quantity (but with high quantity comes low quality) or quality (with high quality...comes with low quantity). This place has the right balance of both but to an even greater extent. In my world and my eyes...BACCHANAL has the MOST QUANTITY WITH THE HIGHEST QUALITY!-No joke...this buffet line is LONG!-the orange juice here...next to the seafood section...this is seriously the best tasting orange juice that Ive ever had. If there was a GUINNESS BOOK WORLD RECORDS ON BEST TASTING ORANGE JUICE...this place would have to be it-I usually judge a buffet by its prime rib, pasta, fried chicken, and pizza. Yes the prime rib is so tender and juicy. Yes the pasta is al dente to the correct italian taste w/o any liquidy runny pasta sauce. The fried chicken is crisp and juicy...just how its suppose to be. And the pizza...finally...crust with a crunch...and toppings that dont slide off as your about to bite into it. WIN!-they have a noodle bar! Big plus for me...I love noodles...especially as a hangover meal. The selection they have are: PHO, UDON, RAMEN-I love HOT AND SOUR SOUP...any buffet with this soup is a win! and this place has it! Obviously Im a huge noodle fan...my lil secret is to get noodles from the asian noodle bar...and add hot and sour soup to it. One of my favorite Taiwanese/Chinese soup and noodle dishes.-the BBQ and MEAT section....drool for days that I could make a puddle. The BRISKET...errr maiii godd. So guud. They also have a variety of sausages...from turkey to spiced to artisan, etc... FAT SLABS OF BACON...yes thats right!! and others as well too-a TACO BAR? cant be that great right? WRONG! with their homemade salsas and avocado sauce...the tacos are quite yummy to be honest.-etc...As you can see...and from the ratings and blogs from all over the net...BACCHANAL...is the number 1 buffet in Vegas...and definitely top 3 if not. It is a must go for everyone...and obviously me of course. Put this way...when I come to vegas...its not that Im excited to gamble...its not that Im excited to night club...its not that Im excited to day party (well sometimes I am)...IM EXCITED TO EAT AT BUFFETS...specifically this one!VERY VERY WELL RECOMMENDED...this is a MUST GO!UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
4	Yikes the price was $45 per person today on Saturday. So expectations were high. The selection is quite large and amazing. I was very impressed.However, the prime rib was a bit over cooked and tasted more like roast beef than prime rib.The truffle potatoes au gratin were pretty good.Nothing really stood out and wowed me. But solid food. I did like it more than the Wynn Buffet.
1	This review is based mostly on the price vs other Vegas buffets.  Bacchanal charges a lot more than any of the other buffets in Vegas.  I went for a weekday lunch and the price was $33, ouch!!  This is compared to $25 at the Wynn.  I really like the Wynn a lot, so I was expecting a lot more at this place.  Unfortunately, nothing excited me at this buffet.  Maybe it was just a bad day for them, but pretty much everything was underwhelming that day.  A lot of the food did not get refilled in a timely manner and a lot of the signs were not in front of the food, so you did not know what some things were.In terms of the food, I guess I got used to the Wynn, Wicked Spoon and the Bellagio.  Most of the food here was cheapie food, not that there is anything wrong with that, as I love cheapie food.  Its just when I go to one of these buffets, I expect to try high end dishes I do not usually eat on a regular basis.  They had street tacos, bbq meats, chinese food and noodles like pho, udon and ramen.  I would much rather get these types of foods in hole in the wall restaurants and they are much better at those places.  The food overall was ok, but if you are going to charge the highest price for a buffet on the strip, I think the food should be much better than just ok.
5	+Oyster shooters and crab legs!!!+Dessert is amazing.+So much variety, there's definitely something for everyone-Sugar-free desserts don't taste like anything-They don't warn you when you have to wait for things to cook....like the crab legs. So you just wait until they're ready for you again :\It's ~$30 for brunch during the weekdays and closer to $45 during weekends. $50 for dinner. BUT. If you stick around the seafood section, the amount of crab legs and oysters and oyster shooters you get makes the price TOTALLY worth it. The desserts are amazing. Definitely get a crepe and some of their mousse creations. The tiramisu is to die for! They even have dim sum as part of their buffet! Win!
3	Finally broke my Bacchanal Buffet virginity, and I'm sad to say that this place has been over hyped.. Or maybe I just had too high of a standard for this place because of everyone's reviews about it. My family and I went during dinner - around 3pm, so there was almost no wait time. Walking in, I thought this place was quite impressive. The decoration was beautiful. I've never seen a buffet decorated like this! We got seated, told the waiter our drink order, and left to get food. --- 1st serving: - Lo Mein noodles: Pretty yummy. Just the way I love my Asian noodles to taste like! Noodles weren't dry and it was pretty flavorful. - Salmon Nigiri: Can I just say.. YUM?! The salmon was nice and buttery. It tasted so good and fresh! But can I just say that the rice tasted TOO vinegary for my liking.- Kalbi ribs: Ehhh... Taste was yummy and very bbq-y BUT the meat was rubbery :( that killed it for me.- Edamame: Pretty good; wish it had a little bit more flavor to it though.- Penne alla vodka: HOLY YUM. I wish I got more of this, but I wanted to try bits and pieces of everything before I got insanely full. --- 2nd serving:- Oysters & crab legs: Mmm, my favorite seafood ever. So good! Though I wish the crab legs were a bit more meaty though. The ones at the Carnival buffet at Rio had more meat and were a bit more flavorful than the ones here.- Beer-battered shrimp: Not my favorite.. And I LOVE BEER. I was expecting these to taste like heaven but the shrimps were too overcooked so the meat stuck to the shell. I don't know about you, but I want to eat ALL of my shrimp meat.- Cocktail shrimp: I prefer the ones at the Carnival buffet better. Sure the shrimps here were ginormous but the flavor was not.- Corn on the cob: BEST CORN OF THE COB. HANDS DOWN. As for the dessert, THIS WAS MY FAVORITE PART! It was like every single item I got was a little part of heaven going into my mouth. So good! --- Service: I thought the service was poor :( They took forever to get the plates off of our table. Not to mention they also failed to refill our drinks. I don't know if I'm spoiled or what, but I like it when my server is pro-active. They see an empty glass, they refill it. Simple as that right? I don't have to sit in my chair for an extra 5-10 minutes just looking around and waiting for ANY server to pass by just so I can get a refill of my peach iced tea. I understand that they get busy, but don't neglect your guests in the process of that for 20 almost 30 minutes sometimes! Anyway, I would go back.. If I won the lottery. This place is WAY TOO overpriced. $200 for 4 people for Saturday dinner. Yeah. OVERPRICED. When I could go to Carnival buffet for HALF of that price AND eat amazing quality foodies!
5	Best buffet I had in Vegas. Hands down.The GREAT-Huge selection-Food tasted greatThe OK-PriceyNotice, there is no Bad.Only good things come from this place.Dessert, fresh squeezed juice, 18hr brisket, korean short rib, crab legs, oysters, need I say more?  I made the mistake of going to Bacchanal early on my trip in Vegas. It made every other buffet seem inferior.Service was good.  We had to pay the Memorial Day Weekend rate ($55pp), but it was well worth it.In the wise words of a college friend - when you come to this place you need to do the following1. Eat the good stuff2. Keep Eating3. Can you move? If yes, then keep getting food. If not, then stop and wait. Breathing exercises4. Eat whatever it took to get you stuffed all over again.5. Sleep.6. You won't be hungry for the rest of the day.This buffet is everything that is great about America and everything that's wrong with it too.Purely amazing. I'll be hitting up Bacchanal again next time I'm in Sin City.
4	This was pretty good for dinner.  The desserts were awesome especially the french macrons and ice cream mochi!  Prime rib, short ribs, fish and sooo on...really was a lot to pick from.  They have a suggested 2 hr limit so couldnt try everything.
3	Overpriced for slightly above average food. Very nice, clean and the food was fresh. I had to over stuff myself to feel like I got my moneys worth. There wasn't anything that I really hated or loved.
5	This location was a bit on the pricey side but also the only splurge-type place I ate on my most recent trip to Vegas.I won't lie. I got my first plate filled and went back for plate #2 without batting an eye. I wanted to try everything! I somehow even saved room for a massive amount of desserts including baklava ice cream!Our server, Michael, was wonderful.
4	Came here for dinner! The food was really good, and worth the splurge. It has a huge selection of food, with highlights from each station that I will always remember!I loved:- The oyster shooters and seafood gazpacho! They were super refreshing, especially coming in from the 100+ summer weather. - Lobster chowder- Lamb chop: At first I didn't see it at the carving station, because it was put behind the sausages, but once I found it, it quickly became my favorite meat! It was cooked to a medium rare, and super tender. Made the whole meal worth it!- Meatballs: They're in the pasta station. Nice and big, juicy and soft. Delicious! :)- Potatoes GratinThe only negative thing that I have to say is that I didn't think any of the desserts were spectacular, or very memorable. They have a huge selection, but most of it was too sweet or not light enough for a post-buffet meal. My favorite thing at the dessert station was definitely the Watermelon-mint sorbet, which was the most light and refreshing thing there! That being said, the food itself made the $55 worth it.
2	They are rude and unhelpful... Food tho good is very overpriced even for vegas def needs to be skipped
4	Giving it four stars because it truly is the best buffet in Vegas.  However, as far as the food goes, you can definitely get better at a nice regular restaurant for the same price.  It's just better quality food than other buffets.  The selection is not more widely varied at all.  I would say that the amount of choices offered are pretty comparable to the buffet at Bellagio.  We went early (4:30 p.m.) on a Thursday and there were only two tables ahead of us.  The service was so-so, and it took way too long to clear dirty plates which is not acceptable when they aren't even half full.  I noticed that it did get considerably busier as we were leaving.I would have to think about going back next time we're in Vegas.  For $50 plus cost of alcohol, it's one of the pricier buffets in Vegas for sure.
5	We tried Wicked Spoon and Bacchanal in two consecutive nights.  Both were excellent buffet choices in Vegas.  You can't go wrong with either one.  These are the gourmet buffet when comparing to the older buffet choices.  Lots of choices.  Portion are set in individual plates.  The chef or server is there to help you or freshly cook your serving.By the way, Bacchanal is definitely better than Wicked Spoon buffet.   We found that the Bacchanal has more variety and may taste a little better.  Service and settings were both excellent.
5	WOW!!!  Expensive for a buffet, but well worth the price.  Crab legs looked good,but as I prefer mine hot, I passed.  Apparently there are Italian and Chinese options available, but I got sidetracked by the prime rib and a GIANT FREAKING MEAT AXE!!  I love ribeye, and with the bone-in, it is delightful.  This giant steak had a good foot long rib bone to use as a handle.  Wonderfully rare and tender, I want one now, just writing about it.  The best part was my then unmarried wife and a female friend of ours also partaking of the giant whole ribeye, and watching several men in line hang their heads in shame.  I was so proud.  This is a must-visit venue.
4	Great variety and well worth the $50 dollars.I would say it's on par with Wicken Spoon.  It actually might be better due to their fresh oyster bar and hot/cold king crab/snow crab selection.I was impressed with their noodle section, serving both ramen and pho. Try to go therearound 3:30pm to avoid huge lines.Also, ask for the tables in the back, noticed how spacious it was compared to the other dining area.  Enjoy!
2	Over rated and over priced! Totally not worth any wait or the $$$$When it come to buffets... I am not a rookie; just FYISorry Bacchanal, I really want to LOVE you, and I am so sad that I did not fall for you.  The buffet is really pricey, even during brunch.  I am am spending about $110 for two, I expect the crab legs not to have ice all over and NOT looking dirty (Wynn The Buffet offer the best crab legs). The Asian food were weak. The sushi wasn't appetizing AT ALL and did not have many fish options; I had some and didn't care for it after two piece. The ramen soup was a waste of calories (I didn't finish the small bowl-- thank goodness).Their dessert bar absolutely did not impress me. In fact, I didn't even bother getting anything there--- and that NEVER happens for me. Their meat line was long and I am guessing this place is more for carnivores.  I didn't eat any meat because I hit buffets to eat seafood to get my money worth.  So I can't bash this place for their meat buffet.Vegas buffets are like politics.  Everyone has their own favorite and you can't change their minds.
5	A group of us had feasted here at the fabulous Bacchanal eight months ago and loved it, so of course only this biggest and arguably best Buffet in the world was good enough for the big reception party following the marriage of Mike C. to Jackie R. here in Vegas today!As expected, every bite from the huge selection of 500 items tasted terific today, of course also again it was all accompanied by stellar table service, and most importantly, a great time was had by all!Yes, there's a reason why even though this place seats nearly 600 at a time, there is a line outside waiting to get in.  This place is a LIFE EXPERIENCE!!     :-))Bacchanal Buffet Weekday Dinner:  $45.99 includes soft and/or bar drinks (or come a little before 11 AM & save about half).
5	Probably one of the highlights of my vegas trip. Came here for brunch with some friends (8 total). I would definitely recommend coming early, earlier the better, as this place can't get packed with long wait times. It's a little pricey but about average for vegas....definitely a MUST TRY though. I would label it as one of the better buffets in Vegas at this time. Prior to Bacchanal I was a fan of WIcked Spoon, but always great to have an alternative. For brunch it was $41/person plus 18% gratuity(additional $15/person) because of our large party. Bacchanal has a great space and lay out very spacious and airy. It overlooks the Cesar Palace swimming pool. They have a variety of stations which offer a selection of foods from: breakfast food, southern comfort, seafood bar, juice bar, mexican, italian, asian food, carving station. GREAT selection of food and each prepared in small portions served on individual plates/servings. During brunch they also offer bottemless mimosa (so drink up and make that $41 worth it) Aside from all the food they offer a great dessert bar with a wide variety to baked desserts, cakes, cookies, freshly made to order souffle's and a selection of gelato. Treat yourself and make sure to drop by Bacchanal you will not be disappointed. COME HUNGRY!!!!
4	I have mixed feelings. Was it expensive? Yeah, but what can you expect from a Vegas buffet. Was there a line? Yeah, so what. Was the food amazing? YES. I still have dreams about those crab legs (get them steamed, and they're already cut in half for you). The first time i had the rib-eye steak i was in heaven, perfectly cooked and juicy. The second time however it seemed like it was hardly cooked at all, i get that most people like medium rare but I'm more of a medium guy, so to each their own. The sushi was rather disappointing, not enough selection and not tasty. Overall I thought everything I tried was good, if maybe a little over hyped.
5	Best.Buffet.Ever..Everything that I ate here was good. Even the small shao long bao's were good, and they are never good at buffets! Even the gyoza's were good and those are never good at any place other than a true asian joint. Even the pho was good and that's sometimes not even good at pho places.The only thing that's wrong with Bacchanal? They serve Pepsi instead of Coke. Change that up and they will take over the world.
2	I really wanted to love this place...alas, no.I spent $50 for the 24 hour buffet pass knowing full well that I would have to pay $15 more at Bacchanal, according to what I read online and the cashier when we bought the ticket. When we arrived, we were told it was $15 more for breakfast, $20 more for lunch, and $25 more for dinner! I sure wish the cashier had told me this at the first buffet!But I was excited by all the pictures online and reviews, expecting gourmet little small bite deliciousness with each spoonful, so I paid my money and waited for my table. The place is lovely, but it turns out its all just regular buffet food in smaller plates. Nothing outrageously delicious. And my husband was sincerely disappointed...having seen previews on the hotel info channel in the hotel, he was expecting made to order, well prepared tacos, along with 1/2 cup portions of shrimp and grits in sweet little cast iron skillets...instead, tacos were slung at him with no fixins' and he received a tablespoon of grits with one little shrimp on them in a small condiment cup. And my fried chicken and sweet potato fries were greasy and soggy. Maybe 5 of the 25 items we tried were noteworthy. Severe Disappointment. Meats were overcooked, sushi didn't appear fresh and the crab, while served by someone at a steam pot, left much to be desired. Our waitress was pleasant, but buffet staff spoke little to no English and were rude, disconnected somehow from the patrons.One thing that was a plus was the dessert area. Better desserts than I've seen at the other buffets, but like everything else - it's the luck of the draw. Some items were either runny or flavorless, but the selection was great and the majority of items were good.Save your money - or if you really must try it, do it on the cheap. Get the weekday buffet pass, and go for breakfast during the changeover from breakfast to lunch. Not worth dinner pricing. The lunch at Paris buffet was better than dinner here. Good luck and happy buffet hunting!
4	Came here on a Tuesday night. Wait was less than an hour and got in pretty fast. The food this time wasn't as good as my first experience. The crabs were so small, the prime rib was extremely salty, and the sashimi was just ok.The good part was the cocktail shrimps, they were delicious. The dessert was also very good and our server was amazing. Other than that I hope this is just a one time blip and not something that I've noticed other buffets following the trend of bad quality.
5	This place BEATS all the buffets I've tried here in this sinful-gluttonous city of Las Vegas. Just freaking get your ass here and try their food. It's WORTH THE LONG HOUR + WAIT. Quality here is phenomenally amazing. Portions are just right for your meal. The food here is flavorful enough to tickle your taste buds. Great place to rage for hangover food after a night of drinking, double-fisting, and dancing. I'm definitely coming back here again and again every time I visit Vegas. Service is even excellent here. As for the decor, amazing! Their dessert buffet is to die for. From their succulent quality of their gelato to their scrumptious, thick and fatty caramelized flan. UGH. DROOL.
5	We went to the buffet for breakfast. The selection of foods was amazing. Everything was fresh and tasty, and the food was kept up to high standard even though it is a buffet. The presentation was awesome and good service in all stations.Although the price is pretty steep ($25/person), It is well worth it.Consider going a bit later (The breakfast is serves from 7am to 11 am) and make it a brunch :) You will definitely wont want lunch after!
4	Food-wise, this place is awesome and tops my fave buffet list, knocking Wicked Spoon out of the top spot.  I loved their Asian section and almost everything we had was delicious.  The peach lemonade also hit the spot, adding some more calories to the mix!Quick tips:- Sign up for a Total Rewards account and you get a $1 off the buffet price.- Go about an hour before the food prices switch from lunch to dinner.  You'll pay about $10 less and after a while, they'll start switching things over to dinner time menu!- Go in the Caesars Palace front lobby/check-in entrance to find this place.  If you try to find Bacchanal from the Forum Shops, you will walk for approximately a million miles and need to hire a sherpa to lead the way, since Caesars doesn't have any signage leading to it along the way!Food list, from what we could remember:Asian section: Young Chow fried rice, ma po tofu (no pork), lo mein with chicken, king pow chicken, soup dumplings, deep fried dumplings (gyoza), spring rolls, steamed BBQ pork buns, spicy fish, blackened chicken soup, miso soup, hot and sour soup, edamame, seaweed salad, marinated shrimp with cucumbers, spicy tuna roll, California roll, shrimp tempura roll, salmon and tuna sushi, made to order ramen, pho, or udon.Small salad bar (SKIP, duh)Italian section: Sliced salami and other meats and cheeses, variety of pizzas, garlic bread knots, meatballs, penne a la vodka, vegetable pasta, individual lasagna dishes.Mexican station: At least 10 types of salsas and guacamole, refried beans and chips, pulled chicken in salsa verde, made to order mini steak or pork tacos (pork taco not tasty), Mexican rice.4 kinds of soup including clam chowder, cream of mushroom.  Assorted breads and rolls.BBQ/American section: Coleslaw and other cold salads, corn on the cob, Mac and cheese, baked beans, 4 kinds of sausage, ribs, ham, brisket, corn dogs, waffle fries, mini sliders (no good), normal tater tots, sweet potato tater tots, truffle potatoes Au gratin, fried chicken and sweet potato fries.Seafood section: Shrimp and grits, mussels pot, clambake, shrimp cocktail, crab legs (split in half), ceviche (dinner only), oysters (dinner only).Desserts - gelato and sorbet, lots of cakes, warm chocolate cookie, molten lava cake, at dinner they added chocolate covered strawberries, mochi balls, gelato, macaroons, crepes with fillings bar, chocolate mousse lollipops and strawberry cheesecake lollipops.If you go at weekend brunch, the price includes unlimited mimosas.Complaints:- The price is like whoa, crazy.  I guess if this is your one meal for the day, it's reasonable.  I don't know if they can justify a $10+ premium on Wicked Spoon, although they have a wider selection.- FOODS ARE NOT LABELED.  There are some sections with a half-assed attempt, but most of the things just flat-out aren't even labeled.  For example, 4 types of soup - not a single label.  This is just stupid.- The layout/design of certain sections are also stupid.  The designer should be forced to go through the buffet and see what kind of contortionist positions are required for some of the serving areas, like the soup, which has a comically oversized ladle and a shelf right above the soup tureens, so there's no logical way to get soup easily without spilling half of it on the counter - fun!  All the sauces for the meats are at the front of the carving station, so you have to backtrack to put sauce on meats after you've gotten yours carved.  Same with a backwards setup on the seafood.  Hire someone with half a brain to re-arrange things!
2	I'm giving this place 2 stars because it is way overrated and not worth the $110 I paid yesterday for 2 people. It may be that it's over hyped and my expectations were too high but still the price is not at par for this. The food quality was a hair above regular buffet quality for some items but I think overall very comparable to say the Paris buffet when it comes to what is offered. On that note for the "500 or 600" different foods...Lie!!! They offer many different types of breads, pizzas, and things like corn dogs if this is what they mean by "500" I guess. (Which I'm sorry that is not what I went there for.)  As for decor and stuff, very plain, nothing compared to say the Wynn. Overall, I think most of these reviews come from people from out of town or something that don't have higher standards and are just amazed by "the lights." For everyone else that would rather enjoy their overall experience... take your time (the line sucked) and money (priced too high for what it is) to the local nice restaurant and actually walk out not regretting your decision.
4	I think the best buffet I've had in Vegas so far. Spendy, but worth it.
5	Took my Grandma here for her birthday, and blew the Bellagio buffet out of the water! All of us had been to the Bellagio last year and even though we still love that buffet, we all agreed this one wins. Great spread, and cheaper by $8. Plus they got realky creative with their presentation
5	Hands down the BEST buffet in Las Vegas. It does live up to its hype. I suggest if you're in town go to THIS buffet. I mean visiting Las Vegas, it is all about eating at buffets! The dessert section as always was my favorite!! They have all kinds of flavors of mochi ice creams and so far I have not seen any buffets serve mochi ice creams. The interior and the decor is beautiful and the seating from what I remember was very spacious, unlike other buffets besides the Studio-B buffet, the tables are so close to one another you will be able to hear strangers that are next to you chew on their foods. (annoying!) and of course the quality of the food is great. I think this is the biggest buffet I have ever been to.
1	I should ask for my money back, as the only thing that was great to eat was the pizza, which at $50 a head should be a little more than that.  Very disappointed.
5	Hands down.. Best Buffet EVER!!!!  Everything was on point!!  From the seafood, steaks, asian; and not to mention.. DESSERTS!!!  Better than Wicked Spoon, Wynn's Buffet and Bellagio's Buffet... This is a MUST GO!We went around 3pm and the wait was approximately 30 mins... Not too bad
4	tl;dr hot new buffet, ask for crab legs steamedIt seems like every year, there's a bigger and better buffet in town. This is the year of Bacchanal. Luckily, we arrived early enough on Saturday to avoid any sort of line. Almost two hours later, the line appeared to be a 45 minute wait. Brunch automatically includes mimosa, which I thought was strange. But since I paid for it, I suppose there's nothing wrong with drinking at 11am in the morning. This is Vegas afterall right?Other buffets I've been to repeat their food items, either for lack of creativieness or to avoid congestion. As our host lead our party to our table, I noticed that nothing ever repeated. The food options stretched beyond what I could see. I continued to eyeball where along the buffet I should start until we were abruptly welcomed by the gentleman at the carving station. How nice I thought to myself until he started with the Ni Hao. That was just weird.The wide array of food left me satisfied beyond stomach capacity. Instead of this being brunch, I treated it like a cheaper version of dinner. Though annoying at the time, the presentation (small amounts of food on dishes larger than they needed to be) helped me to avoid eating until barfing. Bathrooms are right outside the main entrance just in case.Tip: Ask for your crab legs steamed!
4	Come here on a weekday/during downtime: easily 4-5 stars. Come here during the weekend/rush: dips below 3 stars. Bacchanal was AMAZING when we first tried it on a Thursday morning. There was no line at the entrance. No wait at any of the stations. Top notch service from the servers. And an endless supply of edible tid-bits from nearly every culture. I seriously thought I died and went to heaven. This place had it all...fresh nigiri, authentic pho, Chinese blacken chicken soup that tastes homemade, fried chicken that was just so nom, phenomenal sweet potato tots and fries, even better parmesan tots, vanilla infused honey, more salami than I knew existed, quality fresh oysters...shall I go on or are you convinced that this place is heaven? Okay one more...their xiao long bao tastes legit, with soup inside and everything! They even have red vinegar for you to dip in! I just wish this place wasn't so popular during the weekends because it gets irritatingly packed and there is a friggin line for EVERYTHING! In summary, the food runs out, what's left looks old, food selection diminishes, food quality deteriorates, lines get in the way, people get in the way, stress everywhere! So if you want to truly enjoy a top notch buffet, please come here during off hours. If you want to have one of the most stressful eating experiences of your life with mediocre food, by all means, come and see the madness during peak hours.
5	Wow...it's extensive, and the selections are great.  The quality and quantity are far better than most Vegas buffets.  At over $50, it's pricey, but nothing in comparison to what you'd pay at many high-end Vegas restaurants.  I'd highly recommend it!
2	Way Overpriced and Way Overrated!$55.12 per person on a Sunday!Yeah.. it's a big buffet, but so not worth it unless you are a BIG meat and/or seafood eater!! Then MAYBE.. if you are really really hungry.I don't eat much seafood so I didn't even go to that area.The crappy fried food was good and served in individual baskets.The fresh made street tacos were average. The dessert station was horrible!!Didn't like any of the desserts.They sure look good but that's about it.Worst dessert buffet ever!!Service was horrible................. S L O W on everything!!I would pass on this buffet!!
3	Definitely not worth the price $55 or the wait time.I thought for sure, it would exceed Wicked Spoon but it just didn't.  They do offer  more food, but you definitely feel like you are in a mess hall - everyone just waiting to get some grub.  It was a bit ridiculous, waiting to get seated which can easily take over 1 hour, and then once you are inside, you are waiting in a long assembly line to get some food on your plate.Nothing stood out here at all, other than the jasmine chicken soup, which stayed piping hot.  Unfortunately, that was the only highlight for me.  Don't get me wrong, everything was good and there was plenty of variety, but I didn't feel like the price was justified.  I probably wouldn't choose to come here again.
5	5/5 for sure. Did a random turnaround trip my with friends and decided to hit Vegas for shopping, a big/good lunch, drinks and some games at night, then head home. This buffet was definitely one of our highlights of our 1 day trip.The Price:I usually talk about the "food" first, but I think the price should go first so my post attracts others. Go to the buffet on a weekday if you're looking for a cheaper price. Weekend lunch/dinner I believe is $50 and UP. We came on a Wed lunch at around 2:30pm and the price was $35 ($34 if you are a rewards member) per person. I was skeptical about the buffet because most buffets I've been too are generally cheap with cheap quality food, but my group came down her to try it out cuz we heard it was awesome so we went ahead and paid. TOTALLY worth it!The Food:Like I said earlier, I was skeptical about this place. Oh man this by far the best buffet ever. Just like any other buffet, they serve all kinds of food, but maybe more cultures. Best part is, their food is QUALITY food that you can taste. Like their prime rib was delicious. It was super tender and they give generous amounts and have a side sauce with it (not the bottled sauces like A1, actual steak sauce, maybe the marination sauce or w/e). Their Italian sausage was good, but I couldn't eat it, way too spicy (as how it should be). I got a little of everything. Hard to describe the food if I don't have pics. Best part is, they had freaking Dim Sum! I was like, NO WAY (well of course including regular Chinese dishes) but I picked up Sui Mai, tasted just as if I went to a Dim Sum restaurant. Not only that, but there was crab legs, sushi, oysters. I'm not a seafood fan but my friends that picked that stuff up said it was totally fresh. Everything was sooooo good! Sucks thought I wasn't as hungry as I usually was so I couldn't eat everything but I'd be willing to go the next day again if I could.Their desserts were AWESOME! They had what I thought was a candy bar, but the candies were there just for show; however, they had all kinds of desserts. Numerous ranging from some Italian chocolate that was epic, to chocolate cake, to tiramisu, and all the way to Mochi. Mochi?! YES THEY HAD IT! Again, it's hard to describe with pics and just naming may not sound enough, but trust, the food and desserts were QUALITY tasting food. Not boxed stuff from like Costco (I'm not saying those are bad, it's just generic tasting food).When a buffet or food joint offers "specialty" foods like mochi, tiramisu, dim sum, curly/sweat potato fries, crab legs, oysters, sushi, etc etc etc, IT HAS TO BE WORTH IT!The Aesthetics:It's Caesar's Palace, of course the place is gonna look spotless and high end, and it was no doubt about that. Very nice chandeliers, nice/clean seats, and just nice overall glass decorations and what not. Everything was presented in a professional and high end manner including the food. The Wait:The wait for us was only like 10 minutes most likely because we didn't come at peak hours (2:30pm) and we came on a Wednesday; however, I can definitely see how the wait is a turn off cuz the place is a buffet. People will be there a long time. But just to say it, I would wait 2 hours for this buffet. Because in those 2 hours, I would get more hungry and pig out even more and gain 20lbs and it would be worth it haha.The Others:There were lots of waiters (well not really waiters, just workers that brought in drinks) and I guess you call them bell boys/girls that always came promptly to pick up the plates which was great.  The atmosphere alone was just so relaxing. Being in Vegas, having high quality food at a nice hotel and just being away from it all just made this place and food taste so good.Anyways. Totally worth the price, I would even go here for $50 on the weekend. 5/5 stars on everything! This place is a MUST GO TO buffet every time you're in Vegas! Next time I go I wanna get a hotel at Caesars :)Edit-side note:I've been reading other posts saying that this place not being worth the price. Dudes an dudettes, this is Vegas. This is Caesar's Palace where all their indoor shops are ungodly expensive European or Asian brands. Tbh, one must be pretty naive to rate this place low because of the price. You're in the wrong hotel/casino or just the wrong city. Don't buy one of those  big azz street fruity drinks which is $35+ depending on your shots. Save that money go to this buffet. If you want cheap buffet, go to Hometown Buffet lolz, just say'in
5	This is seriously the best buffet I've ever been to in life!!!The wait is super long! But we were platinum so we got seated real quick! The dirty looks of the people waiting in line were a little scary!The food selection is EXCELLENT. Seriously the best selection I've ever seen! Corn dogs, Waffle fries, sweet potato fries, raw oysters, clam bakes, mochi ice cream, macaroons, SO MUCH STUFFFFFF. The items also come really classy! They have cute little tin buckets, and little steamers for their xiao long bao's. The only problem is that there are so many people, there are LINES to get certain food items. Our server was mediocre....but all the other workers were really nice and helpful!
4	All for the price of a little under $50:- Seafood station. Spent most of my time here because, well, why wouldn't you?- American station. Great tater tots and sliders.- Asian station. Not terrible, but nothing exciting. They do have kalbi (Korean short ribs), which is appreciated.- Italian station. Great pastas, decent pizzas!Wish they had more salad options as my stomach was not too happy the day that I went, but yes, I would go back. I'd go back in a heartbeat.
5	The wait might be a pain but this place is definitely worth it. Easily one of the best buffets I've been to on the strip. Huge selection of meat and seafood and everything tasted really fresh. I've been to most of the buffets on the strip and this one is easily my new favorite.
3	I'm not one of those negative people whose life sucks, so all I write are negative yelp reviews.This place is definitely a novelty concept compared to the other Vegas buffets, however, this is not a buffet that will not stand the test of time.  THE FOOD IS SALTY!!   Most foods taste amazing when you add excessive butter or salt.   You have to try this place at least once so you don't feel left out.  However, it's definitely not worth the wait or the money.
5	An amazing buffet. Definitely one of the best on the strip (and I've been to almost all of them).  Though pricey, the price definitely matches the quality. I seriously must have eaten half of the 300 dishes they had to offer at dinner and liked every single thing I ate. If you like buffets, you should ask for the buffet of buffets which give u access to 5 other buffets on the strip for free for the next 24 hours and its only 15 dollars more. Do not pass this up. Oh yeah, plan on waiting in line for 40min to a couple hours. Even though this place seats 600, it's just that popular.
1	It was a bad experience to be asked to leave after two hours, I had a surgery in my stomach and I have to eat very little bites, the claim there is a signage every where, but there was not a single sign stating that I have to leave with in 2 hours
4	Went here for dinner and the price was around $55 w tax per person.  It's pricey but I would pay the extra $16 compared to the buffet at MGM.  They have a great meat selection, brisket, ribs, prime rib, sausage and more. All of it was very tender, no tough chews.   They have oysters but they weren't tasty at all.  I say it's worth a try if you been to the Bellagio or Wynn already.  If you haven't I would just go pick the lowest price one out of the three for dinner.  Bellagio for sure for lunch.
4	Let's face it, there are a lot of buffets in Las Vegas.  I've been to several of them and by far this is the best buffet I've ever been to.  I used to frequent the Bellagio buffet when I would visit Vegas.  Now that I've been here, I'm sure this will be my new go-to Vegas buffet.  Similar to other buffets, they separate everything by cuisine/type: Asian (mostly Japanese, Chinese, and Korean), Italian (charcuterie, pasta, pizza), American (ribs, burgers, fries, etc.), seafood, salad bar, brunch food, and dessert.  The portions are smaller than most buffets, which I really enjoy because it gives you the opportunity to try more food without feeling guilty about wasting anything.  Most of the small plates also come in mini containers.  The sweet potato tater tots come in miniature fryer baskets, the yogurt parfaits come in small Mason jars, and the Shanghai dumplings come in miniature bamboo steamers.  They were so cute I was tempted to steal them, but didn't of course.  Dessert is my kryptonite and their dessert section is awesome.  They have crepes made to order, gelato, cookies, pastries, and pies.Lunch is about $45 with tax.  We ended up going on Saturday around 11:30 am, which seemed like a good time.  The line was surprisingly short.  They start serving dinner at 3 pm, so if you're really hungry and/or feeling really glutinous, you can try coming a bit later and eating both lunch and dinner, but the line will probably be longer at that time.  Just a tip: they won't seat you until your entire party is available.  We were waiting for my friend and her family who were running late and we had to wait on the side until they arrived.  The hostess mentioned they do this because some people will say that someone is coming, but they won't show up for another 1-2 hours which holds up the entire table.  This makes sense if they profit from table turnover.  After waiting a good 15-20 minutes for my friend and her family to arrive, the hostess decided to go ahead and seat us.  I'm assuming this was an act of kindness and definitely an exception to the rule.  Their waiting service was also really great.  My friend's daughter was not feeling well, and sadly enough ended up throwing up on herself and the chair she was sitting on (not because of the food, but from a previous sickness).  I thought the waitress would be upset, but instead she was very comforting and gave us wet towels to clean up the mess and a new clean chair for her to sit on.   Out of restaurants in general, I give Bacchanal a 4 out of 5.  Out of buffets I definitely would give it a 5 out of 5 because the quality was great for food that is made in mass production.  I definitely would visit again, but maybe wear Spandex so I can eat more.
5	After eating the Cosmopolitan's Wicked Spoon Buffet two trips in a row I was looking for something else, something MORE, something new... low and behold it was just a couple hotels down the street waiting for my arrival.Unfortunately it isn't the cheapest of places and I was prepared for that, because sometimes great food doesn't have a price. It was EDC weekend and it was Saturday brunch/lunch time so my wait time was around 45 minutes - one hour (like I said, I will do almost anything for food). Once we paid at the cashier it was another 15-20 minutes and that was a definite struggle as the smells from the continental buffet filled our nostrils and my tummy grumbled in anger. FINALLY, we were seated and I immediately mapped out my game plan: I hit the mexican station first, then ventured to the asian section, the fried foods/american section, the seafood section, and lastly the desserts. Although in theory this worked well, it was a mission trying to decide what I wanted at these various sections because everything looked appetizing. I didn't get a chance to try a bite of everything because there isn't enough space in my stomach for 8 countries of food. Here are some unique dishes that aren't at your atypical buffet: meatballs with bowtie pasta, fresh made to order crepes, baked chocolate chip cookies, brown butter caramel ice cream, al pastor tacos, oysters, mussels, xiao long bao (YES, I am from Arcadia this was a big deal). This is a vegas MUST TRY I don't care what your favorite buffet is currently, JUST FORGET ABOUT IT, because you go BACCH, you always go back.
5	King Of Buffet's!!!  This place is truly one of the BEST BUFFET's in Vegas.  The quality of food and variety is just ridiculous.  The decor is really upscale and very clean.  The service is excellent and the waiters are really attentive with refills and cleaning up used plates.  The price for the Buffet is on the expensive side but you get what you paid for in quality and variety.  The Buffet is situated inside Cesars Palace so parking should not be an issue.  My fiancee and I did not have to wait at all to get in because we had an early dinner around 5PM.  The usual wait from we have heard from others is between 1-2 hours depending on the day of the week.  I for one am a big fan of crab legs and oysters and Bacchanal really has one of the freshest seafood selections around.  Located literally smack dab in the front of the Buffet line right when you walk in so its pretty difficult to miss.  The meat selection is filled with massive slabs of everything you can think of.  One of my favorite was the lamb chops that was just delicious.  There is even a Udon/Ramen section where the chef will make whatever you like right on the spot and you can add the toppings on your own.  In the back where they have all the chinese food you can also find chinese chicken herbal soup that explodes with flavor.  The dessert section is also just out of this world.  They have a whole variety of mochi ice cream, gelato, and the usual sea of dessert cakes and goodies.  My favorite was the sesame mochi and the thai tea gelato.  I would suggest looking at the whole buffet selection before you start getting anything so you can get an idea of how massive the buffet actually is.  This way you can map out what you plan to get and not get stuck missing out on food because you are so damn full.  Make sure you wear loose clothes because you will probably need the extra space.
4	The selection is not as many as I have expected. The plastic lobsters are for display only. The pasta is very salty and the Chinese BBQ dishes look scary. The desserts are top notched so there are extra points for that.
3	"THE NUMBER ONE BUFFET IN THE LAS VEGAS BY USA TODAY". If you're a tourist I'm sure you saw that and decided to Yelp it to see if it was any good. Great job!The Bacchanal buffet has steady declined for me, mostly due to the behemoth price (~ $50) which could be justified for its mammoth sized choices. When it first opened it was around (~$30) for dinner which made it IMPOSSIBLE to pass in terms of buffets in Las Vegas, then they increase the prices gradually. Bait and switch :(!Should you go here? Yes if:1. The line isn't atrociously long (a hour plus) - you could pay $15 per person to get in the "fast pass" line 2. If there is not a major convention (i.e. EDC, CES, SEMA, etc) - this would make the line 2+ hours long3. Money ain't a thang4. Comped!5. Relatives from out of town that want to experience a Vegas buffet. Is it good?Usually! I won't tell you what to eat because half the things aren't the same. The carving station has been solid and the assortment of ice cream flavors are pretty cool. I like the brown ale caramel and the thai tea flavor. You can get souffles baked to order, just ask! You might even see Dyan Ng, the dessert boss, whose pretty cute :).
5	I'm a huge fan of raw oysters...I think I had 20 raw oysters this last visit...they were absolutely delicious!! Especially on a hot summer day.  I felt bad for the guy shucking the oysters.  He has a tough job, but at least the oysters made me very happy! The guys working at the seafood section were really nice and were quick to heat up a plate of crab legs for those in line.  For dessert, I really enjoyed how we can make our own crepes...not the crepe skin, but we get to customize the toppings ourselves which is nice.  I loved the crepe skin--it really hit the spot, especially with some nutella on top.  I also tried their macaroons and those were amazing! I'm addicted to macaroons now because of bacchanal.  I actually have tried other places' macaroons, and I still think Bachannal's is one of the best.
5	Excellent food, everything was perfectly cooked, and carefully made to perfection. Each and every item I ate was superb and can't wait to go back for more.  The only negative thing was the long line getting in but what do you expect when coming in on a Friday? :-)
5	Let me start off by saying that I visited this place with the expectation that it was an overprice gimmick. Let me continue by saying our first attempt at Bacchanal met with a two hour wait that scared us off halfway down the strip. It was the next day, in our second attempt, that we made it inside Bacchanal (3:00pm is a great time to beat the line). As we entered, the cynical bastard inside me was looking for something to complain about . . . but I just couldn't.  I was surrounded by such a myriad of different kinds of food that I was overwhelmed.  I figured at this point that Bacchanal's key was quantity over quality. It was time to actually try some of these dishes and put that theory to the test.While skipping about, gathering a virtual cornucopia of food, I was admittedly excited. I carried back a plate with various sushi rolls, noodles, shrimp, sliders, and even a cute metal basket full of tater tots (Yes, a bloody basket of tater tots . . . the kind that the buffets in heaven are said to have). Again, looking for something to complain about, I couldn't. Everything I brought back with me was fantastic. My charming companion's plate was equally impressive and she was thoroughly pleased. I never did get an articulate opinion out of her, however, as she did not manage to say much beyond "NOM" amid intermittent giggles of delight. We each tried everything the other brought back. I am not a big dessert person, however the psiren song coming from the dessert bar entranced me. Before us lay innumerable gourmet treats. Everything from fancy tarts, to cheese cake, to macaroons and chocolate covered strawberries. I think I managed to get back to my table with four or five treats as my companion continued to circle the bar like a ship trapped in the grip of Charybdis. She returned a few minutes later with a triumphant smile, carrying with her several sweet looking trophies.  As the culinary orgy continued,  the name of the buffet began to make perfect sense.We went up for more after . . . I cannot begin to describe how pleased we were with the Bacchanal, and how happy I was to be wrong in my assumptions. I expected your typical buffet food, but found the quality to be on par with most fine dining establishments. I thought I would at least be able to complain about the price, but honestly? We easily ate more than forty-five dollars worth of food in sushi and desserts alone. I would describe this buffet as the perfect vacation restaurant. Obviously it's not something you'd want to do every day (unless of course you are rich), but dining at the Bacchanal is an experience that you will not soon forget. We are already planning on visiting next time we make it down to Vegas.
5	This was my first time at this buffet extravaganza.  I will give you my opinions and throw in those of my friends who dined here before.  We arrived at 5 pm on a Wed. evening.  The line was not terrible but was growing.  Wait was probably 15 mins.  Still $50 for a weekday dinner.  Military id gets you seated first.  From the front, the buffet does not look that big...but it does stretch to the back.  You are first impressed with the shucking area (oysters) and crab legs.  I couldn't take my eyes off of it...We were seated towards the middle and drink orders were taken right away.  For a buffet, the service was pretty darn good.  There seemed to be 2 waiters helping us and drinks were refilled and plates cleared quite promptly.  When it came to the food, I am the type to try a few things and go back for the things that I liked.  So here are my highlights...-  Oysters:  just ok.  We had Aquaknox the night before and you couldn't compare it.  But this was the first time I had oysters at a buffet in vegas, so I give them points for even offering.  I didn't try the shooters next to them, but my friends said they were also tasty-  Crab legs/shrimps:  This is my vice.  I love crab legs.  I thought in general, the legs were on the small and wimpy side.  With that said, I like the fact that you can get them warmed  (not a given at other buffets).  I also like the drawn butter dispenser.  The shrimp was also really good and they had a nice cocktail sauce to go with it.- Meats:  Lots of good looking meat product, all displayed behind a glass wall.  I thought in general, it was very good.  My favorite was the lamb chops.  Very juicy and flavorful.  One of the best lamb chops that I have had (Carnevino was actually my favorite).  The brisket was good, a tad on the sweet side.  Baby back ribs were ok.  I added the BBQ sauce to it.  Every one thought the prime rib was really good as well.  Very satisfied with the meat offering.  I also liked the mac n' cheese that was served next to it.- Sliders/Fried Chicken:  The sliders were good.  I didn't fill myself with it, but in any other situation, I would have consumed more.  I thought the friend chicken was really tasty and crispy.  I liked how they served them individually and kept them fresh.  They didn't seem to sit there for more than 5 mins.-  Sushi:  Pretty decent for a buffet.  I loved the poke that they served.  Great flavor- Asian:  Great asian selection- Dessert:  ONe of the best selection that I have been to.  Huge gelato display (espresso was the best) along with Mochi ice cream (haven't seen that before).  The girls loved the macaroons that were served.I was pretty impressed since this was my first time here.  My friends that have dined here before thought the level had dropped a notch.  I think that is how Vegas buffets go.  When they first open up, service and food are at a peak.  Then as time goes by, things tend to drop.  I just like the fact that most of the items seems to be very fresh.  I would definitely return, just not sure if I would wait 1-2 hrs for this.
5	Came here at 10:50 and was able to pay the breakfast price just before lunch prices started. WIN! There's a reason why there's so many 5 star reviews, THEY HAVE EVERYTHING. I was so overwhelmed, and I desperately tried to only take bites of everything to save room but I still couldn't try it all. This buffet is a definite must if you're on the strip!
4	After reading the amazing yelp reviews had to try this hot new Buffett. After trying wicked spoon on my last Vegas trip the bar was set pretty high.Bacchanal made wicked spoon like a shack. The sheer size of this place is amazing. I would for sure check out the build your own taco station as well as the seafood section. Price is a little on the high side but the meal was well worth it. Will be back again soon!
1	I recently ate here Friday, June 21, 2013. My one big meal to fuel my weekend of EDC fun. But low and behold... I end up getting FOOD POISONING from something in their seafood dept.!!! It ruined my whole weekend! Stomach ache and violent diarrhea for the next 5 days!! It's the 6th day now and I'm FINALLY feeling better. They get one star b/c the only thing really good there was there dessert bar! Other than that, their food is nothing better than any of the other Vegas strip buffets and I will never ever be going back to Bacchanal Buffet again! Be warned... stay away from the seafood!
3	Eek! Me thinks notMeh. I've experienced better.A-OKYay! I'm a FanWoohoo! As good as it gets!So there you have it folks. It's A-OK but I'm definitely not a fan.What annoyed me this trip. Missing Alaskan King Grab Legs (The Buffet) has that, meanwhile Bacchanal decides to serve King Crab Legs instead!KeynotesBEST EFFING TIP IN THE NEXT SENTENCE!!!!!Dinner starts at 3:00 so pay by 2:59 to get lunch price (10 dollars cheaper)Went THURSDAY June 20, 2013 price was like 44.99 for dinner with rewards card 43.99 (wtf just a dollar?)Lunch would be like 33.99 and 1 dollar off with TR card 32.99Cashier"So if it's 9 people that'll be 18 percent gratuity"MUAH"So I should do two groups then?""Would we be able to sit close?"CASHIER"Depends on available seats and hostess"So I decide to split it 5/5 (we have one on the way)Hostess "We can't sit you guys near eachother because it has to be different servers or it'll be 18 percent gratuity"Me "The cashier just said..."Now I've worked F&B for years what a load of bullshitHERE comes the server"it's chill I'll serve both of them"Sat us miles apart with the same serverWhat pisses me off is that I got more service from the bussers  than the servers not to mention them not sitting us near each other when the place is empty enough for us to sit near each other. BACK ANAL, you DEFINITELY ARE ANAL, GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER. All your fracking employees telling me different shiz. DAFUQ!@#%?Btw, the employees yell Bacchanal every 5 mins for some odd odd reason. Next buffet to tryTHE BUFFET!!!! I want my Alaskan Crab LegsProsThey can steam the King Crab LegsHUMONGOUS peeled SHRIMP!GET THE LEG OF LAMB, COOKED TO PERFECTION!!!!!! like PERFECTIONCons Cost an arm and a leg, staff gives two shits about service because you tip before hand. Everything else is standardBTW I walked out with a bag with 50 macarons, Check out da pics! They were okay, I've had better but that's my 55 dollars (10 percent tip cause you guys are douches with horrible service)
4	just cause the macarons, but the macarons are not that good :(
3	OMG!! Vegas Buffets are crazy!!!  If you really need to go to a buffet then this isn's a bad choice!  they have a lot of food options but their price is very expensive and for the $40-$50 per person you can enjoy a good meal in vegas and not feel like you are dying or having stomach pain! The wait is also extreme, we waited around 1 hour!
4	Eclectic selection. Crowded room. Overwhelming experience.Ambience: 7Food Quality: 8Selection: 8Service: 5I'm the type to try a little of everything.  Buffets are my forte, but when I entered the bright and light entry way of this buffet, I was sure I was in for a challenge.  You're greeted with the seafood section to your left followed by the meats (line gets pretty long past 6), then the Mexican section (with a bar dedicated towards sauces).  You think that's it, but turn the corner left and you're greeted with the Italian and Asian cuisines.  Favorite dish was the sea bass, crisp glaze on the top and entirely soft and melty once you bite in.  The meats (veal, lamb chops, prime rib, ribeye, etc.) were amazing as well: juicy and warm.  Seafood was great, though the jumbo prawns were tasteless and the oysters didn't quite have that fresh sea taste found at other places in Vegas.  Asian food was there, though nothing exciting (as it was placed at the back portion of the restaurant).  Quality was a bit lacking at that point (kung pao, sukiyaki, and beef were a bit salty and dim sum was a bit hard (perhaps from standing too long out on the trays)).  They did have sushi, though (maguro, salmon, ebi, and 3 or 4 other rolls), which were generally fresh (these were the hottest items gone from the Asian section).  My weakness is definitely fried food, and in this regard, Bacchanal delivered.  Fried chicken, fried sweet potatoes, fried calamari...all crisp and juicy, especially with the right sauces.  Unfortunately, by the time dessert rolled around, my stomach was at the brink of explosion, so...I ended up getting the flan, which was average.  I started the dinner with a chocolate macaroon, which I believe was transferred from the bakery across the buffet, and it was awesome (all-you-can eat macaroons, yum yum).  The desserts island is definitely one of the main selling points for Bacchanal. Service could have been better.  Their busy, I understand, but it seemed like no one really enjoyed their jobs.  Plates were taken about 2-3 minutes after you finished, so pretty fast.  But ordering new drinks and such took a little longer (6-10 minutes).  Advice: If you're looking for great quality food and you're with a party that can't make up their mind (and you have a little extra money to spend), by all means, Bacchanal is the place for you.  But if you're stomach is small and you like to be a little more discrete with your tastes, this place might not be worth the money (at $45.00 per person for Thursday dinner). Desserts are the bomb, however. If you're comparing with Cosmo's buffet, Wicked Spoon has a smaller selection but packs a certain edge that gives more flavor to the food there.  But Bacchanal still serves quite a feast.Long live Caesar.
5	#1 Las Vegas Buffet!!!!I've tried almost all of the buffets, and this is by far the best one out of them all. It might be more expensive, but it is worth it!You can expect a variety of premium dishes:-Authentic Chinese-Mexican-Beef/Meat cuts-Seafood-DESERTSSSSSSSEX (they had macarons, a gelato bar, creme brulee etc)-Freshly Squeezed Carrot, Cucumber, Orange, Trop Juice-Many MoreI love this place. It is worth it to go the breakfast since it is significantly cheaper (try to arrive before 11am!) Lunch and Dinner are about the same price 35-37 total.
4	We went for brunch on a recent Sunday.  The line was only about 20 minutes (arrived around 11am), surprisingly enough.The food was mostly hit with a few misses (the crab legs, for one - super dry).  Semi-DIY crepes were fun and delicious.  They were constantly out of the red velvet pancakes so I didn't get to try them.My only complaint is that at $46, the price is STEEP especially given that you have no choice between champagne or no champagne.  Other buffets are $10+ less if you don't spring for the alcohol, and I wasn't drinking that weekend, so I was stuck having to pay for unlimited mimosas that I couldn't drink.  Boo on that.
5	The BEST buffet that I have ever been to. Amazing.We probably waited about 30 minutes until we got seated and of course you know you have to go when lunch is almost done and dinner is about to start to get the best of both worlds.There is so much high quality food at Bacchanal, it will not disappoint. Some of the notable mentions would be:Lamp chopsRoast duckHot and sour soupPRIME RIBRamen and pho stationDim sumKING CRAB LEGS (cold or steamed)MusselsOystersSeabassLobster bisqueSeafood paellaBLOOD ORANGE SORBETCreme BruleeMacaronsAll caps means MUST TRY! Even the more simple, typical plates were high quality: pasta, fresh shrimp, salad bar, pizza, sliders, chicken nuggets, fries, etc.Be aware that if you have more than 8 people in your party, they will automatically add on a 18% gratuity fee.Bacchanal will now be my default buffet when I visit Vegas...that is...until another hotel decides to build or revamp an even better one.
5	We've been to a couple of buffets in Vegas. This was the best, by far. There was a great selection and the food was fantastic.
4	So its $46 for Mon to thurs. $55 for Fri to sun. Great new place. Everything tastes top notch. Cons: There are lines to get the good meat and for seafood. Pros: This is worth the largest selection of food in Vegas. Cons: But I would say, wynn is good enough at a lower price for the crab legs. The crab legs were falling apart at bacchanal. Pros: u can get a souffle made in ten min. It's really good if they don't over bake it. There's macaroons, gelato, mochi which are the 4 best desserts.  The gelatin tho is better tasting at the wynn.
5	The lines were long, the wait was long, but I guess it was worth it?My friends loved this place, and so did I (kind of).  I wasn't feeling too hot, and so I didn't get to grub like a beast like I would usually do.One of my friends signed up for a card w/ the hotel, and he got a free $10 play certificate for redemption and got $1 off per person who ate at the buffet with him.  Sweet!  (Dinner buffet is ~$45.)For those who like home designs etc, in line if you look at the lights you'll notice that cups were used as the design around the lights.  Looks pretty nice.The lines were super long for the seafood section.  Right behind that was the meat section.   My friends feasted in both sections, especially in the seafood section.  They were animals.  There were also Mexican food and Chinese and so on.  If you like dessert, it's in a different section separate from the buffet--right in the middle of the restaurant.  My stomach was hurting so I didn't really try any of it, but my friends did and loved it.  Some went back for seconds, and thirds.  Crazy...
5	This was probably the best buffet I have ever had. In my entire. Life. Of course, it was probably also the most expensive buffet I have ever had in my entire life, but that sounds about right.Came here after my friend kept raving about it.  This is part of the Harrah's chain and therefore part of the buffet pass, but try to go when it's NOT a long weekend, as you have to pay a premium.  The pass was about $100 per head (buffet pass, weekend upgrade, long weekend upgrade, $25 premium for Buccanal).The lineup was faster than expected.  Even though the entire queuing area was completely full, we got through in about 50 minutes.Seriously, if you ever wanted allyoucaneat fine dining, this is it.  Right here.  Alaska king crab?  Lamb chops?  Steak?  Oysters?  The food here tasted much better than many restaurants (fine dining) back home, and if you factor in the volume, the pricing is actually quite decent.There was so much variety here that I couldn't even cover the entire buffet.The overall experience was life-changing.  I only tried 3 buffets with my pass (Le Village in Paris, and Spice Market in Planet Hollywood were the other 2), and this one blows the other 2 out of the water.Not sure about the other buffets out there (Vegas has so many), but if you were to only go to 1, you definitely will not be disappointed with this one.
4	So close to getting a 5* recommendation from me.  Finally tried Vegas's newest gourmet dining buffet, and I definitely loved it.  The dishes were amazing, but for some reason I still like Wicked Spoon better.That being said, I did have an amazing customer service experience.  I tried a piece of a square pizza that turned out to be amazing.  Went to get more at the end of my meal, and was told it was the chef's specialty.  I chatted with him and he said he'd make me a "personal pizza."  15 minutes later I came back to a HUGE pizza just for me.  It was blue cheese, prosciutto, and another meet I'm forgetting.  Go to the Italian station and ask for "Tony Gets" and have him make you this masterpiece!
5	WE ACTUALLY GOT ASKED TO LEAVE BECAUSE WE STAYED TOO LONG!!!! Hahahahahahha. I never knew buffets had time limits.... Although it was a bit embarrassing, I guess we stayed so long because we enjoyed it so much. So my friends and I decided to buffet it up after three nights of clubbing... so yes, we definitely needed to recover. Wait time was only 15 minutes, so we were seated in no time.I'll admit - this is my first Vegas buffet, but damn, everything I put into my mouth was amazing. Here's some of my favorites!!! - Mini deep fryers containing fatty goodness - corn dogs, tatertots, onion rings...Fresh juices in cute little bottlesRoasted duck + plum sauceOysters, mussels, shrimpies Oyster SHOOTERS!Prime ribRib eyeTruffle soup - i still have dreams about thisKorean short ribsSalmonCorn on the cobSliders - soooo goood. Potato gratin - must try!!! I ate 3x of these. Lobster bisqueGelato, gelato, gelato! Try pistachio and baklava! Or everything Calamari with this coconut rice(?)DIY Crepes!!Creme bruleeBroccoli & CheeseMac & CheeseAll the sushi....I'm probably missing a lot... but as you can see, we enjoyed everything! Every time we took a bite of something, we would sigh in pleasure or encourage each other to try it.  My vegan friend even broke her veganism that fine afternoon because the food was THAT good (sorry I'm not ratting you out!). Service was good as far as I remember. The man cutting the meat was extremely polite and patient, which I liked. The gelato lady was kind, friendly, and didn't mind giving me several samples. Our waitress seemed nice, except for the part when she said there was a two hour time limit. Well, I'm sorry!! What if we all just had really really big appetites?Price is reasonable (~$35 for lunch)! That filled me up for the rest of the day, so I thought it was worthwhile. I would come back, but probably wont stay as long. So if you're DTB (down to buffet), I highly recommend this place!4.5 stars!
3	Came here on a Thursday evening for dinner a few months ago. There was  NO LINE which was a super plus. The food was definitely good quality, but I just wasn't that impressed. I actually enjoyed the lunch buffet at Wicked Spoon better and it was half the price. I expected to find a variety of things I wouldn't see at other buffets seeing as this is the largest but to me the selection wasn't particularly wowing. For the record I don't eat seafood so that portion of the buffet was lost on me and it seems to be what everyone raves about. Customer service wise our waiter was fantastic. Didn't rush us, made great conversation, was ultra attentive and it really helped make the experience. I'm glad I got to try this place once and was even happier I didn't even have to wait in line for it, but I don't think I'll ever come back unless someone else is paying. And even than I'll probably try to convince them to go to Wicked Spoon.
5	Move over Wynn, I have a new favorite buffet in Sin City. So glad they revamped it, the previous buffet was not good whatsoever. Came for Champagne Brunch (~$41) on Saturday. They already had crab legs & shrimp cocktail available. Unparalleled carving station (prime rib, ham, turkey, SLAB BACON, and an assortment of sausages/links - there's also TWO..the other one is around the corner next to the pasta/pizza). Bacchanal also has a mexican food station - making some fresh tacos - yum! The Chinese food was also on point. There's even a noodle bar with ramen, pho (yes, pho) and udon! But, they also had a good assortment of guilty pleasure food - tater tots, waffle fries, fried chicken w/ sweet potato fries. OM NOM NOM. I caught the transition into dinner and that's when the mussels, oysters (yes, oysters - poor dudes were shucking them right there!), lamb, macarons, MOCHI ICE CREAM!!!! came out. Definitely a must-try!
5	Hands down the best buffet I have ever been to in Las Vegas.Sets the bar very high! There is plenty of variety to choose from and the quality of the food was excellent. Awesome experience! Will definitely go back.
4	The newest big budget buffet in Las Vegas and it is as good as buffet's get. Pretty much tried as much as my stomach can take. I would say 80% of the food that I tried was good to great, which is a big fat B in the yelp report card.
3	I love buffets but  i think didnt have a big appetite that day! Came here for lunch and there was barely a line! $35 a person. The design of this place looks amazing! Food was literally everywhere! Only disappointment I had about this place when I asked for a plate of salmon sashimi with no rice the chef said something I couldnt understand. I had a ton of shrimp cocktails and a few oysters! I didnt eat any of the pasta but they looked delicious as well the salami and cheese station.Loved the desserts! Crepes and different flavored ice cream were my favorite!
5	I don't know WHAT could top this buffet. I wish my stomach was detachable so that I could have eaten more and tried everything. This is THE buffet to go to when in Vegas. Hands down, without a doubt! For dinner it is about 55 per person. Steep yes, but well worth it my friend, so prep your wallets and stomach accordingly. The variety made my head spin, in a good way. There was a seafood station, a taco station with like 3208493908 condiments next door, a bread station with small ramekins of softened butter, a meat station, sushi, chinese food (mainly dim sum), cheese and way way more. I just want to write a novel on how great the selection of food is. I mean, not everything is going to amaze you of course, but it's one of those excited to be alive moments at Bacchanal. The meat station: So many damn choices. I cried inside. 3-4 kinds of sausage? Do you want prime rib or ribeye (tomahawk chop)? Brisket? Lamb chop? Turkey? Chicken? I'm sure there was more, but my eyes went towards the lamb chops and ribeye. All of the meats I tried were simply seasoned and had low percentage of having been effed up. The seafood station: Oyster, king and snow crab, salmon, sea bass and more. You didn't even know you wanted it until you saw it homie. Actual clarified butter, cocktail sauce, lemons, horseradish; THE WORKS. Oh and one of the cooks behind the hot plates asked if I wanted hot crab instead of the ones on the bar. It's the little things that add up :) Dessert station: The last point and reminder at which you decide you need it all. Every single damn dessert. Creme brulee, chocolate or vanilla? Gelato...all 20 something flavors yes? Which cake? There are too many kinds that I'm not sure I want, but I actual do want. And more. I'd love to elaborate on the other stations, but you get the gist of this place; it's going to shock you even with high expectations like I had. The wait was like 40 minutes when I went earlier tonight and the line was long but you wait for quality. Suck it up and complain after, unless all your anger is washed away by the different foods at Bacchanal. ***ATTENTION YELPERS***WHEN YOU ARE IN VEGAS, DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AT ANY OTHER BUFFET. YOU WILL ALWAYS WIN AT THIS ONE. Somehow...just somehow...guaranteed!
3	This place has good food, but could of paid less for same quality food at other buffets in vegas. Went their mainly for seafood. Got some oysters and crablegs, which was super cold because it was sitting on ice for a while. I expected better seafood from some place that claims to be #1 in vegas.
4	Heard this was the #1 buffet in Vegas. The main draw of this place are its snow crab legs which were pretty good albeit skinny :P. The last time I was in vegas, The Bellagio had a similar buffet serving the same items for $35-$40 I believe(?) This place was $50.3.5 stars, but rounded up.
5	Bacchanal, named presumably after the Greek God Bacchus, who was the God of drunken revery and festival.  How fitting.  Truly a feast fit for the Gods and a feast of excess.My experience here was awesome.  Luckily, my friends and I came at a time where the line was non-existent, but within 30 minutes, the line grew to an hour wait.  If you come during peak dinner hours 6-8pm, prepare for a minimum of a 30 minute wait. Firstly, the cost is $55 per individual and if you have a party of 8 or more, than they will automatically add 18% gratuity.  Once you get past the line, they hand you little plastic rubber pincers that are meant to hold any hot items.  As soon as you pay, the hostess sits you down at a table.  While I walked there, I was very impressed with the environment and the decor of the place.  It was very clean, very modern, and colorful with some light music playing in the background.After I was seated, the waiter took our drink orders and then my friends and I were off to pick our food.  The line of food is around 50 yards long, no exaggeration.  From what I remember, there are different ethnic foods including Chinese, Japanese, Italian, American, Mexican, and Seafood.It would take too long for me to write all the foods offered but I will write about the ones I loved the most.  To keep it short and sweet, all the food was great quality!  I tried the lamb chops, roast beef, spare ribs, sausage, sushi, sweet potato tots, ramen noodle, udon noodle, su mai, crackers, cheese, delicatessen, cherry tomato, won ton, pho, crepes, mochi ice cream, and apple pie.Oh dear god.  What a lot of amazing food.  Its a must have if you are ever in vegas.  Apparently it was voted best buffet by USA Today.  I am not surprised.Tips:1.  Avoid peak hours or the wait will be at least 45 minutes2.  The sweet  potato tater tots are surprisingly sweet and delicious3.  You are only allowed 2 mochi ice cream pieces per visit4. Bring loose clothing
3	I'm rating this place in comparison to other top-notch buffets in Vegas. My friends and I went here because of it's the new #1 buffet in Vegas and it was kind of disappointing to be quite honest. For $50 per person, I was expecting to be blown away, but I feel that the Bellagio buffet, Wynn buffet and Wicked Spoon are all better buffets and better values as well.Overall, I was very underwhelmed. I think the expectation and the price set the bar for this buffet high and unfortunately they did not deliver for me.
3	I'm kinda disappointed with bacchanal... they were missing some key items when i went couple of weeks ago... they didn't have king crab legs,waygu beef or rack of lamb. I understand that it was EDC weekend and there were more people than there were food. But if they're gonna charge the same $51, they should have those items!! I was also disappointed with some of their dessert items.. like their mini cupcakes! WTF? they were so dry! I definitely need to go again on a non-crazy weekend because i'm pretty sure they can do sooo much better!
5	THE bestest buffet I've ever been at!The food is super fresh - seafood is being rotated every 15-30 minutes, I believe.  The choice is fantastic, and everything, literally everything, tastes absolutely yummy: make sure to try their crepes ( the best of the best) and chocolate covered strawberries with champagne salt. Champagne crackles in your mouth creating an explosion of taste - so groovy!!!Oh, and Mimosas are bottomless :)We showed our faces at the entrance around 10.30am, there was no line. Within an hour it grew into a massive gathering of hangover and hungry people. Dinner - forget it, the line gets even bigger, so it's really important to catch a moment when the restaurant is not too busy.
3	Came here due to word of mouth, billboards claiming they are #1 in Vegas, and also because it was one of the selections in our buffet of buffets deal. So we chose the wrong weekend to come to vegas since every single buffet we visited was SUPER JAM PACKED (it was the week of the jewelry convention). The line for this one was so long it wasn't even funny. We made it in 30 mins before they were closing and I beelined for the raw oysters and seafood section. I must admit, the presentation for every single food item was beautiful and you could tell they spent a lot of effort, but I really was not blown away. Maybe I came when it was busy in Vegas or maybe it was near closing time but I mainly picked at a couple food items I liked. I ate massive quantities of my favorite shrimp cocktails and raw oysters. Some other notable foods were the black chicken soup in the chinese section (tasted VERRRY authentic so I give them props), their cheese and salami section, and also their gelatos, and chocolate strawberries. I would suggest offering maybe milk chocolate on the strawberries as well since some people HATE dark chocolate...hint hint..also the japanese section had no sashimi...!?!!? what!?!?...just some simple cut rolls that looked not so appealing..Some of the food items I didn't even get to try since it was closing time and they were wrapping things up which was another thing that annoyed me. If you are a buffet and you let people in near closing time then at least let them get all their food before you start shutting your bars down! Overall, I think this place is a one time deal...since I'd much rather pay much less and get literally the same foods (minus the oysters) at other top notch vegas buffets.
5	Long lines(waited in line for at least an hour) and expensive(over $50) but well worth it. Prime rib and rib-eye steaks are very tender and the quality is at least equivalent to, if not better than, most high-end steakhouse restaurants. Sushi is above average in quality and pastas are high quality. Dessert bar is a separate island with a huge selection of cookies, cupcakes, gelato and other treats. You can order crepes are freshly made and put what you want inside of them(Highly recommended). Creme bulee is outstanding and the gelato is amazing. Unlimited refills for drinks. I will definitely be coming back.
5	Seriously best buffet I've ever been to! Everything was in point and We only had to wait ten minutes on a Wednesday evening. Whoever decides to come here must try everything. The seafood section was amazing (crabs and fish) best rack of lambs ever, it was so tender and full of flavor...I can't even start talking about the dessert :o gelato and crepes were so good and the Mochi ice cream really hit my sweet tooth :P can't wait to go back to Vegas for this buffet haha
5	Best buffet I've been to yet. This was my first Las Vegas buffet experience and none have come close to matching my experience. All of the food tasted high quality, every dish Was restaurant quality. The shrimp was sweet and fresh and the deep fried food is presented in an adorable way. Most memorable for me was the maple glazed sweet potato tater tots. I've dreamt of them and even tried recreating them at home. Servers were really nice and didnt mind continuing to refill out drinks while we digested and went back for round two... Then three... Then...
5	Took my daughter for breakfast and was overwhelmed.  First plate was fried chicken n waffles, shrimp and grits, steak and eggs, and yogurt with granola.  All good.  Then I got an omelette, which was cooked very well, and then slathered on a bunch of fresh guacamole and salsa.  Finally got some ice cream and cookies.  I missed about 80 percent of the stuff there, too.  Worthwhile for us because it was early and not crowded at all.
2	chose here coz I've been told it is #1 buffet in Las vegas. well, it is not true. Even I am not sure which one is the # 1 yet, this is NOT that good. fresh oyster is pretty good, my two stars part. dessert is OK. Asian part, sushi is not good; Chinese food is soso. I don't wanna try the pizza. yes, looks not good.
5	Went to this place for dinner. Oh my god! This buffet is the best one I've been to in Vegas so far. Their lamb is definitely better than Bellagio's. Also got a HUGE plate of warm crab legs. Mmmm! Delicious, especially with their unique melted butter. Oysters were good too. Love their mac and cheese. Their Asian food section (dumplings) were good too! This place definitely deserves it's name. I'll definitely come back here! Definitely try it out if you've never been!
3	Definitely a situation where it looks better than it tastes :-(We were pretty excited to splurge on this culinary feast.  I wore a dress to make sure that I could expand as much as needed after this binge.We tried everything...  and I gotta tell you... I was not impressed.When the best items of the night for me are corn on the cob and mac & cheese, I know that something is wrong.Yes... there is a huge variety.  But, everything was just so so.* snow crab legs.  huge piles of them.  but such skinny scrawny legs.  not much meat for all that work* prime rib.  it was good.  but there were patches of salt that would shock me.  Did I order a salt lick?  I don't think so...* rib eye.  pretty bland.  and SOOO fatty!!  yuckon to the asian section:kalbi, pho, ramen, miso soup, beef & brocc, blah blah blah...  I commend them for trying.  But the broth of the pho and ramen were so salty, I couldn't eat it.I tried the pasta, fish & chips, fried chix & sweet potato fries, sliders.  I'm glad I just took a bite of each thing.  :-PI tried more, nothing memorable.even the desserts weren't good enough to go back for seconds.  And we are HUGE dessert people!!crepe station..  mehall the baked goods were dry - cupcakes, cookies.  we didn't even finish themI had a cheesecake that was incredibly tart, almost sour.I finally just gave up.We waited in line for 30 minutes.The service was excellent.  I will compliment them on that.  We were never without water, coffee, tea, extra napkins, condiments...$100 for 2 people... so not worth it.  Maybe it was better when it first opened up, to attract people.  As for now, there's nothing that would make me want to go back.
3	Expected so much, but slightly disappointedThey need a better system to seat people -- when we went in, there were so many empty tables, so why did we have to wait so long in line?As a seafood aficionado, I went straight for the fish ---- overcooked and tasteless! So I settled for the scrawny crab legs. Enjoyed the oyster shooter and ceviche but not enough to want another round. Saw a display of lobster, but none were actually served unless they cooked them in the bisque. At least the shrimp were plump and succulent, otherwise their seafood station would have been a total let down.Prime rib -- although I like medium rare, this was too rare for my taste so they had to sear a piece for me. Chicken in a basket of sweet potato fries was a special treat. Super crunchy chicken. Fries had a sweet glaze that made it taste like dessert. Loved it.Ribs --- very dry. Definitely not the finger-licking kind. Vegetables and salads. Nothing spectacular. The Caesar salad was drowning in dressing which tasted like something you'd buy in a bottle from the local grocery store.Tried several desserts --- not impressed.  At least the flan and tiramisu tasted good.  Glad they were not overly sweet.Altogether, decent but hardly the best. I have a fondness for other buffets in Las Vegas. Maybe next time, we should just pick a fine dining place (like Michael Mina or Gordon Ramsey's). Buffets seem to be filling stations for gourmands, not gourmets
2	The wait is long, the line to the food is even longer, the food is bad to so-so, nothing impressed me. The lamp chop is okay if you are lucky to get the medium rare piece. the medium or well-done pieces are dry and chewy. I don't know how it got rated as one of the best buffets in Vegas.
4	Platinum skips line!Pricey, but good. Overate. Clogged my back canal.
5	Best Buffet as of date! What are you doing reading this? You should be on your way there.. beating the lines!Long Version:If you are here to gobble down crab legs, what are you doing here? You can get those at Todai for cheaper! Crab legs come out of a box, defrosted and served. Bacchanal had no influence on the taste.You're here because you are trying the quality of their prepared foods. Prime rib? Melts in your mouth! Potatoes au Gratin? Buttery and flavorful! Fish and Chips? One of the best I had!Best part? They offer every selection in tapa sized portions. Gone are the days where you would be stuffed because you got one pizza slice too many, or that one dish was just a little too big. Now, they are portioned small so you can eat more of a selection!Definitely try this place! You won't be disappointed!
3	I have had several friends tell me I should not come to Vegas without trying this place as it should blow me away.  I arrived about 2:30 and had the pleasure of being seated next to a charming younger couple to my right.  As the meal went on we got to discussing food and life in general.  All three of us had at least 2 menu items we rated as sub par.  In my case: fried chicken that was very, very dry under the coating and creme brulee that was drinkably liquid under the torched crust..  Too have 6+ items amongst 3 people that were not up to par in a buffet rated this highly is a fail.  As a personal note I felt I sank down too low in the chair to be comfortable, it felt like a booth which is why I normally prefer sitting in a chair.  Now that I have complained, this place has a lot going for it with the total number of items, most of which are properly done.  The entire staff was very pleasant and knowledgeable.  Considering this place was full with about a 10 minute wait in line you would never know they were at capacity. I just come up a bit short being able to give it the 4 stars it probably, on many days, deserves.
4	This buffet has tons of options and a lot of variety.  I wouldn't say every dish is totally delicious and some are just so-so, but the things I like to eat, they do well.  And I just love the idea of variety and I think the ambiance is nice.  I'm generally not a huge buffet fan, but with so many crab legs and dessert, and some pretty decent ramen, soups, potato, and noodle dishes I always leave really satisfied.  It's not cheap, so come hungry but be prepared to eat everything!
5	Definitely the best buffet i've been to in Vegas.Spent two hours in this buffet and didn't even realize we've been there for that long.Definitely on the expensive side, but the wife and i both agree this buffet was worth it.
5	Man! This place is just expensive! The food is good but geesh!!! Dammit!!! They are too expensive. I guess what they say is true, you get what you pay for. But I need a doggie bag or suh'in. $128.08 for two people. I could feed a small country for a month with that, LOL! I made sure I squeezed down some King crab legs and they were sweet and delicious too. Only way I could stomach the cost. Yeah, I'm being cheap! So what, And???It was still very good but I think I'm going to have to give them up for the rest of 2013. Might go purchase that Porsche I been eyeing instead...jk :-)
4	I'll give you a little guided tour of the buffet..Food: 4/5Meat Station:Hm...maybe they were off at the meat counter?  I gave their prime rib a try, and it was really dry and tough.  I had to literally cut away the edges to really enjoy the juicy portion of the meat (which was medium).  The meat station was certainly overwhelming.  All types of sausages, poultry, and red meat. I simply got full by glimpsing at the counter.  LOL... honestly, I am not a carnivore, but other patrons seemed to have enjoyed the meat station, since it always had a line.Asian Stations (actually more like Chinese & Japanese):The Chinese station was filled with dim sum (XLB, sticky rice, chow mein, fried rice, preserved duck egg and pork congee, cruellers (aka Chinese Donuts), blacken chicken ginseng soup (in claypots), cha siu (BBQ pork ribs), and a noodle station (Udon, wonton, & pho). Since I live in SGV and am Chinese, the dim sum didn't look very appetizing to me, but what WAS impressive was their blacken chicken ginseng soup. It tasted homemade and authentic (just like how mom makes it)!  Even my mom went and got seconds...so that says a lot.Sushi Station:Not many options, so if you're the type who goes directly to the sushi section in a buffet, you'll be disappointed.  They had salmon, shrimp, and tuna nigiri, a couple rolls, and Japanese seaweed. Yep, that's all folks.  Quality was good, but just not much to choose from.What really bothered me was how some people had the nerve to pick off the fish from the nigiri, leaving just the ball of rice lying on the serving platter. It's not only classless, but it's a waste of food. The rice to fish proportion was good...seriously... the amount of rice was no more than a pinky size. So do yourself and the rest of us a favor (and maybe gather some good Karma), pick up your own "reject" rice balls and take it with you, please.  Ugh....people these days!Italian/ European Station:Pasta, pasta, and more pasta. The portion sizes were doable, since they serve them in individual baked plates. The lasagna looked good, but I didn't have any myself.  I'd probably fill up with just that, and with the price that we had paid, I decided to stick with the other food options.Fine cheeses and deli meat was wonderful...quality was good, and the deli counter was barely keeping up with the demand....Latin & Central America Station (least busiest station)They had pasole (sp?), rice and beans, and ceviche. When dinner time came, the taco (freshly made upon ordering) station began serving al pastor, carne asada, and other meats you would usually have in a taco.American Station:Fried food in their own frying basket. Had their fried chicken, which was well seasoned and moist...the sweet potato fries had better days. It was bedding for the fried chicken, and it had gotten all soggy by the time I got to them. If it was crispier, the fries would have been perfect! They also served sliders, which I heard were good and juicy.  The mac & cheese was really popular, but again, I didn't have any myself. There was a TRUFFLED POTATO GRATIN dish which was my FAVORITE.  The serving size was small (appetizer-like), but it certainly was jam packed with great flavors...creamy, savory, and with a nice crusted/crispy top! Too bad I had this towards the end of my meal, otherwise I would have had more... SIGH....Seafood StationThe had clam bake, lobster chowder (with bacon bits), seafood paella, jumbo shrimp cocktail, and raw oysters.  I only had their oysters, and boy, were they GOOD!  With a squeeze of lemon juice and pinch of grated fresh horseradish, I was in BIVALVE HEAVEN. The oysters go quick, so be sure to stand guard when the next batch gets loaded on the ice.  =)Juice Station:I had their orange juice, but they also served watermelon, cucumber, and carrot juice, too.  The juice tasted freshly squeezed, although I saw the workers pouring them from gallon sized containers... As long as it tastes freshly squeezed, it's good enough for me.Dessert Station:Hm...I was literally circling this station like a shark around its prey.  Actually I was waiting for their churros (filled with vanilla cream), I finally gave up and settled for their velvet miniature cake and raspberry mouse cup.  Both were very decadent, but perfectly sweetened.  The gelato  and crepe making station was busy, but I couldn't eat anymore...so I simply let my eyes feast on the options.Service: 5/5Great service, and attentive. The waitress and her helper would check up on us, and our plates were cleared on a regular basis.  I cannot understand how people who eat a lot (I mean, 10 plates for 2 people) actually have the nerve to leave $1 as a tip. REALLY PEOPLE? UGH... If you can afford to spend $37 on a meal, at least give a decent tip for the person clearing your table.Final Verdict: I'd come here again if there's enough interest from the gang. But I'd rather spend that money on another extravagant Vegas buffet.
1	Not worth the price and wait for this buffet.  Initially excited to try this upon reading all the yelp reviews.  Paid $60 during the holiday weekend, must be a couple $$$ less on regular days.  Bottom line, I get what I had here for $20 in buffets in LA. Yes, it was that bad. Sushi rolls were not fresh, crab legs were cold (even though they were requested steamed), and overall just a lack of variety. Add into this an insanely long line for seafood that happens to spill over the adjacent food stations that trying to get food from these areas run the risk of other hungry customers go off on you as they think you are cutting into the seafood line.  There was a not dish that I tried that stood out to me as above average.  "Over 500+" items? I don't think so.  The desserts somehow made the experience a bit better but it was mediocre at most.  Wanted to try their asians soups (ramen, pho and udon) but guess what... The broth isn't ready for another 20 minutes.  Save your money and time and go to either the Buffet at Bellagio or the buffet at M resort (unlimited wine and beer included). Never has a vegas buffet disappointed me such as Bacchanal! :p
4	I don't like buffets.  There... I said it.  Long lines. Mediocre food.  IKEA tables.  So why review Bacchanal?  Because I can do what I want.  This is America, pal.  I also visited several buffets while on a recent trip, so... I'll give you my worthless feedback.I tried the lunch buffet at Caesars, Cosmo, Aria, and M Resort.  Bacchanal is the only buffet I've ever enjoyed.  The line moved quickly.  The food was fantastic (the brisket was the highlight).  The decor was decent... for a buffet.  Would I go back?  Yes.
4	I will readily admit that I'm not normally a "buffet" person.  I tend to feel it's a lot of sub-good food and I don't generally feel terribly awesome after eating at one. Went to Bacchanal for dinner with family who were down on vacation and really wanted to go, and everyone had a pretty darn good time.Pros: - Almost everything was at least good, and a few items were downright great. Namely: The onion rings; crispy, hot, salty, and a little bit spicy, the fried chicken, which was damn near perfect, the peach brisket, the meat and cheese section, and several of the deserts.- The desert variety is diabetes provoking. I got one of everything, since they are only one or two bites, and was just a horrible person that lets children starve in africa, and didn't eat more than one bite of anything I didn't LOVE.- Did I mention the cured meat and cheese section? that was awesome.- I did not feel awful after eating here. I did have a "wow I haven't eaten that much sugar since I was 9 at halloween" buzz going, but that was my own damn fault.Cons:- Price. Ooof. Not sure that was worth it, but it was definitely part attraction and fun for the family. Wouldn't go with just the two of us on a weeknight or anything.- Dat LINE. Holy COW that was a long wait for what the buffet ended up being. We were in line almost as long as we ate. Overall: Too spendy for frequent returns, not fabulous enough to come back as a "special occasion" dinner. Will probably return with out of town family/friends who want to do the buffet-as-tourist-attraction.
1	This place is seriously in need of better management!  Waited in line for hours to pay; they could have hired more help to clean up the tables..... I have been here several times and will not return again.
4	I am not a buffet kind of person but this place was worth the effort. Sidenote: I didn't like the long wait or the price. We waited 2 hours and due to the holiday weekend the prices were ridiculous. We had bought the 24 hour buffet pass (which was also hiked up because of the holiday) but to get in to this buffet it was an additional $25 for dinner. I enjoyed the modern design of the place - it made you feel like you weren't at a buffet and the food was exceptional. Personally, seafood is the only thing that makes buffets worth going to and they had a great spread. Steamed or on ice, they had crab legs already conveniently cut open for you, oysters, oyster shooters, shrimp, seafood pasta, sashimi, etc. Amazing.Staff was very helpful too. For dessert, I had some of the macarons (green ones were the best) and the mango chile lime sorbet (sooo good).
4	Pricey, but in terms of food quality, this buffet is great compared to the others.  When we went this 4th of July weekend, food didn't sit long under heat lamps like they do at some other buffets.  Even comfort food items, like mashed potatoes/macaroni and cheese I could tell were prepared with better ingredients.  Crab legs were pre-cut in half.  I normally don't enjoy crab at buffets, but at Bacchanal it was actually yummy.Selection is very plentiful and the desserts were great!  The gelato flavors were yummy too!  I recommend going during off peak hours so that waiting in line doesn't take away from the experience.  By the time we were finished eating and walked out of the buffet, the line was insane!
5	Best Buffet in Vegas.  Price is worth the selection.  Love the king crab and the BBQ pit.
3	So... not being the Las Vegas connoisseur, I had to consult my buddies on buffet choices while on a last second trip to the surface of the sun. I guess that didn't work seeing how they aren't any more "in the know" than myself. They heard it through the grape vine that Bacchanal has been generating buzz, and so we went.I'll have to admit, it does have a bit better quality than other buffets, but at $45/pp I would like it would. I won't go into detail about anything specific, because nothing stood out. I tried probably one of EVERYTHING (except the dessert bar since it was closing) The selection is pretty good, but other than that... it just wasn't worth the $45 imo.On a different note, the server/busser was excellent.Next on deck to try is the M Buffet or Wicket Spoon at the Cosmopolitan...
3	2 hr wait and 4th of July buffet is $60! :( I've never waited this long or paid that much for a buffet in my life. I think people hyped up this buffet way too much because it's definitely not so much more impressive than Wynn's or Bellagio's. Although to be fair it was 4th of July dinner and I desperately wanted to try Bacchanal since I first heard about it, it has been on my Vegas bucket list for awhile now. At first I waited in line with 5 others in our group, but since I found out I was able to use my disability pass to bypass the 2 hr line and wait in the express line  I opted for that option. Since I could only bring another person in with me, the rest of the group left to eat somewhere else and as determined as I was, I stood waiting with my bf in the express line.After about an hour of  waiting I was getting extremely impatient because they continuously allowed diamond, platinum, buffet of buffet people in and completely ignoring everyone in the express line. Some people actually paid an additional $20 to wait in the express line and yet they could not get in so they started complaining. After awhile they finally started letting some of us in the express line in. BUT the wait was not over, after we paid for the buffet we had to wait in yet another line to get seated. Then after getting seated we had to wait in line to get food. The whole ordeal was a waste of time and energy and by the time we sat down to eat, we weren't even that hungry anymore. The food options are definitely plentiful with oysters, crab legs, lobster rolls, etc in the seafood section, sausages, prime rib, filet, lamb chops etc in the carving station, and a variety of  different ethnic foods in the back. The most impressive station in the buffet would have to be the desserts. I absolutely loved the mochi ice cream and gelato. The quality of all the food is pretty decent but I would never wait in such a long time or pay that price for buffet again. If you want to try Bacchanal, the best time is probably brunch or late lunch to avoid lines and you pay a discounted price. AVOID going during holidays, they mark up the price and there's really nothing special on the menu to justify that price change.
5	I so regret purchasing the 24 hour buffet @ $308 for 2 adults and 1 child to include Bacchanal. All the other buffets do not compare. Smaller selection but excellent food and presentation. It is one of the best in Vegas. Next time, it's this place or the M buffet.
3	My first Vegas buffet experience--Meh. The wait was long and it was $60 freaking dollars. I could go to lunch sushi buffet 4 times with that kind of money where I'm from! Best part of the meal was the dessert selection: dessert mochi and tons of mini desserts so you can try a bunch!There's a ton of food and most of it is good, but the cost wasn't worth it.
5	So, in my deprived life I have never been to a Vegas buffet on the strip.  Every time I go, we end up eating somewhere else.  So, this time around, we were staying at Caesar's and decided to try the buffet on our last day.  It looked so nice from the outside.  We went for Brunch which cost 50 bucks, I was pretty surprised at the price tag, but I learned that this was the norm.  LUCKILY, there was NO line when we went, so added bonus!The shock of the price tag  quickly left my head once we were inside.  The buffet is HUGE they had  a section for dessert, American, Italian, Asian, omelet bar, and pancake/waffle station.  I did not know where to start, but after a night of drinking, I really wanted some pho AND THEY HAD IT!  Not only that, but the pho was pretty good.  Actually, everything I tasted was pretty yummy.  I mean buffet food has that reputation of being sub-par, but EVERY dish was delish.  I would love to come back here and splurge for dinner!  Thank you bacchanal for making my first Vegas buffet experience awesome ^^.
5	Crab legs, mussels, oysters, clams, shrimp, sushi, dim sum, middles, rice porridge, bbq, sliders, fries, sausages, cheeses, steak, ribs, tacos, macarons, pie, cake, gelato, etc. That's only scratching the surface of what this place had! And it was all delicious! Thinking about it makes me hungry right now! There's pretty much something for everyone here. The wait to get in was horrendous, but that's what happens when it's a buffet considered the best in town. If anything, it'll just make you hungrier when you get inside. Definite must try.
4	The biggest buzz...i get that there are many different buffets and i get that not everything that glitters is gold...This place does satisfy the appetite of the tourists. But i don't know if it stands out as much...we saw crab legs, oysters, asian cuisines, italian, mexican, etc...a whole island of desserts.I feel like wicked spoon was more impressive.
5	Provides you these cute things to protects your fingers from picking up the hold plates! WOWZER! Word of advice, holiday prices are WAY higher than normal. All worth it, was here 4th of July weekend, got there around 11 ish and there was no line. Freshly squeeze juices, cucumber, watermelon and orange. King Crab legs, eat them cold and steamed, fresh oysters and headless shrimp! You have your American, Italian, Mexican and Asian. You really can't go wrong at all. Fresh food, great tasting, portions are small but enough for you to sample and try everything! You name it, they have it. American-burgers, pulled pork sandwiches, mac and cheese, chicken and waffles, 4 different kinds of French fries, eggs, bacon, sausage, eggs Benedict, blueberry pancakes and the list goes on...Asian-dim sum items, fresh sushi, miso soup and if you pay attention, they also serve PHO, yes PHO!!! Maybe only on holidays weekend but I was too late since I was stuffed already. Mexican-Tamales, taquitos, Spanish rice, beans, Chile relenos, tacos, street corns (mayo and parmesan cheese style)...the list goes on Prime rib, steak and beef ribs. Yes, they have that too! Dessert was my favorite, I felt like being in the Willy Wonka movie, all kinds of goodies and treat. Macaroons, cakes, cupcakes, crepes, gelatos, taffy, jelly beans and much more....Service was excellent, I really couldn't have had a nicer experience at a buffet. Price is up there, it's all worth it. I believe we stayed 2 hours to get our money worth!
4	The wait is long... so don't come here NOT expecting to wait. If you are impatient, ask your friends to line up for you... that's what I did =)The selection of food was good. American, japanese, Chinese, italian, meat, seafood, desert... its a buffet, the more variety the better. The quality of the food is definitely better than your average vegas buffets. Many of my friends choose this over the other ones. I don't go buffets much but I can say I will for sure come back next time... and have my friends wait for me LOL jp
5	This place was great!!! Juices galore, sausages by the feet, fried eggs with steak skirt....nothing bad on this menu expect maybe the dish with quail eggs (but I wasn't brave  enough to try). All of the food was fabulous!!! Will most definitely be back everytime we are in Vegas! Stop in and give it a try!!! I believe we only paid $56 for a weekday brunch for both of us. Just the desserts alone was with it!!!Don't pass this one by!!!
3	There's definitely an amazing selection of food at Bacchanal, sure to please the most discerning of diners in Vegas. I visited this much hyped buffet last weekend, but unfortunately was unable to really get my $60's worth since I started feeling unwell once we sat down at the table (thanks to the hard shots I took earlier in the afternoon - never consume alcohol on a near empty stomach!). Fortunately, Bacchanal has the likes of pho and this God-like Chinese chicken ginseng soup (which comes in little pots, too), and after a few of those, I started to feel a bit better. I grabbed a few plates of good stuff and scoured some of the desserts, but like said, I just feel I didn't eat up to anywhere near what I paid for.The set up and design of the buffet is modern, but has the elegance that Vegas buffets are known for. The biggest downer for me aside from how my head was hurting was the service. Our waitress technically did do her job, but drinks came slow and she even served two guests in our party by slamming cups down when we asked for coffee. Not very professional (accidental or not), and we were given one carafe with a broken spout. Also, given that our party was billed a 15% gratuity fee since we had a large group (which might I add totaled to near $100), we expected service to be up to par. Not cool.I'm disappointed due to personal reasons, but I know I will definitely be back again to redeem myself. And for sure no more pre-alcohol next time!
4	What's a trip to Las Vegas without experiencing a buffet?  Hearing great things about the Caesar's Buffet, we decided to give it a try.  We arrived at 5 pm to beat the rush.  Most items, were well-stocked, however many were lukewarm.  As the restaurant became busier, food became hotter and fresher.Overall food presentation was nice.  I enjoy the small plates, which helps me control my portions and try many different items.  They were especially slow to refill the oysters, which I found annoying.  I stopped by a couple of times and saw an empty tray.  I wish they had different seasoning options for the crab legs, not just the standard cocktail sauce and butter.  The mini sliders were tasty, and the black chicken soup hit the spot when it was served hot.  Service was ok.  Our waitress was MIA at the beginning of the meal, but service improved through out the meal.Overall a good experience and value at $40/person.
3	I have been craving getting down with a buffet for a LONG time now - blame it on a year of wedding planning and watching what I eat - but the last few months I have constantly been saying to my hubby "Let's just drive to LV and buffet!!" Of course he would look at me and say "Uh huh...sure sure" bc obviously driving 5 hours to stuff oneself is not very practical.Finally, though, we came with some friends/fam for July 4th weekend (note to self - avoid the 7/4 weekend! Absolute havoc). After reading good reviews for the new Caesar's buffet we decided to do Bacchanal the morning before we drove back to LA. We dragged our butts up at 8am, got a workout in (to reduce the guilt a smidge) and I sent the hubby to get in line at 9am. When he showed up, though, there was absolutely nobody there AND there was an early bird special to pay I believe $32.99 instead of 40.99 if you come before 9:30am. If you have a Total Rewards card you get $1.00 off too.Of course the problem with being an early bird is that the "better" stuff may not be there (ie the more unique dinner items, etc.). There was a great spread though - fresh crepes, pancakes, waffles, eggs, pastries, gelato, fruit, salads, salsa, chinese food, meats (prime rib, ribs, sausages), cute little mini meals (ie small corned beef hashes), enough fried food to clog at least one artery per person, shrimp cocktail and king crab legs, omelets made to order, deserts, etc. etc. The food was certainly plentiful but as always, quantity does not make up for quality. The best thing was the king crab legs while everything else was subpar - unfortunately, the small pre-made portions = dried out food. There wasn't anything especially unique or delicious. The shrimp were slimy and a lot of the food just didn't seem that freshly made. All said, it was OK but didn't wow me or show me why it was deserving of being the "best buffet." Of course, we still stuffed oursevlves silly - I mean, we did just plunk down some $$ (we ate so much we didn't actually eat anything again until 8/9pm that night. And even then all I could muster room up for was some fruit).
3	I came to Bacchanal on a whim for lunch with a few co-workers and I was surprised to see so few vegetable dishes. There were plenty of meat dishes and noodles but not a lot of roasted vegetables for those who aren't into meat and carbs. As for desserts, I thought the items offered were very typical with nothing that stood out or made me go "wow, I must consume that!" I left disappointed and wanting for more.
3	My friend really wanted to try Bacchanal since its the newest buffet place in Vegas, so we came here around 6:30 on a Thursday night. I have to say after eating Wicked Spoon at Cosmo, Wynn buffet and Aria's buffet..and all other buffets that I had in vegas in the past, Bacchanal is definitely OVERRATED. I talked to some people who live in Vegas  on our way back from Bacchanal, and they all said it's just okay, and they all agree that its a toss up between Aria's and Cosmo's buffet as the best buffet in town. So let me describe to you why this place is..just...okay.1. the food selection was not as good as Wicked Spoon in terms of Asian food. I liked seeing the sushi chef making fresh sashimi and sushi at the sushi bar at Wicked Spoon, and the seafood definitely looked more fresh there than the ones I saw at Bacchanal. The only good Asian dish I had was the chicken soup, it was a little bitter because there's tiny pieces of ginseng, so that's the only thing I liked at the Asian selection.2. Also, I didn't see anything unique about Bacchanal, and the selection for dessert was really standard...I was expecting the macarons to be good since I saw a lot of pictures of Macarons on yelp. But the taste of those macarons were not what I expected. Overall, I have to say I rather spend 50 bucks at Wicked spoon for dinner and 40 bucks at Aria's buffet for brunch... ( you get 2 complimentary buffet if you stay at Aria for two or more nights...) and Bacchanal is just one of those restaurants you probably want to go since it has been hyped up so much by friends and yelp reviews...but honestly in my opinion, I would pick Wicked spoon as my vegas buffet destination.
4	On Thursday of last week I decided to try out Caesar's Palace's dinner buffet. It was the most expensive meal that I've ever treated myself to, but I can honestly say that it was worth it. The experience went a little something like this:My friend and I entered the line that wove in a maze of black ropes and carpet with intricate detailing. Already famished from a full day of walking, we waited in line for about an hour until we got to pay the $48 per person tab. Once we entered we were greeted with cream linen furniture, classy stained glass room separators, and sassy glass adorned light fixtures, brimming with people. Then came the stations. Mexican, Japanese, Southern, Chinese, American, Italian, Thai, Seafood... it was overwhelming. We started with 8 plates and then another round of 'real food' before we took a second break and headed for dessert. Tiramisu, cookies, mochi, gelato, red velvet cake, carrot cake, molten lava cake, pizookies, custard, fresh berries, brownies, chocolate-dipped strawberries, apple pie, bread pudding, and those are only the items we managed to take advantage of. All this 5-star food in one place- available for consumption? A recipe for a full heart and stomach. And the indigestion to follow was the only detraction from 5 star rating, even though it's partially my fault.
1	I cannot write a fair review for the food because we did not try it but I can say that they need to reconsider their price structure.When we arrived to the cashier she informed be that the bill for, 3 kids and 2 adults, was $298.00 including tip.Now, considering that the kids were 9, 11, 13, I will consider the price outrageous even for Las Vegas standard.For this price, nobody will ever be able to convince me about anything positive for this place.
2	Food is just OK,Bellagio or wicked spoon is Way better. Customer service SUCKS big time especially that manager/leader on duty saturday night named JAMIE and that guy RYAN who was very rude and unprofessional.They need to take customer service classes from disney and nordstrom or better yet FIND another JOB.After waiting in line for 2 1/2 hours you guys need to know how to service your customers better.And i am not even complaining on the time we waited coz like anyone else we waited patiently, its just unbelievable how that girl Jamie can give me a remark to just leave my kids outside, how DARE you say that, same goes with that other guy. You both need to get FIRED.Very unsatisfied customer here:(
5	Definitely worth the 1.5 hour wait! Almost EVERYTHING was delicious...well seasoned and flavorful. I highly recommend the lamb chops and the seafood station (crab legs YES PLEASE!). The desserts are also nice and one of the few buffets that actually offer mochi, as well as cute cake pops. Desserts are also not cloyingly sweet, and it cools off the palate comfortably, rather than a shock of sugar. Macarons (blueberry, pistachio, coffee, and orange) are flavored from the filling; the outside shell is all the same almond flavor, just colored differently so do note that. Things I don't recommend, since some things are not as awesome (understandably so, as there is a LOT of stuff to eat). I would not get the sushi, as it is mostly rice and not much else. The seaweed has an overly fishy taste to it, and some of the sides were not that great (guacamole is only meh). Of course, these are all rather minor, and rest assured that the main stars of the show are all as delicious as they look (meats and seafood). Dessert-wise, everything was pretty decent, but I did not like the custard cups (one is passionfruit and the other is some blue-purple cup-boysenberry or blackberry?) and some of the ice creams seemed a bit diluted (thai tea had barely any flavor). If I were to go again--rather, if I want to bust my pants again (6 plates, 4 dessert this time), I would attempt to binge less on desserts and load up on more seafood. Alas, I have a sweet tooth, so we shall see...
5	This is the ultimate Vegas buffet experience. There was a giant wait, but we paid $15 each to scoot to the front of the line--totally worth it. I've been for both brunch (bonus: unlimited champagne) and for dinner. Both times, we found amazing, world class food.
5	BEST BUFFET EVER. LITERALLY. WORTH THAT $55! BETTER THAN WICKED SPOON. Gosh this place is amazing. I was dying to come here. This place is super spacious and the table spacing itself is huge! Big enough for my numerous plates of food! Bacchanal is like a fancy restaurant serving EVERYTHING and ANYTHING you could imagine. Even their Asian dishes are pretty bomb. I underestimated their pho/ramen/udon (geez tons of noodle bowl choices right?) but wow they were even better than a cheap Asian restaurant! I went straight to the crab legs! Theres stacks and stacks of crab and it is all FRESH! So happy they cut it open for you, so all you have to do is, EAT! We were there for breakfast continuing onto lunch and their eggs and sausage were so tasty! They keep the food vibrant in color and it honestly tastes as good as it looks. There was a cute little chili dog station with fries, and sweet potatoes. The meat station with ribs and prime rib was pretty popular, but I didn't feel like eating that. It was nice to see the Mexican, pizza and soup and salad stations, but I just ate the crabs and went straight to the desserts right after! Their gelato wasn't too impressive. But their cakes were! I am a sucker for Pan Cotta and they had amazing pan cotta trio with chocolate and mango! Honestly you need to experience this place for yourself! You would feel like you're in FOOD HEAVEN here!
3	I will start with all the cons for this one first. The line. We got there right at noon and there was a Disneyland like line. I'd say it was about an hour or two wait. I heard the people in front of us talk about an express line so we tried that. Turns about you have to buy the 24 hr buffet pass plus all these other fees to cut everyone else in line. Total came slightly more than 100. We didn't want to wait so we just paid. When we got in, there was still more lines for the more popular items (seafood, steak, etc). Because of the long line, it even blocked access for food that weren't popular. So you didnt really know what people were lining up for, just that there was a line.Now to the pros. The servers were great. Got our drink orders immediately and even gave me a plate. The lady was super kind. The kind you would tip extra for. The place is nicely decorated. Very modern feel. Vibrate colors. Food was good. Small portion plates. I would totally love this place if it wasn't for the lines to get in and the line to get food. Food and service were fine.
5	Best buffet everrrrrrrr! Worth the money. Foodgasm overload! Seafood/shellfish on point and easily accessible. Dessert table is amazing! Great service as well. Very expensive and can get very crowded very fast. Just don't eat all day and get there early like 5:30 lol. That's what ended up doing and we didn't wait at all and had the best buffet experience everrrrr!
4	I only selected four stars because they didn't have oysters. Besides that, everything was delicious!!!!
4	Came here for brunch.Foods okay.Loved the congee, better than The Buffet @ Wynn & loved their beef brisket.
5	HOLY BUFFET, BATMAN!  Bacchanal is were it's at.  We went for the lunch buffet on a Friday afternoon and the line wasn't too long at like 1:00 p.m.  I think we waited about 25 minutes to get in.  Lunch buffet is about $36 with tax and it's worth every penny.When you enter, it's like looking at endless counters of food... they just keep going and going and going.  There's so much food that it's impossible to even sample one of everything.  The counters are organized by region (type of cuisine) and there's everything from Thai, Japanese, Tex-Mex, southern, seafood, salads and desserts.  Must eats: compote of pureed potatoes with truffle, beet salad, biscuits and gravy, short rib and sushi.  The fresh cutlery counter is fabulous and offers sausage, ribs and other meats for the slicing.  I advise avoiding the Tex-Mex just because the stuff wasn't very good.  Tortillas were all greasy, chips were greasy and the fajita fixins were mediocre.  The desserts were fabulous and there's a fairly large gelato counter that I highly recommend visiting.  The fig and balsamic gelato is excellent.  Cheesecake was good, cake pops good, sorbets good, carrot cake mediocre (sad).  All in all, worth a visit and the wait, even if you're not staying in Caesar's.
4	Delicious but expensive. Fresh squeezed juices if you go for brunch. They also have some of the freshest oysters and crab but many dishes are super salty. The prime rib has salt rubbed all over the outside.  You will not be able to eat the outer portion. Their leg of lambs or "lamb lollipops" as their butcher calls it are delicious and well-seasoned. Even my dog thought so. :)What really sets Bacchanal apart though is the wide selection of asian cuisine. Pho was actually very good. Much better than some restaurants out there. Some of the sushi is fresh but if that's all you're looking for go to Goyemon which is off the strip.Pistachio macaroons and mochi ice cream are the best deserts. Maybe because I get to eat them very rarely.
3	I was pleasantly surprised at the selection of the more authentic asian foods available. There was an abundance of crab legs, but not lobster. Just lobster chowder. The prime rib and brisket were delicious. The desserts were pretty but left a bit to be desired. Overall, it was a pleasant experience, but I'm not sure if it's worth the price. It's a popular buffet, so be prepared to wait in line. We arrived at 9:00 and still waited for about 25 minutes.
4	For some reason I expected a lot more from this buffet, may be all the hype set my expectations higher. There is a ton of choice and the food was great but lacks in service, we asked for water some 10 times and got one refill. Also, they try to make you add the tip to the bill when you check in, I really don't like the idea because I want to be able to tip based on the service. The service we got really did not deserve even a dollar in tip. The buffet is pricy, to really make up for the price and the hour wait to get in ...  you better be really hungry :).
3	Large buffet featuring an assortment of foods: American, Italian, Asian, Mexican, seafood, and so many dessert options. 3.5 starsFood: 3.5, atmosphere: 4, service: 4Cost to worth it rating: 3 ($35 for weekday lunch)Return worthiness: maybeHighlights:- Asian area: the best station for me. Usually you get impostors, but the cha sui baos were legit: soft buns and sweet insides without fat. Also enjoyed the large cha sui pieces and duck.- Italian: the spinach ravioli in vodka sauce and meatball were really good. I liked the single little dishes they put out for taste portions - Deep fried broccoli cheese casserole: surprising favorite - American plating: loved the little buckets for the tater tots and waffle fries and the mini fry basket with a piece of fried chicken and sweet potato fries- Brisket: nice rub on the outside and liked the option of BBQ sauces- Red velvet whoopie pie: soft and on point flavors for a authentic rendition - Dessert variety: from cupcakes and cookies to bread pudding to unique gelato flavors to made to order crepes to sugar free desserts and  more, there was tons to choose fromMidlights:- Good amount of empty spots: those items looked good but guess they were so popular they ran out Lowlights:- Shrimp: cold one tasted a bit fishy and the hot one with heads were overlooked - Spicy fried fish: was excited for this dish but wasn't that great--probably because it was sitting out- Meat inconsistency: some was drySome items were great but as with most buffets others were mediocre. If you're a dessert person you might like it. I'd consider coming back, but won't be in a rush and wouldn't stand in a long line for it.
5	OH HELLO BUFFET!!!I'd like to preface by saying that I typically hate buffets- and I'm talking the entire concept of them. My boyfriend convinced me that this place would go against my numerous buffet stereotypes. It's a rare occurrence, but he was right.The place is bigger than it looks. Upon arrival, you see the luscious seafood section. Piles and piles of crab legs (which you can also get steamed) and pounds of cocktail shrimp. Heaven? If not... it's close. They had a meat section, which I refused to wait in the line for. I tried my boyfriend's ham, which was very juicy. Along with the meats they had American food- chicken wings, french fries, onion rings, every carb you could think of, corn, and other veggies that they somehow made into fatty goodness. The Asian section included not only the typical Chinese dishes, but they had dim sum, sushi, edamame, miso soup, and pretty sure I even spied a pho section. The asian food was very scrumptious (my boyfriend agreed which says something since he's Asian). The salad section was large and good. They had breakfast too. An Italian section with pastas and my personal favorite: salami, pepperoni, prosciutto and an assortment of cheeses. YUM!!!!!!!! Dessert was crazy... crepe selections, gelato, chocolate covered everything, and tons of fruits.. even good macaroons. The service was good- what you'd expect from a buffet, but they didn't let dirty plates rest on your table. I liked it... and my iced tea was never empty. I ate my heart out here... but I wasn't letting that $45 entry fee go to waste. I'll be back... next time I'm starving in Vegas after I get over my hangover.
4	First off, the price is RIDICULOUS! It is probably the most expensive buffet on the strip. Being an avid Wicked Spooner, I felt guilty for trying Bacchanal because I didn't want to fall in love with the place but, I FAILED. I did fall in love with it.My boyfriend & I visited around late lunch time on a Tuesday. No crowd (yet) which was good. You walk in & it's seriously an array of food heaven. Fresh juice, oysters, all your favorite carved meats, Asian cuisine, etc. We personally loved eating the fresh oysters (they run out fast, so get em quick), duck, sweet potato tots, sushi cone rolls, fresh watermelon juice, peach green tea & definitely the desserts. Had some meringue, crepes with nutella, thai tea ice cream & french toast ice cream.You have to come extremely hungry so you can get your money's worth! I've heard people also come in around 3PM-ish so you can get both lunch and dinner entrees, since they don't kick you out. Overall it was a great foodventure, expensive, but great nonetheless.
5	I hated Cosmo's Wicked Spoon, so I was worried about risking so much money to be disappointed again ... but sweet watermelon minty jesus, Bacchanal Buffet was EXCELLENT!  I paid $48 for dinner on Tuesday night, and waited about half an hour to get in at 5:30, and ten minutes to get seated.My gal pal and I take turns going up for food, so one stays with purses, and we each fill a plate with small bites of things to try.  For example, I make a plate and bring it back, she takes bites of anything she's interested in, then she goes up to fill a plate while I eat the rest.  It's a great way for us not to waste a bunch of food, and we get to share opinions bite by bite -- then make a second or third trip to get more of what we liked best.For me, the best dinner item was the sweet potato tater tots.  The skin is crispy, the inside gooey, and they're glazed with a salty sweet syrup caramelized shell.  So simple, and yet ... amazeballs!  I also high five the staff for their excellent ceviche, chicken marsala, spicy fried fish, and charcuterie.  One slice of ribeye steak was great, but the next was fatty and awful (the flank steak too.)  I was so-so on the lamb, and the other veg choices.Next time I'll remember to leave LOTS of room for dessert, and FILL UP on watermelon mint sorbet.  Maybe the best dessert ever?  Tho I'm usually gaga for french macaroons and mochi.  But I prefer mochi in mango, which they skipped ... and their macaroons had great shells, but the inner cookie was too moist, and too much filling, too thick.  The center should be like a sweet adhesive only, not a thick band of firm chocolate ganash.  Generally too much sugar in most of the desserts, and tho some say the dinner is overly salty as well, I like salt and thought everything had the right levels.If I have guests in town who want the best buffet and can afford a real treat, I would def go back.  :-D
5	As far as Vegas Buffets go, this one is awesome!  Huge selection of food.  Great seafood and desserts!  At 49.99 it is pretty expensive, but everything is expensive in Vegas.  Wait can be extremely long so arrive early.  We got there at 4:30pm on a Saturday, and there was no line.  However, when we left at about 6 the line stretched past the zigzag line and went almost to the casino floor.  Bottom line: this buffet is expensive but definitely worth the price.  Get there EARLY to avoid a 2 hour plus wait!
5	Came on my birthday! In June...I absolutely loved this place. I tried a bunch of weirdo things I don't normally eat...seafood related, and the dessert island was incredible. My favorite things there was sushi, meat and cheese plates, macarons, and big ass chocolate dipped strawberries.
4	My father and I came here right at the end of lunch service on a weekday and paid around $35/person to get in and stayed for dinner (saving money). The place is well decorated, but not gaudy. It has a more modern, restaurant feel to it rather than a buffet. There are 9 stations each with different styles/ethnic food (i.e. Mexican,Chinese, American, & Italian) and a big island of dessert. The staff were attentive and nice, and plates were cleared out very quickly. But on to the food.I think the buffet tries to bring a more foodie sense of eating to diners through their variety and offers. Do not expect there to be king crab leg on a weekday as they only serve split snow crab legs. There are 3-4 selections of shooters (soups in shot glasses), all of which were pretty good. The raw oysters are decently fresh, but usually hacked up due to the speed at which they're prepared (they go fast, so once you see them putting the oysters out you should go for it).(GOOD)The prime rib was decent and the cuts were very large. The lamb lollipops were good, with every piece I got coming out to medium-rare/rare (you should tell them how you want it so they can find the piece that's closest to that temp). They brought out a thing called a "veal ship" later in the service which was good too, but at that point I was going to explode. The sweet potato fries and tater tots were very good (though greasy) and were probably one of the best things at the buffet. There's a thing called the "chef special" which was scallop that day, which was very good as well. The cheese and charcuterie are decent for a buffet, the salad line is pretty extensive, and there is a dedicated bread section too.(BAD)The Asian line should be completely avoided. Everything there was bad, including the hot and sour soup, which my father commented on as containing "nothing but corn starch". The sushi was "meh", as expected. The fish dishes were consistently overcooked and dried out so I didn't even try them. I avoided the Mexican and Italian stands as there were a lot of carbs there, pasta is almost 99.9% going to be mediocre-bad at a buffet, and I'm from Texas so I've had great Tex-Mex & authentic Mexican food already (no point in trying something I know will disappoint).(GREAT)Save. Room. For. Dessert. Between plates of other food I'd stop by the dessert station to grab a couple sweet treats and bring them back to the table and we still couldn't get through it all. There is a station that makes crepes to order (and you get to put on your own fillings/toppings), there're macarons, many tiny dessert plates, and a dedicated ice cream,sorbet, and mochi ice cream bar. Honestly the dessert bar is better than more than half the stations in the buffet.This buffet was good, but very pricey. I'd probably come here after winning big at the tables or for a celebration, but that's about it. I hinted to it at the beginning of the review, but it's more worth it to come near the end of lunch and get in at lunch prices for dinner. You simply graze a bit while you wait for them to shift gears. And just a tip, the lamb lollipops, veal ship, and other dinner menu items came out later at around 5-6 so don't think that what they have at 3:30 is the only thing they have for dinner.
5	I don't know where to start. The food is phenomenal. Steam crab legs is the top of my list, the ceviche, the oyster shooters, prime rib, the hot & spicy soup in the Chinese food section. Jeez I wish I can name all the food and tell it how it taste. BEST BUFFET IN LAS VEGAS, HANDS DOWN. I've been to a lot of buffets in Vegas and I thought The M Buffet was good, but after coming here.... "WOW!!! Now I know why they call this place Bacchanal named after Bacchus" That was my reaction when eating the food there. Note: Must try the Peach Tea.
5	Best buffet on the Strip, it's a must! The flavor and authentic style with amazing presentations!
3	I have sung the praises of Bacchanal in my previous reviews, but for dinner the price is just too steep and the quality, not quite up to where I had expected. I actually believe that the brunch buffet at Bacchanal is more worth it - for 40 ish you get unlimited mimosas, sangrias, etc and an expansive fresh juice selection. For dinner, $50 bucks gets you an impressive selection of meats and seafood, but no booze. The line can also be insanely long - luckily my buddy had his diamond card and we were immediately ushered in and seated - by the time we finished, the people we originally stood in line with were just finally making their way to pay. I also preferred brunch because they had smoked salmon, red velvet pancakes, among other options. For the price of dinner ($50 ish), you'd be better served trying out a nice restaurant than gorging at Bacchanal.
4	The GF had never done a Vegas buffet, so we ended up here after a bit of googling and determining that this is apparently the leading contender for Best Buffet.We came on a weekend night, meaning it was just over $50 each, and a 90 minute wait.  The choices are almost overwhelming, and they had pretty much everything you could want.  The real thing that sets it apart from other buffets I've been to (I live in Reno, so a fair amount of experience with them) was the lack of large chaffing dishes.  Most items were cooked in single services - e.g. individual baskets of chicken fingers for kids, small, single-serve cast iron pans of lasagna, etc.  The stuff that wasn't in single serves was in really small dishes, maybe a dozen items.  Many of the items were things that I felt could be served as a regular menu item at most other restaurants.Other things that set this place apart were the fresh shucked oysters, a choice of hot or cold crab legs, and probably close to a dozen choices at the carving stations.The one miss for me was the sushi - this was an exception to the individually prepared items - large trays of nigiri and rolls, and reminding me of a Todai or something.  Quality of the fish was just meh, the rice was not well seasoned, and the cuts of fish were sometimes not properly aligned with the grain of the flesh.I don't think we'd go back, but that's because we've had the experience, and for me, once is enough.  I think if you are looking for that big, grand, Vegas buffet, Bacchanal is probably the epitome of it.
3	I went here because I've heard from a couple people that this place was currently the best buffet in Vegas. I love Vegas buffets, and I love trying new ones. I arrived sort of late on a Thursday night (around 8pm) and waited in line for a solid 45 minutes to get seated. By then I was worried because I only had an hour or so to get my food and eat. The gf and I made our way through the lines to see all of the food. My excitement began when I saw the charcuterie and honey that looked like it was fresh from a honeycomb. I tried a few select choices of meats and some cheese and honey. It was okay. I made my way to some of the other foods including the potato wedges, macaroni and cheese, meat station, and seafood station. The meat station saddened me. Their sausages and prime rib tasted like something I could have gotten at any normal buffet that I would have paid less than $50 for... The seafood was good, but I'm new to oysters and such, so they all tend to taste the same to me. The potato wedges had been left out too long and weren't fresh any more. Mac n cheese was okay. Dessert bar was okay as well. I had some pistachio gelato but I was again unimpressed. I think they just tagged on the name of gelato, but it was just ice cream from a grocery store I'm pretty sure. All in all, it was a mediocre buffet and not worth the $50. I'd much rather go to Wicked Spoon...
1	If you arrive at this most overrated buffet at 6:30pm plan on filling your first plate of dinner at 8:30pm. Once finally in we were excited to eat the much hyped food. The prime rib was dry, the paella tasted like rice out of a bag from the supermarket and the oysters were questionable. For the $51.00 cover price the food definitely wasn't up to par, equally disappointing every single serving spoon I touched was filled with food and stickiness. If you're going to spend this kind of money for dinner there's hundreds of restaurants in Las Vegas and which you will have a much more enjoyable evening.
5	Probably the best buffet in memory. It might be better than the one I had at the Bellagio.The presentation is way beyond what one would normally expect at a buffet. Seemingly meticulously presented shot glasses of soup and gazpacho, little cups and cones of desserts, pleasingly plated netted baskets of waffle fries and fried chicken, the individual portions of lobster bisque and Cajun steamed crawfish, and the single serve bottles of freshly squeezed orange juice (nothing like it!).And it goes beyond mere presentation. They taste as good as they looked, maybe even better at times. The shot glass of ceviche is probably one of the best I've had, if not *the* best. The desserts were fantastic; I'd highly recommend the sugar-free cheesecake and the sugar-free creme brulee. The understated flavours of these two desserts were outright home-runs, touch downs, three-pointers, sixer, goal, or whatever sports-related superlative you might want to use to describe it.The day's chef's special dish of, what I guess, Halibut with shavings of coconut was indeed special! The dim sums were good, and the sushi, passable. I guess no matter what you try, it's just not possible for left-out-in-the-open sushi to compare with made-to-order sushi. But keeping that in mind, the sushi didn't disappoint much.It's funny how the spread is spread out around the corner. When you take a few steps to "that faraway table", you realise there's more just around the corner. And this repeated about three times for me. It was like going down a rabbit-hole --- albeit a very pleasant one. :-)At $38 (inclusive of tax), it's more than bang-for-the-buck.
1	I rather starve myself than come back to this abomination of a buffet. Yes, i went in w/ high expectations because USA TODAY raved it as "best buffet in the nation"  & My friends were all singing its high praises, but still, the food they served ended up offending me. For the price it was, it had no value. The buffet came out to $52 because we had the discount card, but definitely not worth even a dime. Food looked pretty but tasted old, stale, either too flavorful or too bland. I think even drunk me wouldnt have stomached the food they served. They have made to order ramen, pho, and udon, I decided to be brave after wasting 2 full plates of random things to order the ramen. Wow, it was the only thing I was able to continue eating even though said thing was actually too salty. Maybe i went on a bad day, but my whole group was disappointed at this place. If i wanted to dine like that, i woulda gone to the local food court where they have panda express and a burger joint and paid a lil less.
5	We almost left when we saw the price... almost 60 bucks a pop... the most expensive buffet we've been to. But..but..but... wow!! I don't think I've ever thought buffet food could actually taste good but I was wrong. And they had lamb chops!! Its kind of secretly tucked away but lamb chops make you get your moneys worth. My faves- clam bake, shrimp cocktail, mac n cheese, chocolate chip fudge cookie, and steak tacos. Highly recommend if you come on an empty stomach so you can get your moneys worth. Also our servers were awesome!
4	Rounding up from a 3.5 star review! I went for brunch on Saturday, and arrived just before 12p.  The line was not crazy, but when we left it was, so we hit the sweet spot, apparently.  The line moved quickly, and there was even loungy mood music playing, which helped pass the time. The cost was $45/person. This new buffet had beautiful ambiance, natural lighting, friendly staff (the guy at the meat carving station was super friendly!).  The tables were quickly bussed, and the layout was very big! It went on and on.  Mostly everything was clean and replenished often.  They even give you mini-potholders made of plastic to help you grip hot bowls and pans. Small rant:  I HATE those individual serving containers! From mini-pots/pans to baskets, to bowls!! UGH! They take up a lot of room on your plate, you can't really hold them in your other hand, and they are just frustrating in general! I'm at a buffet! Stop trying to restrict my servings! Or at least give me a cafeteria tray so I can put everything there. I was tempted a few times to dump the food out of the fancy-schmancy little dishes and just onto my plate, but I resisted the urge. Rant over.Of course, on a buffet, food can be hit or miss.  I loved the steamed (chilled) shrimp, the seafood pasta, the mushroom risotto, the chicken marsella, and the ribs.  I also thought the ham and cheese croissants were great, and enjoyed the brisket as well.  I also really liked the freshly made crepe- a nice ending to a meal. The coconut shrimp was just ok- I didn't see any sauce for it, and the sweet potato tater tots were great!  I had a small bite of the sliders, and they were tasty too.I tried some of the Asian offerings- the spicy fish was super spicy (lots of chili pepper), and the dumplings were fine.  I skipped the pizza and most of the pasta selections. There were also sushi offerings and a few Mexican items too.On the negative side, the crab legs (which can be steamed upon request), were rather puny, and the mac&cheese was nothing great. Neither was the fried chicken in the chicken and waffle basket (not very seasoned).  I was pretty disappointed with the French toast too (bland).  The bread pudding seemed to be the only thing that wasn't refreshed- it looked old and picked over.On balance, I still think the M buffet is tops around.  Next, I'd probably give the edge to Wicked Spoon, because their food is a bit more flavorful.All in all, I'm glad I finally checked it out, but isn't going to be a must-do on my buffet list.
5	We've been back and it's still the best buffet around!  The lamb chops were absolutely divine, my favorite item!  Too bad it's so darn expensive!
5	This is probably my favorite buffet in Vegas!Price: ~$40 for lunch. The line wasn't too bad. Dinner would be ~$50-- but there's macarons + snow crab legs (I think).A TON OF VARIETY! For lunch, the best stuff are the prime rib selection, oyster shooters, and sweet potato tater tots (trust me, they're amazing. I believe they're honey glazed too).Oh, and fresh juice in these super cute jars!Dim Sum!Okay, that's all I have for now. Until then, hope you have fun catching this short review while getting ready for Vegas ya'lls!
5	Hands down best buffet in Vegas. Better than Wicked Spoon, and Wynn, and Bellagio.Their seafood - wowow you have king crab legs, oysters on the half shell, plump and fresh shrimp cocktail, and more!Their meats - you get your standard prime rib, and turkey, etc. but they have amazing marinated lamb chops! *droolsOh yeah another item for-shizz worth mentioning: truffle potatoes. Is that the actual name? Who cares, truffle potatoes speak for itself. I can't even begin to describe their dessert bar. Its nothing short of HOLY FUCKING SHIT THAT IS GOOOOOOD. You have fresh crepes, fresh creams, fresh sauces, macaroons, cakes, cake pops, cookies, souffles (made to order!), GELATO, etc. etc...... I'd sacrifice a day at the day club to get fat here. Or would I...? #firstworldproblems
5	By far the most amazing buffet I have ever been to! It is clearly the best in Las Vegas and in my opinion it is the best period. The place is very nicely decorated and the environment is that of a very nice restaurant. The service is great and they are on point. The food was amazing and I dont think there was a single thing I didnt like. The meat section is the largest selection ive ever seen and it is delicious. The lamb was perfect and the brisket and ribs are better then most bbq restaurants. The kobe beef sliders are also better than most burger restaurants. The seafood sections is amazing and there is endless real king crabs not kust snow crabs like a lot of the other buffets. There is also italian and asian and mexican and most things are cooked to order. The mac and cheese is the best ever. I will definatly make this place a regular place to visit. It is expensive at 50 dollars but worth every dollar.
3	Ate a ton of crab legs, always good but they were kind of falling apart as if they were in water for too long (after being cut.)Oysters were SUPER FRESH and lovely. Ceviche was delishBrisket smelled amazing and smokey but it was chewy, I was looking fwd to it falling apart as it should. I got a gigantic piece of fat with little meat :(Fried chicken good but a little dry / Sweet potato fries were good. Mashed potatoes were a buttery bomb - SO good.Mac 'n Cheese a-okay.Baked Beans, delish.Sliders - ridiculously AMAZINGAsian food, just ok, not a lot of flavor and everything kind of tasted the same. The meats were tender though.hot & sour was good and super spicy. Dim Sum kind of been sitting there for a bit - it was late.Mango juice delish.Deserts - Amazing. Loved the cheesecakes and mochi ice cream (green tea especially)Bottom line, check was like $200 almost with a bottle of wine (not the best I've tasted but I didn't order it). Left very full but somewhat satisfied.
4	I got there at 2:30. Waited in line and paid at 3:07. Because we paid at 3:07, we were charged dinner prices. Fail. With tax, dinner is $55. While the buffet is good, quality is never as good as a fine dining restaurant. I hate how they split the king crab legs open. All that lost flavor! But its warm. But it has almost no crab flavor. The ramen broth is really good. :) The lamb chops were also really tasty. Fatty deliciousness. It's also cooked medium-rare-ish. I loved that!  The ribs - salty. The prime rib - overcooked. I forgot what else I had, but I tend to stay away from fillers at a buffet.
4	Buffets are never a good option for me since I never eat enough and also don't really appreciate the "expensive' items as much as others.That said, I really enjoyed Bacchanal for a number of other reasons. They have a huge selection that varies from traditional Chinese Black Chicken Soup (with Ginseng) to little baskets of Fried Chicken and Fries.I personally really enjoyed the Bolognese (but I tend to love anything with Marinara/Meat Sauce). The dessert selection was pretty extensive but I found it odd that there was a 2-Mochi limit, when there was a free-for-all for the crab legs.The overall quality of the food seemed pretty good to me and I really enjoyed the Spicy Poke (it is surprisingly spicy).One thing I really wished they had more of was fruit, I know the typical buffet goer might not feel the same, but the limited selection of fruit was kind of sad.The decor is super cute and my girls and I were lucky enough to get a semi-private room. The service was great and the waiters were kind enough to assist me with my bachelorette party scavenger hunt by suggesting a male escort.Make sure you get there early enough to avoid the lines! If you have a party of 10 or more they will charge you gratuity right off the bat. Overall, the buffet was pretty good but not necessarily worth the price for someone like me.
3	This place is just OK.  Nothing special. I read the other comments before going there and expected food to taste super. I was disappointed. Macrons had too much fillings, way too sweet, and the crusts were too thick and not crunchy.  Prime rib was too dry.  Crab legs were good, but other buffet places have that also. Shrimp cocktails were too well done.  Just another Vegas buffet.
3	After having tried almost all the buffets in Vegas at one time or another I waited to try this one last because of the bar that was set in my mind.We went Monday night and well...  It just fell flat.After standing in line for a half hour just to be seated and paying $50 per head I just wasn't that all impressed.  Perhaps it didn't meet the standards I'd set in my head after reading all the rave reviews.The oysters were not good.  If anyone has ever been to the Gulf of Mexico and had fresh oysters from Apalachichola then you'll know what good oysters are supposed to taste like.  They should be cold, fresh and briny (salt) just like the ocean.  These tasted like warm tap water...blah!  The crab legs were just like every other buffet in Vegas.  No better, no worse.The meat selection was really good!  The brisket and lamb chops were just incredible and I've eaten a lot of BBQ here in the south so it's safe to say I know BBQ.I didn't try the Mexican as I simply didn't have room, but the line was constantly full.I loved the truffled potatoes and mushroom risotto. I also really enjoyed the fresh made udon noodle bowl next to the Asian section.The sushi was not very good at all!  Don't waste your time.  It looked like it was prepared by my 11 yr old.  Just a ball of rice with a piece of fish that looked like it was hacked with a meat cleaver.  The fish had started to dry out and had a little funk to it.Now the dessert section was a homerun.  I tried the multiple flavors of mochi and sorbet.  I could not get enough of the thai tea sorbet and the mango chili lime sorbet.  They were top notch!All in all I had a nice meal but it was nowhere near the hype.
5	#1 Buffet in Las Vegas for a good reason! Good service with interesting varieties of delicious food. My friend and I spent a good 2 hours of eating to find one surprise after another. I want to come back for more because apparently I missed some items to try. Eating at a nice buffet in Vegas is the good life!Overall, everything was appetizing, fresh, and delicious. There were some highlights and few, minor twilight. I didn't get to try everything I wanted but I still enjoyed my meal. My best tip for first timers is to get a brief tour from the waiting staff/host to know where everything is (someone mentioned alligator meat, I gotta come back to try!).Highlights: The fresh oysters, shrimp n' grits, lamb chop, sweet potato tater tots. The oysters were so rich and delicious, the lamb chop was marinated and cooked to perfection, the sweet potato tater tots were some sweet, delicious surprise because it was glazed with either honey or maple syrup. My favorite desserts were green tea mochi icecream, pistachio souffle, macaron, and thai tea gelato (YEAH THAI TEA)! I enjoyed drinking horchata and mango juice that were offered by the mexican selections. Tip on souffle: After you order the souffle, best thing to do is set an alarm on your phone for 10 minutes. (It's all about getting it out at the right time for delicious souffle) You want to get the proper timing and best result for the souffle. The people working on your souffle won't forget your face in 10 minutes so just be sure to remember to pick it up and add icing! Pistachio was delicious!!~Twilights: The few things I didn't like or did not find special were the chef special fish and prime rib. I thought the chef special fish was not so special, it was very bland to me. And the prime rib was overcooked and did not melt in my mouth (I definitely prefer Wynn's prime rib more).You're most likely going to have a good time eating since you're paying $50+. Another tip about these kind of buffet is eat very few stuff that you eat often (to me, Chinese/Asian food), much more of what you hardly eat (like oysters, lamb chop), and try 1 or 2 dish that can be new to you (like alligator meat).
3	We were on a return trip to LV and becuase we had some friends who loved this buffet we decided to give it another try, maybe it was "grand opening" issues that they worked out.I will say the lines were not near as long, we went this time on a Sunday night.  The meat station still had a line that you had to wait in, in my opinion this is becuase all the meat is centered around a 6 foot carving station unlike other buffets where they may have multiple carving stations.The food quality was as good as Wynn or Bellagio but I wouldnt say heads an shoulders better for the price.Just OK in my book.  I wouldnt say no to going back but I think I would be just as happy at the others.
5	First time I ate here it was during the Grand Opening and the food was a bit cold.  I have since have eaten here several times and it looks as if they have got all of the kinks out.  The selection is amazing and the service is outstanding.  As a Diamond member in the TR program I get to skip the long line which is fantastic!!!  Love the buffet and I love Ceasars Palace.  The managers for the restaurant are always on the floor talking to the guest and I love this,  it really shows they care about the place.
5	Amazing.New restaurant plus it looks very classy as well!The food is just magnificent! Though their are many buffets at Las Vegas this was one of the best I have ever been in! They have food from Chinese, Mexican, Italian, Japanese, Seafood and etc. The line up LOOKS very long but as you line up you will notice how quickly the line up actually is. Plus if you have a lot of people you can go to a "vip" line where you do not have to wait as long.Like many other buffet at Las Vegas the price is around $40 for adults and $20 for kids, it is all worth it! The food, the atmosphere, the variety, the appearance is just beautiful and astonishing! Highlights(Food):Calamari, Dimsum, Crab legs, Other seafood, the meat section(steak, lamb, chops ribs...etc.), ice cream, Mochi, Macarons, The salad bar, fresh Oysters and GelatoTIP: *Do not waste money to but a drink when they ask you. If u go get food you will notice they already serve fresh juice in a nice cup (don't waste money)       * If you have 8 or more people you would need to pay 18% tax. If you do not mind you can split up your family and ask to be near each otherMost important thing;For you who loves sweets and pastry. They do have Ice cream Mochi here and they also serve Macarons!Overall, I am a big fan! 5 stars!
5	Still great as ever.
4	Came here for dinner, we waited about 45 minutes I think which isn't too bad. Started off with the pricey stuff to make sure I got my money's worth before I got full. A plate full of crab legs and oysters. I liked the warmed crab legs, a lot of buffets don't offer that but they have both options here and always plentiful. Oysters were good too, you have to do a little picking for the better ones. On my second round of oysters they were not opened/cleaned very well, a lot of shell and debris was on them.Second round was meats. Prime rib, I asked for a medium rare cut and he got me a piece more in the middle and it was tender and juicy and not over cooked. Lamb chops were delicious too! Also juicy and not dry. Be careful though, the meats all tend to be on the saltier side. They have horseradish that is very spicy! I love spicy and this one was right up my alley. Third plate was all the random, cheaper things, that I wanted to try. I had two bowls of ramen. The broth was surprisingly good and flavorful, like the bones was cooked for a long time to get that rich broth taste. However, due to the noodles being made to order and just one guy helping out, they were under done. I don't mind al dente a little but these were barely blanched. They also have a large variety of Asian/Chinese food. I had the rice porridge with thousand year old egg, YUM. Very comforting after a day of drinking and being in the sun. Last plate was desserts. Nothing stood out, they have a very good macaroon, but this one you really have to wait and be a vulture about if you want to get some. I was in line and this one kid was hovering all over the empty platter waiting for it, and when it did come he took half the plate, had to fight my way in for just one cookie. Overall I enjoyed my meal here, still a little more than I would want to pay for but I didn't mind as much because most everything I had was good.
5	If you're gonna do the Bacchanal Buffet for dinner, it's worth it to do the Buffet of Buffets. The Buffet of Buffets gives you open access to 6 buffets along the Strip for 24 hours (including the buffet at Rio, Planet Hollywood, Paris and Harrah's) - for fifty bucks. For an extra $25 (each time), you can eat at the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace.And word of advice - if you're doing the Buffet of Buffets, start with the Bacchanal Buffet. All the other ones kinda pale in comparison. Delicious seafood. Best crab legs ever. Prime rib was decent. My favorite part was the dessert bar. So beautiful. The flan and chocolate lava cake was to die for. Plus, macarons and mochi ice cream! All the food here was high-quality and fresh. Decor was nice. Service was outstanding.
5	If you like crab legs and dessert, this place is a must! My new favorite Vegas buffet...it used to be the Wicked Spoon but Ceasers Palace has really stepped it up!  The crab legs here are fresh and delicious.  There is someone who cooks them on the spot so it's served nice and hot! I also really, really enjoyed the dessert. Unlike the other buffets, the desserts were very flavorful and they had a great selection besides the typical cakes.  Don't be turned off by the price, because it really is a bargain for what you get.  We will definitely come back!
1	The quality of the food was 5 stars worthy. However, the "service" that was given to us dropped this restaurant to only 1 star. I've never written a review on Yelp, but I was so disgusted by the so called service. The restaurant limits diners to only 2 hours  of eating. However, I was unaware that the 2 hours began once you actually pay. The waiters and the restaurant do not take into account the time you have to wait to be seated as well. That alone takes up at least 30 minutes. My family and I paid at 2:50. Waited in line to be seated till 3:30. At 5:27 we were approached by a new waiter, our generous previous waiter's shift ended. The new waiter approached our table and looked at our receipt. He then left and came back with the manager. He then came back to our table and asked us to leave due to a 2 hour limit. For a second, it seemed as if he was the owner of the restaurant and not a waiter. He proclaimed and accused us of being there for nearly 4 hours, I was in shock and speechless and before I could reply he decided to leave. The manager just said 'sorry, there's a two hour limit.' He then approached the table across from us and also accused them of being there for 4 hours, when they say down after us. I've seen better service at a soup kitchen. We paid $170 + tax for this horrible service? It was my family's first time here and that waiter ruined the entire night for us. We will not return here, ever. Not even the food could save us and other customers from the waiter. I'm sure even if Jesus was sitting at our table we would have been approached rudely. It was our "Last Supper" there forever.
4	This is not a place for those with small stomachs or picky palates. You want to make sure you get your $50 worth here and I sure did. The spread is AMAZING. I made sure to try everything that interested me. The Chinese was a little disappointing, sushi was good, and the prime rib was superb. Sides were delish (mac&cheese and sweet potato tater tots!), seafood galore and all the dessert your heart desires (gelato, an assortment of macarons, cookies, pie, EVERYTHING). Compliments to the pastry chef whom our waitress brought out for us to meet. I wish I had more space to try a half rack of ribs, lamb, BBQ and all that jazz at the meat station, as well as all of the other food (Italian, Mexican, American). I had to tap out and pretty much had to be rolled out of there. Then I slowly waddled my way back to my hotel. Gluttony's finest.
4	Was deciding between this or Wicked Spoon...and I thought this place was definitely worth it. Came here around 3:30 on a Saturday and the wait was around 30-45 minutes so it was about $55/person. Walking in the first thing you see is the Alaskan crab legs and all the seafood goodness. Keep walking and you'll see the different cuts of meat. Then the tacos and pozole station. Turn the corner and you'll see the pasta stuff, crab legs where they will warm it up for you, cheese and bread, pho/udon/ramen station, sushi, and then finally the Chinese food station. I got confused at where the desserts were because I walked around all the food stations twice before I realized that it was sort of in the middle of the buffet. Odd place to put it, but they had a variety of different desserts like cakes, cupcakes, macaroons, gelato, mochi ice cream, and more!First thing I went for was the crab legs and they were delish! Dip it in the drawn butter and yum! I tried the shooters that they had there, but I would pass on that. Lobster chowder was pretty good too. Then the meats! I love prime rib, but it was a little too dry here, but the shining star in my opinion was the lamb! It was so soft and melt in your mouth. It was my first time trying it and I have no idea where lamb as been all my life! But anyway...I also tried the udon which was okay. Sushi I would skip out on, but the tuna poke they had there was good. As for dessert...I'm not a chocolate fan so I ended up only getting the macaroons, gelato and mochi ice cream. Macaroons were pretty good, the green ones are the best but the go pretty fast. I had the thai tea gelato, but skip out on that. You couldn't even taste the thai tea in it. And mochi ice cream...you can't mess that up so there wasn't anything special about that.Service...was super super slow. We had 2 piles of dirty dishes and they would only take 1 pile every like 20 minutes. Drinks were never refilled, and finally I saw one of the managers? or head waitress? come by and she did not look happy at all and she ended up doing everything for us and the surrounding tables. But besides that...this buffet is definitely worth trying at least once.
4	Was a wicked spoon fan but this place has become my #1 buffet in vegas. Everything was good and could'nt find a glaring misstep, sure some things are better than others but overall this buffet was awesome.
5	Excellent foodLot s of varieyProbably the best now in vegasWorth it !
4	Long due review where I had last time I came in April! This place has become my new favorite buffet at least for me as I wasn't a fan of Wicked spoon. The best part of it was that we literally walked up and got a spot right away so that was the BEST part of it all. I don't think it will ever happen again at Vegas being able to not have to wait and get a spot!It was around 32 per person last time I came here as we came around 2. I have heard that the price has gone up? but I'm not for sure on that yet. Regardless I had an awesome experience here where they had A HUGE VARIETY of food and desserts. We didn't have to get drinks as we had fat tuesdays coming in.They have from chinese to american to mexican food so you can't go wrong if you are only into one group of food. I personally loved the mexican type of food they had here where there was a station where I could get forever tacos and they actually make the meat fresh for you and it was VERY GOOD. If i wasn't defeated, I would have got 3-4 more tacos... :p They have a bunch of ice creams/sorbets, crepes, cakes, and even mochi. Just go all out people because I had a great time enjoying all the types of food they had here. I say...from my last time experience that this is my favorite buffet now.
3	Bacchanal Buffet, new #1 buffet in Vegas- they said.Best desserts and fresh oysters- they said.Better than Wicked Spoon- they said. They were wrong!!! This place can't hold a candle to Wicked Spoon. I think even the buffet at the Wynn is better. True- here the decor is nice, clean and elegant but I wasn't too impressed with the food. The oysters were the size of my pinky- and they were unable to keep the fresh seafood counter stocked so 70% of the time I went to get fresh oysters or what not- there was no food there. They have the most delicious mushroom soup but for some odd reason, they keep the big bowls of soup way to the back of the counter so it looked like it was in the kitchen instead of available to the  diners and I had to bend over backwards to reach it. I really loved that they serve mochi ice cream, a friend told me they were house made but I saw them take them out of boxes (I don't really care, it was delicious). The ice creams and gelatos here however, don't compare to the ones at Wicked Spoon- some of the selection even looked icey instead of creamy. Some desserts left me going "what the hell?" For example- they made a whole dessert by placing an entire oreo cookie underneath some mousse- mousse that was already in like 2-3 other desserts. The Japanese side was pretty pathetic- not many choices- some seaweed salad, tuna poke, and MAYBE a vegetable roll- I'm not entirely sure the whole scope of what they offered here, since they were unable to keep the food here stocked at this counter too...The meats were Ehhh...I was unable to finish anything I got in the meat category- there were a decent number of choices though. Lastly- special shout out to the waitress we had (Sorry I don't remember her name) but she was the bomb!!! Cleared out my table and replaced/ refreshed everything half way through our meal (cause my party and I were slobs and she couldn't fathom how we could continue eating in our own drool). Never been so happy to tip.
5	Went here to celebrate my Aunt's birthday and I was blown away. Everything from the ambiance to the selection of food to devour was something to savor. They have certain areas that are dimly lit compared to other parts of the buffet. Loved the fact that the meat section was Brazilian BBQ like with all the different cuts of meat available. Went to go look for my Uncle and found out there was another section for food which I think most people didn't know about because there weren't really any lines. Make sure you walk all around or you could be missing out.
4	It was probably the night we went but it wasn't as amazing as I expected it to be from the reviews.  Thanks to the reviews, we listened to the tips about Monday night at 5pm with no wait.  We had a baby with us so lines don't go well.  By about 6pm, we saw a huge line formed already.  There is a huge variety but more isn't always better.  The meat section is definitely the largest I've seen but everything I had there seemed over salted and dry.  They said it was because of a southern style of cooking, which really isn't an excuse in my opinion.  I've had better buffet prime rib at Paris and the World Carnival one in Rio.  Never had ribeye, ribs, or brisket at another buffet but they were dry and tough when we were there.  Interesting variety that they have here are: pho (I only got it to try it, its okay), horchata (which i enjoyed), dim sum area.  Don't need to bother with the dim sum area.  Probably because we were early and the things were sitting out longer but the steam got all their items soggy.  Deep fried things were good: calamari, yam tots, waffle fries, but a little salty.  I mostly enjoyed their desserts.  Mochi ice cream is good but they do run out periodically and have to wait for more.  Their creme brulee I felt was good but too deep.  It was a wrong proportion of the top sugar crust to the rest, which I've had better at the Paris buffet.  Macaroons were good as well.  Overall, it's good but not sure if it's worth the $46 we paid.  Good service, good variety, but not necessarily the best tasting in one place.
3	After hearing all the hype, I was very disappointed in Bacchanal. For $50 and a long line it was not worth it. The selection was huge but nothing memorable and the things I liked can be found at other buffets for a lower cost and shorter line. They were missing a lot of the stuff my friends ate. I guess once buffets get popular they stop cooking the good stuff. Dessert was good, probably because its hard to mess it up. I probably won't come back anytime soon. Maybe if it was cheaper or shorter line
4	Bacchanal versus Wicked Spoon... Bacchanal has a modern and refreshing ambiance that invites you to feed your appetite.  The selection is superb; they have both cold and hot crab legs, raw oysters, various cuts of meat, the expected.The temperature, texture, flavor, and overall quality of the food were just right and met my expectations.The desserts, which I tend to value more than the actual entrees, were pretty good.  The cookie chocolate dipped strawberries could have been sweeter but were tasty and so were the miniature gummy bears.  They have macaroons too but I'm not a fan.Based on the above, I thought Bacchanal was excellent, but I pick Wicked Spoon why?1) Better dessert selection/quality2) Less wait time in the meat line3) Bacchanal failed miserably on their nigiri - one small plate that they hardly replenish.  The plate remained empty after two trips and when it was finally refilled the guy ahead of me took 2/3 of the plate, leaving me feeling bad for the people after me. Their staring got to me so I left a couple pieces (damn conscience!)I don't want to feel bad when I'm at a buffet, especially one such as Bacchanal. The last thing I should have here is a satisfied tummy, not a guilty conscience for carrying off the last piece of fish.
5	The most amazing dinner buffet I have ever been to!  Worth every penny spent on it!  A must do/eat when visiting Las Vegas!
2	I didn't get food poisoning so they avoided a one star.  Didnt come close to meeting expectations. Food was alright.  I can get better mexican fare at my local Chavez supermarket.  Forget the asian section. Spongey fried fish. Dry ribs. Less than crispy skin on the duck. Onion rings, blech. Over battered, over fried.  I know who goes to a buffet and eats onion rings?  This guy. We caught the tail end of lunch and the beginning of dinner.... Didn't see a whole lot of difference.  Desserts are ok. Nothing better than what you might find anywhere else. The service is what really gets me.  Yes someone came to check on us initially, but after that.... We had the same plates sitting on our table for the better half of our "dining experience". And it wasn't like we were burning through the buffet lines. Quite the opposite in fact because we wouldn't have had anywhere to put new plates. NEVER had our water refilled (which led me to drink a lot of self serve horchata -- which was the highlight of the evening). I mean if you're not going to provide these basics at least provide a station where I can bus my own plates and get my own water.  Pathetic. In short, come to this buffet so the lines will be shorter at Wicked Spoon.  I may have to give up on buffets altogether.
5	By far the best buffet I've ever ate at! This is a place that you want to give yourself time to experience. I went for my birthday but ended up getting there so late we decided to come back the next day. If you are in a hurry or are getting there late like us, I'd recommend eating elsewhere but if you are ready to let your taste buds go wild, this is your place. We went for dinner on a Sunday night and paid a total of $55 per person. As we were taken to our table I couldn't believe the endless array of options. This place was huge! Each dish was perfectly plated and delicious. We stayed for 2 hours thoroughly enjoying each plate. Some of my favs were the fresh oysters, oyster shooters, coconut breaded shrimp, spicy tuna, cold crab legs, caprice salad, agua frescas and the Mochi for dessert. After 3 or 4 full plates of food I wandered to the dessert bar which was every inner child's dream dessert bar. Needles to say this place was fabulous and was what inspired me to begin doing food reviews. Thy have a 24 hour food pass that I wished we bought but I will definitely be doing that next time.
5	Have been to many buffets.  This one is by far the best. So many selections and all tasted fresh and wonderful.  I will not only recommended it, but I'll be back.
5	Talk about great buffets and a pallet blaster.I've gone to so many that none has stuck out like this one. WOW great lamb, awesome desserts, delicious and varied seafood selection, multiple cheeses and types of bread. I can keep going but my goodness. Though problems include: 1)LONG LINE FOR MEAT. My goodness I was eating while I was waiting in line (I know so bad) but it was that dang long. 2)Terrible sushi. Yeah no. Don't do it here.It's awesome here and it's a must---take it from someone who lives here and is oh so tired of all the buffets that they all start tasting the same. It's my top buffet overall now (BUT I haven't tried the infamous wicked spoon yet....excited when I do)
2	A big fat disappointment.And I say this without having to wait in a ridiculous 3 hour line. We were seated right away, thanks to TR Diamond perks. The food? Gross. 2 stars for the crab legs and oysters ONLY...but come on, how do you screw that up?I still prefer Wicked Spoon, although they lack the oysters, the selection is quality, not quantity!
4	This buffet is absolutely delicious!!  I advise everyone to go try this buffet out at least a few times.  The thing that I don't agree with is the price.  Although, the buffet was delicious, I don't feel that it was worth he price.  If it was about 7 bucks less, I would have absolutely no complaints about this buffet!
4	"BACCHUS  The Roman God Of The FeastBACCHANAL  A Feast Worthy Of The Gods"- Some sign outsideThis buffet is seriously a feast worth of the gods. I came here with my mom and I as our first stop on our Buffet of Buffets adventure. For this specific buffet, we had to pay an additional $25 each, for some reason (I' didn't pay, so I don't know what that was for). It was a Monday and we got in line around 8:30 for dinner. FYI, they close the line at 10. It took us an hour to get to the register and to get back in line to be seated.   As we were being taken to our table, the hostess gave us a little tour of the different stations they had and I was already sold. Everything is so beautiful in there! Most importantly, the food looked so good. Presentation - A+Since we got in pretty late, we had about an hour before they were going to take the food (10:45). What did they have?Asian, Italian, Mexican, American, SeafoodI made a mistake of taking so much from the Asian section, that I didn't really get to the meaty stuff, literally. My mom got some and let me try some duck and lamb chop, YUM. I didn't even get to try the crab legs! I saw this one table covered in crab legs; it looked like they were having fun over there. I did try the oysters which didn't make me sick so I was happy! I can go on and on but I'll just stop now.
5	Best buffet I've ever had. Food was great. Many different choices to choose from. Great atmosphere and decor. The staff was friendly and efficient. A bit pricy but well worth it.
4	Some quick tips, this place is solid.The prime rib is bomb.  The brisket is good.  All of the Asian food is highly mediocre.  Considering it's not their specialty they did good.Crab legs cut in half reduce the mess, and the flavor; catch 22 there.The dessert is mega bomb. Hit the lava cake a couple times, that one is a well made chocolate deliciousness. There's plenty to eat here so go easy on the meat, otherwise you will be a gassy mess a few hours later. It's delicious, but not the second time around. This place is worth the 90 minute wait on a Saturday night once.  Only once.  You can pay $15 to skip the line, but that makes your meal $66 for a buffet.  If you're a baller, fine, spend that money, but that's $15 you can use betting on black, or food for your hamster.  Enjoy.
5	We went for Sunday brunch and honestly the wait wasn't that bad - we got in line at the end of the waiting stanchions and it took about 45 minutes to get up to be seated.  The atmosphere was upscale and trendy.  The food was really good - best prime rib EVER!  The people working at each station were busy, friendly and fun.  The choices were mind boggling and we really did need to pace ourselves.  We never felt rushed.  The endless mimosas kept flowing and the food was appropriately hot /cold.  The different sections were interesting and well stocked.  I have been to many buffets over the years but this one really was the best.  Price wise I had no complaints at all.  We had a very basic burger that we split between the two of us and a calamari appetizer and one cocktail each by the pool at the Venetian for lunch the previous day and the bill was 80 bucks so having this much quality food for this price was AWESOME.  I think it was 90 for the two of us...can't remember the exact price.
5	Well worth the price and the wait! We went at 3pm for dinner to avoid the line. Yet there was a line! The wait wasn't too bad, we got a table within 20 minutes. Everything was fresh and delicious, nice food presentation and great customer service. Excellent seafood selectionFresh oystersCrab legs Lobster clam chowder Cocktail shrimps Oyster shooter CrawfishSalmonI especially liked the authetic Chinese selections! Roasted duckBBQ porkCongeeGinseng chicken soupDim SumLo MeinNeedless to say, there were over 50 kinds of desserts to choose from.Two hours into the meal I was 110% full. I guess I will come back next time for the stations I missed:Full carving station Italian SaladCheeseHoneycomb MexicanSoupsBottles fruit juice
3	The food was delicious and a great selection!  The service not so much.  Horrible service.  Several dirty plates remained on the table.  The server didn't remember our drink order and never came back to the table.  Service should be a top priority for a place like this.
5	Latest favorite, almost replace the buffet of Wynn. Seafood portion is huge and fresh and generous. Waitress/waiters are super attentive, so is our tips. Black sesame mochi desert is awesome cuz it's from Japanese supermarket (seeing them unpacking) but its super expensive and delicious! Will be back in low peak period otherwise it's 2 hrs waiting time starting 7:15pm.
5	This place is so stinking cool and tasty =)
5	I am updating them from a 4 to 4.5 stars...and here's why..I came here for dinner, and the servers really impressed me, hence the upgrade in stars.Meat Station:The guy (buff and tall black guy, sorry, I didn't catch his name) who was serving the meat was really friendly, and greeted all of his guests with a smile and booming voice of "Welcome to Bacchanal!"  And he was kind enough to look for a medium-rare lamb chop upon my request.  Excellent service and hospitality.Seafood station:Raw oyster bar section, the guy working behind the counter was making sure that people weren't cutting in line and getting their rightful turn when it came to picking up the oysters. It shows that the workers here care about quality and fair service.Food worth a try for dinnerGrilled ScallopsLamb chops (ask for medium-rare)Mochi Ice Cream (Black Sesame, a must try!)Fried Calamari (looked good, but too stuff to have any)I'd say best buffet in LV, thanks to the servers!
3	We weren't too impressed with this buffet but glad we didn't have to wait in line at all since we came right at the start of dinnertime.  I've noticed that you can definitely see the seafood area right in the front, but they served the same thing towards the back area of the buffet when they could've had more options.  For the main course, I got the prime rib, tater tots, mac & cheese, wagyu burger (which was rather dry), southwest chicken wings (that only came with 2) and some crab legs.  While they were all pretty decent, none of them really wowed me enough to want to get seconds BUT nothing else they had was tempting enough so I pretty much got some of the same things the first time around.  What's pretty cool about this buffet, though, has to be the areas where you can get pho or have someone make your tacos or even crepes.  They have a pretty good dessert section full of macarons, gelato and other pastries.  They seem to have a lot of those mousse desserts, if you're into that.  Overall, we probably won't come back.
4	Really hyped up buffet - line to pay for entry, line to wait for seating, line to fill your plate... Still in the end, I would do it again.  So much food,  I was too full to have any dessert.  The kicker - Bottemless Mimosas!
3	I was very excited to try this buffet. I figured with it being so expensive everything must be great. We went for lunch on a Friday and there was virtually no line. Once we got in the place was beautiful and the server was great. She was super quick and helpful. I'll give a quick rundown on the food I tried. Waygu sliders were awesome. They pretty much melted in our mouths. They had a truffle potato cake type thing. It was amazing... highlight of the place for me. The brisket was extremely fatty and dry. Chicken marsala was fatty and nothing special. Lasagna and meatballs were very good. The sausage was very spicy but good. The fried chicken and sweet potato fries were excellent. The dessert station was very good. I'd say it was overpriced but pretty good overall. I'm glad we went but think it's an overpriced and overhyped buffet.
4	As a fan of Wicked Spoon, I thoroughly enjoyed my brunch at Bacchanal - but not enough to turn my back on my beloved.My top items: Fried chicken with sweet potato fries (although the tater tots are better!), Korean BBQ, the endless crab legs and the deep fried cinnamon sugar donut. Most of the other items we tried such as the dim sum, breakfast standards, and the sliders were good but nothing worth mentioning. I was VERY sad that the pho and ramen stations weren't available for brunch, perhaps we came in too early around 11:30AM.Don't forget to try the fresh squeezed juices! The horchata and cucumber juice were definitely our favorites. Champagne and mimosas are also complimentary, which make the $45 price well worth it.
2	So Chris and I arrived about 8pm-ish on a Saturday saw the line was crazy long, really we had no idea where it ended. So we left to go get a drink before standing in line, by the time we got back (20 mins later) it was under control and didn't seem to long. We chatted with some folks ahead of us from San Francisco so it made the hourish wait go by fast. When we finally got up to the front to pay one of the employees came and announced they were at full capacity and would stop letting people in at 10 and would pull food at 10:30. We were next in line and figured mehh we waited all this time and we can eat in an hour. Never again will I do that! We felt rushed the whole time, I barely got to eat with my husband because either I was eating and he was up in line or the other way around.Now to the food. It's was OK, it wasn't worth the $102 we paid. When we came here in November they had KING crab and this time had crap snow crab. I was very disappointed! What I did like was the prime rib, oh boy was is cooked perfectly it was succulent and moist, and the lamb. I tried the Thai tea gelato and loved it, it tasted like the real thing. However, that's about it unfortunately. We loved it so much the first time and we were so sadly disappointed this time I doubt we'll ever be back.
5	BELIEVE ALL THE HYPE! well in my opinion you prob should! my bf and i were there looking at the line and i was this close to not waiting but my bf said we should just stay. we went on a saturday during their brunch hour. although it was a bit pricey...but hey it IS called a VACATION plus you are in vegas..youre gonna overpay anyways but hey you gotta splurge all that moneyyy honeyyyy!!we stayed in line for 40mins - which wasnt so bad because the line was moving time to time. i was looking at the lights by the lines and i was getting worried that all those glasses would fall during a earthquake haha. the service was nice, the chef at the meat station was pretty cool and he welcomed my bf and i as we were walking to our tables. omg the food was AMAZINGGGGGGG! the stations were crazy amanzingly delicious! they have horchata, street corns, all kinds of meats, the asian station was pretty good and i was rollin' out like i was going to give birth to a cow. i was walking out of the place wanting so badly to go back to the hotel to lay down!worth the hype? yes! expensive? yes!  long lines? yes! should you stay?! HELL YEA!!!!
5	Do I dare say it?! Yes, Bacchanal IS better than the M Buffet! Since I was only in town for the weekend and didn't know when I'd be back next, I opted to eat here instead of the M Buffet, the usual stomping grounds. Boy, I'm sooo happy I did! The bf and I went knowing that the reviews were very good, but could it top my beloved M?! When we got there, there were so many options. We made sure to take a little bit of everything for a good overall critique. Everything, and I mean everything, we ate was good! Even the asian food was good! usually, its just meh and not worth going back for seconds. The desserts were good too! i was so full, but i made sure to make room for it. We spent about and hour and a half there for lunch and could have stayed longer if our stomachs could expand farther.Bacchanal is now my go-to spot! I'll deal with the tourist crowd to eat here. I wish I could eat it right now!
4	Oh my! I do not regret coming here! Without a doubt the best buffet in Vegas. I had the buffet of buffets deal and tried a few buffets. This one is the best! The food is top notch. my favorite were the hamburger sliders and the ambience is amazing! Thumbs up!
5	Unbelieveable!!!Okay this place honestly deserves a good review because the food was AWESOME. The waiters were on their tip toes clearing plates out of our way so that when we came back with more food in our hands from the buffet lines, we would have space on the table. My relatives (age 21+) had champagne because it was complimentary due to it being a weekend and before 4 p.m.The amazing food selection: snow crab legs, jumbo shrimp, oysters, crawdads, lamb chops, prime rib, ribs, pizza, make your own taco/burrito station, orange chicken, walnut shrimp, cha siu bao, a large variety of cheese, and moreI'm definitely a fan of the grill station because the flavors jump out at you with every bite. A lot of the food here is served in individual cute little baskets. Like they have tiny baskets with fried chicken and sweet potato fries. Definitely worth the $41 for lunch on the weekends. Dinner is $50 and the switch from lunch/brunch to dinner is at 3 p.m.
3	So this is more like 3 1/2 stars.  We went to Bacchanal this past Sunday for Dinner.  The tomahawk steak was on point...it was downhill from there which is a true bummer for me as I was looking forward to eating here for 14 months.  Snow crab legs instead of king, and I agree with other reviewers that their flavor was gone due to being pre-cracked.  I tried this and that but it became apparent that the quality was just not there.  It was more like cafeteria food which is brutal I know, but for $50?? I expected much more.  Another issue was that there were several items that i was looking for were missing.  The biggest issue for me in this area was the mochi ice cream.  I looked all around the huge dessert island and could not find it.  I asked a cook behind the counter and she said "oh it's over here" pointing to the gelato area so I walked back over there thinking I just missed them.  She caught me before I got there and said "I'm sorry, there's no mochi today"; I'm guessing someone  intercepted her and set her straight.  This brought my anger level up to boiling but I had to keep my cool as I didn't want to ruin it for my wife.  I then saw the Chef De Cuisine and asked him when the mochi was coming out.  He acted surprised that it was not out and stated he would bring a a plate of mochi to my table.  10 minutes later he came toward my table with four different kinds of mochi: orange, green tea, vanilla and mocha.  He apologized for taking so long but stated that he had to go to a different restaurant to secure them.  THAT was huge to me and garnered them another star.  In closing, I think this proves that quantity does not necessarily save the day.  I'd prefer half the dishes and twice the quality compared to what Bacchanal offers.  After this dinner the wife and I decided that we're going to swear off buffets (again).  On the plus side the room is beautifully designed and decorated.  The shrimp and grits were really good, the rolls in the Asian area were actually really good.  The busser in our area was clearing plates from our table like his life depended on it.  He was maybe the best busser I've ever seen in action and was a complete opposite to the reviews I've read in the past year.
4	Among my favorite in Las Vegas.  We used to like Bellagio and Wynn, but Bellagio seemed to have changed in quality (dramatic decrease).  Cosmo (Wicked spoon) was promising when I laid eyes on the salads, but the dessert seemed pre-ordered and not made in house.Overall, Bacchanal was the one we keep on going back to!  Their Achilles heel, however, is the sushi and the pizza.   Everything else is excellent!  Don't laugh, but the carne asada tacos are something I get every time even though it is probably not the biggest bang for the buck...LOLTIP: walk behind the casino through the mall to cut down on walking time by half!  Just enter the mall from the casino through the margarita bars with the low-cut hooter lookalike servers, and the next entrance point to the buffet will be just a few stores away.  Secret shortcut!
4	Ate here with the family. It's definitely a higher quality buffet than the rest. I'll have to try the one in the Cosmopolitan. The crab legs were... mehhhh:-( had better at a cheap Chinese buffet. The rest of the dishes were very good. My wife liked them too considering that she's a finicky eater. The kids loved all the candy! We'll be back.
3	Giving 3 stars...Very pricy. $45.99 for weekdays dinner. Feel a bit over price compared to other places that I tried. I called earlier to confirm they have lobster and king crab before I went there. And they said they had lobster and king crab. That was the reason I chose Bacchanal. However, there was neither lobster nor king crab. I was disappointed a bit. Having said that, food quality is excellent. Service is awesome.
4	Selection of food was enormous. I honestly would give 5 stars, but the wait was forever!!!! I swear I waited in line for 1.5 hours. I thought I went early (5pm ish on saturday) but it wasn't early enough....
5	Worth the wait for us. Went on a Sunday night and we got in around 45 minutes. Our first instinct when we saw the line was "Is this worth it?" Apparently, our faces showed it cause a lady coming out told us what she thought and that we should wait in line. So we went for it and we're glad. The line moves relatively quickly. It smells like seafood, which doesn't help, cause it makes you hungrier. But the seafood section is RIGHT where you enter so it made sense after we saw that. Be careful of cheap young douche bags who try to cut. I saw 2 guys try and sneak in in front of the people in front of us and they heard me saying something so they kicked them out. But then they tried to cut in front of us and I just waited 30 minutes so no way was I going to let them in. He tried to pay us and everything and eventually the left the line but we unfortunately saw them about 40 minutes into our dinner. Keep your eyes peeled. Not a single worker was on my bad list here. From the person we paid with, to the hostess, to the person who sat us, to our waiter, to the guy who kept clearing our table, this place has exceptional staff and service.So my brothers and dad LOVED the snow crab. They got plates and plates of the warm ones. The pastas, Mexican food, and seafood were my favorites. As an Asian, I didn't care for the Asian food. Definitely get the snow crab legs and ceviche and the fried foods. It;s unhealthy but you paid 50 bucks and waited who knows how long so just do it. They had sweet potato tater tots, which I've never seen or heard of, and they were bomb.com. I could not stop eating them even though it meant eating less of something else. Okay my other favorite food, the dessert. I have an incredibly bad sweet tooth so dessert is always important to me. UNLIMITED MACAROONS. im from LA where macaroons are a thing and these were good. I could eat as much as I wanted. They had creme brulee which is my favorite, sorbets, candy, cookies, and your typical desserts, but on another level. It was heavenly. And last, I can't believe I almost forgot, but they have Aguas Frescas ON DECK. Horchata, tamarindo, limonada, and more. I'm sure it's some instant kind but I don't care. I'm asian and I can't tell too much so I had as much horchata as I wanted. They come in these cute mini milk jug type things and you could take as much as you wanted. This place changed my outlook on buffets. I think every time I go to Vegas now, I'm going to have to eat here. I love Wicked Spoon but my love for Bacchanal beats that.
4	Bacchanal is one of Vegas' brand new buffets located in Caesar's Palace. The design of the place is very impressive with a nice view into the seafood section in the front and the pool if you get the right seat inside. The buffet is broken up into sections starting with the seafood, meats, Mexican, Italian, salad, sushi, Chinese, and deserts. We had a sampling of everything. My girlfriend loves seafood so she had a hefty helping of oysters and giant crab legs. I tried to mix up my servings between heavy and light foods with meatballs, lasagna, tacos, a variety of fruit, Greek salad, and a mix of deserts. This definitely ranks up there with one of the best buffets in Vegas.
4	As good as Wynn (which had been my favorite). Unfortunately Prime Rib dry and lamp chops too many spices including salt (spices covered up all the lamp natural taste). Seafood portion of buffet excellent - both hot and cold crab legs but in different parts of the restaurant. Desserts fabulous as well. Luck was on my side when I got Ruth as my waitress. Definitely ask to be in her station. Best waitress I've had in Vegas. And that's saying alot since I've been to Vegas over 30 times in last 12 years.
5	My friend Tiff had a diamond card. WOOOOP skipped the hour long wait ^__^! Great service and great food for a buffet.  If you're ever in Vegas, I recommend you treat yourself.  They have everything from seafood and sushi, to burgers and steak, and of course, a huge dessert island!  What more can I ask for?
3	After waiting in line for an hour, we were famished for the buffet. However, even in my hungry state, I found the buffet to be good but not amazing. There are many selections from Asian dim sum to seafood galore. It's a good choice for those who enjoy fresh seafood. I liked the freshly shucked oysters and heated crab legs. There are also lots of meats though I found them to be salty. There are mochi ice cream with 2 per person limit each time; there's only a small wait though. Overall, it's a fun experience, but I will stick with Wynn buffet next time.
5	I don't know what else I can say, go look at the pictures. What I like the most is that they have a huge selection of ethnic food.  It's pricy but worth it. It's always something I look forward to whenever I come to Las Vegas, definitely the best buffet in town. Can't leave without trying it. I always ate until I can barely walk.
4	Waited about 15 mins for dinner on Saturday evening around 7pm. The lines were hecka long but we opted to pay the extra $15/person for express.  Totally worth it for us.  Typical buffet with meat, seafood, mexican, asian, italian and american.... the quality of the food is a lot better than most vegas buffets...The lambchops were superb!!! Crab legs were good... The Asian food was Bleh. The sushi Bleh. The Italian food was alright...  The fresh juices were good. The dessert bar was delicious with a good variety. Overall the quality of the food is good and worth the price you pay. Would go back.
5	Went here the other day with my family and we all loved it. At first everyone else was a bit leery of the $45 price point but after sitting down and trying all the food they all saw that it was worth it. Now this has to be the largest buffet I've been to, not just in terms of scale but in food selection as well. I was a little bit disappointed because some of the sections that I saw in photographs from other yelpers were no longer there (or had been condensed) but everything was still amazing. We spent a good 2 hours there and I would GLADLY pay another $45 to go there again. I'd say this place definitely beats out the Wynn buffet.
4	The one star demerit was for degrading food quality.   It was our second time there, we realized the King crab legs turned into snow crab legs.  Fresh oysters were already at a much lower grade since they open.  I already noticed many significant changes as they are trying to cut down their food cost.   Here are my breakdowns:Seafood:   major degrade in qualitySteak:   One of the bestItalian:  Better than I expected.  Fresh pizzasJapanese:  As average as it getsChinese: pre-made dim sum, panda express quality entreesDessert:   Anything from Mochi ice cream, crepe, gelato, you name it.  Best dessert you can find.Please keep your quality.  Do not want to see this place go downhill.
1	Overrated. I swear pictures are so deceiving. I went on Friday for lunch/dinner. Paid the extra $15 to skip the line. Wish I would have skipped the buffet instead. I'm not sure what the big deal is. The presentations are nice, but the food is blah. As with every other buffet in Vegas, food was cold and subpar.  A girl at the table next to me keep saying this is the best food I ever had! These are the best tacos ever!  Boy people need to get out. This place made me lose faith in the reviews on  Yelp. Everything I got was just average. Most of the stuff I saw on the pictures weren't on the menu that day. Buffet is extremely small. The pictures make it look like there is a huge selection. There really isn't anything that sets this buffet apart from the rest. I will stick with the Wynn or Bellagio.
4	The food is delicious and there are so many choices it is hard to decide.  The desserts are over the top and beautiful for a buffet.  The only reason I couldn't give it 5 stars is the WAIT.  Waiting in line for an hour and the confusion at the hostess stand is frustrating and annoying.  There has to be a more efficient way.  Mind the price also, it is VERY expensive.
5	A M A Z I N G !!!! I cannot stress how fantabuloso this buffet is.Is it worth that long line? I believe so.Lets start with dessert and go backwards...DESSERT!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMG they have the most amazing maccaroons available - also carrot cake and creme brulee - the w o r k s ................Entree(s)everything you could ever think ofthey got sushi steak burgers waffle fries truffle fries BEST STEAK TACOS (i must say)SUSHI- omg sushi they have TUNA POKE and that was super delish.They give you this plate rubber holder and i was like psssh I don't need that.... and I was wrong... hhaha some of those plates are hot......... some 12 year old gave me their plate holder when he saw i was struggling thanks homie!The food i described sounds so ordinary... but the QUALITY of it is superb!!!!!
4	My friends and I came here during July 4th weekend. To no surprise, their buffet price is higher than what it is normally just because it's the holiday. Hence, minus one star.Our plan was to try everything they serve and to avoid carbs. During our first round, I grab the chicken and sweet potato fries. I know, no carbs but i just thought it would be good since the four of us are sharing. Of course Bacchanal made their sweet potato fries to perfection. It's lightly coated with maple syrup and sea salt. It was pretty much the end of our strategic plan of no carbs. Some other delicious items: tonkatsu ramen, tuna/salmon poke & prosciutto. Make sure to save room for dessert. Enjoy!
4	Great food I am always thought vegas has lost it's touch in buffet style food. However this place was great sure few meats had way to much salt but rest was great. If your sea food lover they have every type of sea food. It don't matter what u like they have everything.
4	OM NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM! As all the Yelpers below have said, this place is pretty AMAZEBALLS.  While it is pricey, you definitely get your money's worth because every dish is YUM!  The ambiance here is pretty awesome as well.  We were in a group of 7 so we were able to sit at a large table that sort of looked like it was a gnarly tree stump (in a cool artsy way) and tall chairs that are comfortable and very contemporary looking.  It is a very modern look!  I loved it!The buffet's food was really good and it is sectioned off in the following stations:-Chinese (Dim Sum, Duck, etc.)-Japanese (Small selection of sushi and soups)-Italian (Pasta, etc.)-Mexican (Made to order tacos, fresh salsas & Agua Frescas!)-Meats (Prime Rib, HUGE BONE-IN RIBEYES, Lamb, etc.)-American Style Side Dishes (Mac & Cheese, Fries, Potatoes, etc.)-Seafood (Standard... Shrimp, Crab Legs, Oysters, Clams) -Dessert (Made to order crepes and other various goodiesI was really impressed by how fresh all the food was and how tasty things were!  The food services were very friendly and our waitress/busboy were very efficient in taking our plates... Even when we brought two plates of food to the table for each person... LOL. My only gripe is that I feel the organization of the buffet was really odd.  It was sort of difficult to grab Japanese then try to grab Italian (i.e. putting my pizza on top of my sushi???? Ughhh! Pros:-AMAZING FOOD-Great ambiance-Good serviceCons:-Food is not necessarily organized in the best mannerTips:-Alcohol is separate so be prepared to pay if you want a beer or Mimosa-TRY THE HORCHATA! -Get one Ribeye for the table and share... THAT is how HUGE it is! -GET THE CREPE and get ice cream on top... You'll regret it if you don't!
3	Was contemplating writing a review for this buffet but decided to anyway. Yes, the food is good and fresh and offers a great variety of dishes. However, is it worth waiting 2 hr in line and paying over $100 bucks for 2 people. Absolutely not! The food sections were poorly organized and the line game is ridiculous. You wait about 1.5 h in the general line to finally get to the cashier. You think you're in right? No! You wait another 30-40 minutes or so just to finally get seated. Amazing. The seafood selection could have been better in my opinion. The crab legs lacked flavor and there was a lack of shrimp dishes. The desserts were not very good in my opinion but it may be just personal preference. The mini burger sliders were excellent I must say and veggies were great. Would I stop by again on a weekday while waiting 30 minutes, perhaps. But other than that, I would rather step into a nice restaurant on the strip with minimum wait time.
5	Be prepared to wait about 45 mins to 2+ hours during busy hours. The food is great!Stars of the buffet:Fresh OystersShrimpPrime RibBlack Chicken SoupHot and Cold Crab LegsCrepes made to orderIce cream AND MOCHIIIIII
5	One of my favorite buffets in Vegas. This is a must if you have not tried already. It is a little pricey but way worth it. Crab legs always is bomb. You can actually wait in line to steam the crab legs but i like them fresh or steamed. They also have oyster shots which is amazing. I recently found the best mushroom risotto. It is by the pizza section of the buffet. Another amazing food that is a must try is by the sushi section. It is in a little plate with spicy tuna. It is just heaven in your mouth. The dessert is good as well. The gelato is amazing.
5	A must go to buffet in Las Vegas! I would say the top two is Wicked Spoons and Bacchanal. Carnival World Buffet is not bad either and I would say it ranks #3. Unfortunately Bacchanal is not part of the 24hr all you can eat deal. Prepare to wait at least 1.5 hrs in line. The line may look intimating then it really is. Even though it looks endless it goes by fast. I guarantee it is worth the wait! Yelpers read on...There is a lot of variety inside. From what I can remember there was Chinese, Mexican, Seafood (lots of seafood), Italian, American, Japanese, and something else I can't remember.The dessert bar is awesome! They offer ice cream, gelato, and waffle cones!The service was spectacular. Never had to wait long for a refill. There's even a juice bar at the buffet line. The dining area is huge! Plenty of space for everybody. Don't worry about being cramped. Way better designed compared to the other crappy buffet they have inside Caesar's. This buffet may be pricey but it's worth your money! A must try for every Vegas visitor.
5	Holy wow!  This place has definitely earned its place as the best buffet in Vegas. So very good. First things first - be prepared to wait in line. It's worth it, I swear! One of our group members complained because he never waits in line for food. He ended up saying it was totally worth the wait. We came on a Sunday night and waited about and hour. Just grab a drink to sip in line and you'll be good. There is a huge selection of food and just about everything is incredible. Here are a few if my standouts:. Crab legs - a must have. Ceviche - delicious . Tuna and salmon sashimi (like a high end sushi place!). Charcuterie bar - lots of cheese and meat selections . Tiny baskets of waffle fries, chicken strips, tater tots etc. . Dessert!Anyone who knows me knows dessert is ultra important and this buffet did not disappoint. I highly recommend the fig and balsamic gelato and the macarons. But most of it is great!  So for a amazing buffet experience go here!
4	This place is HUGE! And they have a giant selection of food. The crab here are already split in half so you don't have to break them! There are two rooms, at first I thought there were was only one room, but you just got to turn a corner at the end of the Mexican station and BOOM! Whole mother room with Italian, cold cuts, salads,  and Asian food. They even have dim sum ( for dinner!). Most off the food was good, there were a few selection from the meat station that was a bit too salty. The desert station was the best, it is centered right in the middle of the main room and had every imaginable desert you can think of even mochi! The waiter suggested to get the peach green tea here, and it was soo good, I had like 4 of them, because they are so good. The price is quite expensive here at $50 a person, as well as the line being very long at dinner time. My friends and I waited for about 2 hours until we were able to be seated. Overall this was a good place, with good food.
4	Prepare to come hungry and leave happy! I highly recommend coming early since the average wait is around 1-2 hours. Luckily, we only waited for about an hour. This buffet is spacious and has LOTS of selections.I enjoyed their Asian selection. Black chicken stew? It reminds me of my mom's homecooked soup. There's dim sum options, soups, and vegetables as usual. I actually was surprised with the flavoring of the black chicken stew. It's not exactly on point, but it's good enough!As for the entrees, there's crab legs!! I think we got about 2-3 plates of those. Not only that, but some of the food dishes are served in small portions, which is helpful in preventing you from "overeating." What I mean by that is that you leave more room in your stomach for the other dishes. The sweet potato tater tots were delicious! In addition to the prime rib and the truffle potato gratin!Some other memorable choices that I've tried was the lobster clam chowder and caprese salad and the artisan sausage. There's seriously lots of things to eat here! Another favorite of mine was the lasagna!!Now onto the desserts, they have mochi ice cream! Vanilla, Kona Coffee, and Chocolate. I was a bit disappointed there was no mango or green tea, but -shrugs- the dessert was still good. They had French macaroons as well as ice cream! The mango lime sorbet was my favorite along with the creme brulee.My stomach had the time of its life here. One thing about this place though is the expensive price. With the food selections - there were a variety and there were some hit and miss dishes. However, looking back on it, I would probably say that this is a one-time thing. I enjoyed the food and the experience here, but won't return until my wallet gets fatter.
5	The bf and I dined at bacchanal for Sunday brunch in August 2013. After reading other reviews, I was a little scared that we'd have to wait for a table. However, we arrived at about 10:15 am and walked right in. The Hostess at the front said weekend brunch starts to get crazy around 11, so if you want to avoid a massive line, plan accordingly. Tip: if you use your total rewards card, you'll save a couple bucks off the tab. As for food, there were sooo many choices here.  It was a little overwhelming, but not in a bad way.  As we arrived shortly after 10, most of the foods out were "breakfast" type items. However, right around 11, more "lunch" items like sushi, sliders, etc started coming out. Quality was great, and you get unlimited mimosas during sunday brunch.  Highly recommend!
5	This place was pretty good. It is the only place that will heat up your crab legs. I went here on a Monday night and the wait was 2 hours. It was worth it, but the buffet at the Wynn is pretty good as well. This place has many varieties of food. From authentic Chinese food to authentic Mexican food. This place did not disappoint.
5	This is hands down the best buffet in Las Vegas right now and blows previous favourites at the Wynn, the Bellagio, and Paris out of the water.Is the food any better than these other buffets? Nope, not really. Nor is it even bigger than any of the buffets offered anywhere else. However, what makes the Caesars buffet THE buffet to end all buffets (in my mind, at least) is the crazy amount of selection and variety of food that's available.  It is the only buffet in Vegas that has an Asian food section serving up ramen, pho, hot and sour soup, wonton soup, miso soup, BBQ pork, roast pork, roast duck, AND pork soup dumplings (xiao long baos), to accompany a wide selection of dim sum and sushi edibles. Its seafood section not only has the ubiquitous crab legs (which you can ask to have steamed) but also seafood soups, oysters, mussels, and ceviches. And instead of a simple carving station, this buffet has a full-on meat station full of BBQ meats and roasts.Oh, and did I mention that the (gigantic) dessert station also has giant mochi ice cream balls in flavours like sesame, vanilla, green tea, chocolate and mango (limit of 2 per person)? And (not related to dessert), that they serve fried chicken and waffle fries in a cute little frying basket? Amazing.Yes, there is a wait. I wish I could tell you a strategy to beat the line. Your best bet would be to come right when it opens, but even then, expect to wait a good 40 minutes at least. My only tip, if you're coming in a group larger than 4, would be to split your group up as the line for smaller tables seems to move faster. Also, the air conditioning in the buffet is unreasonably cold, to the point of distraction. My guess is that it's to encourage people not to linger and loll around in a beached whale comatose state after eating so that they can funnel more people in and out.
5	Ranked #1 Buffett in America by USA Today. A lot of hype surrounding this place before eating here. I would say by far it's the best Buffett I've ever had the pleasure. It's not just AYCE it's set itself at such a high caliber. Quality is superb. Must to dinner for the On the Bone Ribeye is a sight!
4	If you stay in Vegas and have to go to one buffet, stop searching. Eating here is an enjoyable experience as the place is brand new, very well decorated and very clean. The thing I didn't like about eating at a buffet was that somehow the restaurant wouldn't look good as they would focus more on the buffet/food rather than the atmosphere. Well Ceasars Palace have certainly managed to do that.Food is probably as good as at some other great buffets in Vegas but what makes this place different is it is actually a fancy buffet.
1	ok we were leaving on a sunday needed to go eat somewhere close the brunch was $45 dollars each I didn't know. neither did the couple ahead of us. they were shocked . ok we didn't know it was a champagne brunch until we saw others getting mimosas we ask for 2 we got 1 mimosa . they had food in little baskets the food was not good and there was maybe tri tip which is a cheap cut of meat  and maybe 3 types of sausage and one kind of potatoe. a brunch should have other lunch meats roast beef, ham and turkey and they had churros which is a type of sugar donut which looked good until you bite into it. it was hard not crispy and the inside was liquidy uncooked now this is a $45 brunch and you can't cook a churro correctly I did try another one it was uncooked inside as well. this is at ceasars casino which we had a bad stay during the week we should have known but who knew,my daughter had a good suggestion stay where you like the food it's true. where we liked the buffets the rooms we good or decent.
5	Anyone who rates this place with one or two stars is just way too snobby. Great presentation. Didn't have any problems with waiting. You're in Vegas. What do you expect!?It's about 40 per person during midday lunch but its worth it. Everything is fresh and delicious. I got bite size samples of almost everything there and enjoyed everything. Service is top notch as well. All the cooks are very nice and gladly answer any questions you have as far as the food goes. An overall brilliant experience.
5	For someone who thinks buffets are only ok, this buffet blew me away!! If you're in Vegas & want to choose a buffet, I suggest this one! There is a great supply of variety. I actually ran out of stomach room & didn't get to try everything I wanted to try.The food didn't taste bland, dry or overcooked like at most buffets. Everything was hot, fresh & tasted like what it was supposed to taste like. All in all, I give this buffet two thumbs up!!!
5	Easily the best buffet I've ever been to. Great selection, tons of fresh food and its SO FREAKING GOURMET.This place re-defines the entire image of the "american buffet". Just look at the picturesBuffets i have been to in order from best to worst:Bacchanal - CeasarsWicked Spoon - CosmopolitanWorld Carnival - RioSpice market - Planet Hollywood, The BellagioParis Le Village - ParisParadise Garden Buffet - FlamingoMore Buffet - Luxor
5	This buffet is amazing!!! It has just about everything you can think of and it taste super good! Even my hubby who hates buffets love this place. It's pricey but well worth it. We pigged out so much at lunch we didn't eat anything else the rest of the day lol
3	Is it a great buffet? Oh yes.The best buffet in Vegas? Umm okay maybe.The best buffet I've tried in my life? Uh, nope.I know most buffets serve significantly worse food than their a-la-carte items, but this is not one of those buffets. Each item can be rivaled with those served as a-la-carte in other restaurants in town. But still, they're just above average quality. Like their sushi is tasty but obviously not with the best quality fish. Desserts are not as delicate. Snow crabs are overrated. And overall there just isn't that many items to choose from.Dont get me wrong it's still a great buffet. I was just expecting a bit more after paying about $60 per person. I don't mind spending $100 per person at Michael Mina but spending $60 to stuff myself with a bunch of just above average food was not such a great idea. So first time in Vegas, dine here, no regrets. Second time? Nope.
4	Certainly on my top 3 las vegas buffet, alongside with wicked spoon and wynn. Must not miss stations: Meat station, antipasto, seafood, dessert. Everything else was also good but I have to choose my battle of girl vs. food.  If you must have breakfast get there at breakfast time, don't complain if breakfast is not fresh at 2 pm. Servers were attentive although our particular server made errors twice, no biggie. If he tells you, "what would you like to drinks?" That's him! Price was not bad considering it's a buffet. $70 meal for two at noodle #9 or Gordon Ramsay's Burgr vs $88 lunch for 2 at this buffet. Not bad at all. Happy eating!
4	This place is huge...long line yes its Friday, but geez its buffet, really?! Ive never had to wait so long for a buffet, I am from the fourth largest city in the United States and so I am very familiar with big crowds.15.00 extra if you wanted to be bumped up to the front of te line, but then you have to still wait to be seated. So I kept my 15.00 in my pocket and just willed my patience to hold on a little longer.Once you pay your buffet fee of 49.00 (normally 51.00 + tax) then the "paid" people wait in another line.After an hour and a half we were finally seated.Our waitress was really slow getting to us once seated, we were so hungry we decided she could get our drinks later one we returned to our table.The Buffet....I was not blown away but there are a few things there as dinner and dessert that were a stand out or different for sure.
5	In my opinion, it's a great quality buffet! $55 for dinner, but I ate my money's worth and everything I chose was delicious!Can't remember every item, but here are the one I really liked:Lots of fresh king crab legs that already cracked for you. All you need to do is pluck out the meat. I ate hella.Prime rib was juicy red. Satisfies the carnivore in me. Lobster macaroni- big chunks of lobster!!Fresh oysters- yum! They're putting them out though- it's on purpose. Dress pretty, as all ladies should try in Vegas, and the cook might hand you some freshly chucked ones!The sweet potato fries- omg soo good! I usually don't care for these type of fries, but these are coated with roasted sesame seeds and ginger honey (I believe) and it takes it to another level!Yum mochi, macarons, and an array of unique flavors of ice cream for dessert! You can also ask them to make you fresh crepe and strawberry dipped chocolate!Presentation on the foods are lovely. Ambience is modern, clean and very pretty. It's next to the pools, and the windows give off a beautiful natural lighting.Tips: Dinner is at 3PM. Come at least 45 minutes before (waiting in line took us 30 min) that time so you can pay the lunch fee instead of dinner fee. We were late because we hung out too long at MGM pool. Got there before 3, but the line of course took longer than we hoped.Avoid the carbs! Don't drink too much liquids. Eat the SEAFOOD and prime rib!!!
5	I would have never thought that I would have two best evers in one weekend:  the best ever hamburger and fries at Bachi Burgers and the best ever buffet at The Bacchanal Buffet.  Coincidentally, best evers occurred at restaurants that start with the letter B.  The sad thing is that these best evers are located in Las Vegas, NV, approximately 4.5 hours away.  Come to think about it, that might be a blessing in disguise for my girly figure.The Bacchanal Buffet is situated within the confines of Caesar's Palace, which should give you an idea of the cost of the buffet.  We decided on Sunday brunch, thinking that going in the morning would be more economical.  It was cheaper than dinner, but expect to hand over your wallet to experience what I consider to be the best ever buffet anywhere.  Don't let the cost keep you away.  The Bacchanal is a must visit destination for quality, delicious, and belt busting food.  For adults during brunch, we paid $41 per person, with our children under 12 at about half that price.  It is evident right away that you're about to indulge in some high end foodie fare by the high end decor.  The hanging, glass adornments covering the lights gave that exclusive appearance.  What really sold me that I was about experience some high end, quality food were the lounge type sofas our party of 9 sat in.  Sofas, not chairs.Bacchanal is gluttony personified.  As is customary whenever I eat at a buffet, I recon the food choices to gameplan what I'm going to eat.  As I walked from one end of Bacchanal's buffet line to the other, it seemed endless with sensory overload from the large array of food.  And that was just the main food choices, not counting the dessert.  My eyes could eat more than what my stomach could handle, so I couldn't eat everything, but did I want to.  You will be amazed by the quality and the number of choices.  Everything was delicious and the variety was amazing.  I had three plates of food to get my money's worth.  The highlights of the first plate were the biscuit and gravy, premium cut of bacon from a slab, hot link sausage, and made to order omelette.  2nd plate highlights were the cold shrimp with cocktail sauce, sushi variety, fresh double meat pizza, and tuna poki.  3rd plate was all dessert and everything that I sampled, which included cheesecake, strawberry cheesecake and toasted coconut gelato, chocolate chip cookie, apple pie, pecan sticky bun, and bread pudding were all yummy and delicious.  Everything I ate was fresh, had quality ingredients, and emanated a feeling that food was prepared with a lot of care.Move over Wicked Spoon, there's a new champ that can call itself the best ever buffet.  The Bacchanal can lay claim to this distinction.  A visit to Las Vegas can't be complete without a buffet from at least one hotel and casino.  If you want to make that visit complete, might as well go to the best ever:  The Bacchanal, hands down.  What I paid for was worth what my stomach got out of this buffet champion.
3	This was a great buffet, no doubt at all.  However, for the cost-equivalent to some of the excellent steak houses on the strip, I would go that way next time.   We showed up at 430 and waited ended up getting seated about 6 on a Saturday.
3	This ain't no Golden Corral. This buffet is super fancy schmancy with over 500 menu items and not for the faint of heart.Have a well thought out game plan before you try to attack this gianormous buffet. I'm not even talking in terms of maximizing your dollar, but enjoying the smorgasbord of cuisines. I personally liked the cured meats & cheese, kobe beef sliders, prime rib, some kind of tuna sashimi salad, and all the dessert offerings.The Bacchanal receives my buffet stamp of approval and 3.5 stars based on its' high quality food and massive grandness.
5	Loved, loved, loved, loved, loved this eatery! I like to think of myself as a fine connoisseur of buffets and I had always heard good things about this place. But "good" was an understatement. This place was the Garden of Eden of buffets. I'm not going into full detail, but I will tell you that I tried a sample from every station and did to complain once (with the sushi, burger, and dessert bar being my favorites). If it were physically and mentally possible, I would eat here for the rest of my life. With friendly staff, a super-clean environment, and more food (of superior quality, no less) than I've seen in a fortnight, there is no doubt in my mind I will go to any other buffet while in Vegas.
5	This place is great. This is hands down the best buffet in Vegas. Be here early because the wait is very very long during weekends. This is better than Wynn buffet in my opinion. Make sure you stop by The Bacchanal Buffet when visiting Vegas.
5	Lets be honest, I don't often find myself raving about a place of its kind. Places often filled with people that really should, but never listen to the doctor's orders. Not the case here, this is legit. Cuisines across the world, prepared gourmet in front of you, never left out stale. Chinese, Japanese/sushi, Italian, Korean, Mexican, American, seafood, want me to elaborate? Pizzas, pastas, breads, salads, carving stations, crab legs, I can go on. But the big hit for me, someone that only decides to be this gluttonous given an atmosphere of this kind was the dessert station, what a find.An immense, endless array of ice creams, pastries, candies galore.Need I detail this more?You'll be so full and overstuffed from the meal had before.But won't care when you see this stuff that will physically put you over the edge, to the point you won't fit through the door!Endless ice creams, candies, pastries and s'mores.Crepes filled with berries, whipped cream go explore.Cheesecake pops, though one more thing some really adore.Mochi as incredible as can beVanilla, Chocolate, red bean and green teaDon't hit the buffet before hitting the poolYou'll bloat up immensely and look like a foolJust one thing I'll say is beware of the lineAn hour wait, but there's a trick you can findAn extra $15 express will save lots of timeMaybe some truly just don't see the signsOr people are just irrational, would rather blow that on slots then pay a few extra dimes
4	Buffet was good. But all the good stuff i.e crab legs & macaroons don't get put out until dinner time!! Lots of choices. Sushi was good. Over all four stars is appropriate.
4	Great variety inside this place. They only reason I'm not giving a 5 is because the meat is almost rare, i like it well done. I had to avoid the whole meat section which sucked. There was so much other stuff to try though. Wish they would ask how you want your meat cooked that is all.
5	This buffet is awesome!I thought the Wicked Spoon was good, but this one is WAY better!No disrespect to Wicked Spoon, it's still good, but this place has a much WIDER selection of food.Not much to say about this place. Probably best bang for the buck out in Vegas.
4	It was the best brunch we had in Vegas - I was expecting to have a regular lunch - didn't know about all weekend long brunch - but it was good. Kind of disappointed for not having lobster at brunch - crab was good thou...
5	4th of July weekend recap:*Waited 1.5 hours on a Friday night to get seated.*Paid 60 bucks. (usually 50 for dinner but they jacked up the price bc it was a holiday)*Stuffed our faces in 45 minutes to make it in time for our 10pm Cirque show.I'm not much of a buffet girl because I always end up stuffing my face to the point of gluttony to get my money's worth.  Plus my eyes are bigger than my stomach and the whole eat slowly and wait 15 minutes deal  goes out the window.   But when in Sin City, gotta hit up at least 1 buffet!Yays:* A variety of food to choose from from and the quality is better than most buffets One yelper mentioned there are 9 stations.  I saw people at the stations cooking nonstop so the food is fresh.* They have macarons, cake pops, gelato and mochi!!!!! ( Tried it all except the cake pops and they were deelish)* The sweet potato fries and fried chicken baskets* The seafood (they'll even warm your crab legs for you), Italian and Asian stations* Prime rib, kolbi sliders and kalbee ribs* Our waitress was really nice and apologized for our wait.  She kept our water glasses filled and was really quick with clearing our table.  Maybe too quick. haha* Crepe station* Nice presentation and gourmet lookingNays:*The ramen/pho/udon station is exciting to see but the taste is meh.  Disappointed.* Mexican station looked a bit unappealing for some reason so I passed right by it. But I liked how they offered dishes I don't usually see at buffets like pozole, tamales, street tacos, corn and sopes.  Maybe I'll try it next time.*The long wait.  Def. avoid the prime dinner time of 6-8 if you don't want to wait.* Jacking up the price during holidays- well I suppose this isn't their fault, gotta make up for the tons of customers to feed I guess...
2	Food is great but service sucks We waited half hour before refills on drinks never saw our waitress.She got drinks wrong also.  Think her name was mercedes
5	I love buffets, you get to sample a little bit of everything instead of just getting one big meal.  Waited only 30 mins to get in, got in just before the dinner rush.  I really like the decor of the place and how everything is set up, real fancy.  On the pricey side but it the newest buffet and you pay for the quality.  I know for what you pay you could get a really nice meal, but what can I say I like buffets.  The Asian station was whatever but the meat and seafood is delicious.  Ate too much and didn't have too much room for desserts.  Will definetly be coming back for more because I like to go to buffets
4	If you are in vegas, one of the things you have to do is go to a buffet. WHY? just because you can stuff your face with international delicious food! Why is it? that the buffet in my home town are so shitty. The only time I go to a buffet is when I go to VEGAS. Normally when I do go to a buffet, its filled with sub par ehhh food but here at bacchanal I can find many items that I love. Which is awesome because i can go for seconds and thirds without paying so much. My favorite item was the prime rib. I even love going to the line and getting the prime rib lol The guy that serves it, is super friendly and funny. He makes me feel at home so I feel at ease revisiting him over and over lolThe price isnt so bad either I only paid 36 and I felt like I got more than my money's worth here.
4	FIRST THING I MUST MENTION IS OUR AWESOME SERVER ENRIQUE! He is soooo awesome. He went out if his way to get my friend ramen when the chef said ramen wont be available for another 30 minutes. Enrique was very friendly and kind for the entire dining experience! THANKS ENRIQUE for being AWESOME!We came on a Saturday night..wait time: almost 2 hours!!!The food is ok. Clams had sand in it. Oyster had sand in it. Crabs were really on point. Asian section is always lacking in quality. Theres not ALOT of selection and theres always a line to get food. TIP: Get two plates..ur gonna b lining up so must as well use two plates at a  time!Probably won't be my first, second, or third choice for buffet...but I want to give 4 stars to Enrique and the decorations of the restaurant. It is VERY PRETTY in there.
5	Probably the best place I have ate on my vegas trip. Not only is the restaurant cool as can be looking, the service was pretty darn awesome. The food was fantastic, specially for a buffet. I left this place feeling like my belly was going to implode over the casino. It's just so darn good, and so much stuff. and I only went during lunch... I could only imagine how awesome the dinner selection is. The food was absolutely delicious, the atmosphere was awesome, server was awesome, overall, great great great experience.
4	I'm torn before a 4 and 5 star for this place.  Definitely a really good buffet but since it was pricier than Wynn and Bellagio buffet I was expecting it to be more wow I guess.  We went on a Tuesday night at 6:00 and only had to wait about 30 minutes. Weekday Dinner is $45/adult.They got Asian, Mexican, Italian, Salad, Soup noodle(pho/ramen), seafood, meat, and dessert stations.I tried:Meat station - Lamb, Ribeye, Prime Rib, and BrisketI got 2 servings of lamb because lamb is the shit, especially with mint jelly.  Brisket was damn good also since it had that layer of fat on top with the smoky, charred rub on it(didn't even need to slap bbq sauce on it).  Ribeye and Prime rib were meh to me.  Ribeye was really tender but missing the s & p.  I didn't get the fat cap with the cut of prime rib I got so it was just whatever and lacking any flavor.Seafood - Shrimp cocktail and a ridiculous amount of oysters and crab legs.Large pieces of shrimp, small oysters, and mounds of crab legs(cold or hot).  I was hoping there would be king crab legs but it's weekday dinner so that's why they didn't have it I'm guessing.  This is what most asians go for so we definitely had our fill.Dessert - Everything. I can't even think to name everything.  Oh, they have crepes.  I didn't like any of the weird flavors of sorbets though...watermelon mint and chili lime mango.Punished our stomachs as usual at a buffet and everything was good but for $35 bucks I could go to bellagio or wynn buffet and I think I'd be just as happy.  Definitely a top contender for buffets though.
5	I absolutely love love this buffet! Best buffet in Vegas considering how much food there is in the restaurant, phenomenal!! Always hot & fresh & to mention the dessert bar is amazing!! They even have macarons, to die for!!!! Delicious each and every time! Yes it's expensive but I feel you get what you pay for!! I love this buffet!!
5	OMG where do I even start. Gluttony is one of the 7 deadly sins, and I sure as hell planned on committing it in Sin City. It's times like these when I wish I was a cow, and had 4 stomachs. But alas, I do not but I sure ate like a cow. For a $45 dollar dinner, you'd be a fool to not eat like one! This is not a time to be faithful to your diet. This is a time to cheat cheat cheat because well, you paid for it. Located in the Caesars Palace, I was so excited to try this buffet out. I drove from LA to Vegas, and made sure not to eat breakfast or lunch before getting to Vegas. I suggest not eating for at least the whole day if you come for dinner because with all the food here, you'll want to be hungry. When I first saw the line, the first thing I wanted to do was RUN. I was so surprised it was long because I went on a Tuesday. It looked like a line from a theme park! I can't even imagine the lines on weekends.  I was in starvation mode and the line just made me so sad. But I decided to stay and it was worth it. The line went by surprisingly fast and before I knew it we were seated after about 20 minutes. This was the biggest best buffet I've ever been too.  Their food is divided into sections like Seafood, Mexican, Asian, Italian, and American.  I like how they serve the food in small portions so you can try a lot of different food.My favorite thing there was the shrimp cocktail on steroids! They were the juiciest biggest shrimp cocktail I've ever seen. SO GOOD. There was a station with all types of meats that they cut for you but the line was so long so i didn't even bother.  I decided to get the tacos instead, and they were just as good as the tacos I get from LA trucks. The pasta that I tried like lasagna and rigatoni was amazing too. All the food was such good quality. They had cute little drinks in glass bottles near the Mexican station. I helped myself to unlimited horchata and mango juice.After driving through 4 hours of endless desert to get from LA to Vegas, I was so relieved to see endless DESSERT! They have gelato and endless mochi, and a crepe station where you can make your own crepes.  On top of that they had cake pops, chocolate covered strawberries, and red velvet woopie pies, a million types of cake, and the best part was UNLIMITED MACARONS. Macarons are usually almost $2 each in other places, and here I could eat as many as I please. They were just as good as the ones at the restaurants too.Me and my friends stayed a full 2 hours stuffing our faces, and I pretty much had to be rolled out of there.  Hands down the best buffet in Vegas.
4	I see why this is rated the best buffet in Vegas currently.  Line was about 30-40 mins on a Saturday afternoon.  Many different food stations with tons of great choices.  Lots of deserts as well including gelato and macaroons.  Definitely hit up the seafood section with lobster chowder, ceviche, king crab legs, oysters, mussels, clams and of course cocktail shrimp.  All the other stations were very good as well.  Was a little disappointed with the carving station and the prime rib, but the lamb chops were BOMB!
4	Worth the wait and the money...be sure you are hungry. Brunch worked best for me except I couldn't last long enough to get to the oysters. The service is awesome...people tip the cooks, waitstaff, and the bussers!
3	Some unexpected choices that makes this buffet stand out.Went to the buffet for a late lunch on the Buffet of Buffet pass.  We had to pay $20/person on top.Some unexpected and noteworthy items:--the extensive raw bar: lots of shrimps, mussels, oyster on the half-shell, oyster shooters and ceviche; fresh cucumber juice and tropical juices--big Mexican food section with fresh juices: tamarind, mango and pineapple juices, horchata; good carnitas--extensive Asian food section: good springrolls, reasonable barbecue pork, fresh sliced ginger--extensive dessert section with lots of ice cream and sherbet choices: notables include toasted coconut, fig and balsamic, and baklava ice creams; blood orange sherbet and mango lime chili sherbet (all yummy!)--Kobe slidersThe service was attentive--they re-filled our drinks and checked on us frequently.Some not so hot items:Asian foods: sushi (Costco caliber), fried wontons, tofu was probably not freshCarver station: prime rib and brisket (dry and tasteless)Seafood: Mussel Meunier were gritty; lobster corn something or other was too saltyDessert: crepe station where someone cooked the crepes but did not fill them.Overall one of the better buffets.
5	I liked it...I actually was afraid of this place because all I had heard from friends was that it was just okay but I actually found a lot of different things I enjoyed here.- roasted duck - my goodness, this was melt in your mouth good here! I actually was thinking there is no way this can be all you can eat.- porridge - more Asian food that tasted good? I can't believe it, but the porridge here with the fried donut (which I could not believe they had here) was THE perfect way to end the meal (yes I skipped out on dessert)- sushi - surprisingly, the sushi section of this buffet was decent- the rice seemed prepped properly and the fish looked fresh. There was a guy making hand rolls but I had no idea where he was setting them out- cream of mushroom soup - this was simply ridiculous! I tried not eating too much of it because of the truffle essence and as you know, if you drink, and then you burp, and you had truffle... well yeah... don't be THAT guy- steak here was decent, got a semi fatty piece; so was the crab legs; oysters were so tiny it felt like they shouldn't have even offered it- the other buffet fillers - nothing really stood out to meWould I come back? Absolutely- I'm curious how they are for their brunch/lunch hour...
5	There is really no reason to go to any other buffet in your lifetime. It was about 35 bucks during the week for lunch I believe. The selection is just unbelievable. And everything is top notch. Sashimi was amazingly seasoned, I think I ate about $35 worth of sashimi alone so I was totally satisfied. The other seafood was fresh. Desserts! Went with 3 other girls we got probably 1 of each dessert and split them all so we wouldn't be wasteful. It was a giddy 30 mins just eating desserts. I would go there alone for the sushi or the dessert, or the amazing grill selection. But I got all 3 for an amazing price. It's sin city so you might as well be gluttonous :)
5	Great quality food and excellent care in preparation and presentation. I'm not a frequent buffet person, so this exception was well worth it. The crab legs were wonderful. We enjoyed a little taste of so many wonderful foods. Great fun & we enjoyed the bottomless mimosas too - keep them coming!
1	wait for 1 hrs and 28 minutes and all that hype for nothing. old and  awful taste pizza, old sushi, chewy prime ribs, a lot of dishes are tasteless, most of the dishes are basic, small dessert areas
5	You know that feeling when you eat somewhere so good you JUST have to go home and tell everyone about it? Or when the price is so high but the food so amazing, you and your friends come in at 3pm for lunch price and eat for 4 hours until dinner just to get at those lamb chops (no shame...)? Or when you get 10 rounds of food and then 20 rounds of dessert? How about when you and your party just have to exclaim to each other how incredible the food is in between every other bite? Yep, this is it. I don't think I'll ever eat at another buffet as good as this again. It has come to a point where if I'm only in Vegas for 3 hours, I'd come here.. and here only.
4	First let me preface this by saying after 3 nights in Vegas I went to the World Carnival at Rio, Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan, and then Bacchanal at Ceasar's. I started getting sick the day of Bacchanal, I'm guessing I drank a drop of that grimy pool water at Rehab the day before, because that night was about the time I started feeling the bug. Anyways on a 5 night binger in Vegas, I thought this was going to be my last meal that I could enjoy. I was not disappointed. I can really only review the things I had and the experience I had here. So we'll start with:Plate #1Leek dumpling, not too much dough and the soup was still warm, mmm fond memory. The fried dumpling wasn't as bad as frozen dumplings I guess that's all I can say about them, typical greasy deep fried potstickers, probably not worth the stomach room but if you're craving it, eat it, it will at least satisfy that. The hot and sour soup was a hit at the table, it definitely lives up to it's name, as being both spicy and sour, a little more spicy and sour than I'm used to, but at least it does the name justice. Also a bonus: had a station next to the soup to put extra things in, like chives! I love chives. Shrimp spring rolls in that peanut butter sauce, decent not the best but definitely satisfying for a buffet. Plate #2Time for some BBQ. Got a piece of the prime rib, better than Wicked Spoon's, if anyone can relate to that, otherwise not better than anything you could make yourself, if you know how to make a roast and had the time, but it was juicy enough and rare enough in most places. Like most places however the slice was huge and couldn't finish it. Kielbasa, very tasty with some dijon mustard, nothing special though, how do you mess up kielbasa, really? Lamb shank, ok here we go. You look at it on your plate and you see the bone and the fat slab of meat on the end like a big 'ole meat lollipop and you are excited. You're thinking, I'm going to devour this, and it's going to taste great. At least that was what I thought until I had one bite and realized it was over cooked and not prepared in a matter that I would have prepared it and thought it was a waste of the meat. Let me tell you how I really feel, right? Sorry, I was just excited about it and I didn't like the seasoning and it tasted like it was boiled?? Also way overdone. Could have just been mine, and I would say that but it was everyones at the table. Oh well you can't win them all. Wagyu beef sliders! Tasty, get them. The meat definitely shines through in the little slider, cool presentation as well. The bread was buttery and light. Went to the fried baskets and got the "Chef's Special" which was fried pickles, I do love me some fried pickles, kosher spears in a delightfully light batter, bar food, beer food, comfort food. Yum. Plate #3Sushi,I got every piece of sushi they offer and poke! That being said, the plate wasn't full. Shrimp tempura roll, some rainbow roll, spicy tuna or salmon roll, then salmon and tuna nigiri, and poke! The sushi was sushi. That is it, nothing special here, pretty prototypical of any all you can eat sushi, whatever. Poke! You usually don't see it too often at buffets, although I see it more often now, It was good. The tuna was very fresh and spicy. Worth the stomach room if you like poke. Plate #4At this point I'm feeling kinda full and that stomach bug is acting up, I know I have precious valuable time before I hit a wall or the bathroom. I go to the seafood, I think this is not going to bode well for later on in the night, for we have plans to see Kaskade at Tao. But I can't help myself when I see a sign for lobster rolls, I wait for a new batch. Looks like a little crostini with some sort of lobster schmear... Now I am from New England. No way you are going to tell me that that is a friggin' lobster roll. Whatever, I want one. I look at the rest of the seafood and think about Kaskade and back away slowly. The lobster roll, was, well not a lobster roll. I could taste the half slice of grape tomato that resides on top of the pink goop on top, not good. I go right to the desserts. I wish I could have a second stomach at this point. I already did a cursory glance before hand and saw mochi at the ice cream station, drool. I get a oreo chocolate dome cake, fig balsamic and thai tea ice cream with a strawberry mochi. Ok. I could eat a tub of that fig balsamic. The thai tea was also tremendous, better than Wicked Spoon, I just liked the sweetness/tea balance in it more. The oreo dome cake was magical as well. Also had a piece of a friends honey comb chocolate bar? Very interesting, I don't know how I didn't see that but it was good, poor honey bees.Great buffet, get there early. There was a huge line at 6. We waited probably 20 minutes and paid the 20 dollars extra for the shorter line. Everything was prepared well, and of high quality. When I think of "Vegas buffet" this is the kind of stuff I think about.
5	If you are in Vegas and want to try buffets, make sure you stop here! Amazing and scrumptious. The biscuits and gravy are worth 5 stars alone. A bit pricey (around $48) but the food is so good you want to keep eating and eating! They have everything you can possibly want for brunch. Italian, Chinese, Mexican, Seafood, etc...We ate so much food we really didn't have room for dessert but they all looked amazing! Next time we are in Vegas we are definitely coming here
5	This is by far the best buffet I`ve ever been to. The selection of food was endless. I kept walking, and walking and the line seemed never ending. Also, everything tasted fresh and delicious. An army of staff were on their feet, replacing every tidbit of foot I took.Some of my favorite foods were the Miso Soup, the soul food style fried chicken and the pistachio ice cream.My friends and I ended up spending over three hours here, and will definitely come back when returning to Vegas.
3	EH....NEXTTTTTTTTTTT...is all I gotta say about this place.  I think it was a little overhyped for me.  I was expecting to be blown out of the waters with this buffet as everyone kept telling me how great it was.  But I wasn't really impressed with much.  I will say that I enjoyed their sushi bar, unlimited macarons, mushroom soup, pork tacos, sweet potato tots, fresh mango juice, and roasted duck.  Not sure if it's enough for me to justify paying $54 for.  Some big disappointments included the prime rib which was dry and very red, soup dumplings which were dry, the oysters which were very small, the crawfish which were somewhat dark and not fresh, and limited dessert bar.  I'm not sure if this was done on purpose, but they seated the four of us in a section right near the Asian foods, and as we looked around we noticed nothing but Asian customers in our section....just a funny observation I guess.  Overall, I think I would pick Wicked Spoon over this place even though I wasn't completely blown away by Wicked Spoon either.  The prime rib was a huge let down at Bacchanal compared to Wicked (which I feel has the best prime rib) and that to me makes a buffet worth the money...so I would probably pass on this buffet next time around and try the M buffet next.
5	Best Breakfast / Lunch buffet in Las Vegas.  Hands down! One dish that got me the most was their lobster seafood chowder which was amazing! They always have different item each day. They had wide variety of desserts including Gelato, i'm in heaven.
4	If you got to any one buffet in Vegas, I think this is the one.  They have an amazing of amount of unique foods to offer such as cooked to order street tacos, lobster corn chowder, lamb chops, etc.  This buffet is one of Vegas' premium Buffet (think Aria, Wicked Spoon, etc), and as such, commands a premium entry price.  The price was higher than normal the day we went because it was Labor Day Weekend.  The line in was over an hour and a half wait at 7:30pm on a Saturday.  We decided to pay the express fee to skip the line; even so, it was a half hour wait.  Not too bad.  Most of everything offered here are in small portion size; it helps pace you.  Our favorites were the seafood selection and the dessert island.  We believe the food you get at Bacchanal is distinct from other buffets which is worth your time and money.
5	this place as far as quality and variety is as good as it gets for a las vegas buffet. be sure to get there super early for dinner to beat the crowds. their seafood and dessert selections are outstanding. my personal favorites there included the jumbo shrimp cocktail, pho noodles, and thai tea ice cream. since we went on a holiday weekend the price was increased by $10 per person. however we felt we got our money's worth. also had 4 different non alcoholic beverages which are included in the meal (mango and pineapple juice, ginger gale, and green tea).  i would go back for the sure. but as for overall value the M resort is still the one to beat!
1	Overrated buffet!!!!!!  Totally not happy about it!First of all, the wait was long when there were still so many opening seats available.  Forget about this because it was labor day weekend.  Let's talk about food.  A lot of varieties of food choice, but it tastes like inexpensive buffet that only cost less than $15.  Totally can't talk about quality here.  I wouldn't come back for this expensive but no quality buffet, unless you have no where else to spend your money.  Got that!?I would rather spend $60 for some decent quality of appetizer!
3	I've heard rave reviews about Bacchanal but I'm not entirely sure what all the hype is.  Granted, I was in Vegas on a super busy weekend (Labor Day) so prices were hiked up (to $65) and the wait was extraordinarily long (2 hours!).  One thing that was a nice touch was that they had people passing out free bottled water and popcorn (cinnamon sugar and white chocolate) while we waited.  We had a large group of 9 people and they said if we wanted to sit together, we'd have to wait ANOTHER hour so we said screw it and parted ways to sit at two separate tables.The buffet ambiance itself its gorgeous and huge.  They have a decent enough variety like salad, cheeses, Asian, Mexican, seafood, and meats.  The waits weren't crazy long once we were inside and I made sure to get my share of meats and seafoods.  Notable favorites were: mac n cheese (SO creamy and cheesy that I wanted more but alas could not fill my stomach), cream of mushroom soup, oysters, ceviche.  I thought a lot of the meats were overly salty and couldn't eat too much, but they do offer a variety (from prime rib to brisket to ribs, oh my!).  They also have an entire dessert section in which I indulged on mochi ice cream (even Asian flavors like red bean and black sesame!), macarons, bread pudding, tiramisu, etc. Keep in mind that they do serve coffee or tea afterwards but espresso is an extra $5 (boo, since I'm already spending so much on food).Everyone gorged on food, but then after we all left really uncomfortable and sick.  I'm not sure if it was the food we were eating or the amount of food, but that doesn't seem too normal (especially for the boys).  I think most of us didn't eat another real meal for at least 24 hours.  Overall, the food was fine but not necessarily worth the wait and the price.
2	Went there for my in law's birthday. I must say, this buffet isn't worth the price AT ALL!!!!  I don't understand why everyone love this buffet, Chinese food section was just alright. I had some steam crab leg, I didn't taste much crab-ness.  I'm not a meat eater, so their carving station didn't "wow" me as well. The only thing that I love from this buffet was their little tiny cheesecake. Sigh,I should've gone and try Wicked Spoon. Such a disappointment!!!
5	This has to be my favorite Vegas buffet! There was so much variety that you don't expect everything to taste as good as it does! And it was so hard to try everything that we actually ate there twice in one trip!There are lots of seafood options, Italian, Asian, Mexican, etc. Freshly carved prime rib, brisket, gourmet sausages...Everything here is just upped a notch. For instance, fried chicken and fries? NO. Fried chicken and SWEET POTATO fries! Made to order udon, pho, and ramen...crab legs galore - chilled or freshly steamed in the Italian station.And get this....CONGEE! WITH FRIED DONUTS! My hungover self has never been so happy. Bachannal, you've really thought of everything.Their desserts are also to die for...macaroons, gelato, mochi, creme brulee, chocolate covered strawberries...anything and everything sweet your heart has ever desired.$50/person and a crazy wait if you come after 5pm. Price is steep, but you get what you pay for!
5	I've been to this buffet four times this summer, and it's stellar every time. For some reason, I've been extremely lucky in that I haven't had to wait in line longer than 15-20 minutes. I've heard horror stories from friends saying that the line can be over an hour long, if you come at the wrong time. Try to make it for brunch, when they serve all-you-can-drink mimosas or champagne. Nevertheless, each time the food has been great. They have a great selection of asian cuisine, which ranges from sushi to dim sum to steamed fish to Korean BBQ.  Their seafood is really good, including hot and cold crab legs, jumbo shrimp, raw oysters, muscles, crawfish, and more.  I can honestly say that I've never tried the taco, salad or cheese area... because once I finish 3 plates of crab legs, sushi, and steamed fish, I go immediately to the prime rib, brisket, and lamb chop area.  The lamb chops can be a little salty, but the flavor is so good that it doesn't matter.  After 10 plates of entrees, make sure you visit the wide variety of desserts.  They have anything you can possible think of!
4	I came here over Labor Day weekend, which bumped up the price from $32, to $64.  I did not find this out until I got to the register, after I had waited in line for 1 hour.  I had already thought $32 was expensive, let alone $64.  The only reason I came was because my friends wanted to come here. After the initial price shock, I was amazed by the endless amounts of food.  It was all very good quality.  Anything you could imagine, they had.  The dessert station was my favorite part.  The waiters brought out unlimited glasses of mimosas and quickly cleared each plate as it was finished off. I don't typically like the idea of buffets, because it promotes eating excessive amounts of food, especially if you are trying to get your money's worth...like $64 worth.. Overall, it was a fun experience, but I would never pay that much for a meal again.
4	Came here on a Thursday for the second time. It was sooooo good; much better than the last time I tried it back in Jan 2013. They had these check in machines that sent messages to your phone when to come back as if you were in line. We waited around 30 minutes for that, and then were immediately seated. The WARM CRAB LEGS, omg soooo good. I don't think a lot of people know that they have it near the pizza section. **HINT** ahah. There's also unlimited mimosas, my favorite and always a bonus. The prime rib was very yummy as well as the tuna poke salad. The roasted duck was alsooo bomb and the pho was pretty authentic. I made my boyfriend get the hoison sauce but when he asked the guy behind the counter, he said he didn't know what that was. Strange but that's okay because we found it later on.The second time we came back this weekend on Sunday. The line was ridiculous... and they didn't have the machines this time. We waited in line for maybe 30 minutes and that didn't take us anywhere. We didn't want to wait any longer so we got into the express line which costed $20 more per person. The total came out to be $160ish. Very pricy in my opinion. I guess the second time wasn't as amazing but they did offer watermelon juice and lamb. They also have fresh crepes and even mochi ice cream! The mint watermelon and thai tea ice creams were my favorite!!!I will come back here, just maybe not anytime soon as my go-to buffet will always be the Buffet at the Wynn.
4	MY BUFFET RESUME: The Wynn, Wicked Spoon, Bellagio, the M, the RioAnd now...the Bacchanal!THE HIGHLIGHTS: What you really go here for are the oysters and the crab legs. Crab legs are meaty, and you have the choice of either having them cold or steamed depending on your preference. The oysters are the best I've had from any buffet in Vegas. They have a large supply of the smaller sweeter oysters that are not briney.  Why in your right mind would you eat giant raw oysters is beyond me! The cocktail shrimp...wow! They are massive and perfectly cooked! Slightly sweet with that perfect bouncy consistency without it being hard and rubbery. Obviously I spent most of my time eating seafood, but other memorable things were the Posole, Mushroom Risotto, and what I believe was Raspberry Panna Cotta.BE SMART, PAY LESS: Like any seasoned Vegas buffet-goer. Come here right at the end of lunch, pay lunch price, eat dinner food. If you are coming here for a weekend trip try to squeeze this in on a Friday. The lines are short and won't be swarming with people who just woke up from a long night of raging and are grumpy and hungry. There is a line to pay, then a line to wait to get in. Dinner starts at 3pm so as long as you pay before then, you are good to go. I came here on the Friday of Labor Day weekend and we arrived around 2:40, paid within minutes (around $32 plus tax per person), and were in by a little after 3. Extremely pleased! THE LET DOWN: I was extremely disappointed in the meats! There was a wide variety such as different types of ribs and prime rib and sausages but there was SO much of it sitting out it didn't look appetizing or fresh. My first piece of prime rib was way too salty and well done so I went back and asked for a rarer piece to give it another chance. Nope, still no go. I also tried a KC style rib...extremely dry. Wynn and Bellagio, although not as fancy in presentation anymore compared to Bacchanal and Wicked spoon, still win in the meats department. Less variety there but better quality. FANCY SHMANCY AMBIENCE: Ambience is beautiful. Take time to take it all in while you are taking a digestion-break, you paid for it! Half of the space is based on glass elements with actual drinking glasses/vases used as the lighting fixtures and the back half is all based with wood elements as the walls, ceilings, etc. DIVERSE CUISINE: Seafood section (mussels, crab legs, oysters, seafood paella, lobster rolls), "American" cuisine (sliders, fried chicken, mac n cheese), Mexican cuisine (tacos made in front of you, delicious posole), Italian (variety of pastas, chicken marsala, meatballs), Asian (duck, kbbq, made to order udon and ramen, dim sum) and much more!CONCLUSION: $32 well spent! Not sure if i'd pay the dinner price of $50+ for it though. SO COME EARLY! GRUB ON MY FRIENDS :)
5	OMG I should be selfish and not tell you about this buffet but I will.  Try the beef tacos, anything from the seafood station like the shrimp grits & ceviche.  The Italian, sushi & Asian are in the back corner it's ok. Dessert is displayed so beautifully.
4	We came here twice of course different times, when it first open. And this buffet is part of buffet to buffet the 24 hr bracelet pay $10 extra, so well worth it. The seafood are so fresh and desserts are awesome, lots of selection. My bf have to eat here every time we are in vegas, this time he ate the salmon and steam bass thru the night. He raved and noted next time we are we will eat here first. Only thing that is disappoint is the line, never fails it takes a good hour and half other than its our second place where we have to have..Serves needs to be a little more prompt, slow attending.
3	Buffets can be overhyped for Vegas, but I have to say that this was pretty good for a buffet.  Decor was definitely nice with wood paneling and modern feel.  Asian food options were actually pretty decent along with the shellfish and carving stations.  It's pricey, but it's Vegas and the food wasn't too bad.  I would recommend if you're wanting to go to a buffet.
4	3.5 but I am rounding up. Lots of selection! (For Lunchtime) Even the chinese food corner wasn't as bad as I anticipated. Except the duck was a tad fatty so I only had a tiny piece when I would've liked to have more. The workers there were friendly. Particularly the guy cutting the meat. He joked around saying how the pieces I was asking for was too small and said I should enjoy eating a more "normal" sized portion haha. But of course I was only trying to save space in my stomach for a chance to be able to try everything! I also thought the fresh juice next to the seafood was a plus. They had fresh squeezed fruit, cucumber, even carrot juice! The only downside was that the desserts were WAY tooooo sweet! After eyeing the dessert section I was excited to eat all the cute sweets they had, only to find out that one bite or nibble from anything was already enough. The desserts certainly look real good and appealing, but one bite of a few was more than enough for my sweet tooth. All in all, I still recommend this buffet for your trip to Vegas!
3	I loved this place the first time I came, the food was great it was relaxing and even though it was crowded you didn't have lines for food more then a minute or so.I went this weekend and given it was a holiday but some of their practices just sucked!  I waited in line for 2 hours to see a sign at the registers saying "Due to the Holiday limit your dining time to 2 hours" okay 2 hours is alot but our plan was to sit relax enjoy dinner and talk.  That was really irritating.  If they want to push more people out of there so they can make more money then charge a discount for limiting our time!Then the "platinum / diamond" members line was just ridiculous.  I know these people spend lots of money but it wasn't like Disneyland where they let 1 go from the normal line and 3 from the fast line.  It was they ALL get to go 1st.  So we would see people walk up and be seated within 5 minutes whereas everyone else was waiting 2 hours or more.  And it wasn't a few people there were tons of platinum members.Overall if there is more than a 10 minute line I will not return to this place.
4	Great selection of seafood: oysters, crab legs, cocktail shrimps, mussels. Dont forget their desserts though: mochi, ice cream, and all their little cakes. However, there wasnt many varieties of sushi. Came in at 4pm on Friday and we were seated right away. The place started to get crowded around 5:30 pm and by the time we walk out, there was a long line waiting outside. Diner is $43, a little pricey but worth it.
4	Yum if you like buttery selections (eg. Broccoli , mac'n'cheese, mashed potatoes).  They do have a nice selection of Asian foods.  We went for lunch.  The dude cutting the meats have a positive attidude and makes the experience more enjoyable .  Though the price is a little high $41.99 for weekend brunch, but definitely worth a try.  You can save a whole buck if you are a current Caesar card holder, woot.
4	First let me preface this by saying that I do NOT enjoy buffets.  While they're generally quite affordable, I definitely appreciate quality of food over quantity.However, I was more than pleasantly surprised by the presentation AND the taste of the different cuisines.  But I'll get to that - first let me get to the details:- expect a wait.  I MEAN A LONG WAIT.  We were probably in line for about 30 minutes, and this was NOT during the dinner rush.- it's about $50/ per person so it's not affordable, but definitely worth the cost- the interior and sitting does NOT feel like a buffet.  This felt extremely high end and sophisticated, which was a nice change from other buffets- there are about 5-6 different cuisines.  As much as I wanted to try all, I could only stuff myself with about 3.  Crazy!The food was amazing, but not out of this world, after all - it is still just a buffet.  I would definitely go again just for the experience, because there's so much variety and nothing is mediocre.  I also absolutely fell in love with their hot and sour soup!!!A great Vegas experience if you're looking to get lots of food in Vegas style.  But if you're looking for amazing food, I would deter from any buffet. :)
2	Feast of the gods my a$$! Waited in line for an hour and a half only to get inside and have to wait wait wait at each food line for food that was just Ok. The same goes for the dessert. The ice cream tasted like ice milk, the strawberries were not ripe, the tiramisu was nothing to write home about. Not one thing amazingly delicious or decadent, nothing unique, nothing knock your socks off I have to go back for more of that good. The presentation was nice but the flavor lacked a punch. The service was good:waiters and waitresses were very polite, our beverage glasses stayed full, one waiter even stood watch over our plates as we went back to try some other foods. When u walk in they take your group's picture then later on try to sell it to you for $35. $35?! After the wait we had and the $50 we paid to eat this food that's just one step above golden corral they should've given everyone that damn pic for free. The buffet at the Bellagio is MUCH better! At the end of our Baccha-not experience we concluded that we should've just gone to our old fav the Bellagio.
1	Not worth the wait and money! I could have paid the same price and have a decent dinner anywhere else. The wait was like 2 hours!!! Seafood was okay. Hot food was below average. Dessert was okay. Dont try their macaroon if you have the fantasy of trying good macaroon. They are tasted like cough drop! Not a pleasant dinner at all!!!
5	The bucchanal buffet at Caesar's palace is 9.5 stars out of 10 for me. Excellent variety of choices and high quality prepared food. My favorites choices were the different ceviche's, the sashimi, the freshly made ice cream (tai tea ice cream was awesome), and the mexican rice.
4	Was so excited to try out THE most popular and raved out buffet in Vegas. Located right in the Caesars palace. Went around 12 ish so you can say line was long. I hear it's around 1-2 hour wait line but luckily this time around it was 40 min. But my gf's and I were hungry so we paid an extra $15 on top of the $40 lunch fee for the express lane and waited only about 5-10 min. The inside is real nice, spacious and clean. Mimosas's are free and lots of other refreshing beverages at the stations. There was about 4 or 5 stations of Asian, Mexican, Breakfast, Seafood, and Italian. The asian station had good dumplings, and the pho hit the spot since we were hungover. For the meat area the habenero sausage link was so juicy and had a nice kick. The meat tacos were real good! highly recommend it!. Of course the food always changes so sad some of the food I saw on the pictures were not at the buffet :( The dessert station was centered right in the middle. The desserts were sadly just okay. I got practically one of each and most were just okay while 2 or 3 were tasty. The gelato was a miss for me. The crepes however were pretty good and made right when you order. I think I just had such high expectations from all the reviews I expected everything to be top notch. Overall I would come again. Still pretty good and would like to try dinner and breakfast. I must say I ate so much I felt I had to be wheel chaired out! Be ware you will leave satisfied and in my case sick haha but worth it :)
4	I'm still trying to figure out the Vegas buffet scene, so take this review with that appropriate grain of salt.I came here last month on a trip to Vegas from LA, and my group of friends and I (some of us who were first timers at Bacchanal, others who had been here at least once) stopped here for dinner on Saturday evening.  Even starting at 5:30-6, there was quite the line.  We waited a good 1+ hr, which I've been told is actually average/not very long for a Vegas buffet.  They kind of trick you because even after you pay at the counter on your way in, you still have to wait in a separate line to be seated.For $52 or so, you get everything under the sun.  I was impressed with not only the variety here but the little things they did to spruce up otherwise ordinary dishes.  For example, there was lobster corn chowder - not like big sized pieces of lobster, but I could still taste it.  The oysters were great and the line was manageable.  Prime rib, of course, was a must as well.  The lamb, in my opinion, was a bit dry, but the angus beef sliders were delicious and also came with a nice serving of sweet potato fries - how can you go wrong?  There's simply too much food to name, but I'll try and run through anything notable.  Some people had said there was fresh juice, and while I didn't see that, they did have a few agua frescas to choose from.  The carnitas from the Mexican section were excellent - moist, delicious, and the best part:  you grab as much as you want.  There was also a braised veal dish around the corner from the Mexican section that was absolutely to-die-for.  The meat melted in my mouth.I wasn't really a fan of the sushi section, and the dim sum seemed oversteamed and like it was sitting out too long, but I suppose these aren't reasons why most people go to buffets.  I was hoping the sushi section would have more raw fish in nigiri form, but the best it offered was a raw salmon-tuna salad, which was good, but not exactly what I was expecting.  I will say there is Chinese duck if that tickles your fancy as well as a black Chinese herbal soup, which was soothing. The ceviche was standard but nothing to write home about.  Dessert was amazing, too.  They have a bunch of different cupcakes - I got a peanut butter one because pb and I are besties, but I thought the cupcake batter was a bit dry.  Otherwise, you have an extremely impressive selection of pies, mousses, etc.  Too bad I didn't save more room for dessert - the savory food was just too good.  I think the best part of my meal, though, was the mochi ice cream I ended my meal with.  It was just too good.  I got black sesame flavor and I prayed that I had a separate stomach just so I could have more. What a perfect way to end a meal.In terms of beverages, make sure you know you can order teas and juices - I got grapefruit juice to help with my digestion during this multimillion caloric meal.  No one said anything about it being freshly juiced, but I was already impressed by the fact that they had it to begin with.Service:  Great!  Everyone was super friendly, despite probably being extremely tired from being overworked on a Saturday evening at such a well-oiled operation.  I feel bad that these workers are putting up with probably an extreme amount of pressure, and they all handled themselves very well, with smiles and grins abound.  No complaints.Bottom line:  I've only been to a few Vegas buffets, but this definitely tops the bunch.  Next on my list, however, is to compare my experience here with the Wynn, where I still haven't been.
2	Talk about a LET DOWN!Of all the things that I did in Las Vegas, this was for sure the biggest, and really the only disappointment. It's truly a shame because I was so so so looking forward to this experience.The Wait-  OK, so there is a wait to get inside. This is understandable so I paid the extra $15 to get in with only about 15 min. wait instead of over an hour. This however, is just the FIRST of many waits to be dealt with. Basically, they have the buffet set up very strategically so that each station has the best stuff at the end of the line,(meats, crab, duck, etc...) so hopefully(to them) you use up the real estate on your plate with cheaper more filling stuff first like bread and pastas. I had to wait anywhere from 20-30 min EACH TIME I wanted a new plate of food!!! I couldn't believe it. Anything that you get towards the beginning of the line is ice cold by the time you actually get to eat it.  There is something seriously wrong when it takes you three or four times as long to GET the food as it does to EAT the food.Just to drive home how long it took to get a plate of food (and how bad the service was) they actually RESEATED MY TABLE when I was in line! Are you kidding me? That shows how pathetically long it takes just to get some food here. Basically you have two hours to eat, but good luck getting more than 3 or 4 plates in that time, its just not gonna happen.Service-  Basically non-existant. I had to flag someone down every time I needed something, and had to ask 3 times just for some salt and pepper. When they finally brought the S&P, of course I was done with the plate that I wanted it for and then when I came back with another plate is when they reseated the table, so I never actually got to use any on my food. Then they left me standing in the middle of the dinning room like an idiot with my plate of food while they figured out what to do. It was pretty embarrassing actually and obviously the food continued to get colder and colder as I waited for them to simply find me a place to eat. Finally they sat me at a four top in the middle of the dinning room and I was able to eat my piece of thin, cold, over-cooked prime rib.So, the waits were numerous and unreasonably long, and the service was equal to about a Denny's. But how was the food?...... There was none of the stuff that I was looking forward to. No stone crab claws, no half-lobster, no caviar, no ribeye steak. There was ABSOLUTELY NOTHING that stood out from either a quality, taste or creativity standpoint. The snow crab was very watery, as was the shrimp. The lamb chops and prime rib were over-done and cold by the time i got to eat them, and they said they don't put the rib eye out until 6:30... really? But you charge full price the entire time. I was so let down that I just left, and before writing this review, just to give them a fair shot at redemption I called to try to speak with someone at the buffet. The first call went to a machine that did not take messages, the second call just kept ringing and ringing, finally the third time I got someone in "total care" or something, who when I told her about my experience asked me if I talked to the manager when I was there. Look, I grew up in this business including high-end, low-end and buffets: If you reseat my damn table when I am at the buffet line, YOU have the manager come over and apologize. Don't make me work harder after you screw up. Besides, I never saw a manager when I was there, only  "servers" and a few ladies that walked around with their ipads trying to jockey the table/seating situation. I certainly didn't see anyone concerned with people's experience.The bottom line is that the price is reasonable for the buffet, but with so many other places to eat in vegas, there was not a single thing that would ever make me want to go back and wait... to wait... and wait...  to eat bland, run-of-the-mill buffet food.
5	Needless to say Bacchanal is one of my favorite buffets in Vegas, the service is fast and the line went by pretty quick... well it was 4pm when I ate there. The food was good! very limited selection though; however, the crab legs are amazing and served both chilled and hot! YummyI really enjoyed their small selection of meats and desserts. Would be coming back here for sure in the future.
3	I was really disappointed in this buffet as I read some great reviews on this place! It was just a regular buffet. My friends and I ate there on a Thursday night which cost us each $49.99. I was expecting all kinds of  tasty foods but it was not all that tasty!! I was angry!! It has all the same types of food all the other buffets have. The only redeeming facto was a very nice girl named Stormy who worked in the ice cream section. She was very nice and suggested a couple of places to go while we were at Ceasars. I give a 5 for Stormy but a 3 for all the crappy food at the buffet!!! Boo on this place!!
5	This is probably the best buffet i have ever been too!!! This place was recommended to me by fellow yelper Vuena L.Came here for my cousins graduation party and this place definitely did not disappoint.  My buffet of choice in vegas used to be M buffet but now it has changed to this place.  The vast array of choices and the quality of their food is incredible.  I started my meal with crab legs, mussel, and shrimp.  All tasted great.  Then went to the area where they served pot roast (very tender, juicy, and flavorful) and beef sliders.  The beef sliders were really delicious.  Cooked with top choice beef and ingredients (i probably had 5 of these).  3rd and 4th round i ended up getting mexican food.  At this time i was pretty much almost full until someone told me that i completely missed the back area where all the asian foods are at.  This place really is phenomenal.  Just when i thought i couldnt eat anymore i had to hit the dessert section.  They have a wide variety of mochi balls. ice cream, cakes, pastries, and other delectables. I only ended up getting the mochi and ice cream.  Dinner price i believe is $44.99 and its worth every penny.  I would not mind spending that type of money for the quality and selection of food this place has to offer.
3	MEH I was disappointed after hearing about how great this place was, we got here around noon and there was a very short line but right after we got in line the line VERY quickly got extremely long so I guess we got lucky. $41 per person for lunch on a sunday for us.a large variety of different types of food but each type had very basics, you get your Asian section with your typical stuff you would see at panda express and some special items like the pork bun and stuff, nothing amazing though.Mexican section was good, they have a taco guy that makes u warm tacos, some beans, some salsa, some rice, and they have a small ice chest with special Mexican drinks so that was pretty coolmeat selection was pretty good, and the meat server guy was really nice, the prime rib was TOP NOTCH, definitely the best item at the buffet for sure, it was very soft and tender, melted in my mouth, done right! seafood section was mostly cold stuff, I didn't really get much from there at allthen there were some chicken and waffles, eggs, breakfast items, pizza and omlettes dessert section looked nice, mostly cakes, pies, ice cream, crepes but nothing was amazing to me, my favorite was probably the oreo moose cake which was pretty good!glad I gave this place a shot after hearing all about it but I would probably try another buffet next time, don't get me wrong this is definitely one of the better buffets but just not as amazing as everyone makes it sound.
5	When you walk in to a buffet and they give you a small rubber contraption just to hold hot plates with...you know your palette is in for some insane-whatever-happens-in-vegas-stays-in-vegas-goodness... but man, oh man, that is an understatement.  You walk in and the place looks like a 5-star restaurant...the ambiance, and the presentation of everything is simply majestic.  But of course...what are we here for?  What are you reading this review for?  the FOOD!!!!I gotta say, I am totally in LOVE with Bacchanal Buffet.  Why?  I'll give you at least TEN reasons why...I can probably give you 50, but time is of the essence, and I'm sure you don't have that much essence to read a review of that length...1)  Portions - the presentation and portion size is such a great idea, not that they were the first ones to ever create it, but still, it's nice to have it already prepared for you to take because the serving has been set; that way you avoid the possibility of loading up too much on certain items.  It seems like you should be walking around with cafeteria trays just to carry all the single portions around, but I guess that prevents you from overloading too2) Wagyu beef sliders....O M G, if you've never heard of grass fed beef, Wagyu I heard is some form of Kobe beef hybrid...but it is EXCELLENT.  Definitely worth getting a few of them.3)  Crab legs...you have the option of getting them steamed.  Just ask for them, don't get them from the cold iced area, give them an empty plate and ask for the steamed crab legs4)  Ramen - Never saw a buffet actually have ramen, udon, and pho before, and I would never have thought it would be so good, but d to the ayam man...it really was.  The broth was excellent!  I HAD to stop myself from getting more so that I could be sure to try everything.5)  Breakfast items...skirt steak and eggs, truffled potatoes, mini-red velvet pancakes and even CRONUTS were the standouts for the breakfast items to note.  6)  Fresh squeezed juices...poured into single-serve carafes...another awesome idea, both presentation-wise and practical...wise, he he he.  Horchata, Carrot, and your normal juices all available, super fresh, and super good. :)7)   Carne Asada tacos...man!  Such good quality carne asada makes for some amazing tacos!8)  Gelato, ice cream, too many too choose from for dessert, especially the....9)  Lava cake for dessert....just the way you'd want to have it10) Oh before i forget, PEELED Jumbo Shrimp coctail...I LOVE that!   I hate peeling shrimp, esp for shrimp coctail, he he he.  I mean, i can only review what I remember...I almost wish I had my laptop and a video camera during the whole experience, but hey, we do what we can. :)Wish there were some oysters, but could've been an availability thing.It's roughly $50 bucks unless you're some sort of high roller, so for us commoners...it can be a little steep...but TRUST me, it's totally worth it!   Your stomach will be thanking you for days.  Hands down my absolute favorite  buffet out there...I've hit up Bellagio, M, Rio Seafood and regular, and pretty much all of the main buffets out there(still haven't tried the one at Cosmo yet), but it is head and shoulders above the rest.  I still like M, but just the items here blew me away.Service staff is very friendly and you can pretty much ask for anything...don't forget your mimosas...for those of you over 21 of course.My Advice, go early for brunch...esp if you like breakfast items, because you get the best of both worlds.  I would say to come around 10-10:30 on a the weekends to avoid the crazy crowds and to ensure you start getting your food quick.  I haven't yet tried dinner and I know that there are some items that are available ONLY at dinner, such as the Macarons, but I don't really care much for them, and we confirmed with some hosts that the most variety is available around brunch time.I used to say that I can't come to vegas without putting a SINGLE bet on something...but now I gotta say I can't come to vegas without eating at Bacchanal! :)
4	We had brunch here for the first time and it was a great experience. Food was good quality and lots of variety. The best part was the fresh Gelato at the desert bar. Line was pretty long but very worth it! Overall it made me wanna come back and try there dinner!
4	If you're visiting Vegas, you have to try this place. HOLY DELICIOUSNESS. This was SEAFOOD HEAVEN for me. I'm not going to lie, I completely skipped everything and went straight for the seafood. I loaded my plate up with crab, oysters, sea bass, and shrimp for my first plate, then went back for more for my second plate. My dad must have had 3 plates of seafood. The lobster bisque and seafood paella were also amazing! Some of the seafood items I wasn't as thrilled about were the crawfish, sushi, ceviche, mussels, and clams, so my best advice would be to skip these and just grab more crab instead. I didn't try their prime rib because my brother said it wasn't worth it but their sausage was really juicy. I also really enjoyed their ramen. The broth was very rich and full of flavor. I barely remember anything but the seafood because I was in seafood bliss during the entire buffet. All I know is there was just SO MUCH FOOD. It was like sensory overload for me. I could barely contain my excitement. Luckily, I saved an itsy bitsy little pocket of room in my stomach for dessert which was perfect for ice cream, creme brulee, and red velvet whoopie pie. My only complaint about dessert is the creme brulee had a really weird texture to it. But there are so many different desserts to choose from, this didn't affect my experience at all. They have a big ice cream bar set up with a bunch of different flavors, mochi ice cream, pies and cakes for days, and a whole bunch of other stuff I can't remember because there was just too much food. Next time I'm back in Vegas, I will definitely stop by Bacchanal again. We were lucky enough to get in without having to wait at all. Try to go on a Sunday around 5 and you probably won't have to deal with the long lines I've heard about.
1	5 stars for the food. Very tasty. 0 stars for the customer service. Waited over 3 hours in line to pay $60 per plate. When my party of 7 went to pay before being seated, we were told our party had to split into a table of 5 and a table of 2. I drove 12 hours to meet with family, and was willing to wait longer to sit together. Multiple staff members assured that there was no possibility and we were forced to split up. When being seated, there were plenty of open tables for groups of 8! I couldn't believe it.
2	I came here after Christmas. There was a $48 brunch price because they considered December the 27th a holiday. The inflated price was nowhere to be posted and you are only notified after waiting in this long line and reaching the pay station. Talk about sneaky and greedy! 2 hour time limit for food? Heck no say it isn't so! There was plenty of basic starchy foods such as pizza, pasta, fries, onion rings, waffle, noodles, rice. I skipped the starches. I tried ha gao, cha sui, cha sui ribs, brisket, prime rib, cheesy broccoli, tater tots, and onion rings. The brisket was really good and all else was meh.. The dessert station looked uninteresting. I tried the chocolate pecan pie and a chocolate chip cookie. The nuts in the pecan pie were stale. Yuck! The chocolate chip cookie was good, it had chocolate in the center which was a very nice touch. Would I eat here again? Definitely not for $48, maybe if it were $20.
1	My experience at this buffet can be described in three letters.... WTF?... It's low quality food at fine dining prices. My buyer's regret over this place is worse than loosing all that money in one of the casinos would be. The only way they can count 500+ dishes is if they count all the condiments in as separate dishes. It's your friendly neighborhood Todai Buffett at overinflated price and a long line to get in. Skip it to avoid huge disappointment and spend your money someplace else.
4	I came here on a Monday night at 5:00 PM and there was NO LINE!!!! ZERO!!! WOOHOO!! Paid $45.99 (a little on the pricey end for a Vegas buffet) but it's worth at least one try. However, I definitely would NOT wait over an hour for this buffet. I can't believe some people wait 2 hours! It IS one of the better buffets in Vegas (possibly the best!) but I personally wouldn't want to wait that long for it. I definitely got my money's worth from all the oysters I ate! YUM! The oysters here are small and slightly sweet (similar to Kumamoto oysters... not sure if they were those exactly though). I loved how they weren't briney! Just add a little bit of lemon and tapatio and voila! perfecccction! I also really liked their cocktail shrimp. They also have crab legs, but if you want WARM crab legs, they're in a separate section towards the back near the Asian food! Just ask the guy for it and he'll grab them out of a hot pot and plate them for you! The crab legs that you see next to the oysters in the seafood section are cold. Those are the ones you just get yourself.  I liked how this buffet had a lot of their foods already plated so it was easy to just grab and go (similar to Wicked Spoon Buffet at the Cosmo). They also have a very wide variety of foods! Seafood, lots of meats (prime rib, lamb chops, etc. which were pretty good), Asian food (sushi, Chinese, etc), Italian, Mexican, seriously all kinds! One of my fave things I had was the corn on the cob. It sounds so simple and random but the flavor and the juiciness... OMG SO GOOD!! I also had a lobster corn bisque/soup which was amazingggg. I really enjoyed everything I ate here. I also really liked their dessert bar. They have the usual assortment of cakes, pastries, and cute little desserts like the other buffets. They can also make crepes! And they also have sorbets/ice cream as well as different flavors of mochi ice cream. Super soft and yummy! They also have macarons here!! I tried several different flavors and they were just A-OK. Not very consistent in terms of texture. Not as good as the ones at Bouchon Bakery so don't expect too much for the macarons. Overall beautiful buffet, definitely one of the best in Vegas! Worth a visit for sure!
5	Buffets are tough! keeping food under a lamp and maintaining freshness is not easy. I don't often do buffets for this reason. But in Vegas supposedly you have too! I read an article in USA today saying that Caesar's had arguably the best buffet in Vegas. We actually signed up for the "Buffet of Buffets" deal where you pay $55-$70 depending on the buffets you choose. We paid the extra $25 to add Caesar's dinner. So worth it! This buffet was endless and phenomenal. I literally tried nothing that I didn't enjoy. If I had to give advise I would say pass on the Buffet of Buffets deal because buffets for 24 hours is tough especially in Vegas. But Caesars buffet I would visit again in a heart beat!
4	Went for lunch and had a very little wait , not crowded which was also very fortunate. Start with the great - Dessert station! great and varied selections and everything tasted great. Seafood fresh and plentiful and lots of crab, shrimp and oysters.  Meats and sausages very tasty and prepared perfectly.  The good - Chinese, Italian and breads just had tasters didn't want to fill up too much. The so-so - Service, Our server gave the tables around us attentive service while we had sporadic service, picked up plates occasionally, drink refills not offered and when announcing that her shift was almost over, lingered a bit to receive tip, while we watched her announce to other tables the same thing, but didn't hover over their tables like ours.  Yes,  great buffet, our server took a little shine off the full dining experience.
4	As my friend described it, if there was a buffet in heaven, this would be the place. This place is just so heavenly. The food was terrific and there isn't anything that I didn't really like. The only negative of this place was the wait. My group waited for about an hour and a half and it began to become really tiring and annoying. However, regardless of the long line to pay, long line to be seated and long line to get some food, everything else was glorious. It's a must try when you are at Vegas.
4	Yumminess cubed, if you can't find something good to eat at Bacchanal, you're a picky eater my friend!  Because with expertly prepared American food (seafood-meats), Asian, Italian and Mexican you've got the broad swatch of deliciousness that most of us go to for a meal.  Queue up front if Bacchanal is busy, pay your $46.99 for dinner and you'll be ready to dig in!  Bacchanal has 4 or 5 modern dining rooms with different looks to make the buffet seem a bit upscale.  I did three rounds for my meal and some favorites included the prime rib, lasagna, and kobe slider.  People are buzzing around the room in a feeding frenzy so be careful!  Plates get bussed pretty quickly and you can order up a beer or wine along with the soft drinks you get with the buffet fee.  And definitely save room for dessert at Bacchanal, it may be the best part of the eating experience!  Parfaits, pastries, creme brulee and more will finish up your meal with some sweets.  Bacchanal may not be for everybody.  It's a lot of food in a noisy and busy environment but it still is one of the best buffets (probably the best) I've been to.  In the end you get quantity and quality here and that should always be appreciated...
4	Went for dinner on Saturday night and on Sunday night. Both times the food and the variety was extremely satisfying an better than anything else in Vegas (been to Wynns, Wicked Spoon, Bellagio). However the waiting time before entering the buffet on a Saturday is ridiculous and even worse is that the buffet is very crowded and you have to wait a lot at the different cooking stations. Also the service could be better. Very friendly but it takes a while for all plates to e removed.
4	Be prepared to wait....the line was sooooooo long that after an extended amount of time we had to leave...I do want to come back when we are not in any schedule
4	I just visited this buffet recently and I much appreciated all the yelpers that helped me so let me help you forward.  The prices are high and even more so for weekends, $45 dinner and $50 on Friday, Saturday and Sunday.  TR card holders save a whopping $1.  If you are a 24 hrs pass holder, you have to pay upgrade of $25, not $15 like before.  This applies for any day of the week.  Also, there are 2 VIP lines, one for 7 stars and one combo for Diamond and Platinum.  Now for the food, it has not changed, meaning its good quality.  Seafood is top notch.  Crab, shrimp, etc.  If you get in by 3pm, you get dinner around 3:15pm for the lunch price.  My opinion, I suggest not to do the buffet of buffet, but rather pay for the meal and enjoy it just once.  It's really hard to eat 2 dinners, one breakfast and one lunch in 24 hrs.  But do start with dinner and end with dinner.  Also watch the time stamp from when you start and end.  Its 23 hrs and 59 mins.  And for the ending you must get pass the cashier to beat the clock.  If you are in line and don't make it by the ending time, it's too bad so sad even if you prepaid.  Hope this helps everyone.Lastly, only Bachannal and Rio have surcharge prices for buffet pass users, otherwise you pay the listed price for whatever time you get in.
5	Truly Bacchanalian!! This buffet is really the best of the best. We got the 24 hour buffet pass (Join Total Rewards club for discounts,this is free) and paid extra $25 for the dinner. The look of the place was amazing, you are greeted with the seafood bar, they have fresh oysters, mussels, oyster shooters, huge cocktail shrimp, ceviche, lump crab pea soup, gazpacho, buckets with clams and sausage (clambake) and much much more. The key is to browse the selections first, then pace yourself. There's prime rib. Tomahawk style ribeye steak, sushi, Pho, crablegs heated to order,pecking duck, chinese bbq pork(divine), and then there was dessert...macarons!!and more..yummm. I felt this one was not too overwhelming, the taste of the food is good individually and made very very well. The experience was beautiful, it could be a Vegas attraction, so good we came back for brunch, paid extra $15, the honey ham carved to order, the fresh bacon and congee made the return worth it!!
3	This buffet was supposed to change my mind about how I don't really care for buffets. I was really hoping it would. But, alas, it did not.Everything they had seemed like standard buffet fare. Quality was good, but it wasn't THAT much better than the other good buffets I've had in Vegas (Encore and Cosmo). I WAS impressed to see they had chinese bbq style roast duck. THAT was unique and different. So was their asian noodle bar (pho, udon, ramen). Of course I had my fill of their snow crab legs and oysters, both were good quality. I was just expecting Bacchanal to WOW me...damn you people who hyped it wayyyy too much for me. :P
5	Worth every penny! We had early dinner and the wait on Friday was about 30 minutes- worth it! So much food and everything taste amazing. The service is ehh but I didn't let it ruin my experience. The mochi ice cream bar is awesome- they have practically every flavor available!
5	This is the pick of the strip buffets in my opinion at the moment. Yes, it could possibly be the most expensive, but the quality of food and environment of the place is fantastic. The seafood section consists of the usual crab legs but also freshly shucked oysters, jumbo shrimp, clams and cooked dishes like paella - yum! The bbq'd and roasted meats are exceptional, the ribs were full of smokey goodness but strangely enough, the highlight for me wasn't the prime rib but was the spicy pork sausages. These are not your typical sausages, try it and you'll know what I mean!There was a great selection of mexican dishes as well as some decent looking pastas and pizzas. The Asian selection was pretty good and there was also some good bbq pork and duck. There is a made to order ramen and pho bar which is a good change and along with the soups on offer, they help wash down greasy or cold items very nicely.The dessert bar at Bacchanal is exceptional, the choice is huge and one does not have a dessert stomach large enough to try everything unfortunately. They have about 8 flavors of frozen icecream/mochi's which were great ! These are a good change from your standard icecream / sorbet options at other buffets.I arrived just before the dinner session, paid the lunch price and reaped the benefits of the dinner menu. The big advantage of doing this isn't the price, but the lack of the queue which does look quite nasty later on in the evening. So skip lunch and head for an early dinner would be my advice.
4	We arrived on 9/12 at about 4:45pm.  There was no line but I am sure there would be at a more normal time.  This buffet is over the top.  Where Wynn's, Bellagio stop this one goes to #11.  I am not exaggerating by much that the serving area is almost as big as the table area.  American, Mexican, Asian, Italian sections.  $45.00 for a buffet is a ton of money.  But let me make a case for the price to value.  If you want you eat all the crabs, shrimp, oysters, kyobi beef burger's you want.  If you don't want to eat seafood you can have lamb chops or prime rib carved to you specification.  Now I had two lamb chops and a slice of prime rib(not a huge slice just polite).  If I go to any high end steak house I have just spent $45 or more for either the lamb chops or the prime rib.  And these meats are high end quality.  Had a few shrimp, a couple of crab legs just to make sure I got my monies worth.  I did not have dessert but Mrs K said they where very good.  I am sure she did not get her $45.00 worth of food so there is the price problem.
4	At one point while at Bacchanal, sometime after eating a plate overflowing with at least a pound of crab legs and before taking on a final slice of cheesecake (one of the 5 desserts I ravaged), it dawned on me:"Oh god. I'm like one of the citizens of the Capital in the Hunger Games. What have I become?!"I quickly parried that thought however; as much as I want to imagine myself in the vein of a half-starved (and ruggedly handsome) hero of District 12, sometimes...it's nice to indulge. And at Bacchanal, indulge you will. From the get-go, you know you are going to try to cram as much food as humanly possible into your stomach to try and "claw back'" some of the steep entry price (~50$). As a long distance runner with seemingly hollow legs who burns thousands of calories a workout, I think I ended up okay at Bacchanal, maybe eating $30 or so dollars worth of food at its retail price. I can live with that. Beyond calculations of value (which are almost meaningless in Vegas, which seems to be fueled on the wispy fumes of luxury itself), the fare is par for the course. Everything I ate was of high quality and tasty. One thing I didn't like so much was the blaring Euro-hip music. I think they blast it so you'll eat and leave more quickly, but...it was annoying not to be able to have conversations with the people I went with. Some things had an extra fine-tuned and endearing touch though, like the fish and chips in little metal frying crates or the Chinese dumplings in individual bamboo baskets (or maybe I'm easily impressed). Either way, those small details made the experience more than just a ridiculous gut-stuffing smorgasbord.
5	I came here for my birthday and it just so happens to be a Mexican holiday so I guess the buffet price was a bit more than usual. I came at 2:30pm on a Saturday and paid $55. I had to wait in line for about an hour. When I finally got seated, my friends and I didn't know where to start! There was soo many selections and everything looked delicious! I went for the king crabs and oysters! They tasted so fresh and easy to eat.I ate my money worth here and my favorite part was the dessert section! They had macarons and ice cream, and you can even make your own crepe! I was so full from eating all the food but always have room for dessert. This place did not disappoint. I would defiantly come here again and try some other foods that I didn't get to try.
3	We went here for lunch and the selection was ok, not worth the very expensive price it was. I spent $45 for 1 plate of food and some gelato. Food tasted average, crab legs were not that big. Overall, very unimpressed. But the decor was fabulous. Modern and simple interior designs, and the buffet was next to the beautiful pool. I would maybe come here again for dinner only because they would have the more special seafood I was looking for.
5	My favorite Vegas buffet! (replacing my previous favorite, Wicked Spoon).The quality and variety of food they are able to achieve at Bacchanal is amazing.  It's the only buffet where I can honestly say I would be happy with many of their items if I had ordered them a la carte. The line and wait can be very long. The first time we tried to go here (many hours before our flight) we had to step out of line because the wait was so long that we were in danger of missing our flight.  I would highly recommend going early or maybe try on a weekday if you can. But once you get through the line...The quality and flavors here are absolutely fantastic.A must try!
2	We are buffet goers - and  we love a good buffet.  At this price point - they need to improve.  This is not great and here's why;.  We had high hopes for this considering all the hype (other faves on strip are Wynn/Wicked Spoon/Planet Hollywood,etc.) -- But they need a traffic cop on this buffet line.  Food quality was fairly good (shrimp, crab legs) -- But the logistics are a mess!  Tables are too close - and the overall layout makes folks step on top of each other to get to the food offerings.  We gave up trying!   The carving section (meats/etc.) - is directly in line with folks entering and exiting. The carving station line is also in front of other selections which we couldn't get to either - Frustrating! (this was during the week approx 5 pm) - It wasn't even that crowded.  The Asian fare was tasty, Italian needed more varied pasta - the desserts were good. But all in all - the selections are weaker than other top properties here in LV.   Some  selections were just dumped in pots and not labeled.   In fact, some of the off strip buffets have more and varied side dishes, veggies and desserts.  Additionally, the service is not nearly as attentive as in other properties both on strip and the local casinos.  At this price point - they need to step it up and fine tune it; better service, better variety and better access to the food itself.  Too much of an obstacle course and hassle.   Wanted to really love it -- not running back.  Overpriced and underwhelmed.
5	This buffet is by far hands down the best buffet on the planet.  Came here around 9:30am on a Tuesday and paid roughly $27 per person.  Everything tasted fresh, and there was just so much to choose from.  I normally don't do buffet eggs but these buffet eggs tasted liked they cracked every egg as opposed to using some commercial mix.  The best item was the ham and cheese croissant they had waiting for you.Coffee and tea were served to us and left on the table in hot pots so we didn't have to wait for the server to come around again.To top it off around 11 they were transitioning to lunch, so we go to experience that as well.  Also had a great dessert - a nutella crepe, fresh gelato and bread pudding.If there is one buffet you go to in Vegas, this should be it.
5	The best time to come to Bacchanal is around 2pm, which is when lunch is dying down a bit, and if you're lucky, they'll start bringing some dinner selections, and you're only paying the lunch price. I think I paid around $35. They literally have everything in this buffet, anything your heart desires! I was trying to pace myself to try a little bit of everything. They even have fresh juices that come in a cute container! All the workers are very friendly as well. Overall, the atmosphere is beautiful, and the food is pretty good for a buffet!
5	This is the best buffet ever. I was so thrilled and happy the whole time I was there. There's just so much to choose from and everything was nicely displayed and freshly made. What surprised me most was the 'dim sum'- they had the sticky rice with minced chicken wrapped in lotus leaves, tofu skin wrap with veggies, century egg+ meat congee with the fried dough, and some buns and OMG the dessert station, WOW!- you've gotta see for yourself! ranging from freshly made crepe, mini cupcakes, variety of cakes, bread pudding and a wide selection of gelato!! Thai Tea flavor? yes, it's there- We got there for breakfast and decided to stay a tad bit to see what kinda lunch items they will bring out. Service was good, the waiter was very attentive and friendly. Sushi was ok- too much rice and not a whole lot of selection but probably more at dinner? Overall, it was a heavingly experience and the best $28 I've spent on food
4	BUFFET at its Finest, top notch food, fresh seafood, spectacular deserts. I love this place, superb world class! If you have money to spare its worth to treat yourself or people (esp your out of town friends that were on vacation) and you'll make their experience a memorable one. Just make sure you have patience falling in line because it comes with the popularity that everyone wants to dine in, luckily my aunt is a diamond club member and we got in fast like just a walk in the park... Teehee!
4	This buffet is excellent! I came for lunch on a Saturday around 12:30PM and only waited about 20 minutes before we were seated. The decor inside is gorgeous! We were curious why everyone had mimosas on their tables and we found out it's included in the $45 price you pay for lunch!The setup is very similar to Wicked Spoon but bigger and better! I love the king crab legs and the meat station. They also have Asian, Mexican, and a HUGE dessert station! They offer udon, pho, and ramen at the Asian station and fresh made tacos at the Mexican station. Great gelato and cookies at the dessert station.Only downside is the waitresses are a little slow to refill your drinks, there doesn't seem to be enough workers to go around.Too many different foods to describe but everything was excellent!
4	I am writing this review as I take my fifth break from this buffet. My tummy is about to explode as I have been eating since noon. It is a little before 2pm and we are staying until the dinner transition at 3 when they finally serve the macarons for dinner. Here is my story. It is Monday and there was practically no wait whatsoever. We planned on going to the buffet after all that clubbing and pool activities and this was pretty much out highlight/thing we looked forward to the most. I forgot that it is also cheaper on Mondays so yay we win. Lunch is around 35 after tax and if you come after 3pm, then you pay around 10 bucks more. The best thing to do is come around 1:30 to 2 so you pay for lunch but then you are there for the dinner goodies. Asian cheap thinking right there. If it is weekends, the wait in line can be close to an hour and is more expensive so be prepared. They have a range of food from Chinese, Japanese, Mexican, Italian, seafood and hella meat. They will have the typical food you expect at buffets but I noticed there are not as many of those prepared dishes with multiple ingredients if that makes sense. These are the things I got and I really recommendOrange juice- fresh with pulp and no sour taste! Some of the best OJ I have hadOmelet- comes with everything you can imagine like sausage, ham, mushrooms spinachCongee- tastes so good and has preserved egg! Chinese donut toooRamen- comes with pork and even tonkatsu flavorPulled pork- in the Mexico section. So flavorfulGuacamole- next to Mexico. So fresh and there are chunks of guac! Salmon- it's seared and I only got it cuz it's an expensive itemTacos- they heat it fresh and are so the flavorLava cake and hot baked cookie combo- they come in two separate containers but cut a hole in that and mix that fresh cookie in. It is mind blowing. Fudge filled chocolate chip cookie- nuff saidPeanut butter filled dark chocolate chip cookie- my most favorite thing cuz I'm a Cookie Monster and I love PB. Nuff saidGelato- so many flavors but I got caramel and strawberry cheesecakeMacarons- available for dinner starting at 3Overall, buffets are good no matter what. It's also cheaper on weekdays for lunch so that coo. I was trying to do the lunch dinner transition for the Wynn buffet but they close down in between. I feel like there are not as many dishes at this place than The Buffet or Wicked Spoon. I like Wicked Spoon better cuz I feel like they have more savory plates and more desserts. I just remember their yogurt with blueberries in the chocolate cup was divine. I'm still sitting here and waiting for my tummy to chillax until my flight leaves. I knew if I didn't write this now, I would forget the entrees and I would be eating more shiz instead of resting. Good luck. **TIPS**1) Weekday lunch is 11am to 3pm for $35 or so. Dinner starts 3pm and after for maybe ten bucks more. 2) Peanut butter filled chocolate chip cookie is heaven. I love you. 3) Wear the loose clothes that is a two sizes bigger than usual. It will be filled. 4) Enjoy!
5	On my recent trip to Las Vegas in September, we stayed at Caesar's Palace.  It's a shame this buffet was only tried by me on the latter end of the trip.Breakfast:Skirt steak & sunnyside eggs with freshly made rye toast, spicy home potatoes and scrambled eggs all with the most delicious coffee!  There were also lots of other breakfast options available such as pancakes, waffles, fresh bacon, sausage, biscuits etc.  There is a large variety.  Warning: a bit pricey but CERTAINLY WORTH IT!Dinner:Too many delicious things to name.  Fresh shrimp & seafoods, pasta's, sushi, pizza's etc. No matter what you got, it was delicious!!!  WARNING: So expensive on Fri/Sat/Sun.  It was $54 per person.  Whew!  But worth it for sure.The decor is great.  Comfortable big seats.  The space is very large.  The service is wonderful.Overall, certainly worth it to eat here at least once!
3	I'm getting started on my Vegas reviews with Bacchanal.  I chose Bacchanal as my birthday dinner because I have been DYING to eat here since it opened.  Unfortunately, it didn't really give me all I expected.  Don't get me wrong, it's a good buffet and they have a huge selection and most of what I ate was good, but I can get that at any buffet.First, for dinner Sunday  night, it was $50.  We were just getting started on the buffet of buffets (feeling like this was the best way to hit Harrah's Groups buffets) so it was actually a $25 upcharge to the BoB to have dinner at Bacchanal.  Fine.  The line was about 30 minutes to get rung up and then another 15-20 to wait for a table.  Fine.We get seated and head for the food parade and that's where I fell flat.  I started with the sushi as I've been wanting cold fresh items on this trip for some reason.  And it was nice that they did have more than just California rolls, including nice tuna ngiri which is what I love.  And, it was good, but I would have liked some soy sauce but there were no containers anywhere to put soy sauce and wasabi in!  In fact, throughout this visit, I found it incredibly hard to use any of the condiments because containers were few and far between.  I found myself using soup bowls for my horseradish, etc.  Crazy.They do have a lot of little baskets and containers of things, they just happened to be things that didn't jump out at me, but some were super interesting if you like buckets of mussels, etc. then this is pretty cool.  But, they do the same thing at the Cosmopolitan Wicked Spoon Buffet and I just liked that one better for this type of buffet.I think that in trying to have SO many dishes, the dishes they have fall flat.  Example is the carving station.  It is seriously LOADED with meats and sausages... pretty much anything you want is there.  I wanted Prime Rib.  For me, that is my buffet staple because they always have it and I rarely order it.  But the Prime Rib was so dry and tough, I was shocked.  That was not acceptable for a buffet of this caliber.I had the same problem at the dessert bar.  The creme brulee wasn't set and was runny.  It wasn't good.  I was excited about the made to order souffles that they have because that and the crepe station were exactly what I expected them to have, but they only had banana souffles which is the one flavor I do not like, so I had to pass.  But the freshly  made crepes were delish.  Honestly, my favorite part was the dessert and they have a huge selection of mochi!!!  LOVED that.So the money to food ratio made this not such a great value to me.  It was a disappointment and I don't expect to eat there again unless I had a complimentary opportunity to try again.  I would be happy at The M and their Studio B Buffet where the food is fantastic AND they have beer and wine included for like $30pp!If you are going, I noticed the line went WAY down about 15 minutes before closing.  Might save you some time.
5	First off I'm not a huge buffet type person, but this place had me going back 2x now on separate Vegas trips. Definitely a must try and the long lines move pretty quickly.I like the fact that you don't get the typical cold, soggy and overly salty crab legs they actually have a station that serves them up hot here. Dribble some drawn butter and bomb diggity!. Also the carving station offer more selections, lamb chops, prime rib, assorted sausages , turkey, ham and BBQ ribs. The dessert area was phenomenal so many choices!
5	Any kind of food you can imagine, at its finest, all in one place.  The employees are happy to have you there.  All-you-can drink 1% oj mimosas included?!  Sign me up!  This was a fabulous experience, and I can't wait to come back.  Maria and Fidencio were such kind and beautiful servers, making our experience that much better.  :)
5	Skipped day party w/ Kaskade headlining to eat here!!! That says a lot  and I have never been so happier with my decision making. So worth every penny! Food is phenomonal!! There was a huuuuge line  when we got there around 2:30ish... At that time we thought itt'd be bestt just to pay the $15 to skip the line because if we waited it would have prob turned into dinner hours and the price would have went up anyways. So worth it though. As close as it gets to heaven! If I was a Vegas buffet, I'd totally be jealous of Bacchanal every which way.
5	We have tried many buffet's in Vegas and have come to conclusion that with buffet's you really do get what you pay for. I will say that their boast of over 500 items to choose from is a bit overwhelming. There was just soooo much to choose from. I can honestly say though, that I don't recall trying anything that I did not like. The carving station was one of the biggest that we've been to. The chef's were more than happy to prepare something special for you if you desired. I wanted one of the Kobe sliders without cheese and they had 2 whipped up for me in just a few moments. I can't really comment on the dessert section as neither of us are big dessert fans but as far as the rest of the buffet goes, I could not ask for more. We will definitely return here for our next visit to Vegas.The wait to get in was quite long but they did have an option to add $15 to the $50 price and not wait in line but being a frugal person, we waited the 30 or so minutes in line. It really wasn't that bad considering the wait that is generally expected at a buffet on the strip.
2	at first, i was really excited to eat here. being rated number 1 buffet and everything, i thought i would give it a try. waited about an hour, but for good food it would be totally worth it. for a saturday lunch came out to about $55. i think the little skillet thing holder they give you is adorable but the grease of them? not so much.all the chefs and servers are very friendly.. though there were alot of awkward moments when i put something on my plate and one of the chefs goes, "chef so and so made that! isnt he good?" and theres a bit of an awkward pause because I havent tried the dish... i cant tell you its good but i dont know what to say...  but they are all very friendly.on the staff, the only part that kinda got to me was drinks. our drinks was never refilled, nor did they come by and ask if we wanted more. it was prob because they were super busy? but i would like more than one cup of lemonade for my 50 dollar meal... as for the food. they all look very exquisite. i wanted to eat everything. and i tried. my friend and i would share dishes just so we could try most of them.  i was looking for a dish that would make me want to go back and get more but it didnt happen. our verdict was.. greasy. the food is good but not what i had expected for a number 1 rated buffet.desserts looked delicious but i have had better. for the first time, the macaroons were sour.. jam? maybe I am used to the way LA makes it... (Milk, bottega louie, mochilato, etc) but these were the first that i did not like.. i eat at ayce places pretty often but i was bloated and had this nasty feeling afterwards... i think its because of the grease...if you havent tried it, by all means you should and judge for yourself. this place clearly has good reviews from other people. but i personally would not go again.
4	FINALLY got to try the highly praised Bacchanal Buffet inside the Caesar's Palace.I gotta say that I was quite impressed with the wide selection and excellent quality of the food. Did I eat $60 worth of buffet grub? I'm not so sure. To be honest, my experience here could have been better. I felt like a marathoner that couldn't finish the race. I literally started off with a sprint. I ran to the first station of food that I could lust my eyes upon which was the carving station. I got 2 legs of lamb, 2 bbq pork ribs, prime rib, and a truffle potato gratin. It filled up two plates, and I devoured it. The meats were a little salty, but I really enjoyed the truffle potato. Unfortunately, I could start to feel the effects of starting off too quickly. Next, I went on to the seafood station which included jumbo sized cocktail shrimp, mussels, snow crab legs, and raw oysters. The seafood was a little salty as well which resulted in a lot of water consumption. Then, I went on to try their dim sum and sushi. The spicy salmon sashimi was fresh and very tasty. Finally, the reason why I feel like I couldn't finish the race was because I was too stuffed to really enjoy the seductive looking desserts. They had macarons, all different kinds of cake, ice cream, and even Mochi freakin ice cream! Sadly, my stomach only had room for a black sesame and green tea Mochi ice cream :(Gotta come in with a better strategy next time!
2	My friend and I were in Vegas for the Memorial Weekend.  We purchased Buffet of Buffets pass and in addition they charged an extra $25 for the Cesar's buffet.  Total we paid $105 per person.  I was told they charge $65/person for dinner because of holiday but regularly it's $50/person.  Their cocktail shrimp and their crab legs were the best of all Vegas buffets that I've been to.  However, we only had one hour to eat and food was take away in 45 minutes because we only got seated at 10pm and they close at 11pm.  That was a horrible experience!  I think they should stop taking in people after 9pm.  You still have to wait in line for food after you get so it's totally a rip off if you get seated with less than 2 hours to eat.  Besides the large cocktail shrimp and the good size crab legs, nothing exceptional about this place.  sushi section was very small and pathetic.  Total not worth the money you pay for.  My advice to to skip it.
4	All the food was amazing, but it seemed like the have a variety of different types of food instead of variety of the types of food. It seemed like whatever you felt like eating was very limited in options. The wait was very long, and you have to stand throughout the whole thing, so be ready to wait. The desert was amazing, the mochi melted in your mouth and was so good. In the end, if you are willing to wait, and eat a lot, you'll get your money's worth and be satisfied.
3	My friends and I waited for about 40 minutes for Saturday Brunch. I am so thankful I had half a wrap from Earls or else I wouldn't have been a very happy camper. I am a little confused at why we had to wait so long, there were still plenty of tables available when we were finally seated.It was $50-ish (including tip) and included champagne/mimosas. I don't care for alcohol when I am at a buffet, so I only had a glass. It was pretty delicious and a good mix. Subsequent glasses that my friends got were more champagne than orange juice - score! As Lilly Q. mentioned, the popular foods (meats and seafood) have people lining up. I found myself avoiding those lines. I buddied up with a friend and shared nearly everything. My favorites were the corn, wagyu sliders, fried chicken, potatoes au gratin, tater tots, meatballs, flan and gelato. Everything else was okay. I kind of expected everything to be amazing, but of course the law of diminishing marginal utility kicks in and nothing really tastes that great after your second plate of food. I'm super sad that I was too full to have oysters, which were brought as I was unbuttoning my pants.... :PAll in all, there are definitely some solid dishes. I'm not sure if this is $50 worth, but I enjoyed myself.
3	Writing this from the second time I came which is about a good little less than a year since it opened. First time I came with it was still barely new, I thought that this buffet was to beat from all the ones in Las Vegas. It used to be the Wynn Buffet for me until Bacchanal came about. Many great selection of food and dessert so what's not to love about it? Though this is all true from all hyped expensive buffets when it first opens. They expect you to draw you in with the many great selections and good food. Give it about a year later and the quality isn't as great as it once was. Since they know they're probably the buffet to beat, I don't think the service and quality of the food isn't on their mind anymore since they know people will come regardless. Besides the great selection of dessert which I don't really have much complaint about, it's their food that can be better. One example is their prime rib which used to be tender and juicy but it has been dry as of late. However, though quality has changed a bit from before, their huge selection and taste of some other food are just or even better than other buffets I've been to. You still have food you can't find anywhere else and their seafood selection is one of the best. I don't usually do the 24 hour AYCE pass whenever I go to Vegas because one buffet for a weekend stay is enough for me and I would probably choose this buffet or the Wynn Buffet everytime I go to Vegas until something better comes along. One thing that annoyed me was the server. From the time we sat which was about 30 mins in, there was no waitress/waiter to serve us. It ended up being the busboy helping us get our drinks and clearing our table. You can tell by the 2nd time we started asking for refills he was kind of annoyed because he knew that wasn't his duty. The server finally showed up 45 mins later but there was no point. All she did was come to clean out the dishes from our table. You'd expect better service when you're paying $50+ for a buffet.
5	I can't imagine finding a better buffet. We researched the best buffets in Vegas and this one came up, repeatedly. At over $50 a pop (for dinner), it seemed expensive for a buffet. However, it worth every dime. Amidst all of the glitz, glamor, and bullshit- this meal is actually money well spent in Las Vegas.The only way to try a little bit of everything is to have a dinner partner that will share things on your plate with you. We tasted food from every international station and were very pleased with the flavors, variety, and overall quality of food. The trick is take several trips (we made 9 total each) and make small plates each time. On our 7th and 8th trips, before dessert, we took 2nd round trips to the items we really loved.The highlights were: crab legs, the whole asian set, charcuterie, and the truffled potato gratin. And the waygu beef sliders were awesome. We received excellent service. Plates cleared each time we got up for another round, and our iced teas and water were filled constantly. We recommend going at 5pm to avoid lines. The seating system they have in place somehow makes is feel casual and not like a feeding frenzy, which is tricky but they seem to pull it off. The only thing we would've liked to see was salt and pepper on the table.All and all- this place is worth the money and wait. If you don't pig the fuck out on the first and second round, you can actually enjoy all of the stations and not leave feeling sick.TWO THUMBS UP. WORTH IT.
5	This is easily my favorite buffet in Vegas! It's worth the splurge!Sure, Wicked Spoon is great -- love the small portioned food, Bellagio's is always great, and on this trip we also finally made it to the Wynn's, which was also very good, but after visiting Caesars Palace's new buffet, Bacchanal Buffet, there's a new best in show! Sure the price is high. It was $50 for a Sunday night dinner, but I still think this is the most bang for your buck and it's worth the extra $10 over the other buffets for all the choices and the quality of the items.DISCOUNT: There's a measly $1 off if you're a Total Rewards member. We forgot our card in the car, and they wouldn't honor it or look up our info which I thought was kinda lame considering it was just a $1 off anyway. Seriously, there's so many options. I think I heard there's over 500 items to choose from, and I believe it! ASIAN: There's an Asian station with typical Chinese dishes like a Chow Mein, Beef and Broccoli, and Shrimp and Pork Friend Rice. There was also a variety of dim sum options. There were a lot of really good meat dishes here like spare ribs and Char siu.Next over was the sushi station with Ahi Poke Salad with pieces of fish much bigger than at the Wynn. There was a variety of rolls too, but none of them looked particularly extraordinarily, and too filling with the rice, so I skipped those. There was some nigiri too. One of the highlights of the whole buffet for me was this delicious oyster dish by the sushi station in a citrus soy sauce with sriracha. So good! I went back for more! A must try!There's also made to order Pho and Ramen stations, but we shared the ramen, and the noodles weren't great. They clumped together. MEATS: There was so many varieties of meat in the carving station from Ribs to Turkey, Prime Rib to Kielbasa, to the all star dish, the Lamb Chops!  We definitely went back for more of those.MEXICAN: There's a taco bar with made to order tacos and a huge condiment and hot sauce stations. There were some very good meat dishes in the Mexican station.One of the best surprises was the selection of Aguas frescas including Horchata. Yum Yum!AMERICAN: There's an American Station with Truffle Potatoes, Wagyu Beef Slicers, Mac and Cheese. There's a huge bread station (but who eats bread at a buffet!?), cheeses, crackers and fancy deli meats. Near by, was a small Greek section with hummus, dolmas, etc. There's a smaller salad station than the Wynn, but still ample had ample selections.There were plenty of soups to try, but I didn't have room to try those, but they looked very good. SEAFOOD: There's a big seafood station with mussels, clams, crab legs, raw oysters, etc. ITALIAN: You can also get warm crab legs from the Italian section where there's also lots of pastas, lasagna, and a very good Osso Bucco Polenta dish - a must try!FRIED FOOD: There's an entire fried food section with fried chicken, tater tots, sweet potato fries and sweet potato tater tots, waffle fries, and onion rings. DESSERTS: The dessert section was good too, in particular, was their ice cream and sorbet section. They serve them in tiny one scoop containers, which was nice. There were really interesting flavors like French Toast, Thai Ice Tea, Watermelon Mint sorbet (so good!), and a spicy Mango sorbet (also a delicious surprise!).I will be back! There was still more to try that I didn't even get to!
4	This is my favorite buffet currently and I've been here twice. Unfortunately both times I didn't get to indulge. The first time I had about an hour to eat before jetting off to the airport. There was so much to enjoy, but so little time.This time around the food didn't disappoint either. However, I was beyond drunk and don't remember most of what I ate. I'm pretty sure I had crab legs and oysters which are always delicious. I then went to the Asian station looking for Shanghai soup dumplings which they didn't have. Bummer. I ended up getting the ginseng chicken soup in that awesome jar/pot and my drunk ass loved it. I went back for ramen which was always delicious. Then things got kind of fuzzy here..I might have taken a nap I don't know. But I stumbled to the desserts and loaded up with a bunch of stuff..but the only thing I remember was black sesame ice cream mochi which was lovely.My table was one of the last ones there and I went to get pho to sober up but the dude said they were closing. I stumbled to the Mexican station and got pozole with lots of lime and that actually helped. We ordered coffee and our waiter brought us a giant pot and that tasted delightful.I hope the next time I'm back in Vegas, this buffet will still be great and I'll finally get to enjoy it like a normal person. Until then...Bacchanal wins again.
5	Mind blowing experience. A good friend of mine strongly recommend me to try this one when I told her I'm going to Vegas, it turns out wayyyy better than I expected, $50-60 a person for a buffet sounds like a lot of money, but this indeed is the best buffet you can find in the west coast, I had try all of the "Voted Las Vegas Best Buffet" but Bacchanal Buffet makes them feel like high school cafeteria.
4	This is one of the best buffets in Vegas! Mostly everything I tried during our dine in was extremely delicious and flavorful. Whether I was sampling cured meats and cheeses or truffle risotto everything had so much fresh flavor!Please make sure to spend time at the carving station, and DO NOT pass up trying the brisket or the prime rib - both are amazing! The Kung pow chicken was the spiciest most amazing version I've ever experienced, and that's saying a lot especially when I never expected such heat in ever bite! However, regardless of how good food is here, there were a handful of things that made me stop and say "what?" Namely out server, who was pleasant but handled our tables plates and silverware sloppily, and hardly brought refills. She also never inquired about additional beverage services throughout the menu, after she took our first drink orders. Also there is a lackluster selection of seafood (disclaimer - what seafood was here was large and impressive, e.g. U-10 sized cocktail shrimp) offered. The clam chowder was fair, too sweet, and strangely thin for a chowder - regardless of how big the chunks of lobster were I was confused about this dish all the more. Additionally the dessert selection has its ups and downs compared to Wicked Spoon.The atmosphere is breath taking and overlooks the backside of the Caesars Palace pool. A mixture of glass and wood are spread throughout the multiple dining rooms giving a modern classic edge to a buffet. 4 stars, it is amazing but has some small slight flaws.
4	After 17 million spend this is the #1 buffet in Las Vegas for now  for kitchen cleanliness, staff knowledge and services. Great unique presentations, healthy options and variety. I hope the employers keep the employees treated well. This place is amazing. The departure of the head chef Scott Green to the Wynn I hope will not reduce the quality. Hiring a lower qualified chef than your previous award winning   is a risk. And yes I have eaten at every buffet in the city, the only thing better is the M brunch on Sundays only.
5	I have to say Bacchanal has to be the top of class in the LV buffet crowd.  We were skeptical whether its lofty prices will be worth it but after our first visit we were sold. It's not like Bacchanal has fancier food, or even more selection (at some point what's the difference between 450 items and 500 items).  The quality of the food is just better - better prep, better flavor.  Everything (almost ) just tasted soooo good.  Literally every station - seafood, Chinese, Mexican, charcuterie and cheeses, dessert was so good.  But the best was the carving station.  The prime rib was simply one of the best I've ever tasted.  The brisket and ribs were so smokey and tender. I will say though that the Caesar's website says 'king crab legs' are served.  Even the photo shows 'king crab legs'.  However, what you'll find are 'snow crab legs' and for those of you with discriminating tastes for seafood you know the difference . . and it's a big difference.But, for supreme buffet grub I can overlook this and still rate Bacchanal 5 stars.  Now I can't wait to see who can dethrone this mighty king of buffets.
2	Bellagio and Wynn Buffets are 10 times better.  It is a beautiful Buffet but much of the food is overcooked and the service is slow/lacking and tables are too tight to get in and out of without knocking into your neighbors.
5	For the past 2 years when I'm in Vegas and crave buffet I would go to Wicked Spoon.  The overall setting and variety of food has always drawn me back.  This time around I was told that if I liked Wicked Spoon I would love Bacchanal Buffet.  I was definitely told right!The spread and quality of food was awesome!  I usually go straight for the seafood at buffets but this place had a nice little BBQ station that I just couldn't pass up.  They had everything from smoked ribs, sausage and brisket to lamb, chicken and prime rib.  I'm not a big meat eater but I do like lamb.  The lamb chops were probably the best I've ever had.  The shrimp were more like prawns.  The crab legs were ok, not king crab like I was expecting.  They kept the cold crab legs in the seafood section and the hot crab legs in the Italian section.  The dessert stand had lots of options, my favorite was the Mochi!I usually choose just 1 buffet to go to when I'm in Vegas.  This will now be my new favorite buffet spot when visiting Vegas!
5	Best Vegas buffet I have ever been to! Everything was delicious. There was plenty of variety. It has the price tag to match, but if you have the opportunity to go, I highly reccomend.
2	I went for dinner, no stone crab, no lamb, no king crab, NO a lot of things. Service sucks all the way around and the bathrooms were dirty!!! It was so bad, and do not be a fool! Do not pay the xt $$ to get ahead of the line, the overall buffet is so not worth $70 plus tip. Go spend your money somewhere else!!! So not worth it, if u have a good taste for food, this is not the buffet for you, there are better!!!
3	So after weeks of reviewing buffets before my long awaited trip to Las Vegas I decided to try this one out for the first time.  The buffet has a really good selection with all different types of food .  HOWEVER....the quality of food wasn't really any better than say, the Carnival Buffet at the Rio. The price tag was $109 just for my wife and I on a Monday.  Again, the food was good, but definitely not great.  I probably won't be coming back to this one for a while.
4	Definitely the very BEST Buffet experience I have ever had.  So why not the 5 stars?  The price...for what the food is, I just can't in good conscience fork over that kind of cash for the grub each time.  This place is 100% worth trying, but I hope the "hype" dies down someday and the buffet pass is taken here without the additional monies PER MEAL that is currently required.
4	Of all the buffets I've tried in Vegas, I can say that this is by far one of the good ones. I know what all of you are thinking....Vegas buffets are all the same. You guys may be right, but with a good group of friends and not giving a crap about your calorie intake, this is a place for you. I am glad my experience here was with my group of friends. We had a blast here ! Don't expect gold and lobster and all that good stuff, cause you probably won't get it here. BUT the food here was pretty decent and surprisingly coming from SGV, I've had my fair share of chinese food and here at Bacchanal, it was GOOD! I was expecting some Panda Express but dude. The stuff they had was pretty good. Ramen??? PHO?!? PORRIDGE?! Who has porridge ?!? I was kinda shocked but hey, all the food in this buffet was bombay! Maybe cause we were starving waiting in that 40-1hour line but it was totally worth it. My girlfriends and I probably ate $200 worth of just dessert. Haha and some more. ;) But they had a meat station with 20 kinds of meat, a taco station where you get fresh tortillas and make your tacos. Seafood, aqua frescas, cheese and meats, salad bar...typical stuff you would find at the buffet. They also have fried items that they put in these little cute cart looking baskets and different kind of soups and pastas.BUT THE DESSERT...IF YOU ARE A DESSERT PERSON, you better hope you have a copy of insanity workout after you inhale all of different kinds of sweets they have. I usually hate macaroons, but after I had it here, I fell in love! Especially with the caramel flavor one! I loved the chocolate desserts, talk about melt in your mouth! I will probably come back if I feel like inhaling another 10k calories! :)
5	When my bf asked me what I wanted for my birthday dinner I said "Vegas buffet." Definitely glad we came!! This is way better than most buffets I've had in Vegas. I spent two hours here eating!Yay:-Oysters: I love raw oysters and I love that it was offered here AND didn't make my stomach hurt after.  I think I ate two dozen on my own.-Prime rib: this is one of my criteria for a good buffet and they definitely pass! A lot of places offer prime rib that isn't season well but theirs is really good.-Crab: definitely get it steamed! So much easier to remove it from the shell and had a better taste.Other:-Desserts: I liked the variety of desserts they offer.  However, their creme brulee wasn't good.  It was more like a flan then a creme brulee.  I really enjoyed their chocolate lava cake and their mochi.Nay:-The rude guy at the station where you get the crab steamed.  My bf asked if that was the place to get steamed crab and he said "right in front of your face." WTF!! NO! right in front of his face was a DISPLAY of the crab legs in buckets behind a glass asshole! When my bf asked if he could get some he responded with "just leave your plate here and come back in a few minutes." GEEZ!! Get a new job since you hate yours so much!
1	AWFUL!  AVOID!  I've had it with the overpriced buffets in Vegas.  Saturday and Sunday brunch price is not advertised on the website and you can't just buy breakfast on Saturday or Sunday.  So, my girlfriend and I decided to give it a try because of all the great review, but no brunch buffet is $41.99 per person.  I'm not opposed to paying up for good food, but seriously, all I wanted was eggs, bacon and some toast.  Don't be a tourist.  This place is designed by the same people who brought you the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan as evidenced by the posts that hold the ropes for the line.  Unfortunately, they don't have nearly the amount of space as the Wicked Spoon, so there's a ton of seating, but the buffet is crowded by the tables and people coming in.  In essence, you're cramped down to a single line along the buffet and with barely 25% of the seats in the place filled, there were long lines for the carved meat, seafood and omellete stations and there are only one of each.  My girlfriend paid for brunch since I paid for dinner the night before, but from the moment my jaw dropped upon seeing the price - $90 and change for two people - things just kept getting worse.  We were first seated at a table which didn't have enough room to get into the second seat because it was crowded by a floor lamp.  They did move us, but I was extremely frustrated by this point.Mimosas are included with the exorbitant price, so I ordered two and my girlfriend went to get food.  She had barely sat down when a child, obviously neglected by his parents, lobbed this little rubber handle they give you to pick up the metal dishes at the buffet at her, hitting her in the hair and then bouncing off her and landing right in the middle of the plate.  It was covered in BBQ sauce, so now she's go sauce in her hair and this thing right in the middle of the plate of food she'd just waited in three different lines to get.  Next, the 'owner' of the kid (I say that because he obviously had no parenting skills) starts mouthing off to us and which point I just started motioning for the wait staff or anybody else who attention I could get.  As much as I wanted to rip him limb from limb (he did quiet down a bit when I stood up and he realized I was 6'5"/300), it's better to let the hotel handle it and I figured this way my chance to get out of this awful experience and get our money back.  As the manager approached, he started mouthing off again, swearing, etc. and I just told the manager I wanted this awful experience to end.  She took us to the front which calling security on the guy with the kid and refunded our money.Overall, and awful experience.  They did solve the problem and we did get our money back, but the bottom line is it's just another buffet and at $41.99/person, you can go to a decent restaurant for breakfast twice, get better food and not have to deal with the idiot tourists.Upon leaving, we went to Crystal's at City Center and ended up having lunch at Wolfgang Puck's.  Yea, I know it's a chain and I've eaten at the one at O'Hare too many times, but the service was fantastic, the food was good as usual and the atmosphere was soooooo much better.
5	So, sad to say, I only got to try breakfast, but, that was amazing enough for me! Breakfast was about 25$ per person.I had tried this buffet once before they remodeled it, and let me tell you, that thing was tiny, would hardly call it a buffet. But now, the new and improved buffet is much much better. Our waitress was super nice, and she kept thanking us by the name on the credit card that was paid. For example, thank you ms Tam and guests. Or how are Ms Tam and her friends doing. Our table got a kick out of this.There were two types of fresh OJ in cute little bottles. Regular and tropical, sadly I didn't try to tropical, they had ran out but my friend said it was amazing, she had grabbed the last one. We had only got through half the buffet before our plates were filled, and there were so much more left to eat! There were different kinds of eggs, hash browns, sausages, bacon, typical breakfast foods.  There was an Asian area where they made noodles to order. Everything came in cute mini baskets, skillets, or dishes. The presentation was amazing. There was a crepe station, where they make the crepe for you, but than you put on the toppings yourself. Fresh fruits, dried fruits, sugar, fudge, Nutella, caramel, whip cream and so much more. I also saw them started to chocolate dip strawberries for lunch.I had wish we hadn't waited till the last day to eat here. I would love to try their dinner. But if breakfast was this great, I can only imagine dinner.
5	This is literally the BEST buffet I have ever been to, hands down! It's even better than the buffets on cruise ships as well! I believe this buffet is also on the ultimate buffet list (which we didn't do.)For ~45 dollars, you get a legitimately fine dining experience with unlimited mimosas, fresh squeeze orange juice, coffee, and champagne to your heart's content. There are even well dressed servers to come by and pour you your much needed alcohol or coffee after a night of drinking!Food is amazing as well! Lots of selection including different area of ethnic food. We happen to go for brunch/ lunch on a Sunday and there was your usual breakfast food, Asian, French, Mexican, ect. I can't even begin to explain the awesomeness of their dessert selection, I managed to steal so many of their little mints! The best part is we went for brunch, and stayed for lunch... We could have stayed for dinner as well but we had already been there for about four hours eating our life away....The only drawback is the wait to get into the buffet... I think we had to wait for about an hour and a half. But once you weasel your way in, the place is so big and well organized that you'll never notice the crowd.
5	OK, this buffet gets 5 stars right off the bat for me because of one thing: FRESH MOCHI ICE CREAM!It's very rare to find home-made mochi ice cream anywhere, at least where I come from in Texas. When I order it at restaurants, it's usually pre-made or pre-packaged stuff - but I eat it anyways because I'm addicted to the stuff. So when I came across mochi ice cream in the dessert section at Bacchanal my eyes lit up. When I took my first bite, I was blown away! The mochi was fresh, and if I didn't know any better, I could almost swear they make them in-house.  When I was there, they had multiple flavors including kona coffee, matcha green tea, red bean, BLACK SESAME (!!), and chocolate. I had multiple of each one and they were all amazing! I was in heaaveennnnSo besides the mochi ice cream, other highlights included the raw oysters and the ramen station (whose broth was surprisingly good). Everything else was OK, but good for buffet standards. Looks like they have a fairly large Asian-themed section.For me, the mochi ice cream alone was worth the price :)
5	My first visit to Bacchanal during NYE weekend I waited for almost 2 hours for a table for 8! Despite the wait- it easily became my favorite buffet. Why? TOMAHAWK RIBEYE STEAK ON THE BONE! I was speechless when the chef offered me the entire steak at the carving station. I recently went back again and had less than a 30 min wait for brunch, which was much nicer. Food was still excellent, enjoyed the variety, took advantage of the mimosas, and even though there weren't tomahawks this time around during brunch... Bacchanal is definitely still the fave!
5	We came here on a Saturday afternoon, so the price of the buffet was $45 a person if you have less than 8  people. I think this buffet is taking over as the best buffet on the strip. They have tons of different cultured foods and the waiters are really friendly. They take a picture of your group before you get in line to wait for a table and when you get seated, they come around with the printed picture if you want to buy it or not like a cruise ship. The food was all presented so nicely and seemed so fresh. They also have a dessert island with many different types of gelato that they serve in this little tin bucket! They have an assortment of fresh seafood, meats, sushi, asian, and even a street taco chef! With the buffet, you can either pick mimosas or champagne that comes with the meal as well. I think one of the best items in the buffet were these little miniature burgers that was plated individually. The middle was medium rare and was so juicy, kind of like Umami burger. The sauce was sweet and savory and had a very distinct flavor. I can't wait to go back to Vegas to eat at this buffet because I was too early before they brought out the brisket and creme brulee!
5	All I can say is it was heaven for a foodie like myself. They had everything from sushi to burgers to a cold fish bar. I recommend walking the entire buffet to see everything before making any commitments. The dessert area was amazing, the had everything from gellato to cheesecake to cake pops and more. If your looking for a beautiful setting, great food and comfortable seating then Bacchanal is your place. I will definitely be going back :)
3	Large food selections but there weren't any dishes that wow'ed us but food was decent/good. The wait was also too long. Overall, tons of space n food was decent, but for the price of (50 dollars), n the long wait, the food doesn't make up for it.
5	Best buffet in Las Vegas! Saturday brunch. long line starts at 10-ish. $45 per person if you have rewards card. so many choices to choose from! so little time and not big enough tummy! I highly recommended to try their juice bar,  chef's specials section, and their ramen! everything else is expectedly delicious! definitely will go back every time I go to Vegas.
2	Nice big Buffett  way over priced   Crab legs had no flavor prime was tough
5	For a couple of bucks more than the other buffets in Vegas you'll get a feast. Definitely worth the price and the quality of service is 4 stars.
5	Bacchanal offers the best buffet I have ever eaten at.  The design of the restaurant is modern, light and beautiful.  The food buffets seem to be everywhere and go on forever and the food is so beautifully presented.  Get this - I dined here for both breakfast and dinner yesterday by my friends' request because she loves it so much.  Here are my thoughts:Breakfast here on a Wednesday was great.  We arrived at about 8:30am and did not need to wait in line at all.  We were seated immediately.  I really enjoyed their dim sum.  The pan fried chive and shrimp dumpling was a bit different from an authentic perspective but it was very delicious.  The "lai wong bao" (a custard bun) was only okay - the steamed bun was great but the filling was a bit off.  The Congee with thousand year old egg, all the toppings, and you tiao (Chinese fried donut) was delicious.  I also grabbed an eggs benedict, and it was the best eggs benedict (excluding specialty versions) that I have ever had.  I also had their fresh orange juice, fresh watermelon juice, and coffee.  All of them were excellent.On the same night, we had dinner here at about 8pm.  There was a healthy line but it was fine.  The Asian food was all excellent - pan fried green beans, cooked-to-order ramen, ha gow (shrimp dumpling), a vegetarian bean curd wrap, and blackened chicken soup.  I thought the pile of meat looked very enticing, but my smoked brisket and lamb chops were just standard .  The seafood I had was all good - crab legs, oysters and shrimp cocktail.  I loved the fresh juices so much for breakfast that I grabbed another one and finished it quickly!  Lastly, the desserts were great.  The shining star of dessert was the black sesame mochi ice cream.  The black sesame ice cream had a great nutty flavor, and the mochi wrapped around it was a perfect thickness and so soft and fresh.  I'll look forward to returning one day and having their mochi again.Overall, well done Bacchanal!
3	Was not a big fan of the Bacchanal Buffet.  For my  GF and I, we ended up spending 71.32 for lunch.  A majority of the food here was average and so was service.  Our server was polite but was barely around to refill our beverages.They had a wide verity of deserts. But, besides the crepes and  macaroons nothing else really stood out.Tip: Go for a late lunch! (2:15-2:30)  That  way you can experience dinner at lunch prices.
3	Sorbet and mochi was amazing!
4	Michele and I won 2  free passes at the Bacchanal Bingo Buffet Elite Event.  So we brought a couple of friends to enjoy the night with us.  The line wasn't long for us to wait, but part of that was because our guests came early to do the waiting.  We get to the front of the line and provided the tickets.  We were mistaken for employees, but we soon rectified that.  Damn, our morals.  Anyhow, we were taken to our seats and the feasting began.I sat at the table to watch some purses and order some drinks.  When they got back, I got up as it was my turn to "GLUTTON IT UP"I started out with my new found favorite... Sushi.  I don't know exactly what I got but it was good.  Also on my plate was Dim Sum, Miso Soup, Lo Mein, and a couple of egg rolls.Plate 2, I decided to go a different route.  I had a Lamb Chop.  That was the first time that I have ever eaten lamb.  It was good and I didn't feel guilty because the lamb was probably a cute thing running around a couple of weeks prior.  On that plate was also, a slice of pizza, some more dim sum and some other things that I can't remember.Plate 3, the reason that I couldn't wait to get back.  Dessert: Cake Pops and Jelly Belly's.  Nothing else mattered to me.  I knew that I could eat about $30 worth of Jelly Belly's.  One of my weaknesses.  They were so good.The company was fun too.  We took a few pictures post grubbing.  And, it took us a while to get out of our seats to leave.
4	This buffet is worth it! Chinese food with real steak/beef, mochi ice cream, beef teriyaki short ribs, print rib, brisket, fresh salsa and chips of many types, and lots of meat. Very clean, fancy, and expansive. Nice renovation.
5	The quality of the dishes, the selection, the atmosphere, the best buffet in town, by far!
5	Bacchanal Buffet is an absolutely superior buffet!! EVERY single dish was incredibly delicious. I am not a fan of trying normal dishes at LV buffets just because I like to try things I normally wouldn't. However I did try the Mac and cheese andIt was delicious as well. I found it hilarious that something so simple could be made to have such a delicious taste. We  went with a party of eight therefore they automatically added the 18% tip.  I was not surprised being most restaurants do that nowadays. I am happy to say that every single person in our party agreed it was the best buffet in LV. It was such a nice experience. Everything about the restaurant is awesome. Additionally I enjoyed their decoration and the way the food is presented. I cannot say enough great things about this place definitely worth the price considering there are other buffets that cost nearly the same and are not close to being as good! Can't wait to be in Las Vegas again so that I can come to this buffet again!!
2	Not even par if you ask me. Round 1 was an okay hunk of sausage, McDonalds style egg, potato, muffin thing, terrible country fried steak, and a bland eggy thing;http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bacchanal-buffet-las-vegas-7?select=-moQgZTqIVkOIyYgxLP7uQ#-moQgZTqIVkOIyYgxLP7uQRound 2 upped the game with some above par seafood; crab legs, jumbo shrimp, and some slightly dry mussels;http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bacchanal-buffet-las-vegas-7?select=-moQgZTqIVkOIyYgxLP7uQ#JSxDDyKcKUTIdBAcnHxHeARound 3 was some painfully dry chicken and waffles, deli meats, smoked fish, more sausage, a dumpling, and some very nice shrimp and grits;http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bacchanal-buffet-las-vegas-7?select=-moQgZTqIVkOIyYgxLP7uQ#DptpwIQXc_RaySMHGDijfgOverall, meh. Not a big fan, would not repeat. PS - get there at 8:30am on a Sunday and you'll have the place to yourself.
3	First time here but it really wasn't great...if M Buffet's crab leg quality was more consistently good, then I'd rather go to M buffet. Prob on par with Bellagio in the fact that choices are vast but quality is lacking....especially for the price!  $60 is not bad but I'd rather go to Sterling buffet for $85/person
5	First attempt to come here was last Thanksgiving. 3 Hour wait, um no thank you. Finally able to hit up this place in July and I have to say, this place is top two along with the buffet at the M resort. When you have smoked BBQ at a buffet, you had me at hello. Typical new concept Vegas buffet with stations from around the world. The kicker is that the food is actually good and your a not wasting it by taking a bite and throwing away the rest. Granted the 1st time I came here i had the runs 4 hours later (I'm guessing it was the pastrami at greenfield deli NYNY casino). Was hoping it was a fluke so came back a month later and I was a ok. Bacchanal and Studio B buffet, you are the reason I waste my money on food and not gambling.
4	Why, oh why, oh why did I have to be hungover as death when eating here?  I was literally squirming in my seat trying to keep my food going the right way (as in down, not back up).  I started with 2 soups, hot and sour and French onion, and crap-load of Sierra Mist.  The hot and sour was meh, the French onion was yummy, and the Sierra Mist was to die for.  I just wish I had felt better, because I know my perception was skewed due to the number of alcoholic beverages I had consumed the previous night.  Some things I probably would have loved were the antipasto meats and cheeses, and the tacos, but alas, I was forced to stick to soup and salad for the most part.  Boooooo.  Next time....I will wreck you.
2	What a money pit! Food was terrible and not labeled!
5	When deciding to go to Vegas, what was I most excited about? Brunch Buffet! Brunch is my favorite meal, and while I am not usually a fan of buffets, I do love unlimited champagne, fresh waffles, omelet bars, crepes, biscuits and gravy. The Bachanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace had all these things! It's $40+ per person, but definitely worth it. Brunch is only on the weekends, so it's definitely busy. I'd suggest getting there by 10 am, or end up having a really long wait. They do serve brunch until 3 pm though. We got there around 10 am and ended up having about a 20 minute wait. We were seated at a cozy, remote table. Our hostess told us the table is usually reserved for recently married people, but since she hadn't had any yet, she thought she'd give it to us. We had coffee and mimosas/champagne from the get go. Our glasses were never empty. Obviously not everything was a hit, but all in all my boyfriend and I were extremely happy. He was happy about all the crab legs, although they weren't Alaskan King Crab. My favorites: -Omelet Bar-Waffles that I topped with whip cream and nutella-Prime Rib-Biscuits and gravy-Crepes(which you top yourself, I was a huge fan of the raspberry jam)-Charcuterie-Chinese BBQ Pork-UNLIMITED CHAMPAGNEThe dessert station is one of the real stars too, and they even have gelato. The Buffet space is recently updated too, and absolutely beautiful. I think it's been voted #1 in Vegas, by someone, I don't know. But I am telling you it's delicious, and I am a fatty, so you should listen to me. Next time I am in Vegas, I will definitely plan it so I can come back to Bachanal for more Sunday Champagne Brunch!
3	If you decide to go to a buffet in Vegas -- or anywhere else for that matter -- accept that you will inevitably (a) feel like you're getting ripped off if you don't constantly have a new full plate of food in front of you every 10 minutes, (b) feel the buttons of your jeans flying off as you're stuffing your face to get your monies worth, and (c) feel like a fatass afterwards, and possibly for the rest of the week after your grub-a-thon while wondering to yourself, "Could I have eaten more?" Once you get past those three things and accept that buffet experiences are highly subjective upon one's own perception of value, you can't really go wrong with any high-end buffets. Unless of course, they are terribly bad at EVERYTHING. I've been here on two occasions. The first time was for dinner, in which I was blown away, not only by the buffet selection and display, but because I nearly did topple over from being so stuffed. The second time was for Sunday brunch and I have to admit, I wasn't all that impressed. In fact, I felt a bit ripped off having paid almost as much for brunch as I did for dinner but with a line-up that wasn't nearly as impressive. I had sworn off buffets after the disaster that was Scarpetta's brunch buffet (http://www.yelp.com/biz/scarpetta-beverly-hills#hrid:7vyQ6mSiz9IP0uS3Fu9dgg), and ended up losing my born-again buffet V-card to Bacchanal after more than six months. Thinking back, I think that had a lot to do with why I was so impressed on my first visit here, but sorely disappointed the second time around.My first visit for dinner, there were oysters aplenty (on the half shell and shooters), crab legs, three different kinds of ceviche in cute little shot glasses, and a large selection of sashimi/sushi options. Since I'm not a huge meat eater, I couldn't comment too much on the meat selection, but between bites of sashimi and the boy feeding me forkfuls of random meat carvings, I think there were meats aplenty, as well. Aside from the seafood and red meats, the other buffet stations didn't disappoint either as there were a dish or two at each station that I kept going back for. Last but not least, the dessert display during dinner is totally Instagram-worthy. AYCE mochi ice cream, macarons, two flavors of creme brulee, mini cakes and mousse galore -- it was a diabetic's worst nightmare. It was simply too bad that brunch was lacking in nearly all aspects of what was offered for dinner in terms of selection and quality -- no oysters, no ceviche, no sashimi, dry meats, no mochi ice cream, no macarons -- but having to pay almost as much only because of free flowing champagne. I know some of you raging alcoholics are trying to resist the urge to want to reach into your monitors and slap me silly for scoffing at the idea of AYCD champagne, but I seriously don't see the value in drowning my liver with $10/bottle sparkling wine because we all know "champagne showers" aren't really champagne showers unless it's with Cristal, Dom, or Moet -- I fancy. All kidding aside, Bacchanal is great, but more so for the food porn and the experience of a fancy Vegas buffet than for the food itself. The quality is above average, but that's because you're paying above average prices and shouldn't expect anything less. After about 4 or 5 plates of food, though, it all starts to taste the same anyways and you're probably only eating to satisfy your wallet at that point. If you only have time for one buffet and decide on Bacchanal, go for dinner and have your phone ready for Instagram photo ops. Don't forget the stretchy pants.
5	Please take me back please please can I just live here?SO many delectable choices, make sure you swoop on those raw oysters! Oh and they had a truffle mushroom soup that I dreamed about for WEEKS...... ANd enjoy some mochi ice cream for dessert :) Worth every penny!
5	Two words MIND BLOWING!!! This place is well worth the price! I went there yesterday for lunch with my husband and it was everything I expected and more. At first I was a bit overwhelmed by the entrance fee of $71 for both me and my husband for lunch but once I was inside I understood why the high cover charge. You really need to come here starving so you can try all the food and even then it is impossible to try everything. There is so much good food here that you will run out of room in your stomach before you can try everything...lol. The food here is not like at your average buffet with the canned or frozen foods. Everything taste fresh and you can tell it is quality food. The wagyu beef sliders and the prime rib were amongst my favorite along with the jumbo shrimp. I was a bit disappointed because I was really looking forward to trying their crab legs but they don't have them for lunch so I will be back for dinner to try them. Do save room for dessert because their dessert bar is just as amazing and extensive as the food bar!
5	Went here for brunch on a Saturday. The line was very long. I think it took about 30 mins to get in, which is better than an average ride at Disneyland. So I can't really complain. The place is ultra modern and contemporary. I thought the service was a plus. Lots of different kinds of seats and like most buffets, the cuisine is vast with variety. I suggest coming here on a really empty stomach to get your money's worth. It was $41.99 for brunch, so pig out! I went to The Buffet at the Wynn and liked this one much better. Mostly because of their variety and service. So I'm kinda scratching my head as to why The Buffet at Wynn was voted best buffet in Vegas...but who cares. If your in Vegas...come here and u won't be disappointed.
5	Best buffet in Vegas by far! The wait can be long but it's worth it. Great selection of food across a variety of cuisines. LOVE the dessert bar! Great seafood and everything is very fresh! Many cooked to order options too!
2	With all the hype I was excited for gourmet food, great presentation and the option to try a few new dishes. After 90 minutes in line we discovered a buffet less impressive than Bellagio and on par with the Wynn. Salads were limited, desserts were left uneaten, and there was no shortage of pizza and Mexican food.  Crab legs were the highlight for me but for the price I would rather order a King crab leg dinner at a nice restaurant (these were skimpy but plentiful). I took away stars for the gutsy move to price this meal at $50.
3	Over rated food not too bad, service is horrible.  Not a seafood lovers so not too many other choices.
4	Although I waited in line to eat here longer than any nightclub, I loved this place! So, buffets are typically pretty amazing because you get to eat a little (or a lot) of everything. This buffet has more food stations than you'd typically see and their food is actually really good and fresh. I came for brunch which is a good time to go since they serve bottomless mimosas! Also, if you go during the tail end of brunch you get more selection since they start transitioning into the lunch menu. Their seafood, sushi, and dessert stations were my faves. Their dessert station includes several different flavors of gelato. Try the Thai iced tea and French toast gelato. Yumm!
5	Everything is top notch! Beautiful and elegant! Food is super fresh and tasty!  I will def be back whenever I visit vegas!
5	Can't go wrong with over 500 dishes to try from :)
4	We opted for the buffet. My husband likes to try a variety of food.. Which they def. had, I love that they serve Sushi- Dim sum Mexican food- American- seafood.. If was a great mix!! Only disappointment was when I went to get the nigiri tuna sushi- they were out!! It is a bit pricey and there is a wait.. But that's okay.. You get what you pay for!! Enjoyed!!!  We will come back on our next trip!!!
4	I've anticipated in trying this buffet since it first opened, but never got around to planning a vegas trip. Finally got to try this buffet in August '13 and Oct '13!My goal is pretty much to eat at every buffet offered in vegas and so far I've tried almost all of them! In my comparison to The Buffet at Wynn, Wicked Spoon, Aria, Bellagio, M Studio Buffet, I would say Bacchanal didn't exceed my expectations :( The Wynn still ranks best for me.Both times that I've tried Bacchanal was during the time between brunch and dinner so I got to try food from both menus. Surprisingly the food doesn't change much... Both months had the same food for both brunch & dinner. TIP: Make sure you come in between so probably around 2/2:30 so you can get both brunch and dinner but pay only brunch price! Plus the wait isn't as long and goes by fast. Both times I only waited about 30 mins and make sure you get your TR card so you can get a discount it comes out to be about $40 with UNLIMITED MIMOSAS ETCAnyway the foods that really stood out for me were the sweet potato tater tots in the little baskets they were soooo good! The meat section always had a long line, the standout meats were the lamb chops & ribs. They had all sorts of variety of sausages as well from chicken to turkey. The prime rib was good perfect medium rare. I found out the reason for the long line at the meat station is 'cause there's only one worker manning the station. In other buffets they sort of divide up the meat sections so there isn't always one long line of carnivores waiting in line starving.In the back is the asian/pizza section. The asian section here is HUGE compared to other buffets. Surprisingly the asian food served here is REALLY good. I like the crispy spicy fish thing (forgot what it was called) and the eggplants. My friends had a bunch of the sushi and said it was good quality. They give you these cute plastic fish soysauce holders also. The dim sum section was good especially the shu mai. The DIY pho broth and tonkatsu broth flavor were on point as well. Same with the roast duck & BBQ PORK!!! So yeah if you have a super asian family, bring them to bacchanalThe pizza here is ok, the Wynn is still better. The dough just isn't crisp enoughCRAB LEGS!! They boil them fresh for you so you get hot crab legs to dip in butter. What most ppl overlook is their delicious clam chowder here!! It's sooo good and creamy with their pretzel/sourdough bread. The breads look like its on display, but you actually can eat them I think that's why most ppl overlook the clam chowder area. They also have baked clams & mussels in little portioned buckets, but those were just okThe Mexican food station is bomb as well, they've got made to order al pastor, chicken, etc tacos. I love the pulled pork as well it's always nice and tenderOmelette - I like it here 'cause they use the nonstick spray to "grease" the pan instead of ladling a ton of oil onto the pan.DESSERTS - They've got MOCHI, gelato, and DIY crepes. The dessert section isn't as great as the wynn or wicked spoon. However, they have these delicious chocolate cookies w/ peanut butter filling inside sooooooo good!!Overall this buffet is HUGE! I pretty much ate everything there, but still something was missing at this buffet, not sure what.
1	Overpriced, long lines. Noisy. Only one variety of fish--salmon--and even for that had to wait. Rude sitters and the cashier.  Paris and Wynn were much better.
5	FOODIE ALERT! YOU MUST EAT HERE BEFORE YOU DIE! Never have I fallen in love with such an amazing buffet! I am forever in Caesar Palaces debt for blessing such a wonderful place. Thursday lunch price is $30-35 and weekend Fri-Sun $45. unlimited mimosas for additional $10. Holiday weekends prices go up. During dinner at 3pm they start to serve LAMB! I must have had a whole lamb to myself because I am a huge rack of lamb fan. Amazing. Everything from oysters, king crab legs (served hot or cold), and desserts are to die for.
3	I was debating whether if I should rate this place 3-stars or 4-stars, then I went with 4...  Here is the reason why.I first went here about 4 months ago with my boyfriend. We came here around 3 after an hour long walk from Encore Beach Club (Never again, don't do that). There were no lines. We were seated right away, weirdly, because everyone was telling me how packed this place was. After being seated, we went to start our food journey!I started from the right, which was the Asian food area. Their sushi is SO dry, I cannot eat their rolls or sushi. I gave up on the Asian section eventually. Next to it was the salads... then Italian.... they were both okay. Moving on to my next meal was the meat section. I decided to skip the Mexican section since I am not a fan, but it looked tasty. THE prime rib was good, at least my first time around. It was cooked medium rare, very soft, melted in my mouth. My third plate was the snow crabs! My favorite. You can ask them to get it steamed! It doesn't really take long. There were oysters... cocktail shrimps, etc. as well. WAS I BLOATED AND FULL by then. But I had to get desserts. You can't skip it. Honestly, I think their dessert section is better than everything else in the buffet. To gelatos to crepes, to cheesecake, it was so fancy and colorful.I was eager to come back to this place..... so I did. Which was last weekend. I came around 1? Don't do that. The line was ridiculous. However, I was lucky enough to cut in front of everyone because my friend was like the player's card? (IDK) But EH. I was 100% sober this time and the food did NOT taste wonderful like last time I came around. Sushi again was dry. HOWEVER, the pho was really good. The soup was actually tasty, instead of just watered down. (Fitting to American taste) The prime rib was NOT tasty at all. It was overcooked, mashed potatoes were so watery. The snow crabs was just the only thing I just enjoyed. My belly was able to take in dessert again by the end, and I again thought dessert was overall the best section out of everything else.I do not plan to return to this place. I rather go to Wicked Spoon next time.After writing this review, I changed my rating from 4 stars to 3 stars.
3	I went for here for lunch. Lets say for $33 a person I was not happy.I love the fact that they have at least a few hundred food options but it would be helpful if it tasted good.I had a plate from every section which consisted of seafood (for lunch no crab legs), american BBQ, mexican, american Italian, chinese, sushi and then the dessert.Mussel's, oysters and shrimp were average.keilbasa, ham, n the american BBQ section was not as good as my family BBQ's, which was disappointing. The cute mini waygu beef burgers were ok. the cute tiny portions of onion rings was yummyMexican area was nice they heat your mini tortillas and meat right in from of you. the american italian station with pizza and pizza rolls was average. Pizza was bland. Pizza rolls were dry.Sushi was just sushithe chinese was ok. the orange chicken was yummy. beef and broc had a funky taste. The fried rice was dry & lacking veggies The desserts was what I lived for. Yet again i was disappointed. The tiramisu was not good. Pecan tart was ok. The sorbets were good unless you tried a weird flavor like mango with chile and lime.the cupcakes were divine. The flavor combinations were yummy, the whipped frosting could have come on a spoon and I would have been happy.The cupcakes themselves were also very moist.In the end if your thinking of going I would recommend dinner. Which will cost you about 45-50 a person but you will have that option of crab legs during dinner.I plan on giving them a second chance during a dinner service, but lunch wasn't worth it.
5	Came here during dinner in a busy holiday weekend.  This is far the best buffet in Vegas, with the variety of food offerings and the quality of the dishes to the nice setting inside.   I tried breakfast here before and it wasn't as good as the dinner but still a better option than a lot of the other buffets out there.  Every time I come to Vegas I come here for at least one meal and I'm not disappointed.  A must try.
5	A new king of the buffets has been crowned in Las Vegas for me. Everything top to bottom was outstanding (except the price) Actually didn't have to wait to get in, got seated right away on a Thursday at around 5 pm.  Started with king crab legs and shrimp cocktail. Excellent legs and perhaps the biggest shrimp I've seen at a casino buffet. 2nd plate was the smoked meats section. Really good BBQ style meats and I'm from an area that specializes in this, so I know good BBQ when I taste it. Italian and Asian sections I only dabbled in, for I was getting quite full. Desserts were fine, I'm not a huge sweet eater to judge. Service was great, never had an empty glass or dirty plate in front of me. 1 thing to improve; the prime rib. very dry and overcooked when I asked for medium rare.
4	Situation: In Vegas for an All-Guys Trip, Saturday LunchThe line was out the door. It was least a 2 hour wait. If you're at least a Total Rewards Diamond Star Member, then you can skip the line and look at all the people as you walked by them. Hint: Also a good way to pick up girls. It works for the club, I don't see why it can't work for the buffet line too. **DISCLAIMER** Not tested, but I'll let you know next time I'm in Vegas.Lunch comes out to about $45 dollars. There is an 18% gratuity with 8+ people. Lunch didn't have oysters, but I've been here before for dinner where they did have oysters. The meal comes with bottomless mimosa. So you can definitely go HAM there. I was full before I went halfway around the food stations. Some of my favorite items were the Cheese & Potato Gratin, the crab legs, the seafood, etc. Actually I lived everything about it. My suggest to the Asians out there, don't just go for the high price items, do what you're suppose to really do at a buffet which is sample and taste everything on the menu. Every item is superb in its own respect. When the typical Hot & Sour soup that you normally see in the Chinese Markets was superb. This is culinary buffet cooking at its finest. They have Orchota. They also have the cold version and the hot version of the crab legs, try both.5-Star Scenario:-Come here on a Sunday after clubbing, if you're like me and can eat a lot the next day after a long night of drinking amongst other things.-Come here around 10ish if you want to avoid the lines for lunch. This is usually before people check out of the hotels. -If you don't want to worry about food for your entire Vegas trip, get the Buffets of the Buffets deal. If you time this right, you can actually get 4 meals out of it. Also if you book the hotel room for 2 nights, they'll include you 2 buffets passes for free (granted, the price is baked into the price of the Hotel Room from the normal Hotel rate. But, you'll basically get one buffet pass free from the analysis I've done on a couple rates)5-Star Recommendation:-Be a Diamond Club member or know someone that's a Diamond Club member. If we're in Vegas at the same time, I'd be happy to walk you in.-Try a little bit of each item, you'll never know when you'll really like something.-If the price was $10 dollars cheaper, I would eat here every time I go to Vegas. At this price, I can only go every other time ; (
5	BEST.... BUFFET....EVER....I did not want to leave...seriously..It's a must try, completely enjoyed every single bite that i had in this placeIt's like if the Wicked Spoon Buffet and The Bellagio Buffet had a baby it would be this! and i went on friday so who knows how amazing it gets during the weekend!First off, if you're going during the week and want to save some money, go in before 3PM, around 230issh so you can pay lunch price for dinner;)The seafood station was amazingggg..One of the best parts of my meal was definitely the king crab, it was cut open for you and served warm if desired! The had oysters, mussels, oyster shooters and large cocktail shrimp for days.
5	Imagine a $$$ restaurant - gourmet food. Think of another $$$ gourmet restaurant. Think of another. And another. and another. Now put those all together and you got yourself Bacchanal Buffet.You can seriously take a tour of the world in this place. From Asia to Italy to US, you can enjoy the cuisines in one location. A few highlight dishes in my opinion:- Fresh Cocktail Shrimp. They were HUGE! and juicy and fresh.- Truffle sliced potatoes au gratin - it just melts in your mouth- Tonkatsu Ramen - the noodle was aight but the broth was pretty decent- Horchata (drink) - in the Mexican Food section- Gelato Pistachio - Sweet Potato Tater Tots - light, sweet, crispI've been to several buffets on the strip is this one is definitely the top 2. The Wynn Buffet is the other top 2. Has better meat section (Veal, Lamb) but Bacchanal offers more variety and quantity since it has more real estate. Price has definitely gone up since it has opened. I ate at $35 dollars (TR price) in the 2nd week after it opened. This time around, i paid $50 (TR price) on Friday night.This is food heaven. Seriously. Presentation, service, and cleanliness, this place lives up to its hype and cost. For all you buffet lovers, heavy eaters, this is THE buffet to go to in Vegas.GO GO GO GO GO!
5	New favorite buffet in Vegas!  Sorry Mirage...  This place is amazing.  Every cuisine and plenty of it!  Champagne included.  Dessert even gets it's own area!  I went for lunch which has a mix of breakfast and lunch items but more weighted to lunch items.  $43 plus tip, but worth every penny.Just be prepared to wait in line for atleast an hour during regular eating times.
4	This is one of the better buffets around.  The highlights:- Carving Station- Cucumber juice - my favorite- Taco station- Decent, but not great ramen- Dessert bar - Crab legs, heated- OystersThe low-lights:- The sushi- The Italian food lack in selection- The Asian food was limited, there was no xao lum bao on my visitI would for sure come here, again, when in Vegas.  Especially if someone in my party loves dessert, as they probably have one of the better dessert bars around.
2	$50 for a unforgettable buffet? Crab legs aren't very good. The only thing I love about the buffet is the meat station and  the awesome lamb chops. Other than that I think I'm going to stick to studio B
2	Was not impressed. Stopped here because I was too lazy to make it over to Wicked Spoon. Crazy expensive buffet, very little was decent-tasting. Sure, huge selection, but not well-done. Had breakfast at the Bellagio buffet the next day and it seemed quite a bit better.
5	I'm eating as we speak! It's so good that I ha to write a review! Great selection of food! Seafood, soup, meats, and everything in between. I suggest you come with empty stomachs because you won't stop eating!
5	Absolutely the BEST buffet in Vegas!!!!
5	This place had the longest line ever to get into...but it went very quickly and efficiently.  The service was great and fast.  The food was AWESOME!  Definitely will come back!
5	I've been to many buffets and they are usually good in Vegas, but this buffet was outstanding! The quality of the food was actually impressive. The Chinese food tasted authentic and not like Panda Express Chinese. Sushi was fresh, loved the carving station with all the different meats. The taco bar was awesome as well. This buffet was totally worth it and would certainly return.
1	Was not impressed. Lines to long. Crazy expensive buffet, very little was decent-tasting. Staff not engaged.  Selection is not what is was 1 year ago, not executed well.   Staff cutting corners and on Halloween Night our food was old and stale.   Had breakfast at the Bellagio buffet the next day and it seemed  at least fresher and made to order - not mass produced and just setting there - Not worth the Price we paid.  Been 3 times - now I'm not sure about a 4th since quality is suffering and corners are being taken.  Disappointed.
4	Researched top buffets in Vegas and this one seemed to have consistently strong reviews.  The price is on the higher end, but for dinner, I thought definitely worth it.I enjoy buffets not so much to gorge myself with quantity, but for the sheer variety of options.  I literally like the EXPERIENCE of having so many options and having a BITE of one thing that looks tempting or novel is not out of the question.Went for dinner around 8ish on a weeknight, so the wait was negligible. There were several stations organized by themes: Seafood, Mexican, American Comfort Food, Italian/Charcuterie, Asian (Sushi, Noodles, Dumplings) and Dessert.Everything was well-presented and it didn't appear anything was sitting around too long even on a slow night.  Favorites: Sweet potato tater tots, Seafood Paella (tons of mussels & clams), Dessert (Mochi, Macarons, Gelato -- some eclectic flavor options too!), Charcuterie meat selections, Supreme Pizza.  The seafood, dessert & american comfort food stations were probably the top 3.As mentioned above, like to try a bite of nearly everything and I think I did with the exception of the Mexican station (there's no dearth of excellent options in Socal).  Also - I'm not a crab leg person as I'm allergic, but the giant snow crab (or alaskan king crab legs) were very popular - I even saw one tiny lady pack a plate high with at least 25. Given that - the favorites above were the standout for me.  Most notably - the dessert - I don't even have a sweet tooth, but I'd say the dessert offerings alone warranted the price alone. The disappointment was the asian food.  Lots of option - but all very mediocre to blech.  The dumplings were a shame (chewy and flavorless) and the sushi - well, I had one bite & never have high expectations for sushi en masse (and I thought it was meh), bbq pork chewy, noodles over-cooked & salty and so forth.The ambience of the dining area is very upscale featuring modern decor - very open, well-lit and spacious.IMHO - definitely worth it for the weekday dinner price!
5	This is THE best buffet in Vegas at the moment. I didn't even take any pictures because I was busy stuffing my face. Plus, pictures would not do it justice -- every dish would deserve one.Crab legs, hot or cold? Up to you! They'll serve you a whole plate of fresh hot legs on request. Tonktasu ramen or pho? Why not... just eat everything here.Seriously, eat. everything. here.
5	Wow!  This was my first trip to Vegas and my first meal in Vegas.  I had never eaten at a $50 buffet before and at first thought, "$50 FOR A BUFFET"!?  Once we were seated, I took some time to walk around the different stations before choosing my meal.  I couldn't believe the selection and everything looked so delicious.  I had a little taste of a lot of foods.  My favorite were the crab legs and shrimp.  I also tried meats from the carving station, sushi, a potato dish, tacos, spring rolls, fresh juices, and several desserts and gelato.  I'm sure I had more, but I just can't remember it all.  There are so many places to eat in Vegas, and hitting this place when we first got here was probably the best thing to do.  After a few days in Vegas and eating out everyday, I don't think I would have wanted to eat so much anymore.  I will definitely be back on my next trip to Vegas to have my first meal.
2	I came here for a wedding reception. The party was small (25-30 people).  They sat us way in the back which was fine until I saw the biggest cockroach I've ever seen. The manager barely offered an apology.
5	Everyone said it, and I'll repeat it: This is THE BEST buffet in Vegas.Eat here. Like seriously eat here.Normally I don't like buffets because I never feel like "I get my money's worth" or whatever nonsense, but this is the exception. Forget Wicked Spoon, forget whatever else you've heard, BACCHANAL. The quality of food here is so good that I wouldn't mind eating here multiple times and just enjoy the different foods, because--yeah sure a specialty restaurant might be better with their specialty item--but this place comes pretty freaking darn close, in every cuisine too.Very clean, awesome and attentive service, nice and spacious.I believe it's around $50-55 dollars or so for dinner on Friday, but not completely sure. We were walked in to the front of the line and paid for (any Diamond+ members can do that I think) by my awesome friend's dad :) :) :) definitely made the meal better but I'll try to be unbiased. (LOLwhoamIkidding)----Food-Brisket, prime rib for meat. GREAT. They have others too but I could not fit anything else in my stomach no matter how hard I tried.-They have ramen. And pho. I only had the ramen but it was pretty great terms of ramen. I compared to ones I've had in L.A. (L.A. is def better) but I mean c'mon what can you expect, it's good enough.******** Truffled Potato Gratin *****************^^^ NOTE THIS ITEm. TRUFFLED POTATO GRATIN. GET IT. THEN GET MORE.TRUST ME. TRUFFLED POTATO GRATIN. nothing I can say will explain the truffled potato gratin.If that wasn't clear enough, get the truffled potato gratin. It's by the meat section. You're welcome.**************************************************-Another key item is the *PEACH GREEN TEA* drink. Order it, it's soooooooooo good. Even if you just want a taste (it's a buffet!) I've never heard of it or had it til my friends all got it, and oh boy this drink just makes me hate any other buffet for not having anything close to it.-They also have sushi, and more variety and better quality sushi than any other (general) buffet I've seen in Vegas, including Wicked Spoon. Tuna and salmon, sashimi and nigiri, and wasabi. The only downside is I couldn't find any tiny bowls for soy-sauce-and-wasabi :-/ step up yo gaammeee bacchanal!-Xiaolongbao (Chinese pork buns) and other Asian section dishes. Man they have like everything here. Tasty, but I didn't eat too much because high carb-to-price-ratio and we Asians all know we can't be eating those at buffets ;)-Crawfish was decently great.-Standard (good quality) crab legs. Can ask for it hot or cold!-Good desert bar.-Oysters are good too, not the BEST but they're passable if you like oysters.I know I've missed a ton of sections and foods but trust me, you can go multiple times and still love the darn place. Honestly the highest quality gourmet foods I've ever tasted in a buffet. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
5	This is the best buffet in vegas! It's pretty awesome that quantity does not lower the quality! I usually go around dinner time because they have a better seafood selection :) I get the crab legs warmed and sprinkle lemon on it! Yum! Also, their oysters taste on the fresher side. Also, they have a good selection of mexican and asian. Don't forget to get their horchata! It's delicious. My favorite part of this buffet is their dessert selection.  They have macarons, crepes, pie...anything you can imagine. I spend a good 2 hours in the buffet and by the end of my meal, my pants get A LOT tighter. Tip: What I like to do is get the 24 hour band and when you get to the bacchanal you just pay an extra 15-25 dollars or so depending on whether it's lunch or dinner.
3	Absolutely the best Buffett I have ever been to! The food was all top notch and fresh! Absolutely worth the $45 per person price tag! The wait was a little long (we waited about a hour) but let me tell you it was totally worth it! I loved the fresh juices! I also loved how fresh everything was to the seafood to the pizzas and pasta dishes to everything in between! And yes all you yelpers the truffle potato dish was friggin awesome! I did however knock off a star because the crabs were very fishy and half of the items are not labeled! Is like to know what I'm eating, but that's not going to stop me from coming back! FYI you can pay $15 extra pp and skip the lines and be put in the express line which is a 15 min wait vs. 2 hour wait!
5	Still the bomb.  Been about 5 months since I've been here and was not disappointed. This time waited a really long time due to the sema car convention. Tried more asian flare this go aroundThe green beans were addict ing Porridge. Yes I said porridge yum with some thousand year old egg and spices. Didn't know they had this but sealed it for the wifey.  Boiled snow crab.  She loves crab but typically too salty at buffets. Well boiled was perfect i think she had 4 heaping plates. Potatoe something on the meat station. WowEven the clam bake which looked Derry but was tasty All and all worth the 50 bucks. Maybe because we had atleast 10 ice cream mochi as well.
5	I was SUPERRRRR full after this buffet! My favorite and most unique reason why I like this place is because if their tonkatsu ramen and pho. Most buffet places don't serve this but Bacchanal did and it wasn't bad. My second favorite is their desserts!! Their apple pie, fresh made crepe (though I wish they had fresh fruit as toppings instead), and mochi ice cream!!! Their salmon sushi was also good and sliced the way I like it, not too thick. The warm crab legs were also a favorite, because it didn't have the fishy sea smell/taste to it and it was flavored just perfectly so I could eat a plate-ful. The oysters were pretty fresh as well. Service was great and oh yeah, the peach green tea was definitely huge factor of my fullness too. Had two glasses of it because it was so delicious. Definitely will be back, maybe next time lunch to see what other dishes they serve. Also, their food seemed super authentic which is a plus because each cuisine, the chefs are from that culture, which makes it even more authentic!
5	I am definitely a fan! Although we waited a while, it was worth the wait! So many different kinds of foods, and everything I had tasted good! Definitely tastier than your typical mass produced buffet food. It's very clean and pretty organized. We went for brunch, and the buffet came with bottomless mimosas! I'm excited to go back the next time I'm in vegas...it's definitely a must try!
3	This buffet is really nice and really clean. I don't really understand the long line, for what I've tasted, it wasn't that special. The seating is really nice and classy, the food separated by type. There is a dessert bar, a juice section, a sushi section, and a cold seafood section. (I'm only laying out the important parts for ya ;] ). There are tender, juicy cut meats, and hot and cold crab legs. Overall, what I tasted was very average, the M's buffet is so much better :/ I really thought the dessert bar was going to be so great--it wasn't. The gelato is!! Too bad it's not homemade lol. My waitress only refilled my water once. It was just a weird experience after waiting so long..
5	My first time to try this buffet at Caesers and it is delish!  We are lucky we know a high roller & got into the shortcut line because the regular line was hundreds deep!This is one beautiful buffet!   I love how they decorated the whole area.   Lots of action stations & a huge dessert island.  I barely got a sample of all the items they had to offer.   It was a big assortment. Here are some Highlights:Warm boiled Crab legs.  The cook it in front of you!Creme brulee with the perfect crispy layer on top.  The creme part was a little dense but very good flavors. Pepper dungeness crab, good flavor but not as freshCarne asada tacos were really delicious! Lobster corn chowder, great flavor! Sliced salamis/panchetta were very goodSteak was amazing!  Though the line was insane....  Sweet potato tots with sweet glaze in a mini fry basket were yumPoached salmon with arugula was flaky & flavorfulMussels were okSpiced pumpkin pie was good for the seasonChoc creme brulee was like choc pudding with a yummy chocolate layerThis is one delicious buffet with so many choices,  it's sure to make everyone happy!
3	This place is over rated and overpriced ! Wait time is about 2 hours and you pay 51$ plus tax and if you can't wait too long you can add 15 more dollars and your wait time is about 15 min and i think that's shady business from management calling it express lane !!!Food is tasty but nothing special , I like their choices of meat and the way it's cooked but anything else is average and you can find it in any other hotel buffet (Wynn , Rio seafood and Bellagio ) . Our waiter was nice and helpful .  We also heard a lot about their dessert choices but i wasn't really impressed  just normal buffet dessert .
4	A little pricy at 50.00 a head,  but fresh with great selection. Ramen was pretty good also with a great selection of sushi and meats. Shrimp cocktail was tasty too.
4	Hadn't been to a top Vegas buffet in a while so decided to try the "new" one - Bacchanal, which had a lot of great reviews.I ended up very satisfied with my choice.A friend and I went there during early Friday evening expecting to wait for a while but I guess we hit the sweet spot and walked right in (just before 6 pm).Somebody had recommended the tomahawk steak but apparently it was not available on this night.  Perhaps a weekend only item?However, there was plenty of other good food including:- Pork ribs - excellent dry rubbed ribs- Fine cold cuts  (salami, etc)- Warm crab legs- Sashimi- Sliders- Truffled Potato Gratin - these really are greatThere was plenty more to be had if only I had room for everything.The dessert selection and apparent quality is amazing but I only had enough room left for a little sherbet, which was delicious.To be fair, let me mention the couple of small negatives: 1- the sashimi was gone when I went back a second time 2- there was a bottled juice section but the juices were warm3- maybe I could have asked for ice for the juices but the server was not around as often as we would have likedIt was a great experience and I would not hesitate to eat there again, provided I wanted to spend around $60 (including tip).  For me, it's a close race between this and Bellagio.
5	What an Epic Feast as they claim!!!Every dish is crafted to near perfection with care. I felt like most items were cooked to order. All of the food were in perfect temperature, veggies had good flavor with good texture.(not mushy at all.) I dislike mushy veggies, they taste like baby food.I have been to many buffets in Vegas, and I think this one is the best. There are many stations to please everyone's tastebuds. The staff are extremely polite and professional. The dessert station is out of this world. Its like having a full operational French bakery in the buffet. They have everything from cookies, macaroons, gelatos, crepes, and even mochi icecream!!!!Thank you Caesars Entertainment corporation for complimentary 24 hour buffet pass for veterans for Veterans Day! I thank other servicemen who serve our country!!
5	Bacchanal is the most expensive buffet I've ever been to, but it's also the only buffet that I have felt was a good value.  The quality of the food is so high, and the service is so good, that it was unlike any buffet experience I've ever had in Las Vegas or elsewhere.Usually the ambiance at a buffet just makes me sad, so I tend to avoid them.  People waddle to the service stations and ladle massive quantities of sub-par food onto their plates like they are plugging up for the winter.  Nobody ever looks like they are enjoying themselves or having a good time.  But everybody at Bacchanal had a smile and as I looked around the room all I saw were happy people laughing and enjoying themselves.When I say "good food", I mean that the food is genuinely delicious--not just "good for a buffet."  Every dish I tried would have been appropriately served as a restaurant entree or appetizer by itself.  It's like the chefs at Bacchanal are just executing an excellent menu that happens to be served in buffet format.The seafood and meat carving stations were the best I've seen.  Fresh, high quality proteins and a vast variety.  I also really enjoyed the southern/diner-style station.  Usually this area consists of sad looking meatloaf and a few fried items.  But at Bacchanal, there were some really creative dishes including sweet potato tots in a nice glaze, decadent mashed potatoes and carved meats like lamb and prime rib.The dessert station was my favorite spot by far, though.  They had macaroons that rivaled the quality in some French bakeries I've visited--and six different kinds!  Plus a nice selection of creamy gelatos, fresh tarts and other baked goods.You know those photographers who take your photo at the entrance to an amusement park so that you can buy it when you leave to commemorate the experience?  There is one of those at the entrance to the buffet.  I thought it was a little weird, but I guess I can understand why someone might want to document their Bacchanal experience.  One of my friends suggested that it might be better to photograph diners AFTER dinner as they exit.  I agree that would be way funnier.Yes, this is an expensive buffet.  But it's also a fantastic dining experience that is worth the $50+ and the long wait in line.  I did not expect to be saying that.  But Bacchanal redefined my expectations for what a good buffet can be.
5	Holy shit, now this is a buffet.I've never been much of a buffet person -- heat lamps over food of middling quality. But the Caesar's buffet blew me away with the quantity, variety, and quality of food. The decor is pretty pimp, too.The coup de gras was that they had sushi! Some of the best maguro nigiri I've ever had, and I've eaten sushi in Japan.
4	not to much to say about buffets in sin city. this is probably one of the best i have had in a looooog time. dined on a friday night, buuuuussy!!! but, when ur with a group who make u laugh happy being with? noo problem. u can skip the long line n pay an extra 10-20 dollars to go to express line.
5	BEST  BUFFET I BEEN TO IN VEGAS! I came around 11:15 AM and it was $35 per person. I guess for dinner it's $50. They had lots of food and endless amounts of meat, steak, BBQ. One side had Asian food, another side had Mexican, another side had American, another had Seafood, and guess what?! They didnt forget about the Vegetarian population! Yes they had a Vegetarian section!!!! Most buffets dont have that! Their desserts section was on the opposite side of the buffet but the sweet confections were to die for! Macaroons, gelato, cookies, and much much more! They had crab but a worker told me it didnt come in until 3:00 PM, which was a big bummer but i resorted to a bucket of mussels lol. The ramen and pho were pretty good and the sushi was great! They even had Horchata (mexican rice and cinammon drink) as well as Tamarindo, Pineapple juice, and other drinks from Mexico. Their tacos were also mad on a flat grill like at the taquerias back home in California. Also, the workers were friendly and very attentive! They took care of me and my table of friends and made sure we were catered to! Now thats the 10 star service that i expected from this place!Not to mention its located in the beautiful Caesar Palace Hotel and Casino! Lines may get pretty long which is a big bummer but the food is well worth the wait!! Not to mention, they also take a picture of you and your group before being escorted to your table!If your a gelato or macaroon or seafood fan, this is the place to dine at in Vegas!!
4	What a buffet!  The food was soooooo delicious and the desserts....THE DESSERTS!!!  I won't need to elaborate on the food except...you should try it!  But, I did take away 1 star because of the following:1. Of course the "best buffet in L.V." has about a 2 hour wait on Sunday evening at 6:30pm...still it was worth it.2. We came in a group of 6 + 1 baby.  When we got to the cashiers, we told her that we had that many in our party and she told us that they only have seats for groups of 5 or less.  What?!  I don't believe it!  So we said we'd split if that was the only case.  When we got to the end of the line for seating, we saw TWO groups of more than 7 people (who were in line WAY behind us) go in together!  When I asked the host why we were told they didn't have tables for 6 or more, she told me we asked to split up!  And that if we really wanted to, we could've pretty much begged the cashier to put us together, but our wait would be much longer.  WHAT?!  The family BEHIND us didn't have a "much longer" wait than us.  Usually, with service like that, I'd take at least 2 or 3 stars off...but it was good food, AND the waiters who walk around were SO nice!!!!  Yes, each person is about $51 during weekend dinner time, but this is a top buffet...I think it's actually CHEAP for what you'll get!
5	Before Vegas hotels fancied up their buffets, I was not a fan of buffets at all. Granted now you're paying more for the trendy decor & creative individual mini fry baskets/ramekins/buckets, but the food quality has also improved. Par-for-the-course beautiful desserts, but only tiramisu & the caramel macaron stood out as worth the calories. The rest were just eye candy (literally.)Everything else I tried was phenomenal: har gow, shrimp cocktail, warm king crab legs w/ buttah, black bean crab, mashed potatoes, sweet potato maple tots, lobster corn chowdah, mango juice. Wish I had more room to try: pozole & tacos. My group went wild for the carving station & charcuterie. $51/person. Not a long line at 4 pm on a Friday. 2 hour max at your table. Became a favorite of mine & the bf's after just one bite!
4	On my most recent Vegas trip, this was a must stop.  I've heard so much about this place from friends and of all people... my mom!  My boyfriend and I were meeting friends at the buffet, and we heard that the wait for the buffet would be long.  So we decided to arrive a little early and claim a spot in line.  Once our friends arrived, they happened to be in Vegas the same weekend as us, they said we may be able to jump the line because they were Platinum Total Rewards cardholders!  Score!  Instead of waiting another 30 minutes, we were seat right away after paying.As for the food, it was better than more buffets but the main draw was the seafood.  This is available only on the weekend I believe, but I could be wrong... it wouldn't be the first time.  Of course there is crab legs, you can get cold, steam, or boiled.  The food is out in small potions which can be nice because sometimes you don't want to touch the spoon after someone wipes the nose with his hand! ewwww gross!!  They have a lot of different craving stations with various cuts of meat and sausages.  The desserts were good they had French macarons (no double O), which were not so great.  I think the best thing was the black chicken soup.  I know it sounds scary but it tastes good and is good for you. As my mom says, "It cleanses your system."Bacchanal was good, would I come back?  Maybe.  If I become a Platinum Total Rewards cardholder (I still have a long way to go) or go at an off time (whenever that is!) because the line was ridiculous!
5	For anyone that has learned to hate Buffet's as much as I have over the years...hate no more...this new gourmet buffet (open about a year) at Ceasars Palace is fantastic!!! Took my parents here and we all luved it...they had Prime Rib, Lamb Chops, I had King Crab, Salmon & Ahi Sushi, mussels,oysters, lobster 2 ways, shrimp, ceviche, a bunch of different sides all in small plate size so you could try many different options (over 500!), for dessert we had panna cotta,tiramisu,mochi,key lime tart, and on and on and on...I can't stress it enough...if your in Vegas, you should go here : )
5	Best buffet in Vegas. GoodService and good food. Desserts are exquisite. Good pizza and ramen. Mango with chili sorbet is a must.
4	This was a great buffet! I took away 1 star because not everything hit the mark but a majority did. Also we missed the other half of the buffet half the time since it was hidden around the corner in another room. Of course there was a line but  for the length it went by pretty fast. We did go toward the end of the night. We chowed on everything from crab legs to prime rib (still on the rib,dinosaur size) to sushi and made to order ramen.  We will be back and will come more hungry!
5	they've got food to satisfy every palette ... go hungry...leave happymy fav part is the cheese and charcuterie make sure to leave room for the dessert
5	Waited in line for a little over an hour to get in.  There's also an option to pay $15/person to bypass the first line (yeah, there are two lines) if you can't stand the wait.  By the time I paid, the wait in line was at about 2.5 hours, so I can definitely see that being worth it.  The buffet itself is everything I wanted it to be.  I went to Wicked Spoon earlier in my trip, and wasn't very impressed.  Bacchanal had a much larger selection of items, and IMHO, they were prepared much better.  The BBQ pork was unusually delicious.  The tacos were made to order.  The selection of meats and seafood items was out of this world.  I was so full after several passes that I didn't even make it to the dessert island.  I did, however, see that they make fresh crepes, so hopefully I can control myself better next time I visit.  The service was great.  Our server was very prompt with drink service and attendant to all our our requests.  The patrons and dress code were about what you'd expect at a reasonably upscale Vegas buffet.  I read somewhere that Caesar's spent $17,000,000 to build this thing.  It shows.
5	Newly renovated and featuring over 500 dishes, the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars is a show stopper! With so many offerings and limited stomach space, the variety can be overwhelming. Stay calm, loosen your belt, and enjoy!Make sure you don't skip these:- Warm Crab Legs: Leave behind those icy cold, bland-tasting snow crab legs and hand over an empty plate to one of the friendly guys behind the counter. He'll reach into a steaming pot and serve up a hefty pile of sweet, succulent seafood.- Oysters on the Half Shell: Shucked to order, these beauties don't hang around for long so a bit of patience is in order. Double back to the sauces to grab a fresh lemon wedge (and cocktail sauce, if that's your thing).- Oyster Shooters: Like a bloody mary, minus the vodka and add in a freshly shucked oyster, these tabasco-filled shooters pack a punch!- Ceviche: White fish marinated in plenty of lime juice for a refreshing palate cleanser.- Prime RIb: Beautifully roasted with a range of temperatures available, the rare is indeed a stunning bleeding red hue. Don't miss the savory jus!But you may want to skip:- Tonkotsu Ramen: The broth was grainy, though the chashu and bamboo were great.- "Dim Sum": The sticky rice in lotus leaf was good but the xiao long bao had a tough wrapper and the rest of the offerings were mainly fried (egg rolls, deep fried gyoza...).Time for dessert:- Red Velvet Cake: Moist cake layers sandwiched between fluffy frosting that was almost too sweet.- Taro Panna Cotta: It seriously tastes like a deconstructed halo halo. Pretty bomb!- Tiramisu: I'm a sucker for desserts in shot glasses and this one did not disappoint. Don't miss the chocolate covered espresso bean garnish!- Macarons: Available in a wide variety of colors and flavors, these had a crispy shell that completely shattered with the first bite. Great ganache!DEFINITELY don't miss:- Chocolate Covered Strawberries Dipped in Pop Rocks: That's right. Pop Rocks. At first, it adds a familiar crunch, not unlike dipping a bonbon in crushed nuts. But then the fizz, crackle and pop! So incredibly fun to eat. :)Whether you're up or down in your winnings, this buffet is well worth the splurge!
1	Complete rip off. Paid $110 for 2 to eat a dinner that seemed like it was cooked at Denny's. Do not go here
4	The name of the game here is excess, folks. I mean, it is called the BACCHANAL BUFFET. If you don't hate yourself at the end of the meal, you didn't do the place justice. My motto is "come for lunch; stay for dinner," and that is exactly what my group and I did, for three hours on a friday afternoon. Bacchanal highlights: *My bro and his wife loved the burger sliders. They said it was the best thing they had there.*I really enjoyed the congee. It was freaking amazing!*Macaroons were a-freaking-mazing!*Charcuterie was great. Wonderful selection of meats, cheeses, dried fruits & nuts. They could add some more bread and cracker type things. Bacchanal MISSES: OYSTERS were disappointing. They were sandy & icky. Come on now, Caesar's. CRAB was also disappointing. They had them pre-cut & sliced down the middle, and sitting in big pots of what seems like just plain water. Crab came out really bland-tasting.SERVICE was hit or miss. The lady we had at first was rarely there. When it was time for her shift to end, she came over, opened the check presenter (i ordered wine and paid at the table) to, i assume, see if i included her tip, and when she saw that there was no tip in there, said, "I'm off in ten minutes," and handed it back to me. After I put her tip in there, she disappeared! I had to hail a random person to ask if I could get plates cleared. Tip: Am glad I came for lunch instead of dinner that friday. for an extra 20 bucks, dinner came with crab, buckets of mussels & clams, and not much more that couldn't be missed. Go for lunch and save yourself some $$ for the tables!***oh, and they also had mochi, but i saw the person refilling them & they came out of boxes (mikawaya brand)!
3	I'm not sure what all the hype is about here.  I was very disappointed. If all you want is crab legs and oysters this is your spot. Other than that, there's much to be desired. I highly doubt that there are 500 food items here. I pretty much stuck too the Chinese duck and chicken wings. For a strip buffet I will stick to wicked spoon at cosmopolitan.
4	Probably one of the best buffets I've been to in vegas. I came for the Saturday brunch at around 12:00 and the wait was about an hour and 10 minutes which isn't too bad considering it's usually about 2 hours. The stations here are insane. They have every cuisine you can think of, the only thing missing was Indian.  Everything was authentic and super fresh. The best part though was the  Fresh crepe station!
4	After a devastating day losing money at the MIrage sportsbook (I'm looking at you Colts and Cowboys) we wandered over to Caesar's to see what all the hype was about.  A friend of mine (GSP) kept nagging constantly to try the Bacchanal Buffet and said it was the BEST.  Really? the BEST!  Since she did teach me how to pay craps I decided to give it a try.  The line was short but it was around 9PM on a Sunday night.  I  jumped straight for the wings. fried chicken and potato skins, not realizing how gigantic this place was.  After initially stuffing my face, I took a lap around the place, lots of stations, too numerous to describe, but seafood, chinese food, meat carving stations, pots of stuff with sauce, etc and a giant dessert station.  I tried the Chinese food, very good (sorry Panda Express, another restaurant has bumped you even further down the Chinese food hierarchy).  There was a lot of talk about the macaroons, the fancy colored ones not the coconut ones (like the Manischewitz ones in a can), I was "meh", no big deal. What's up with that?  The mini creme brulees were better.  OVerall, I will try this place again, preferably after a 3 day fast and work my way around the whole.  I admit I enjoyed it more than the Wynn's Buffet, but very close to the Bellagio's.  Next time....
5	Best buffet I've ever experienced. The best variety of food from all over the world in one crack. Try the lobster chowder and the smoked salmon shooter. Those two dishes were so tasty that I had to go back for more. The food quality is also up there. I highly recommend. Pricey but totally worth the experience.
2	It was a disappointment after all that hype. A least I had my friends stand in line! They waited for almost 2 hours for dinner at 8 pm'ish. What's good?Fresh shucked oysters and the oyster shooters;Warm boiled crab legs, much better than cold ones;Pho / Noodle soupFresh made crepeMoochi ice cream Seating and service for party of 6. We shared and tried a tiny bit of the rests. They are no different from your $15-$20 buffet elsewhere, similar story to the Aria buffet we had a week before. What's distinctly bad?Chairs in the 4 seater table (not ours) looks dirty. I can see why, people with dirty / greasy hands grab the cloth armrest...!  Yes you can see some of them getting dark colored!  And the overhead glass shelvings are accumulating dust.Guess have to try Wicked Spoon next. People in my party says its much better. Will see.
4	What I Learned From My Bacchanal Buffet Experience                                                              by Lori R    1)  If you want the SUPER Bacchanal experience you must go after 3pm!  A lot of what I've heard described in reviews was NOT on the buffet that we went to on a Tuesday at lunchtime.    That being said, we also paid half of what others pay at night.  We arrived around 10:45 a.m., so it was around $50 for both of us (before tip).   2)  TIP!  Add gratuity to that bill when you pay it at the register.  They will MARK your receipt as a tipper.  Don't know if that gives you extra credit or what, but they sure make note of it.  And if that's not reason enough, these servers work hard keeping your drinks refilled and whisking away endless empty plates.  They also take salt and pepper shakers very seriously, as I heard a serious conversation that involved keeping track of whose were whose. (you have to ask for it, if you want them, by the way, they aren't on the table).  3) PACE YOURSELF.  They were changing over from breakfast to lunch when we arrived, so they kept putting out new things.  Favorites for me were some Asian items...the eggplant, green beans, fried fish.  Also thought the sliders were excellent quality, onion rings very good.  There was an awesome truffled potato gratin, a tasty tater tot casserole...a very flavorful chicken habanero sausage (although there was nothing habanero hot about it).  From the Italian section, not a lot was calling out to me, but I did have a meatball which was good, although very big...a smaller one would have been even better.    Seafood was disappointing to me, as expectations were high based on the reviews I had read, but those were obviously for dinner.  I asked if it was too early for crab legs, and was told yes, not until after 3.  Steamed shrimp were good though.   4) Dessert selection must be different this early in the day, also.  VERY GOOD though, but sadly, no macaroons!  I tried a passion fruit meringue tart and a chocolate creme brulee.  Both were pretty good.   So, to sum up my personal Bacchanal experience, it was quite good, but being lunch-time buffet eaters,  we have preferred our lunch-time experiences at both  Wynn and Wicked Spoon.
5	I have to say this buffet is literally the best buffet in Vegas! You know it's going to be an epic feast when you have to wait in line for over an hour to eat! And of course the wait is well worth it! So I want to go ahead and talk about how amazing they're taco stand is! They make your taco on request! How cool is that ? And so since I'm a Pho fanatic you know I had to go to the pho station and it blew my mind how good it was Mmmm :) So my next entree was the crab legs, which I normally do not eat but it was honestly mouth watering and now I'm pretty much hooked on crab legs! Haha. And last but def. not the least i stopped by the dessert station, and wow! They have a crepe section where they make it right in front of you! I had a Nutella crepe with strawberries smothered all over it and with a hint of ice cream! Wow my taste buds were going insane! I honestly can not wait til I go back to Vegas so I can enjoy this experience all over again! The service was on point and very friendly. If you have not tried this place, your honestly missing out on the best buffet out there!
3	I was lured here by great reviews and lots of pictures and a girlfriend who was in the mood for buffet. It was what I expected and it was exactly what a buffet is to me. A huge selection of average food. I was hoping for more as the idea of a buffet has always grabbed my imagination but never delivered. I think for the price it was high considering I could eat most places for the price I paid of $50 a head and had less selection but superious quality. So overall it was a buffet.
3	Everything here is good, but not great or memorable. There's not a single dish that I think is spectacular. If its not $55 per person, I might consider 4 stars, but because this place is expensive, my expectation is higher. First of all, there is a large variety of food. There are 500 items, but I'd rather have 250 really good food than 500 items that are ok.Secondly, the tables are arranged very close to each other, which reminds me of eating at a food court. Finally, the biggest turn off is the photographers at the restaurant. I had my pictures taken at the line and the restaurant wanted to sell 2 pics to me for $35. You got to be kidding me. I would respect it more if the restaurant just give it to us as a keepsake (like what the House of Prime Rib (SF) does).Overall, it's a one time visit and will likely not go back.
4	Buffet had a large variety, a little bit of everything for everyone. Most of the food was very tasty and flavorful. I Loved the Mac and Cheese! My only regret is not going earlier. We arrived around 8:30pm and after the hour wait, it left us with very little time to pig out. I think its worth the money though, we were allowed to stay and eat till 10:30pm. Even though it was later there was plenty of everything and it was packed with guests! Desserts were good and service was helpful and attentive. I would go back again in the future, with more time of course:)
4	The best buffet on the strip. Great selection, only problem is the wait. can't really blame them for that.
4	In the words of my boyfriend, "This is the best Vegas buffet I've ever been to"Pros-HUGE, there's so much selection so there's something for everyone (Seafood, meat, mexican, pizza, pasta, asian, etc.)-Staff was very attentive-Everything we sampled was good and "authentic" enough-Seafood fresh-Nice dessert section (tons of ice cream and mochi, cookies, cupcakes, macaroons, pies, etc.)Cons-Long lines (we came at 8p and walked right in so we lucked out but we've heard there can be crazy lines)-It's expensive (~$115 for two for dinner from what I remember).
4	I have been here i think 3 separate times, and since my first visit, I would always visit this place once when i come back to vegas.The presentation of the food is probably just as good as the food itself. Haven't been to alot of the newer buffets around vegas but this place is something new from what you see at Rio, Planet Hollywood, and older hotels. See pictures for reference.The food quality is pretty much what you expect for what you pay. They have a large variety to choose from, an example would be fries, onion rings, sweet potato fries, potato tots, sweet potato tots. So when you come here you can probably expect to see something you never seen at other buffets.The environment seems to be more relaxed. I feel like i'm eating at home more than outside at a restaurant. The furniture they use has something to do with it, but also the decorations they decide to use is much more home like.I gave this 4 stars because it is on the more expensive side. I would rather spend less for lesser quality food/variety. However I think this is someplace that everyone should come to at least once. That is just me however
5	The best buffet I've ever been to! The options are endless and even though we went right at noon there was not a long wait at all! The best was definitely the dessert buffet! Will definitely be coming back!
4	"Too much of a good thing can be wonderful!" - Mae WestLoosen the belt buckle or better yet break out the sweatpants. Avoid eating any large meals all day, stick to a banana and arrive at the The Bacchannal ready to eat! The line to dinner can be pretty long we waited over half an hour to pay and then another 10-15 minutes to be seated. They took our picture before being seated, I think to compare how bloated and defeated we where at the end. The Bacchannal is really an orgy of tastes and flavors with over 500 dishes. They rotate so many different things that if you went two nights in a row they would mix it up. They have 6 different stations of food. The seafood section is amazing very fresh and amazing crab legs, lobster and corn chowder, a mini clambake basket, a mini crayfish boil basket. For warm crab legs go to the Italian section. The Chinese section is also a must. The dim sum was so good but seemed to lack the individual attention like most dim sum locations. The last location that is a must is the dessert station. Save room! So many choices, fresh crepes with so many different choices to add to it. Tiramisu shooters, small cheesecakes and carrot cakes. Chocolate dipped strawberry! The price for dinner during the week is 50 dollars. Slightly pricey (and what ultimately makes me deduct a star). During the weekend they jack up the price (which is standard in Vegas). Also tip your attendant, they are bringing you drinks and taking plates away for you. Enjoy rolling out of the Bacchannal!
4	Bacchanal is better than Wicked SpoonI came here twice within a 48 hour period, not because its the best tasting food in vegas, but because its the best buffet in Vegas!When it comes to buffet i typically hate them blah blah blah, so for me to come here twice its says something about buffets. I came here during two different times, once during the transition time (2PM) and the second time was during dinner. The transition time is best value time because they are transitioning from lunch to dinner, but you pay the lunch price. Lunch is $35 while dinner is $50. I was hoping that the dinner menu was going to be completely different, but it wasn't. Im not going to list everything i tasted there, but i will say that they offer a vast selections of cuisines from east to west parts of the globe. I was surprise that their dim sum was enjoyable (not the best) but great to there. The desserts were also a treat! The apple cobbler and expresso gelato being my favorite. This has been my best buffet experience yet. If you pay $35 during the transition hours - its the best value in vegas. If you go during dinner, $50 will get you the best buffet.
5	BEST VEGAS BUFFET!!Loved it more than Wicked Spoon! Be warned that the line gets long, though. We came at 1PM and ended up paying more to just skip the line and cut to the front.All the food was delicious......... there was too many things that I loved at the buffet for me to list. ** EVERYTHING ** was good!! Our waitress was SUPER funny and great to us. We refilled our mimosas countless times but she was always really nice and really friendly! (Free bottomless mimosas on Saturdays!)They have a huugee selection of food. I wasn't able to try all of it because I got too full, but all my friends had raving reviews about the place.Bacchanal is a CANNOT miss when you go to Las Vegas!
3	Came here for lunch and magically, there was no line!At lunch the pricing was around $36/person which is pretty standard for buffetts in Vegas. More recently, I've been to a brunch buffet at Navio (out in Half Moon Bay, CA) which to me was the gold standard of buffets. Bacchanal offers a plethora of food stations (9 total) with Italian, Chinese, salad, cheeses, meats, dessert, american, Latin american, and of course a seafood area. Having tried nearly all the stations here was my verdict:American: Decent cuts of meat, great sweet potato fries, onion rings, and sliders.Italian: Pasta I opted not to try, though the pizza options were plentiful, the pizza itself wasn't as great as I'd hoped.Chinese section: Disgusting hot & sour soup. I didn't really enjoy this section.Meat & cheese: Great selection of cheeses if you enjoy cheese. Seafood: No lobster claws at lunch. The mussels however, were delicious as was the ceviche and oysters. My favorite section, hands down.Mexican: The taco stand is serviceable with your pollo, carne, and pork selections. The horchata here is DELICIOUS and I highly recommend getting it. Dessert: Great dessert section as with all buffets, however I think Wicked Spoon's dessert section is better. Service: Great service with attentive staff. Overall: Meh. I've had better and this doesn't really compare to Navio. In comparison to Wicked Spoon, they are about the same, it really depends on what you want. I feel Bacchanal has more variety but not the same quality. I prefer Wicked Spoon.
5	No words needed.THE Best.
5	One of the best breakfast buffet I have tried. If you want seafood like shrimp cocktail or green mussel for breakfast then this place is a must try.Hand them your rewards card for discount on the buffet when paying.
5	One of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas! So many options, so delicious, creative and unique, and great decor. Long wait, but it's expected. Yummy crepe station! Both warm and cold crab legs! Choices go on and on! Great tasting food/desserts!
4	Came here at around noon time on Saturday for Brunch-Lunch Buffet. The line was long but moving.. so it was not too bad. Bacchanal has A LOT of selections.Asian food: sushi, dimsum, pho, ramen, udon, fried rice, chowfun, porridge with century eggs on the side, bbq pork ( must try.. delish!!!) and other Chinese dishes...Italian food: pizza, pasta, etc.Mexican food: yes they make tacos in front of you. And they are so good. You can choose from beef, chicken or pork..Seafood: snow crab legs!!!! muscles, oysters, shrimps...They also have burgers, fries, sausages, roast beef, etc. and more food. Everything is pretty much already placed in small portions (cute lil plates or cups)Desserts: heavenly with cakes, crepes, gelato.. notes: the chocolate cakes are yummmmm!!!!!!Lots of food to list out all here.. u gotta go check them out for yourself!
4	Awesome, you have got to try this place at least once in your lifetime, it was that good!
5	Hands down.Best buffet in Vegas of 2013 for me.Better than Cosmo's Wicked Spoon, Bellagio and Wynn, which has been a favorites of mine for a few years.Because it's a buffet, I stuffed myself, and I honestly cannot remember everything I ate that night so I will leave you with this...My favorite stand out was the fresh raw oysters. And, as an Asian person, I'm usually disappointed (and annoyed) that these Vegas buffets always get the Asian food wrong. Here, the Chinese food is legit! They even have Japanese ramen. Crazy, right? (They still can't get sushi right.)It's a must go!
3	I wish the buffet was better for the amount of money I paid for it.Sadly it was not.  So disappointed since I expected seafood for that price and I got none.
1	well im sorry I can not agree with most ppl......this place was a priority for us as we read all the reviews ..well what a waste of money,we paid $39 for lunch.all the food looked great  but that's as far as it goes , the seafood was tasteless and defrosted and watery such a disappointment , so I headed to the sausages and ribs , they looked delicious , well the ribs tadted of some sort of fuel its the first time I have ever had to remove food from my mouth, I tried the sausage and it was bland, so next buffalo wings that were a taste I couldn't stomach either so left all that and tried the chinese was a bit better but the main complaint was all the food was just warm........such a huge disappointment .so we no longer read reviews too many false ones .....so we took it upon ourselves and tried the Aria brunch, what a pleasant surprise food was lovely , service great and a nice variety, Also the service in  Bacchanal Buffet   was not good or a happy place either also I noticed as we were walking in a lot of wasted food on plates so that tells you something, but if you do try it im sure you will agree its terrible , maybe we are used to lovely fresh seafood in Australia and our quality of meat must be better because if this is  one of the best buffets in vagas, then most of the ppl who reviewed this and said it was good must be used to poor quality food , tasteless and obviously do not know quality eating ,id  then id hate to see the worst buffet if this is a good 1 .
4	So worth the wait. We went during brunch time so we paid brunch price and managed to stay until they switched out to dinner food. The wait was about 40-45 minutes.I started off with a game plan: I wanted to try out each section. First, I went to try the pho and ramen section because I heard from friends that it was out of this world. While there, I took some pho, dumplings, and sushi. I wasn't impressed. And right there, my first impression of Bacchanal wasn't as expected. My first bites all had nuts, which I was not aware of. So I instantly spat them out. The pho even tasted nutty to me. The buffet staff should list allergies on the foods' placards for those who have allergies like me. So I thought that because I think I could find pho and dumplings anywhere else, I decided to explore the rest of the buffet.My spirits went back up after I fell in love with THE LAMBCHOPS. I cannot begin to explain how amazing, beautiful, and flavorful each lamb chop is. The seasoning was just on point. The snow crab (with butter) was heavenly as well. Yummy mimosas too! Note that the mimosas are unlimited only during brunch time. One waiter was kind enough to refill even when they stopped brunch and began to move on to dinner. But the goodness didn't stop there. I cannot begin to explain my love for Bacchanal's dessert area. Love love LOVE their macarons. I also got a crepe which was just okay. They have Aguas Frescas too. Grabbed myself two hibiscus drinks because it was just too good. Not too sweet, not too bitter. Just perfect. Bacchanal has tons to offer. From Asian, Mexican, Mediterranean to American food... Bacchanal is where its at. Great, attentive waiters were always available to get your order for a drink or to take away your dishes. Although I think I came to Bacchanal way too hyped, I can finally conclude that it truly is, hands down, the BEST buffet in Vegas.
5	At first there were the loooong lines for dinner and then the $50 price of admission.  I must admit I was skeptical on how good a buffet could be.  That all changed once we were walked to our table and give a quick tour of the stations by our hostest.  My eyes lit up like I was in buffet heaven.  Once I started to visit each station and loaded up on some food I was impressed on the selections of each station.  Peking duck and Chinese roast pork at the Chinese station, 6+ different type rolls at the sushi station, chilled snow crab legs on the seafood station and hot just boiled snow crab legs on another station!, a station just for cold cuts and sliced meats, a carver station, Mexican station, and a huge island station for sweets/desserts!   This place is buffet heaven and for $50 this is worth every penny!I will be back one day Bacchanal Buffet.
5	Without a doubt, the Bacchanal Buffet is one of the top buffets in town.  They are located at the middle of the Strip inside Caesar Palace.  The only nuisance thing about them was probably just the wait to get inside, even worse than many popular buffets in town.  There were literally two lines, one to get to the cashier, then another one to be seated.  One can skip the wait by being a high tier gambler with Total Rewards.The cold dishes started near the entrance and ended with Asian dishes at the end.  I do not recall having a bad dish here.   The steamed snow crab is better than the cold one.  Most of the seafood served here were on the fresh side.  Sushi and Chinese foods were ok.  They have a noodle station with pho and ramen, and both of them were just ok.  The curved meats were quite delicious.  Desserts were always the best part of a buffet, as it helped push your stomach beyond the limits with attractive looking sweets placed in tiny shot glasses.Price is about the same as any other seafood buffets on the Strip.  For buffet, it was probably as good as it gets in Vegas.  They definitely deserve a revisit in the future.
5	I used to think Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan was the best buffet in Vegas until I came here. I came here for dinner on a Saturday night with a few friends and the line was so long that the wait was at 2 hours. Instead we opted to pay the express fee of $15 on top of the $50+ price tag for this buffet and we were seated immediately. The dining area is humongous and I believe seats well over 700. The decor is very upscale. I really felt we were dining in one of the fanciest places in town.I thought Wicked Spoon had a giant selection, but this place has a lot more. Its broken up into sections depending on the type of cuisine. There's seafood, chinese, japanese, mexican, american, salad, dessert. I was able to get a plate from every section and sample almost all the food, but was limited by my stomach capacity unfortunately. The quality/taste of the food was a lot better than the average buffet but of course not as exceptional as a sit down and order type restaurant. In my opinion the must try's are definitely the macarons, made to order ramen noodle soup, prime rib, salmon, HORCHATA, the sushi rolls....actually just try everything. The presentation of the food also was impressive. There's only so much I can describe with words though so I must say go and try for yourself and be amazed!
3	I really don't understand the hype.  Maybe I came here on a bad day?  The dinner buffet was rather blah, I had the crab legs (hot and cold) and thought it was decent.  I tried some of the other items ... sliders, hot dog, risotto ... can't even remember them since it was so blah.  Mac n cheese was good but since when can you ever screw that up?I will give them an extra star for the desserts, love the ice cream.Overall, not a fan of the whole set up and how it's broken up into "sections".  Keep it simple Caesars!
5	The BEST Buffet in Las Vegas...BAR NONE!The first time I was in Vegas, it was exactly about a year ago, Wifey decided to purchase the 24 hour All You Can Eat option, which included Bacchanal and several other places. Never again will we do that. Of course after eating here first, the rest of the buffet places were nothing compared to Bacchanal. The first time we where here, the line was so long I almost wanted to quit and go to another place. I was starvin' like Marvin. I'm so glad we stuck it out even though it was over an hour before we eventually made it inside. It was totally worth the wait.I remember tasting the boiled King Crab Legs dipped in melted butter and I was blown away. Cold King Crab Legs is good, but boiled King Crab Legs is another level of flavor. The sweetness of the meat really comes out and the melted butter just gets absorbed into each nook and cranny when it's boiled. It also makes it easier to go down so you can pig out like a Sumo wrestler. I also had a taste of the Lamb Chops, and it was one of the best I've ever had. However, when we went last year, they only had a few Lamb Chops left as it was close to closing time. I also had one too many plates and felt like I was going to burst. So on our subsequent visits, we learned our lesson and strategized on how to attack this place. We picked what we liked and didn't eat too much carbs and fried food; the type of food that would quickly fill you up. So less is more, in theory. However, it's easier said than done. Actually applying it is so difficult with so many good options they offer. It's a cornucopia of everything that we should have in moderation. But that's not how a buffet works. The last time we were here, which was last week, I made sure to get the Lamb Chops first and I got that out of the way. (I got eight) We got a few more of our favorites to share and definitely a lot of seafood. We didn't leave too stuffed, but got more than enough to please our inner pigs inside us. You will definitely need to hit the gym or go for a long walk after eating here.
1	Got a comp because everyone in our party got food poisoning, came back to redeem it and the dark lady at the counter wouldn't redeem it nor call the manager. Wouldn't let my dog eat here. Don't take chances, you'll get sick and they'll treatyou like crap.
3	Be prepared to wait in a super long, tourist packed line.. Unless you want to jump in the express line and fork out an extra $15! We went around dinner time and waited a little over an hour in line. Not too bad when you're with good company but my stomach was growling like a beast by the time we got seated. The buffet was hidden so if you do not know where it is, be sure to ask someone. They don't even have marquees with directions anywhere! Bacchanal is also on the pricey side but you are definitely getting your money's worth. Most buffets in town don't have fresh oysters which is why I love this one! There were pretty lengthy lines once we got inside as well. I think I waited about 10 minutes to get to the carved meats. Not a big deal because I already knew the wait was going to be long.  The service is what bugged me the most. I understand that they're busy but that does not mean they get a free pass for service. Our server was not very attentive at all.  He never once came to ask us for refills on our drinks or to see how we were doing.  We had to constantly call him over to get drinks, which he did not even get right on 2 separate occasions.  Also, every time he brought us new drinks, he just left the old glasses there.  By the end of our meal, we had a table full of 14 cups, yes I counted. For such a small table, that does not leave very much room for our plates. It was super annoying.  We also witnessed him yelling at the busser for some unknown reason a few times.  It was very unprofessional and made us uncomfortable.  I think we were just unlucky with our server.  Other than the service, I think Bacchanal is pretty decent.  I probably wont be coming back though just because the wait is so long.
5	I've tried Wicked Spoon, The Buffet at Aria, and now Bacchanal Buffet, and I gotta say that Bacchanal is by far the best.  There are a ton of different cuisines to choose from - Chinese (dim sum, lo mein, fried rice, chicken and broccoli), Japanese (sushi, miso soup, ramen), American (mashed potatoes, assorted meats, truffled mac&cheese), Mexican (tacos, nachos), seafood (shrimp, king crab legs), all sorts of salads, juices, pizzas, and desserts.  I was in a group of about 10-20 people, and the service was still pretty good.  By the time we were done, we wanted to explode from all the food we had just eaten.  Luckily since we were at Caesar's, it meant we can walk around and shop afterwards to walk off all the calories we had just consumed :)  It's OK though because it was definitely worth it.
3	Bacchanal Buffet is located at Ceasars Palace.I'm a victim of expecting a grand feast from this mega buffet, only to have my expectations shattered like a huge mirror hitting a concrete floor. Fellow Yelpers raved about it. Family and friends that had gone, had also raved about it. So naturally I bookmarked it and anxiously awaited my time to feast like a king at the "buffet of all buffets."Upon arriving at the entrance to the buffet it was already clear that we came during the dinner rush. The line was insanely long.  Fast forward 1.5 hours later and we were finally seated inside....oh yes, it took us 1.5 hours of waiting & $50+ per person to get in. The place is freaking huge. Food on food on food & tables on tables on tables. The decor was pretty and oozed of opulence for a buffet. We were seated relatively close to the dessert station. The entire meal was a blur, there was a lot to choose from (meats, pastas, ethnic foods, desserts, sides, salads, soups, etc) and yet nothing specific comes to mind about what was the best at that buffet. However, I did enjoy the crab legs and the choice of either cold crab legs or boiled crab legs; which were boiled fresh upon each order. The only thing I didn't like about Bacchanal was the buffet set up. The majority of the food stations and the dessert station were located in the same room; but the crab legs and the majority of the Asian dishes and pasta dishes were located in a separate room. I suppose this is my buffet pet peeve and the worst offender is the buffet at Mandalay Bay, where the majority of each food station is sectioned off in its own space@!&$# LOL I digress. I'm pretty sure the long wait left a bad taste in my mouth making my expectation of the Bacchanal that much more important. Would I come back to Bacchanal? Yes, to give it another shot, BUT will need to time my next visit so it doesn't coincide during the rush -_-
5	By far the best buffet I've been to in Vegas.  Pricey, but well worth it. Had gluten-free desserts as well, including ice cream filled mochi (my girls' favorite Japanese dessert)!Sushi was high quality, and I like the fact that many of the dishes are pre-plated so you're not dishing out food from the community troughs!Highly recommend!
5	One of the better buffets available to blob out at. $50 per person. I can't really eat $50 worth of food in one sitting but I gave it a shot anyways. I didn't stop eating when I was full, I stopped eating until I HATED MYSELF.  There's a huge menu to choose from so there's something for all. I'd recommend off setting your show up time when it's not peak feeding time for all the cows grazing. We showed up at 11ish and we were sat by the entry way. I got a view of the extending line throughout my meal. It has one of those wrap around amusement park lines that just kept getting longer through lunch time. I was looking for a sign that said "1.5 hours from this point forward."  There was a previous post that stated that person waiting that long to eat dinner. I don't think I would have made it. Our wait time for the line was 13 mins. Good food. There's steam crab available, you have to look for it because it's not co-located with the cold crab legs.
1	This buffet sucked! You'd be better off going to Hometown Buffet. The Rio and Mirage buffets are still far better than this dive. The design and atmosphere is simplistic and strange.  They could have made this place much more Romanequese. It may have been named after a Roman God but the food and atmosphere wasn't even good enough for mere mortals like us.
3	Waited for 30 mins before discovering that you can pay extra $15 and get in express line.  When I told person at the counter she did not even offer to expedite our entry.  We kept having to wait behind the VIP's.  Really amazing that after waiting in initial line we had to wait an ADDITIONAL 30 mins before we were seated.  I was really surprised that no one made mention of this until the other day stating it took 90mins to get seated.  Really irksome was that we called ahead and were told it would be around an hour wait, but when we talked to the manager he said it was really taking more like 2.5 hours.  **What you really need to know is that a server told me that on Thanksgiving the wait is 4-6hours, and the price is $75.  What?!?  Who is waiting that long?**
3	Damn! Hate to do this to one of my favorite buffet joint. Line was super long, not that it bothered us. It's Las Vegas and we don't mind the wait but wow that special feeling is gone. Bacchanal now feels like your everyday buffet joint and for the price they're charging us, it's becoming an over-rated buffet joint. Aside from their seafood, most of the other menu items are so-so. Their snow crabs were soo dry and it's unfortunate as I'm a seafood lover. Will I go back next time I'm in sin city? Probably, but I may hit up Rio first or visit the old M-resort for a quick change.
5	The food I had here was the best food I have ever had in life. They had several different types of cuisine to fit every diet. The beef was so succulent, the sushi was so fresh and crisp and the dessert bar was to die for. Every single thing was delightful and the presentation of the food was just as great as the taste. The only cons were the long lines and it was a bit pricey but it was beyond worth it.
5	I have tried The Buffet in Wynn, and the buffet in Mandalay Bay, both of them are good. But the buffet in Caesars is definitely the best! But the price is a little higher than others. $45.39 per person, tax included.
3	For the money ($40+/ person), no oyster and terrible tasting mimosa? Not worth it.Last time, $20+ with oyster and without mimosa? Totally worth it.Pretty decent prime rib but if you like the thicker cut, you have to ask for it. Otherwise, you may end up with an English cut sliver!
3	I went here this morning (early bird special of $42 before 11am) because last night for Thanksgiving, there was a 5-6 hour wait!!Maybe dinner is better but I thought it was just good... not exceptional.There wasn't as much variety as I hoped. The fried chicken was dry, the lox was extremely salty, and the food wasn't hot.The dessert is much better than the food. I loved my vanilla bean pudding and my fresh crepe where you put your own toppings on!
4	Thanksgiving weekend = three hour wait & $50 per person all day (i think usually its $40 per person for lunch)& it was actually worth it! Everything especially the seafood was super fresh! There were mexican, american, italian, asian, salad, and dessert sections. Lots of meat- steak, ribs, sausages, chicken. fries, mashed potatoes, burgers, anything you can think of thats americanServed the crab both hot and cold, shrimp, ceviche.tuna and salmon sashimi, mostly tuna sushi.Lots of different kinds of chinese foodoysters came out after three so thank goodness we stayed for a good three hourslots of variety for dessert, lots of ice cream flavors, cakes etc.theres also on chocolate covered strawberries for dinnerservice was great, everyone was super friendly and attentive.the only thing was that I kept comparing everything to Wicked Spoon, Bacchanal has better quality seafood and more variety of meat but Wicked spoon has more small unique dishes and a better dessert section. Overall they're both about the same to me, just this place usually has a longer wait.Would def. come back for more!
5	This is one of the most impressive buffets I've ever had- the only other comparable one is in asia.. It is a lot for a buffet, sure, but you're paying for creativity, presentation, variety of food as well as excellent service. They do an amazing job surveying different cuisines; while other buffets may dabble into other cultures, Bacchanal really immerses itself in excellent presentation and quality in their Chinese, Japanese, Mexican, Italian etc dishes. There is an impressively authentic array of Asian cuisine with dim sum, stir fried dishes, porridge!, and ramen. They also a great seafood, meat, and cheese selection. Every time I looked over at the bf he was eating a different type of meat and looked quite happy.  I loved the sweet potato tots, seafood paella, creamy polenta, pork buns, and fresh juices. I'd come again purely to eat dessert. Everything was beautiful, delicate, and delicious. Compared to Wicked Spoon, Bacchanal has much more seafood, does a much better job exploring different cuisines, and has a somewhat more impressive dessert selection.
5	from the staff i heard, to avoid the horrendous wait, you need to arrive between 9:30 - 10:00 for the lunch buffet... at 11:00 am. Meaning after a long night at Marquee or Crazy Horse 3, you need to bust your ass over to caesers to avoid waiting 2 hours in line... and wait 1.5hours in the line.Needless to say, we arrived at 11:30 for a projected 3 hour wait, paid the express line feed of $20 / head and we were on our merry way. I figure, 2-3 hours is really $6-$10 and hour, and come on, i think if you're ready to shell out $40 for a buffet, you're likely not making just minimum wage, and your time is probably worth more than that. It should be noted that by the time we left, the line for the express lane was a good 40min - 1hr wait. food is exceptional as always. We went there for thanksgiving lunch and had the usually carved turkey, stuffing, mashed potatoes along with prime rib, seafood, noodles and everything else. I tried almost everything and decided that seafood and carvery are must haves. the asian food is definitely for the china people, who usually eat chinese food for breakfast / lunch / dinner, and it was pretty mediocre. The deserts were amazing, love the crepes. overall we spent close to $70 bucks a person for this and i could honestly say, it was probably worth it. we were stuffed to the gills with amazing food and it was an overall good times.Highly recommended if you have the time, if you can't decide what to eat, or if you love the lines.
4	Very good fare. Exceptional selection with fantastic variety. Be ready for a long wait. You may want to consider paying extra for the express line (extra $20)
2	Not worth it!  For $60 per person, and paid extra $20 for the express line.  Even without the $20 up fee, it's still not worth it.  Mind you, there is a 2 hr time limit to dine.  That starts the minute you pay, and then there is an additional 15-30 min wait to actually get seated, and to get seafood or prime ribs, that another 30 mins wait.  The food is really just any other buffet quality,  the sushi bar is an embarrassment.  There is a bit of everything, like Pho (value, $6) and Ramen ($8) But this still does not justify the overprice and time wasted.  You want to come to Vegas feeling like you won something... This place def makes you feel like you've been swept at the poker table.  Better off to make reservations at Mastros for a real Bone in rib eye and lobster mash potatoes, you will feel much better.
5	We came here the day after thanksgiving for lunch. Super long line! After waiting for an hour and knowing it would be another hour wait (plus we had a show to go to) we decided to pay the extra $20 bucks per person and just get inside!Oh wow, so much amazing food! I had mainly thanksgiving food since on Thanksgiving day we ate at an Italian place in Ceasars, which was very good actually. Let's see there was turkey, sausage, prime rib, candied yams, glazed carrots,  green beans, mashed potatoes, and more! It was all delicious. My boyfriend also had some of the thanksgiving fare as well as some sliders, pizza and he really enjoyed the brisket.I was most excited about the freshly steamed crab legs! Yep...I will admit I had two plates. They were delicious! You bring them a clean plate and they will hand you back your plate full of piping hot crab legs! They had little cups of melted butter just off to the side. I also grabbed some lemon wedges and squeezed the lemon on the crab meat before dipping into the butter. Omg heaven!For desserts I believe I tried their tiramisu, creme brulle, and a chocolate mousse. My boyfriend had a raspberry dessert, a piece of tropical cake and I believe something chocolate...he always gets something chocolate. Lol Everything was wonderful.This will become a buffet we visit every time we're in Vegas!
4	We decided we wanted to celebrate our 8th anniversary and the well-known and most expensive buffet in Vegas. That is just how we roll!We came in the Monday before Thanksgiving to beat the crowd. My theory is to stay away from expensive and usually well-known places on holidays because the quality might not be as good as it would on another weekend. So, it was the perfect time for us to try this place for the first time.Pros:oyster (I ate 3 dozens by myself!)prime rib (nicely seasoned...still thinking about it. Must eat it hot or warm)lamb chops (must eat warm or else it will taste gamey and chewy)sausage (not sure what it was made of, but it was sweet, moist and delicious)kabasa (sp?) (always yummy fatty sausage)warm crab legs (in the Italian area...sweet and yummy goodness)lobster chowder (just enough amount of creaminess)oyster shooters (I just ate the oyster in the shot to avoid taking up precious space in my tummy)horchata and all other frescas (DELICIOUS!)dessert ( try everything!)Cons:Brisket (you can either get a fat on one end and lean meat on the other hand..it needs to be marbled. Therefore, it made it taste dry.)skirt steak (well-done..I am a med-rare kinda gal)Peach green tea (it was bland and not as sweet as I would like it)I took a tour of the place: IIn the Asian area  few pieces of bbq pork and some eggplants. BBQ pork was pretty good but the eggplants were greasy. They were serving up pho, ramen, noodle soup, too. I didn't try any of it.In the Mexican area, I had an order of carne asada..that was pretty good meat if you're in to a little fat and tendon going on.Italian food looks like a bunch of pasta or bread...don't waste your stomach on that when you are at the buffet.Salad area was small for a reason...and a good reason, too. =)So was it worth $50? I told my friends that it is worth if you plan to hang out for 3 hours or more. If you have to be some where at a certain time, your standing in line to pay to get in or food will eat up all of your time. We were there for 4 hours and my husband had to drag me out ( plus it was already 10pm) so take your time and enjoy the food and the company.We would definitely come back again!
2	Extremely over rated. Avg buffet and way over priced. Waited in line for over 1 hour. Not worth the wait or the price.
3	i went to bacchanal for the 2nd time this past weekend for the thanksgiving holiday dinner buffet. it was a much different experience than my previous one. the first experience was worth 4 stars (note i had the brunch buffet then). the food was good, service was good, items were fresh, good selection. but nothing i had was exceptional. the only thing i would note is that they had a good selection fo juices in cute little bottles (something other buffets in vegas do not do).however, this past weekend was really disappointing. the experience shed a lot of light on the fact that money buys everything! i don't like the idea that they have an express line where you pay 20$ on top of your meal cost. makes the wait even more horrific. when i got to the buffet around 3:30pm i was quoted a 1.5 hr wait. okay, i was expecting that. but really the wait turned into 2.5 hrs because around 4:30pm they started getting more people in the express line and letting all of those people in first. i didn't enjoy having to double my wait time just because they want to make a quick buck. i was already paying 65$ (not including tip) for the buffet as it is. no other buffet in vegas does this (not that im aware of). HORRIFC! i can't imagine what the wait would have been had i came any later than 3:30pm! lets talk about the food: nothing was exceptional! everything was decent, nothing special because you can get the same quality and presentation at wicked spoon. actually, i think wicked spoon has better presentation.meat: the selection of meat was good, but it was at the expense of quality. the ribs were dry with some weird flavored bbq sauce. prime rib was decent. the lamb chop was probably my favorite of the meats they offered. seafood: i was not impressed by their oysters. each one i bit into still had dirt/oyster shells cracklings on their meat. i bit into so many bits of oyster shells. king crab legs were good, but again, nothing exceptional since you can get those at any of the other high end buffets in vegas.deserts: only cool thing about their dessert is that they had a good selection of mochi ice cream. but seriously, WTF is up with their carrot cake though? superrr dry!no thanks bacchanal, i won't be coming back.
4	After all the rave reviews, we decided to try Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace.  For dinner, we figured that there would be a long line, so we went to line up at 4:30 on a monday evening.  The wait was not so bad because we were in line for less than 45 minutes compared to the two hour wait that we heard from other people.  FYI, you would have to pay extra for the 24 buffet of buffet in order to use it at Bacchanal.  Some people thought they could use the $49.99 deal at this buffet.  There is way too much food for people to try on their first visit and it is $49.99 a person or $44.99 a person if you have the Total Rewards card.  The seafood bar is overwhelming with cocktail shrimps, oysters, mussels, etc.  Then, there a little plates of hamburger sliders, mini-hotdog on a bun, onion rings in a mini-deep fryer basket.  The presentation is extremely amazing.  They even put the caesar salad in a tiny jar, so you won't waste a lot of food. We were disappointed that they discontinued the chinese ginseng with chicken. The chef behind the counter said the head chef indicated that it was too much work to make that dish, so they stopped making it.  The dessert bar is overwhelming with so much to choose.  They have mochi ice cream in different flavors.  For crepes, they just make the plain crepe and you add your own topping (I would think that they should make you a complete crepe if you're paying over $40 for a meal).  Watch you time wisely, at the bottom of the receipt that they prefer that you eat for only two hours.
3	Three stars is mostly because there was nothing "wrong" with the buffet, per se.  I don't have a lot of experience at Vegas buffets, but I was told the price had been bumped up the weekend we were there ($61 per person, ouch).  I have been to the buffet at the Rio hotel, which felt larger and I thought had better quality food.I did enjoy the food here, though the selection did seem more limited.  There was a decent variety of types of food, but in each individual type there didn't seem to be an expansive number of options.  Also the food was really hit or meh, no big misses come to mind but a lot of stuff that didn't seem up to snuff for the price we paid.By the way, do you like seafood?  You do?  Good, because after waiting 90 minutes to get inside and seated, there was another 20 minute wait to get through the seafood station.  I understand people like their All-You-Can-Eat crab legs, but that borders on ridiculous.This is one of my shorter reviews because I really have little to say about it.  It was decent, but I won't be coming back.
5	Waited 15 minutes in express line that cost extra $20per adult for thanksgiving brunch, price of brunch $59? on that day, but I liked not having to wait long this time, kids half price. For two adults, four kids, cost $280 plus tip, express. The buffet was amazing, fresh, and far better than the past now that I did not have to wait as long as the dinner and later crowds.  We stayed three hours and tipped extra, but really no one rushed us. Service amazing even though buffet.  The week prior I ate at wicked spoon and it had gone downhill in quality, so for thanks giving this was the only buffet I was willing eat at with the low wait.  Would I wait two hours for this buffet? no. It is not worth two hours, but when you see no line and come at the start of opening, it is the best buffet food, selection, freshness in town.
5	Best buffet in Vegas!This is just gonna be a short review since around 1500 ppl have reviewed this place already. Definitely a MUST when you're in vegas!TIPS:The wait could be very hideous; HOWEVER, if you happen to have some good luck and win some gambling moneyyy, LOL there's a express lane for 20$/person! you can SKIP and lined up in front of everyone!I used express lane this time; so instead of waiting in like for 2.5 hrs, i waited 20minutes. :DAWESOME!There're SO many choice! and PLUS, they all tasted REALLY authentic and delicious! i hated when I go to some buffets, though they have variety of choices, but they cannot make ONE DISH right. that's not gonna happen in Bacchanal! :) they have american, italian, middle eastern, japanese and chinese food.Waiters are also very friendly and attentive; even though it's very busy but they will still try to get to you as soon as they can.
5	FORGET EVERYTHING YOU KNOW ABOUT A TYPICAL BUFFET EXPERIENCE.Like other reviews, If you're looking to save money do the following: Get in line around 2PM, hopefully you'll pay before 3PM. Why? 3PM is when the dinner entrees come out. Go before 3PM, pay the lunch price and eat all the glorious dinner offerings.Me and my gf went on a Monday before Thanksgiving and only waited in line for about 20 mins and the line moved quickly. We actually got seated around 2.20PM. This place is beautiful, and not just for a buffet. If I didn't know any better, I would have thought we walked into an upscale restaurant at Caesars or the Venetian. The light accent lighting is gorgeous and is just minimally decorated but enough to make you feel like you're eating in luxury.The service was also very top notch. Our drinks were refilled frequently and dishes were taken up fast as well. When we went, I personally had: Sushi (selection was actually slim.. just your typical rolls like philly, salmon, California, etc. and there was no sashimi), duck, sauteed crabs, cha siu (chinese style roast pork), Ramen, selection of fine cheeses, assorted deli meats, Mussels, oysters, crab legs (steamed and cold), crawfish, flank steak,  lamb chops, risotto, Dim Sum, Smoked Salmon, P/D cold shrimp, and some fresh fruit drinks: peach mango, horchata, iced teas, etc. All the food was delicious, cooked perfectly and was served at the correct temperature.The only things I didn't really enjoy were the crawfish, mussels (my gf loved them), crab soup shooters and the crab legs, unfortunately. The crab was a hit or miss both when it was cold and steamed.They also had Pho, Udon Noodles, Pasta, Mediterranean food, Pizza, American food (wings, sliders, fries, tots, etc), create your own taco station. The only things they didn't have that I was expecting: lobster, rib eye steak, grilling station, and Kobe beef. P.S.- they ask you only stay for about 2 hours but we we're there for almost 3... You gotta try this place!!!
1	I think this is not a new buffet in town!! I just went there on Thanksgiving day, which is not the first Thanksgiving day. OMG I have to wait for 5 hours to be seated. Unprofessional management, there are a lot of table empty but no one clean it, so there are only 70% can provide to customers. 30% left unattended. They charge for $10.- extra for Thanksgiving but no sign posted. There have only 2 staffs working for almost 500 customers. Those 2 staffs served only their "DIAMOND" guest. The rest, just keep waiting, they don't care!!! When I complain to one of their staff, she complain to manager, who standing and do nothing, I just got bluffs back that he will kick me out from the hotel!!! WTF He treated his staff better than his customers.The food is great!! but I lost my appertise already.
5	You have to take my review with a grain of salt as I did not have to wait a single minute to get in. The buffet is very pricey.  Three people, it was $200.00.  Yes, it's expensive but when you walk out, just don't slide in that $20.00 you were going to in the slot machine.  There, you've saved money so you can eat.The food here is amazing.  Really, nothing tasted like buffet food.  Everything was fresh and excellently made.  I hate reading too much so here's the list of items to get.  Chinese Line (on the far right)Don't go there.  Are you stupid?  Why would you pay $60.00 for buffet Chinese food.  You are probably the type of person that eats at PF Changs (aka expensive Panda Express)  Move along to the left.Mexican Line (next to the Chinese)Read the above.  If you are paying $60.00 for buffet Mexican, take your ass back to Old Country Buffet.MeatsOk.  The Prime Rib was AMAZING.  I have to say it was better than Bellagio and that is really saying something.  Make sure to get at least two slices.  Sushi - The best quality of sushi at any buffet.  Everyone talks about how good this is.  Every piece was very good, fresh and high quality.OthersWings - awesome and perfect amount of spiciness.  The chicken is high quality and there's plenty of meat.  Only get a couple pieces though because there's too much else to try.Pho - yeah.  I said Pho.  This is definitely the best pho I have ever had made by a white guy in a chef's hat.  You are doing yourself a disservice if you don't try this.Dessert - get the mochi icecream.  Don't forget it.  This item is crucial because mochi can be hard, stale or too melted.  This was just right and absolutely perfect.  They only give you two at a time so be ready for that.Coffee - they give you your own little pot.  This is a small touch that I love because I hate having to track down someone for a warm up - especially in the chaos of a buffet.  DO NOT MISS THIS PLACE IN YOUR TRIP.  IT IS VERY WORTH IT.  AND YES IT IS BETTER THAN BELLAGIO.
5	I've been here twice now and just love it.  I stay off of free mount st and make it a habit to come here at least once while I'm on Vegas everytime.  The food is so good and the best service I've ever had at a buffet.  Tons of choices to pick from and desert is the best part of my night:)Make sure to get here early if your gonna plan for dinner because the line does start getting a little long but it is well worth the wait
5	You need to look no further. This buffet selection is huge. And everything tasted great. I started with the dim sum and sushi. Then I moved onto the meats. One of he chefs brought out a new prime rib roast so I asked him to cut me a rib. There was also brisket and turkey. I opted for the fried chicken and BBQ game hen. SO many choices at this buffet and a discount for being a total rewards winner. Will definitely be back when I'm visiting LV again.
4	I had been hearing rave reviews for Bacchanal for quite some time and knew I needed to give it a try. I usually avoid buffets simply because it's not really my preferred style of dining; I like being served, I like well thought out plates and inspiring flavor combinations, I believe that if you try to do many things quality will suffer- keep it simple. But this year for Thanksgiving, I had to go into work and it just made sense to do it Vegas style instead.The line was insane! I'm not sure what it's usually like, but it was Disneyland status for this holiday. Fortunately for my party of three, I don't think anyone was aware of the express line, and for $20 more a person, we cut our wait time down by at least 1.5 hours. Easy. So was it worth the extra $20? Heck yes!First off, the place is massive! I don't even know how they manage to keep everything organized there. Our server/busser was kind, attentive, and brought us plenty of champagne (complimentary during brunch). The champagne served here was slightly sweet, which was disappointing for me, but also a safe guard since I did have to be at work in several hours.As for the food- they have everything you could want, really. Everything is displayed in an appealing manner, and they weren't out of any single item while I was there.I started with the charcuterie which was fantastic, although it was all salamis and a mortadella. Cheeses were next with a raspberry crown (like a raspberry croissant) and the pastry was excellent. They weren't offering any soft cheeses, since I suppose they're probably harder to hold on a buffet line.The cold seafood station had a good selection from ceviche (delicious) to crab gazpacho (skip it) to mussels (good) and shrimp cocktail (odd texture, but tasty still). They do offer crab legs on the buffet line which are cold. If you're looking for hot crab legs, they have them at the Italian station.The crab legs were the only thing I ate from the Italian station (too many filling carbs) and they were pre-split, which did make them easier to eat, but it also affected the flavor since they were boiled after they were already split. Just a mention: they're a mix of snow and king, with no option between the two. You get what you get, and there's definitely more snow than king.The Asian section had congee, steamed buns and dumplings (the shrimp har gow were delicate and delicious), pho, sushi, stir fries and noodles.The carving station had some really charismatic people working the line that I thoroughly enjoyed serving up prime rib, sausages, smoked brisket and- of course- turkey! Everything was delicious, although they could offer some creamed horseradish rather than just the fresh horseradish at the cold seafood station.By far the most amazing part of this buffet are their desserts. I'm not really a dessert person, but I couldn't stop myself. I tried, well, I think everything. DO NOT MISS: The passion fruit tarts! The gelato- I had the Fleur de Sel vanilla and Brown Ale Caramel. The two on their own? AMAZING! But together... epic!If you're a buffet person, Bacchanal is reputed to be the best on the strip, most likely because it's the newest, and it is an impressive spread. But for $70 p/p? I'd rather have a meal with service.
5	We went to Wynn as well, but not nearly as good as here. If I live in Las Vegas, I will be here every weekend. A great selection of food, especially for my Asian taste. My favorite dishes include ramen noodles, dark-chicken soup and a white fish probably sea bass. But almost all dishes are executed very well. Nothing I saw look generic and each dish can easily go to a restaurant and be served individually. Think about it. It is actually a very high bar for a buffet place. Comparatively, a lot of items from Wynn probably can only be served at buffet or lower end restaurant. The food item options are quite limited as well. I wish I went to Wynn first and then to Bacchanal. I probably would not be this disappointed.
5	I was a bit hesitant about eating at a buffet that refers to itself as "back-anal" until someone politely corrected my pronunciation.  I think that the name refers to the feasts honoring Bacchus (Roman, Dionysus - Greek) the God of the wine harvests.  These celebrations involved gorging, then purging, followed by another round of gorging, and finally a massive group orgy at the end.  Unfortunately, the group orgy is not available as an option at this buffet.The Bacchanal does truly live up to its name, and is only what I could describe as an orgy of food.  If you want a variety of foods, this is the place to go to.  The meat station is probably the best in terms of different offerings - ribs, slab bacon, brisket, multitudes of sausages (ask for it by the inch). There is also a juice bar, that has fresh juices all individually set out in mini carafes. Don't get the green stuff, and watermelon juice is not as good as it sounds.The buffet style is somewhere in between Wynn/Bellagio and the Wicked Spoon.  The quality of the food is pretty good for so many offerings.  Is it worth the price?  Probably not, unless you are a massive glutton like me.  For around $50 per person you could probably get a better meal at any of the other Caesars establishments and get just as full.  But that is not the reason why we go to these buffets. I think of it as a form of entertainment for the eyes...like a strip club for my appetite, but here I can touch.  The dessert station is a bit weak compared to the level of the buffet, but I rarely make it to that point anyway.Expect a massive line like you would see at Disneyland.  If you have Platinum, Diamond, or 7 Stars membership in Caesar's Total Rewards Club, then your wait is nil.
3	3.5 starsWe waited about an hour for lunch! I hate waiting for food.The food was okay, the layout was a little weird and the giant mirrors made the place seems huge but it was also misguiding.I tried the prime rib, clam chowder, tator tots, fried chicken, pasta, risotto, and a bunch of other stuff. My favorite was the fried chicken, it had a flakey, buttery skin and fried perfectly. The dessert was okay, I had higher expectations since it looked so beautiful.
5	I've been to who knows how many buffets in Vegas and this is by far the best. It is the most expensive but you get what you pay for here. I can't even name everything I ate the last time but I am going back! Crab, prime rib, beef rib, dim sum, sushi, tacos, seafood... You name it they got it. The only thing that wasn't great was the sushi. Pretty poor showing for this but if you're going to do sushi do it right and go to a Japanese restaurant. Moral of the story... GO here if you have time if you want a great buffet.
5	The best of the best! The food is excellent.  We eat here all the time.     I wish, I could live there.  It's the best place on the planet.
5	I love love love breakfast and bacchanal blew away ALL other breakfast places I've been to. Everything I ate was mouth watering good... Even their scrambled eggs and hash browns. Didn't think you can make something so simple like scrambled eggs so tasty!! For breakfast they have a variety of egg dishes, hash browns, tator tots, breads, pancakes, omelets, chicken and waffles and freshly squeezed juice blends. They even have dim sum! I recommend trying a little bit of everything and save room for dessert. I ate way too much so didn't get a chance to try their dessert so I can't comment on taste but I can say it all looked good!If you like breakfast. Come here.
5	Wow!  Best buffet in town so far that I have eaten at.   There is a line to get in and it helps to be a Total Rewards Platinum or Diamond member, so that the wait is minimal.   But all of the wait is worth it!   The price on a Sunday for lunch was $49.99.  The service was excellent, our server was Massimo and he was attentive and very courteous!  The food was exquisit! Higher quality of food with so many choices.   You can get full just trying so many things.  I saw people just taking there time and grazing to enjoy the food.
4	I admit that I am not a big fan of buffets but this is probably the best buffet I have been to in Las Vegas. I think the specialty is steamed crab legs. They also have little tomatoes with balsamic vinegar and a standard stations for sushi, noodles, dimsum, meats, and desserts. We had a sunday lunch and the lines moved pretty fast. It good place to spend several hours gorging on delicious food.
5	This is the best buffet I have tried in our trip to Vegas.   The best part were the fresh juices they offer and the steamed crab legs (which has more flavor than the cold legs).   And the dessert is out of this world!
5	If you're going to charge what Caesar's charges for most of its services and restaurants, you'd better be good. The Bacchanal Buffet certainly is.For my money, it's easily the best buffet in Vegas over some pretty darned good ones (Bellagio, Paris, and Rio come to mind as honorable mentions). The food selection is as wide as it gets, and everything's pretty darned good. Yes, it's expensive, but I've been here a few times and it's blown me away.Fair warning: Do not just show up thinking you'll waltz right in, especially on weekends. For dinner, waits can be up to an hour at the busiest times, so be sure to account for that. Trust me, though, it's worth the wait.
4	Waiting in line for 3 hours for a buffet is nuts. We can all agree on that right? But when you're waiting in line for something called "the best buffet ever" it kind of makes you question whether or not you should stay in line... my family and I stayed. For 3 hours. In line. After you pay, there's 2 separate lines for groups of 4 or less and groups of 5 or more. After we got through the 3 hours of waiting in line to pay, we finally made it to the line for a table. It didn't take long after that. Soon enough we got seated near the way inside and it was time to dig in.The atmosphere? I like it. Yes. Glass walls. Lovely decor. Wonderful staff service. And pretty much people everywhere. The food? It's definitely decent and some were above decent. The sushi area was good since they had fresh salmon and tuna for you to eat. And near that area is a worker cooking udon, ramen, and pho for you. Definitely should check that out. You should also check out their bottles of juice and horchata. Not super special, but definitely a cute idea from the normal "Can I have water? Coke?" Only problem? You have to line up for the seafood. I know it's seafood (oysters, crab legs...) but when you're lining up where the meat products are then it's kind of nuts. People are repeatedly waiting for the workers to dump more oysters out and you can even see them working on opening the oysters and everything. Patience is the key at buffets. The dessert bar was also cool. Cupcakes, cakes, crepes, ice cream, mochi ice cream, all were interesting to try but probably not more than once. And a bummer? There was no beautiful plate of macarons when I went. I was looking forward to it and it just didn't make an appearance so I was bummed out about that. Overall, this place IS probably one of the best buffets I been to. I ate till I was bloated and could no longer walk. But the 3 hour wait leaves your feet aching and extremely hungry. Oh, and the receipt also says to keep your eating to a maximum of 2 hours. But you know people will sit longer than that so that might be why I was waiting so long.
4	the wait on a saturday at 445 was about an hour.  highlights: lamb chop, grape leaves, fresh juices, all the desserts! for 50 bucks it was pricey but we really enjoyed ourselves for about 2.5 hours.
4	Best buffet of Vegas!   Only minus 1 star because of waiting in line to get into the buffet. It has a wide selection so something for everyone.  And the best part,  they are all freshly made!   None of the sitting at counter foods for 6+ hours. I went on a Sunday.   The raw oysters were freshly shucked - delicious!   The crab legs were great as well.The only down side is not much sushi selection - only had salmon and tuna and shrimp sushi.  But I love the sushi section still.  The Chinese foods were yummy - esp the duck.  And their dessert selection is enormous - with more than 20 different ice cream flavors - nothing mundane - all unique flavors as well.   The closest they had to a regular vanilla was French Toast.   Definitely a must try buffet.   Worth the price u pay.   But I would go a little early so you don't stand in line long.
4	An amazing selection of foods that never feels like a big sprawling buffet (in a good way). Oddly, I thought the carving station was the weak link: the brisket was a little dry, the sausages were ordinary, the prime rib needed some black pepper, garlic... something (which is weird since some of the other dishes were overly salted for my taste)!!Often the fried foods are throwaways at a buffet. Not here. Both the onion rings and the UNBELIEVABLE fried chicken were crisp and yummy. Some of the best friend chicken I've ever had.Really appreciated the hot crab legs with melted butter. I had to take about a 15-minute break to make room for dessert. Glad I did. Unbelievable variety. Great quality. A lot of Yelpers talked about hourlong lines. Maybe Wednesday is the magic slow day. At 6 o'clock, I waited about 10 minutes altogether. By the time I left around 7:30...it didn't look that much worse.
4	Me and my friends went on a Friday evening. The dinner price per person was about $55. Overall, the buffet had a very large selection of dishes to choose from. We got there at around 5:30 so there wasn't a line.Asian Section: Being of chinese american descent, I feel like I am entitled to say that the chinese selection was a decent effort. Not the best chinese food I ever had, but surprisingly decent. I tried the beef chow fun, a small selection of dim sum, and the fried rice. There was also rice porridge and chinese crueller style fried donuts. The sushi selection was small for a buffet, but the salmon sashimi was chunky and fresh tasting, compared to other buffets which just throw you low quality sashimi.Salad Section: I didn't try much from this section. I don't go to a buffet to eat greens that I can make for much cheaper.Cheese and Cured Meats Section: Has a selection of 5-6 cheeses, as well as 5-6 cured meats. My wife got some honey added to her parmesan cheese and it was pretty good.Italian Section: Has a selection of 4-5 pizzas, including a chef's special. The pizza was so-so. The italian section also has hot king crab legs. Yummy! There was also this octopus puttanesca dish that I thought was really tasty.Mexican Section: There are braised meats available, as well as fresh grilled tacos (the cooks grill them on the spot), as well as selection of salsas. I didn't try anything from this section.American Section: Has your typical prime rib, slab bacon, and other carved meats. I tried the lamb chops which were pretty good.Seafood Section: The oyster shooters were my favorite dish from this section. Perfect flavor. You can also get cold king crab legs as well as oysters on half the shell. I want to note that the shrimp cocktail was one of the best that I ever had at a buffet. The shrimp were large and chunky and cooked perfectly, not the small puny ones you typically get.Dessert Section: The ice cream mochi here is really good. They are not the same as the ones you get in the grocery store freezer isle. The ones here has a perfectly soft mochi wrapping and perfectly creamy ice cream. I especially liked the mocha ice cream mochi. I also liked the macaroons that were served here. There is also a crepe station, your typical selection of cakes, gelato, and even some candy jars.Overall, I enjoyed my experience and hope to come back some time in the future.
4	I usually go to Bacchanal during every trip I take to Vegas. Overall, I do think this buffet is relatively comparable to the other buffets around, like Wicked Spoon. The lines can be really long, unless you are a Platinum/Diamond member, which you can use the "fast pass" line for. If you come in the middle of the day, not during lunch/dinner hour it is also a shorter wait.I really like the variety of food they have here. They have all sorts of dishes, ranging from Italian to prime rib to Mexican and Asian cuisine. Pretty much a flavor for everyone! They also have a fantastic seafood bar from which you can get crab legs. I recommend not getting too much food at once, since it can turn cold at the table. Instead, get small portions of what you find interesting, and go back for more/other samples once you're done. I've gone enough times to know what I like getting there now, so I tend to stick to those things. They have a nice mix of carbs, meat, and veggies.What's really fantastic- and I'm sure most people look forward to this part- is the dessert bar. They can make crepes for you there, and it's a huge station all on its own! I love the chocolate-covered strawberries here, and sometimes they have flan as well. If you are unsure about what's on the menu but really want something, just call and make sure that they have it before you go!
4	So I am maybe a little behind the ball on Bacchanal. It only took me a year, but I finally made it out to try the hyped "best buffet in Las Vegas." I haven't been to a buffet in years. No, Bacchanal hasn't turned me into a buffet fan. However, the food, selection and bussing service was exceptional. So if I had to recommend a place to gorge yourself this would be it.HIGHLY SUGGEST THE EXPRESS LINE. A 2+ hour wait turned into a 15 minute one. You basically stand in the line for Platinum Players, tack $15 on to each person's entry fee and waltz right in--it's worth it. The day we went, Friday/Saturday dinner was at $50.99 (show your players card for a $1 discount per person)Probably one of the better looking buffets on the strip. After the remodel, it resembles a hip, fine dining establishment. Which is good for you in case you want to bring someone special or celebrate something.Food-wise, selection is the usual except maybe some more culinary masterpieces than you expect at the run of the mill buffet. You've got your prime rib, BBQ, & sausage station--prime rib was flavorful but dry. Seafood--hot/cold crab legs, sub-par oysters. Italian. Dim Sum--amazing, I must have went there 3 times--so delicious + house made chili oil. And can't forget dessert: gelato + macarons--that is all.
5	I'm a very picky eater and when I go to buffets, I really look into the detail in the food I eat. The Bacchanal is by far the best buffet in Vegas! It gives you so many choices to choose from. You'll be able to get a taste of delicacies from different countries too! The best part would absolutely be the dessert section. No matter how much you eat there, the dessert section is most certainly what you wanna save your tummy for!
5	this is a great place for buffet they have different variety of foods its a must go if you are in Vegas, we took our kids with us and they loved it so much that its been 2 months and there still talking about it.
4	I was to the Bacchanal shortly after it opened over a year ago for a Yelp Elite event.  Some friends from out of town decided this would be a good place for a late lunch and it was.There is a wonderful selection.  My favorites were the oysters on the half shell, the lamb chops, and the oyster shooter.  I could have been blissfully filled with those three items but I tried several other things.  The lobster bisque was very good.  There were also some nice salads.I did notice that there were a couple of things missing from the opening.  There was no tomahawk steak and there were no macarons at the dessert station (that's almost an unforgivable fail!)The Bacchanal still is one of the better buffets on the Strip.  It's pricey but when you have friends with a comp, it's just great!
4	Sunday night in mid December...wait time until we sat down was 55min. Price was at least $51 per adult for the weekend pricing dinner. 18% gratuity added for big groups so split up if you have a big group. They tend to sit people chronologically in line in the same section anyway. Entrees are lined up against the wall with desserts in the middle of the room. Felt like the ac was on (in Dec) and was too cold for me being under the vent so don't sit by the walls if you get cold easily.Food was ok, better than most average buffets I've been to. Tri tip was perfect! Clam chowder too salty for me. Sliders were dry. Wasn't a fan of the cake pops-very mushy inside instead of cakey like I'm used to. LOVED the chocolate covered strawberries! I don't eat oysters, but everyone kept going back for more. More sushi options would've been nice. Horchata!!-Even some Mexican restaurants don't have this drink.
4	Lots of choices for foods! Dim Sum tastes good . You can eat the crab legs cold or warm, that's very nice. Love the fresh juicy. Bad thing is that wait for a while to get in.
3	I guess I'm not the target audience for this place. I'm not into buffets at all, it just doesn't intrigue me. Came here for dinner in September for the one year anniversary celebration. At $40+ each person, I was expecting a little more than what I experienced. Thankfully, we also were abe to go straight in and skipped the line as well, which would be another $20 if we actually had to pay for this.I started at one end of the buffet and sampled a little bit of each. Out of all the stations, Italian, Mexican, Asian, carving station and dessert area, the only place I enjoyed was the charcuterie. I found myself going back for more cheese and honey, than anything else.  Guess if buffets are your thing, this could peak your interest.
1	We did not have to wait and got right in which was good.Service was good and friendly even got me the drink I asked for that was not on their list.FOODAwful not like it used to be at allCrab legs still tasted frozen and no meat insideSushi don't even tryMussels awful and dryDuck and charcuterie was ok but not worth $40 each.Hubby hated his lamb chops and could not eat them as smelled like burned rubberWon't come back too much hype for nothing at a high price!!!
4	Not quite a five star, there are better, more elegant buffets (and most of those include champagne and/or wine), but only a few and even with all the Snow Crab legs you can eat it would be considered by many to be  a little pricey  at $50 until compared to inflated Strip prices (it looked like a gift compared to the $15 hotdog at many of the hotels; you don't eat on the strip or hotels if you are offended by high prices),  That said, they will allow you to extend the buffet to a 24 hour deal for just $25 more and that is absolutely worth it on any scale or standard, plus the food quality, variety, quantity and flavor is good to very good (exception: sushi) and the service is very, very helpful and attentive.  The decor did not come close to matching the opulence of the rest of Caesar's Palace but it wasn't high school cafeteria either.  Treat yourself to it at least once (tip to avoiding long lines: go on off-hours!)
4	Went on a Sunday night at 7pm and there was an 1hr wait to pay. Was with a big group of 13 and was told that big groups are rare and usually get seated pretty quickly. After paying, we only waited another 10 minutes before getting seated (albeit in 2 tables but we're not complaining).I was treated to buffet so I didn't feel the sting of the $51 a head cost! Here are some my observations:Best!:  -  by far the best food in this buffet can be found at the meat station! The highlight was the beef brisket - so smokey in flavour and juicy! -  fried chicken was deliciously seasoned and not dry- yelp tipped me about the souffle at the dessert station (thank you!) and the chocolate souffle was amaaaazzzinnggg. Done perfectly, not too sweet. I don't think many people knew to order it as it wasn't advertised anywhere. I also tried the banana one but it was too sweet for me.  OK:- I enjoyed the spicy salmon sashimi but they only served that for the first round and changed to just plain salmon sashimi afterwards- boiled king crab leg. I always find it better warmed up than cold and this was warmed in a salt bath.Skip:- yes, there's unlimited oysters... BUT be warned that they taste pretty awful. It's watery and just lacks any kind of flavour- dessert was pretty lack luster. It was bland and just has a sugar taste to it, not much else.  Just go ahead and stick to the gelato and the souffle. I also heard that the crepes were good, but I didn't have anyI was at Wicked the night before and I must say that Bacchanal has more selections, hands down. Food quality was a bit better at Bacchanal as well but compared to buffets I have had in Macao, it's still has a long way to go. I would come back to Bacchanal next time I'm in Vegas before other similar establishments around town.
4	I used to think the Bellagio buffet of 5-10 years ago was the end all of Vegas buffets, but in the past few years, the quality and impressiveness has seemed to go downhill a bit.  So, I'm back on the best Vegas buffet search again.  The Bacchanal Buffet was fairly impressive in terms of quantity, presentation, variety, and quality.  The wait to get in may drive you to get the hunger shakes though.  I went on a Saturday around 4:30pm, thinking that the lines would be a little more manageable.  Wrong.  Based on the overheard conversations in line, it sounded like it was at least an hour and a half wait to get in.  But, there is a "back door" way in, as there always is in Vegas.  The only thing is that it'll costs you a bit more money.  For an additional $15 per person, you can go to the platinum/players club line (which was empty when I was there) and and get "fast tracked" ahead of everyone in the regular cashier line.  After paying, you have to wait in another fairly long line to get seated.  I think that by paying the extra $15, we were also seated a bit more quickly.  In total, we probably waited a total of 5-10 minutes and that included the cashier switching out the register, and were out about $70+ per person.     The buffet itself is bustling with a lot of people in line for food, but the line moves fairly quickly, and they do a pretty good job of crowd control.  The seafood section (on the far left) is always the most crowded section.  However, if you want a plate piled high with warm crab legs, go to the middle of the Italian section (make sure to bring a clean plate with no other food on it) and look for the guy dishing out mounds of crab legs.  The variety and quality of dim sum was decent as was the Peking duck (meaty and succulent).  I'm not a big meat eater so I wish they offered more vegetable options, but the truffled gratin potatoes were decadently rich and delicious.  My husband thought the prime rib was really flavorful and well cooked.  Other creative or interesting food/drink items were the agua frescas in the Mexican food section, lots of fresh fruit, custom made fresh soft tacos, and a jook (rice porridge) station.  The desserts were also an amazing display of decadence.  The buffet has the best gelato offerings I've see at any buffet.  The flavors are creative and abundant.  And they pretty much have all the desserts you can find at other buffets, plus more (including mochi with ice cream).  The Bacchanal Buffet really is and opulent display of food and one of the best in Vegas.  It's expensive but worth it if you're looking for an extra special buffet experience.
5	I LOVE the Bacchanal. I have been here three times total, twice for dinner (including opening day) and more recently for lunch.  First off I would say spend the extra money and go for dinner. It is well worth it. I was looking forward to the split king crab legs but alas they are not offered for lunch. Also, not offered for lunch is the made to order souffles in the dessert area or the hand rolls in the sushi area. Other than that relatively similar lunch and dinner items are served. The highlights to me are the meat carving station, the prime rib is exceptionally good for being at a buffet. The charcuterie area where there are house made salamis and other cured meats to tickle your fancy. The dim sum area - where they offer a decent variety of dim sum and Peking duck. The sea food area, where I indulge on oyster shooters, crab (at dinner), and more oysters. I also enjoyed the fresh squeezed juices, I do not think this was offered at dinner, the selection included Pineapple, Jicama, and Melon. And of course let's not forget the dessert section - where without my much awaited souffles I was forced to eat key lime tarts, Oreo mousse domes and sour cherry and balsamic gelato. So yes, I LOVE the Bacchanal. Despite my lunch let down. And this says a lot from me because in general I dislike buffets, in fact there are no other buffets I actually like in town (not including Indian lunch buffets). There are ones I will go to for the price and just have salad bar but for me to say that a buffet is great it takes a lot. I will be back and back again I am sure.
4	I went this weekend and it was pretty good! They had a huge selection of seafood which I love!! The dessert was pretty good! It was $55 person so try to come on an empty stomach so you can eat what you paid for! The servers were very nice and sweet and checked up on us. It was my first time with my group of girls and so the hostess showed us around the restaurant on where every food is. They have a ramen area!! It was okay but that was pretty cool lol.
5	I won 50 bucks playing some silly slot machine featuring a meerkat jumping into holes, so it was like my meal at Bacchanal was free. But even if I had been in the red, I would have gladly ponied up the money to spend a couple hours at this, the greatest buffet of all the buffets.I'm not going to list everything I ate, but here are the highlights:Impossibly good pho. Who'd have thought a buffet would have such delicious pho? I almost didn't get it because I assumed it would be a mediocre waste of space, but it ended up being the high point of my meal.Meat. The brisket was my favorite. Perfectly seasoned and cooked, juicy and yummy.Desserts. Usually I don't go too crazy with desserts at buffets, but I couldn't help myself here. The made-to-order bananas foster crepe was probably the best dessert I ate, but I loved just about everything.Wait service was pretty on the ball with drinks. There were a couple of lulls here and there, but we were taking our sweet time in there, so I didn't mind it too much.I've been to a lot of buffets in Vegas, including other high-priced spots like Bellagio, Wynn and Aria, but Bacchanal is the only one I will return to over and over again in the future. It's that good, and totally worth the money.
5	My 100th review!!Bacchus: The Roman God of FeastsBacchanal: A Feast Worthy of GodsIf I could give this place more than 5 stars, I really would. I love the open and modern decor of this buffet and how easy it is to get around. It's seriously one of the biggest buffets around. There's a huge variety of foods including seafood, meats, cheeses, salads, etc. I think some of my favorite dishes here are the dim sum (mostly the hargow), steak and eggs, broccoli casserole...you know, to be honest I really can't list all of them. There's just so much to choose from! There's even an Asian soup station! You can order unlimited amounts of pho, ramen, or udon!  Crazy, I know!I absolutely love the breakfast here. They have so much to choose from. This last time I visited they had some new dishes out compared to what they usually have. Not sure if it's permanent changes but I'm not complaining! Warning! This buffet is more expensive than others and on weekends it's almost a ridiculous price. But hey, you get what you pay for. Even so, you have to at least try it once! You won't be disappointed. I've tried other buffets and they don't compare. This has become a regular stop every time I'm in Vegas and I always leave fully satisfied. I have to say we truly ate likekings. Definitely a feast worthy of gods.
5	Hands down, the best buffet I've ever been to.Usually, when I visit a buffet, I run across a pretty vast range of quality. Some items are good, others not as much, and some downright bad. This was far from that formula. The majority of the items I sampled at both breakfast and dinner (and trust me, I sampled quite a few) were from good to great.Several items surprised me with their quality. For example, the mini hot dog. I didn't expect to enjoy this, but they got the details astoundingly correct, down to the wax pepper and the bright green relish. As with many buffets, the food run the gambit from classic American fare like your mini burgers, fries and mac & cheese, to Mexican, to Chinese, and again, everything worked quite well. Very few weak spots at all, and if you don't like something, you'll find another half dozen to replace it on your plate.Is it pricey? Probably the most expensive buffet I found on the strip. But is it worth it? Absolutely. You could spend half as much very close by, as long as you don't mind crappy food. But I, for one, will always spend more to enjoy good, quality food. And that'd exactly what you get here.
4	I love its all desserts! If I had 2 stomachs, I would eat all of them! Seafood paella and Italian food area were my second choice. I feel like oysters were not fresh for me. I had much better oysters before, so they were kind of disappointment. Overall, good price and a large variety of delightful food.
4	It wasn't an 'epic' buffet like they advertised. But it is one of the the best in Vegas. There were items I couldn't even get to try because they have lots of good stuff. For one thing, I was first skeptical of their varieties of Asian noodle soup. I tried the ramen, was delighted. Then the pho, cool. Went on to the udon. They got me full. Regret it, but was glad because I liked them all.   I would share each one next time, to save room for other good stuff.
1	Nothing special.Service: Average.Price: Relatively expensive, not worth it in my opinion.Food: Nothing special. - Fried Chicken was dry- Burger sliders tasted like cafeteria food from middle school- Sushi was terrible- It goes on and on..But the worst part was finding an eyelash in my girlfriend's creme brulee. Told one of the server and she supposedly told the manager, but never got back to me (So I'm not even sure she did). I decided to go tell management myself and their reply was "Sorry, would you like another one?"..........It's a buffet, I can get it myself. At least offer a partial refund to rectify the situation.
1	Don't believe the Hype - tad better than other buffet and not worth the wait and $$$. Go somewhere else, food is NOT fresh and yuck, yuck, yuck
1	I feel like a pig eating at the trough - that's the kind of food u get from this buffet after 2.5 hours wait. Don't waste your time and belly. Go somewhere else unless you like to be a pig - oink, oink, oink.
3	I still think I prefer the Studio B buffet over at the M hotel, just cuz it's quite the hefty price to pay around $40-50 each time I've been here. The first time I went was during the weekend during brunch. The food was quite impressive then. The second time, however, not so much. Though that last time, I came on a Thursday night. Seems to me they're not entirely consistent. The wait for this buffet is pretty ridiculous!
5	This is my favorite buffet. Ever. And I've been to most. Bacchanal tops Sterling, Wynn and Wicked Spoon. The Sterling Buffet at Bally's has long been my favorite, never dreaming it could be topped... If for no other reason than the fact that it had broiled lobster and Veuve Cliquot champagne that never stopped. Well...Bacchanal killed it. Amazing king crab, sushi, BBQ and other awesome dishes were creative and delicious. I went to  Bacchanal twice on this trip. EVERYONE was blown away. I can't wait until my next visit.
1	The worst experience.. Ruined the first night of LV... Nothing but disappointment.... 2&1/2 hours wait, $130 for 2 including tip.. From the reviews from others, my expectation was very high... Dry sushi (rice was hard, dry tuna), salad- not fresh, too saggy, soup (tom yum soup-- TOO salty), corn chowder with lobster-- what am i having here? No taste of lobster, just corn and strong bacon taste,  clams & mussels-- too dry, I took them and lost my appetite... Seriously?? This place is supposed to be THE BEST buffet in LV?  My hubby and I could have gone somewhere else and could have enjoyed better quality meals than this.. We will never come here again...No star... But I guess I need to give one?
2	The food was ok, but far from great. There were a few items that I really liked, but there were far more that let me down. Service was horrible. Dirty plates piled up and it was impossible to get water or champagne refills. I would expect this type of service at a $8 buffet, but when the bill is $45 a head I expect a little more.
5	Worth the $$$. dinner includes items like crab legs, oysters, and all kinds of seafood deliciousness. they also have all kinds of meat from tomahawk, ribeye, prime rib, sausages and the best lamb chops I've had thus far. I always look forward to dessert! They have all kinds Mochi and gelatos. They also have a build your own crepe! Overall this place is sex ! Lol
3	This is a really good buffet, with all of the different varieties, flavors, cuisines, and beautiful presentations. However, it is not a delectable sreak and lobster dinner. Buffets should be attractive to the value oriented diner. One could eat very well at a fine dinning restaurant for the price of this buffet. I was very dissapointed, not because of the food, but because of the price. This buffet does not equal fine dining and should not attempt to fool value oriented diners. Let's face it, buffets should be really good food at a fair price and not attempt to present itself as fine dining.
3	I really wanted to like this buffet.  In comparison to the wicked spoon or the buffet at Wynn it just didn't measure up.  They had a lot of options, but I think they fell short on quality, at least for lunch.  The dessert options were also limited and with such great reviews from other yelpers I expected this to be the new go to buffet in Las Vegas.  Hopefully the quality has improved since I've last dined here and maybe I'll give it a second try.
3	Not bad but defiantly not worth of waiting 3freaking hours in line! Spend $230 for 4 people, NOT worth it!
5	I have been to all the luxury hotel buffets in vegas and this is the hands down the most delicious and outstanding brunch buffet in vegas. yes, it is pricey but you get what you pay for. the brunch menu is almost as same as dinner appetites. Will def. visit every time I go to vegas
3	The buffet was strictly OK. Especially for a vegetarian like myself I would give it only 2 stars.Pros:- Excellent meat and sea-food selection (from my non-veg friend's perspective)- Not excessively crowded- Great dessertsCons- Very few vegetarian options- Dishes were not well marked with ingredients. Infact some of the dishes didn't have a name at all- Veg food didn't even taste that goodI have been to the buffet at Bellagio and I think it is much better than this one. Had more food options also.They advertise to have 500 items for lunch buffets but I am sure they were much less.
3	3.5 stars to be honestI was here on 12/21/13 for dinner $54 ppFirst off.. No buffet should be worth 2 hours wait. Everything was fine, the line went pretty fast at first until all of a sudden it just stopped. This wait has nothing to do with the stars.. my stars are solely based on the food & services.I like the varieties that they have here from seafood to meat to desserts. Lets start with the seafood:while they have a lot of choices, I was surprised they offered snow crab legs only. I thought they would give out Alaskan King Crab legs. The snow crab legs aren't the best. The crab meat had this grainy texture, wasn't sweet, nor was it meaty. The shrimps were big, but had a weird taste; not saying it wasn't fresh but it just had this after taste that I cannot describe. The steamed clams and mussels were bland, the presentation was cute (in a pail) but the taste was just lacking - add some garlic an wine please! The clams were small too, that I didn't mind, i can always get more, but that pail was just filled with shells and they could really have executed better with the flavors. Moving onto the meat, the fried chicken was dry. The truffle scalloped potatoes were tasty but is it only because of the truffle flavor that made it "tasty"? The risotto was just meh. Prime ribs and flank steak were just okay - a bit tough. i like their salami and prosciutto selections - all were tastythe tacos section was pretty good for a buffet; i could have eaten more tacos but why would i fill up my stomach on tacos when i can eat other stuff and get real true authentic tacos in San Diego?The noodle station was a nice addition, i thought their ramen and pho was pretty good - the flavors were definitely there, they could make the broth stronger but nonetheless it was acceptable.I enjoyed their salad selection and their chinese dim sum station was surprisingly not bad for a buffet style. The japanese section was pretty sad. Those nigiri were thin cut -- not many choices, but the good thing about the nigiri was that they give less rice. i also like that Bacchanal have a variety of soups: from chowders to tom yum but their bowls are just SO big! i only wanted to try the soup, i don't need such big noodle bowls. I think Bacchanal need to invest in some smaller bowls; AND stock up on more little sauce plates, please! Their dessert bar was amazing though. Chocolate dipped strawberries, gelatos, mochi ice creams, french macarons, crepe station, and the list goes on. The dessert was just WOW. So many choices for one small stomach. I really like their dessert selection. $54 pp was just a bit over price for the food they were serving especially when the quality was not good at all. (yes i went during the holiday weekend; but still... $54 i better see some good fresh seafood) As much of a disappointment, I still enjoyed my meal. I am only telling you the truth of what I tasted and saw. I'll come back but if I had to pay $50+ for dinner again, i better expect better quality in food and more plates / bowls / sauce plates out and ready for guests -- cannot have slow turnaround!
1	Absolutely ridiculous, I understand that Christmas eve is busy and you may not have table available or need us to wait 3 hours to come back with a ticket. But changing the time on the ticket and telling us to go to the back of the line 2, 3 times is highly unprofessional and frankly not acceptable.
5	**first time visitors at the bacchanal buffet***During very busy times, in order to avoid fire hazardous long lines, they offer several kiosk to make reservations that print out a ticket that gives you a time to come back. The forum shops are conveniently nearby (and of course gambling) so theres a place to kill time walking around. I suggest that one person in your party to go there early before everyone else to make the reservations at the kiosk*The Bacchanal buffet is the Godfather of all the buffets in vegas. They have pho, sushi, lamb, truffle potatoes, cold or warm crab, mussels, mochi, french macaroons, AND SO MUCH MORE! Service at buffets usually suck, but at the bacchanal our dishes were cleared out when we were finished and our drinks were never empty. We didn't have to wait forever for a server to come by for refills. We had not only one person helping us, we had two! They were both kind and very helpful. Holiday pricing is more expensive than their regular price. Christmas time pricing$49.99 lunch time 11-3$59.99 dinner time 3-close.This is the place to go to stuff your face! Come here super hungry!
1	After the 3 hour wait which was for the payment line of $60 pp, then another wait of 20 min for a table we had less than a full hour before closing. Keep in mind we arrived around 5:30 on a Tues. The wait and $ was so not worth it, a huge disappointment.  The line for seafood was long, the meat looked like it had been sitting around,  lots of labels missing so you just don't know what stuff is, very sad.
1	We went here yesterday on Christmas Eve. We didn't know that the lunch price was twice the regular price.. $50/person + tax!!!  But we already waited 2.5 hours to get in and plus the Yelp reviews already gave the place so much hype so, FINE... Let's see what this was all about!I was very disappointed at the Bachannal. It was our furst time here and I don' think we'll be back again. The quality of the food was real BAD. The prime rib was dry and chewy. They even ran out of au jus, which was weird. Beef brisket was too salty, so were the fried chicken and scalloped potatoes. The crab legs were FROZEN! There was still ice on most of the crab I got. The Mexican foods station was a mess. So were the bread and cheese station. The Chinese and Dim sum area looked okay, but for $50+ price tag, why would I go for those?! I also didn't care much for the pizza and pasta.On to desserts... I was looking specifically for the macaroons and red velvet pancakes. But there's none! I went back 3 times to the dessert station, still none. So I asked one of the servers there and she said they ran out. What? Seriously? But but but it was ONLY 2pm, how could they already run out? And why would they even run out of those items?! That is sooooo unacceptable!As for service, it was okay. The staff was fast and friendly, and several servers help you on your table. The first waitress who came to our table took our order for drinks then went away. Then, as I looked around us, I noticed most people were having champagne and mimosas. Another new waiter brought us our drinks, so I asked him if the champagne was included in the buffet price. It turns out that it was! Again, a disappointment. We should have been told early on. If I didn't ask, I don't think they would have told us. The people from the other table heard me ask and it turns out, they weren't informed also. So lesson learned, just go ahead and don't be shy to ask.So again, overall,  I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THE BACHANNAL. If I can take my  $50 back, I would just skip the LV buffets and, instead, find me a nice sit-down restaurant where I can have a nice 3-course gourmet dinner which I will truly savor and enjoy.P.S. If anyone reading this happens happens to love brunch buffets and gets to visit SF and the peninsula, I would recommend the Cliff House champagne brunch ($45+). If you really really want to treat yourself and you definitely deserve to splurge now and then, go to the Navio for brunch in Ritz Carlton Half Moon Bay ($100+)! The Navio is the BEST top-notch high quality brunch I have ever had. Every dollar is really definitely worth it!!!
4	Huge buffet with lots of items and I tasted most of them. They are all good and service is nice.. But I knocked off one star as they don't have display names attached to each dish. In most cases we didn't know what we were eating. To avoid waiting time, be there before 11 AM for lunch and before 6 PM for dinner.
5	Date of visit 12/23/13 (Monday)As good as a buffet gets.we got there at 10am (no line) .  by the time we left about 11:45am.  there was a decent line (but similar to other buffets).they're fried foods were off.  fried chicken was a little dry.  french fries were sitting out too long and too potatoey.sushi wasnt that good either but no worse than any other buffet.but everything else was better than other buffets.and I know you can't get your money's worth eating it, but the chinese food is legit.  way better than the wynn buffet.for holiday champagne brunch they upped the price (even though it was a monday) so don't think we'd ever pay another $44.99 (total rewards price) for what we ate.  not worth the brunch items (even though there was prime rib and crab legs)i saw everyones comments about bone-in ribeye.  i think i'd want to come back just to eat dinner.
5	Yum yum yum!! Love this buffet. I personally loved it because of the amount of seafood they had. We were VIP customers so we had extra comps ;) but other than that really nice buffet, sanitary and delicious! Definitely recommend this place
1	Bacchanal you have let me down! The one star is for downgrading food and the bad service from this head of the host guy.    We have been here since March 2013 and the food has downgraded a major major level!!! There used to be Asian chicken soup, awesome soup station and tomahawk  ribeye to name a few of my favorites.  They stop serving any of the above and what's even better it's $60 pp for dinner!!Now, the service; The look-like-manager, head of host STEVEN KUO is an a$$hole.  We were here with a party of 8 and wanted to put together 2 tables right next to each other where MR.KUO claims it's too small even though we say we don't mind.  He insist saying that you'd have to wait another 30 minutes if we would like a table together. If we had to split into 2 tables why do we have to pay 18% gratuity? WHY if we are sitting at two separate tables and have to pay 18% tip? MR manager STEVEN KUO please Fix your attitude and retake customer service 101!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Christmas Day dinner here. Call eve and got the price for holiday ,$60 instead of $50.. Went to get in line at 3pm.. Surprise they say it was sold out.. So they won't let people wait in line at all.. And then to milk u more, they say u can pay for express lane then u can eat here tonight. At $20 more per person.. Gotta be joking to hear a buffet sold out n then to pay more then its not sold out.. For almost $100 person , I don't even want to try..
4	I really wasn't planning on coming back to Bacchanal Buffet for my recent trip to Vegas.  It was all situational because I literally spent a good 30 mins walking back and forth across the middle of The Strip trying to decide where to eat breakfast.  That when I just said the hell with it and go to Bacchanal!It's been literally a year since the last time I've been to Bacchanal Buffet and at that time they had just opened.  The food has actually gotten better but the price has gone up.  Here now are all the plates I had from this visit:  First plate went with comfort foods.Fried Chicken & Waffle, Mini Chicago Dog, Huevo Ranchero -- http://bit.ly/IIdyfeAll good stuff.  The Mini Chicago Dog was the best part! Second plate went for all seafood.Mussels Meuniere, Shrimp & Grits, Pan Roasted Salmon, Seafood Paella --  http://bit.ly/1h4c5vxThis was probably my favorite plate I put together.  The mussels were really good with nice garlicky taste, the salmon was cooked nicely, and the Paella and Shrimp Grits provided good filler.Third plate covered the meat station.Truffle Polenta, Roasted Prime Rib, Roasted Mushrooms, Kielbasa, and Shrimp Cocktail --  http://bit.ly/1fanybJI was starting to get full at this point but once again, no complaints with this plate.Then I noticed they actually had a ramen station so I went ahead and tried it.Ramen with bamboo shoots and chasiu pork -- http://bit.ly/IIe2SFIt was meh.  LOL  Broth wasn't too bad thoughFinally, desserts.Strawberry Peppermint Creme Puff -- http://bit.ly/IIefFwKey Lime Tart -- http://bit.ly/1h4cmyFMango Tart -- http://bit.ly/IIedgCTheir desserts are very comparable to Wicked Spoon and Wynn.  So no matter what you pick up, you'll be in for a pretty and decadent treat.Overall, I was pretty satisfied with my return visit to Bacchanal.  I'm a little on the fence with the $27 price tag for lunch (I meant to come for breakfast, but just missed the deadline and ended up paying a little more for lunch price), but for what I picked up, it paid itself off.  It's still one of the best buffets on the strip!
4	This IS the buffet to go to when in Vegas. Don't waste your time on other places because this place will give you quality food with abundance of choices.That being said, this is the second year visiting this place. The first year was OUTSTANDING but this second year it was still up there but not the same. The quality is dropping a bit...The mini burgers are my favorite. The salad bar is awesome....I think my favorite thing this year was the chocolate filled peanut butter cookies. OMG!!! Don't tell anyone but I snuck an extra cookie with me.My hunny can eat and we stayed here for almost 3 hours. He went straight for the cuts of meat while I took my time enjoying the different soups, variety of salads, different ethnic dishes and finally dessert.I can't wait til next years visit to Vegas to see how the quality is after the third year!
4	Come when they open or before !! On a friday i came when they opened and the wait was 10 minutes...saturday the wait was 3 hours...not worth rushing through a buffet that cost $50+ a head...of course there is always a line for the carving station and the snow crab legs (no king crab legs here). Balsamic Fig Ice Cream: what a wonderful and unique combination...I jumped at the chance to try this and think it was one of the best items there Aztec Chocolate Ice Cream: There a kick to this one...and while it's unique I would not get this again.  Lamb (Carving Station): well seasoned and cooked to perfection...this is a must try Beef Brisket: This is fall of the bone tender. One of the most popular items at the carving station and worth the wait The food here is all around the world but I'd say the most popular were the seafood & carving station. Dont forget to try the variety of juices which is next to the variety of breads. On top of that they also have a meat & cheese section. Overall this buffet has a very good variety with some stand out dishes. I'd return when the wait is shorter
5	A fat man's paradise, skinny people too I guess.  Was so so so so so good, I wish they had napping stations where you could come back later and eat more so you can actually make it through MOST of the 500 items, go just before breakfast ends so you can get some of the breakfast food and then lunch for the same price ;).  If you only eat one buffet in Vegas, make it this one.
1	Not worth the hype at all.  We went here on Xmas eve and was literally in line for what felt like hours.  We decided to pay extra to skip the larger line only to find ourselves in a shorter line that took 45 minutes.  It seemed like those Diamond, Seven star members kept popping up in front of us!  Then more lines at every freakin' station!  Since we're patient people, I wouldn't have minded the lines if the food was worth it.  Cocktail shrimp -- good, but could someone really mess this up?Prime rib -- bleh... tasteless, dry, unappetizing (i was thinking thank gawd this is a buffet and I can politely leave the food on my plate without feeling bad about wasting money).Lamb chops -- pretty good if you don't get a dry pieceOnion rings/fries -- good, but c'mon that's expected right?Paella -- decentOysters -- not the freshest... wouldn't recommend for those with weak stomachsCrab legs -- ok, standardDesserts -- good selection... too bad I'm not a sweets person...... list goes on but nothing that really stood out.Vegas has alot to offer and I'm definitely better off spending my moola in those other places!
1	Tried this place for the first time this past weekend. Came here for Sunday Brunch with my family. There were about 13 of us (8 adults, 3 kids, and 2 toddlers) There is a 18% Gratuity Charge for parties over 8. That's like an additional $75 bucks for us getting our own food, just to be seated together. Seriously?! We decided we didn't want to pay that ridiculous amount for minimal service. Which I'm glad we didn't. The waitress rarely came by to our area. So they spilt us all apart. One group of 4 adults, 1 kid, and 2 toddlers. Then 2 adults and 2 kids. Then finally 2 adults. They wouldn't sit the 4 adults and 2 kids together. Seriously?! That's just bullshit. When the lady in the front obviously told us we can do 4 adults on each table. Then her dumbass changed her mind. Ugh so annoyed.Food was only ok, but not worth $48. Some stuff are overly salted. Others are just plain. Only 2 things I actually liked there was giant shrimps and the crepes. For the price you pay, you would think they would be a lot larger. Nope. I think they're actually smaller than most of the other buffets. Would I come back here? Nope. Not even if you paid me to. Bad first impression.
3	We went to Bacchanal on Thursday at 2pm hoping for a short line during the 'transition' hours. When we got there, they were not allowing people to queue up for lunch. There was a new system with kiosks set up where you are given tickets for the next available time to come back ( similar to a Disney Fastpass). We were given a 7:15 pm  time which was in conflict with show tickets we had.  TIP: if you want to have your time moved, do what we did and speak with the  person at the small podium manning the start of the line and was able to get the time moved.  Don't listen to the other staff out front answering questions as told us to just keep coming back to try the kiosk. That would have been a big waste of time! On to the food -- I had high expectations based on the past yelp reviews and pictures and I was a bit disappointed. The Good - crab legs, side dishes like the tater tots, truffle potato, lamb chops, gelatoThe Bad -  tasteless chewy sashimi, no macarons (boooooo), Most of the other stuff were so so.Presentation seemed to have been value engineered. More than half of the food selections are no longer served on the cute tiny individual plates like the older review pictures show. Overall, the food was just ok, but not worth the $$$ or the extra planning effort.
3	Tried this place, for the first time this week, during lunch time just to find out what the hype was all about..Some positives:- Overall atmosphere & ambience was great.- Food presentation was quite good, probably @ the same level if not better than Wicked Spoon- Service was good- Desserts section was decent- Food variety was goodOne big disappointment is the lack of sushi/nigiri/sashimi selections (I recall there were probably only 5-7 different types)......In comparison, I would say Vegas Buffet (in the L.A. area) is probably much better..Other comment : Long queue for the raw seafood & meat sectionsFor the (lunch) price, I think one could get better deals elsewhere in Las Vegas, esp. if one craves for seafood
1	We went to dinner and we were expecting lots of seafood and a variety of sushi. Very disappointed and over priced. The salmon was over salted. We tried it and are never going back.
2	Once u survive the line to get in....the food is great but typical vegas buffet food. Its too pricey unless u can take down 4 to 5 plates.  Its not worth it.  They charge extra for booze once u get in. And they throw away all the food at closing time in a garbage can.  What a waste...but i guess its the norm
5	I love this buffet! We've been there twice now on separate occasions and I still love this place. The food tastes great, everything is presented so well and delicately, the only this is the wait before you get into the buffet. The food is sectioned into different types: Chinese, Japanese, Thai, American, Mexican, Italian, seafood, and etc. Most of the food there tastes delicious, but there is so much selection, it's hard to get a taste of everything.The food presentation gets an A+. The way they present the food only makes you want to try it because of the way they present it.They even started a fresh juice/water section with hibiscus water, mango juice, and horchata. NOM.Now.... everyone complains about the wait, but i think it's worth it. Get there a little early, or a little later than normal dinner hours. THat'll help. Unfortunately, there really isn't a way around the wait because it's a rather new buffet and they really do have good food.
1	Incredibly overpriced for the quality. Tourists seem really easy to please, while Caesars takes them for hundreds of dollars at this mediocre buffet. The decor is nice, the food is not. At my meal, I literally turned away 3 plates of food because when they arrived back at the table, the food tasted old, bland, and disgusting. I'm floored by all the five star reviews!! What, do you folks eat at McDonald's everyday? Wow.
2	$178 for two ppl.  At this price- so not worth it.  Per person breakdown: $60 holiday price + $20 express lane + TIP because the cashier stares as you're signing and eyeing to see if you are tipping and the she STAMPS your receipt with big block letters that say TIP on top.  It's weird, I'm gonna say it. The buffet itself is ok.  It's hella messy.  Food ain't made with love.  If I wanted bad dim sum I can get it a buck each at Dim Sum express.  Oh but the dessert.  We are talking premium price, I expect french macarons made with almond flour with perfect macaron feet.  But there are no macarons.  There are gelato, different colors but same flavor.  The best thing are the jumbo chocolate covered strawberries.  Some of the memorable items: super dry hamburgers the cooks keep shoving forward but no ones touching, the made from concentrate juice bar, the crazy hectic layout, frazzled stressed out waitresses blaming each other for petty shit.Wicked Spoon is a step above this.  Wynn buffet is a step above Wicked Spoon.
2	cant believe i waited three hours for this buffet when i started lining up at 520pm. it is super annoying that they dont tell people to just leave.  there were people that were at least 2 hours away from being seated when i was seated at 830p and the buffet closes at 10. everything was standard compared to the wynn, which is slightly cheaper.  the only big difference in my book were the freshly shucked oysters which were very fresh.  but i will never wait in line for 3 hrs for this place again.
1	I have been to a lot of buffets in Las Vegas, and I wanted to try Bacchanal for the first time since it had a lot of good reviews.  Words can not begin to describe how disappointed I was!!  $58/person + tip, ok it better be good.  NO!!  EVERYTHING was cooked with salt and no other flavor.  And it was a LOT of salt.  Not as much selection as Bellagio or Studio B.  Especially the desert section.  With the 2-3 hours wait and the price, go to Bellagio or Wicked Spoon.  The only good I found at this place was the host was kind enough to let people at the end of the line know they would not have more than 1/2 hr to eat since they were there so late.  Other than that, nothing else was good about this place.
5	Oh holy crap.  Honest to god, I have NEVER EVER EVER eaten more in my life in one meal.  It was actually the only meal I ate all day (if you don't count two biscuits and two coffees earlier).  I went at 3:30pm, and couldn't look at food until the next day.You'll start by going to one of the digital kiosks to get your ticket, and your place in line.  And no, the machine isn't lying when it says there's a 333 minute wait.  Yes, that's right, a FIVE FUCKING HOUR WAIT.  It's bullshit.  So, if you want to go for dinner, go 5-6 hours early and get your ticket.  Ridiculous.  I was hoping to not have to wait in line by going at 3/3:30 - HAH.  Whatever.  So, I paid the extra $21 to go right in.  It's a rip off - except it's not, because it's all you can eat and the food is incredible.  Dinner price - $59 (after tax), extra to actually eat on my own schedule $21 - total = $80.  Yes, a lot for one meal, but really not when you consider it's the only meal of the day and I stuffed my face with high quality deliciousness like a fat fatty fat pig.Seriously, they have every kind of food you could want.  If I'm remembering the physical layout lineup correctly: seafood (piles and piles of shrimp, king crab, mussels, oysters, crawfish, and more composed dishes like lobster in creamy leek sauce, sauteed salmon, clambakes, etc.);"american" food (various types of potatoes - tots, sweet potato, fries, scalloped with white truffle oil - mini burgers, tons and tons of hand carved meats);tons of different kinds of breads; a juice bar (with horchata!); stews and soups; mexican food (and a fajita station I think I saw); Italian with a few random things mixed in like mini pot-pies, but also they have really good polenta with truffles; HOT king crab legs (hand them an empty plate and them will FILL IT FULL - when she handed it to me I literally exclaimed out loud to no one in particular "holy crap!")pizza; a tiny little greek food section; charcuterie and tons of cheese;  salads of different types;ginormous asian section with various cuisines that I can't name, but including vietnamese, sushi, chinese dim sum, and more.oh - and the dessert buffet?  Don't even get me started on the dessert buffet.  SO.  MUCH.  AMAZINGNESS.  6 different flavors of Mochi?  Check.  4+ different flavors of Macarons?  Check.  12+ different plated desserts?  Check.  Cookies, brownies, crepe station, gelato, bread pudding, cobbler, cupcakes...I think I'm about to have a heart attack just remembering it all.So, long story short (too late), enjoy eating yourself into an early grave and not being able to look at food for 24 hours after.  If you're gonna be gluttonous, I can't image a better place.PS - I took videos!  A tour of the dinner buffet - https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=10101770526108350&l=3676401912602983275A tour of the dessert buffet - https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=10101768913699630&l=407913658076293995
2	Okay I'm definitely not a fan and would not go out of my way to eat here. I had this place bookmarked for my Christmas trip and was initially excited to go. Turns out the only thing enjoyable was the snow crab legs which were actually sweet ( as compared to one's at the Caesar's buffet from the previous day, but at least the food at Caesar's was actually decent).The clams and the mussels in the cute little buckets were dried out from sitting out and full of sand. The chorizo ( at least i think it was chorizo) tastes like what armpits smells like, hence "armpit clams". The layout was rather strange since all the seafood were next to each other in one section so the line for that was long and insane ( plus you have the crazy asian ladies jumping in and out because they think they are special and for them to have to stand in line like the rest of us is absurd- i want to trip them).The prime rib was overcooked, even when i asked for the rarest piece. Oysters were pretty decent although it had quite a bit of shell fragments, but i know these gluttonous folks had those shuckers madly working away.The shrimp cocktail were huge but don't let that fool you. They were tasteless.Oh yeah, not macarons. What the heck. Had they had that I would have upped my review to three stars.the good:lines to get in where long and confusing and at first we didn't realize it was only a line leading towards the kiosk. so you use the kiosk to put down your reservation and it'll print out what time you should return to check in. that way you are free to do anything else rather than stand in line for 3 hours.I"m not sure if they only have that when it's a holiday and crazy crowded because from what i heard they didn't do it via that system before.
5	I'm not going to lie, but this is my favorite buffet on the strip. Since I've been coming to Vegas, I had always gone to the Wynn Buffet. On my recent trip, my friends and I decided to try something new and Bacchanal was at the top of our list. Hoping to make it for the lunch price, we arrived at Bacchanal around 2:30 and was met with a long line. We stood in line and noticed that the line would move every 15 minutes. After realizing that we would never make it for the lunch price, we looked up yelp for tips and noticed a review stating that you can purchase an express pass for an additional $20 bucks. So, we bypass the 3 hr wait and stood in the express line. It took an additional 30 minutes but we were inside grubbing by 3:30pm! They have all kinds of food at this buffet. The wait for the seafood/crab legs is long and I did notice people cutting in line. But if you enjoy boil crab legs, there is a section near the deli meats/cheese (in the back). There is hardly a line and you can freshly boil legs instead of cold ones (my favorite)!
5	Sitting in the buffet now, stuffed and can't get to the end of it or dessert. Way better than,I expected. Everything was amazing.  The foods I normally don't like tasted good and we're well mass. It's pricy but worth it.
3	Expensive buffet in Vegas.  Most of the food is just so so. The dessert selection and quality is very good and we enjoyed that part of the meal.  I enjoyed the crab legs and had those to eat for dinner.  It was nice to be able to get them warm or cold.  My husband is not so much of a seafood fan and he found it difficult to find food he thought was more than just okay.  Some of the plating is unique and fun, but we have now done it once and will leave it with that.  Rather spend my time and money elsewhere trying something new.
1	It was a 5 hour wait to get in. Once we had paid, it was still 30 minutes to be seated. Service was OK, but not great. It was way over priced. Some items were good, but most were sub par. I paid over $50 a person, and most everything was disappointing. The crab legs were flavorless, the crayfish weren't very good either. Of the 60+ items I tried, I found two that were outstanding(the tacos, and the lamb), and for the price/wait, everything should have been. Save yourself the hassle, either go to an actual restaurant, of a $30 buffet, and you'll get as good or better quality, without the wait.
5	Thanks yelper lead me to this place! $50 is kinda pricey but it worth every single pennies! This is one of the best buffet in Vegas! I loveeeee their oyster! Super fresh and tasty!
5	This is the best brunch buffet I ever had so far. It was pricey ($56 or so per person), but it was totally worth it. Where do i begin. I was impressed with the selection and the freshness of juices & drinks. All desserts were amazing, especially flan cake. I arrived earlier than usually meal time so I wouldn't have to wait in line (came 10 am for brunch).
5	Awesome weekday breakfast buffet! We were pleasantly surprised by the weekday breakfast buffet.  It was delicious and I thought the price was reasonable.  The servers were so attentive.  The atmosphere and decor were very nice.  I would definitely go back again.
5	Well done Bacchanal!!Been there twice, both times had an amazing meal! The service is also excellent! It is a bit pricey and be prepared to wait in line to get in, that being said it is the best buffet in Vegas!
5	This is my favorite buffet in Vegas, basically if you there is anything you feel like eating, they probably have it! Everything from fresh seafood to dim sum. This place definitely will not disappoint.  When you're ready for desserts you'll feel like a kid in a candy store. I ate myself into a food coma and had to take a nap after.
5	It is not common that I get excited to eat at a buffet, but this one definitely lived up to the hype surrounding it. They have several different styles of food to accommodated everyone taste buds. I started with a plate of meat and potatoes ( Prime Rib, Brisket, and Sausage with Hash-brown and some form of fried potato cakes all were delicious. The next plate was all about seafood ( King crab, snow crab, mussels, crab cake Benedict which were all delicious. For the third plate I decided to go look at the salad bar, it looked amazing, but I wasn't in the mood for lettuce. So, I went in on some Crepes and other sweets. This place is a win, but make sure you bring your wallet.
5	Probably one of the best places in Vegas to go and enjoy yourself a higher quality buffet.  I have a Total Rewards Card, so I was able to totally bypass the line, to the chagrin of some of the non-card holding folks lol.  But still, great selection of foods, and the the atypical design of "different rooms" for different regions of foods really just make it feel like you're finding more treasure as you go further down the hole. Come here early, as the lines get long quick.  I heard someone say that lines were almost 2 hours long...as I walked passed him in the Total Rewards Card line.Seriously..get the TRC, you'll save yourself the trouble, and hey you might start earning comps that way.
4	This is a really good and unique buffet. I can probably forgive the ridiculous waiting procedure they have since the food  exceeded my expectations. Speaking of which: you have to make a reservation at a computer ticketing thing and then they'll text you when you're suppose to get in line to pay.... Then you might have to wait some more depending on how many more people need to be seated. Our estimated wait time was 2 hours.... Ouch!We came when brunch was being phased into dinner. For once I had a non-chewy prime rib at a buffet! The selection is interesting ranging from few Indonesian dishes, mini medium rare burgers, and bottled juices and horchata, to smoked salmon and good sushi. I really like how delicious the desserts are (and they were pretty cute too). The cashiers and seating hostesses weren't rude but it was obvious they were overwhelmed with the amount of people. The people at the food stations were nice especially the guys at the meat carving area. So, in short, I definitely recommend this place as long as you don't mind the wait or price.
5	Happy New Year everyone! Cheers to 2014 and another memorable year.Wowowow... I thought I had my top picks of buffets in Vegas already, but Bacchanal in Caesars is a complete game changer! While my faves are still "Studio B" at The M as well as "Wicked Spoon" at the Cosmopolitan, this one definitely comes close.Having just opened this year, this 500+ assortment of food was impressive. The lavish display and large table setting makes for large groups, but definitely come early during all meal times to get seated. Over the Christmas holidays, we were turned away at 6PM due to "hitting capacity!" So we opted for the morning after for Brunch, and it was amazing!There was so much to eat that I was pressed for stomach space. From dim sum and Chinese fair made by Cantonese speaking chefs, to assorted nigiri and a grand selection of meats and cheeses, there was definitely something for everyone to enjoy. The large amount of seafood downstairs was also brilliant. I have to echo my fellow Yelper Fanny H. that the shrimp cocktail are some of the best I've had at a Vegas buffet.To top it off, there are complimentary mimosas in the morning and they definitely aren't stingy on refilling your glass.The only issue we had was because we went in the morning (as well as a mild hangover), our stomachs weren't ready to feast quite yet. Thus, we weren't able to really try the desserts, but there is always next time.
4	We tried this for the first time after having the Wynn buffet the previous night.  What a difference.  The quality and choices are far more superior.  Like many have said and recommended, this is the best buffet in Vegas right now.They even have a ticket system that allows you to not have to wait in a Disneyland line for hours.  Genius.  Tip: their "dinner" prices start at 3pm so if you get in around 2:30 you will only have to pay the lunch price and get extra dinner items after it starts, all while saving $10 per person.
5	We went here because of the fantastic reviews everywhere online about this place, and because it was rated #1 out of all LV buffets.I can understand now why it was rated #1.  It was a phenomenal spread.  We went on Christmas day and they were packed.  Thank God we went early in the morning to get a ticket for the evening - everyone who had not gotten a ticket earlier were turned away.We thought because of the ticket we would only have to wait a short bit to be seated, but quite the contrary.  We ended up waiting 2+ hours to be seated.  But once we got in, it was amazing.  Seafood could have been better, but their asian dished were great.  And the dessert was the most amazing spread I've ever seen!  Go for the desserts and just fill up on those.Extremely expensive!  we paid $130 for just 2 adults.  we will probably never do it again, but glad we tried it just once.
3	Everything looks good. They have food from different countries like China, Japan and Mexico. I was not expecting more options so I'm fine with the choice. And their Chinese food, even without much to choice from the stir fries section, (They have good dim sum!) really taste better than other Chinese restaurants I had before. They are American Chinese edition. But, I am from South part of China. The food here to me are too salty. My cousin and I were both upset about the amount of slag they put in the dish. Seems like salt is too cheap to consider among all the condiments. Hope the cool did not drop his Salt bag in the pot. Sigh.....So after most of the dishes we tried, there is only a "if it is not..." left.We do expect more from the price.
4	Visits: 1stRating: 4*One of the best buffets in Vegas, if not the best, if not the U.S. For $65 a pop, it better be. She loves buffets, especially in Vegas. Me? Whatever. For that price I can eat at a very nice gastro pub. But got to admit, this place is good. The selection is good & the food is higher end than what you would expect for a buffet. They try to cover all the most popular cuisines in their selections & they do it well. Very impressed with the spread & how good each tastes.
4	The last time we were in vegas, we went on buffet-hopping and Bacchanal was on the list.We tried Bacchanal, Wicked Spoon and the Buffet at Aria.Well, after trying all three I would prefer Wicked Spoon over the much-hyped Bacchanal. The only reason it was a 4 stars instead of 3 stars is because of the great service we got from our server. Food selection, quality, presentation and taste is 3 stars though.Bachannal does have a lot of different kinds of foods. On the day we were there, however, we saw danishes on multiple different places. We didn't find any macaroons that some other yelper posted on yelp.For $51 per person, I came in with a higher expectation than what we had been given. I would prefer to go with Wicked Spoon for $35 and selection, taste, presentation.
4	Well where should I begin? Great service but a  long assss wait  2hrs. But over all the food was good. The thing i suggest before you start piling up your plate take a walk from the front seafood area to the way back Chinese food area.  My wife and I did not see the other stations until later. We still think the wicked spoon at the cosmopolitan was a little better but that's our opinion over all we had a great time
3	I rarely go to buffets just because I know that it's impossible to have everything up to par. I kinda felt like that was the case at the buffet there. Certain things were spot on but many of the main dishes were weak. The brisket was great, ribs were cold and a bit gummy & the sausage was too greasy with not enough flavor & also cold. They had some of the best mashed potatoes I've ever had & when you added the gravy took it somewhere crazy for me lol! the Mac & cheese was bland. I wasn't a fan of the pasta, but they made great ramen & the pork broth was identical to the soup houses in japan. The tacos were money!! Boiled crab legs were on point & they cut them down the middle which made it a neat treat. I can go on & on but overall it's not worth the wait unless you're really patient and can't decide what you want for dinner lol. It's a step above golden coral if you ask me
3	Let's start the year off with Gluttony!!!!Well, not full gluttony, but a review of Gluttony.  So the Bacchanal Buffet has been touted as being the best buffet on the Las Vegas Strip.  That's a pretty tall order considering the amount of competition they have.  I mean, Las Vegas is synonymous to the word Buffet... or was it the other way around?  Either way, that statement is a HUGE statement.  My verdict?  Over-hyped!!! Why?  I was told it's a mind blowing amazing buffet that has huge amounts of variety and great quality.  When I got in, I was presented with a decent variety with decent quality.  I think people see all the stations sprawled out about the walls and think that it's a ton of different variety.  In all reality, I think it's the same (okay maybe a little more) as the other major buffets, but just against the wall.  So when people say it's a huge variety, this was a disappointment.  Quality was another thing that was said to be amaze-balls.  Was it great?  No!  The wifey and the in-laws all said it too, "It's good for a buffet".  If somewhere is going to be the BEST of the best, you can't add that "for a buffet" at the end of the statement, that's just cheating!   That's just not right!!!  The seafood station was okay, they had oysters, shrimp, crab legs, the usual fare.  Just nothing stood out.  The shrimp were slimy and the crab claws were poorly cut and had very little meatiness.  In all reality, based on Quality and Variety, I'd probably give it a 4 star.  I mean, it is good.  Not amazing, but it is good.  Why 3 stars?  I had to wait 2.5 hours for this.  TWO AND A HALF HOURS!!!!  We went in at 4 o'clock thinking we'd beat the rush, nope!  After standing there for that long, after having asshats of people cut in front of us (who gave me dirty looks when i wouldn't move out of their way to cut), it was just not worth it!   The only saving grace for the line was that they had some computer kiosks that the wifey and I figured out how to get to the windows prompt.  Because it's vegas and everyone's watching, i put it almost back to normal.  Everyone behind us thought they were geniouses because they pulled up ms paint and had fun playing with it.  Your welcome. To add insult to injury of 2.5 hours of my life wasted in line, the price was insane.  We paid ~$60 pp NOT including tip.  They called it "Holiday pricing".  We called it a rip off since they didn't even have alaskan king crab legs (which i actually didn't mind.  I prefer snow crab).  I read a lot of reviews with all the things they had before, and honestly, I think they did what all other buffets did.  Start of with great quality and decent prices. Once you get your name out there, jack up the prices and then let the quality slowly degrade.  That way no one knows the wiser.  Me?  I'll stick to Wynn.TL:DR - Over-hyped.
3	Lesson learned - go EARLY. The lines anytime after 11am are ri-fucking-diculous. They have this convoluted system where you queue up in a line that looks legit but is really just a line to receive your wait time - which is anywhere from 1-3 hours. Soooo dumb. The place is enormous and yet they stagger entry. Once inside the food offerings are diverse and very good. You will be full ALL DAY. Service is friendly too. Not super fast, but good enough. Price is worth it but go early and leisurely spread out your meal to 2 hours like we did.
5	Sorry, Wicked Spoon.  Bacchanal is the buffet to be at in Vegas.Aside from The Forum Shops, the arena, and the casino itself, the place to be at in the palace is Bacchanal Buffet.  A friend of mine, and fellow Yelp Elite Ferdinand L., got me and another buddy in here, and it was awesome... Especially after what was the second night in a row of disappointment and terrible decisions in the desert.The place is pretty damn pricey, but it's worth it.  The choices are plentiful, and the place is huge.  Each corner of the buffet features cuisine from different parts of the globe, and like Wicked Spoon, the majority of them are already separated by serving size.Some of the choices even include contemporary takes on everyday foods.  One of the more interesting menu items was a Mac and Cheese pizza--talk about packing on the carbs.  The highlight here in my opinion is their Asian food selection and individually bottled juices.  It's not just juice either--there's horchata too.  How was the horchata?  Best I've ever had.  It was like having CT Crunch milk.  I literally wanted to pocket like 6 of those Starbucks Frapp-shaped bottles.Another tidbit for everybody, get a TRC.
2	One of my worst experiences in Las Vegas. We came for brunch expecting a good morning. After being seating and grabbing food we started to eat and were dying of thirst because drinks took about 8 minutes. All the food is super salty. The pork dumplings tasted very processed and store bought. Pancakes were dried out and crunchy around the edges. Thai curry chicken was very bland and couldn't taste much curry. The worst part was going to grab food and when coming back the plates are still all over the table and you have no room to place dishes.
5	Hands down one of the best buffets I've had in Vegas thus far! The lines for this place is ridiculous but now they seem to have a more organized system. You come check in and get a receipt with a return time on it. Come back by that time and wait in a slightly smaller line to pay for your meal and be seated.They have a large variety of food selections. What particularly stood out for me is the quality in each of them. Every single thing I tasted was quite good or at least tasted what it should be like, unlike other buffets where they would be great in one thing and lack in another department. They have one of the best dim sums I've ever tried and their ramen was surprisingly tasty for a buffet-styled ramen. They have all sorts of different drinks including tamarind and horchata. I love horchata so I was so pleased! Their tacos were also amazing. I've tried almost everything they had there. It's amazing, you have to go experience for yourself!I believe it's $30 for lunch and $60 for dinner. I can't remember the exact prices. Their dinner time starts at 3pm, so if you come around 2:30pm you can pay for the lunch price yet still be able to get dinner selections! :)
5	I'm no rookie in the food world.  I have been a gourmet ingredient sales rep for years and have enjoyed some of the best of the best food wise.  I'm an avid hobby cook around my home and have a very discriminating palate.  This is THE BEST buffet I have ever had!  So clean and beautifully maintained. Anyone that is claiming that this food is poor has different motives for the review.  Possibly the line was too long or the price was too much for them.  Food quality was very good.  I live in LA and it is hard to impress me with sushi considering it's on every corner.  Buffet sushi is always a losing gamble- anyways  figured I was in Vegas so what the hell.  Salmon was soooooo fresh! I had about 9 pieces no disappointments.  I should be telling everyone this place sucks.  That way I could disway everyone from coming and adding to the massive lines.  However, great food is my passion and I must shout it from the roof top.
2	For lunch: Wicked Spoon is better Bacchanal. My gf and I came here for lunch. $33/person, about 1.5 hour wait and we got there at 11:30am. There is a line to get a ticket, which tells you when to come back to pay and get a seat. There was an option to enter if it was a special occasion. It was my gf's birthday, so I checked the box marked "birthday" and wondered what special thing would happen. Spoiler: nothing happened throughout our time there, and no one acknowledged it. Why put an option to mark if it's someone's birthday if absolutely nothing will happen when you check it? Anyway, when we got back at our designated time, we had to wait about 20 minutes in a line to pay. The group in front of us was supposed to come back 2 hours later (they had just gotten their ticket), but the hostess and cashier didn't care and let them pay and enter anyway, while the rest of us honest folk waited to return at our designated time. At the time of payment, I had to put a tip. This is weird to me, because I like to adjust my tip based on the service provided by the server. The cashier then pointed out to me that this tip would go to my server. Okay, how do they know who my server is when we don't even have our seat yet? It was then another 10 minutes after we paid before we were taken to our seat. I put the receipt - with the tip labeled on it - down on the table and after our server asks for what drinks we want she picks up the receipt and looks at it in detail. I don't know why she did this. Like any person would, I am sure she saw the tip I had left. And like any person would do, she probably decided in her mind to give us a certain level of service based on the tip that was preemptively given. Overall, the service by her, the cashier, and the host were poor, but the man bussing our table was significantly more friendly, and brought us ketchup and refilled our drinks for us, and we saw him more than we saw our server.  Highlights and lowlights of some of the food:Maple-syrup tater tots - very good!Filet mignon - delicious, made me eat all of it even though I was stuffedFried chicken - it was very dry. KFC has better fried chickenMade-on-the-spot carnitas tacos - bland, not excitingLabels were inconsistent. Some foods had labels, others did not. The salsa bar had no labels.Sausages - averageThe Chinese food - my gf said they did this section wellDesserts - underwhelming. The best I had was the flan. The "thai" gelato tasted like vanilla. There was no honey display.Overall the presentation of the food was sub-par. If you have been to Wicked Spoon, you will understand the difference in the food presentation.I think this place is overrated. Wicked Spoon has a much better lunch buffet, better service, is cheaper, and has a similar ambiance. I would recommend you go to Wicked Spoon than Bacchanal.
3	Expensive, and kind of overrated. There was a very large selection and some things were good but nothing stood out as being stellar. The oysters were freshly shucked, but not as sweet as those we get in the Bay Area. The other item that people lined up for were the snow crab legs...which is the same thing that is served at Red Lobster, so there's that. Please remember that this is still a buffet (even though it's expensive), which means things are kept under heat lamps or over ice on open trays i.e. dry looking sushi. Pro Tip: Go early and get a ticket at the kiosk right in front of the restaurant and come back at the designated time. The wait should be less and they will turn away walk up customers at 8:00 because the queue has been spoken for. TLDR: Go to an actual restaurant, buy a steak made to order....that being said I loved having a million dessert options and I ate them all.
5	Great buffet! Tons of choices. Everything we tried was excellent! We went for brunch on Sunday around 10:30; line was reasonable and moved quickly. It was pricey for brunch ($80+ for two), but the available options were worth it. I would definitely recommend. Just make sure to take as much time as possible (they say 2 hours max) & try as many things as you can!
4	This buffet is awesome but the wait time is ridiculous.  They have kiosks now which tell you when to return and what the wait time is.  We got there around 4:15 and they told us that our wait time was approximately 200 minutes.  So we were to return at 7:30 pm!  Man a 3 hour wait is pretty ridiculous especially if you were hungry at 4pm when we actually showed up.  We walked around the Caesar's shops, opened up a Total Rewards card, used my $5 slot play and still had time extra.  We got back around 7:00 hoping to get seated earlier but the line to pay was about 30 minutes long.  Then the line to get seated was about 20 minutes long.  I was getting light headed at this point!  Health danger indeed.  The total rewards card gives you a dollar off.  If you are an elite member, like a diamond member, etc. you will not have to wait for this buffet.  They also gave us these little rubber things for your fingers to protect them when you grab hot dishes.The actual buffet is pretty great.  They have oysters, crab (warm and cold), prime rib, steak, dim sum, and sushi.  The oysters are not the freshest and one left a weird after taste.  The warm crab is bomb (get it in the italian section not the seafood section).  They are all sliced down the middle so that it is easier to eat.  The dim sum is pretty good.  The char siu is pretty tender actually!  The duck was yummy too.  There was some food that I had to skip over to save room for the best part... dessert!  The dessert bar is so fun!  I am a crepe lover so the crepe bar is awesome!  You can put berries, bananas, caramel, nutella, peanuts, almonds, and whipped cream on it.  So good.  There are little cake pops that don't actually have cake in them.  Some are marshmallows or rice crispies.  There is a red velvet whoopie pie, not so good.  My mom really liked the pecan tart.  There is also gelato and mochi ice cream.  Couldn't get those because I was physically stuffed!I am really glad that I got the chance to try this buffet but I don't think I will be back because the wait is simply too long!  I was in a food coma for 2 days after this meal.
5	This was our second time here and we had family visiting from Europe. We went for dinner and the line was very long, but the wait wasn't too bad. It was well worth it by the time we had the food. OMG!! Where to start! Let me start off my husband and brother in law were hysterical about the meats, they kept running back and forth for the brisket and sausages. Lol. The brisket literally was the moistest I've ever had and melted in your mouth, it was delicious.Everything we tried was very good, and good quality, we just wanted more room in our tummies!
5	The Wynn used to be my favorite, but the Bacchanal up-ed the ante and pretty much put it to shame. The sheer volume of food is impressive, but it's the authenticity and nuanced flavors in each dish that made it an over-the-top experience. I felt like I was taste-testing dishes for a celebrity restaurant. They also had many quality items that the other buffets do not have. Savory examples include fresh steamed crab legs, Indonesian rendeng and goreng, Paella (so hard to do well, but they nailed it!), Oyster shooters. Dessert examples include hand-crafted mochi ice cream (including Black Sesame flavor!), chocolate dipped strawberries, etc. Another cool option was the agua fresca selection in the Latino section - they had tiny bottles of Horchata, Strawberry Juice, Mango Juice, Jamaica, etc. I went on New Year's Day, so perhaps it was even more abundant than normal, but it was well worth the price tag and the wait to get in. Pro Tip: Check in at the kiosks early in the day so you have an approximate wait time for the buffet (can be up to 4 hours!) and arrive an hour early.
4	We came here for dinner a little before 3:30pm so we were able to get in before the crowd appeared. The seating was comfortable and there were a lot of food selection! My favorite of the day was kobe beef slider, second goes to prime rib. The chef who handles the meat was very polite and would grill my prime rib to medium well for me. I ate a lot of prime rib and kobe slider that day. The roasted chicken was good. They got a lot of seafood and they look fresh and good, but I can't tell if they taste good due to my allergy. The salad and fruit were fresh and good. The asian food section looks just ok to me, but I wasn't there for asian food anyway so it was not a show stopper for me. The dessert selection was good and tasted good. They also got bottled juices next to the mexican station and I tried a juice (forgot the name) and horchata, both are great!I hope they keep the quality and don't go down in the future. I am happy with this buffet. We actually got the Buffet of Buffets (BoB) pass and this is our first buffet of the pass. Need to pay $25 extra with the pass and I think it's okay. We hit 3 other buffets with the BoB pass so it's like I am paying only $25 to get in the dinner buffet at Bacchanal.Will come back again!Note: Our server was very nice and didn't ask us to leave after sitting there for 2 hours. I am a slow eater so I am glad I get to sit there for more than 2 hours so I get to try everything out without any discomfort.
4	Great googly moogly do I love this buffet. As a Vegas local I like to treat myself to a meal here several times a year. It's super expensive (over $100 for 2) so make sure you are super hungry before you get here. I have noticed a decline in the offerings over the years: no more freshly carved ribeye, no more crab claws, no more delicate Italian pasta dishes, and green vegetables have been phased out with more cheap carby sides like corn and potatoes -- but it's still a great buffet with great quality food. The dessert station is a thing of beauty. You can try mochi, homemade ice cream, crepes, chocolate dipped strawberries, cheesecake pops and more. Oh nom nom nom. This is THE place I go when I want to blow my low carb eating plan. On my most recent visit I ate 3 baskets of the sweet potato tater tots all by myself.Be prepared to wait in a long line. Try to go at "off" times if you don't want to stand around forever. And Pepsi fans rejoice: no Coke products served here!
4	How much would you pay for a popular & busy buffet with hundreds of quality choices?   A: $54   B: $74   C: $94   D: Anything ... just let me in the freakin' buffet alreadyBe prepared to pay any of those prices at Bacchanal Buffet cause this is the current "It" buffet in Vegas. Caesar's Palace can pretty much charge whatever they want. The line is KuRAAAYzeee. We tried to go for dinner Monday before Christmas and the line was 3 1/2 hours long. That's over 200 minutes. We read on Yelp about an "Express" option for $20 extra, but it wasn't available that night. We left.So, we came back on Christmas Eve for a late lunch. The set-up was different and line much shorter ... because it was a 25-minute line to put your name in for a time slot 3 1/2 - 4 hours later. The registration part is cool if you can wait. I can't. Luckily, the "$20 Express" option was available at that time. Whew! Seriously, I would of paid anything to skip the wait. So, after paying $74 for lunch per person, we headed to ... the next line. It took another 25 minutes to get seated with express.       This better be one hell of a buffet!            It was. Here's what I pigged out on for a couple hours ... Meats & Seafood - Chilled Shrimp - Chilled Crab Legs - Warm Crab Legs - Rack of Lamb - Oysters on the Half Shell - Prime Rib - Sausages - Chicken - Ribs - Mussels - Chinese-style Crab - CrawfishSides - Caprese Salad - Sliced Pineapple - Pho Noodle Soup - Turkey Pot Pie - Charcuterie Meats - Cheeses - Steamed Dumplings - Creamed Leeks & Lobster - Sushi Rolls - Cranberries - Sliders - Bread - Crab Benedict - Chinese BroccoliDesserts - Fresh Crepes - Red Velvet Whoopie Pies - Gelato - Creme Puffs - Vanilla Creme Brulee - Chocolate Creme Brulee - Buttercream Pops - Cheesecake Pops - Berry Mousse Tarts - Fresh CookiesBacchanal Buffet really is a great buffet. It is, of course, overpriced and hardly worth the wait, but if you want quality and choices like this in Vegas you have to either pay for it or have the patience of a very bored saint to stand in line. When you do finally get into Bacchanal, go nuts on the seafood and meats so at least you feel like you're making it worth your money/time.
2	First Thoughts: "Voted Number 1 Buffet by USA Today." Let's see about that. When we arrived at Bacchanal at 11:30 am, we had to wait in a short line for about 10 minutes to get our print-out slip from the automated kiosk. We had to punch in our party size and we were told to come back at our designated time. We were told for our party of 2, the total wait was about 47-58 minutes and we were told to come back to pay at around 12:25 pm. We came back at our designated time and waited to pay--in yet another line. This line took about 20-25 minutes. We noticed the party of 3 ahead of us had a print-out slip that told them to come back to pay at 2:10 pm. It was obvious they had cut the line and judging from their dodgy behavior--they knew it too. My bf scoffed and said they would probably be turned away at the cashier; they weren't. It was utter bullshit that while honest people, like ourselves, were waiting our turns, others could just cut in line and Bacchanal would turn a blind eye. The cashier did nothing and the kicker: they were seated before us.When it was finally our turn to pay, the cashier pointed out the tip section of the receipt and so my bf had to write down his tip amount--BEFORE we had been served. This seems entirely backwards to me. Why have your patrons pay for a service they have not received yet? You leave tips based on the kind of service received during the meal--not before. Nonetheless, this left an even more sour taste in our mouths and did nothing to mollify the frustrations of waiting in 2 separate lines to pay. Once the monetary transaction was completed, we found ourselves waiting in, you guessed it, another line--this time to be seated. This line was significantly shorter but it is deceiving since I had assumed I'd be seated after we paid. The hostess took us to our seats and we were greeted by our sever who looked at the receipt. She asked us for our respective drinks and I think we saw her another 2x during our 2 and a half hour meal. Ridiculous. As for the food, itself, the quantity and diverse variety is really impressive. I really enjoyed the Chinese section and was pleased that the chefs knew how to speak Cantonese. That's always a good sign! The XO green beans and stir-fry fish were stand-out dishes for me. The "wok hei" was great in both dishes and I went back for seconds. The shrimp har gow had a thick translucent skin reminiscent of some of the best har gow I've had in the 626. The char siu was also very tender and not overly salty and sweet. I went back for seconds (and thirds)! The sweet custard bao was good but my one gripe about the baos would be that they are left far too long in their steamer containers. When they are first placed in the baskets, they are good but 15 minutes later, the soft bao skin gets hard and crusty. Nevertheless, Bachannal has one of the best Asian sections in all the Vegas buffets I've been to. Other than the good Asian section, none of the other food sections stood out to me. Most of the foods were unlabeled so even if I did enjoy something, I didn't know what I was eating half the time. We were eating at 1 pm so Bacchanal really has no excuse to not put up adequate signage on their dishes. The Mexican and seafood section seemed to be pretty popular. I thought the carnitas were too salty and I liked the creamy rice dishes from the seafood section. Wish I could tell you what they were but you know, it's kind of hard to do that when the signs were not put up! The dessert section was entirely underwhelming. I thought the crepe station looked neat but I was too stuffed to try it. Presentation was not nearly as nice as Wicked Spoon's and I thought the containers full of candy (jelly beans, gummy candies and Hershey's kisses) was a cop-out. I want less candy I can buy from CVS and more gourmet desserts. The gelato was awful. I got a scoop of Thai tea gelato and it tasted like vanilla. When I had ordered the same gelato at Wicked Spoon, the gelato tasted authentic!  Also, my bf had taken me to Bacchanal as part of my birthday lunch. When we were checking into the kiosk, they asked us if were were celebrating a special occasion like a birthday or an anniversary. My bf checked "birthday". Nothing happened. No one acknowledged it on Bacchanal's end so why bother asking? If anything, asking the question made us anticipate something happening. We were not pleased. Bottom line: Go to Wicked Spoon. For the price of $32/ person for a weekday lunch, the overall food, service and experience did not justify the price or its USA today accolades, for that matter. Bacchus would not be pleased and neither was I.
5	NOM!!! This buffet is sooo goood! They had a good variety of everything to eat. My family took a mini vacay trip to vegas and decided to eat at this buffet. We saw the long line which seemed it would take hours to go through, so we opted for the express which was an addition $20. It was soooo worth it. We ate until we all had food babies. I loved the dessert bar with so many ice cream options including mochi!! They also had a crepe station so I put ice cream in the crepes too!! SO GOOOD!!!As for non-sweets, the had a great brisket that wasn't dry but really moist instead! It was really good. There was also the lobster with crab on top. It was one of the highlights of my meal. This is a must-go buffet for the next trip to vegas!
4	Upper end on price but food selection and quality were excellent as well as the service and overall presentation.
5	As a Los Angeles resident and a person who frequents Vegas quite often, this was easily the best buffet I've had.  The usual top choices for people were Bellagio and Wynn, and more recently, Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo. So you might be wondering what makes this so good? Everything. Let me start with the entrance. Instead of waiting for 1-2 hours in line, all you have to do is wait in one short line to put your name and number in a computer and it'll tell you when to come back. Our wait was 82 minutes. It told us to come back at a specific time and it even took our phone number to remind us. This is a win-win, you don't have to waste time in line and the casino will get you back in the casino to spend more money instead. Then you come back at your time slot where you pay the $41.99 for the champagne brunch. It automatically comes with the champagne fyi. Then you wait in another short line until your table is ready. After that you are overwhelmed with where to start. We were seated next to the dessert table and it was quickly drawn to the crepe station. Having gone to Europe in May, I was beyond excited. They crank out fresh crepes for the people and then you put on the fixins you like...fruits, caramel, chocolate, Nutella, whipped cream. The best part was the bananas that were already covered in caramel. I recommend taking the folded crepe they give you, unfold it, put in the bananas with caramel sauce and Nutella, close it, and some whipped cream and more Nutella. Then there is the real food. The Asian food was amazing - from the Thai Yellow Curry to the Pad Thai, to the Kung Pao. All perfect. Then they had this AMAZING taco station, carving station with bomb French fries. I will say that as someone who doesn't eat seafood really, this place had more than enough to satisfy me. Many of the other buffets make the salad bar, fruit area, and cheeses very prominent but the great thing about this buffet is that they had all of that stuff but it wasn't front and center. They gave more than allotted space to the real food. What really stood out to me was how authentic everything individually tasted. Usually when you go to a buffet, they have a couple really good things, but I could honestly say, everything here exceeded my expectations beyond measure. Each genre individually tasted so perfect. I can't tell you how on point the tacos were. From beginning to end, it was an experience I'll never forget. The one thing I will say is pace yourself, I did not feel good from stuffing myself. I got a little overzealous, but in the end, it was so worth it.
3	I think I am just a biased person about buffets, but I really didnt find this one any different then others. I do say they have good food, but nothing jumped out and said, "Hey! I am new. Eat me!". hahaha, just saying. I hate where the plates are and I also thing the glass is too low that it was hard to scoop the things out without spilling them. I waited in line for an hour and  I just didnt feel impressed. Not for that price and that wait. But I know a lot of people like it. I just dont think for me that it is worth the money.
1	More like BOTCHanal Buffet..Let me start by saying that I don't usually take the time to review things on yelp, because I feel other people will usually do a good job of posting accurate reviews.  With that said, I usually write a review when something is really good, really bad, or I disagree with the majority of reviews.  Here's my review:THIS PLACE IS OVERRATED!!!I've been to buffets that are 50% cheaper and have the same quality, selection, and better service.  Granted, we had a very responsive busboy and server.  But man, the hosts and hostesses could not count or prioritize to save their lives.  We ended up waiting 265 minutes total.  Then when we got to the front of the line, the "joke-stess" called forward a party behind us.  She told us we would only have to wait 2 more minutes, which turned out to be 30 more minutes.  We had to complain to the manager in order to be seated.  And finally, when the rope line was opened for us to go sit down, the hostess miscounted the number of people in our group by a large amount.  Whether for lack of attention or inability to count, they obviously were not running the place competently.  Similar to what another reviewer stated, we got to our table to find that there were plenty of open tables that would have accommodated our group.  We also saw that they seated a party with less people than ours at a table meant for 8.  O_OOk enough of the introductions--let's get on to the food.Many people seemed crazy about the crab legs.  I guess many people go to buffets only for the crab.  I go for everything.  Typically, buffet food is a little stale because it kinda sits there for a while.  For the price this place charges, you would think their food would be a little different......  not the case.    this food is your usual crusty-edged garbage that results from being over exposed to warming lamps.  The variety of options was also not impressive.  Even if there were items that are not normally at a traditional buffet, people didn't choose them.  They just remained in the heating lamps drying out.  My guess is that there is a reason some dishes are not typically served at buffets.   Overall, this place felt on par with other buffets that charge around 20-25 dollars.  Save your money, time, and the headache for something else!!P.S.- BE PREPARED FOR ANNOYING PEOPLE TAKING CELLPHONE PICTURES OF ALL THE FOOD.
4	The line here is ridiculous.LIke crazy long and then once you pay, you get into another line to be seated.Tis the life of a Vegas Buffet. You would have to come during super off hours to even remotely avoid an insane wait.Bacchanal is littered higher quality than normal buffet fare. When I say littered, I mean like the back of a girls' 2-door car. There is such an insane large selection, you would be crazy to attempt to try even 1oz of each item.With that said, I don't particularly think that all the food is ASTRONOMICALLY good, it's just for buffet food, everything is good. Tack that on to an absurd amount of offerings and I can definitely be a fan because of the selection.Macarons are here! YUMMY, they're not the best macarons I've ever had but for an all you can eat macaron party, this is perfectly acceptable.Though, this begs the question again, does any Las Vegas buffet have King Crab legs? Because this place was devoid of any.
4	If you want to eat here, you're going to have to plan your day around it definitely.  I love their inventive ticket kiosk system; its much better than your traditional line.  First, go to a kiosk and enter in how many is in your party.  A ticket will print out with a time; that time is when you can go stand in the waiting line to pay and then enter the buffet.  Be prepared, it may be a few hours before you can stand in the pay line.  But what's great about having a ticket is that you can gamble, shop, etc instead of just standing in line.Once your time is up and you get to stand in the pay line, you might have to wait a bit more before you get in.  On a Friday afternoon, they told us that after a 3 hour wait, it would be an additional 40 minute wait in the pay line.  So we just returned on Saturday for brunch and the wait was only an hour and we got right in after we payed.I believe the weekend brunch was $45 and totally worth the price.  This and Wicked Spoon are my favorite buffet places in Vegas.  There's a lot of great Asian dishes like sushi, dim sum, pho, pad thai, etc.  Crab legs are even on the brunch menu! They have the cold ones in the display but if can ask for the warm ones they keep in the back :)And you better save room for dessert!  There's gelato, sweet crepes, mini cakes, tarts, pastries, etc.  One of my favorites was a fruit cocktail in a mint syrup.  A great palate cleanser.A must try!
5	By far the best buffet I've had in Vegas.Definitely the more expensive one too. Has everything you can imagine seeing in a nice buffet plus more.Lines can get long during peak times so i recommend going there early or a little later.Make sure your hungry to get your money's worth too. Dessert is very good too so keep about 10% of stomach capacity left for sweets ; )Good to take friends, date, coworkers, and customers.
2	After spending 80 bucks per person ($ 20 for express lane) to avoid the 3.5 hr wait, you would think their food or service would be top notch, but NOOOOOO..... They are nothing spectacular to adjust for the money spent..... The lines to get the popular food are long, 15-20 min wait for the meats, have to wait for them to shuck the oysters every time, have to wait for pho because they ran out, have wait for cooked crab legs because they ran out...... wait, wait, wait....... and the kicker is they try to enforce the 2 hour dinning time on us while tables all around us were either empty or not clean up yet. Of the 2+ hrs there, we probably waited another 50 min just to get food, maybe they should worry more about improving their service and food and try to make customers happy... what a rip off...
1	We came here on Thurs. Jan 2 at 8pm and was told by the snobbish host that they are not letting anyone in without tickets. We told him that we are willing to wait and he said no.  We asked about paying extra for express line and was also told that it was not available. If you want to try this buffet, come and get a ticket like five hours in advance. We met a local couple and they told us they have been there twice. First time when it first opened and one more time recently. They said it is all for hype folks just like any new buffet in Vegas. I'm frustrated that they turned us and so many other people away.
4	crazy line! Expensive! The food was amazing. Lots of seafood choices.
5	By far the best buffet I've been to in all of Las Vegas, & I've been to more than a few.  Everything about Bachanal is 5 stars; the scrumptious food, the friendly & accommodating service, & the comfortable ambience.  My only regret is eating here on our first night in Vegas the last trip.  After that, no other Buffett could compare.Many, many selections from all parts of the world await you, & the host takes you on a little tour so you can see what's available.  I thought this was a nice touch. A few of my favorites were the snow crab legs which were conveniently cut in half, eliminating the need to crack them; the many meats at the carving station, including a tender, succulent prime rib & a flavorful brisket; & of course the delectable desserts, all freshly made by a French pastry chef. Can't wait to return!
5	Best buffet I've been to. The food was really fresh and presented so cutely!  It wasn't your everyday buffet food. Most of the items were imaginative and all of it was tasty. And that DESSERT TABLE...omg. Dishes were cleared quickly, servers were friendly. Price was reasonable, lines moved at a pretty good pace. Decor was gorgeous, with different themes like wood and glass. I'm trying to think of a con...um...The lights were kind of dim sometimes...?
5	Amazing!!! Amazing variety and excellent food definitely worth the money not in even in the same bracket as other Vegas buffets!!
5	CLAMS. CHOCOLATE MOUSSE DESSERTS. GELATO. FRESH PASTA/LASAGNA. CHOCOLATE DIPPED STRAWBERRIES. Are you salivating yet?!These are just a few delicious food options they have at this glorious buffet. The design is beautiful and so contemporary. The guys that work behind the counters are really friendly and funny. Almost everything here is decadent and amazing. Totally worth the price..you're in Vegas, baby!Admittedly, if you are the type of person who can only eat one plate a food, this probably isn't the buffet for you. I think I ate like 6 plates that day...maybe even more. I couldn't get enough of the dessert bar. The gelato here is not that great though, Rio's is much better. They do have macaroons which I know people love but I'm just not a macaroon person. The things I couldn't stop eating where the chocolate desserts, clams, and fresh lasagna. MMM MMM MMM!and it is included with the buffet of buffets pass but you have to pay a little extra to eat at this one.
5	They say variety is the spice of life and this place delivers.   Wonderful atmosphere however the music is a little loud for cross table conversation.  The hot or cold crab legs are already split so you do not have to crack it yourself.  They also have a wonderful little drawn butter dispenser. Shrimp were large and wonderfully delicious.  Oysters on the half shell, mussels, all presented well.  Lamb chops that were cooked to perfection and wonderfully prepared.  Prime rib you can cut with a fork.  Excellently seasoned clam chowder.  Meatballs, pasta, cheeses, breads, pizzas, oriental, Japanese, sushi, there is literally something for everyone...   And I haven't even mentioned the dessert yet. Carrot Cake, flan, cheese cake, custom made crepes, Apple pie, ice creams, red velvet, tapioca, key lime pie, and more.   But this is not your typical buffet, some of these items are better then high end restaurants.   Everything was fresh, well stocked, and frequently tended to when little messes were made on the bar. It was a huge buffet and if you don't go around the corner you may miss a lot of stuff.   I think for lunch we spent $32.95 and the dinner is $15 more they told us.    We got in right before dinner time. I would highly recommend this place to anyone.
4	Came here based on a recommendation made on Yelp.  This is a new buffet at Caesar's Palace and looks like they spent a pretty penny creating this place.I waited about 25 mins in line and noticed there were a lot of young 20-something asian kids.    To me that was a good sign as my fellow yellow brothas and sistas and I have similar food tastes (haha generally speaking).I sampled the goods before I committed to anything and surprisingly a lot of the food I ate was pretty good.The woodfired pizzas were actually surprisingly good (I mean who the freak eats pizza at a AYCE buffet?).  I also sampled the prime rib which was cooked well and to my liking.Even the fried chicken was pretty good.The dessert bar is amazing here... you can eat everything from gelato, to cheesecake and they even have freakin jelly bellies!!!My fellow asians and I were hoarding the crab legs as well... This buffet costs about 49 for lunch and is more expensive than your typical AYCE LV buffet but the quality level is definitely a notch higher than most.My only gripe is the crab legs weren't as good as other buffets... just my 2 cents.
4	Did you know that there's a 2 hour limit for this buffet these days? It's written in fine print on the bottom of the receipt. My lovely waitress had the opportunity to inform me of their rule as my family of 8 enjoyed our 4th round of champagne. Then she trotted off smiling like a goon. Hm... What does one say to that?! Regardless, I really enjoyed Brunch@Bachannals. There's a huge Asian section, and it's actually not bad. Dim sum, chow fun, made to order soup noodles, which includes an assortment of rice noodles, udon, flat noodles and egg noodles. Made to order omelette bar. And a pretty good spread of sushi. I really enjoy their Mexican section because they have these juices, horchata, watermelon, tropical, mango... ALLL FRESH! The seafood section was meh, good Alaskan crab and cocktail shrimp but for $46 for brunch, guess I couldn't expect more. I wish they had some type of beef or just freshly cooked chunk of meat for lunch. Complimentary champagne and mimosas for brunch! Not sure if it's all the time though as I went the day after New Years.
5	wow!!! best buffet in vegas so far. like how you enter your info for the ticket and come back to check in via sms, and wait wasn't to bad. said 2hrs,but luck was on our side i guess so we checked in about 30-40min. i was very pleased with the option of hot king crab legs. most buffets do cold, and it gets boring. oh, and their black pepper saute rock/dungeoness crabs are a must!!!!oysters were fresh and sweet, cocktail shrimp plump and sweet. a must for vegas again on my calendar next year
5	By far best buffet I've been to in Vegas. It was $90 for 2 people but it's worth it and it came with unlimited mimosas!! They have all types of food and the quality is amazing. They have this sampler plate at the meat carving station that I definitely suggest.  Foods range from seafood to dim sum to American food.  The ONLY thing I didn't like was I felt the pad Thai noodles were a bit dry that's all.There is a wait depending on when you go.  We went around 1250 and it was an hour wait.  But the cool thing is you can leave your name and # and theyll text you it's your turn to sit! It's awesome! Oh and they take your picture before you sit too and you have the option to buy them. 3 pictures and a case for $35. Definitely a MUST GO buffet here!!
4	Great remodel on the old Ceasars buffet! I was able to use my points from my players card and didn't know that my card works as a front of the line pass woohoo bonus!We were able to sit close to the buffet where multiple trips would not be too far to trek. First of all I have to say, anything with free flowing champagne will be a good time. There were the usual stations of Asian, American, Mexican food with fresh juices and fruit and pastries and desserts. I can't say there was any one dish that jumped out at me, but I could say the selection was something to brag about. The carvers had a selection if prime rib, slabs of bacon and turkey. Asian food was so much to choose from it was like a Chinese buffet restaurant all on its own.There was a mini juice bar serving horchata, pineapple, mango, agua fresca etc.  this was next to the street tacos maker guy. There were tater tots in these mini deep fryer baskets-super cute. I didn't have enough room to try the cheese station, but that section looked appetizing. I'd have to be here for hours to try everything! I kept it simple at the dessert area and just had a simple fruit crepe with whipped cream. Perfect ending. I don't think you'll be disappointed.
5	It really is the best buffet I have ever been to. The quality of food is very good, and the selection is ginormous. We came for Sunday Brunch and were very happy. They have more than one giant room full of stations. Our favorites include: the crab legs, huevos rancheros, waffle bar, omelets, make your own crepes, and bottom-less mimosas. It is pricey, but hey, it's Vegas. It's too bad you don't get a to-go box to make up for the cost. Overall, it's a great option.
5	This is by far the best buffet ive ever been to. Atmosphere is great and the decor is amazing. Their food selection is unbelievable they have everything. I stuffed myself with their prime rib and crab legs so didn't really get achance to try all their different food but i took little bites from my gfs plate and everything was amazing.Tip: at the seafood station ask the cooks to give you fresh steamed crab legs and they take a plate and fill it up for you out of the pot super fresh.
5	I could spend days at this buffet! So many options and all the food is so tasty. The crab legs, wontons, tacos, and dessert were my favorites. This is a definite must do when you are in Vegas if you want to try a great buffet.
3	Honestly, this buffet disappointed me. It definitely did not live up to the hype. The wait was ridiculous (you have to grab a ticket around 12 PM to get in for dinner, then wait another almost 2 hours to be seated), and it was pricey for the food it offered. They had some good food, but I was hoping for a little more in their selection of sushi. It left much to be desired, to say the least. The crab legs were alright, and the shrimp cocktail tasted a little odd to me. I really loved the desserts, pasta, potatoes, and juices in those cute little bottles, but those things were not worth the wait or the price. Our waiter was very nice and talkative, so I enjoyed that. I probably will never be back for this buffet.
5	There is a new "Fast Pass" like system for busy days. On weekends and holidays, you need to first "check in" at. Kiosk to receive a return wait time for the entire party to wait for a table. They text the lead persons phone when a table will be ready. This allows your party To go to the forum shops or gamble while you wait instead of wait in line. One bad thing is on super busy days  expect to get a pass time only to return 2+ hours later. Try to call to see wait time if anything. The food is still good and the service is also still very attentive! Kudos for maintaining food and service quality!
5	I have been waiting to go to Bacchanal for over a year now. Just recently celebrating their first birthday I have heard such great stories. Some of my favorite buffets before entering this one were others regarded for being "upscale" or "fresh" like the Wicked Spoon (Cosmo) or Studio B (M).  Bacchanal did not disappoint. I was scared about the wait for the buffet. They close at 10, and I was arriving at 7:30. I expected a 90+ min stand in line. Instead I got to walk up to a computer stand, input my phone number, and print out a ticket to come back and pay / wait for my table. 9:02. The time frame was right, but I got to spend the time relaxing and not in line. Presumable this is so that they can let their customers gamble and make more money. I enjoyed the free bench at Starbucks and stayed entertained with conversation with friends. Going back to line around 8:50, they let us in early to pay and sit. I still had to wait a solid 15 more after paying to sit. Sitting down I was served a drink and bolted to the buffet. It is only one side of the floor, but it is huge. I read before over 500 items, which is probably somewhat accurate if you count each individual label for honey and bread. Starting with ramen and ending with hot crab, I went back to try almost everything. Unfortunately I did not get to eat a mass quantity of any one thing, but got to try most things. I was delighted to actually enjoy almost every dish. Every dish I tried I probably could have eaten as a full course.  Many plates of prime rib later, the BBQ section was hands down the best, I made my way to the colorful array of desserts. By this point in the night a lot of the gelato was gone, but I ate a bunch of mochi balls, and a multitude of little plates. I loved the food. My only criticism has to be the price. Were this buffet 10-5 dollars cheaper it would be the best buffet, hands down, ever, period. I feel like you can get a similar level of quality at the M, but at the end of the day the price (and overall quality of food) is better here at Ceasars. I will have to be a repeat customer. It is just that 2013 was the year of the Bacchanal in vegas. My front desk man at the Riviera told me that they even closed their buffet because of people wanting this high quality expensive option like the Bacchanal. I hope that this trend continues and buffets in vegas all come to this quality.
5	This buffet definitely lives up to its hype. If you have the time it is worth the wait, or if you have the cash it is worth paying to jump to the front of the line. Really, if the line is less than half way to the back of their waiting area, it's probably worth waiting rather than paying extra, but I suppose that depends on your means. There's definitely an extra edge for the seafood lover, but the creative mixture of dishes offers something for everyone's pallet. The presentation is excellent with individual platings for most dishes. They are not the first thing that you will see or hear about, but the freshly squeezed juices must be tried. The lunch and dinner options future fresh oysters on the half shell along with muscles and a variety of other fresh sea foods. The sushi is of decent quality, along with a good variety of other unique Asian dishes. The cheese spread is only so-so given the exceptional nature of the remainder of the buffet. The dessert bar is excellent, with particular highlights on the crepes and gelato. The self serve candy station adds a fun touch.
5	Vegas is a mecca of food... and this buffet alone boost that they have other 500 items for you to gorge on! I don't know if there really is 500 items and I don't plan to count them anytime soon... but this buffet does have a HUGE selection! And seriously, like everything I tried was good!I've been here several times and it's hard to say if this buffet is better than Wicked Spoon. I think they are pretty much head to head and I guess it would come down to personal preference as to which place has more foods you like to eat. I've been to both buffets several times and even I can't decide which I like better! As far as the Studio B buffet at the M hotel that is also raved about, I think that buffet is nowhere to compare to Bacchanal or Wicked Spoon. I've tried Studio B buffet - I didn't like it much... Anyways, this buffet feels very open, airy, and the lighting is good. When you enter, cold seafoods are to your right, followed by American food, hot meats, Mexican food... follow the corner and you will hit the Italian, salads, and Asian food sections. You can order and customize tacos, pasta, and Asian noodles. They even have honeycombs here! The desserts here are also very good and I always take a gelato cone to-go!As far as prices, this buffet is the MOST expensive of them all!! Dinner is a staggering $51 and lunch is $32. If you have a total rewards card, it will take $1 off the price and give you some tier credits as well. I've never experienced a line here, but from what I read, the line can be horrendous... maybe I've just always gone at the perfect time! During breakfast/lunch, they have fresh squeezed juices which taste amazingly fresh! The only difference I've noticed between lunch and dinner were the cold seafood... since I'm not a fan of cold seafood, it's not worth paying an extra $20 to me. If I wanted to gorge on purely seafood, I would just go to the Village Seafood Buffet at Rio which is $45 because they have HOT seafood, including all the lobster tails you can stomach. Service here is good and they clean your tables fairly quickly. NOTE: This buffet is NOT included in the Buffet of Buffet passes. Breakfast is extra $15, Lunch is extra $20, and Dinner is extra $25. I've done the buffet of buffet pass before and I don't think it's worth it to use it here and pay the surcharge. Just use the buffet of buffet passes to it's full value at the other buffets and come here to eat another day. I think this buffet is definitely worth the try! I've gotten many people to fall in love with this buffet after trying it. I think by a small margin, I would say that this buffet wins when it comes to the Bacchanal vs Wicked Spoon buffet. It's like saying one got an A++ and the other an A+. Both are spectacular buffets. Wicked Spoon is however the original master of this new way of buffet - high end foods in small portions. If price is more important, than go with Wicked Spoon, dinner there is about $40.  I think that I would say that Bacchanal wins barely because they have a larger selection and a slightly more upscale feeling. They also have candy in candy jars! I can't wait to come back here and eat again!
3	Overhyped.Only word that came to mind after dining here.We lucked out and there was no line to get our name on the waiting list.  After that we waited two hours.  Gambled and drank for awhile and finally checked back two hours later.  We were brought in and seated in the back corner by the Asian foods.I was expecting my mind to be blown.  My girlfriend and I had been waiting since July to eat at the Bacchanal, so maybe we were expecting too much?  Everything seemed... meh.My cuts of meat were 80% fat.  Perhaps I just got unlucky with my cuts?To be honest, I enjoyed the buffet at the Wynn over the Bacchanal.Big plus for the Bacchanal was the dessert section.I'd pass on the Bacchanal next time I'm in Vegas.
2	Wow this was a terrible buffet. Are good reviews coming from drunk people??? Many dishes were salty and disgusting including the polenta, scalloped potatoes, and mushroom soup. Decent items included the beet salad and sweet potato fries. The crab rangoon was ok and the vegetable egg roll wasn't bad. The spanish rice was meh. Macaroni and cheese was nothing special. The one good thing about this buffet is the crab legs. The snow crabs were awesome, especially when you get them from the hot food area. Don't eat them cold!  Sushi had too much rice, fish didn't taste fresh. The dessert was horrible. Crepes were floppy and didn't have a nice crunch to it like other creperies. Whoopie pies were dry and too sweet. The little cakes were bland and dry. The chocolate mousse was surprisingly not sweet enough. The tapioca had a bitter orange layer on top that tasted worse the more I ate it. Even the souffles which were recommended to us by our server came raw in the middle - I'm really sad we waited 10 minutes for them to cook. Obviously they didn't cook long enough. Overall, we overpaid yet again in vegas for mediocre to bad food.
4	Second or third time here but I didn't think there is anything left to post about this (or any Vegas) buffet! It's one of the best ones if you like to eat till you literally can't get up, lots of choices of food, different flavors each with a lot of options, it doesn't matter from which part of the world you come from. And then there is dessert, if you really want to put a nail in your coffin. The wait is about 1-2 hours, the price is $57/person and the drinks are extra.
5	Bacchanal definitely raised the bar on Las Vegas buffets! Lots of variety from raw seafood (awesome oysters!) to made to order tacos to wide variety of meats at carving station to the endless variety of desserts. This place is definitely a buffet lover's dream come true. We heard about the ridiculous 2 hour waits from other people who have visited before and we also know of the $20 per person line pass available to those who don't want to wait. So we were prepared. A group of 6 of us went on Friday at 6pm. We were told the wait was 1 1/2 hours, which we were prepared to wait. But within 20 minutes, we were paid and ready for a table. After paying, we waited about 15 minutes and we were seated. Don't know whether the 1 1/2 wait was trying to scare some people off, but good things come to those who are patient! Our waiter came by to take our drink order and handed us these silicon finger holders to handle some of the hot plates on the buffet line. Once we gave him our drink order, off we went to the awesome buffet! I really enjoyed all the variety of food and cuisine. And the plating and presentation of the dishes were a lot fancier than other buffets. There's so much to choose from, so remember not to fill up too quickly on one thing! The buffet station is every dessert lover's dream! There was the typical gelato, crepes and cakes you find at all buffets. But Bacchanal went above and beyond. They even had mochi ice cream, cake pops, flavored marshmallows and macarons! So remember to save some room for dessert! Overall, I think the price is justified given the variety of food and the decent quality of everything. However, I don't think a 2 to 3 hour wait or paying extra $20 pp is worth it.
3	It's a fun place, good atmosphere but that's all.  There's a wide selection of food but most of it wasn't really good.  I could go again but next time to eat the seafood only.  I wasn't too impressed for the $50 price I had to pay for the dinner buffet. This makes for a good lunch spot tho.  It seemed like the beef and lamb chops were sitting out all day, which they most likely were as in most buffets.  The sushi was dry and had absolutely no flavor at all.  I give it an average rating.
5	Time and money are definitely worth it here. Me and my bfs wait time was about a good 266 minutes and it's about 54 dollars each person excluding the tax. They have almost everything you can think of here. There's the seafood section, Italian, American, Mexican, Asian and dessert. I'm a small girl but I made sure I devoured the whole buffet making it worth 54 dollars. I can't even describe how good or what kind of foods they had. You just have to try it. And the only thing I can describe are the  desserts. Omg there were macaroons, cheesecake, mochi, gelato. Everything, I was in heaven. Someday when I'm back in Vegas I'll devour the this buffet again. Also they take a picture of you before you eat as a souvenir. Which was also pretty cool. Memories of how I gained 10 pounds that night.
5	Okay, how can anyone not love this place???Came here for lunch on a Thursday - around $101 for 3 people. If you have a total rewards card (free to sign up) you can get a dollar off per person. I got my money's worth within the first 20 minutes when I inhaled a dozen oysters. Their cocktail shrimp were relatively larger than other buffets. They had a Mexican section where you can order and wait for fresh made beef, pork, or chicken tacos. They had a salad bar with actual fresh fruit - not all soggy tossed into a bowl, with more fruit being piled on top. They also served noodle soups - your choice of ramen, pho, or udon. I had the udon - the broth was on the sweeter side but nonetheless it was still hot and soothing. I was extremely impressed by their sushi section. It actually tasted REALLY good! Considering that I've been to dozens and dozens of different japanese restaurants and had sushi at other buffets, Bacchanal's sushi was definitely above average. On a sad note, they only had tuna and salmon. They had Philadelphia rolls - fresh. Shrimp tempura rolls - still crunchy, not soggy. Veggie rolls - didn't bother with those. They also had a thai section!! Pad see ew, pad thai, papaya salad - YUM!They had Chinese at the end, but couldn't get around to this point. There was also an Italian section with pastas and pizzas that I decided to avoid to save my stomach for desserts.Cookies - stale, so dipped in coffee. Macaroons - pretty good, somewhat soft. No chocolate covered strawberries :( There was ice cream or gelato, ice cream sandwiches, but was too full to try these as well. Hands down BEST, BIGGEST, BUFFET in vegas.
5	Amazing Buffet! Went here for dinner and just the way they serve the hot crab legs was amazing! My favorite area was the seafood. Being from the south, I've had better BBQ but everything else was so delicious. Quantity meets quality here. The dessert area had fresh gelatos, macaroons, and a bunch of other sweet goodness.
4	My first buffet in Las Vegas and I have to say I was pretty blown away for $30. The seafood selection was ok, but everything was of great quality and not over salted. I enjoyed the fresh juices (Tamarindo, Orchata, Mango, etc.) and the bbq selections. The prime rib was perfect and so was the hen and spicy sausage. I also had some shao mai (shumai?) and ha kao. I was also able to squeeze in some desserts and I enjoyed the chocolate creme brulee, flan, and carrot cake. The cheesecake was very mild in flavor and didnt feel right in terms of texture. It was too smooth. I wish I had a bigger appetite to try more since there was Mexican, Italian, and Asian cuisines that I missed out on.I'd come here again if I people wanted to try it, but otherwise I'll hit up the next buffet to see what others have to offer.
5	In a nutshell, DO IT!  I've been to plenty of buffets in Vegas and I was really surprised with the great quality and the vast variety of food of the Bacchanal Buffet.  Make sure you recon the buffet areas first and prioritize the locations that have the food that you want.  Don't forget to hit the high value targets (seafood, sashimi, crab legs, steak, prime rib, desserts, etc.).  I was surprised that when I went back for seconds, the kitchen had swapped some of the menu items for other great looking food, so it was hard to keep track of all the different stations that I wanted to go to.  My group ate heartily and we all agreed this is one of the best buffets to go to while in Vegas.  We didn't even have to battle the other patrons for the monster Alaskan crab legs or for the other expensive seafood items.  Even with a graduated price scale that correlates to time of day and day of the week, the most expensive time slot (weekend dinners) is well worth the price and experience.
1	I can't comment on the food because we didn't get in. We got here at 5 PM, added my name to the virtual waitlist system and my ticket said I had a wait time of 139 minutes and we should come back at 7:18 PM. Wonderful! Except when we came back at 7:18 PM, there was a ridiculously long line with a rude hostess. I asked her how long the wait is and she said 1 hour. 1 hour??? What in the world is the point of the virtual waitlist system then? I told her we had a show to attend at 9:30 PM and she said well that's your problem. Nice. I hope the food and wait is worth it for $55 per person. We left.
4	My second favorite brunch after sterling. Kind of hard to compare the two since one is based on very high end ingredients and other is just on a huge selection.So after waiting on line for literally 2 1/2 hours, we finally got our table. We did a quick tour of all the options and selections and were somewhat overwhelmed! The seafood selection was great, along with the grilled meat selections. Come to think about it, everything was amazing. Not sure if I would endure this long of a wait again, but a line less than 30 minutes you can count me in.
5	No wait for lunch on a Saturday?!? impressive! The best thing I ate here was the pho. Not to sound crazy, but it was the best, most delicious pho I have ever tried in Lost Wages! haha!! But in all seriousness, the buffet tasted way better this time than the first time I went in September of 2012. The desserts, gelato, dim sum, crab legs and sushi are my go to dishes. The meats and assortment of sausages were good. Honestly, there are so many choices, it's impossible to eat and try everything! Which is a great reason why you have to try Bacchanal more than once!
4	If you're looking for a Vegas buffet, look no farther. The Bacchanal buffet has an amazing selection of foods from all different ethnic groups as well as a fantastic selection of desserts. Just make sure you have a few hours to kill so that you can eat your money's worth. You won't be disappointed.Our group arrived at 2pm on Saturday and waited about an hour before paying $48 to get in, which included bottomless mimosas. After we were seated, we had noticed that they were transitioning from brunch to dinner, so we quickly scrambled to grab some brunch foods. The Asian foods were all really tasty, especially the dim sum type foods, but the sushi was average and the different fried rices/stir frys were good but not great. Moving on to the proteins, the prime rib was cooked to perfection, the steak tacos were great, and the sliders... oh man those wagyu beef sliders are game changers. The seafood selection was pretty extensive and the oysters tasted fresh, however the cold king crab was subpar in both taste and texture. The crawfish were tasty and the andouille sausage mixed in added a great flavor.Onto dessert, the fresh made crepes, the huge selection of baked goods, fresh gelato and assorted sweets were a nice way to finish out the meal.The servers were very attentive, constantly bussing our plates and refilling our glasses without needing much prompting.
4	Bahk-uh-null or BACK-ANAL?  If it wasn't for my friends saying the former, I'm sure I'd pronounce it as BACK-ANAL Buffet.We got there around 1pm with a part of 5.  The wait was a little more than an hour, not as long as I thought.  During busy times they'll have a kiosk where you input the number of your party (which includes an estimate time wait).  They ask for your name and number, and they will text you when your table is ready.  Also, you will be given a ticket regarding the information you just inputted.  The texting idea is great because my friends and me were able to roam around for a bit as oppose to waiting in line.At 2pm we got our text and headed over.  You check in with the hostess and pay immediately.  Everyone can pay together or separately.  At 2pm it was still the Brunch time and our total ended up being around $48.  The cashiers will give you this little rubber things to prevent you from getting burned when picking your food, but it isn't necessary unless you are sensitive to heat.  They had us wait in another line before seating us where someone asked to take a photo of us.  I later found out, they will try to sell you the picture.  Like really, it's not a theme park so no thanks.Eventually another hostess led us to our table.  Because it was our first time, she had the opportunity to tell us where everything was.  As you enter, everything is on the left in the following order: Seafood, American, Mexican, Italian, and Asian food.  The dessert is in the middle-right of the area.  This place was surprisingly not as big as I thought.  When we sat down we immediately ordered mimosas.  Unforutnately, the mimosas were lacking.  As others have mentioned, it did seem like those concentrated orange juice you find in the freezer aisle of grocery stores.  If you let your mimosa sit, you can the concentrated orange juice and champagne separate.  Geez, for $48 you'd think they would use fresh orange juice.Finally, it was time to dig in.  I decided to work my way from right to left.  To keep thing short here were some of the highlights for me of each area:Asian Food - Chinese food was good (but please, I can get that for cheaper and just as good in Chinatown).  Sushi and the other noodle dishes were on point.Italian Food - You can tell the ingredients like pepperoni were bigger and tasted more high end.  Here you also got your steamed crab legs.  If you give them an empty plate of it, they will fill the whole plate with crab legs so brace yourself.  The steam crab legs are worth getting here as oppose to the frozen crab legs in the Seafood section.Mexican Food - The tacos were freaking amazing, and they make it for you right there.  On the adjacent part of the mexican section, they have fresh Horchata, Guava Juice, Mango Juice, and Tamarind Juice.  All come in this cute milk jug shape container.  Try all of them!  They were definitely made fresh and sweet.American Food - Meat, meat, and more meat.  I gave them an empty plate and asked for some Brisket and Prime Rib.  They literally filled my whole plate with it.  I felt like I needed to balance all that meat so I got a small corn on the cob.  Both the Brisket and Prime Rib were flavorful, meaty, and juicy.  It did not taste as good cold, but there was so much I couldn't finish it while it was still hot.Seafood - Muscles, oysters, clams, crab legs, and shrimps galore! All were great, but they kept running out of hot sauce.  People kept taking them otheir tables and not returning them back. Grrrr.  The hot butter is on the corner in the beginning of the line, so don't forget! Dessert - I think the dessert area purposely serve small portions because you will be full by the time you get there.  There is someone making fresh crepes for you.  Grab one, pour some strawberries, drizzle some nutella, and add a bit of powder sugar and you got yourself a tasty treat.  Creme brulee was nice and sweet, while they had an assortment of chocolate covered strawberries.  My favorite one was the white chocolate covered strawberries with strawberry coated rice treats.  Lastly, they had ice cream where you can also make cute little ice cream sandwiches with them.  The person scooping your ice cream will ask if you want 1 or 2 scoops.  My friend and I concluded, no matter what combination you say (for example Mango sherbert and Chocolate), she is still bound to say "oh that's a good/popular combination." Haha.Overall, I along with my stomach were satisfied.  I would suggest going there around 1pm to get seated around 2pm.  At 3pm, they beging circulating and changing their menu for dinner.  For example, I had the crab eggs benedict during the Brunch hour.  But as soon as 3pm hit, they were no longer serving those items.  If you want to experience everything that would be the best time to go.Just remember to pronounce this place correctly.
4	This was my first experience at a Las Vegas buffet, and I have to say, I'm a fan! I arrived with a group of 5 at around noon and had to wait for less than 10 minutes. The entire area is very classy and our waitress was super friendly. The food is laid out in a bunch of different sections - Mexican, Italian, seafood, meat, cheese, cold cut meats, Chinese, Thai food, and desserts. I really enjoyed the soup noodle section - the pho was surprisingly good for a buffet, and they also had ramen and udon, which I did not try. I also went to town on the desserts, the green tea creme brulee was AH-MAZING.It was $35.99 per person, which came to about $39 with tax. For the large variety of food available, and in comparison to other restaurants on the Strip, I found it worth it.
5	Although I was here Friday morning, I felt this place would be best buffet to me so far!At this Vegas travel, I visited here and Wynn Buffet. If Bacchanal is 95 of 100, Wynn is less than 70 even I visited Wynn at Sunday bruch when more variety food time.So I will be here again when in Vegas at lunch or dinner.I especially remember the followings.- ramen and pho : broth is really tasty, but had to ask less than hafl noodle - cocktail shrimp : 3 times larger than Wynn and aawwsm quality- little pancakes: looks good and delicious- ha glow : small and tasty- smoked salmon : best I have ever so far- all other things: more than average
5	Desert you cant help!! Dumplings and drunken noodles are highly recommended!! The look in my boyfriend's face when we were here was just soo precious. A bit expensive, but I think its worth it. They have a big selection of food and desert with a great ambience. Loved it!!
5	I definitely think there are certain tiers when it comes to buffets. There's the below average, average, above average, way above average, and then there's Bacchanal.I am in Vegas a lot for both work and pleasure and always make it a point to try at least one thing new every time I'm there. I have been to Wicked Spoon multiple times, which was previously my favorite buffet. It is still one of my favorites, but in terms of Vegas buffets I definitely think Bacchanal has the edge.First of all, Bacchanal's line is not huge. Maybe I've gotten lucky, but every time I've gone to Wicked Spoon I had to stand in a ridiculous line. The kind of line where you run out of lives in Candy Crush before you're halfway through. The kind where you're browsing into several days ago on your Facebook feed and seeing news you've already read.Again maybe I'm fortunate, but the two times I've been to Bacchanal that never happened. Recently they've added a sort of kiosk system where you put in your name, number of people in the party, and a phone number and they tell you when to come back. This is convenient because you can do other things while you wait, rather than stand in line and play Candy Crush or browse Facebook. Heck, you can do those things any time, why do them in Vegas? Go gamble or shop! Then come back when your time has hit and get seated.What most, if not all, elite buffets have in common is that they have figured out that guests don't always want these dishes that are simple to cook in large quantities but not that complex in terms of flavor. High end buffets nowadays typically offer small portions of restaurant entree-quality dishes, so you can have a little bit of everything. Bacchanal offers a little bit of everything and then some. Cuisines from all corners of the globe are available at Bacchanal. I am confident that Bacchanal's selection is the largest and most extensive that I've ever seen. They also occasionally have freshly-made juices and beverages like mango juice, pineapple juice, etc., as well as horchata made in-house.The food is all excellent quality as you would expect. None of it is bad. The standard that I try to use is, if I got this as an entree at a restaurant, would I be disappointed with it? The answer was no, every time. Certainly there are some dishes which are phenomenal and some which are just very good (saying "just very good" feels odd to me, but that's the caliber of food served here).Some standouts in my memory include the truffled scalloped potatoes, and the mac and cheese (I'm serious). I know there were other great dishes but those were the ones that blew my mind. Seriously, I have wet dreams about those truffled scalloped potatoes.I will say, I think Wicked Spoon wins when it comes to dessert. I had a large sampling of the desserts at Bacchanal and they were all good, but I was only REALLY impressed with a few. The pecan tart is really really good. The flan is also really memorable - amazingly creamy but not too sweet, almost like a creme brulee. Ice cream is good but unless I'm mistaken, did not seem like gelato.All considered, a fantastic experience. Bacchanal is my new favorite buffet in Vegas.
5	By far the best buffet I've had in sin city. Five stars for the vast variety and quality of food, presentation,service with a smile, spacious and cleanliness of the venue. We got very lucky as our buddy was a diamond cardholder so he was able to walk us right through pass the long line.I enjoyed their oyster shooters, beet salad, caprese salad, sliders, sweet potato fries, juices, sushi, soba noodles, salami and desserts! They had a wide range from seafood to deli to dim sum to pho! Since we were in a bit of a rush to head out to our next itinerary, we had to cut our lunch short. I'd love to come back and try everything else!Women's restroom is located outside the buffet to your right as you exit.
5	I have been to a lot of buffets in my lifetime, and I can say that most places that I hear being the "best" buffet are generally 3 star experiences.  Lot's of options with a couple of high quality options, but the majority of the options having flavor and texture problems.  Buffets are generally a whole lot of mediocre food.This place is the best buffet I have ever been to, and the next best place is not even close.  For the record I am not considering Brazilian steakhouses to be buffets, I am talking about traditional American buffets.  Almost all of the food here is delicious.  I have only been once, but this place set the standard in my mind of what a buffet should be.  I will go again in April 2014, and hope that the food quality is the same as it was in 2013.  If so then this 5 star ranking will stay and I will tell everybody that this is the only buffet you should consider going to while in Vegas.
4	Round two! came here for my birthday and I thought the food this time around was much better during the Christmas weekend. Thinking that it would be crowded because of CES, but by surprised there was no line at all, so i think that made the experience a bit better. Then the price per person was much cheaper than holiday price. The crablegs again were just snow crabs -- it wasn't any better. The crablegs were all so skinny and NOT meaty at all. This time the cocktail shrimps tasted good, nice big plump shrimps. All other dishes were good as well as the dessert bar. The dessert bar is always amazing; my favorite part of the buffet. i would only visit Bacchanal during off peak season.
3	My mom and I came her during a birthday trip to Vegas and although the food was excellent and the ambience/decor was beautiful, I really don't think this buffet is worth the cost. We would have had to wait almost two hours if we didn't decide to pay an extra $15 per person to skip the line (which we had to do because we were going to see Absinthe after dinner). The dinner rush was crazy, but our waiter was still attentive and I was able to try everything I wanted.I have no complaints about the food and like I said, everything was nice to look at. But for being one of the highest-rated buffets in Vegas, it really wasn't THAT impressive. I feel like it just has a reputation and people are willing to pay so it will stay at the top of the lists but I'd rather eat at the Wynn or Mirage next time.
1	Worst buffet experience ever!Came here on Christmas day with my family. We registered at 3 and got in at 6 pm. As you would think this is rated the best buffet in LV, it should worth the wait, right? Wrong! I've asked the lady at front desk and make sure they serve King Crab legs before we checked in. But later found out they do not serve King Crab at all. I asked the seafood section they told me to check with Italian section. I asked Italian section they sent me back to seafood section. If you don't have it, just tell me you guys are too cheap to serve King Crab, please don't lie to me.I tried to find white fish and found they only have salmon. I was looking for sushi and found non of them were eatable. I thought I should at least find tons of fruit at this price point. Wrong again, fruit were very limited. We've tried all the food there and only found disappointment. I think my neighborhood's $11 buffet is better than this.I concluded my experience on this trip. Any buffet place crowded with tourists (Wicked Spoon, Wynn...etc). Don't get in there. They will serve you second grade food. Shame on you, Vegas! I miss the old day soooooo much!!!If you are looking for quality buffet in Vegas. Don't go for buffet places but go Sunday Brunch (Mozen, Sterling, Fountain...) and get your money worth.The one star is for the decor.
5	You really can't go wrong with this place.  They have a good variety for everyone.  You really get to try cuisines from around the world.  Sometimes the wait can get ridiculous inside and out so definitely remember to be patient.  Came here for breakfast and dinner before which was all a good experience but if you want more seafood, you should come at dinner.  The desserts here are also really good.
4	First of all the excitement, it is going to be a long wait first. I went first night at 6:30pm, which was a massively wrong decision. Gave up after 1.5 hours of wait without getting close to the gate. Next time we went 2:30pm, still had to wait almost 3 hours and be seated around 5:30pm. So if you are going, be prepared, and that's why it has one star off.After the leg soaring wait, the real excitement comes. The place look fancy AND the food is good. Food selection is awesome. Seafood, Mexican, Chinese, Sushi, Italian, ..... you name it, its most likely there.Highly recommend the mean section, they have great quality mean with huge selection. Also don't miss the dessert bar, they have macron, super tasty creme brulee and more. Just eating the dessert will get your money back. Worth the money, and Worth the wait.If you want to get in quicker, stay at their hotel to get in quicker. Or pay extra $20 for VIP. Just my 2 cents.
5	I have heard the words "Best buffet in Las Vegas". I try to avoid using this phrase, but Bacchanal Buffet. You had me at hello! :) THE BEST BUFFET in LAS VEGAS!! No Diggity No Doubt!Yes, this place is expensive. The most expensive buffet I have ever been too including Brazilian BBQ. Yes, I am cheap at times, but this place is so worth it. I don't mind if other people think it's too expensive, give it a bad rating, and don't want to come here. Good for the rest of us because then we won't have to wait as long the next time we go. Hater are gonna hate. New Reservation System!Type in your party size, name, and phone number in to the kiosk to receive a reminder text when your table is ready. Wow! Thank you so much! I hated my first wait here. It was only 1 hour which is on the low end compared to other people I've talk to. Now I can lose my money in the casino or watch the Seahawks kill the 49ers and go to the Superbowl while I wait. Too soon?VALUEThis depends on the person. Some people can eat! I saw a dude hold 3 plates at once. The majority of patrons are really skinny and I don't know where they fit their food, but if they can do it. You can do it! Forget about your diet. Think of this buffet as your Thanksgiving meal in Las Vegas any time of year. I wish it was a little less, but I am sure most people lose more in gambling than the cost of this buffet. I choose food over slots any day.PRICEThe price is around $55 person with tax for dinner on a weekend with a Total Rewards card. The price is less for weekdays and lunch time, but I don't know if there are any items not included in lunch. So, I usually get dinner. There is a $20 option per person to skip the line. I have heard this is a rip off. I have never used it but if I had the cash. Why not? If you have a lot of money and your time is more valuable do it. I do value my time not just in Vegas but I can't pay the extra bucks for now I will just wait the 2 hours. Breakfast (Monday - Friday, 7 a.m. - 11 a.m.): $25.99Brunch (Saturday - Sunday, 8 a.m. - 3 p.m.): $40.99Lunch (Monday - Friday, 11 a.m. - 3 p.m.): $32.99Dinner (Daily, 3 p.m. - 10 p.m.): $45.99 on weekdays, $50.99 on weekendsFOODI try not use the words "to die for" or "Aaamazinnng!!" But this buffet makes me weak in the knees. I rather eat here than gamble, shop or do anything Vegas has to offer. In fact, Saturday night I was planning the evening and chose this buffet over watching Boyz II Men. I know I will sound lame but I love the Asian food section and bbq section! I know am not eating the most expensive food, but I will eat what I like. I am not a garbage disposal. From the BBQ station get both the pork and beef ribs they are smoked to perfection. Also, I love the Asian noodles, roast duck, bbq pork, and ox tail soup. I never have room for dimsum but it looks good. I don't usually get dessert or crab legs because that's too common in every buffet. I always go with oysters or if I have room the steamed crab legs.  I highly recommend this buffet to anyone. I read this buffet took $7 Million to create. So $50 bucks sound like a decent price to live large.Note to self. Stay at Caesars Palace already! I have wanted to stay here since way before I was 21 and before the modern Vegas strip was nothing but a dirty road and water spraying mist on your face along the sidewalk. Well Caesar you have given me a reason to live like a roman emperor.
5	No words can describe how much i love this buffet. It is "The best buffet in Vegas". I came here on two different occasions and i am still in love with this buffet. Location is inside the Cesar's, the price for dinner is quite on the pricier side but for the quality of food they serve is definitely worth it!! I've tried many other buffets around Vegas and nothing can compare!!What i loved most was their Mini Cheeseburgers served on a Hawaiian sweet bun. I do not like Cheeseburgers but this one got me sold! They were so small, sweet, and delicious, every bite was yummy. They also have Lamb chops which i LOVED. Cooked to perfection, nice and tender. They have tons of variety and their dessert was to die for! They even have different flavors of Mochi Ice cream. ^___^This is def. my go to spot every time i am in Vegas!
3	It was just okay. We paid $45 each for lunch . I thought that the beef sliders were the best thing they had there followed by the crepes. They had a lot of food to choose from but it was nothing great.
3	There are lots of hypes about this buffet so we checked this one out! The line was crazy! It is totally worth it to buy the VIP ticket to bypass the line. So, first, you need to get in line to get ticket. So it said it would take an hour to have your number called. We thought it should be OK because we could go shopping around. But after that, you had to stay in another line to pay for your tickets and another line to be called. It took us 3 hours and 30 mins to be seated! I think the food was OK or a little bit above average but nothing was too special or I had to have it. The fresh oysters were the best I had there. For king crabs, go to Italian section to get the hot and steamy ones. They do taste better. I went there once and it is one time deal for me. That is enough!
5	I finally found the answer to "which buffet do you like the most in vegas?" BACCHANAL BUFFET is where it's at!The price for dinner now is $45 so I think it went up a little bit but honestly, you get what you pay for, and the food is really delicious.  They have steamed crab legs...yes steamed, not the legs on ice stuff going on, legit.  I also went insane on the peking duck they had...what?! how do they afford that?!  sorry ducks, you just had to get in my belly.There's honestly sooooo much to choose from and it's crazy how huge the buffet area is, it feels like it just keeps going. But that's totally fine with me!One downside is that they don't have the endless drinks option here so you do have to pay for alcoholic drinks, soft drinks are still free with purchase of buffet.  I definitely ate about 10 lbs after this buffet, so needless to say, bombdotcom!
1	I would have liked to review the food but that would be difficult.  We arrived at Ceasars which is difficult to navigate to begin with.  Arriving in the buffet area we are told to login and be given our time to eat.  We asked if their buffet was still included in the 24 hour deal and we were assured they were.  We waited 90 minutes to be called.  Then we were told it was an additional $30.00 per person to dine there with the 24 hour deal.  The deal was also $15.00 more than before.  So after waiting for 90 minutes we are told to eat there is going to cost 30.00 above what is paid for the buffet deal.  Totally ridiculous.  And by the way - to expedite your space you could pay $15.00 each.  And if you are handicapped - only one person may go in with you - the rest of your party can wait until they are called.
5	Absolutely worth every penny. One plate of food here is easily worth $60 by itself. Prime rib, shrimp, lamb, glazed hens, ribs, desserts, Chinese food, and Italian are all amazing. My friends were skeptical about spending that much for dinner, but we all left astonished and ridiculously full.
3	I went there for brunch on a sunday and I didn't like this place it was over priced and the food was sub par. Service was exceptional tho!!!The only reason I have it three stars is because my mom and gf liked it.
5	Yes, it's pricey but totally worth the money. This has been the first Buffet that everything tasted great. I was floored by how tasty the sushi was (I had a plateful). I loved the Mexican Juices, I drank my Horchata so fast! The desserts were perfection (minus the red velvet whoopie pie: I don't know what happened here). It was 35$ for Lunch, but really really tasty. Can't wait to try them for Dinner.
4	Bacchanal = A feast worthy of the godsDuring my last visit to Vegas last weekend, I made a stop at Bacchanal. I called them at 3:15 PM to check the prices and see how long the wait was. The guy on the phone told me it was $50.99 and told me about their new Fast Pass-like system that they implemented for about a month now. It's just like being at Disneyland! Expensive and has Fast Pass! If you're not familiar with Disneyland's Fast Pass, let me explain. You get a ticket that tells you what time to come back so that you don't have to waste your time waiting in line. Whoa, awesome!I don't know how and why, but we took a lifetime getting ready and didn't get to Bacchanal until about 6:00. I was happy to find the machines that issued our Fast Pass to return at 7:45 PM. You can even input your phone number so that they can text you 5 minutes before you have to return to the cashier. Very clever, Caesars. I see right through your ploy. Now people have time to gamble while waiting for your buffet! Lucky for me, I actually won three bills from the slot machine while I waited for the buffet. I was also able to squeeze in some shopping time during my wait.I got a text at 7:40 telling us to return to Bacchanal. A cashier took my payment, which was actually $52.99 per person ($2 more than what was quoted over the phone!!), and told me that the line would take approximately 40 minutes. WTF. Another line??? By this point, my husband and I were starving. The poor guy looked like he was about to faint. Since there were only two of us, we got a seat after 30 minutes of waiting. So, total wait time: 2 hours and 15 minutes. As other reviews state, the food is quite good. They have a meat station, seafood station, Mexican station, Asian station, Italian station, salad station, and a dessert station. Some things to note about the buffet: -I have to make a statement that their prime rib is superb. It's probably the best prime rib I have had at a buffet, and I've eaten at a lot of buffets! -Their seafood station only has snow crab legs, which you can get chilled or steamed. Unfortunately, there are no King crab legs. -Their Asian station has porridge and three types of soup: udon, pho, and ramen. Their porridge is quite tasty. I enjoyed their pho, although the broth was a little on the bland side. Two limes fixed that problem. Their ramen was not good. -Their dessert station has a made to order crepe station with nutella! Yum! They have mochi at the dessert station as well, but my husband said it tasted like supermarket mochi. -Ambiance was very hip with dance music playing. -Very comfortable seatingOverall, Bacchanal still has a ridiculous wait time that is slightly improved with their new Fast Pass system. Their prices are ridiculously high for a buffet, but the quality/taste of most of their food lets them get away with it. For now, this is one of the best buffets in Vegas.
5	Raw Oysters on the half shell and the workers shelling it were able to tell me what type and kind they were. Tons of seafood lots of fresh food and LAMB! Hehehe. The best buffet ever in Vegas. Plus their macarons were to DIE for! They melted in your mouth with a subtle flavor then flooded you with a strong savory flavor that made me go "Wow"! It's about 50 bucks a person but SOOOO worth it.
4	I need a bigger stomach. Bacchanal is overpriced and the wait is terrible, but I loved the food. It's not 5-star dining, but it is a fantastic buffet.Food 5/5This is the reason to got Bacchanal: the food. The variety of section is impressive. My favorite stations were theses- Seafood with crab, shrimp, and oysters on the half shell- Meat with lamb chops- Chinese with dumplings, crab, and noodles- Desserts with anything cause they were all greatService 4/5The people working at the food stations were extremely helpful and in a good mood. Our servers were ok. One host at the register was rude, but once we got past him everyone was generally kind.Price 3/5My husband and I went the day before Christmas for lunch. It was $54 per person and an additional $20 for express. It's hard to get $74 worth of food at a buffet.Parking 3/5Parking for Caesars Palace was free in the self parking lot. We had to drive around and wait for a spot, but eventually found one on the top floor. After parking, it is about a 10-15 minute walk to Bacchanal.Atmosphere 5/5For a buffet, Bacchanal is all class. Just don't forget it's a buffet. People were cleaning around the food stations all the time. Good food, service, and cleanliness will bring me back to Bacchanal Buffet. Until then, I need to check out getting a bigger stomach.
3	Good place but expensive.Breakfast (Monday - Friday, 7 a.m. - 11 a.m.): $25.99Brunch (Saturday - Sunday, 8 a.m. - 3 p.m.): $40.99Lunch (Monday - Friday, 11 a.m. - 3 p.m.): $32.99Dinner (Daily, 3 p.m. - 10 p.m.): $45.99 on weekdays, $50.99 on weekendsReally for a buffet.
2	$48+ for brunch on a Saturday.  about an hour wait.  they text you a little before your table is ready, so you can gamble while you wait.  that's about the only plus about bacchanal.the food was such a let down.  yes, there was a large variety, but nothing stood out about any of it.  i tried a little bit of everything hoping to something that blew my mind, but nadas.  wicked spoon trumps this buffet any day.  the green tea creme brule was the only thing i ate all of. service was good, though we did have to track down our servers a few times for refills.  honestly, for 50 bucks i'd much rather go to a different buffet.
1	Beautiful buffet decor. Love the text you when your table is ready.  But why does one go to a buffet at this price? You want amazing food.   The food is plentiful but nothing is great, it's all blah, blah with a side of blah. Sure you get crab legs(hot or chilled) sushi (too warm) dumplings (tasted frozen), pizza (cardboard) prime rib (no flavor) the rest is standard. Fried Chicken, Mexican, Italian, Chinese, blah blah blah.  Nothing was out of the ordinary, interesting or gave me that WOW I thought I would have. If I'm paying this price I want unique, non typical, amazing food. Mediocre doesn't cut it. Sorry Caesars, it's all hype and no substance.$58 was the price for dinner Sunday night. Service was top notch. $10 for tip total. $68 for one person.   $$$$
5	Went here as the first restaurant with my buffet of buffet pass. The line was long but fortunately they have a nice queue system so we did not wait at all. Just checked in, got a text message a hour later when our table was ready. This buffet is far better than any of the other buffets included in the 24hr buffet. I loved the shrimp, crabs and oysters. The macaroons were also top notch. Everything I had was above average except for the Asian section. Below average ramen and sushi, but that is expected when eating at a buffet.
5	Really good buffet food.  Almost everything tasted like it could've been ordered off a menu.  The hot n sour soup and some of the asian dishes were subpar.  The meat and seafood stuff here is really good.   We were going to purchase the buffet of buffets 24 hour pass just to go back here but we found out that there is a $25 upcharge to eat here each time so this place is a little pricy but worth it if you can eat a lot.
5	Bacchanal Buffet, I still don't remember how to pronounce it... Bac cha Nal This buffet is located in Caesar's palace. We came here for Friday's brunch which was $35 which wasn't toooooooo bad. Absolutely no wait at all either around 2pm, win win for my stomach. The array of food selection was beautiful! Since it was lunch time, there was a dim sum section, and OH my godddd, the shumai there was absolutely delicious, what I would do for those again. The seafood section was fresh and yummy. Kind of wish I ate more oysters now. I love that not only were the food delicious, THEY LOOK AMAZING, the seafood boil was in a cute tiny can, and the fries were in a miniature basket. Dripping cuteness. My stomach was about to burst but my stomach is special because it saves a huge section for dessert! I went straight to the macarons. Yes...macarons!! I definitely want to go back for dinner in the future!!
3	This Buffet was very good the design inside was amazing i love the look of the different sections. I only give it 3 stars because overall the food was good it didn't WOW me. But for the dessert section the sweets were amazing i probably tried everything there...it was so yummy. I would come back again but i just feel this buffet is overpriced.
5	AMAZING!!!! this and wicked spoon are the most amazing buffets in vegas. with fresh oysters, sushi, desserts, and anything else you can imagine you can't go wrong. Now the 49 dollar charge isn't too cheap but its worth it for Vegas. GO HUNGRY ;)you wil not be disappointed, located in caesars palace, its in a great location
5	Felt like I was in a dystopian sci if movie, filling me with fear and dread for the human race, which is precisely what I wanted out of a Las Vegas buffet.
5	Forget any buffet you've ever been to, it doesn't matter what you may think you know. This is thee best buffet EVER. 5 star buffet, from lobster clam chowder to macaroni n cheese to die for. If there was ever evidence for a god, this would be it.
5	I love this buffet so much that I ended up showing up 15 min b4 it closed just to each as much as I can because its that good . This is the buffet I look forward to the most in vegas as everthing is spiced and seasoned with so much flavor...hold on I have to pause my yelping to eat some more... im back.. I was able to eat around the world by sampling all the foods they have here. Italian , seafood, asian , american , mexican n more. I enjoyed the lobster bisque, lamb chops, duck, and sweet n sour shrimp, its all so good I have to cut this yelp short I ate too much I have to go and take a poo..
5	THIS BUFFET IS THE BEST THING EVER!!!!Although there might be an hour and a half wait in line just to get in, it's totally worth it. The OYSTERS and orange juice is the best part. I can't really say anything about the meat but the people at my table loved it. They have this ginseng soup that is pretty amazing as well. I don't see any cons to this place other than the wait to get into the buffet. Although the price might be alittle "expensive" it's totally worth every penny. This place is truly amazing.
5	Prob the best buffet I've ever been to.   Yes, it's $63 dollars a person but where are you gonna get high quality buffet food?  I didn't have 85% of the offerings cuz I'm not a big eater BUT I was left stuffed full of tasty Hot BUTTERED crab legs.  Dessert offerings were also wonderful. Staff is super!
5	Just Wow (once you get through the misearble long line that is).  So many decadent options ... definitely possible to eat your money's worth ... unless you're allergic to seafood (which I, happily, am not!).There are different stations organized by cuisine.  I ended up trying most things from each (and obviously some things more than others).  Not to brag, but my buffet prowess, though having faded a bit with age, is still pretty impressive, so much so that the people at the next table asked me at one point how it was possible I could still keep eating.  A few tips:  ~  DON'T start with the American station - that'll fill you up too quickly with all the fried, BBQ and starch (read: hot dog buns are NOT your friend).  Save tasting these for the end.  ~  Also try to go light on the dim sum and noodles at the Asian station and pastas/pizzas at Italian (though I'll admit I love Italian and the station was right next to our table, so I did break my own rule on that one - the truffled polenta and veal lasagne were delicious!!).  ~  The best bang for your buck is obviously the seafood stations - the crab legs, oysters, mussles and various ceviches are all super fresh and unlimited for your taking (and take I did!).  ~  The dessert station was a masterpiece of shapes, texture and colors, but only a couple of the options really stood out taste-wise.Despite this being a buffet, the atmosphere was quite classy and the decor ultra sleek and modern.  I thought the price was very reasonable (I think it was only $90 for 2, plus tip), especially considering bottomless champagne and mimosas are included in the tab.All in all, way better than the Bellagio buffet, which I enjoyed but is glaringly out-dated and out-classed compared to Bacchanal.  (I've yet to try Wicked Spoon)
5	We came again for their brunch buffet with bottomless mimosas. It was heavenly.I especially loved the plentiful portion of warmed crab legs they gave me. And the pork buns were exquisite as always. The macaroni and cheese was rich and succulent. The desserts were to die for - so much to choose from and none of what I tried was against my tastebuds.Great experience.
4	The night before - "Wear your tight dresses tonight because BUFFET TOMORROW!!"The day of - "SO EXCITED FOR BUFFET!"Four hours into it - "How are we going to fit into our dresses tonight...."AMAZING. Seriously. Bacchanal Buffet is the best buffet I've ever had. If you go in during direct lunch/dinner hours, the wait can be gruesome. However, I'll let you in on some cooooool thangs!Cool thing #1: They have a system where you can wait-list yourself and it will send you a text to let you know when you can be seated. You don't have to wait there! Go grab a Fat Tuesday and walk around (burn off some calories before you eat more heh). Cool thing #2: You can actually pay an extra $15 to get in right away, just ask the hostess to direct you to the "express line". Cool thing #3: If you go in during lunch hours, you can stay until dinner hour hits (at 3pm)! It's cheaper and you get the best of both worlds! This is the reason we stayed at the buffet for four hours...They have a HUGE variety of food and there was not one thing I tried that I didn't like. Not only is their food good, but their dessert is also delicious!! Even though I was really full, I couldn't help loading up my plate with different desserts. I was actually quite impressed with their macarons, not too shabby for a place that doesn't specialize in macarons. If I haven't convinced you yet to try Bacchanal, I know the one thing that will!BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS.(9/100 in 2014)
5	Best buffet I had in years! This is one of the best buffets I had in a long time. It's right next to Bellagio and Wynn standards. Great job in transforming into a high end buffet. Btw a lil tip if you wanna get seated quick and avoid the extremely long line then I suggest you pay the extra $15 and get the 24hour pass. So worth it.
4	The 6 1/2 hour wait for the golden ticket into this place is a little intimidating, but go in and sign up at their kiosk  then head out on the strip for some fun and come back.  I think that I ate like $25 worth of macaroons ( the green pistachio flavor is heaven), so that helped make up for the fact that some of the fun specialty items that I was looking forward to trying (watermelon salad and King crab legs etc.) but were not available. Some of the dishes were over the top awesome!  There was a creamy baked polenta with mushrooms and truffle oil that was to die for and the desert area is absolutely amazing!
4	Up to this point, i've visited almost every major Vegas buffet, and if I had to choose my top 2 Bacchanal would be up in there. This is what I call a TRUELY AMAZING buffet for a variety of reasons:The Food - The flavors are fantastic for every dish that is presented. They are given an unusual amount of care for even a vegas buffet, giving focus on depth of flavor and presentation. The variety is what you would expect from a super buffet, with one very surprising and very appreciated exception: It is a rotating/evolving buffet. What does that mean?Traditionally, dishes for breakfast/lunch/dinner are set during the time period. At Bacchanal, they bring in new dishes every 30 or 45 minutes in certain areas of the buffet to mix it up a bit. It's a very refreshing take and makes for a fun experience.The knock: Service. It's a bit lacking and it took me a long time to get my drinks, as well as refill them. I would have liked them to be more attentive.Overall, really good buffet and worth the price of admission.
4	Date & Time:  Thursday January 28, 2014 @ 5pm & Thursday February 28, 2014 @ 9pmLocation:  Caesars PalaceDining Companions:  Sister-In-Law, Brother-In-Law, Mommy & HusbandScene:  Groups in Sweaters, Leggings & UggsDecor:  American, Chinese, Japanese, Italian, Mexican, Fresh Seafood & Desserts Stations Including an Agua Fresca Bar.Service:  EfficientImbibe:  Agua FrescaDevour:  Oysters on Half-Shell, Prime Rib, Crab Legs, Tater Tots, Cream Corn, Macarons, Ice Cream,Total:  $300
1	Not sure how to rate a nice place and balance it with the fact that 4 out of 6 of our party got food poisoning. If they can eliminate the food poisoning part of the equation I would give it 4.5-5 starts.Anyways we had a party of 6 do a late lunch/early dinner on Sunday 2/1 at Bacchanal. It's by far the nicest buffet place in Vegas...except for the food borne illness potential. It wasn't the crab or seafood counters...so had to be either the meats, sushi, or desserts counters. The doctor in our group noticed symptoms for himself by 10pm Sunday and warned the rest of the group. By midnight I had symptoms. By next morning two others in our group were also sick with the same gastrointestinal issues.Would I go back if they eliminated the food borne pathogens? Yes. Could they though based upon volume and quantity? Probably not.
4	I really liked their prime rib and mashed potatoes.  I don't know the name but it was this one type of meat with the bone attached (probably rib meat?).  Also very good.I also likes the ox tail soup.  they had a variety of desserts but I love flan and theirs was good.
5	Great food! Nice atmosphere! Good service. Deeliiiicioussssss desserts. No complaints. Will definitely comeback the next time I come to Vegas.
4	food was awesome.if you go at the right time no waiting in line. alot of selections!!! and their desserts....Mmmmmmm!!!
5	If this is what heaven is like then I'm going to try my hardest to get there.  The crab legs and oysters were so fresh. I think I had 5 full plates by myself. The dessert bar was beyond amazing (i'm not much of a dessert person either). I don't think I even ate half the stuff there.  Can't wait to come back to try the half.
5	Absolutely superb.7 Restaurants for the price of one really. When you think about that and how long you can sit around eating top quality food, the price is actually pretty reasonable. $50/person for a dinner may seem like a lot, but i'm more than willing to pay it to eat at Bacchanal. Similarly there will be a line a mile long to eat at the buffet, but the line moves and it is so well worth the wait. There's something for everyone, from fish and shellfish to steaks and meat loaf. From sushi to pasta to tacos. The food's delicious and you'll want to keep going back for more. My favorites included the rigatoni with sausage, some of the Asian dishes, and the carne asada tacos. But for me, the highlight, the cherry on top, is the dessert station. Those warm cookies are heavenly. And then to add a bit of ice cream on top.....perfection.Bacchanal is the one buffet worth going to. GO AND ENJOY!!
4	This place is an experience. We walked up on Super Bowl Sunday and hot brunch. It is about $55 a person with tip. If you judged each individual item, about half would be below a B-  that being said, the compilation of items as a whole is more like an A-  Desert bar was very impressive. The defining characteristic of this place is the shear mass of food and it was good. Oh yea, Mimosa's included in price. It was well worth a visit. I would not do it often though. I spent 2 hours and 15 minutes eating like a glutton.
2	We went to the Bacchanal Buffet yesterday to celebrate my Birthday.  We have eaten thee about 6 times last year (June thru October 2013) and after getting shut out (3-4 hour waits which we would not do), my friends and my wife were very anxious to have a great buffet experience again.Wow, what a disappointment!  It felt like a new manager was aboard and decided to cut back on a lot of things too save money!  The lamb chops which have always been delicious and melt-in-your-mouth-tender were tough, very tough!  I usually eat 7 or 8 ribs, but yesterday I couldn't eat two and most of it I left on my plate.  The hot crab-legs were tasteless as if they had been soaking in the pot of water for days.  The corn on the cob, which is usually sweet and crispy, was tough and tasteless!  I could not get a rare piece of prime rib.  A reddish piece of prime rib does not mean it is rare!Since it was Chinese New Year's, the Asian offerings were tremendous.  The roast duck was its usual good and tasty.  The dim sum area was increased and good although I think the skin they use to wrap the dim sum was too thick and gooey.  The other offerings (garlic crab legs, pig's feet, etc.) were excellent.  I also had a bowl of Ramen tonkotsu noodle soup made up for me and it was very, very good.  I had 4 helpings of their miso marinated steamed seabass, which was delicious!Of course, since the buffet is the largest buffet in all of Las Vegas, there were enough other things to eat that were delicious that we all ended up stuffed.  BUT our favorites were disappointing.  I hope our next visit, if we can get up the nerve to try it again, will not be disappointing.
4	Solid.  Pretty good but not mind blowing. My favorite items were the beet salad (so Californian of me) and the macaroons.  Hey it's a buffet, so I had to get one of each flavor.  Lots of variety like you would get from most buffets in Vegas.  This one has a lot of Asian options, maybe because I was there around Chinese New Year?!  Definitely something for everyone!
5	Last meal in Vegas at Caesars and it was so good!!! This is about the only thing I will miss this time.  You got my money and won't give it back!  This buffet had everything you can imagine.  From seafood, large shrimp, pastas, great salads, Asian cuisine, Mexican, pizzas, breakfast buffet, tons of desserts, and on and on and on.....Monday thru Friday the price was $25 each, then Saturday and Sunday it went up to $50 each, but all you can drink mimosas and crab legs was added to the menu.
5	We travel to Vegas a few times a year and are frequent visitors to the buffets at various hotels. We were recommended Bachannal by a friend and had a chance to stop by last time we were in Vegas. A bit on the pricey side and the wait can be 2+ hours sometimes, but HANDS DOWN BEST BUFFET I've been to in Vegas. Great selection, quality foods and very clean/well put together inside. We can't wait to go back!
2	I am not sure why everyone feels that this is a great place for dinning.  Personally, I feel that I can spent my money in a much better place.  After dinning in this place it just confirms my opinion that buffet does not offer quality food. The buffet does offer a very wide variety of food choices and if that's all you look for in food than this is the place for you.  If you seek quality...you will not find it here.  I know thAt one can have spend $50 at a much better place.
5	Been to many of the buffets at Las Vegas, but this was by far the largest I've ever been too! So many selections and all the food was top of the line. Being from Texas I'm a hard judge on BBQ and this place held it's own! The brisket was smoked and juicy and the short ribs were to die for! Word of advice get small portions so you can try a little bit of everything, they have fresh made to order street tacos that were incredible! Overall wonderful experience and upscale environment. It's a must do when coming to Vegas!
4	SO I've been the place where everyone says to go..Bacchanal Buffet. I heard crazy stories of the wait and the food..but impressively enough, there was no wait for Saturday during lunch time. Super nice!I was impressive by the size and decor of the place. very cute and simple lines which i loved. They had a whole bunch of neat presentations and little finger hot plate grabbers. (use them..plates are HOT). The american food there was a-ok in yelp terms. The fries were superrrrr salty, even for my husband, king of salt. the eggs, the benedict, and burger was all what you would expect..nothing too delicious stood out. THe carving station is always a good bet when you go to a buffet. the crab legs were good. they cut them in half length-wize so it was super easy to eat. We got a ton of those.The Italian food was very generic too, the pizzas and breads were good, the pasta was ok. The asian food is where it it at. I loved the PHO. it was perfect. If I had known, I would of gone there first, middle, and LAST. the sushi was ok, but i never am too impressed with sushi at a buffet. The Chinese food was pretty good tho. Now the glory of the desserts! I think the dinner desserts are better, but the gelato was good. The chocolate was toooooo sweet and decedent for my sweet tooth. OVerall I think this place was good, i think people hyped it up too much so I was expecting the food to be way better than it was, but for a buffet, I have to say I would come back here.
5	Ever since moving to Southern California, we've been frequent visitors of Las Vegas and we've tried many buffets.  If you are ever visiting the Las Vegas Strip and you only have time for 1 buffet, then this is one to go for.  You should definitely go here at least once in your life; it's totally unforgettable and well worth the money that you are spending.  By the way, you can save on the cost if you get the total rewards card.  Not to mention, for all the crab that you can eat, it's well worth the $45/adult!  Ages 3 and under are free, while ages 4-12 cost like $23.  There's also Asian cuisine here, which is actually pretty good.  There's a lot of good meat here; in fact, the meat was so addicting that I got diagnosed with gout shortly after eating here last time.  It's okay; now, I eat meat again.
4	Ok, the early hype about greatest buffet ever was probably a bit more than deserved. Overall food was good, but I would expect that for over $50 per person for dinner. Asian food was OK. You'll find better at mid priced Asian buffets in California. Grilled meats and seafood bar were very good as was the dessert station. If I had to wait two hours, then it would have not been worth it. New system when l where you register and come back later worked well. No wait to register and we paid and were seated with 10 minutes of return.Overall, for the price I'd say 3.5 stars but with the short wait for a Saturday, I will round up to 4 stars.
4	Without a doubt, the best buffet in Vegas now.No contest.Puts other casino buffets to shame.People reading this 3 months from now will think I'm a lying prick, but let this document serve as a testament that at this point in time and space, Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's is the most kick-ass buffet in town.As we all know, things in Vegas have a way of changing, sometimes from minute to minute.  When the next mega-resort opens, the crown will certainly change, but it will definitely take a page from Bacchanal's playbook.Caesar's has upped the bar for what Buffet's can and should provide.It ain't cheap, over fifty bucks a head for dinner, but you get Kwality, with a capital "K"!Rumor has it that Caesar's spent over $17million on the remodel and food upgrades.  The money was well-spent.  Selection is mind-boggling.  Most items are made in small batches to maintain quality and freshness.I also like the fact that the kitchen seems to allow some discretion with the menu.  Not all the offerings are directed towards the Western palatte, and as many of the cooks are Mexican, Filipino, or Chinese, some offerings are more "ethnic" than what you'd expect.  I had a Mexican menudo soup that rivaled anything served at my local tacqueria!  When I told the timid midwesterner that it was tripe soup, she nearly fainted... I like that the kitchen takes chances like this.  All of their food may not appeal to the average joe, but there's interesting and tasty stuff on the menu if you keep your eyes and mind open.During peak Vegas season, plan on eating at oddball times (e.g. 6am breakfast or 3pm dinner), if you don't like waiting in lines.  Otherwise, plan on at least a 2-3 hour wait.  Caesar's does have a neat computerized reservation kiosk that will text you when to return, but it only means that you return to a 30-40 minute line...So either spend like a whale at Caesar's to get comped line passes, or plan accordingly.  You have been warned.One warning, stay away from the peanut butter stuffed chocolate cookies at the dessert bar.  Those little bastards are more addicting than heroin.
5	We bought the 6 buffets in 24 hours deal. We paid the extra cost in order to try this buffet. It was worth it - probably double! A never ending array of everything you could crave. And not the seasonless, cheapest costing foods that they can make the most money on type of food.  Everything was so delicious - I can't wait to go back!
3	It's my first time trying this place. The machines to sign up was pretty much all having issues. The only way to bypass the issue is if you put down some event, such as a birthday or anniversary on it. The food was mediocre and their truffle items was overpowered with all truffle. Their hot boiled crab legs came out smoking, but was really luke warm.I don't think I would come back here again anytime soon.
5	Hands down, best buffet in Vegas. Haven't tried it? What are you waiting for!?FOOD: Selection is overwhelming in a good way. Love how they separate the "hot" crab legs in a different section which helps with the lines. A few highlights, the Asian soups are surprisingly good, for example the Pho. We all know how long it takes to make the broth and Bacchanal is on point. The best prime rib still goes to the Wynn and Bellagio though, Bacchanal lacks marbles. Also, dessert bar is amazing. Mochi ice cream ftw. AMBIANCE: Nice decor, not over the top but effort was made. Casual dress with a casual atmosphere. SERVICE: I love their new ticket system. Prior to it, you had to wait in a fat gigantic line ranging from 1-3 hours. Now, it's like the Disneyland fastpass system. Walk up to the machine, grab a number, and come back when it's your turn. From that point, it's another 20 or so minutes (depending on time of course). PARKING: Never stayed at this hotel, but all Vegas hotels have free parking. Overall: If you had one buffet to go to in Vegas (or anywhere for that matter), make it Bacchanal.
5	Can't come to vegas without eating at Bacchanal! I recommend this buffet to anyone who has never tried it because I promise they won't be disappointed. Yes, it is always packed and there is always such a long wait but honestly any buffet worth it's salt is going to have tons of people wanting to eat there. They actually improved their system by installing these kiosks at the front. You put your name and number of people in your party and it tells you when to come back. Faster and you don't waste your time standing in line, you can go take a nap or gamble or do whatever you want. Yes, it is a bit on the pricey side but honestly for the variety and quality of food they offer I think it is so worth it. I love their seafood offerings, especially the oysters and crab legs. After a dozen oysters, I feel like I've gotten my money's worth right there. The charcuterie section is fun to nibble on and I'm a sucker for the Asian food section...pho, ramen, and porridge. What other buffet really has that?! Not to mention, the dessert offerings are to die for. I try to leave more than enough room for dessert because I want to eat EVERYTHING! Bacchanal is food heaven to me.
5	Best buffet I've ever had! Really pricey but the seafood is so fresh and the quality of everything was top notch. There were very very few things I had that I didn't like. The highlights were the duck, fried rice, spicy tuna sashimi, and gelato. My husbands only complaint was he wished they had lobster (we went on a Thursday so maybe they have it on the weekends). I feel it is well worth the money and line :)
4	I'd give Bacchanal a 3.5 star rating if I could.  I visited 3 buffets while in Vegas and this one was the best by far.We came around 8pm on a Thursday.  The wait was only 15 minutes.  However, I was not very pleased with the waitstaff.  No one approached us for the first 15-20 min we were there and we kept trying to flag someone down for water, but they were all rushing around with their heads down.  Annoying.  The waitress we did have was about as friendly as an angry lion...The food was pretty good though.  I was expecting to be blown away, as indicated by most of the reviews and pictures.  There were lots of dishes for the Chinese New Year and the dim sum were delicious.  I liked that they had made-to-order stations for different soups (pho, congee, etc) but no one was around to serve them.  Prime rib was decent- it had a nice salt crust on it, but wasn't very tender (surprisingly the best prime rib we had was at the Spice Market buffet at Planet Hollywood!).I am a big seafood lover, so I took full advantage of that area.  The crab legs were pretty standard.  The shrimp were big and very flavorful.  Mussels were small, but fresh.  I was amazed to see that they had oysters, but not so impressed that 2 of them I had were not shucked very well and I got a bit of grit and shell when I slurped... Not good eats.I think I'd be willing to return to Bacchanal, but there are a lot of other great restaurants in Vegas!
2	We are always in Vegas and decided to try the new buffet at Ceaser's. We were very disappointed. We were very happy upon arrival to see how large the buffet was, and yes they had a large selection of food. The biggest annoyance of this place was that only about 30% of the food was labeled. I have food issues so I need to know what I'm about to eat. I can't imagine I'm the only one that wants to know what kind of food they are about to consume. Of what I tried that was labeled, most of it was good. I had lobster benedict which was very tasty. My boyfriend had crab benedict and watermelon juice which he enjoyed. The pancakes however were crispy and the shrimp iny shrimp and grits was very mealy and tough. All in all I would not return simply because I like to know what I'm eating. I'll stick to Wicked Spoon down at Cosmo.
4	This place is very decent for a buffet. It's hard for buffet food to be tasty since they are left under hot lamps and just overcook. The grill station was good: lamb chops, beef ribs, prime rib. The crab legs were just average. Don't come here if you are just paying to stuff yourself of crab legs. With the same amount of money, go to costco & buy some king crab legs. The cocktail shrimps were okay. Lots of selection for dessert, but nothing really stood out.
5	Their Asian selections are amazing.
2	Sadly disappointedNot sure if it was an "off" night for this 4 star yelped restaurant but I was quite surprised.  Someone needs to tackle quality control.Nothing seemed fresh, the food looked as though it was presented well, but tasted like stale leftovers (I hate leftovers).  ALL the cut  meats were completely dried out and tough (yes.. Ribs, prime rib, turkey.. Dry and tough).  The Asian cuisine made me sick.. Seriously the only things worth eating 1) pizza was editable, and 2) the ice cream was yum.I will not be returning!
1	Really? Is this really the 'best buffet in Vegas?' This place was a huge huge huge disappointment. The first time I came here, I waited an hour in line and then ended up leaving when I found out the line was another 2 hours...ugh. This past time, I was happy to see that you could get a slip of paper with a time to come back so you could go do other things for awhile and come back. Great idea! We came back 90 min later... only to find out that there were 2 more lines to wait in. Seriously?!?! Why even have the paper? Just call me when you are actually ready. We waited another 45 min or so to pay ( a ridic 65$ ish with a prepaid tip) and be seated. Why? They kept letting people ahead who paid to skip the line. That is ridiculous and infuriating. Anyway, when we finally got in, we were overwhelmed by the amount of food there. It was a ton. Unfortunately, pretty much none of it was good. There was one dumpling I got that was good, but upon returning, they didn't have anymore. Tried to ask of they had more and the man behind the counter claimed a different dumpling was it (not the case, clearly...one was shrimp one was pork). The pastas were all disappointing...flavorless..boring. The pho was ok, but the ramen was gross. The lamb chops were way underdone...super red...ew. Poor lambs. The seafood was overly fishy...not too fresh. The Mexican food was awful... my friend actually spit it out. The only good items were the mac and cheese, the cheese (duh), and the yellow curry. The desserts were a joke...flavorless again. The service was awful. We never got a refill on our drinks. Plates sat on our table ready to be cleared for a long time. I would never go back here and never recommend.
5	What is there not to love about this buffet? Ok maybe the price is steep and the wait is ridiculously long but its well worth it. Wicked Spoon use to be my favorite buffet in Vegas but sadly its been going down hill over the past few years. Luckily Bacchanal came along. I miss how when it first came out it wasn't as crowded. Now the wait is like 4 hours. At least they have a kiosk where you can put your name on the wait list, what is cool is that if you have a US number they can text you when they're ready for you. The only downside is you have 15 minutes to check in and the estimate is not very accurate. One time we got a text 40 minutes before the estimated time and there was traffic. The last time we got a text about an hour and a half earlier than expected and we were across the strip. We made it both times though whew. I usually don't eat peeled shrimps at buffets they're just unappealing to me but it;s sooo good here and they're big. Love their juice in little jugs, the horchata one is good. There is a lot of variety of food and the quality is good. Not many buffets have good desserts but they have fairly good desserts here especially the ice cream! I think they replaced the mochi ice cream with ice cream sandwich, I prefer the mochi. They now have shaved ice!!!! Pretty tasty and the green tea flavor was on key. I wish they have more toppings though such as fresh fruits. The macarons aren't too shabby some aren't extremely sweet. Its hard to find macarons that aren't overly sweet.
4	If the fresh corn tacos are there. You need to get it. ASAP. Amazing with beef and pico de gallo. -Lamb was also excellent, even for a buffet. Medium rare and very flavorful. -salmon and tuna sashimi were on point. I usually never trust sushi at buffets, but it had me coming back for more. So fresh.-udon was a bit off. So was the ramen. I thinks the soups went bad or something.-miso cod was hard and extremely salty with the miso.-try the TRUFFLE SCALLOPED POTATOES. I was crying tears of joy after the first bite.Went here on a Thursday and got in after 15minutes. Wouldn't dare coming here on a weekend. Some people wait up to 3 hours. I don't think it's worth that long however.
5	One of the best restaurants ive ever ate at. Worth any price! The food, service, and dining was just amazing!!!! Cant wait to come back!!!!!
5	Came on a Tuesday night and paid about $55 (without tip). Sounds like a lot of money, but trust me, you have to go to this buffet if you're in Vegas :D Spend 2 hours and you're GOOD! I thought it was funny how one of the host took a picture of me and my friend. Apparently, they were one of the top buffets, so they were celebrating haha. Right when you enter, you see all the DELIGHTFUL seafood - oysters (YES!), clams, king crab legs, mussels, shrimp, etc. Don't forget your cocktail and tarter sauce. I ate my oysters with EXTRA lemons and sriracha - yum! Then you head towards the meat station. Prime rib, lamb chops, assorted sausages (kielbasa), etc. They have FRIES, SWEET POTATO FRIES, and TATER TOTS! Ahh! Next to that station is MEXICAN food! Custom made tacos. Omg... If you go into the next room area, you find Italian and Asian food. Geez, does it get any better? Pastas, assorted cheese/salami/prosciutto, variety of salads, udon, ramen, SUSHI SUSHI SUSHI, rolls, shu mai, dumplings, egg rolls, stir fry, etc., etc., and etc. In the middle of the buffet, you find a dessert bar. Macarons, crepes, cookies, ice cream, mini treats, chocolate covered strawberries, etc. Eat. Talk. Eat. Dessert break. Eat. Eat once more. End with a delicious dessert. :D Enjoy!
1	Beware physically challenged people! The policy of Caesars Palace is that if you are physically challenged and using a cane, a Walker , or a wheelchair, you will be allowed in by yourself, however if you are with somebody else they will have to pay an additional $20 to go through the handicap line with you. This can be very problematic, especially if you are a diabetic and have to eat at a certain time with medications and insulin. I can see this for presenting a problem in light of the expense of the meal. The additional $20 is ridiculous when you consider the cost of a meal itself . I guess Caesars is going to go broke if they don't charge that extra $20 . I guess most people wouldn't have much sympathy, seeing as this means somebody would jump the line , but in most cases we would only have one additional person with us as a helper .I consider this highway robbery, and will not be spending my dollars at Caesars again!Sure the food is great there, but there is so many other buffets in town of close or equal value and quality that do assist the handicapped that it is not worth they extra money and time.
4	I've been here twice now, once for brunch and once for dinner!I enjoyed my brunch/lunch visit much more personally!  Perhaps the BOTTOMLESSCHAMPAGNE/MIMOSAS had something to do with it?  I'd say yes LOL.Most everything seemed the same lunch vs dinner as far as selection is concerned.  I didn't notice anything tasting better/worse more fresh etc...seems very consistent here.Some highlights :The Lamb (dinner) was outstanding...almost perfect actually as far as taste and consistency goes in my book.  Very simply seasoned...it's just tender and not gamey at all.  Fork-pull-apart tender!Andouille Sausage (dinner) also great!  Lots of flavor...yum :)The Ribs here are good!  SUPER meaty, fatty, and yummy....wish they were more tender though....but alas, we are in Buffet world, not slow cooked wonderland.Cajun Shrimp, Ceviche, and Oysters (dinner). Everything was good, even the oysters completely naked!  I'd rack up on Oysters next go around :PThey offer hot and cold snow crab...no other choices of crab.  I choose hot, but I get a bit tired of the super sweet crab...wish they had Dungeness or King, esp at this price point.Truffle Scallop Potatoes (dinner)...just like it sounds, and yes, there is a good amount of truffle oil :)There is some decent stuff in the Chinese/Asian area...the dim sum is just ok, duck was good though, but the Spicy Fish is great!  I'd recommend snaggin a piece or three while you are over there :)Crab Benedict (brunch). This was perfect, with semi sweet crab and a delicious hollandaise sauce. Yummy!Lobster Biscuits and Gravy (brunch). Pretty good as well! I enjoyed the Crab Benedict more though... As far as dessert goes :Lava Cake is perfect!! I should have grabbed two more of em, but I was full by the time I remembered dessert LOLChocolate Mousse dessert...can you really go wrong with anything that has a mini Oreo on it??Great buffet...expensive...but good way to do Vegas :)
4	We stopped in for lunch. No waiting in line on a Tuesday. The price was a bit on the high side for us ($35 each), but we were not disappointed. Lots of interesting food items stuffed everywhere. The buffet zig-zags into another room, so make sure you check out all of it. The dessert section was mind blowing. Lots, maybe too much to choose from. If you're going to pay this much for a buffet, you better arrive absolutely starving.
4	DINNER ONLY REVIEW:Expensive? Absolutely. Worth it? Depends on what you eat. I easily ate my price worth of hot crab legs, lamb and chocolate covered strawberries so I cannot complain about the price. However I think it is around 15 dollars overpriced (though in comparison to other buffets in the city it is fairly priced). It is hands down the best buffet in Vegas that I have eaten at. The service was really good as well, both my individual table server/bussers, and the buffet servers were all very friendly/helpful. The Asian food section was not good in my opinion at all. It was the main downside to this buffet experience. The section is MASSIVE which I was excited about, but most of the food was very flavorless and seemed like it had been sitting out way too long (which I somewhat expect for a buffet, but it was exceptionally bad here). P.S. Hot crab legs are way better than the cold ones they have piled up on the buffet line. If you ask the guys at the pasta station, they will gladly fill a plate up with some hot ones for you.
5	My new fav buffet in Vegas great selection of sea food! Crab legs and sushi are fresh and delicious.
5	Just like they claim in all their ads around town - Best buffet in Vegas! Many buffets have a lot of different types & styles of food to offer just like this one, but if you compare each dish alone to the quality of a restaurant that specializes in that type, the buffet food doesn't hold it's own. But not here! Each dish ranked in the top 3 I've ever had, from the beef brisket and ribs, to their pizza, Thai food. I could have stayed on one style of food & would have been completely satisfied! The night before, we ate at another well known buffet and I was disappointed by the quality but with the quantity of different types made the dinner alright. There may have been only 2-3 dishes I'd even want to go back for seconds. Here I wished I could have, on pretty much every dish but the stomach wouldn't let me.I did straddle the meal between lunch & dinner (which started at 3pm) to get the lower $ (35 instead of 50). Yes it's a bit pricey but SOOO worth it!
5	ANCIENT ROMANS & BUFFETLas Vegas is known for their buffets but it is the Ancient Romans who mastered the concept. The buffet concept is synonymous with the Ancient Romans and it's fitting that the best buffet in Vegas is inside Caesars Palace. The reason why I love Bacchanal Buffet is taking the Ancient Romans concept of buffet into a modern approach. Sure there is no exotic dishes like flamingos that were served during Ancient Rome in this buffet but the variety and quality of food remains the same. This is coming from someone that despises buffets in general. The last time I ate at a buffet in Vegas was a little more than two years ago at Wicked Spoon. I had a terrible experience there. The waiting line for Saturday brunch at Wicked Spoon was two hours long. Then my friend and me rushed to eat for 45 minutes because the brunch menu would be over. The experience at Bacchanal Buffet was much better than Wicked Spoon.Last Thursday night I paid for my friend's birthday. We came here around 5:30PM. Surprisingly there wasn't a long line. That was because we didn't go to the buffet on a Friday night our weekend. Knowing that there is an abundance of items at Bacchanal Buffet I took a strategic approach. Instead of placing lots of items in the plate I took 3 items at a time. This allowed me to get more plates than I normally get. At most buffets after three plates I'm stuffed. But getting three items at a time I was able to eat nine plates of food. I knew I wasn't going to eat all the 500 dishes. I had to place a priority of items. No standard items that I would normally get - fried chicken, pizza, pasta, tacos, Chinese food, etc. I was sticking to dishes that are rare in buffets in general.There were certain sections that stood out. The meat section included brisket, prime rib, and lamb chops. I couldn't think of any other buffets that have lamb chops. Having beef brisket rather than the typical roast beef is one feature that makes Bacchanal Buffet stand out from others. The seafood section was exceptional also. On the seafood section you can see shuckers take out the top half of the oyster. I love how the raw oysters are smaller than the raw oysters at typical buffets because the smaller oysters are sweeter. In addition I love how there is not only two types of cooked crab legs (cold and hot), but also how the crab legs are opened for you. How many times when you go to a buffet that you have to work to crack open the crab legs that leaves your hands messy? The one section that surprised me the most is the dessert section. There are varieties that I don't see at a normal buffer. While most buffets have ice cream at Bacchanal Buffet there is gelato. In addition there is creme Brule at Bacchanal Buffet. Think of a normal buffet that has creme Brule for dessert?  The fact that I didn't try every dish makes me want to go back to Bacchanal Buffet in the future to try certain dishes I didn't have last time.  For example if I go back to Bacchanal Buffet I would like to go for breakfast/ brunch so I can try the red velvet pancakes.I'm not necessary keen on a decor of a restaurant but inside Bacchanal Buffet the minimalist decor makes the setting feel more like a high end restaurant than a buffet eatery. This makes you enjoy eating because you're more relaxed. After eating nine plates of food I was stuffed but not bloated. That is the standard how all buffets should be like with the number of dishes that are provided. Right now for me Bacchanal Buffet met that standard and I can't look at buffets in the same manner as I did before.
1	So disappointed!!! With all the great pictures and reviews we thought this was going to be fantastic!  We paid $70 per person (included a generous tip) and were so disappointed. Quality of sushi sucked.  Paper thin pieces of fish on nigiri and just California rolls as the other options.  Pictures we saw were of king crab legs, we got skinny snow crab legs. Other stations we just ok. Nothing spectacular to justify why we pay so much!!!  Staff at the serving stations were so rude. I don't know if they were so busy, but they definitely didn't want to be there.  Only thing I could say was the ramen was good. Fresh cooked noodles in great broth. Thanks for the $70 ramen!
5	Delicious! Love the variety of foods from around the world! Especially the crab legs that were cut in half for easy eating!! :)
4	One of the better buffets.  I wanted to eat a late lunch early dinner so was planning on going at 2 and maybe wait 1/2 an hour and get in.  Nope.  Even at 2pm on a Saturday, we were told to check in at the computer and come back in 90 min.  The check in process was pain less.  Entered my cell phone number and got a text on when to come back.  Came back and waited another 20 min to pay and get a table.  The oysters were pretty fresh but everyone takes it so sometimes there isn't much to choose from.  The crab legs weren't as meaty but cut so it is easy to eat.  You can get it warm by the noodle section which was good, don't like cold crabs.  I was surprise the flavor of the dishes were good for a buffet.  Even like the roasted duck and cha sui flavors were almost there.  Some spice not there like authentic Chinese places but better than anything outside of San Gabriel Valley.  Prime rib was good and lamb chop was one of the best I've had, medium would have been nice though, a little over cooked.Sushi was very thin and no just fish.The little bottles of juice you can get was ok, nothing to rave about, but nice idea.  But I was happy with my pineapple juice at my table.I was so full, I was not able to try everything, which says a lot because I always make room to try everything.We sat next to the dessert station and it was great.  They were constantly refilling the plates.  I never saw the chef stop working at the dessert station.  Noteable was the flan, very creamy.  Macaroons were too chewy.  Gelato was a little too sweet.  They had a lot of green tea flavored items which was nice.  Tried maybe 4 rounds of dessert but that was not all.  Just could not get myself to fit any more.  Lots of variety.  Good overall flavor to the food.  Prepare to wait a bit.  I wanted the bottomless champagne but missed it due to the wait so had to take 1 star away.  On the weekends, they have bottomless for brunch/lunch.
5	I live in Vegas and visit Bacchanal Buffet at least once a month. It is definitely the best Buffet in town; from the wagyu beef sliders to the red velvet pancakes to the au gratin with truffle oil to the dessert bar! Well worth the price, great food, good service, nice atmosphere.
5	BEST VEGAS BUFFET. I think I died and was sent to heaven after eating at this place. Like no, seriously. I ate so much of everything that I knocked out from a food coma right after. There were so many options to choose from! There is a station for every almost every cuisine.What's my favorite? Their 5 star gourmet dessert bar!!! Imagine creme brulee, gelato, macarons, chocolate covered strawberries, crepes, and other beautifully created sweets you can think of.
5	The best buffet I have ever had in my life. I feel I could come to LV just for this buffet (but this is the only buffet I tried in LV). The Bacchanal buffet makes the trip to LV memorable for me.
5	Let me start by saying that I'm normally not a fan of buffets... People touching the same serving utensils, food sitting out for hours on end, etc. Ugh!!!! So when the BF suggested that we try Caesar's buffet, I wasn't the most excited. When we arrived, there was a huge crowd waiting outside but the process the hotel uses to herd people in is actually rather effective. The food was absolutely worth the wait! The buffet offers selections from all over the world in a very organized fashion. There weren't too many instances where you had community utensils - most dishes were served on plates as individual servings. The fresh seafood was awesome but I was slightly disappointed that the oysters wouldn't be available until later in the afternoon. The Kobe slider was scrumptious and the Mediterranean salads were delish as well. Being of AA decent, my temporary moment of shame was how excited I got over their fried chicken - yes I liked it because it was delicious and it rivaled my mama's! Don't judge me! The dessert bar lacked just a tad but I think this had to do with the time of day we were there. There's no question that I will be back here on my next visit to Vegas... You can't knowingly pass that kind of deliciousness up!
2	If you're looking for a quality buffet this is not it! If you're looking for variety and quantity then this 1 might cut it. In my opinion this buffet is not worth $50? $30 max!
4	One of the best buffets I've had anywhere. Love the variety of meats at the carving station. Great paella and Chinese food section. We went on friday night around 7pm...the wait was about 90 minutes...but well worth the wait. Price was $34 per person, which is cheap for a dinner buffet in Vegas. Would go again for sure.
1	Horrible!!! I'm now suffering from food poisoning ! To start off I actually liked some of the food, though some of it was way too salty! And the variety isn't all what it's cracked up to be... Well now thanks to this place I'm very ill... I promise this is the source of my sickness bc this is the only food I've eaten all day....
5	CRAB LEGS, LAMB CHOPS, AND MACARONS. Straight up, these lamb chops are some of the best lamb chops I've had ANYWHERE and I've had a lot of lamb chops. Well seasoned, crisp in all the right parts, and cooked to a perfect medium rare, these lamb chops really set the standard for all future lamb chops to be had. Love them. PRO TIP: Buffet switches over from lunch to dinner at 3pm. So, show up at 2:30pm, pay your $38 lunch fee, enjoy a few light appetizers, then wait for the magic to happen at 3pm. That's when all the best things come out. Cheers to gluttony!
1	Sadly I have to update my prior review of this place. I visited on October 2013 and I was so happy with my overall experience that I mistakenly made it a point to visit again on Feb 16, 2014.          For starters this is currently the "#1 buffet" in Vegas and its advertised everywhere you go in Vegas thus making it extremely popular. I firmly believe that it started out as a wonderful buffet. However now it has gone down the drain with its horrible customer service.          For instance as you approach the buffet you are assaulted with big crowds of people trying to figure out what to do. Moreover as you get a glimpse of what everyone is crowding around its a monitor that allows you to input your party information. It then prints out a ticket informing you of the wait time encouraging you to go the surrounding shops and or casino instead of waiting in line and you will receive a text message letting you know when your time is up. (for me it was a 2 hour and 30 minute wait) The idea of it all is great. However in practice it is extremely unpractical to believe that crowds of people visiting your establishment will figure out exactly what to do with those little monitors. Consequently making it a big confusion for a lot of the patrons visiting the establishment. Then finally when you see a human face Patrons flock to the person asking him/her what are the steps to sign in. The "hostess' rudely responds that you must use the monitor with no inclination to assist you in using it. Granted it is not rocket science here in the states similar monitors are now everywhere with "self checkout" being extremely popular. However I feel that she was incredibly inconsiderate to people asking for assistance. More importantly there are patrons that truly do not understand the concept of checking in  on a monitor. I can understand that she is probably assaulted with the same question over and over again and it might be incredibly overwhelming to repeatedly answer the same question.          However  rudeness is never acceptable. Secondly and more importantly after patiently waiting for an over two hours I directed to my table. Ironically the restaurant is beautifully designed however there where empty tables everywhere with dirty dishes stacked on them. It seems as if they paid so much attention to detail however the dirty dishes throw away all that effort.  It definitely killed my appetite. After 15 minutes of waiting we still had no waitress no utensils no drinks. I quickly became infuriated at the fact that I had wasted TWO HOURS of my life waiting to enter this dirty restaurant with incredibly inconsiderate staff. I asked the "hostess" if our waitress/waiter would show up anytime soon with which she replied " she is making her rounds." I was FLABBERGASTED. I have no problem with waiting my turn however after paying $60 dollars a plate and waiting more than 2 hours to be seated I expect for them to have it more under control and at the very least have some kind of human empathy. I WILL ABSOLUTELY NEVER AGAIN VISIT THIS ESTABLISHEMENT AND DO NOT RECOMMEND ANY ONE TO SPEND A DOLLAR HERE. The food is ok but for the most part Rio offers the same food for a fraction of the wait time and better customer service. Mc Donald's workers have better training and service than the workers at this place.
5	A must try Vegas buffet when you stop by the city! The rave here is REAL guys!!!Prices here can get expensive, especially on weekends but it really is a buffet you must try once in your lifetime. Good buffets with great quality food are hard to come by!! The line to wait will get long, only dandy thing is that you can leave your name, phone number, and number of people at table down and they will call you when your table is ready (usually the wait is 2 hours) BUT you can pay $15 to cut the line and go inside.I was really hungry by the time I came so I just paid the extra $15 and headed inside the eat. First thing, the place is so nicely decorated! Second, free unlimited mimosas!??? WHAT!??? Okay, back to the food. SO many varieties! Steamed crabs!?? Mussels?? Oysters??? Egg tarts, flan, and so so so much more. I was already full looking at all of the food. To feel like I got my money's worth I mainly ate seafood so sorry guys I don't know what the meat quality was like but it looked good! The crab legs was AMAZING. Get it steamed!!! The mussels were like heaven in my mouth and oysters were bommmb too. The desert area was also my favorite as they provided so much and you can request for some item fresh like the egg tarts!I really like this place but don't think I can afford to come back here anytime. It was a great experience and I got to say I enjoyed a high end buffet. I recommend:- Oysters- Flan- Egg tart- Mussels (the ones with two shells)- Shrimp (HUGEEE)- Crab legs (steamed)
3	As a local, I was excited to try "the best buffet in Vegas," it isn't. I've visited these buffets here, Studio B, Feast (GVR and Red Rock), Palms, and Bacchanal. If you're local or have access to a car, do yourself a favor and drive to The M for Studio B's, food is comparable to Bacchanal, and far cheaper. If you're a strip captive, Bacchanal is good, you'll be $50 poorer but satisfied. Got in line at 6:00p on Wed night and were seated at 6:30. We stayed longer than the 2 hours allowed (shame) and no one bothered us about it. Service is excellent, drinks refilled and plates removed in a timely manner. It's a buffet, I didn't expect too much. Honestly, unless you're going to eat your weight in crab legs, $50 (no longer includes beer and wine?!?! Come on Caesars!) is way too much to pay for sodium overload. Chinese: salty. Curry: salty and I still smell like coconut. Salad: prepareds were over dressed, not enough choices for build-your-own. Meats/cheese: good. Italian: didn't try anything but ratatouille but good. Mexican: greasy and sitting out too long, carnitas were there before we arrived and still sitting there as we left. American: sides were good, meats were just ok, fried stuff wasn't crispy. Disappointed. Seafood: good, I tried to eat $50 worth. Juice bar: good. Dessert: was expecting better, honestly, overall kinda tasteless and too sweet. I recommend the lava cakes. Sushi: I felt there should've been more choices for a $50 buffet. Disappointed. Things to try: seafood, chef's specials, small plates. It's nice to be able to walk the forum shops to help digest but I'll just head to The M for my buffet binges in the future.
4	Definitely my new favorite buffet. I would give it 5 stars but I'm cheap and don't like the $50 price tag. But the food was excellent. Huge shrimp cocktail, warm king crab legs, great selection of Chinese and Thai food. The Mexican station had tacos which reminded me of the taco stands in Mexico. Althea American BBQ station had a lot to choose from. All tasting really good. Oh and they had sweet potato tater tots and Parmesan garlic fries which were fantastic. If you don't mind the $50 per person dinner price then try this place. It's awesome. Even though I'm cheap I will still be stopping by the next time I'm in town.
4	Somewhere between 3-4 stars. Food, yep, great selection. The oyster bar alone is worth is. It is super expensive and yes, you have to wait 2 hours. Just go put your name in and get the ticket, which tells you what time to come back. Once you go back, you could end up waiting to be seated. We went early--pulled a ticket on Sat night at 4. Came back at 5:45 and got seated at 6. Service is not great, but I have never been to a buffet with good service. It's worth trying it once. $55ish for dinner.
2	I had been reading all the good and bad reviews on here and decided to go ahead and take a shot and eat here.  I went to Las Vegas about 6 years ago with a friend and only ate at the Bellagio Buffet.  I came back to Vegas with my mom this time and we wanted to try and eat at some of the many different buffets that Vegas has to offer.  Well we decided to try this one as our last stop on our trip.  So we got in line at about 2:45 pm and got the lunch price of 35.99$ instead of the dinner price of 50:99$.  Dinner starts at 3 pm so we got to experience both lunch and dinner for the cheaper price and I am sure glad we did.  I wouldn't recommend paying 50$ for this buffet.  I am the type of person who loves going out to eat and I also like eating a ton of variety too.  The service was awesome, so nothing wrong with that.  I took a little tour around and looked at all the food before I put anything on my plate.  I wanted to try a lot of different items so I thought well it is a buffet so why not.  Probably the only thing I liked was the mashed potatoes and the california roll sushi.  The crab legs were frozen still, but when you got a piece that wasn't they were very sweet, just didn't want to get plate after plate and only getting about a few pieces that weren't frozen.  I did get them to steam them for me and when they did that the crab legs had NO flavor at all.  So I don't recommend crab legs as one of their main point getters from people.  I am not a fan of much else in the seafood department unless its fried shrimp.  I went to the asian station and ate a few pieces of sushi and thought that the Bellagio had them beat.  Mostly all the food was kind of bland.  I would not want to go back and try it on another night but if you are in Las Vegas and really want to go to a buffet then why not go and try for yourselves!!  Only you can really judge the food not just by reading a review, we can only suggest to you some pointers!!  The desserts were really bad too.  No flavor at all.  I enjoyed the Bellagio Buffet much better.  Even the buffet at the Wynn is better.
5	Our first trip to bacchanal after it's opening was a wow factor. We have dinned there  a number of times since it's opening.  Breakfast, lunch, and dinner, I  have done them all.  It  is  only 2nd to the Bally's sterling Sunday brunch at bally's ( closed for renovation to accommodate  BLT  steakhouse restaurant ). I'm done, the wow factor is still there.
4	Am I the only one who thought Bacchanal was pronounced "back-anal"? Depending on whom you ask, "ba-ke-nal" can mean one of the following:        (1) an orgy     (2) a wild gathering involving excessive drinking & promiscuity     (3) the worship of Bacchus, the Roman god of wine, ritual madness & ecstasyOr "a feast worthy of Gods," according to Caesars Palace. Despite the questionable meaning of the name, we decided to have a late lunch here after eating at Wicked Spoon the night before, to compare the two highest-rated buffets in Vegas. As of now, Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon are on the same tier of best buffets in Sin City and I honestly can't decide which is better.The wait was over an hour long. Bacchanal's decor and ambience is definitely more contemporary and modern than other Vegas buffets, and I believe overall caters more to "foodies" -- especially in terms of food presentation, which was bordering molecular gastronomy. The buffet spread was impressive and the broad selection consisted mostly of tapas, including pho, ramen, various cuisines, and plenty of desserts to choose from. As I'm not a fan of buffets (I prefer quality over quantity), I don't quite exactly remember what I ate -- just that I didn't hate anything and there were enough tasty things to eat to get full and feel fully satisfied. I do recall that although the desserts were very aesthetically pleasing, most tasted surprisingly underwhelming.Despite me not remembering any of the food I ate, mostly due to me not taking any photos, I'd still come back a second time to give it another try before passing final judgement.
4	Tried the lunch buffet and it was delicious. We didn't wait long (since our sis was in line but she was only there around 20min) It was very bright and nicely decorated (though wicked spoon has better decor)The food was good, typical "nice" vegas buffet, everything from omelets, ratatouille, burger sliders, to crab legs, sausage, ribs,italian cold cuts,  etc. i didn't like the chinese & Thai, it seemed old. (Not much traffic so food sat there) Sushi was ok. I liked the crab benedict and mango juice in glass bottles. Dessert was good, but the cakes were just ok. We liked the gelato (salted caramel, nutella ) Also includes mimosas which was a plus. Not sure i'd  go back for lunch since it was pricey and nothing was really 'out of this world' good. Service was great.
4	Great BBQ at lunch! Great Buffet all around.  Best I've ever been to in Vegas.
3	maybe because I had expected more.maybe because I had heard they served tomahawk steaksbut then they didn't.maybe because Bacchanal fell victim to my cognitive dissonanceof a quality selection versus a variety of quantity.Whatever the reason maybeI was not impressed.That's to say it wasn't good,Bacchanal is a very good buffet.The layout of the seating isquite comfortableand cozy whenconsidering the size of the place.The steamed king crab legs were hella tasty(and even better with a little clarified butter).Lamb chops were also superb.And overall, the quality of the foodwas nothing less than you would expect from Caesars.And if you are planning on havingonly one buffet on your Vegas excursion,this would be a fine choice.The problem this yelperhas with Bacchanal is this:I, for sure, know a coupleother buffet places where I couldhave gotten the same quality and selectionfor less.And there the rub.Where are these place you may ask?Check out my Vegas list on Yelp(which I'm continually compiling and updatingas we speak)or look for upcoming linkto my blog eatery.
5	I'll make this easy. This is the best buffet in Vegas, maybe the USA. It's pricey, but definitely worth it. We ate here on a Thursday night so we did have to wait about 45 min. The selection is overwhelming, from custom tacos, to Kobe sliders, to scalloped potatoes with truffle sauce...you really have to scout the buffet  once you are there, don't start taking food...be strategic. Most importantly, leave room for dessert. This buffet is utterly amazing....
5	My favorite buffet in Vegas so far. I love the new waiting system: at check in you are given a time estimation and told you will receive a text message when your table is ready. There is no need to wait in long lines and gives you time to explore and gamble! fThe quality of food is impeccable and wait staff is very nice. One of our friend's wasn't feeling too well and the wait staff offered her some tea (for hangovers) and ultimately gave her a refund because she never even touched the food. I would come back everyday if my stomach (and wallet) could handle it.
4	This place is amazing!! I managed to get through 3 food rounds & 1 massive dessert round & all I can think of is when can I return to Vegas & eat here again. We got here around 1130am on Sunday picked a good time because while we waited about 30min to get in, by the time we sat down the line was ridiculous. The only thing that could have made this buffer more enjoyable would be more breakfast selection. I know I got here at 1130 but that's a perfect time to still get stuff it just would have been nice to see more. Also the pretzel rolls are beyond to die for.
5	Oh Bacchanal Buffet!!!How do I love thee?  Let me count the ways.I love thee to the crab and oyster delightMy soul leaps at thy dessert spread sightFor the ends of diets and stuffing my faceI love thee Bacchanal above all buffets.Most craving need, for crab legs I fightI love thee ramen station with every bite.I love horchata in this buffet placeI love thee with a passion put to useInto my favorites with all my faithI love thee with a love of food that I chooseWith my last bites --- I cherish my dessert spreadSmiles, tears, of all my life! --- and if I so chooseI shall but love thee better always and always and always ....("How Do I Love Thee? - Elizabeth Barrett Browning - interpreted for Bacchanal Buffet)Yes.  I found the one buffet I would be willing to break my diet for over and over again.  As was described to me, this buffet is an experience.Seafood Bar: Fresh oysters, crab legs, shrimp, fish, and seafood dishes galore.  Topped with many different sauces for my dipping delight.Ramen Station:  Thank goodness for the tiny bowls these are served in.  Let me have room for all the rest of the food.  Although this was delicious already.Asian Area: Is the porridge I see?  And I can put fried garlic, green onions, and ... omg, do my eyes deceive me, or is that a century egg?!?!?  YES! Porridge with century egg, my FAVORITE.Mexican station:  They had a taco station.  It looked so good, but my stomach was already filling up with all the goodies.  However, I DID stop to take a horchata, which was SO delicious, I want all my horchata drinks to taste like that please!DESSERTS!!  DESSERTS!! DESSERTS!!  Pandan Tiramisu.  Have you ever tried it?  You should.  Here at Bacchanal!  And, what I thought was a green tea or pistachio macaron ended up being a pandan macaron!  Yes! All the flavors!  White chocolate covered strawberry topped with strawberry crunchy balls.  Can you say delicious?  And some other goodies like an shaved ice station, creme brulee, cake pops ... is your mouth just drooling right now!?!?!We arrive there around 5:30, and surprisingly we came RIGHT BEFORE the line started.  We didn't have to wait at all.  LUCKY US!  Yes, it's $50+, but this buffet is WELL WORTH THE PRICE.  Make sure your stomach is ready for a feast worthy of kings!
3	I probably shouldn't go to a buffet and call the dim sum and the dessert my favs.  because that would be a waste of my $50+ per person?!?  Thanks to Tracie L for her review that got me thinking that I really needed to eat here.Bacchanal, you elusive trendy buffet.  The first time I tried to eat here for brunch they told me to come back in three hours.  Whhattt?  Well now that I have eaten here I can say I went, and ate and prob won't eat here again.  Pluses for their ticket system that cuts down on the frustrating standing in line experience.The seafood was average.  Yes, there were crab legs. And yes, you can get them STEAMED in the Asian section.  There were also oysters (not so good), mussels, ceviche, shrimp and shellfish in various sauces.  The seafood didn't rock my world.Their were some smaller individual sized food like wagyu beef burgers and sea bass.  The sea bass with bok choy was actually one of my fav stand out dishes.  Totally unexpected, but the dim sum in the Asian section was perfectly steamed and delicious (and they wrapper of their hargow didn't stick or break when you tried to eat it).  Other things I liked: individual wedge salads, heirloom tomato salad, steamed crab legs, rack of lamb, and mashed sweet potato.  I skipped the Mexican area, most of the Italian, and the majority of the carving station other then the lamb. I know I know, but I hate not having room for dessert. I also wasn't in an 'eat until you feel sick' mood, lol.  I will say that the dessert was as amazing as everyone said.      My favs: 1) mango chili lime gelato. Wow what a refreshing combination of flavors after all the mini meal-type dishes I had.  2) macaroons. Enough said.  3) green tea red/bean cookies.  I actually got these thinking it was pistachio, but I was like oohhh is this red bean?  Win!  I mean there were so many desserts that you'd get a stomach ache trying them all.  They also had crepes and shaved ice.  I didn't see all the good stuff others ate such as fried chicken and waffles, sweet potato tots or made-to-order souffles. =(  Maybe next time.  The service was pretty good and they refilled my ginger ale enough times. However, the seating area was kind of dirty on the floors. But I understand with the foot traffic in the place it must be hard to clean every little food item that falls.   OH YEAH I must mention the young, skinny Asian couple sitting next to me who seriously killed 4-5 plates of JUST FOOD and 2 of dessert. They didn't even pick around their plates - they ate like champs. I was like whooooaaaaaa.   I am very happy that I got to try this place, but my verdict: way better than Wicked Spoon, but doesn't come close to beating the Wynn.
5	I had it all planned out. Vegas Buffets 101, some tips from buddies (Thanks Leona for the last minute answers!)- the best time to go to a buffet is between shifts! That's when u get to sample both lunch and dinner at Lunch Price!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I lost a battle and ended up going for dinner at around 4pm, not like j had planned, and after seeing gorgeous displays of desserts, tons of yummy looking stations, you forget about the 40 plus dollars you shelled out. But it all worked out in the end. Cuz you don't have to wait that extra time letting your stomach bloat up waiting for the seafood to come out. You hit that first to make sure you get your money's worth! No king crab, but snow crab was decent. Especially since they cut it for you already, so no crab juice in your neighbors eye. I ate plenty. Starting from the far end, there's the chinese section (WALNUT SHRIMP was my fave). They have chowmein, fried rice, eggrolls, stir fry, some dim sum dishes, spicy eggplant, yummy greenbeans.They have Pho, Japo station sucked. Miso soup, sushi rolls. (what i would have loved to have seen for shelling out 50 bucks was some decent sashimi, and maybe some tempura!)Taco station was pretty cool, although i didn't get eat much from this station. Cheese and cold cutsSmall build your own salad section and small plates of caprese saladAbout 5 different pizzasMeat section: prime rib, ribs, chops, brisket. damn it, i missed the rib eye lollies.Little pasta, a good fried section: Calamari, sweet potato tater tots, fries, fish and chipsCrab, shrimp, oysters, mussels, fish dishes.  You can get either steamed crab legs or chilled ones. (steamed is in another section)HUGE dessert section.This was my favorite (obviously).I got French Toast Gelato, Thai iced tea gelato (pretty cool selection),macarons, cookies, cupcakes, tiramisu, chocolate cream brulee, cakes galore, cake pops. I saw a crepe station, bread pudding... lots o stuff i didn't have room for.Although i loved gorging myself, there were only a few items that i totally loved. The rest was good, but i'm not sure it was 50 bucks worth good. I would come again for sure, but definitely sticking to my guns to come at the lunch price. * i went on a monday around 4pm and walked right in. But weekends, i hear can be hours of waiting! Be prepared!
1	Extremely over hyped. I was so disappointed. This was all very cheap food. Its no better than $10 buffet. I really thought it would live up to all the hype but it didn't. Anyone who thought this was a 4+ star buffet hasn't been to a good one, like Wicked Spoon. Save yourself the grief and spend your money on a quality place.
5	Definitely the best buffet I've been to, not just in Vegas, but anywhere. Filled almost 4 plates each in the time we were there, and honestly maybe had only 1 or 2 things that we didn't love. Mind you each plate had a selection of stuff. Crab legs were great, cut down the middle for super easy eating and the pad Thai was probably my other absolute favorite. Need to go back so I can try all the stuff I couldn't fit on this trip. Also, great and friendly service from all the staff.
5	I totally stuffed myself at the seafood bar area. Loved the oysters, mussels, clams, lobster corn chowder. Seafood was worth the money. Around $37 for lunch.I didn't have much of an appetite since we just woke up so I didn't get to try very much other food stations. However, I did get to try the porridge station, which was really good. Sushi didn't look appetizing and i tried the tuna and salmon sushi, but didn't taste that fresh. Oxtail soup was superb! Very tender.The glass of peach tea that comes with the glass of water when the waitress brings your drinks are so refreshing! I had to ask for refill on the peach tea. So good. Service was really attention and friendly.I have to come back during dinner when I have more appetite.
3	Ok let's get right to it, the food taste FANTASTIC here but there are many cons that outweigh why I would prefer to go elsewhere in the future. The wait is outrageous if you do not pay extra $15 to get into the express line. You'll never eat when you intend to eat and by the time you have been called back by their ticketing system, it would have been 2 hours since you decided you were hungry. $55 price tag is steep. As ironic as it sounds, people aren't always able to eat as much as they thought they could after starving themselves for so long. Line to get food. =____=. Okay so after I got in and super excited to eat, there was a long line to get food. There is one recommendation I would give if you should decide to come here. I got my ticket at 2pm on a Saturday and was told to come back at 4:15pm (yikes). I had intended to eat brunch at the lower price of 40 bucks, if I were to wait till 4:15 I would have to pay 55 bucks for dinner. I noticed the express line was empty so I decided to just pay the extra 15 to get in right away. They serve dinner food at 3 so it was a win win.
5	Great service, great variety, and great atmosphere.This is my first real review, but I figure I'd do a Vegas buffet. First off I have absolutely no complaints about the service or variety of food. There's a ton of food and you will be taken care of for sure. They will constantly be there to fill you on drinks and everything.With that said, let's begin with drinks.Peach iced tea - this was a very good drink. Very light, very refreshing, not too sweet, and even seems like a white tea they use. The peach syrup they use is light and sweet, but if you have really sensitive taste buds you will be able to taste the sugar additive they use which is like a diet soda. But it's very slight. My friends loved it and I could taste it, but it did not get in the way of tastiness.Mango juice - it's like having a mango in your mouth. But seriously very refreshing. You have to shake it up so that the flavor is evenly distributed, but this is by far the best juice they have there. What I do love is that all of their juices seem to be freshly squeezed and prepared and it's all in one iced area.Horchata - the horchata was ok. It was sweet, creamy, and cinnamony, but something about it was different. I don't think I tasted much of the ricy substance that a horchata needs. This was still good, but there are better horchatas out there.Main dishes:Rack of Lamb - perfectly spiced, cooked really well. Super juicy and has just that nice gaminess that lamb has. Absolutely the best rack of lamb I have ever tasted.Prime rib - it's really hard to not do a prime rib right and so this one is pretty good. The first time I had it, it was a little overcooked and not as marbled. Second time around it was much better and the quality was better.Crab legs - you really can't go wrong. Best thing about this place, you can get it boiled so it's hot when it comes out.Deserts:Gelato - You HAVE to try out at least a few of their flavors. Creme brulee, Mango sorbet, tiramisu you cannot go wrong with these.
3	3 stars for variety and dessert but not for the taste. Been here 2 years ago when it was just 2 months after opening. It was very good, it WAS. Took my parents here expecting king crab leg but they didn't have it, on a Sunday night, I paid $53+tax. Without the king crab leg, it just a regular buffet. When I was here before, the chef helped the customer heat up the king crab leg in the boiling water, now they just do it for snow crab leg and let the crab leg sit in the pot until you ask for it. Almost every food taste very salty, hot and sour soup is bitter after simmering all day. Steamed bun is crusty because no lid covering. So, if you really want, you can ask or walk in to see if they have king crab leg before you pay for nothing.
5	BEST BUFFET in LAS VEGAS! When you first arrive, you have to check into a machine and say how many people are in your party. Afterwards it will print out a ticket of what time you should come back to wait in line to pay and get seated. If you don't want to wait, you can just pay $15 to get into the express lane, but since I am a poor college student, my friends and I just waited. Luckily enough for us, we barely waited. The person who take your tickets let us in before our required time. Yay us! Thank you kind sir. $55 bucks for dinner. Totally worth it,  you just need to eat the right food to get your money's worth. The place itself is really nice, I love the atmosphere. Unlike other buffets, this buffet isn't crowded where your squish with other tables. There is enough room to breathe and eat. The servers are really nice. Our server was very attentive towards us, even when it got busy. I suggest when you guys are ordering your drinks, you should get their sweet ice tea. It was a clear tea, I thought at first it was water, but it wasn't. The tea was very refreshing and good. I could just sit there and sip the tea all day.  As for the food, there is so much to choose from. They have LIKE EVERYTHING, from Asian to Mexican to Italian to American and SEAFOOD! Lets not forget their DESSERT too! They have a whole island dedicated to sweets.  If you guys are choosing what buffet to eat at your stay at Vegas, I suggest you guys come to the Bacchanal Buffet. You wont regret it, and neither would your family/friends.
3	I was not impressed, probably because I had high expectations. We were very lucky to not have to wait in line.For 2 people for a dinner buffet cost about $110 The staff was very courteous and welcoming. They offered to take photos of you upon entering the buffet and then later sell you the photo for $25.They had seated us near the entrance and it was a bit uncomfortable when you had to navigate around the patrons waiting to be seated back to your table.The food presentation was great. I was not impressed with the food selection. They had big cocktail shrimp and it was good.The snow crab was bland.To finish our meal, my husband and I decided to have some coffee and the server offered cappuccino $5 extra to which I believed should of been included, let me tell you Starbucks is better!Seafood Section 3.5/5Salad Section 3/5Dessert Section 4/5BBQ Section 3.5/5Asian Section 3/5American Section 2/5Mexican Section 2/5Service 4/5Seating 1/5
1	so excited to first time trying this place what USA Today rated the number buffet in Vegas, food was overflowing with great looking foods, though price was so above average stunning $53 per person, what the heck for a dinner celebrating a birthday of a special person (my self) with a party of 8 an 18% tips is a must, end up paying $545 for dinner. really unforgetable dinner experience, especially when we were back to CA finding out they charge me another extra 18% tip added to my card, lessson learn dont be tooo excited on this place, paying $186 for tip alone was so dissappointing so remember dont be so excited about this and the so callled rated number one buffet in Vegas, because what happpened to me in Vegas i cannot stay it in Vegas, and until now i feel im vomiting for the amount of food i eat? or perhaps the amount of tip they overcharged me. Good luck and if ever anyone dare to see my bill im always happy to show and share it! February 7, 2014 Friday at around 7pm when it was happen
5	So my two buddies came up with the bright idea of paying credit card roulette. At the Caesar's Buffet no less. Reluctantly I threw my AmEX into the pot. And guess what? My friggin card gets pulled. I was like whatever man. We put our names in the res system and it was a 90 min wait......at 3pm!! Wtf! So we go to the casino to gamble, which of course is what they want you to do.Fast forward about 100 min and our names are finally paged. So I go and pay...$200! For 3 of us....oh man I say. I'm gonna milk this for what its worth. We sit down about 430pm. And this is after a night of clubbing and boozing so don't mind us as we lethargically make our way to the table. We all scope out the spread and we were awestruck. Never in my life have I seen a spread like this. Anything and everything. They have it. My strategy at buffets is to sample a little of everything. But really on this day, and with this size, I just couldn't do it. I couldn't. I grabbed some japanese food and soup for a "starter", then some crab and shrimp. Then on to the heavier stuff like ribs sausage and other bbq. By this time I was stuffed! But alas, I have a sweet tooth so I had to do dessert. This is where Bacchanal shines, IMO. They got everything here. Macroons, gelato, cakes, cookies, fruit....aww yeah! Good value? An unequivocal no! But it is a must try. And you are in Vegas. So just do it. You won't regret it. Until the next morning. Oh and we sat there like the fat a$$es that we were from 430 to almost 9pm! And our hostess, which I won't name because we don't want to get her in trouble, was so awesome. And cute! She let us stay and just engorge ourselves.
3	The buffet is a little better than typical, but not enough for me to return. Their specialty, asian, was plentiful, but not extraordinary.The staff is very nice and the decor is modern.The miso cod fish was the best.
3	The desserts failed.Food was good. I was really hyped up to go here from the reviews...it was not that amazin but food was good. Indonesian curries , prime rib , etc.....sushi was surprisingly fresh for a buffet.
4	Once in a while, you need to splurge a little.  I was honestly opposed to their ridiculous price of $65 a person (I think that's what it was), plus their half and hour line was annoying too.  They have almost any cuisine you could think of: Italian, Japanese, Cajun, American and more.  My favorite was the mini Cheese Burgers, the Steamed Muscles, the Cream Cheese Wantons, the Sashimi.  Really it was all so good.  I even tried a oyster shooter for the first time.  It was okay.  I guess I'm not a fan.  The desert was great and I had a bunch of it.  There was even Red bean Mochi!Words can't describe the food, you need to see the photos.  Come on an empty stomach.
5	Okay, I normally do not like buffets because although there is a wide selection, there is usually only mediocre food to choose from. I would like to make an exception for Baccahanal Buffet because it is the bomb. There are nine different stations to pick from including this amazing dessert bar and everything I tried was delicious- minus the chef special. That was disgusting. The seafood and dessert bar was by far my favorite.  I like my food so I would go as far as to say this was the best thing I did in Vegas on my weekend there. I spent a little over two hours there and thoroughly enjoyed myself every single minute. I don't care if that makes me sound like a fatass. It's the truth. I would've gone there twice but it's about $60 a person and I lost money gambling so I couldn't..... =(If you're going to Vegas, you need to try this buffet. There is a reason it is the #1 buffet in Vegas. It's been a week since I've been there and I miss it already.
5	One of my favorite buffets in Vegas, I come here mostly for the seafood and the prime rib, but they have basically have an international selection of food. The prime rib is cooked to amazing perfection - the meat is tender, much like the steak you'd get at fancy steakhouses. Their crab legs are fresh too. There is also a wide variety of desserts - basically anything you can hope for. The wait is usually very, very long, so now they have a fastpass system so there's not a huge crowd of ppl in front of the restaurant.
5	Best buffet in Vegas no doubt! Friday lunch was 35$ a person so that's obviously pricey but all the food was delicious! The tacos and brisket are a must!!
5	Cannot believe how large the food choices was. The closest to the entrance are the seafood; we were here during the weekday dinner, so it was snow crab legs, mussel, and oysters. If you want warm snow crab legs, you can go to pasta station, I think, and they'll dunk them in boiling water for you. The wait can be a drag, so be ready for it, but I honestly think it's worth it, even if it's $50 for dinner. The choices are, basically, endless. A lot of things were decent in taste, and could be made better by combining different stuff. For example, the pad thai noodles were way better when you added on the curry that was right next to it, for more flavoring. My friend also got everything that had truffle oil, and those dishes were delicious. I know people usually want feedback of the crab legs and the meat station. Crab legs were great, especially since they had butter. The meat station, I got the prime rib and like the pulled pork? Pulled pork was kind of too fatty, but prime rib was decent. I didn't try the other choices: lamb, rib, sausage. But I was impressed by the prime rib. Dessert section was pretty stellar. I usually stay away from those little individual sweet treats, But the strawberry gelato was awesome...Definitely would be back next time...even if it's $50 dinner...
3	In Vegas  I really do like to try and stick to my rule of eating at the buffet of the hotel I am staying at and this time I did follow that rule and ate here. Now I had heard a lot of hype about this buffet so I went in with very high expectations. It also cost me $55 so I wanted to make sure I got the most bang for my buck here. I was lucky because I had anticipated waiting in a huge line after reading some of the reviews and I did go at 6:00 which is dinnertime but much to my surprise there was no line when I arrived there. There was one couple in front of me so I was seated very quickly. When I left, however, there was a huge line so it looks like I came right before the big dinner rush so my recommendation is to go about 6:00 to avoid lines. Ok so now for the actual review:I was very overwhelmed by the size of this place. There was so much to take in and when I was being taken to my seat the hostess was giving me the guided tour and telling me about all the different stations. I couldn't decide what to try first. My drink order was taken right away and my drink was also served right away which was great. I made a beeline for the seafood section because I love crab legs for one and also because they had clams my other guilty pleasure. I loaded my plate up with crab legs, clams, and mussels. The crab legs honestly were very mediocre. I have had better crab legs at Red Lobster. The clams and the mussels however were excellent and I went back for seconds on those. The rest of the stations were rather unappealing to me. The food did not look that great. I got more mussels and clams and some bread and cranberry sauce from the American station and whats funny is even though I love the stuff that cranberry sauce was from a can. That was painfully obvious. The stuff tastes great but you expect more from an upscale like buffet. Now for the desserts, the thing that makes the whole buffet worth it. I had flan, creme brulee, some cake, crepes, and some mixed fruit. The dessert was straight up heavenly. I loved every bit of it. They also did a great job of clearing up the plates you were finished at quickly so they did not just sit and pile up on the table. Overall this place is best for their seafood and desserts. Everything else seems to be just ok. Not sure if I would go back, that's a maybe. Overall,
5	Currently the best buffet in Vegas.  All the standards (peeled shrimp, Alaskan king crab legs, etc) with the addition of traditional Chinese, Italian, BBQ and so much more.  The best items imho are the seafood specialty items (mini clam bakes, puff pastries filled with seafood, etc.)The price is a bit high and it does get crowded.  As a New Yorker I use the trick to go at 3 or 4 when the lines aren't long.
4	Pretty good buffet overall. Waiting system where you put your number in to get a text when there's a free table is nice , and on this Friday night we were able to get in right away even though the machines said 55 min. Very diverse selection of food and all of it is pretty well made and fresh. Seating is a little cramped, almost reminded me of a cafeteria or dining hall, which is not what you want when you're paying $54 bucks a person. Other the potential wait times and the seating arrangments, a-ok!
5	A must if you are in town!
3	It has the potential of being 5 stars, if the meat was cooked and seasoned better and the hot food was "hot".   Another reason I didn't give it 5 starts was because my server was sick, and she kept sneezing at our table.   I just hope we don't catch what she has......
3	I don't do buffets, but was told that if there's one buffet that I need to go to, then it's Bacchanal.  I've had Bacchanal bookmarked for over a year and finally got the opportunity to try them.  With over 1,800 reviews and 4,500 pictures already posted, there really is no sense to make this a long review with a ton of pictures.  All I have to say is that I wasn't too impressed. I didn't have a bad experience, I just don't think Bacchanal is 5 or even 4 stars to me.  The service is great, the selection is great, the food is just okay, and the price of $50+ is not worth it. And in my opinion, all these buffets are beginning to taste the same.  I also never seem to get my money's worth at these places.  For the price, I rather be served a good meal then have to wait in line for a "just okay" one. But at least I finally got to take care of one of my bookmarks.  The End. YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (059/366)
4	Great little buffet.  It's not the biggest buffet around, but you'll definitely enjoy yourself.  I had breakfast there once and it was definitely something I'd check out again.  I'd recommend showing up early if you want to check it out.PRO:+Delicious options+Buffet provides little rubber holders for the hot plates so you don't burn your hands+Wait staff is very helpful and cleans dishes quickly+Very convenient for those staying in the Palace Tower @ CaesarsCON:-Smaller than other Vegas buffets  -Sometimes there's a large line to get in
4	The food quality isn't as good as it was when they first opened but still nonetheless one of the buffets in Vegas that you have to try or come back to. The crab legs that was once the Must Have is not meh, typical buffet crab legs. My wife loves the fresh oysters and I absolutely love....... Get ready for it...... Wait for it...... Wait....... Here it comes........ Anthony! (Think that's his name) the big brother that serves the meat. Dude is funnier than hell. Whoever is reading this please correct his name for me. You'll know who he is if you went. People like him makes you smile and enjoy the food that much more.
1	Caesar's Palace? I would have done better to go to Little Caesar's.I have to that, in a lifetime of eating in buffet restaurants, from cruise ship buffets to hometown smorgasbords, this is the single worst experience I've ever had.We pulled into Vegas exhausted and hungry after an 8-hour drive, and decided to just do the buffet at Caesar's Palace, where we were staying. We'd heard it was good, and, as we both have dietary restrictions, we thought it would be a pretty good bet. Usually we have no trouble finding enough that we can eat on a good buffet, and we were too tired to plow through restaurant listings to try to find something better that could accommodate us.Before I go on to the food, I do have to mention the price. Yes, I get that everything in Vegas is expensive, but $116 for a buffet meal for two people that doesn't even include a beer is pretty OTT. I don't like most soft drinks, so that meant water for me (or pay more on top of the already outrageous price for something drinkable). We probably should have backed out at that point, but we were starving and we were on vacation, so...Still, it would have been OK if the food had been decent, but it was just horrible. In fact, It's difficult to describe just how terrible the food was. The salad greens were dried out and wilted. The salad dressings were completely mixed up, and dressings from one container dribbled into others. This was a serious problem, as my husband has a dangerous seafood allergy and one of the dressings was Caesar. None of the employees seemed to know which dressing was which, or what was in anything. We finally had to ask for  a separate bowl of ranch dressing to make sure he didn't get something that had been contaminated with seafood.On the pizza bar, the only vegetarian choice was plain cheese, and it was bland and tasteless. I've had better pizza from the freezer compartment at Safeway. The rice and beans on the Mexican bar were also dried out and next to tasteless. Even the pita in the Mediterranean section was dry. I have, seriously, had better food in a high school cafeteria.To make things worse, the steam table in the carvery section was badly in need of cleaning. I couldn't stand to walk past it, the smell was so bad. Really nasty!Finally, to add insult to injury, the dish of pistachio ice cream I got  in the hopes of finding SOMETHING worth eating for that kind of money tasted more like vanilla than pistachio. Suffice it to say we won't be back. If we want another buffet meal in Vegas we'll walk over to Mirage...it's pricey too (though not this pricey!), but at least the food is edible!
4	In terms of quantity, Bacchanal Buffet is No. 1 in Vegas. In terms of price, service and maybe even quality, it's No.2. I'm gonna skip a lot of food details because there are tons of new reviews every day about this place. The Mexican section and the meats were my favorites but they have almost everything you can think of. I'll just say this: You cannot possibly eat it all. And what you do eat is of quality taste and preparation. But it's impossible to "get your money's worth" and any time spent waiting in a line for this is time wasted. I think the only way I'd go back is if it wasn't my choice, which is to say if friends of mine wanted to go, I would join them. Do not mistake this for a bad review -- the place is expensive but tasty. It's just not my favorite. Wanna know what is?
2	Went for the Friday night $55.00 dinner...here ya go folks...Bellagio and Rio are WAAAY betterTotally bummed on this. Not what I expected, not what everyone else experienced either I guess :(I was super stoked on this place as its rated the "Best" I Yelped it and I was excited...super sad faced now...Food Coma? For sure, of course, satisfied though? Nope.The Lobster Corn Chowda had no Lobster, the Miso Glazed Sea Bass was so fishy and cold it was inedible. The crab did not come off the legs even though they were split and the ribs tasted funny...like crappy funny :(I was really looking forward to the Souffle they make to order...didn't have it, FAIL. I was excited for the chicken basket everyone was bragging about on here, didn't  have it, FAIL :(I went to get Pho, no one was there to help me and I wanted the soup dangit!!Beers were cheap, service was good but I really cant say much more...Oh wait, yes I can...I got DIRTY SHRIMPS...nuff said :/
5	Let me just preface by saying...I had DREAMS about this place. It's that good!!I felt like a little kid in a candy store when I first stepped in here and didn't even know where to begin with the crazy large selection of food from Asian to Mexican to Italian..you name it!I loved their sweet potato tots, steamed crab, Japanese ramen, dim sum...well I basically loved it all...Oh, and I loved the drink selection they had right by the fried food with fresh HORCHATA, pineapple juice, and many more in these cute, individual glass jars (it's the little things!)And don't even get me started on the desserts! Ahh, these are the times I wish my stomach was bigger so I could try everything, but unfortunately, by the time I was eating desserts, my stomach felt like it was going to explode.  Still, from what I managed to stuff in my mouth before feeling sick, my favorites were the Black sesame mochi, sticky toffee ice cream, macarons, and build your own CREPES...my mouth is watering at the thought! The wait is reallyyyy long here, especially on the weekends (I know someone who waited 5 hours!) so try coming for an early lunch/dinner or be prepared to wait! I think you can give them your phone number, and go do your own thing, then they'll call you back when it's time so you don't have to stand in line the whole time which is a plus!Even if you're not a fan of buffets or aren't too keen in spending $55 for one meal, you owe it to yourself to try to this place out once in your life...it's definitely an experience eating here!
2	I was excited to come try this place out since I heard good things but was quickly disappointed when most of the food was cold. There is a variety of food to try but quality is sub par. It's not worth the price and will not return.
4	VERY good they have so much selection of foodi mean the quality isnt the best but they do have a lot of differnet types of food in a nice  iv been here twice and rememebr i had to be taken to my hotel room via forklift...its NUTS i ate the whole place it was delicious! only knock ont his place is the CCCCCCCCRAZY PRICE but could be worth it. watch out for the line! can be super long. they also have a cheasy fast pass line where you pay extra...oh vegas....so dirty
5	The buffet totally makes up for the long wait.My party and I went Friday night to kick off our Vegas weekend. Initially I was so pissed at how they made us wait in this small corner FOREVER after telling us our table would be ready in 15 minutes. But we got to the buffet and all was forgiven.They have different cuisines so naturally, I had to try each one. :P My friends were all about that seafood life. Unlimited oysters and snow crab legs, cooked and cold! I actually fell in love with their duck. They had American, Italian, Asian (including some Dim Sum!!), Mexican, etc. They also had small plates of chef's specialty.The dessert bar is HEAVEN. I slipped into a food coma and was sent to buffet dessert bar heaven! They had gelato, cakes, crepes, flan, macarons, cake balls, chocolate covered strawberries (different kinds too!), and anything you could think of.If I could have afforded to eat their every night, I would have!
3	I was a little disappointed in this buffet, maybe I went on the wrong day but many of the delicious looking items in the cute baskets weren't there the day I went. There were many good items to eat but the lunch price is closer to a dinner price. King crab legs were great though. The prime rib could've been more rare unfortunately. Still a very good quality buffet overall but hopefully the quality doesn't deteriorate.
4	Come early! or wait in the ridiculous line. or pay the $15 extra bucks!I came here 2 times...both times it was around 10 am and the line wasn't packed 30 minutes later people started to line up like a mad house...who knew 30 minutes would make a difference? it's like traffic on the 405 (except that it's 5 minutes instead of 30 lol)...the first time I went, I was amazed by all the food that they had!They have the usual breakfast stuff, the Asian (Chinese & Japanese station), Mexican, American, Italian, Seafood, and you can't forget dessert!I tend to go to the "freshly made" concoctions which are the noodles where you can get Ramen, Pho, or Chinese Noodle type that's clear broth. Tacos are the bomb! Omelettes and such and the Crepe for dessert!As of today, I would say it is the best buffet in Vegas, but you know the second time I went it was a bit lacking but still the best compared to everywhere else..I went the weekend before Christmas. It was quiet but for some reason this place is always packed. For reason with all these people some foods you actually had to wait. The best thing about this place is that they actually have fresh squeez juices in that cute containers...i think they're like apple cranberry, mango, pineapple, and/or green melon (honeydew)...well, the colors at least i usually tend to get the honeydew one lol...but these go out so quick that some times it's not replaced quickly. plus, due to all these people its not as clean cuz people tnd to drop stuff etc on the counters.But don't let that discourage you to try this place out. The food is pretty good compared to other buffets and have a lot of choices. but damn buffets this days espcially for vegas and especially for brunch (champaigne included) can run up your bill...say bye bye to your winnings! - if you won in Vegas ;) or say goodbye to your money and say hello to your big belly! lol
3	My review is the only one you need to read. This is a good breakfast buffet. Wicked Spoon is better. The Bellagio buffet has really gone down-hill, don't even bother. If you have to do a buffet then either this one or Wicked Spoon is the way to go.  I can't believe I got suckered into going to the Paris buffet which I know is awful, and there's a long line like they're giving it away for free (they're not). Luckily I'm a diamond status Harrah's member so I don't wait.   I digress.  My favorite 3 breakfast places in Vegas are Bouchon at the Venetian, Bacchanal at Caesar's, Wicked Spoon at Cosmo, and a little diner on Fremont with the best darn diner food ever. Can't remember it's name but it's on the end of Fremont and had the original phone number "1" you can figure it out. Best pancakes etc.....
3	It was voted the #1 buffet in Vegas by USA Today.  Intrigued by this honor and ready to overindulge Vegas style, we skipped breakfast and headed over for a late lunch.There are many stations:  Fresh Seafood, American BBQ, Mexican, Italian, and Asian.The oysters were fresh and the jumbo shrimp was not overly cooked.  The cocktail sauce had a nice kick from the horseradish.  Off to a good start!The prime rib was overcooked; even the rarest piece was medium-well at best.  The meatball was tasty and not filled with breadcrumbs.  The pizzas had a nice crust and were satisfying.Step away from the Asian selection.  An interesting amalgamation of Chinese, Thai and  Japanese.  The chow fun was dry, the sushi was what you'd expect at a buffet but the selection (only 3 kinds) was disappointing.  The char sui bao filling was yummy but the bread was hard and the har gow was gummy.All in all, just okay.  Buffet includes soft drinks, tea and juice.  Price is steep, but Vegas is not cheap.  And, if you make it your only meal you come out ahead.
3	I tried Bacchanal during my trip to Las Vegas last weekend.  As this was rated the #1 Buffet in Vegas, I was excited to give it a try. There is a large selection of food to choose from. If they don't have it, you probably don't need it. :o)  There are Mexican, Italian, Asian, Southern cuisines and more.  I tried  everything from shrimp and grits, to sushi, to ratatouille, to charcuterie and more.  It was all good enough.  But as the old adage goes, they are a jack of all trades, but master of none. In my opinion, a smaller selection of food prepared impeccably is preferable to everything under the sun and it all being "meh".  I did manage to save a little room for dessert and really enjoyed that station, and I am not a big dessert person.  The chocolate covered strawberries were awesome! They were dipped in butterfingers, how can that be anything but awesome?!Overall, the buffet is aesthetically pleasing.  The food selection is quite diverse. But I do not feel it is worth the $55+ per person.  I much preferred the more reasonably priced buffet at the Rio.
5	Unreal!!! Excellent quality food as far as you can see...Crab,oyster,shrimp,prime rib, ham, turkey,sushi blah, blah -it never ends and it's all wonderful. The room is so beautiful and the servers are good. However $17 for a small glass of wine was ridiculous.
5	S2This buffet took my Vegas buffet top spot; sorry Bellagio.  Great variety and freshness.  Decor is quite nice.  They keep sending mimosas at me! I would definitely look out for the long lines...btw you can get a $1 discount/person if you have a Total Rewards card (which is free, and you can get while you kill time waiting.)
3	My second trip to the Bacchanal buffet was not the same as my first experience. This second time around was disappointing. Lamb chops where tough and not eatable. BBQ beef ribs where partially raw. Shrimp cocktail was off. I found it strange that there was no line on a Sunday night around diner time. I'm so bummed b/c we had such an amazing first experience. Probably won't be back considering how expensive this buffet is. :(
4	This buffet definitely lives up to the hype. Line can get ridiculous (I'm talking 2+ hour wait) unless you want to pay extra money or just be lucky enough to be or have someone in your party be a platinum/diamond member and bypass it (Thanks June! :)) Although parties of 8 or more are automatically charged 18% gratuity, the service was beyond exceptional and unlike any other buffet we've been to.Best part of the buffet is the dessert! I love the made-to-order crepes and the mochi ice cream. Unlimited. That's the way to go  And if you find yourself not wanting to wait in line for that long you can walk to the buffet at the Bellagio, which nowadays has a shorter queue (and serves beef Wellington which bacchanal unfortunately lacks)
5	If you're trying to decide what buffet is worth waiting, paying and going to in Vegas, consider your decision made, GO HERE!This buffet has something (or a lot of things) for everyone regardless of whether you're an all you can eat seafood lover or enjoy a few bites of basic foods.The buffet starts off with the section I don't even bother looking at, seafood. From what I can tell they have crab legs, mussels, shrimp, oysters, ceviche, etc. Then you get to the fried potato, bbq type sides and meat station. All sorts of meats from ribs to sausages to chicken. I choose the truffle tots, waffle fries and mac and cheese from this section. (I'm the enjoy a few bites of basic food type.)Then you have at least 5 kinds of bread and 4 types of soup.Then you get to the mexican station, one of my favorites. You can make your own tacos here, or any other sort of mexican creation between the rice, beans, different meats, sauces and toppings they offer. Nachos made with waffle fries anybody?Then you go around the corner to the second part of the buffet. Here you have some pastas to choose from, made to order omelet bar or boiled crab legs (depending on the type of day), and pizza. Then you have the charcuterie section, followed by the cheese section.To finish it off comes the asian food section which includes more foods than I could identify. You have your noodles, sushi, some sort of soup making station, pork buns, fried rice, meat dishes and then some. For the cherry on top, make your way to the dessert buffet island in the middle of the floor. There you can stuff your own made to order fresh crepe, order some gelato or pick your favorite small bites of dessert. I cannot wait to go back!!! Best part is the new waiting system. You check-in and can then go on your merry way around the casino. The computer system will text you letting you know when it is time to head back to the buffet to be seated. Sure you'll still wait around 15 minutes or so but that's better than an hour or two!
5	Want to eat like you just hit the jackpot?  Come here.It's not cheap.  It's $55 for dinner but it was worth every cent.  Get there early because after 6PM the line gets pretty crazy.Excellent quality of food and taste was on point.  King crab legs were in the Italian section and upon request.  You're welcome :)My one and only con was their molten "lava" cake.  There was no lava...Best buffet I've tried on the strip so far.  Wicked Spoon can't touch this.
4	The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of the long wait times.  This place is most definitely worth the wait! Be sure to cruise and take a look at EVERYTHING before piling up your plate. The biggest and best selection of just about anything u could imagine.
3	Rated #1 by USA magazine food was great although for the price I felt it should of been a little better and lot more selection. The seafood was just great and fresh, the meat section lamb and steak my favorite. The Asian selection was not enough and the Italian section was really lacking they only had 1 pasta dish where is the rest? The dessert was just amazing love everything that alone will come back for :) Love the setting and ambience not your average buffet.  If you have the money to splurge then go but if not you can go to other  buffets and have more selection.
4	i'm a marathon eater and vegas buffets are my playground. my current favorite has to be bacchanal. i can't tell you every single thing ive eaten at this buffet, but here are a few notables:- chinese food/dimsum- tacos- kobe sliders- prime rib- baby lamb chops- oyster shooters- made to order ramen, pho, udon- mochi ice creampros:- delicious food! oh the delicious delicious food. the endless supply of delicious food- the new paging system! i was lucky to not have to use it, but apparently the paging system lets you go and gamble and drink without having to wait in line- the put a bar in! there used to be a fountain next to the line at the front, but the intelligently put a bar in for all the people who are waiting and don't gamble. at least let us drink the time away- wine list was pretty reasonable. while the wine itself was just okay, the prices were very doable. cons:- price. gone are the days when buffet was a nice $27. yea, dinner is pricey, but it's worth it. for the glutton in all of us. what happens in vegas stays in vegas, even if it's your weight in crab legs, right?*tip* if you want to try to avoid the lines, opt for going on sunday, there should be less of a line, and try to go on the early side would i go again? yes!
3	It was worth a try, good selection but the Asian section needs some work. The dimSum was dry and not edible. The sushi was something you'd expect from a hole in the wall buffet in your home town. Pad Thai was greasy. The Mexican section was also disgusting. I only stuck with the meat carving area and seafood. Although I had bubble guts all day after eating here. Idk if it was because of the Nasty Asian food I tried or from the oysters. If I am going to pay buku bucks for a buffet, id expect everything to be up to par. At least everything to be edible.
5	I've been to a lot of Buffets but this beats them all, Hands Down. What first impressed me was that there were Chefs at each station and each station had there own Kitchen. The detail was Incredible. Here are some of the Highlites. Mushroom Truffle Soup, Actually brought a tear to my eye. Smoked Turkey, Best Turkey Ever. Prime Rib, Drool. Shrimp, Perfect. Sushi was Outstanding and actually sweet. The Tuna was so Fresh. Lobster Benedict, Damn. Listen, Everything was Good. Good, No, Great. While it is expensive, it was worth every penny. Oh and go for Breakfast to try the Smoked Orange Pork Belly. Left me Speechless.
4	Came here on a Saturday around 1pm. To my surprise no line, but wait... They have a new system where you go to a screen touch computer and input your info (name, phone number, and # of ppl in your party); the computer then generates a time for you to come back to pay. Personally, I like this better than waiting in line for over an hour. Pretty smart for the hotel also because while you wait for your time chances are you are playing, so the hotel makes more money. We had a party of 9 people and we were given a time for 2:45pm, so over an hour wait. That's pretty typical for this buffet, at least we didn't have to stand waiting in line. They will text 10 mins prior to your  designated time and you just go straight to the hostess and she then directs you to the cashier to pay. We waited about 10 mins to get a table after paying. Not bad! For the food... Great selections; definitely better than other buffets on the strip. Make sure you come hungry because there will be plenty of food for you to choose from!
2	So I come here on my birthday thinking it's the best Buffet in town. (A little pricey for me  )but it's NOT! Well the food was good. The false advertisement took me by surprise. I called the Buffet around 6 pm to make sure they had snow, king and stone crab and the Buffet said they sure did. For $50 per person I thought that was great. So decided to try. Side note I've been going to the Bellagio Buffet for $29 mon - thurs & get a king and snow crab. They have it complete separated. Ok now back to Bacchanal Buffet. I ask the chef at the crab station where the stone crab was and he looked at me like I was crazy. He said we don't have stone crab and the king crab is mixed with the snow crab. It was like looking for a needle in a hay stack. Started out disappointed. Talked to the front person seating guests and they apologized for not having stone and assured me they have not had it or ever had it and that king was not really available. They said "Michelle" the manager on duty would come over to my table and explain. Well "Michelle" never came. The front lady came again to my table & apologized for Michelle not coming and said would have the main dinning restaurant serve me some king crab. So they did. And it was good. But the quality of the king crab was no where near as large or tasteful as the Bellagio Buffet for less money. I'm not coming back here for this price.., rather go elsewhere!
4	Better than the Wicked Spoon any day anytime !!! Have been here 15 years and have dined everywhere inexpensive/expensive and if you want quality/quanity this is the place to go for a buffet !!
5	This is really the best buffet I had in Vegas ever. $54+tax it's a bit pricey but it is worth the experience. They have put care in their foods, their foods are authentic and very tasty. The seafoods are fresh, especially the raw oysters. Everything there I wouldn't mind eating. Overall, this place is very good and service is also good.
3	Went ahead and try the lunch buffet on Friday.  I think this place is overrated and is way over priced. (43 bucks for a lunch buffet)  Three things that I like about this place:Great Asian Food Selection: Roast Duck, BBQ Pork, Pork Siu Mai, Har Gow, Custard Bun, Noodle Station (Pho, Tonkotsu Ramen (watered down but tasted alright), Udon), Congee with thousand years egg and Chinese Donut. Taco Station: Carne Asada, Carnitas, Pollo...Don't remember seeing fish taco.Great selections from the Carving station: Prime Rib, Ham, Brisket, Sausages, Turkey, Pork Ribs.They also have fresh oysters and crab legs.As far as desert goes, Wynn and Bellagio have better selections.  My conclusion, if you want more selections on Asian food then, you can come here otherwise, just go to Wynn.  You can get great Asian food elsewhere.
5	If you don't want to read my crazy long review, then just take one thing away: Go with friends, lots of them!  There are soooo many delicious-looking yummy dishes and desserts to try, and unless you are a black hole, there is no way you can sample themall yourself!  By splitting everything, we were barely able to sample every dish at the buffet before calling it quits~ :)The buffet atmosphere is awesome!  The food area is clean and well kept, the floors and vacant tables are spotless, and the design is brightly lit. Bacchanal definitely stole my group of girls' hearts with the dessert area.  Be sure to take a walk around the entire buffet before jumping in line, because the buffet winds around all the way to the back starting with seafood, homestyle American and BBQ, fruits and juices (they have horchata, albeit it being overly sweet), Mexican, (an extremely small area of) Indian and Italian, pizza, charcuterie (think meat plate), cheeses, salads, Thai, sushi, dimsum, and Chinese food. The dessert area is it's own entity in the middle of the establishment with petite cakes, cookies, pies, crumbles, macarons, whoopie pies, fruit, and gelato!  My sweet dreams come true :') seems like they continuously make their desserts fresh, so visit this area often because new ones occasionally pop up. I actually really dislike buffets because I have no self control =.=' buuuut Bacchanal's lunch buffet was $48, and it was totally worth it for the experience with my friends!  Just looking at the food was fun by itself, and there were a lot of choices that were new to me, like ceviche. It was great, since I could just sample a little ceviche instead of ordering it at a restaurant and risk not liking it.  The buffet comes with bottomless mimosas, and afterwards be sure to enjoy some organic peppermint tea (which helped us soothe our overworked tummies!).  There was some filming going on for what I'm guessing was a Food Network show, so Bacchanal *must* be da bomb, right? I highly recommend the miso sea bass from the seafood area!  It's super tender, wonderfully flavored, and is served with bok choy and something that I think was wasabi mashed potatoes. Really interesting flavor mix and oh-so-dang-delicious ^^!  And if you think you see a tea dispenser near the seafood and pizza stations, that's not a tea dispenser. It's melted butter. One of my friends learned the hard way, haha!Apparently patrons can stay up to 2 hours, but I'm pretty sure as long as you are still eating and not just camping out to wait for dinner, your group doesn't have to worry about stopping mid-bite. Just FYI, lunch and dinner have the same menu. Our waitress was *the* nicest lady ever and super smiley, yayyy ^^ Don't forget to tip generously-- the wait staff works hard clearing dishes from your feast and making you feel like a king!
5	THIS PLACE IS HEAVENLY!If you're willing to pay the big ticket, you will have no regrets. Now when deciding to come to this place, feel free to make alternate plans for those with you who are nibblers and don't really chow down... it's a waste of money. You're paying for free reign to probably 200+ unique items and tasting only 2-3 of those will not add up to the $40-$70 you'll be spending here.With that said... OMG Bacchanal is a food lovers dream. I don't even know where to start but my favorite area was the meat station where they had like 10 cuts of meat and 10 different types of sausages. Shrimp and Grits, Char sui BBQ Pork, sushi, charcuterie, Osso Buco, street tacos, sliders, Pho, and Creme Brulee, to name a fraction of the things they had.IF YOU LOVE FOOD, this place is a MUST!
5	This place is AMAZING ! I went here on Friday night with my boyfriend around 9pm they didn't have a line at all. The girl told us food will serve until they close which was 11PM on a Friday night we said okay lets do this. We paid for this buffet along with the 24 hours buffet we had the total reward card so it was a bit cheaper. Total for two on Friday with the 24 hour buffet ( paid $30 extra each for this buffet ) came up to $205 and something cent.We were seated had the server took down our drinks. We rush like animals to get food cause they were closing soon. I was surprise they had EVERYTHING still refilled !! Prime rib, steak ,Lamb chop...... Oyster were fresh! Fresh juicy crab legs!! And Kobe beef burger ! What!!!!?? Delish! Also don't forget to check out the dessert place if it's your birthday tell them and they will make you a plate of their choice and write happy bday on it which is nice. When it hit 11pm all the food is put away EXCEPT dessert so yum yum. ( we went clubbing after this ... Yup not a good idea lol )
1	We had been waiting for a while to try out the revamped Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's. Wonderful selection of higher end food for a Vegas buffet. Oyster's, Lamb, Cold or Steamed Crab legs, Desserts Galore.BUT...Here are the issues which made this place lose all its stars...1) We all got some sort of food poisoning from eating there, and it wasn't the meat because there was a vegetarian in our group who had the same result.2) The lamb was inedible. It was rubbery and tough.3) Checking in, we waited in a line for 15 minutes and when we got to the front desk, they said we needed to get back in line in 20 minutes because the line to get in after that line was too long (it was really short so we scratched our heads). The next party was told the same thing, and then everyone behind us was let in, so we in effect were made to wait in 3 lines. We were dressed nicely and we're pretty average looking, so I don't think that was an issue - most folks in Vegas are in shorts and flip flops anyhow.4) The price is more than most of the other Vegas buffets. There's too many good buffets to justify it. Go to the Wynn or Cosmopolitan instead for more expensive buffets or you can hit the 3 1/2 star buffets at the Rio (there's two) for a good buffet.Note: Not very good for vegetarians. I saw a Yelp review of the Cosmopolitan Buffet that said there were quite a few vegetarian friendly dishes there.
5	wicked spoon may have come up with the individual serving idea, but bacchanal executes far better - each dish tastes like it was prepared to order.  the tacos were great and the ramen tasted better than most ramen shops in SF.  great shrimps, carving area with huge selection - like brisket and ribs.  one let down was they ran out of sushi...well, make some more. the ticket line system is cool too. you hold your place in line through a machine and you get a text when you are in front of the line.  so you can gamble while you wait instead of standing in line.  mimosa was also cold which makes it delicious.
4	You do realize this is buffet, right? There is something to be expected regarding the food quality at a buffet, period. On that scale, I see why this place has been named the #1 buffet by USA Today like 4 years in a row or something? The variety is phenomenal. The taste of the food is better than buffet expected, but only if you don't allow yourself to be blinded by how nicely designed and kept the interior is. I do have to note that how incredibly clean they keep this place is pretty spectacular, given the amount of volume going through. Some of the food tasted pretty amazing, some of it was meh. Regardless, they keep everything STOCKED to the max (the cold seafood line had me drooling before getting seated) except for the hot crab legs. If you have a sweet tooth, you'll be in heaven at the dessert section here. This spot is a Vegas must-try, once.
5	Definitely the cream of the crop for Vegas Buffets. Unparalleled selection, and I mean no other buffet comes close. They had everything here - an extensive dessert selection, all sorts of carved meats including your usual culprits, sports bar food like wings and sliders and tater tots, sushi that was surprisingly decent, a variety of soups including a Chinese chicken ginseng soup that was actually well made, a great raw bar with fresh oysters and not-salty king crab, and the list continues with other various bits of deliciousness.You can get a few bucks off with your Total Rewards Card by the way. It's not cheap, but definitely worth going to at least once to try it for the sheer variety. I know I'll definitely be going back here in the future.Note: I visited this buffet in August, 2013, so I don't know if anything has changed since then.
5	You have just been hit by a mack truck while crossing a street and you have unfortunately passed from this world to the next.  The next thing you do is come to in a bountiful buffet with everything your heart could ever desire.  My friend, great news, you aren't dead, you've just been hit so hard by that truck that it knocked you all the way into the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars Palace in Vegas.  However if you didn't know any better after one look at the offerings of this buffet you might think you were in heaven, and that's completely understandable.There are buffet options as far as the eye can see, some hidden in the back, and even a huge desert counter in the middle of the place.  You name it and they probably have it at this buffet.  The website says that Bacchanal is like 9 restaurants in one place, and that means I missed 5 of them while I was there.  However, I did stuff my face with quite a bit...My first plate had waffles and pancakes.  The next was pizza, some random cheeses, and some pasta primavera.  My last plate was fried chicken, mash potatoes, mac n cheese, and a slider.  When I put my last plate on the table in front of my friends I had no choice but to say out loud "'MERIKA!!!".   You want to talk about white trash dreams? Well I had mine when I was eating fried chicken and washing it down with champagne.  That's right, on the weekends there's unlimited champagne.  Being the boozers that we are, we even skipped the orange juice and just told them to keep the champagne coming.  They were surprisingly cool with that. If you're in Vegas and you can't win big at the slots or the tables, then go here, because with a spread like this, everyone wins.
4	This is the only buffet on the strip to challenge the Wicked Spoon. The food here is tasteful, however they are beyond stingy with their mimosas (and when you're paying for unlimited, they better taste up to my standards). The overall experience at the buffet was good, however there were a few issues. The host at the cashier stand was not very friendly and the server was asked by the hostess to take two groups to two different tables, he mixed up the tickets numbers and gave the party of 2 that was before us the table we were supposed to have. When he realized his mistake, we had to go back to the front of the wait line and wait another 10min for a table.
3	48 Dollars and a 20 minute wait should equal the best buffet you'd ever imagine.   But I found it par-for-the-course.   Lots of options, but the food was average. It turns out the premier Vegas buffet is more hype than substance.
3	Not as good as all the hype!   Not bad, don't get me wrong,  just not worth $50/person and the number one rating for all buffets in Las Vegas (AKA: buffet town).   Attention to detail and customer service is lacking at this price point.  The high end food options are limited and not that well executed.  I did really like the meat cutting station and the big personality chef working it.
2	Pretty good. Your average buffet. Long lines, avoid it if you can, not worth the wait. There are better buffets on the strip if you really want to eat in the area. It would be a 3 star restaurant if not for the insanely long wait
4	EPIC and Perfect (except I took a star off for the wait)But we love it and we'll be back.Its got the smashing dessert collection, expensive seafoods and meats, weird drinks.Only place to get unlimited fresh raw oysters that you can trust on the strip.  So MUCH VARIETY, you will not know what to do with yourself.  Come hungry, don't waste your tummy on cheap food (even though its good), like rice or whatever.Take a look at all the pictures other people took.
5	The most expensive buffet I've ever been to -- and also the best, by far!There are so many options to choose from, whatever you like, you have a good chance of finding it here. The Asian foods were what I enjoyed the most, but there is clearly something for everyone . The Peking Duck is awesome and it's tied with the Wagyu sliders as my favs here. I would pay a lot just to get those two dishes!The smoked salmon is first rate, as is the prime rib, brisket, char-shu pork, spare ribs, bao, pad thai, and chow fun. I was so full I didn't even get to try the sushi which looked good too.Great dessert bar, I managed to put away some excellent gelato and finished with a pot of Italian roast coffee that was (surprisingly) savory.I can not recommend this buffet strongly enough. If price is an issue, go at lunch when it's a bit less. Still pricey, but not a ton more than you'd pay at many other mid-range restaurants. You have to get your own food, but that's a small price to pay. And you get to choose what you want and how much you want. I can't wait to go back!
5	I love this buffet.  We always make a stop here for their Champagne Brunch when we come out to Vegas.  The food is really high quality and you can taste it.  Everything I have eaten here was good and they have a nice variety.  I like the fresh squeezed juices to add to my champagne as well.  I have eaten at the Wicked Spoon, Cravings at the Mirage, and The Wynn Buffet....this one is my favorite.
4	Bacchanal is rated the #1 buffet in Las Vegas. Having the chance to visit one other buffet that shall remain nameless, I do understand why. Bacchanal is well organized and the food is pretty good. Enjoyed the nice variety. Its nearly impossible to try everything because there is so much to choose from. Overall, I really enjoyed the experience, and while it is a little pricey, it was worth the money, and I would encourage you to visit if you were in Vegas.
4	Great quality and variety.  The lamb chops were terrific and a change from standard buffet food.  Too bad they only give you one at a time, not that I can't use the exercise.    The duck was delicious.  I have eaten a lot of Chinese roast duck in my day, this may have been the tastiest, juiciest I have had.  The beef rib resembled a tomahawk steak - prime rib style.  Really beefy, more like prime rib than bbq rib.  The shrimp was big and juicy.  I am not sure what type of shrimp, but it was much better than the others I have had at LV buffets.  These items I found to be the highlight and difference maker in the other buffets?   Why only 4 stars?  The price is the highest of the top-notch Vegas buffets and can be a deal breaker for some.  If you are not the lamb-duck kind of eater, the Wynn may be a better place for you.  If they had king crab instead of snow, this would make the 5 stars.
5	2nd time here, this buffet is on the top! Shrimp and Grits, Oyster shooters, crab legs, and check this out, Sinigang too! Yup! Street tacos! Bam! Mochi ice cream too!I usually come around 2 so I can pay for lunch, and get the dinner spread at 3 pm!
5	Great food!  Fantastic ceviche, crab legs, prime rib!  Huge selection of desserts and they are awesome!  Worth the money as the food is excellent.
4	Went here in between lunch and dinner on a Friday afternoon, it was a buffet paradise! There's an endless amount of everything! They have seafood, BBQ, American, Japanese, Chinese and some pasta too! With a vast variety of desserts. The service was good, the place itself was roomy, great for groups. Definitely want to go back next time I'm in Vegas!
5	This is the best buffet in Vegas. What makes is great is the attention to detail. Yes, the major ticket items are delicious (crab legs, prime rib), but what stands out is how delicious the everyday items are. The sliders, small, delicate, flavorful. The tacos, as an LA native they get my stamp of approval. The other thing that stands out about this buffet is the Asian foods section, from Thai, to Japanese (not just sushi but also ramen), to Chinese (both dim sum and regular dishes) everything is flavorful and to die for. Expensive? Yes. Worth it? If you like buffets, absolutely.
5	After coming to Vegas off and on the last decade and then finally moving here 4 years ago, I've become a bit of an expert on the Vegas AYCE experience...Been to the Bachannal Buffet a dozen times now and it is THE BEST BUFFET in Vegas hands down...and I've been to them all multiple times. Just to review my last dining experience which was Saturday Night 3/22/14...PROS-The best quality/variety of carved meat station on any Las Vegas buffet...delicious, high quality lamb and prime rib and much more-Hot or cold higher quality king crab than any other buffet (Bellagio, you suck)-Jumbo prawns-Miso glazed Chilean Seabass with pesto mashed potatoes-Awesome mushroom truffle soup (not quite Guy Savoy awesome, but awesome)-Shrimp and grits that were just as good as the famous Border Grill at Mandalay-Truffled Scalloped potatoes-Sushi if you feel up to a couple pieces (rainbow rolls, etc..)-Higher end meat and cheese station-Carne asada that I took (sans tortilla) and dunk right into fresh guacamole. Yum!-Juice bar with around 6 different juices-The best deserts, fresh crepes and all the mochi ice cream you can handle-Addicting sweet potato tots, sweet and salty and so good!-Asian section that I never bother with because I'd rather eat 2 full racks of lamb..or more crab legs-Awesome peach green tea-Friendly, personable and helpful food handlers at pretty much every station, people I would look to hire if I had a restaurant-They rotate dishes in and out some days...I've been here often enough to see new stuff and have stuff I was looking for unavailable..."Hey management: keep the truffle soup and scalloped potatoes on all 7 days please!"CONS-The servers can be hit or miss...have had excellent service and then sometimes I've had a couple experiences where I do them the favor of not having to give me a drink (and for that matter not having to pay attention to my glass level since I get my own drinks at the new juice bar...). This means the only task they have to do is clear away my dishes...well at a table for 2 this Saturday, we had  2 stacks of 3 empty dirty dishes (6 dirty, empty plates) on top of each other where I couldn't even put another dish with food down because there wasn't any space and I kind of had to look over at one of them, like..."are you serious?". This has probably happened twice out of twelve visits where I've had a relatively MIA waitress, but both times were recent and both times were when the place was really crowded...maybe they can't keep up with the crowd (5pm Saturday night).Also, we were on dessert for a good 20 minutes and the waitress was clearing plates and not once asked us if we wanted a coffee. Their coffee is good too. I would have taken one but I probably would have had to shit halfway through the drive home.TIPS:-I usually splurge and go for dinner...(or pay for the end of lunch and eat slow into the dinner food)...But make sure you go for dinner. You are in Vegas. Experience the best food at the best buffet. Dinner is when the best food is out.-Ask for the peach green tea and try juices at the juice bar-If you want the HOT crab legs...they are in back near the pasta station not in the front...they'll separate out the king crab if you ask real nicely and they're in the mood.-Save room for dessert...just really good spread.TO THE BUFFET MANAGEMENT:I know your prices keep increasing and THAT IS FINE...really...if food costs are going up, please maintain the quality that you've had since the beginning even if it means a little increase here or there. These people come to Vegas and blow thousands of dollars, will pay $22 a drink a club, they will pay for good food on a buffet even if it's expensive...please continue to put out the quality of food that has made you guys special."The 7 Best"Bellagio: Way down hill from 2005Paris: Was great, now a jokeWynn: Still Ok, but noticeable cutbacksM Studio: Way down hill from earlier onWicked Spoon: Started great, went downhill fastAria: So-soBACCHANAL BUFFET: AWESOME, PLEASE STAY THAT WAY
3	There was a 1 1/2 hour wait for the Sunday Champagne brunch which was a little ridiculous, but the check-in kiosk/ text notification made it a tad more bearable. There was someone taking professional pictures of guests in line which I'm guessing you could purchase later as a keychain or coffee mug to remember the experience... We probably waited another 20 minutes after our reservation was called before we actually sat down. The overall selection was decent and the crab Benedict was amazing! I had hoped there would be more breakfast options personally. The bottomless mimosas/ champagne was good but I wish it could have been an optional add on since my husband doesn't drink. It was ~$95 for the two of us which was pretty steep for brunch, but I wanted to check it out since they remodeled. The layout is great and the decor is very minimalist & modern. The food isn't any more special than before. I might go back for dinner if there's no wait and we did good at the tables :-)
4	First time here. It's pretty good so far.This is a very classic looking buffet. It had a great variety of food, and most of it tasted really delicious.There were jumbo shrimp and cocktail sauce, which were probably my favorite. They were SO GOOD. Very plump and juicy.The downside was that the sushi was AWFUL. It was just very disappointing, because sushi is one of my favorite foods.Overall, I think I would come here again, though.
4	As you read reviews of Bacchanal you will see everything from a 1 rating to a 5 and you may wonder what that is about.  Let me try to explain.  Some people have an expectation that everything must be absolutely perfect and if it isn't, they will find things to bring their rating to a 1.  Others don't have much to compare it to and think it is the best and give it a 5.  Then you have a whole bunch of the rest of us right in the middle.  Those of us that may have been to lots of buffets and brunches, like we have, and really know what we are talking about.  The Bacchanal is one of the best in Las Vegas, for a high end buffet, but it is not perfect.  I say for a high end buffet because you have to compare it to others that are in approximately the same price range.  Don't compare it to something like Circus Circus because they are in a different category.We dined here on a Sunday at around 11:00 a.m. and the wait was only about 10 min. but it can be very long at prime times.  They do have terminals in front that will tell you approximately how long the wait will be and you can enter your cell number at that time for a reservation and you will be called when you are able to get in.  That way you can wander around or gamble in the casino instead of standing in a line.  Nice feature.The room is very nice and spread out so you don't feel crowded together.  The food areas for the most part are also spread out.  With one exception and this is a complaint we have with many buffets.  The carving station is placed right in the middle of a line of food which means that lines of people form and block other items of food that are then hard to get at.  Especially if you don't want anything from the carving station.  Sometimes the same is true of an omelet station.  It seems like places would figure it out when they decide to put in a carving or omelet station.There is a very wide selection of food here so that everyone should be able to find something they like.  Large shrimp and cracked crab legs are plentiful.  Many areas with different types of food.  The dessert area is set in the middle of the room by itself and has many many assorted cookies, cakes, pastries, ice cream, crepe and shave ice.The overall quality of the food is excellent and not filler food.  BUT.....almost all of the hot food items were just warm to almost room temp. at best!  Maybe it was just at the time we were there.  Most of the items are served in smaller portions on plates or in bowls so there aren't many large inserts of foods.  Perhaps this is why the foods aren't hot?  You are given a finger protector for hot plates,when you pay, but you certainly don't need them.  If the food had been hot, I would probably have given this a 5 instead of a 4.If you don't mind paying for a higher end buffet, other than the few things I mentioned in my review, you won't be disappointed.  All of the service we had was also very good.  Don't be unkind or demanding and you will always get the good service.  Don't forget to tip!  Even though the people that bring your drinks and take away all your dirty plates don't bring you your food, but they still work hard cleaning up your mess.  They deserve to be tipped.  There is a sign when you first come in telling you not to pick up and eat food at the serving areas but there will always be slobs, and I use that term loosely, that don't care and will stand there while they eat.  Just can't wait to get back to their tables and they will often spill things on the floor and make a mess.  We all see that kind of thing!  Why not show a little class instead of acting like a pig?
3	Bacchanal is a go buffet when you are Vegas, but it just seems they don't have too many selection on foods for the $$$, but the desserts are really good!
3	Went on Thanksgiving. Thought it was overrated for the price. We went for the Alaskan King Crab, there there wasn't any. Not sure I'll ever go back.
4	I am definitely fan!!!  the customer service is great and the idea of never ending amazing good quality food is wonderful!! YOU GET ALL THIS ONCE you get through the 2 hour line... Worth it though if you have the patience to wait.** try going at 1 30 because by the time you get through the semi long line at that time it will be 230 and at that time is it lunch still BUT you get lunch price and 30 min later dinner is served  and dinner line is already formed by the time you are paying!(:
5	This place is spectacular and worth every penny, especially if you go during Mon-Fri it is only $25 for Total Rewards members (which is a pretty cheap meal in Vegas).  Highlights were the shrimp and grits, lobster Benedict, smoked mussels, raspberry pancakes, custard mao, lyonnese potatoes, egg fritata, peppered bacon, pork sausage and Belgian waffles. Prepare to be uncomfortably full after this experience.
3	I was so excited to try out Bacchanal for the first time...I was a bit disappointed with my experience.  My mouth was watering after reading these amazing reviews, and once I coerced my friends into going, I left painfully full of mediocre food.We went at the end of brunch on a Saturday, so paid a little less than $50 for unlimited mimosas.  That was a plus...I definitely got $50 worth of champagne.The seating and the buffet stations were set up nicely in different food types.  I made a bee line for the seafood station, which was probably my favorite aside from the desserts.  They had huge jumbo shrimp, crab legs and oysters.  I would recommend getting the crab legs warm and don't forget the butter!  I enjoyed the miso glazed sea bass and the lobster corn chowder.Next, I had to try the carving station.  I tried the prime rib and pork belly...all super salty and dry.  Very disappointed.  Mac and cheese was ok.I would stay away from the sushi...sushi rice was not good and it is just filler anyway.  The dim sum station was decent.  Nothing else really stood out to me.The dessert station is located in the middle of the restaurant and is filled with delicious gelato, chocolate dipped strawberries (huuugge!), mini-cakes, macarons and other delightful sweets.  Personally, I would rather go to Wicked Spoon for brunch since they have bloody marys and an awesome dessert section as well!
5	best buffet ever. 5/5You should to go early or not during peak times or else you will be waiting in lines of +2hrs. Part of the buffet of the buffet promotion, I think its worth it to pay the $25 surcharge as its still beats paying regular price. They have a huge variety of foods from pho, udon, pad thai, ramen, fresher seafood, a vast dessert selection, unlimited mimosas, prime rib, a deep fryer section, creme brulee etc. All the foods were above average and the service was top notch. Basically its a must try if you are in vegas. Just try and come early to avoid the frustrating wait times because everyone wants to go here.
4	I went back to the Bacchanal Buffet again today with my best friend, daughter, and brother. This was my second time coming here and eating at this buffet (first time was last year). I was a bit reluctant because I didn't have a good experience last time plus I was scared to just throw away another $50 in the trash. However, I'm really glad I took the risk to give them a second chance because I didn't leave disappointed. I did leave in pain because I stuffed my face to the point where I thought my stomach was just going to explode!Anyway, I have plenty of nice things to say about their food. It is definitely up to par! Everything that I had was absolutely delicious! - Salmon nigiri: Delicious! I only got three because the rice will fill you up really fast. - Chicken curry: It was pretty good, but my dad makes better curry.- Ratatouille: This was the first time I've tried this and it was so yummy! It's basically vegetables with pasta on top, but it was so delicious!- Carbonara: Pasta was great. It wasn't overcooked and it wasn't salty.- Chicken tacos: I had these with guacamole, onions, lime, & cilantro, and I LOOOOVE these tacos! You can really taste the freshness of the vegetables and the authenticity of the tacos. SO delicious! - Horchata, mango juice, and pineapple: Did I mention that they have a juice station in the Mexican food area?! It's not just ANY juice -- It's AGUAS FRESCAS! I got two horachata bottles, haha!- Truffle fries: fjadf;jasdlkjf OMG. These were just so freaking amazing. I seriously could eat these all day and could not get tired of it. It wasn't overly salty and the truffles give that beautiful taste to the fries. UGGHHH SO GOOD!- Crab legs: I love my crab legs cold AND with butter. Delicious and it was pretty meaty. I love that they're already cut in half for you so you don't have to pick it and fight it just to open and eat it.- Oysters: Yummy! I'm so glad that they have oysters. The seafood definitely makes the price you pay for worth it!- Oyster shooters: YUM! I would have more if I wasn't so willing to make room for dessert.DESSERT: THEY HAVE MACCARONS! ALL. YOU. CAN. EAT. !!!! This place just won my heart. SERVICE: They did A LOT better with their service this time. They took the plates off of the tables pretty fast. They refilled my drinks. They were just a lot more attentive than they were the first time I was here. HOWEVER, during the last 30 minutes we were there, we were kind of neglected. NO ONE informed us that our server already left and was done with her shift. We had to ask ourselves. That's the only reason why I deducted a star.I can't wait to come here again. Probably not anytime soon because I'm not a rich girl BUT I will be coming here more often!
3	Had lunch buffet last week. It was a good meal but still disappointed compared to what I paid. Also disappointed that the variety of food is far less than what I expected, maybe because it was lunch, not dinner.
2	The problem with going to a buffet is that it's a buffet.  While the selection was vast, with foods from all types of cuisines, the quality of the food and cooking in general is mediocre.  The chinese food reminded me of a typical Chinese buffet, the sushi was sloppily made and rice was just bad, the miso marinated sea bass was way overcooked and had a weird texture because of it, the "prime rib" was tough and dry, the lamb chop was overcooked,  the crab legs were still partially frozen, and the oysters made me wonder if I was going to be spending time with the porcelain goddess later that night.    In summary, this place is all show and very little substance.  If you want to go somewhere where you can just stuff your face with as many mediocre things as you can, then this is the place for you!  But if you would prefer just a nice meal cooked with skill and thought, accompanied by a nice alcoholic beverage, there are too many good restaurants in Las Vegas to ever even consider going to this buffet, especially for how much this place charges you.
4	My mouth waters when I think about this place! Such a solid seafood selection and I LOVE oysters! So I spent all my time eating oysters and crab legs.Came during a holiday, waited for an hour an a half or more, paid the holiday prices which are steep... But it is a Vegas buffet and definitely one of the more popular. (I would rather spend money on a buffet which is a for sure win than on gambling which... Well a gamble). Located in Caesars palace & almost indistinguishable except for the long lines. Ask for directions! The decor is really nice with glass walls and floating lights and this place is a lot bigger than it looks from the line. I would definitely suggest walking through all the buffets sections (there are corners and turns!) before committing. Remember where your table is too! I got confused, but luckily sat right next to the dessert bar which is in the center of the room. I love love love the small plates here, especially since I like taking a bite of something and then sharing with friends so I don't waste it. Seafood and meat section are superb! Everything else ranges from "ok I'm not getting that again but still good" to "I'm glad I got to try this! Om nom." Save room for dessert... Or dabble in the other sections and go all out for desserts! French macarons to gelato to melt in your mouth chocolate chip cookies. Want to gamble, but don't want to lose too much? Come spend your money at this buffet! Worth the wait and $$$.
4	Impressive for a buffet in Vegas. When I think buffet I think a lot of quantity food with no quality, or all food taste the same after a while. Not this place, this buffet is an experience, everything taste like it came for a decent restaurant. Great seafood selection, the barbecue section has a lot of flavor. Everything is made to order in some areas of the buffet. A little pricey but for the quality of the food is worth it.
5	The updated buffet has a massive offering.  I have been to several buffets in Vegas and other casinos is this is the best so far.  The seafood station with pre-cracked crab legs was great.  Great selection of quality meats like lamb, ribs, fried chicken, etc.  The Asian station was good as well.  The vast offering doesn't negatively affect the quality.
3	Not impressed.First of all, pricing was weird. I'm a guy and I was with my friend who is a girl. We went in to the buffet just past 3 on a Friday, so basically dinner prices just started. Both of us are total rewards member, but she got charged 49.99 pre-tax and tip and I got charged 54.99. What?Secondly, the seafood was not that great even though that's supposedly what set Bacchanal apart from other Vegas buffet places.Thirdly, quality of other sections are not worth the price. The dim sum were not very authentic. A lot of the items taste like they've simply been placed under the heat lamp for way too long. This applies to most hot food section actually. The meat at the meat station were either too hard to eat (like dry and hard) or too salty. Dessert station, not impressed either. All the desserts look better than it tastes. Also, com'on, best buffet in VEGAS? I've seen better dessert selection elsewhere, not to mention it's Vegas.Things I liked: the taco station, the order-to-make ramen was good but small portion. Order peach iced tea at the beginning of your meal with your server. Best thing ever. You can also get coffee if you need that extra boost to help you through the day.Service was overall satisfactory. A decent experience as like "now I know what all the hype is about", but prob won't come back unless my friends really want to go in the future.Tip: if you can, try come right before 3, say like 2:30-2:45, this way you can pay for lunch price and enjoy dinner food starting at 3. We wanted to do that, but strip traffic threw us off schedule.
4	4 star for service, 4 star for food, and 4 star for price. Service : attentive for buffet and very nice. Cleaned out the plates on point.Food: four stars because the variety is amazing but the SALT level is over board, caution if you are on salt restriction. If they just added less salt and let the natural flavors kick in.Price is very fair considering the variety I think it is most well rounded buffet in Vegas to date.
1	We arrived at the buffet at 6 pm and we are told there was a 2 hour wait. They instruct us to get a ticket which will guarantee our place in line. The ticket says to come back at 8:05. We come back only to see that we have to wait in another line for another hour and a half. Unbelievable! I've eaten here before and the food is good, but not worth waiting 3-4 hours. So many people had to be turned away. The old fashioned system of waiting in line is still better than this tocket system. Not sure if I will come here again on a weekend.
1	Didn't even get to try this buffet because their "ticket system" is ridiculous. First, they give you a ticket that says come back in 2 hours. So upon return we find out that we have to wait another hour to pay for the food. We decide to wait and wait and wait. After the hour, we go up to the cashier and ask how long is the wait to get seated, "average wait time is 45 min." We look at the time and see by the time we actually get in the buffet will close in 45 min!!! At this point, we all leave and go to wicked spoon at the Cosmo where it was a 10 min wait and cheaper!For Vegas standards, bachannol needs to get it together. Hungry patrons beware!!!
4	Really pricey (about $70 for dinner on a saturday), but the food is pretty good.-SEAFOOD - amazing! raw oysters, mussels, shrimp, crab legs, ceviche, oyster shooters - all delicious! there was also this salmon dish that practically melted in your mouth.-SUSHI - pretty good. the salmon and tuna nigiri were really fresh.-MEAT - the lamb was amazing and tender. beef was good, but nothing special-DESSERT - HUGE selection. the green tea creme brulee was amazing.
5	This is the best buffet in Vegas. It is way better than Wicked Spoon and they have a lot more variety of food. The quality is a lot better too and service is always good. They have bottomless mimosas too!
5	This is my all-time favorite buffet in Vegas!Although I feel like this visit wasn't as great as the last times, I still love this place!They're getting better and more organized with their line system. Before you would wait, and wait, and wait in a long line to get in. Nowadays they have a ticket machine-- input your party info, how many, what type of occasion, your name, and your phone number. Then they give you your estimated wait time by printing out your ticket and they'll also be able to text you when you can go up to the front!As to many buffets, Bacchanal has varieties of food to choose from! They're definitely more of the quality! Seafood, like steamed crabs, oysters, different fish dishes ; Meats, like prime rib, beef ribs, baby back ribs, sausages, smoked turkey, lamp chops ; Soups, clam chowder, mushroom truffle soup, chef's special ; Breads ; Mexican ; Asian, like pho, dim sums, fried rice, roasted duck ; Italian, like pizzas, meatballs, pastas ; Fresh Salad Bar ; Cheese and Dried Meats.. And I must not forget their desert bar! Make your own crepes, carrot cake, pandan tiramisu, chocolate cakes, macaroons, pies, AND their ice cream/sorbet section! My favorites are the Wagyu Beef Sliders with their Truffle Potatoes!Well worth the price! And a must try!
5	I went here for my birthday and had an amazing time. Even though I couldnt get to everything, all the food I was able to eat was absolutely delicious. And they have SO much dessert. I was in heaven. The only thing that may be a problem for many people is the price, but I think its really worth it. I will definitely be going again for my next birthday.
4	As buffets go bacchanal would be hard to beat. The food was good and of course plentiful. I especially liked the cheese station. Deserts were good. The biggest downside is the eternal wait to get in.
2	I have been here 5 times before and loved it . The time before last I felt the quality and cooking was a little off but thought I came on a bad day. My wife and myself went again yesterday and had a repeat experience. Food was not hot at many stations the salads didn't have that artsy style they had before and the ceviche was sour with no real flavor, clams and chorizo  tasted liked over done clams with a can of corn chowder dumped on them . The BBQ server was very rude and when I went to get my meat and then again when I realized the BBQ sauce was not out and I had to ask for some he told me to get in line. My overall experience this time was very poor . I don't think I will be back because for the $160 I paid for 2 people ($30 bucks to skip line) I could go to Wicked Spoon and get better service too.
3	Normal buffet....Nothing special except the dessert.I think i expected too much.Great service but it didnt worth the price.
5	I don't even know where to begin.No, I mean it. The food was great, the server was friendly and engaged in conversation frequently, and overall, the buffet itself was aesthetically overpowering. I mean that in a good way.From the other reviews I've read, the 1-star kind, it seems like they're complaining about the lines and the "inedible" foods. Well, certainly, for a buffet of this caliber, lines are surely to be expected. As for the food quality, either you were half-full or you just had poor taste buds. No offense.Prime rib+ Au Jus= Heaven on the taste buds.Hope this helped!
5	I wish I could teleport back to Bacchanal. I would do it six times, once for every hour the $55 price tag allots you.  Guys, it's expensive, but so worth it.  Two giant rooms, filled wall to wall with every delicacy you could possibly want, and it's all done well.  Sigh.There's a guy who will make you street tacos.  A guy who will steam your crab legs.  Sliders that I'll remember fondly for the rest of my life.  Lamb chops that melt in your mouth.  A Chinese section.  A Japanese section.  An Italian section.  Pace yourself and get small portions so you can try it all!The dessert table gets its own paragraph.  There are ladies who will scoop you gelato.  Perfect creme brulee.  Someone else is cooking crepes to order.  Cupcakes.  Cake pops.  Chocolate covered strawberries.If you only eat one meal in Vegas for the duration of your stay, pick Bacchanal!
4	My brother insisted that I try this buffet and so I did.  I was waiting on my parents and we got to the buffet around 8pm...the host told me there would be a 45 minute wait....I was hungry but it was up to my parents if they wanted to wait - and they didn't mind - however during the time I was asking them, I let this group of four go ahead of me - and I guess I was lucky because one of the girl from that group gave me a receipt or birthday voucher of some kind that cut my waiting time in half. So I have her to thank for that and we got in line to go in right after. We still had to wait in line for about 20 minutes - there was this other line that they opened up next to us and they kept letting the people from that line in immediately - I was thinking they were either guest of the hotel or some kind of VIP because they got this black placard with a diamond on it - looks important. The hostess was reassuring me that I would get our table soon - and after 15 people went in from the other line and 20 minutes later we finally got our table right in front of the steamed crab legs - perfect for my parents because that's pretty much what they eat.This buffet was truly amazing in it's selection of foods. There biggest section was Seafood, Asian and Desserts- they had so much seafood choices, I wish I had a big enough stomach to try everything. The meats that I've tried - lamb chop was tender and juicy but the beef ribs were a tad chewy and the pork ribs were really dry. All the seafood that I tried (oysters, crab legs, cocktail shrimp and mussel) were fresh and appropriately prepared. I also had a beef slider - tasty! a few of the sushi rolls and salad. Overall the food was very fresh and you see them refill it with a fresh batch of food as it runs low. Lots of there food actually do run low so it's a good sign - some buffets have food that sits there for a while but I didn't see that happening here. I didn't eat a whole lot of desserts since I was already really full with the savories - but I did have room for a macaroon, mango pudding and creme brulee. Yummy Yummy definitely filled my tummy that night.  This buffet is fairly new so we'll have to wait a couple of years to see if it will go downhill - but at $50 a person I really hope not. I've been to both Bellagio's and Wynn's and they were great before too but the quality has gone down a notch.
1	Was way too excited too excited to come to this place with the hubby. Paid $110.00 for food that was sub par. Nothing looked excepetionally good and nothing tasted too great either. Dessert bar was a total let down. Presentation of items were nice but lacked in flavor, how can u really go wrong with flan. Wish i would have did a tour of this place before i decided to eat. Oh well at least i had the experience but this place is definately not worth the mula!
4	After trying out the other competitor buffet "Wicked Spoon", Bacchanal is hands down the best eye candy and yummy in your tummy buffet place to go.  It doesn't matter what time of day you go, their food is totally worth the money your paying for and the consitency is there.  I hope the next time we come back this summer, their creme brulee has improved.
3	I would probably give this place more stars if it wasn't for the tacky and cheap inside decorations! It is very small inside for the price I was expecting it to be elegant but the station casinos have better decor than this place. Tiny plain tables and chairs are dirty. Don't believe all the hype about this place half the stuff that you see in these yelp pictures are no longer available. I'm sure they did when they first opened but then stopes caring about what they serve.  The desert where the best part. They did serve a few different items I haven't seen served at a buffet before but everything else is pretty typical to a standard buffet. Not worth the 50 dollars a person.
5	Even if you're hungover get there early so you don't have to wait in an extremely long line!!! This is without a doubt my favorite buffet in Vegas! I has every type of food and it is so freaking high class. I want to go there again right now! If you're in Vegas and want to know where the best buffet is it is definitely the Bacchanal Buffet at the Caesar's Palace.
3	Dinner price ; $50.99/personThe price to quality of food ratio is what knocks this buffet down 2 stars. We arrived shortly before 6pm on a Wednesday night. This was a perfect time. When we left, the line was crazy!The longest line of the buffet was at the "American" BBQ station. They had great sausages and ribs there. The 2nd best section was the Asian one. The rest was underwhelming. The Italian was just a couple of thin crust pizzas and a really gross orecchiette pasta dish. Salad station was plain and boring. Seafood smelled awful. And the dessert station was more cookies than interesting desserts. I didn't even bother with dessert.I left full, yet unsatisfied. We are going to try a different buffet tonight.
3	Good food selection and quality of good is much better than most buffets around. The ribeye I had was very dry but I got the end of it. My buddy had a fresh one and it was juicy. Nice venue, good selection, and quality. Well worth with it. The reason for only three stars is because the service we had was very poor. Cashiers made an error on check regarding gratuity and we said we'd pay cash but the person seating us rudely disregarded us and wouldn't seat us until that was fixed. Their fault anyways. Very rude service on that end. I am big on customer service and this one failed horribly.
2	I'm a native to Las Vegas having lived here my entire life, over 40 years. I grew up in the hotel and gaming community and if there is a buffet in Vegas, I'm sure I've eaten at it. So when I heard all the hype about the Bacchanal Buffet (named after the old Bacchanal restaurant of Caesars Palace ages ago) I was dying to try it. I've already experienced several of the other major buffets in Las Vegas such as the one at the Bellagio and my personal favorite, Wicked Spoon over at Cosmo, so my hopes were high for this place. I must say, my high hopes were let down.My first experience with the Bacchanal Buffet was about a month after it opened. My wife and I decided to go down and check it out. It was mid-week, about 7 PM when we arrived. Much to my amazement, the line to get in looked like the line for the Matterhorn at Disneyland on Labor Day weekend. My jaw hit the ground when I found out it would be a THREE HOUR WAIT to get in. That's right, a THREE HOUR WAIT! I'm sorry, there is no buffet in the history of the world worth that. Anyone willing to stand in such a line needs to get their head examined. Oh, but wait, for an extra few bucks you can pay to get into a shorter line...what an insult! We left, but not before I asked to speak to a restaurant manager about this insanity. A young woman, still in her 20's introduced herself as the head assistant manager. I questioned why they had a line this long and didn't use a pager system or numbers or something like that. Hello?! They came up with these ideas 30 years ago! This girl looked at me like I was speaking Martian. The mere concept of this went so far over her head she looked like a deer in headlights. Evidently, this is the new system that Caesars Palace has implemented...get rid of anyone with experience or knowledge of the industry because they cost too much and, instead, hire kids right out of college with a Hospitality degree to run a multi-million dollar restaurant as a General Manager for $50,000/year. This is what happens when your flag-ship property is run by amateurs after a buy out. It's like McDonalds trying to run a Ruth's Chris Steakhouse like a McDonalds. Insane. After this brief conversation that went nowhere, we left.Fast forward a few months, it was my birthday. My wife knew I wanted to go to the Bacchanal so she took me there as we decided to give it a second try. We went on a Wednesday at 8PM. The hotel was empty but there was still an atrocious 45 minute wait. INSANE. Once inside, our first impression was that it was very nice inside but nothing special. We actually were shocked at how small the seating area was, which would probably explain why the turnover of tables was so slow.the food was wonderful but in many cases it suffered the same problems that many buffets suffer from and that's batches of food left under heat lamps. Much of the food was hot but much of it was barely warm. The crab legs were a nice touch but by far nothing special. I've had better at Red Lobster or Joes Crab Shack. Seriously, no joke.  The desserts were certainly the high point of the buffet and we enjoyed several of the different offerings.My overall experience of the Bacchanal Buffet was that it was a fair value for the price but the insanely long wait to get in dropped what would be a 4 star review down to a 2 star. It is not worth the wait...not even close. What baffles the mind though is how not one executive at Caesars Palace has not screamed at them over this process. You have people waiting in line for HOURS when they could be putting money in slot machines or playing the tables. Stupid! Stupid! Stupid! I'm amazed that people haven't been fired over this and I'm even more amazed that the wait process still exists. It's run by idiots with no common sense.Sarah Jane, one of the top reviewers of this restaurant is even a good friend of mine and because of her relationship with Yelp, she got right in and never had to wait for the gruelingly long line to eat here. She has even told me that if she had to wait an hour or more to eat here she would have dropped her review down a lot too. My wife and I eat at nice restaurants all the time and the price tag to eat at the Bacchanal seems fair minus the long line. Until they expand with more tables to accommodate more people and change the line system we will not return. We much prefer Wicked Spoon.
5	Caesars has always had a good buffet but this is FAB-U-LOUS!   It is pricey but worth it.  Go hungry and make sure you have time to spend.  They have different types of crab, asian and small snow crab legs which are cold unless you ask the staff behind the counter to dip your legs in hot water.  They are very small but good.  The shrimp were very good and very large.  It is a lovely place and staff was great.  Went for Sunday brunch and you get  mimosas with the meal which were very good.  I will return again even though it's pretty expensive.  Loved it!
1	Overall: swanky buffet but it's not as tasty as it looksPros-all kinds of food- gelato is super tasty- mushroom truffle soup-charcuterie station-crepe stationCons- the seafood was rather sad/ bad- no crab legs- lines for anything like prime rib or tacos take forever Sidenote: -come if you have no plans, lines are so long it's hard to say when you'd get out of here- quality is lacking, especially when you are paying this much for a buffet
5	This Vegas buffet in Caesar's palace lives up to all the hype - it met and exceeded my food expectations.  The selection is so incredibly vast - it's overwhelming to choose.  I just loaded my plate!  From Chinese pork buns, to steak and eggs, to red velvet pancakes, to the most incredible mussels and crabs, to pho, to sushi.... I don't even remember because I just ate so much.  All I remember is that it was worth every penny at Bacchanal Buffet. The food was truly delicious and you should not miss out on their ceviche -- it had SO.MUCH.FLAVOR!!  This buffet is not just some restaurant... it's a destination.
5	Love this buffet! Probably my favorite with Wicked Spoon close second. So much to choose from and all of it good. I love their desert bar. Love the small portion of food so you can decide if you like it without so much waste.
5	This is the most amazing buffet I've ever been to. They have something for everyone from fish to meat to italian, mexican, sushi and dim sum ... My husband and I spent two hours here tasting everything! Our server was so wonderful and attentive he offered us coffee when we were eating our dessert. Everything tasted fresh and it was gourmet, there mashed potatoes weren't boxed they're dessert selection was phenomenal. You could eat all the cookies, cakes, and gelato your heart desired. I can't wait to come back to Vegas just so we can eat at the bacchanal buffet again!!!
5	I wish Yelp would allow video reviews because a walkthrough of this buffet would be epic.  Just to walk from one side of the buffet all the way to the end while taking cursory glances at each item took me 3 whole minutes. Let's go through this:Ambiance: Everything you expect of a Vegas buffet: upscale and decadent. Cloth tablecloths and napkins and chandeliers made of wine glasses.Service: The waiters very quick with water and drinks though in a buffet setting I'm usually in a get-out-of-my way type of mentality (jk)FOOOOODDD: The selection here is amazing. Especially the amount of Asian food that was provided (dim sum, sushi, ramen, zhongzi, stir fry, etc).  And for everyone who complained about food selection, they were obviously not there for the dinner spread. Once dinner hits, the selection of raw oysters, king crab, and mussels come out, with crab being offered both freshly steamed and on the ice.One tip I have is to come around 2-2:30 as dinner spread comes out at 3:00pm.  A lot of people pile in around 2:45 and hold up the line so I suggest coming a little earlier than that.  Bacchanal doesn't close in the middle of the day like Wicked Spoon does ( on the weekdays) so this trick would only work here. And besides, who wakes up in time for early lunch in Vegas anyway??Overall, best. buffet. ever. If I could somehow live here, I would.
5	This place made me want to sleep in here. Came to get a reservation ticket. The wait said an hour, lady at the front hooked it up and let us in 5 mins after we got the tickets. The food is pretty good, but the desserts were so damn bomb. Probably gained 20pounds, but was so worth the $50 each. A must buffet destination to go in vegas.
4	This buffet is epic! One of the top 10 in my list! You can find right about anything! I went for brunch and man it was the best! The staff is friendly and the vibe is wonderful! The dessert section is it a bit small but it's still great! Go here you won't regret it!
4	Every meal in Vegas is pretty overpriced. The Bacchanal buffet is no exception, on it's surface. I mean, $50 each? Dang. But then you break it down by line item and it's really not such a bad deal, especially if you want to try all different things. And if you drink champagne, the mimosa brunch pays for itself. I found the quality to be very good for a buffet, but not great for a $50 meal. I'm rounding up to a 4 because is buffet is one of those things you have to do in Vegas, and this one is better than the rest. I took the sage advice of many other reviewers and went around 3pm to get in at the cheaper lunch price. I don't feel like a cheapskate because I still spent mad loot on this meal. This ridiculous meal that filled me up until the next day. My favorite things were:-the crab legs, obviously. I ate like 5 full crabs. That alone justifies the price tag. -the carving station. Prime rib, rack of lamb, and a total sausage fest. Sign me up. -some of the sides. I know, you shouldn't fill up on crap like bread when there's stuff like meat available. But the truffle potatoes were delicious, the sesame edamame held its own, and cheese is good. I did not care for:-the desserts. They all looked better than they tasted and there weren't that many choices.-the service. What service. -the complete lack of green/vegetable sidesThe atmosphere of Bacchanal is classy as hell, you can hang out for a few hours and eat like a champion.
4	This is an extraordinary place, current price of $55 Bacchanal has a large variety of foods to eat! From seafood to BBQ, Italian to Chinese. The food is excellent to a standard of a normal restaurant and not some cheap buffet food.The ambience is nice and casual but classy. The Decor is modern and the service is excellent. The waiters are always on top of tier game to give you the best service and never let your drink get half empty.After a long day this is a great place to relax and after dinner the dessert bar is by far the best I've had. They even have homemade mochi ice cream...Bacchanal is a must when coming to Vegas.
5	This buffet is a MUST for anyone wanting to eat buffet in Vegas. Their selection is absolutely huge, there is definitely something for everyone here. Seafood, Asian, Mexican, American, Italian, Vegetarian, Charcuterie, Greek...etc. Make sure to set aside a few hours for this buffet. The lines can be up to an hour and a half (maybe more) during peak times and after you are seated, you will not want to leave. The dessert bar is always amazing and fun, every time I've gone, there is always something new. Note: other reviews complain about the pricing, however you get what you pay for here, it is by far one of the best buffets
2	Very weak during lunch. Vegas has too many better options. I wanted to try it cause it's so hyped up right now.. not worth the 2 hour wait on a Sunday. Food was terrible, most of it. Oyster quality sucked. Prime rib was over cooked and salty. Sushi fish was okay, but the rice made it nasty. The steamed crab legs were good, and the yellow curry. Then I enjoyed the green tea and horchata. The dessert section was very weak. Overall this place is pretty small... and I was very disappointed.Not worth the hype and I probably won't be back.
5	Been to this buffet twice as well as many other Vegas buffets including Wynn Buffet, Spice Market, Wicked Spoon, etc... Let me tell you. Bacchanal is the BEST buffet in Vegas hands down. The first time I went literally changed my understanding of buffets. When I went a second time, it managed to change my understanding again. The food is amazing. The selection is amazing. You will have a dining experience that you will remember.Is this worth the $50-$60 price tag? To me, yes. But what does it all matter? You are in Vegas. Unless Vegas is a monthly trip for you, it does not make sense to count pennies and dollars. Pay the extra $10 or so and enjoy a truly premium experience.
5	I'm not sure where Bacchanal stands in the ranking of all Las Vegas buffets (it's the only one I've been to). But in the grand scheme of buffets, Bacchanal has to be the best I've ever had. We went at an odd hour to stuff ourselves before our flight (they were serving lunch) so the line wasn't terrible, but nevertheless it moved quickly.The only disappointment I had was probably my fault. I had watched several videos (haha) and browsed Yelp photos of people touring the buffet, displaying the things they served. But I suspect because it was a weekday and lunch, several items were missing (most notably crab and other seafood!) that I was really looking forward to. I still ate a disgusting amount and felt terrible, yet happy afterwards.I would list everything I ate, but I think I actually tried EVERYTHING--plus, there's a bounty of photos available already of what they offer. What I would recommend is staying away from all the French fries and pizza; they're decent, but you can get great fries and pizza elsewhere. I DO, however, recommend the little cheeseburgers! The sushi isn't terrible and if you stick with nigiri, you do get a good value. The ramen is also a nice find--so many people bypass it because you have to wait a little bit/interact with a human to get your food, so I got it pretty much on the spot. It was decent :)As for the desserts...just ask for a sample of EVERY gelato flavor. They'll give it to you! But I recommend the thai tea flavor.
5	I have to say, good job Ceasers for FINALLY making a buffet that *should* be in a place like yours.  I've been wanting to go since it was announced that they were even making it and then the reviews came out.  But the last time I was in Vegas, they had just opened, and it was NYE weekend so we didn't even venture to the strip (I was staying with a friend who lives in Vegas).  But this time, we were staying across the street.  There was NO WAY I was going to miss out.Dinner during the weekend is about $55, Sunday Brunch was $45.  I think.  You get like a dollar or two off with your Total Rewards membership card.There is a virtual queue - you will see the computers set up.  Make sure to go up and pull a ticket.  This will tell you when to come back to get back in line to pay and then get seated.  There are NO SIGNS for this or anyone telling you to do it.  I'm sure it's not as crazy during the week but on the weekends, this is a must.When my friend and I were there Friday night pretty late and we had NO problems getting in.  We didn't even know about the virtual queue.  But on Saturday when we returned with more friends, we were denied entry and it was only 730pm.  They had already filled up their virtual queue and were not letting anyone else get in line.  It was basically sold out.  We had talked to a lady in line and she said that they were there at 6, got a ticket and it said to come back at 8.  The buffet closes at 1030pm.  Since we were hungry, we left and went to another place for dinner.  However, we did return Sunday for brunch before we left town. Now on to the food!There are several stations:Seafood - oysters on the half shell, crab legs (cold and warmed up with hot water at request), shrimp, and various other seafood dishes.  There is a warm drawn butter machine for you!Italian - pizza, pasta, meatballs and a made to order pasta stationAsian - an assortment of dim sum items (buns, shumai, etc) plus the usual chinese fare - kung pao chicken, chow mein, fried rice etc. also had some pad thai and some other meat options that I don't remember. A small assortment of sushi (there was definitely more fish on the sushi during dinner than brunch) There is also a noodle station to order where you can get udon, pho or ramen.Carving station - there is so much meat here, your head will spin.  Prime Rib, baby back ribs, smoked brisket, smoked turkey, a variety of sausage links, lamb chops.  During brunch, they had more sausage varieties, but I had to wait until it was closer to lunch time to get some brisket and ribs.  I asked the guy carving and he went in the back and got them.  I had turkey on Friday dinner but they had run out of the brisket (since we were close to closing time).  Both were really good.Mexican - you can get tacos to order.  There was also beans, rice, carnitas, machaca, chicken, a salsa bar and a juice bar.American -  I don't know what else to call this area - it's where they have the mashed potatoes, veggies, mac and cheese, etc.  They didn't have any fried chicken when we were there for dinner, but at brunch they had it to go with waffles.  There were sweet potato tots, roasted potatoes, french fries. I think i seriously had a plate of potatoes.  There were even baked potatoes available.  Mini sliders (which we were sure they had been sitting for a while) were a little dry.Salad bar - I didn't venture too much here - but there was a variety of salads and dressings you could get.  There was also a lot of fruit, a variety of cheese and cured meats.  And a huge area with a variety of bread.Dessert - There is a gelato bar with some interesting flavors, crepes to order with plenty of whipped cream, berries, bananas foster and nutella to your hearts content.   During dinner there were macaroons and chocolate covered strawberries but they didn't have it when we were there during brunch.  There is the usual variety of cakes, cookies, brownies, and creme brulee as well.I'm sure I missed all sorts of things.  The food was pretty amazing.  There were a few things that we didn't like, but for the most part it was really good.  I mean - we went twice in  a weekend !  Definitely will be back.
3	I will have to say that I didn't try even half of the food available so they may deserve more than a three. I mostly pigged out at the seafood bar, crab legs mostly. For $60/70 bucks, better get your money's worth right? The oysters weren't anything amazing. They were actually still pretty gritty as they weren't cleaned enough. Their prime rib was no where melt in your mouth and their lamb, though flavorful, I couldn't get pass the tough meat. It will definitely give your jaw muscles a workout. I LOVE their little juice jars, watermelon is my favorite. They also serve a Peach Green Tea or something, ask your server. It's freaken awesome, so refreshing. The dessert bar was a let down. They didn't have the regular creme brulee that all you yelpers raved about; they had a green tea version which was a 3. Strawberries huge (chemicals!) and not sweet. I honestly forgot what else I ate. I guess you can say that really tells you how much I liked their desserts.The service was really good though. Both our servers were super nice and checked up on us often.
5	Was out in Vegas on business, and I've been to a few buffets out there, actually went to Bellagio's this time out.  Let me tell you, Bellagio's buffet was good, but this is on another level.Went for lunch, during the week, was about $45 or so, don't remember exactly, but it was worth every penny.  They have pretty much everything you can imagine, setup in stations.  Do yourself a favor, bring your appetite and scout it out before diving in to make sure you are able to try everything you want to, otherwise you will get full way too quickly.This was the best buffet, I've ever seen in Vegas, maybe anywhere, everything was on point, tasty, and I'd definitely go back.  Easily worth the price tag.
3	Read the rave reviews and had to go.  The food was ok and only two hot items that rocked my boat were the chicken and waffles and the chorizo potatoes - best I ever had.  The rest of the food was old and crusty from sitting under the heating lamps.  The freshest piece of food was the watermelon and pineapple.  For this price, I expected much more.  Decor and ambiance is divine.  Excellent customer service and great dessert bar.
3	The first few times, I loved it.  But after the 8th or 9th time, it's not worth going anymore, especially after they raised their prices.I'm a Las Vegas Local and everyone wants to try this place. Unlimited mimosas for brunch on the weekends, lunch serves a lot of the same things as dinner, but dinner sometimes offers more seafood. + biggest shrimp I've ever seen+ Oysters!+ Dim sum and sushi+ Carving station+ Taco Bar+ Dessert Bar with a crepe station and gelato ice cream+ fresh juice+ Awesome sliders+ Pho/ramen barI'm giving this 3 stars mainly because the allure of the restaurant has declined on me. I still think it's the best buffet in Las Vegas still...but honestly, I'm buffet'd out and there are other places I'd rather eat (see my other Yelp reviews).  I will tell you this: If any visitors ask me to go to Bacchanal again, I'm going to say "no, thanks!" Also, I honestly cannot eat $50-$70 worth of food (because that's about what you should expect to pay after tax). Here's a tip: Don't go on Friday or Saturday nights.  If you must, then head straight to the kiosk and put your name down. Take the receipt and they will text you when it's time to queue up. The last food trays come out at 10 PM and are taken away at 10:30PM. If you must go to a buffet, pick this one over all the others.
5	For those who are planning to eat Bacchanal Buffet, I have recorded a FULL EXTENSIVE HD Slow and Steady Walk-Through of the entire buffet station at Bacchanal buffet in Caesars Palace. (Probably the best crisp HD footage on YouTube Guarantee).  So if you guys want to see what they serve for dinner before you guys dine there, click on the YouTube link to see the Bacchanal buffet in HD:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eGQUhz-ChAor you can go on Youtube and Type "Epic Buffet Feast - Bacchanal Buffet Full HD tour"It was kind of pricey at almost $45 bucks with taxes.  I ate here for brunch at around 2:30pm and got to eat for dinner also because Dinner starts at 3pm. So instead of paying for dinner price I paid at a brunch price. In the video, you will see both the brunch food and the dinner food that they brought out. HINT: If you don't want to pay dinner price, dine during the lunch hours and wait a bit before the bring out the dinner food.I had a great time eating at this truly epic buffet as mentioned by their ads in and around the casinoWe had a great server, who always would come by and clear the plates.I love their open kitchen design. It's so clean and modern. I love how the foods were displayed and presented instead of having them on aluminum tray at the station for us to go and grab it. All the crab legs were already sliced in half, so you don't need a claw cracker. The only complained was that I wish the crab legs were steam instead of being cold.They even have street taco! and a whole bunch of salsas to choose from as you can see halfway through my video. I love their rotating grill where they cook your tacos. They also have the best dessert bar in term of dessert presentation. Overall, I love this place. It makes me feel like I'm living the high life.So here's a smooth steady HD videos of the whole buffet:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eGQUhz-ChAEnjoy!
5	I'll say this is the #1 buffet in Las Vegas at least for now! The food is really tasty and fresh. They have more variety than any other buffet in Las Vegas. The interior design is just stunning! Really love it!!!
2	There was a sign in front that boasted "Voted best Buffet in Vegas" I call B/S. At best I thought the food quality was okay. I don't see why people go nuts for this buffet but if I had to take a guess, I'd say its for the variety of options. Without a doubt the largest buffet I've ever been too. The buffet is separated into sections dedicated to different cuisines like Chinese, Italian, Thai, and they even a pho station. There's a seafood section & a meat carving station like other buffets. The dessert station was the largest & proly my favorite part. Nothing I ate was bad but nothing was really good either. I tried as much as I could but there wasn't one thing that I would tell someone else "oooh you gotta try this." I like having all these options but what I would have really liked would have been a good meal worth paying $50 a head for.This is something I'd do once for the experience but I doubt I'd return. Not big on buffets and the food quality was blah. Plus the line was ridiculously long. The wait during peak lunch/dinner hours can be upwards of 3 hours. like whoa!
3	We ate here not long after it was remodeled, it is very pricey for dinner will cost you for just two people 100 bucks.  Not worth the price to me and we had horrible drink service, we had to go to the hostess twice to tell her to get someone to rrefill our drinks cause the guy who had our table just kept going around to all the other tables and ignoring ours even after the first time the hostess told him he still didnt learn his lesson.   Food was just ok but then again that  whole drink experience could have ruined my food experince cause i didnt want to eat to much if i didnt have anything to drink it down with nad what not. My boyfriend seemed to like the food but not at that price plus he still says the Aria Buffet is better and I do have to agree and there you never have to worry about your bevereages been filled they are on ttop of it unlike here.
2	Regardless of what the food will taste like. I paid $15 extra per person for a party of 3 to skip the line & currently waiting in a line. That's $45 that I'll never get back. Here's a tip, just wait in line next time & don't waste money on the expedited line charge. It will save you time compared to waiting, but was it worth $15 extra. Absolutely not.I'll do a follow up review for food up next.Just sat down. First off, customer service is excellent without a doubt. Keep in mind, I'm not paying the $30 price for this buffet, more like $45, so my expectations were already heightened. The food is good, along with the variety, but freshness was lacking. Their Seabass dish wasn't tender & really tasted old, but still tasted good, but not as fresh(as in cooked) as it could be. The best tasting thing was their truffled potatoes. Lots of desert options which also another plus!The food is more like a $20 range buffet & not even close to the $45 that I paid. I came here because "USA Today" rated it as the best Buffet. Now I don't think I'll trust USA Today anymore
5	Best Vegas buffet I have been to so far. (I have not been to wicket spoon but most of my party did and they agreed it was better) They do a check-in type reservation that requires you to walk up to a kiosk with all your details and tells you when to come back. I suggest come 1.5 hours before you want to eat - it's a way better system than forcing people to wait in a line for an hour.Seafood is definitely a highlight here. My favorites were:Oysters were super fresh, Crab legs for DAYS (be sure to walk to the back and get some steamed!), Scallops, Sea Bass and Clams served many different ways.The meat was good, delicious, and juicy. I really enjoyed the lamb chops and prime rib. Taco station was actually pretty good but be careful and don't fill up on the cheaper stuff!Don't waste your time with the sushi, it was okay but I have definitely had better at sushi joints (typical of almost any buffet)There were a ton of desserts, most of them good, nothing life-changing.Service was spectacular. Our waiter took care of our table of 11 with ease and barely left any plates after 2 minutes of completion.The seafood selection and flavor is bomb.com. I tried almost everything else there, and it was mostly all good. I stuck away from their chinese/thai food since I was being asian and eating my $68 dollars worth - ouch. I will definitely be back!
2	I came here after hearing the rumors that this is the "best buffet in Vegas." Let me preface my review with the fact that I am a pescatarian, a recession-era college graduate, who doesn't drink and I was underwhelmed with my experience here.I checked out the tips on Yelp, which advised me to arrive early so that I could get a ticket before paying and being seated (thanks, Yelpers!). My boyfriend and I grabbed our tickets from one of the kiosks next to the hostess's podium, which is already pretty confusing as people were fumbling around, wondering how to get seated at the Holy Grail of Vegas buffets. Of course, we checked in at 1p so we would have enough time to embrace the brunch price tag (with the unlimited mimosas for my beau) and stay for the beginning of their dinner service. We were notified via text exactly 70 minutes after we got our ticket (as promised) that our seats will be held for 15 minutes. We made it in the nick of time and, luckily, there was no line to pay. We were asked to pose for souvenir pictures in front, which we were later solicited to purchase for $25 during our meal - just because we are eating here does not mean we want to spend $25 to commemorate our excessive spending on excessive eating! We were seated pretty quickly, as there were plenty of vacant tables around the restaurant.The selection was tragically lackluster. There were the standard staples of most buffets (e.g. salad bar, pizza station, hamburger sliders, crab legs, sushi, pastries) with stations for meat-carving, meat and cheese, dim sum, udon/ramen, and southern comfort food (i.e. corn on the cob, tater tots, etc.). As a pescatarian who doesn't like shellfish, you could imagine how limited my options were. There were about 5 types of rolls to choose from [including pickled vegetables (seriously?!), imitation crab (come on!), spicy tuna], and then a few choices of nigiri (salmon, tuna, and shrimp). The dim sum selection was pitiful and I'm pretty sure the har gow had been frozen. My boyfriend loved the shumai.We moseyed on over to the seafood station and grabbed some salmon and some sort of unmarked whitefish, both of which we decided not to finish after one bite. My boyfriend excitedly filled his plate with the selections from the meat-carving station only to find out that most of the lamb chop had been fat and it was underwhelming, despite the grand presentation.Now onto the desserts -- they have a crepe station, which I was really excited about until I realized that they cook the crepes for you and then you slather on preserved berries, bananas, and cool whip to your liking - where's the nutella? Why didn't they put fresh fruit in them for me like a real creperie would have? Oh, right, I paid $50 to do it myself... I also tried their gelato, which was pretty delicious, but they were distributed in small servings (smaller than my fist), which, in retrospect, is probably wise since people are probably stuffed by the time they reach dessert. Their vanilla with fleur de sel and salted caramel flavors are delicious! They also have a create-your-own ice cream sandwich option with chocolate cookies or almond cookies, which was a pretty neat option.Essentially, this buffet is not pescatarian/vegetarian-friendly. I ended up filling up on spicy tuna rolls and cocktail shrimp with dabbling in new, disappointing dishes in between before giving up and diving into the desserts. I am also disappointed that their brunch selection was more "-unch" than "br-," as they did not have many "traditional" breakfast options (other than dim sum and red velvet pancakes).My favorites from this place were the juices they had in adorable individual carafes (guava, mango, cranberry, to name a few) and their ice cream, I guess. If you're looking for high prices, limited selection, and even less satisfying quality, this is the place to be! Nothing in this buffet seemed notable or worth coming back for. My boyfriend mainly liked his sliders that he topped with their guacamole, but seriously? I'm not going to pay $50 for sliders, juice, and gelato.I'm glad we tried it so that we know what "the best buffet in Vegas" is really like, so we can go back to The Bellagio with $20 more in our pockets and Beef Wellington and sushi hand rolls in our stomachs!
4	Best Buffet I experienced in Vegas! You have to be open minded to trying new and gourmet foods very ethnic foods. Everything was cooked to perfection! It was very spendy but worth every Penny!
1	Not worth it!!  We had the buffets of buffets pass. Gets you into quite a few different places for $50. We were told that there was a $10 up charge for this particular Buffett. When we got there we were charged $30 extra per person. What????  But we thought hey it's supposed to be awesome so let's do it. It was very sub par. The Buffett at the Rio is larger and has more variety. This one is mostly Asian food and seafood. It also took the waiter 20 mins to take our drink order. I will not return and I will be talking to someone about the outrageous up charge.
3	Its definitely the most expensive buffet i have visited in las vegas so far... wait times can be long on some days, but pretty extensive food selection, huge butcher block, very lovely atmosphere/setting. I would definitely go back, just not a once a week/month kind of place caus it is expensive,  more like a once a year for a special occassion buffet in my opinion.
3	I had these place talked up to me non stop by my friend before i came here.  Im sure that in some way affected my feelings on it.  In Las Vegas with a buffet around every corner you have to be exceptional to stand out.  And although this place was good I didn't think it was exceptional.  Food was very fancy.  I found them lacking in some of the basics.  Like normal pancakes.  Never seen a brunch buffet without normal pancakes.  The tables were all fairly close together so getting up to go to the buffet was  sometimes more of a chore then it should have been.  A lot of the items came on their own little plate.  Which seemed like an odd choice since its tricky to get more then one item when you can just put it on one larger plate.  Maybe a cafeteria tray would be a good idea.  Bottom line.  Lay out is strange.  Decore feels kinda like fancy Ikea.  Price is high.  I think for me Rio is still my favorite vegas brunch. Ill have to try this place for dinner and see if it changes my mind.
3	You know when you get all amped up to go to one of the all you can eat lobster feasts in Orlando and when you are done wonder why I wasted $50 on a so-so buffet?  With my first (and probably last) visit to the Bacchanal, I am thinking the same.  While the food was actually quite good, it definitely wasn't worth the $50.  Not much selection, "hot" crab legs were lukewarm, two full stations with Asian offerings limiting variety of rest of buffet, dessert bar smaller than most other buffets I have experienced, and the traffic flow was confusing.  I have experienced better in other Midwest and southern casinos.  If this is the best Las Vegas has to offer, the reviewers must not travel extensively.  It was ok but I would not go out of my way to eat there again.  Noticed that not much of a line and no wait at 5:30.
2	They get 2 stars because our dining service was good.  Went here for a friend's birthday because she was excited about a full blown extravaganza for her birthday dinner.  The only thing full blown about the place is the price. It was less busy than most people have experienced but because there were 5 of us, after we paid, we had to wait for about 15 minutes before we were seated.  We get seated and I looked around and realized how small this buffet is compared to others.  And every section seems to have a line and those that don't for their particular foods, have a line in front of them for another section.  Some of the lines just to get the more popular food took more than 15 minutes to navigate.  The sad part: It isn't all that good.  The desserts were tasty but the actual FOOD... not so much.  I had cold food that was warm and warm food that was cold.  Bread that had been left out for too long and was stale.  One of my friends had a couple of the sliders and pushed the rest of her plate away.  Honestly, it is a 1.5 star place.  One star for the service, .5 for the desserts.  Had I paid for just a dessert buffet, this would be a different story.  But since most of us went away hungry because the food was not good, I cannot recommend this buffet to anyone.  I honestly feel like people like it because it is expensive.  They feel like they must be eating some really upscale food.  But here is a note:  the food still has to taste good.  One does not need to eat it just because it is expensive.
4	Fruits and deserts are wonderful. Wait time is short and the price is fairly low. Downside is that not too many sea food choices.
5	Best Buffet in Vegas!
2	Average food. Lackluster in taste. Just like most buffet everything over salted. Dessert was below average. Nice decor though. By the way, got cold coffee.
2	Pros:1. Good quality food and nice atmosphere.  The sweet potato fries and ratatouille are truly great. Also, some excellent desserts and other dishes.Cons:1. Overpriced.  For my money, the M and the Wynn are generally better values  (especially, the M) and also have outstanding food. And I've tried all the top buffets.2. Food is COLD!  In an attempt to be hip, they put food in metal pans under heat lamps rather than on steam tables.  This means the food is lukewarm, if you're lucky.  They give you these little blue silicone finger grabber/protectors as if the pots will be scalding hot. You won't need them.3. Service was shockingly indifferent and poorly trained.  Asked for lemons (for the iced tea) three times.  On the third attempt, she told me where I could find them myself.  I asked her if she recognized me.  She said, "no."  I told her that was because I didn't work there.When I told another waitress about the cold food, she told me to tell the cooks, that her only job was to bring drinks.Asked to see the manager who was pleasant and offered a free cocktail.  We told her we weren't complaining to get something for free (not that that was why she was offering).  She was nice, but we didn't get the feeling she was all that concerned.Was really looking forward to this place.  Never again.
5	We went for breakfast and it was amazing. They had a lot to choose from and everything we got was hot. They had something for everyone steak and eggs, lobster biscuit and gravy is a must try. The red velvet pancakes are amazing. They also have a full dessert bar and watermelon juice to drink. It was well worth the price. Show your m-card for a little discount.
5	I am foodie.. Therefore have tried several different buffets when in vegas..... And this is now officially my favorite one!! Oysters, oyster shooters, shrimp, ratatouille .. OMG!!! The list goes on and on... Salivating while typing this!! Its that impactful.
4	Amazing, great service by Emma!!! She was very kind & very professionals made the first impression what it should be. The food was ok, I really was not wowed!! To pay this much, & not be wowed is a bummer. Ok, great variety, but not great taste. I gave four stars because of excellent service & Emma!! Other than that, a lot of bells & whistles, but no wow factor. The endless memosa has gotten me ready to roll though. Good set up before the KA show. Let's see how that's gonna be
3	So, I wanted to see what the hype was all about, about this "epic" buffet. I'm a foodie I like to go to different buffets. I took my family on a Friday afternoon around 2:30pm payed for Iunch $34.99 and dinner starts right away at 3pm Let me start off with the positive, very clean, great selection of food (king crab cold, snow crab legs hot, jumbo shrimp, mexican station was delicious, bbq station smelled incredible like I was at a family reunion, thai, asian and dessert were very good) but not worth how much they charge. Employees not so friendly!! I won't ever come again. I'll stick to the M resort
4	Bacchanal is one of those places that restores people's faith in buffets. There was of course a line getting in. The electronic ticketing system that tells you when to come back is a bit difficult to use but makes plenty sense - except that you should not only rely on it. We got there around 2:33, our ticket said wait till 3:59, so we shopped around for a bit. Then we saw people that arrived after us getting in sooner! It turns out you can ask the manager next to the ticketing station if you can get in earlier, and they will sometimes just let you (maybe due to no shows?) we got in around 3:15, which was much earlier than expected. The buffet is a bit too pricey in my opinion, but honestly, that's not gonna stop most people: you don't eat buffet everyday, so why not treat yourself to the good stuff?  As many reviewers have mentioned, the highlights are the seafood and the prime rib, but that wasn't all that was good: the Kobe beef burger, the gelato ice cream, the made to order tacos all stood out in my opinion. Service seemed to be a hit or miss for us - our first waiter got our drinks wrong twice, and didn't seem too attentive. Our second waitress switched shifts with the first, and was definitely better: making sure our drinks were ok, and gave us the whole pot when we asked for hot water and coffee. What makes this buffet better than others? I think it's consistency - while there isn't as much variety compared to other buffets, all the things I tried were not too bad or pretty great. Of course individually, they cannot compare to say a Michelin 3 star restaurant, but this is definitely above par food. I don't think I'm gonna have another buffet meal anytime soon, but if I have to, this is the one I would choose.
3	I have been here a couple of times but the overall score was a 3The food was good but not spectacularThe Asian selection for the food was pretty tasty and well made and the seafood and desserts were tasty enough not to complain.I highly recommend you try the miso sea bass... So tender and it had the perfect balance of sweetThe mini cheeseburger was juicy but the bun was a tad on the dry sideThe crab legs were a little on the salty side, but normally everywhere I go it has the same problemLast time I went they had monte christo sandwiches and red velvet pancakes that were amazing but this time around they weren't there.The gelato ice cream was tasty and eaten like an appetizer while waiting for our waiter.The churros tasted as it should but it seemed like it was sitting out in the heat lamp for a whileThe reason the score is so low is two reasons.Our waiter Miguel had us waiting for 10minutes plus prior to even coming to our table to get our drink orders. We had to wait and even asked a guy walking around who told us "sorry I can't help you, I'm not a waiter"Ok. I get that you're not the waiter but at least TRY and find someoneOur relief at the time? Jie, who even though was NOT our waiter came and got us drinksThe second reason the score wasn't good is the priceFor 4 people we paid almost $300 due to Easter prices.The only reason I would even consider coming back was the manager Ryan GrossWe saw him on the side and expressed our unhappiness and he was very quick to help usLet's just say that after he was involved we had people checking up on us and taking care of us like we were actually paying $300 for the meal. After some issues with our bill he comped us one meal which was greatly appreciated.So after all of this? It has a lot of hype but if you go it won't be the best meal but worth it if you don't pay the over priced Easter version.
2	was debating between which buffet to go to with this Vegas trip and decided on bacchanal after many yelp reviews and pictures viewing. I don't know if I hyped myself up too much or waht but really a 2.5 star. i was not impressed at all. yes there was a lot of food items and yes there were a ton of stations but the food just didn' tlook that fresh. i expected more sushi and sashimi items for $60 a person. Nigiri didn NOT look fresh.Seafood bar wasn't that good either. The crab legs didn't taste that good. other items on the hot bars looked dry and kinda old. Dessert wasn't that great either. i've had better buffets for a lot cheaper.
5	By far the best buffet for the money.  Went for supper and I was not disappointed.  Items from crab to pizza there is something for everyone.  At the carving station they had grilled lamb chops.  I died and went to heaven the best lamb I have ever eaten.  The creamy mushroom truffle soup was also a winner in my book.  I went back for those two items time after time.  Be sure to check out the buffet lines around the corner in the back of the dining hall.  I did not know it was there until after I was stuffed to the gills.  Back there are the pizzas, sushi, Chinese options and salad.  I was excited to taste the desserts and saved a bit of room for them.  They fell short on taste and originality.  Cheese cakes, cookies, cookie pops, brownies, puddings and mousses.  They were all just ok I guess I was just expecting more in flavor and uniqueness.  The overall price was well worth it for nothing more than the mushroom soup and lamb chops.  Be sure to try those items when you dine here.
3	Came here on Easter weekend cause a friend and her family was in town. Totally forgot that buffets jack up the price on holiday weekends. Spent a total of $148 for my bf and I ($74/person)Was it worth it? Nope!Food - Some were good and some were not. Their Asian food was not bad. Sui Mai dishes tasted better than other restaurants I've been too. Their Brie and truffle oil pizza was good but obviously not as great at Sammy's Woodfired Pizza. It would probably taste the same if the crust was thin like theirs. Their seafood section wasn't interesting to me at all. Everything is on ice, miso halibut was super sweet and the lobster chowder was beyond salty. Sushi section, the nigiri weren't bad at all. Desserts are awesome. I love me some rich chocolate!Drinks - by the bread station they have a bunch of mini milk bottle type w a variety of juices. Love love love the guava!All in all, it was good but nothing to boast about. Would I come back? Definitely not. The price is outrageous.
3	Huge variety but quality was ok.  Tried a little of everything. Oyster did not taste fresh, prime ribs was no that good, dim sum was below average...etc.... not worth $53
5	Worth every single penny! Best buffet ever!!!!The crab legs (split) are so sweet and flavorful butter isn't necessary. Lamb chops are tender, thick and seasoned perfectly. The oysters are huge, fresh and delicious.  I could continue but it's making me hungry. Definitely my favorite buffet for fresh flavorful food.
3	I read pretty good reviews about this place and was so excited to try it when we arrived in Vegas this past Saturday.  After we checked in at our hotel, this was our first stop.  When we got to the outside of the buffet, we walked straight to this lady who was standing at the podium.  She told us that we had to get a ticket from one of the ticket machines and it'll tell us when to come back for our table.  Well, they should post instructions for people who are new to this buffet.  Everyone was so confused and she had to tell all of them to get a ticket.  When we received a text to come back for our table, the same lady at the podium told us to come back in another 15 minutes.  At that moment, I was starting to get a little aggravated since I was starving.  When we finally got our table, we went straight to the food.  We got pretty much of everything (dim sum, sushi, Chinese food, fruit, pizza, crabs, clam chowder, juice, ham, lamb, clam chowder, chicken in green chilies, Mexican rice, waffle fries, baked potato, macaroni and cheese, maple glazed tator tots, miso seabass and desserts).  Everything was just ok.  There was nothing special about the food.  The dim sum had really thick wrappers.  The lamb was dry.  The seabass, clam chowder and crabs were too salty.  The rice on the sushi and Mexican rice was crunchy in texture.  It seemed like the rice was not fully cooked.  The presentations for the desserts were great, but the flavors were just the opposite.  The only items I enjoyed were the macaroni and cheese, baked potato and the mango juice.  There's a lot of food choices there, but I didn't think I saw 500 items from what I read online.  Our waiter was super nice but I don't think I'll ever come back for the food.
5	Easily the best buffet in Vegas.I've gone to probably 80% of all the buffets in Vegas besides the one in Paris and out of all the ones I've been, this place takes the cake without hesitation. Make sure you come on a weekday, before 6:30PM if you don't want to wait in line and pay over $60-70 a person. Their prices change depending on the weekends, and holidays (DO NOT GO ON A HOLIDAY WEEKEND! THE PRICE GOES TO AROUND 90 A PERSON). Also weekend prices are more expensive as well. If you go Mon-Thurs (not sure about sunday) the price is around 55 a person. DO IT!
4	Great buffet! We upgraded our Buffet of Buffet pass to get breakfast for an additional $15. We got the tail end of breakfast around 10:30am on a Monday. There was a small line, nothing too long. The selection was great, unique. The chicken and waffles was most memorable of breakfast. After that, at exactly 11am the breakfast dishes started to disappear. It sharply switched to lunch except for the guy making omelettes and stacks of bacon on the front end of the buffet. We did stay to try lunch for the full 2 hour max. The carver David is great. The bussers are really on it! They make sure my dishes and even my straw sleeves were removed from the table. Our waiter barely came around though. Jeff was enthusiastic but the times we needed a refill he wouldn't be there, only when we basically had everything we needed. Also, if you're reading 1 star reviews... the one about the "rotten egg creme brulee" is totally bull. There's a sign that says Green Tea Creme brulee and Creme brulee. He obviously got the wrong one. I definitely would have loved to try dinner and eat some crab legs. I'm surprised a place like this doesn't have lobster. Or steak knives. I wouldn't pay $60+ for it though.
4	Other than 500 suckers waiting in a 2 hour line ( I had front of the line passes) this place is top notch, not your typical Vegas buffet!!! Worth every penny$$$$$
5	Gosh, it's places like this that make me wish I had more than one stomach....Bacchanal Buffet, hands down is my absolute FAVORITE buffet in Vegas. At some point in my food trance, I crazily admitted that I wished I could live here! It's that fabulous, and everything comes together---great food, beautifully designed restaurant, and attentive and friendly service.Notables:+ Okay, I know that this is a buffet, but there is literally SO MUCH FOOD. I liked that you don't really just get the traditional american buffet food, but they also serve up different types of cuisine as well. Like helllooo, congee station fully equipped with thousand year old egg and chinese donut? Yah, I could probably get a heaping pot of this in Chinatown for $5 but just the presence of this was surprising and pretty well executed. They also have thai food, and even a taco station added to the mix! + Omfg, crab legs! I hear the complaints that these aren't king crab legs, and yes... while I personally favor king crab over snow crab most days, did anyone mention that these are pretty much pre-shelled for you? Gosh, I guess I've never experienced this before so call me misinformed, but having the half the shell removed so that I could just dig in and eat up made the dining experience that much more pleasant. I'd hate to have the job of the crab de-sheller though.+ Lunch vs. Dinner? I'd do lunch a million times over. No one wants to have a night out with a food baby! Lunch is much cheaper than dinner in all cases, and if you're skeptical about less offerings being available, do the weekend brunch! Bottomless mimosas/champagne/bloody marys make the experience more than worthwhile. + Again, bottomless mimosas/champagne/bloody marys. YES!+ Dessert is a MUST DO here. I'm not all very fond of sweets, but the desserts they have here are just too good to pass up. Cookies, gelato, all sorts of different sweets to tickle your fancy. I've heard that they do macarons too, but they weren't available the day we were there. I loved all the flavors of gelato though, both the tried and true along with the uniquely uncommon. I sampled and loved both the sour cherry and the mango lime chile. + There's just something about how the restaurant was so thoughtfully laid out that really wowed me. I dunno about other people, but most times that I eat at buffets, I feel like I'm back in high school or college, herded into a cafeteria for lunch with a hundred other bodies. Overall, I liked how they weren't stingy when it came to space--the buffet was sprawling, and spaced out in such a way that it wasn't so much of a sensory overload going from different station to station. Moreover, the tables were spaced out in a way that I could really enjoy my time dining with great company, rather than overhearing the next table over. It's just the little things, but for me, these small details speak volumes to the experience.+ Props to the man at the carving station who theatrically exclaimed "welcome to Bacchanal buffet!", as I gazed in awe at the sheer selection of meats to choose from. Details. Service here is friendly and pleasant, though it got a little spotty towards the end when the restaurant started getting busier. My best advice is to come early if you can. What's so bad about pulling an early bird special vs. waiting an hour plus in line? I anticipated a crazy wait, especially on a holiday weekend (Easter), but when we showed up at 11am for lunch, the time from the moment we arrived to the moment that we were seated was less than ten minutes! Not too shabby. As we left a few hours later though, the lines were excruciating. Positively excruciating. Prices were escalated due to the holiday. Around $60 pp and for only lunch nonetheless, which is a little crazy, but considering what you get it's not too bad. When in Vegas, few bills is a small price to go to buffet heaven. Trust me, this is the stuff that dreams are made of!
5	I've tried all the major buffets in Vegas except for the Wicked Spoon (next time?) and Bacchanal is by far way better than the rest.  Standouts include the Asian, breakfast and seafood.  This is the only Vegas buffet where I never get tired of trying something unusal.  Add smiling and happy to be there staff and wonderfully sunlit dining space, I could spend a day here and it feels so relaxing rather than rushed and hectic like the other buffets.  A truly worthwhile experience.
4	I don't normally pay $60 to eat at a buffet, but when I do, it's because I'm in Vegas.  After all, where else would you have to spend that that much on a buffet?  And while I'd typically prefer to spend that kind of money on a more "traditional" meal, things are a little different when you're in the City of Sin/Gluttony.  So, if I'm going to do some damage at a buffet, I might as well do it right!Like so many of the better (and pricier) buffets in Vegas, Bacchanal does a great job of combining both quality (for a buffet) and variety in their offerings.  Seriously, there's PLENTY to choose from - seafood (crab legs, raw oysters, mussels, shrimp, etc.), sushi, salad, pizza, pastas, made-to-order tacos, carvery station (lamb, prime rib, sausages, pork loin, etc.), Asian dishes, fruits, desserts (chocolate covered strawberries!), and more.  -- PLATE #1 - Prime Rib, Sausage, lamb, Onion Rings(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bacchanal-buffet-las-vegas-7?select=p2b3VrXJwMZiRd0JwLCdJA#mrb056oZjB9C2jzPM-2sYQ)The guy gave me a cut matching the wellness I wanted, but also with lot of tendons.  Still, the meat was tender and well-seasoned.  The lamb was great as well (perhaps a tad salty) and the sausage was fine, though nothing special.-- PLATE #2 - Raw Oysters, Fresh Snow Crab Legs, Salmon Sashimi, Tempura Roll(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bacchanal-buffet-las-vegas-7?select=p2b3VrXJwMZiRd0JwLCdJA#IK9Vz3U6qMf6W1-Yi22rNA)For the most part, Bacchanal's seafood is fresh.  The oysters were plump and meaty (though not as sweet as smaller varieties) and the crab was terrific (too bad no king crab...).  Also, while the tempura roll was rather "meh", the salmon sashimi was pretty good.-- PLATE #3 - Carne Asada Taco, Carnitas Taco, and Chips with Salsa and Guacamole(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bacchanal-buffet-las-vegas-7?select=p2b3VrXJwMZiRd0JwLCdJA#ITbZBYTJhTZ8GClrU4nLHg)I had hopes for the tacos since they were cooked to order, but they were just okay.  The taste was fine, but both the carne asada and carnitas were dry and tough.  Not surprising given how small the meat was cut though.-- PLATE #4 - Lobster Chowder and Kobe Beef Slider(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bacchanal-buffet-las-vegas-7?select=p2b3VrXJwMZiRd0JwLCdJA#J0kJKgJhIn2HdzgdVPaWOQ)The chowder was a little salty, but the consistency was spot on.  Impressive for a buffet, though I wish there was more lobster.  The sliders though were easily the worst thing I had.  Sitting under the warmers grossly overcooked the beef.To deal with the steady crowd that flows in every night, Bacchanal has a pretty good system set-up.  Instead of the usual snaking lines, they have kiosks where you can enter your name, party size, and cell phone number.  After the machine prints out your ticket, you're free to leave until they text you to let you know you're next.  Otherwise, you can pay an extra $15 per person for the "express" option.While the "express" option is nice, it's also a gamble.  The kiosk quoted a 45-55 minute wait for the two of us, which seemed high since it was quiet on a Thursday night at 8pm.  Still, we declined since we weren't that hungry anyways.  No more than about 5-10 minutes later though, we got a text telling us we were up.  Risky, to say the least.Although I can't say for myself, I've heard from friends that Wicked Spoon has fallen off a bit as of late.  Between that and how the vast majority of what we had was pretty solid (save for the sliders, but much better overall than Bellagio), Bacchanal just might be my new favorite buffet in Vegas.  Even if it might be by default.
4	this buffet was pretty good. it cost my husband and i about 150$ for dinner here and with that price tag and the huge wait i had extremely high expectations. (plus everyone raves about it) they do fresh piping hot plates of crab legs! amazeballz! their mushroom pallenta is to die for. alot of the food was pretty good. it was a decent buffet but i dont think it shouldve costed that much. i can see maybe 100$ for two ppl but damn 150$...honestly the wicked spoon's brunch/ lunch buffet at 27.99 a person was waaaaaaay more impressive than dinner here.
5	Amazing variety of great tasting food! You are guaranteed to leave satisfied. Service is great too!
5	Best Vegas buffet! They have all sorts of food from Asian, Italian, Spanish, and more!!! They have seafood and different kinds of meat! It is pricey but worth it if you have an appetite!
4	Great variety of dishes and love how many of them are already proportioned in individual servings so that they're not picked over or more importantly handled by gross possibly sick people.  I also love that they have a new check in and wait system.  Having a toddler it's important that we don't have to stand in like for over an hour, the new kiosk system where they text you when your table is almost ready is such a great concept.  The reason I couldn't give 5 stars is just that buffet food is never gonna be super hot or fresh cause it's made in big batches.
2	I picked this lunch buffet because of the decent rating from Yelp!  The price is $35.99 per personOverall, the choice of foods variety is somewhat limited with what other competitors offering.  Foods are so-so.  With this kind of price, I would go for Wicked Spoon at least they have good desserts.
5	Bacchanal is definitely worthy of the title: "Best Buffet On The Strip"I've tried all the top buffets on the strip(Wynn, Bellagio, The M) but Bacchanal tops them all in every category.I notice the majority of low ratings come from the dinner reviews.. this review is based on breakfast and lunch.Food: I love the breakfast here.. they cover all the traditional breakfast food but with different flares. Things like Chicken&Waffles, Skirt Steak & Eggs, Corned Beef  Hash with a fried Quail Egg, & Lobster Egg Benedict. They also have a good amount of their lunch menu out during breakfast including the meat section, featuring about a dozen or so cuts/meat.. I especially enjoy the prime rib, habanero sausage, and bacon-wrapped lamb. The Asian food section in the back is also open in the morning.. foods like shumai, Pad Thai, sushi, and the Asian soup station(Pho, Ramen, Udon), which are actually pretty decent.This buffet has so much to offer.. from the 7 or 8 times we've visited, they've continued to come out with new, impressive options.Some of my other highlights: Chilean seabass, broccoli casserole, fried fish, any of the dishes that are topped with a fried egg, Baklava gelato, the salted caramel brownie thing, and the Horchata! Ambiance: A very clean, modern look with a comfortable setting that gives you a relaxing experience when enjoying your food. The main seating area could be a bit of a maze when going back and fourth but the overall layout is great. The one thing that does bother me is how wide the party-of-2 tables are and how close the tables are to one another. I was literally right next to the lady at the table next to me and further away from my girlfriend sitting across from me. I felt like I had to talk extra loud for my girlfriend to hear me, but soft enough so the next table isn't involuntarily listening to me.Service: Yes, this is a very popular buffet but they've come up with the genius idea of having a kiosk system where they text you when your table is almost ready. It is a very attractive idea because you don't get that discouraging feeling of seeing that crazy long line. It also gives you the opportunity to go do other things while waiting(gamble) :). All the staff members are very welcoming and polite.. quick servers and helpful cooks. The price of this buffet is a little bit more than all the others, but you will definitely get your money's worth every time. Tips: If you're coming for breakfast, try to come at the end of the breakfast time(10-10:30ish) so you can get a taste of the lunch items that come out at 11am. Take your time, try to get in all the options they offer and enjoy. Don't forget your Total Rewards card for a small discount!
3	I have not had a Vegas buffet in ages but I was happy to see that Bacchanal had an electronic system to avoid unnecessarily long lines. You enter your phone number in the system and they text you when to come back instead of you standing there for hours starving to death. What a great idear!The seafood options were plentiful and super fresh. The fruit selection was disappointing as they really only had cantaloupe, honeydew, and pineapple. They had an amazing meatball but some of the dishes we tried were salty or overcooked. The dessert bar has tons of options but the lady scooping gelato was quite disgruntled.Highlight of the evening....They take your picture before you enter the buffet them come around during your meal to see if you are interested in purchasing the picture. We had a group of four people at our table but when the guy came back he showed us a picture solo Asian guy. We did not want to purchase a picture but it was shocking as he had no clue or did not care.
3	I enjoyed it 1st time around when I found it to be pricey. 2nd time $65 Easter Sunday. It was more expensive. Nothing different from the 1st time. Lobster bisque was so salty. Quality of the majority of food deteriorated as well. There's so many other new places to try. Won't be going back.
5	Well well well....crab legs were my favorite, and they have cold or hot crab legs. We must have ate a ton of seafood at this buffet. Tried out lots of other food and i can say the service, food and atmosphere were just exeptional. Would go back again'
4	I'm usually not a big fan of buffets so to give 4 stars is saying a lot. Although the line seems long, it goes pretty fast. I want for lunch on a Sunday and waited about 30 mins. Although the price on the higher end, the food quality is worth it. Lunch includes unlimited mimosas and champagne, juices, coffee and soft drinks. The food selection is pretty good. Everything was really fresh. I really loved their seafood section with the warm king crab legs, clam bake, and shrimp cocktail. To my disappointment, they only had oyster shooters and not fresh oysters even though they had oysters on display. The taco stand was pretty awesome with a wide variety of home made salsas. Make sure you try the mango habanero salsa. They were very generous with the unlimited champagne and mimosas. I heard they now have check in kiosks to minimize the lines and fresh oysters during dinner.
5	Best buffet in Vegas in my opinion ... The steak station is untouchable ... Try the sliders too and all the crazy desserts they offer ...
4	The price might be a little bit high($110 for 2 ppl), but the food is worth it. Love the oyster, eat 3 dishes of it. The Chinese food is good. And the cake is tasty. Oh, and I also love the ice tea in there
4	I'm here again found out they don't serve ribeye anymore major disappointment and the lamb chops not quite good also.  The oysters seem to take awhile to be brought out.  Hot crab legs over by the Italian side and the cocktail shrimp are still good.  The sliders are still awesome.  The desserts are good also.
4	One of the better buffets Vegas has to offer. Coming here on a Saturday, the price per person was $52 + tax. (-1 dollar if you have their players card). The wait time wasnt too bad. Since they changed it to the electronic "fast pass" system, our wait was about an hour. You can also input your cell number for text reminders. We decided to walk around the forum shops. We got through to pay fairly quick and were seated maybe, 5-10 minutes later. We were seated right next to the Dessert Station, right where the chocolate dipped strawberries were. *drools* First plate, meat station ! Both Doriee and I went for this first. Main reason we came here was because a friend came into town, and wanted lamb chops for dinner. Aside from our usual place to get lamb chops, we decided to try a new place. Since he hasnt been to the Bacchanal Buffet, here we went ! (despite my crying wallet Q_Q) Back to the story. When i arrived at the meat carving station, i asked for a slice of prime rib. then the lamb chops. here's how the conversation went between the carver and myselfMe: Can i get some lamb chops?Chef: How many? Me: uhh 4?Chef: 4? 5? 10?Me: *joking* however many you want to give me ! ! !dot dot dot . . .*watches the chef use his tongs, and dig deep into the platter of lamb chops and grabbed all it can, and piled it on my plate.* For the record, he put SEVEN lamb chops on my plate. CHALLENGE ACCEPTED ! OM NOM NOM ! He did the same thing with Doriee but she stood firm on her request of 3, and would just pick off mine if she wanted more. To give an idea on the SIZE of these lamb chops. In comparison to like the the lamb chops from Koi (Australian? New Zealand?) or from Brio Tuscan Grille, these were at least 2-3x the size... EACH.. oh boy... what did i get myself into. They were heavy enough to make my arm tired from carrying it around to get more food ! x_x I could easily say, they were an easy 1-2lb of MEAT. yeah i ate it all. Meat temp wise, was a hit and miss. throughout everyone at the table, we got about a 50% chance of getting a perfect med rare cook. other 50% was medium or higher. Flavor was good. Overall great lamb chops !Prime rib was a bit dry. Kind of sad. Crab was hot (station now at italian area). Butter still by the seafood station though. Cocktail shrimps were huge. Enough to make me take 2 bites instead of the usual 1 bite chomp-age. Oyster was fat and fresh. Not completely clean but not bad. I think i had a baby pearl in mine too XD Chicken Ginseng Soup is NOT in individual clay bowls anymore. I guess thats a good thing, so it prevents me from burning my fingers over and over trying to get it... Lol. Flavor was pretty good. I do believe they added salt to the soup though (we never do at home). No sight of ginseng anymore (sad ! i like eating ginseng too) DESSERTS !yeah by the time i reached this stage, i was pretty stuffed over limit already. Previously noted chocolate strawberries were all gone for the night. Limited to 1 per person. Souffles ! my fav ! fresh made to order ! piping hot out of the oven !pistachio - Light ! flavorful ! little sweet ! great with a cup of coffee ! chocolate - super rich x_x chocolate-y ! DEFINITELY needed the coffee otherwise i'd have trouble finishing this. churros - short pieces of churro, freshly made. nice and hot. filled in the middle with a pastry cream. Overall experience. Great ! Service was a bit slow on picking up used/empty plates. Friend was happy with his experience (he's quite picky).I ate to the point where i didnt have much room in me to breathe ! doriee can attest to seeing my difficulty in breathing.. short quick breathes only x_x
5	this was a perfect pit stop for our bachelorette party as us girls were super craving a huge dessert bar. we also had a good selection of their seafood, surprisingly good dim sum, and lamb. don't forget to try the corn on the cob... so much butter.. a definite must for splurging :) i love this buffet's dessert bar... unlimited creme brulee, macarons, and chocolate covered strawberries. heavenly!
3	I'm not a big fan of buffets usually, but I do have to say that this buffet was good.  I thought it was a bit over priced. We went for breakfast, the buffet isn't that large but service was good.
4	3.5 StarsGood selection of seafood and desserts, expensive.Thought we'd try this place out for dinner with a group of 7, it was $65/person?  In order to be seated your entire party must be present.  The decor is nice and trendy and the food selection is pretty good, but really, only 2 hours to stuff myself?!I really liked the seafood and dessert sections, everything else was aright.  They even had ramen/pho but I'd rather go to a place that focuses just on those soups.  I was hooked on the horchata and aguas frescas though.I prefer Caesars buffet still.
4	Sunday champange brunch!  I suppose everything is better with booz but we had a great time.  Great selection of food and everyting looked quality.  Negatives are that they don't have a non-champagne option for non-drinkers (so I had to drink twice as much of couse) and their crab was icy.  I had them boil it but it was so salty, it was ineddible. But it was no biggy cuz they kept the mimosas coming!
5	Amazing amazing amazing!!!! Best meal so far in Vegas! We came for lunch. The American and Mexican station were my favorite with dessert close behind. The pork sliders were incredible!! Really blown away and totally worth the 77$ for both my husband and I! Yum yum yum
5	Wow... This is really the best buffet on the strip. The top 3 buffets are: 1. Caesars palace buffet 2. Wicked Spoon buffet at Cosmopolitan3. Bellagio buffetDessert options are amazing!!Love the juice bar juices!!The variety of food is great!! Beautiful, modern buffet!!
5	Came for the fame, and it did not disappoint! (other than my wallet... oh god). $50+ and I think their price is going up every year!This place is HUGE, I get lost at where I am sitting for the first few times getting food back to my table. Nice decoration, they design it into sections and each section gives you different atmosphere. Ambiance is a little darker than my liking. Service is great, attentive and courteous. They would swap your drink even before you finish your previous glass. Nothing to complain and meets my expectation of a buffet this price range. Food quality definitely superb! With varieties from various parts of Asia, Europe, and America. Their cookware are all super expensive Le Crueset or Staub. Fresh seafood, and GET THEIR WARM KING CRAB LEG near the pizza section. From many posted pictures in yelp you can already tell they give you TONS. Desert is good, their gelato is okay not the best I've had, but I am very picky when it comes to desert. My dilemma when eating here is that since I'm paying so much already, I feel like I intentionally skipping all of the food that seems cheaper to make and will fill you up (carbs), like fried rice, taco, bread, hotdog... etc. However, I know I'm also missing out quite a lot because they could taste wonderful. And seafood is... just seafood. They are fresh, and high quality, but other buffets for $10 or $20 cheaper will have the similar seafood as well. So its a struggle to decide what to pick up to eat if you only have one chance. Maybe they should raise the price a little more, but make it a one-day-pass sort-of deal. So you don't have to stuff yourself up so quickly and can have more time enjoying all of the dishes. Oh they change their dishes every other hour or so, so sit for a little longer, you might find something new.
4	Second best buffet in Vegas.  I think Wicked Spoon edges it out, but this place is fantastic.  There are a lot of interesting dishes and they're all good.Personal favorites were the kobe sliders and the dim sum buns.All the strip buffets are priced about the same, so you know what you're getting yourself in to going in.  If you decide to do a strip buffet, this is a fine choice.
5	A huge selections for you to choose from.  We were there for like 3 hours chilling out and enjoying the food. My family must have eaten away at least a week long worth of food there.
5	Instructions on how to get in to Bacchanal Buffet:1.) line up at the kiosk machine and enter your name, your party size and specify if it's for a special occasion. & lastly, don't forget to put your phone number! Bacchanal will text you when your table is ready. Take your ticket and wait.2.) don't be frightened by the wait time (65-70 minutes). This is just an estimate. I was told there will be an hour wait, so I walked to The Forum, bought a tie, and received a text shortly after. I only waited 15 minutes! 3.) give your ticket to the employees by the podium and they will check you in. 4.) walk a few steps forward and pay the cashier. I ended up paying $200 for 4 guests. I don't usually spend ~$50/person at a buffet, but it was our first time and everyone is raving about how good it is, so I took my family here. 5.) the photographer takes your picture6.) and last but not least, you are finally seated. The server asked what we wanted to drink. My brother got ginger ale (free with meal), my other brother got sprite (also free), and my mother ordered an unsweetened iced tea (also free). I ordered a mimosa. Our server informed us that a glass of mimosa is $7, while the endless/all you can drink mimosa is $10. Of course I went with the endless mimosa. For $3 more, I can drink till my heart's content. ^____^ must I add that I really love mimosa. So, best believe I drank $10, or.... rather $50 dollars worth of mimosa LOL.-- Moving on to the food --From my table, I can see that Bacchanal had a lot to offer. The buffet is broken down into different sections/cuisines. I didn't know where to begin, or how far the room stretched. I just knew that I had to walk every inch of the buffet before I took my pick. I found myself in the back of Bacchanal and saw a lady treading the room and thought to myself: "what's the hurry?" My eyes followed the lady and watched as she received a fat serving of hot, steamy king crab legs straight from the pot!! At that moment, I knew I was no longer Cindy. Oh no no no.. I was Ruby the Copycat. I took a plate and went straight for the King Crabs lol. I walked back to my table, dropped off my plate of hot and steamy crab legs and made my way to the seafood section. I got an assortment of seafood as well as raw oysters and shrimp cocktail! YUM!!! I went back for more servings of crab legs and shrimp cocktail. I couldn't look at seafood anymore after eating so much of it. So I went on an adventure and found myself in the Vietnamese cuisine section. In the far back, they served pho! Oh what the hellzzzzz. But I eat pho so frequently, that I decided against it. I walked further and found the Japanese section. I loaded up on the sushi, onigiri, miso soup, California rolls, and eel rolls. I grabbed another plate and loaded on the edamame. As I made my way back to my table, I couldn't help but double fist and dance my way back.I ate and I ate.. And soon enough 3 hours had flew by. Where the time went? Idk, but I wasn't going to question or ponder why/where/how the time flew by so quickly. I was in my happy place. And I'm not going to stop stuffing my face just because of time. The food was delightful. Every bite reminded me that the gruesome three hour drive was worth it! As the plaque noted, Bacchanal Buffet is truly "a feast worthy of Gods."
5	The best Food experience you will ever have !!!Food verity - 10/10Food quality - 9/10Atmosphere - 9/10Price - fairAll and all - unbelievable!!!Very much recommended.
4	Holy cow.I'd heard about Vegas buffets before but had never eaten at one.  After having breakfast at Bacchanal buffet one morning during my most recent stay, I get it now.Not only was I full until dinnertime, I also had the choice to eat pretty much anything my heart desired.  The wide range of foods went anywhere and everywhere from shrimp cocktail to chilequiles, beef chow fun to pizza.  Mind you, this was at 7am when they opened.  Don't ask me why I was up at 7, and yes, I had gone to bed from the night before.I stayed pretty much within the realm of standard breakfast indulgence, eggs benedict, breakfast potatoes (I had my choice of at last four types,) bacon, a frittata type dish with Brussels sprouts and other veg, SLAB BACON.  Dude, they were carving SLAB BACON to order.  The slice I got was like a friggin' steak.  Graham and I had to share it.  They also had breakfast burritos, shrimp and grits, bagels...In addition to stuffing myself (c'mon... this buffet was over $40 per person, did you think I wasn't going to make sure I didn't have to eat again until dinner?) with those items, I did get down on some shrimp cocktail, smoked trout, mussles, and a TON of great coffee.Bacchanal buffet.  I'm not normally a buffet fan.  At all.  But you're a'ight in my book.
4	Tips to make your experience here enjoyable:- You can pay $15 extra to get in the express line and avoid a 2 hour wait to get in, but on a busy day the wait can still be very long.- The most important tip if you like crab legs. They have cold and HOT crab legs. If you want them hot go to the Italian station at the other end of the buffet where you see some cooks making pizza. Ask the guy next to the big pots.- The line for the taco bar is very long so it's best to get a couple or don't plan on coming back.- Make sure you don't get an end piece of prime rib. They are overcooked and dry. Ask for a middle piece that's pink.- Avoid the pad thai, mac and cheese, macaroons, tofu cake pops, and churros.Overall there are a lot of options and I find myself choosing this place over Wicked Spoon. The seafood is top quality. Of all things I enjoyed their dim sum. They have great cookies and flan, but I found most of the desserts underwhelming. A top 5 buffet in my book.
2	We had been wanting to try the Bacchanal Buffet for months so we were so excited to finally have the opportunity to try it yesterday. We arrived and the wait was 101 minutes which was a bit insane. We ended up getting seated in 45 minutes which we were thrilled about. Once we walked in I was already disappointed with the selection they offered for what is known as "the #1 buffet in Vegas." I think the biggest disappointment was having to wait in a 20-30 minute wait to get your food. Unlike other buffets where you walk up to a station to grab food, you had to wait in an extremely long line to get all of your items. It was a bit ridiculous. We ended up eating the food we grabbed as we waited. The best items they offered were the steak tacos, sliders, crab legs and pizza. Everything else was so/so. Also, the breakfast selection was highly disappointing. They did not offer omelets, pancakes; many of the popular breakfast items. The best thing about this buffet was that mimosas are included in the $45 price (for Sunday brunch.) I feel bad giving it two stars as the service was REALLY good, our waiter was on point and always ensured we had drinks which was awesome. I think because Bacchanal has always been marketed as the #1 buffet I had much higher expectations, especially since it is one of the most expensive buffets on the strip. I would much rather eat at Wicked Spoon at Cosmo or at Aria's buffet.
5	I've attempted this place 3 times. First time was on Christmas Eve and the wait was 334 minutes according to the kiosk ticket. Then I tried again on New Year's Eve and they weren't giving out passes anymore. Tried again on a Sunday around 4pm & there was no line and I was seated right away. The food was amazing!!!! I didn't even get to 2 of the stations because I was so stuffed.  They try to ask you to limit your dining time to 2 hours but if I'm paying $51 per person I will sit there as long as I want!! I was there for 2.5 hours. It was delicious and the cooks were constantly rotating the foods so it was never there for more than what seemed like 1 hr. Tip....go when dinner first starts (4/5pm)and there usually isn't a crazy wait time or wait at all.
4	Having dinner 1st at the Wicked Spoon, my expectation fell short. With a more options as far as entree's I felt they were not as tasty as the Wicked Spoon. I expected better for being a pricier place but quantity cannot replace quality. Don't get me wrong they are good but think twice about shelling out more clamps when I've experience a better quality place with less money,
5	As ungodly lavish buffets go, this is the top of mount Olympus. Most of the items are 4 star which in itself is an achievement for a lunch buffet (hence the five stars). The oriental station was my favorite. The dessert station is a visual feast far more than a culinary feast (though, that is not to say it is sub par, just that there is nothing to die for here). Make sure you don't have breakfast and don't plan to have dinner. Time and money well spent if you are looking for gluttony in good taste.
4	There are tons of buffets in Vegas but not all of them are good. This one is total jackpot, I did the breakfast buffet and I swear I just about tasted everything and it was high quality and great tasting food. 30 bucks well spent!
5	omg .. 4 days ago my friends and I went back to the bacchanal buffet at Caesars again , the food was to tasting and fesh so yummy , we love it  the service was excellen  next month we will coming back again . Good job guy. :-)))
5	During my most recent trip to Vegas, we decided to venture away from Wicked Spoon and try the Bacchanal Buffet after hearing countless good things about it. Immediately, I was impressed by the atmosphere and the layout of the buffet, which is crucial in being able to stay and indulge in as many of the offerings as possible!It's difficult to pick favorites, but one of the highlights is definitely the seafood. For the price you're paying, it's definitely most worthwhile to indulge in the crab legs, mussels, and shrimp. I was so thankful that the crab legs were conveniently sliced in the middle for easy access to the meat. The chicken and waffles was also a great pairing, with a huge piece of perfectly fried chicken and a slightly sweet crunchy waffle. There is a huge assortment of meats at the meat station, as well as a station designated for breakfast food, including french toast, red velvet pancakes, scrambled eggs, and bacon. The ethnic stations each had specialty dishes that were relatively authentic in my opinion. Some of my favorites were the risotto, the shrimp and grits, and the lobster biscuits and gravy. I was also surprised that the Asian food was actually good! I loved the shrimp har gao, as well as the ramen station that serves up made-to-order bowls of steaming hot ramen. The dessert station completely blew my mind, somehow thinking up every possible dessert that I could ever want, from classic apple pie and cheesecake to flan and crepes. There is sure to be something even for those of you without a sweet tooth, and definitely be sure to sample some of their unique ice cream flavors, like baklava and Mexican chocolate. Bacchanal truly lives up to its name, thinking up everything you could want in a buffet for an afternoon of gluttony and indulgence. Wear your loosest pants because you're going to want to have at least one of everything once you walk in!
4	Huge selection with lots of seafood and amazing desserts. Seafood: oysters, mussels, shrimp, cod... No crab when we were there unfort. Modern glass-filled upper scale ambiance, yet still casual enough. Overall you'll have a great time at this buffet!
5	Wonderful buffet inside Cesar's palace. The wait can be long so be prepared. Any level of players car higher than gold will get you in faster.Dim sum here is great. Sushi is not just your cookie cutter buffet sushi. I think the best items are from the grill. There's a huge selection of meats, prime rib, ribs, sausage, etc.
4	Best Buffet in Vegas....hands down.   Is it more expensive? Yes.  Is it worth every penny? Absofreakinlutely!  While I love a buffet in general, nothing is worse than going to one, paying $25-35 and being unable to eat yourself stupid because the food just sucks.  That absolutely will not happen here. Pros:Shrimp and grits.  I've literally had dreams about this!Peeled shrimp!  I really really hate having to peel shrimp.Oysters on the half shell.  NomNomNomHot king crab legs. Basically all of the food I tried was good to great.  Except for....The desserts. They were just alright.  Not bad, by any stretch of the imagination, but nothing to write home about either.Cons:OMG the line.  Ridiculous.  Try and go around late lunch or EARLY in the AM.  I refuse to pay any more to eat an already expensive meal.  This is the only reason why I didnt give it 5 stars.  Where it is located, Caesars could totally expand it to include more dining room if they wished...but they dont.
4	I will certainly say this is one of the better buffets that Vegas has to offer so it certainly is worth the price tag that comes along with it, but they do discount with the total rewards so that's always a plus! I only marked it 4 stars for the simple fact that the quality of the food was inconsistent.It did take quite a bit from paying to the time we sat which had me a bit disgruntled, but I'm certainly not going to ding any points for that. The layout itself is quite massive. There are literally stations everywhere and just when you think it's done there are.....You guessed it.....MORE STATIONS!I tried to sample anything and everything that looked appealing, but still found myself hovering around the seafood station and slider areas. I was a fan of the shrimp as it was both soft and did have some great flavor to it. The hit seemed to be the kobe slider, but for me it hit a sore spot. The first one I had showed me why I waited forever as it was moist and tasted like I hit a jackpot in my mouth, but the second time around all I could taste was char and couldn't eat another bite. As I said it certainly pays off well beyond the price tag if done the right way. There is great selection and I'm certain something for everyone. The etiquette of the people in line could use an improvement, but that certainly is not the fault of the staff nor Caesar himself.
5	Among the best buffets that I have had in Vegas. Very close to Wynn and Cosmo. The seafood of both snow and Alaskan crab was awesome, service was great, shrimp was huge. Yes it is expensive, pay the extra money! I went to sister property Rio or the seafood buffet the same weekend and it was similar in price and was absolute garbage.
3	We went for lunch and were disappointing with the selection based on what I had seen online for dinner. I know it was cheaper, but it felt as though it was a half effort at lunch time. Overall the quality of the food was way above average buffets, but some dishes were much better than others. The sliders, cheese selection, tiny plated salads/vegetables, and tacos were stand out items at the buffet. The sushi was decent too as well as the meat station. There was a lot missing from the seafood section at lunch time so if you are a seafood fan do NOT go for lunch.The desserts were nicely displayed, but it was a mixed bag in terms of flavor. The strawberry cheesecake pops were amazing and the green tea creme brulee was creative, but the red velvet whoopie pie was flavorless. Although I enjoyed the lack of a crowd during lunch time at Bacchanal, your money may be better spent at dinner, when I assume they put in more effort.
4	The hot crab legs are to die for! So delicious!!! Came here on a Wednesday night around 8pm. No line (thank goodness)! Last time we came, the line was wrapped around, and the wait was about 2 hours! The cost was about $50/ person. I thought that was pretty reasonable considering the amount of variety there was. In Hawaii, you'll easily pay $50 for a buffet that doesn't have half the choices of food. Our waiter was very friendly and always made sure our drinks were filled. My boyfriend and I really enjoyed our meal here.
4	Booofay is a hit or miss, for me!  So far, i only love one spot (buffet at the Aria). But Bacchanal is not bad either, Saturday was about $48 pp. There's a whole lot of choices and presentations are top notched. Great variety of cuisines. The lines (at 12pm) wasn't deadly but it was 45min to get seated so, grab a drink at the bar situated right outside the buffet. 4star is for our awesome male server, endless champagne pour and cleaned our plates everytime we got up. The place is huge so grab two or three plates at a time =) Crab legs were a bit too salty, only complained (still i had four plates by myself)
5	Delicious! $80 for 2. When we got there at 1050 on monday, they were just finishing up breakfast so we sampled both breakfast and lunch. Less than 20 minute wait. One complaint was they cleared our table once and gave it to another group of diners before we were done. Same thing happened to a couple next to us. They had to reseat us.
5	By far the best buffet I have ever eaten at. If you are a seafood lover, go here. They have everything from oysters to shrimp cocktails to crab legs. For non seafood fanatics there's just about everything here: pizza, dim sum, pho, sushi, you name it, they probably have it. Their dessert section is AMAZING. By the time desserts came around, I was so full I didn't get a chance to try everything. They have macarons, crepes, gelato, strawberry dipped strawberries, beignets and so much more. My favorite parts were the oysters and the desserts. They also have really cool juice bottles you can pick up which range from strawberry to guava and they even have horchata!My only complaint is it's a little pricey. It's almost $60 before tip but hey it's Vegas and you're eating at one of the best buffets there. There's usually a 2 hour or so wait but they have a system now where they text you so just head over to the Forum Shops or gamble during that time.
4	I have tried almost every buffet on the strip.Decided to take the hit and paid $50 for dinner.Bacchanal is definitely the best on the strip.  They have everything and their Asian food is actually very good!  Jumbo shrimp, king crab, tiny lobster, sushi that is not full of rice, noodle soup that actually tastes very good, very delicious dessert, etc.They even take a picture of you before you enter like it's an attraction.BUT I can't recommend it at $50.  The value is just not there.  You will be just as happy at the Wicked Spoon or the Wynn buffet or the Bellagio buffet for 20%+ less.You'll be busy trying to get your moneys worth.  The people around me were done eating, but it seemed like they were waiting to digest so they can fit in more.  The receipt states to "please limit your stay to 2 hours"The restroom is to the right of the exit and yes, you can re-enter after you unload.Your friends will be excited to go, but won't talk about how good it was.  They'll just talk about how they went to this $50 experience.  Ask them which food item specifically was better than other buffets?
4	A wide variety of food. The dim sum is ehhh.. I'm a big fan of the desserts and crab legs though. I prefer Wicked spoon, but the desserts are better over here.
1	After 90 minutes wait on Saturday afternoon for this restaurant, I have to say I was pretty disappointed. They do have a pretty good selection, the food was just so so and  not as delicate for 45$ per person.
4	Huge selection of fresh, tasty food. A decent meal of crab, sushi, shrimp, lamb, beef, etc. would easily cost this much per person anywhere in Vegas, and you wouldn't have the huge selection. The only down side was the desert bar. I find the desert bar at the Wicked Spoon to be more impressive.
5	This is the best buffet in Las Vegas.  The food is top notch quality and is always fresh!!!  While here the oysters were the plumpest I've had in a long time!  The oyster shooters were off the wall good.  Crab legs were great and cut in half making it easier to get too.... I like snapping my own in half but their way works OK.   Dessert island is awesome.  Everything I tried tasted wonderful!!! The atmosphere and seating makes you feel like you're in a high end place.  Worth the price of entry
5	I won't be able to summarize eaisly how great this buffet is. With the exception of price, this is by far the best buffet I've ever had the pleasure of dining in, in 50 years of life. Their wide variety of gourmet pleasures are vast to say the least. Their dessert are bar none the best I've ever seen offered at any buffet ever. I not only highly recommend, I suggest you forget wherever you where planning on going, and cone straight here, the best by far!
5	$50 per person so its pretty pricey... But food was GREAT! They served lamb (my fave) & they had mint jelly!! (Not all restaurants carry it idk why not). They make taco's as u order, had a mexican area, american, japanese. Chinese, cheese area, all diff kinda of soup not just the usual miso & clam chowder. Served crablegs that they cut in half already to make thing easier for everyone AND u have an option to have a steamed one. Desserts also wasnt just the usual - they actually had mochi here too! Just amazed me & my husband. Oh they also had tamarino, guava, horchata drinks. How cool is that?!Line was worth it!Price was worth it!MUST TRY!!
4	$80 for 2 at lunch. It's Vegas so that's not my gripe. My problem was that there is almost nothing for my wife who is a vegetarian. Otherwise the food was above other buffets. Each item that I ate tastes like it was from a restaurant and not a mass produced Buffett. Desserts were awesome as well. May not come back because my wife can't eat anything here.
5	Went here on a Friday me and my girls were trying to come for breakfast but due to checking out and waking up late only made lunch. It was 38.99+ $10 for unlimited mimosas.( My best friend had never had a mimosa before so we need to change that pronto.) They food was great I stuffed myself full of meatballs and tacos and shrimp cocktail. The Prime rib was on point!!!! I was just disappointed I couldn't make enough room to enjoy all the desserts I wanted too but I did have the gelato which was delicious. I was bummed because they only make macaroons Saturday and Sunday but everything else definitely made up for that. I will definitely come back when I go to Vegas in a few months!
4	This Las Vegas buffet is permeated with familiar comfort foods prepared in the freshest manner exploiting the finest ingredients. With more than 500+ dishes to choose from daily, every guest is sure to satiate their immense craving at Bacchanal, whether it's one for prime rib, chilled king crab legs that are already cut for you, grilled lamb chop, made to order tacos, and baked-to-order pastries. It represented the decadence of a Roman feast set within a fine dining atmosphere. Super chic environment with Sparta theme surrounded by the Greek goddesses or Roman emperors for a huge feast. I've been to Wicked Spoon, The Carnival Buffet, Wynn Buffet, and many others in Las Vegas. This one didn't impress me to an extend. I had super high expectation but it didn't exceed it. I guess all the hype isn't just a bluff. I will have to pass on this one but this deserves 4 stars.
4	My sister and I have tried a new buffet during our annual trips to Vegas (Mandalay, Wynn, and Paris previously) and this is my favorite so far.  We actually went twice (brunch and lunch on two different days) because we stayed at Caesars, it was convenient, and satisfied all our cravings.  Highlights-salad bar, meats and cheeses, pizza, sushi, and all the American offerings.  May have been the best biscuits and gravy ever.  Yummy fired chicken.  The desserts at lunch and sweets at breakfast were outstanding too.  My only criticism is lack of offerings at the Mexican station, I love Mexican and couldn't find anything that appealed to me.
4	Last year were much better, more king crabs, this year not so much, and it is $5 more now! However, i love the desserts bar, must try the pandan tiramisu cake with 24k gold leaf!
4	step 1: go to kiosk, ignore the ppl in the other line, you dont need to worry about that yetstep 2: input number of party, get print out slip, input telephonic numerosstep 3: wait for text to recall back to aforementioned linestep 4: get in linestep 5: pay, tip on card if you wish to leave tip right then and there instead of cashstep 6: before you get into the next line, a guy will take a picture of youstep 7: wait in line, give them your receiptstep 8: the hostess will take you to your tablestep9: PROFITmust gets:-prime rib-wagyu sliders-their variety of drinks (not soft drinks) like horchata, strawberry juice, guava-gelato selections-dimsum (although not the best, probably the best vegas has to offer if you have the cravings)brilliant table service, amazing hospitality, food selection wide and varied50bucks for buffet, discount if you got your total rewards card i think
5	As far as buffets goes, this is the best I have ever experienced. I am someone who cannot stand buffets because of the germs that often comes with the name. However, Bacchanal Buffet is the exception. The restaurant was extremely clean as they staff constantly wiping down counters and tables as well as changing out old pans including serving utensils. I dined here back in March of 2014 when I was in Vegas for vacation. Because my boyfriend is a platinum member on some Vegas deal he has, we were able to skip the long line ( GREAT bonus) and be seated right away. We had a server who came and took drink orders and we were on our way to feast on great food!The buffet is gigantic. It's almost overwhelmingly large to where you don't know where to start. They have different "stations" offering a variety of food from salad bars, to BBQ, Italian, American, Asian, seafood, and so on. Because the buffet is so large, there were stations I missed completely because I never got around to visiting every station The best buffet to me was the dessert bar. Wow! Every dessert your heart desires they just about had. They are expensive $50. However, the meal ended up being free for us because my boyfriend had over $400 worth of pts to use at restaurants so the cost didn't "hurt" us. But even if we did had to pay out of pocket, it would have been worth every dollar. The food, the service, the atmosphere all were considered when dining here.I cannot wait to get back to Vegas so I can go back. You will not find a better buffet than Bacchanal Buffet.
4	On my recent trip to Vegas, the family and I decided to head over to Bacchanal before going to Red Rock Canyon for breakfast. We went at 9:30AM on a Sunday and just as I had predicted, there were no lines. $50.00 per person and since it was my second time going to Bacchanal, I was over it. Bacchanal is a whole smorgasbord of dishes you can find anywhere in this world. It was breakfast but they were serving wings, crab legs and more! They have a lot of comfort food and Bacchanal just adds a little more spizazz to it. Your normal fries gets the extra parmesan and truffle on top. Your regular chicken wings have a buffalo with blue cheese and I-forgot-which-herb on it. I'm guessing you get the point now.The extra touches that they add to completely "normal" food makes it worth your while though. I personally loved their fries (yes, I had fries at 9 in the morning. Don't judge me) and dimsum section. Along with that, I can't really complain about having to pay $50.00 either, their selection is vast and the majority are absolutely tasty.We left at around 11 a.m and the line was starting to pile up. So if you're the type who doesn't like to wait, try waking up a wee bit early to avoid lines!
4	Vegas truly offers some of the most extravagant buffet in the world.We came here for Saturday brunch ($44.99 + tax - $1 discount with Total Rewards card). Unlike other Vegas buffets where you stand and wait in line, you first walk up to one of the kiosk machines and input your name, phone number, and party size. Once Bacchanal has an available spot for your party, you will receive a text and ask you to check-in and pay at the cashier within 15 minutes. The estimated waiting was supposedly 70 minutes, but we only waited for 30 minutes. Honestly, this whole place did feel like a mini food heaven. You can find dim sum in the Chinese section, prime rib in the meat section, pre-cut crab legs in seafood section, a juice bar with freshly made fruit / vegetable juices, and many more. Plate 1: BBQ pork, roasted duck, sushi, sashimi, dim sum (har gow, shumai), beef chow fun: For a buffet, all Chinese and Japanese food tasted pretty much hit the spot. Just don't expect these food to be five-star quality.Plate 2: Fried chicken, smoked brisket, bone-in prime rib, sweet potato tots, Wagyu beef sliders: I thought sweet potato tots was pretty unique and Wagyu beef sliders was definitely a highlight. Unfortunately, prime rib and fried chicken were average at best. The prime rib at Wynn Buffet tasted so much better. Plate 3: mussels, oysters, crab legs, chef special (mushroom polenta), sauteed mushrooms: Pre-sliced FRESH crab legs? Fresh mussels and oysters? This must be a seafood heaven! Plate 4: creme brulee, egg tart, almond cookie, green tea cookie with azuki beans, pecan sticky buns: Other than pecan sticky buns, everything else tasted amazing. That creme brulee ... I can eat that thing 3 times a day. Gelato (Thai tea + red bean flavors) and horchata: One of the best gelato I've had, but it melt so quickly =(. Oh and horchata is a must try - sooooo good. Main takeaway: Wynn Buffet has better prime ribs and Bacchanal Buffet has better desserts (and horchata). Not a perfect buffet, but you definitely get what you pay for.
4	The seafood section here will amaze you in every single aspect. Snow crab legs are already cut in half for your convenience, you can taste real tomato and celery in their oyster shooters and every type of seafood here is very fresh. The sushi bar could be a bit better by adding hand rolls or more options of Japanese food. Dinner here is about $60 but it's well worth it. The dessert bar is my favorite part of this buffet. They have a variety of desserts from mochi ice-cream to macaroons. I was totally surprised by their cake pop! ITS REALLY GOOD. If you come for dinner,the estimated waiting time is around 60~80minutes. Service is average unless you are a total reward diamond member, they'll literally come check on you every 5-10minutes. I really like the atmosphere here. Overall, it was a great dining experience.
5	If I were to describe this place with five words, it would be, OH THIS IS THE BEST. Hands down, best buffet on the strip, in my opinion. Yes, I do remember the snake-like queue line to the cashier. But for those hungry monsters who can't wait anymore, there's an "Express Line". Remember the Express Lines in Universal Studio? Yes, with a little more fee, you can get into the Bacchanal Heaven in a second. But my girlfriend and I were broke then, so we stood in line. I think we waited around forty five minutes to an hour and it wasn't at peak season. Do your math. It was dinner when we were here and they have a magnificent array of food. High-quality buffet, and not just mere bunch of food thrown around in metal baskets. I would highly recommend it to anyone. Worth the price and the wait.
3	Five stars for the environment. It makes me just want to sit there and chat with friend even if I am not eating anymore. Three stars for the food. Most of the food looked very appetizing, until you eat it.I got five cold crab legs, three of them are way too salty that I couldn't eat them. BBQ rib needs a little bit more timeFresh oyster did not taste too fresh and was a little sandyMust try - the oxtail soup - five starsAlso, their Asian food were not bad either. They even had ramen!For $50, I don't know if I should come back again...
3	Meh - it wasn't that impressive. I would have rather paid $700 for 5 star service than being in a cattle line.  The food was nothing to write home about.We had to stand in line for over 2 hours, only to have our party split into 2 groups and placed separately. I might go back, but not during dinner on a weekend. No, they don't take reservations.
4	My first time! Came with my parents to foot the bill haha. I have had all the nice buffets: Bellagio, Wynn, Wicked Spoon, and other lesser ones like the Mirage and Rio. Bellagio used to be my favorite but I think Bacchanal has surpassed it. Each buffet has its signature qualities like the Wynn is known for desserts, Bellagio for seafood. Bacchanal had an amazing gourmet selection of all kinds of foods, everything was meticulously prepared and presented. Pros:Seafood was fresh, esp the oysters and the king crab legs. Ceviche could use some work though.The Mexican drinks at the Mexican bar!The LAMB LEG was SO GOODDChocolate filled Beignets (I took the last one and it was like 9pm...) Gelato selection! Even mochi ice cream!Lava cake was actually lava. But they don't serve it in ramekins anymore...Brussels sprouts!Veggie cupCold cut selection!Cons:Everything beef. The prime rib was dry and unjuicy. The wagyu beef burger was blech, with a terrible dried bun. The meatball was cold and blah. It is expensive, but the selection and quality of the food makes up for it compared to the other buffets.
5	AH. I love Bacchanal so much, I seriously dream about it every day. I honestly can't wait until the day I go back to eat it again. I'm really skeptical about buffets and have tried quite a few in my lifetime, but I must say, Bacchanal is THE best and it seriously surpassed my expectations.Gone here twice -- one time for lunch and the other time for dinner and both were amazing experiences. I know the wait can get super long (like an hour), but the two times I went, I only waited about 5-15 minutes max (came around 1 p.m. for lunch and 8 p.m. for dinner).So what I love about Bacchanal is the effort they put into the plating (especially the dessert) and that the food is made and tastes FRESH. Most buffets just leave the food sitting for a few hours, but the food at Bacchanal is prepared and made right in front of you. The selections are endless! From seafood to meat to Mexican to Asian, they have it all so you'll definitely find a few thing that you'll love here (tacos, AHHH). Not only do they put in effort when it comes to making and preparing the food, but they also put in effort when it comes to the decor.If you're gonna splurge in Vegas, definitely go to Bacchanal -- you will NOT be disappointed, I promise!
3	Bacchanal is pretty pricey and the food/selections are just okay. It's $50 per person, $10 more than wicked spoon but the only thing that sets Bacchanal apart is that it offers raw (albeit non-fresh) oysters. Pros:(+) Sweet potato tater tots: Best thing at the buffet, IMO. (+) Prime rib: pretty tender and flavorful. (+) Lamb(+) Macarons(+) Noodle soup station: they made me some pho that wasn't half bad.Cons:(-) Oysters: not fresh at all, mushy, and each oyster had bits of shell in them. Ugh. So annoying.(-) Crab legs: dry and not fresh either.(-) Sushi: spicy tuna was super dry and I would not trust any of that raw salmon.(-) Asian food: none of it tasted very good. (-) Chocolate covered strawberries: tasted good until I lifted my plate and saw TINY BUGS crawling all over it. Can't believe that would happen at a 'gourmet' buffet.
1	The Bacchanal Buffet has gone down hill. We had a group of 30 people come in for brunch on a Sunday. Problem? Yes. There was no brunch food. How can you call yourself a brunch and not have any breakfast food? No eggs, waffles, bacon, or pancakes. Don't get me wrong, I like burgers, but not at 10 am with a mimosas.  My suggestion is: if you are looking for a solid brunch buffett, if go elsewhere. Disappointing.
5	Bacchanal Buffet vs. Wicked Spoon @ Cosmopolitan. If this was a Vegas fight than it would be a KO in round . The champ is Bacchanal. I had the opportunity to dine at both buffets and my personal opinion is that Bacchanal is designed with the utmost attention to detail in its looks and culinary offerings. The aroma of food was fantastic and awakening to my senses. I made sure I came here on an empty stomach with a mean appetite, and it was well worth it.  The Buffet has an extravagant selection of food to choose from, and everything is presented very well. The selections are quite creative as well in contrast to most standard run-of-the-mill buffets. For $55/person, it's not the cheapest (i.e. Wicked Spoon). Nevertheless, the premium price for dinner was definitely worth the money to enjoy this amazing dining experience especially if you're a fan of seafood.
5	The rush hour at the seafood station is comparable to LA traffic. The very fast and upbeat music they play at the seafood station sorta helps get the line going.  It tests your patience to the maximum. You'll end up grabbing finger foods to keep yourself occupied (I grabbed an awesome basket of sweet potato totters) - definitely did not feel guilty munching in line because the guy in front of me was full on enjoying his delicious cut of lamb chop. At least I remember my sanitary rules and did not lick my fingers even though it was so finger-lickin-good. I also mastered the art of eating in line discretely. It was a very proud moment, felt like a kid who got away with eating cookies right before dinner.Everyone was so nice. From the nice lady who took our money as quick as Uncle Sam to the awesome chef who served us plates after plates of meat. I recall the gentleman in front of me who asked if he could have 3 lamb chops. The chef gave him the biggest smile and gave him 5! Now, that's excellent service. This place makes you feel very comfortable asking for a full rack of lamb or ribs. Only people who will make you feel uncomfortable will be the hungry humans behind you.I need the recipe for the delicious truffle scalloped potato they make here, it's so good. I will make you feel miserable and uncomfortable if you take all the fresh oysters and not leave me with at least 12 to grab. Blame it on LA traffic, the waiting game turns you into one of Disney's most celebrated villains, Maleficent.
5	Love love love this place! its soo HUGE. with all kinds of food ! Came here with a group of 6 ladies on a saturday lunch. The cost was an about like $46.99 something like that. It was champagne lunch thats why the price was so high. When we were being seated, we walked passed the meat section and the man, who was big and built, that was serving the meat saw me and my group and yelled "LADIES! WELCOME TO BUCCHANAL!" haha it was so EPIC and awesome hes voice sounded like those warrior type hahaha We were seated in the way back of the buffet with a big around table with plush tall yellow seats! so pretty!I feel like they EVERYTHING. The meat section from your choosing of sausage, ham, steak, etc, noodle soup station, dim dum, sushi rolls /nigiri/ sashimi, crab legs, cheese & bread, and so on you get the point!Desert is on point! Macaroons, gellato, cookies, cakes, cupcakes, you can make your own cookie ice cream sandwiches!Im going to vegas at the end of June and i am def coming here for lunch but on the weekdays when its a lil cheaper!
4	Like everyone has said. Best buffet on the strip. Service top notch. Yes it's pricey but you do get what you pay for. Excellent meat selection hell excellent selection of everything really. Most every review mentioned the peach green tea. So I thought I'd try that. It was very thirst Quenching..... I had 4 of them. They have steamed and cold crab. I prefer the steamed. It takes a while to get but worth the wait. I would send anyone I knew here to the bacchanal it's worth every penny. Enjoy
4	Well...originally when it opened it was $48, than $52 and now it's $62 per person! Is it worth it? Well it has crab legs, crab claws (although it was somewhat cracked it's still very difficult to open it to get the meat out). It has a array of meats and different options than your traditional vegas buffets. So if you're already in Vegas, why not splurge on a good meal you'll probably leave it at the tables anyway! Happy eating!
2	Bacchus was the god of wine and hedonism, and a bacchanal  was an over-the-top hedonistic experience; almost an orgy. So I expected a lavish, high quality buffet at the Bacchanal at Caesars...not so...instead, I found it to be overpriced, with so so food offerings! Go to Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan! Less expensive and far superior to what the Bacchanal has to offer.Loved the kiosk check-in and follow-up text to pay the cashier. A wise move on the part of Caesars and allows patrons to gamble or be otherwise occupied instead of waiting in line.After paying the cashier, we were ushered to the photo line...not sure why anyone would want their photo taken while waiting for the buffet, but ok...We tipped ahead of time, and our server commented on that, and thanked us. She was pleasant enough and very harried; looked like the restaurant was understaffed. We kept piling our dirty dishes on the side of the table, and it wasn't until we were on our dessert course that she started to pick up a few dishes. Again, really?The restaurant looks old and tired....the carpet and chairs are stained...definitely not what I'd expect from an expensive restaurant.We were seated near the seafood station, which made for great entertainment! There was a run on crab legs the entire time, with many patrons piling their plates high with crustacean limbs. I guess no one ever told them that they could go back as many times as they wanted...it was hilarious indeed to watch people juggling multiple plates of food...Now to the actual food offerings...The salad bar was ok, but nothing to write home about. I did enjoy the individually plated red and yellow beet salad. The overrated seafood station was exactly that...overrated. If you're not used to good food, then this will work for you. The ingredients were fine, but the overall experience was run of the mill; not what I'd expect from an expensive, highly rated establishment.The Asian and Mexican stations were predictable and ok. The pad thai and thai curry chicken were good. The refried beans were very flavorful but the street tacos were meh...The meat station was ok. I grabbed a bacchanal spud, expecting a loaded baked potato - sour cream and bacon. Well, it had shredded beef in it too...was not expecting that, and was not impressed.Dessert was nothing exciting either...I tried the blood orange sorbet so I could compare it to the one at Wicked Spoon. The Bacchanal version was overly sweet...the chocolate oreo mousse was ok.So don't waste your time here. For a richer dining experience, with quality food, an exquisite ambience, and top-notch service, go elsewhere...
2	Horrible Horrible Line!  Worse than Disneyland!  Food is great but after waiting for so long, who cares about the food.  If you're diabetic, you might pass out before you get seated and don't be fooled by your ticket time.  There's more waiting after that.  Go to M Resort instead!
1	Buyer beware!!  The "automated seating system queue" is not an automated system at all!  Plan to wait 1 1/2 hours past your wait time.  They do not cut off the line at any point, so you will continue to wait in the "to be seated" line after you pay.  This is absolutely ridiculous!  In addition, if you pay the $20 extra per person fee to be seated "immediately", you still have to wait in the 1 1/2 hour "to be seated" line.  What a joke!  They capture you at the hotel so that you have no option but to stay and wait it out.  Won't be back.
2	After considering high review, we thought to give it a try. The food were so-so. With the price of $52+tax: no lobster, limited selection of seafood (crab, mussel, shrimp),!salty Asian food, steaks, very good selection of dessert (gotta try Creme brulee). Drinks are served free, best is peach tea, then tropical drinks which were served in cute glass bottle. The ambience is great though. It makes you feel like dining at high end restaurant. All in all, i don't think it's worth it for seafood lovers.
1	We ate during dinner on May 19th. HORRIBLE food!!! I had some cocktail shrimp and oyster...I could not even eat it from the spoiling by the minute smell. I have had some great Oysters in Louisiana so I know how they should taste like. Then the dim sum...OH MY OH MY! The hacao was so mushy and the inside was powdery. The pad thai was dry. The only thing decent was the hummus, pita, and tabbouleh. The macaroons were decent as well as the cheese cake. My prime rib was alright but my husband got a slice that was very chewy. I would not pay more than $19 for this buffet. Go to Bellagio's Buffet instead. This place is not worth the money.
5	I've been here twice and this is probably my favorite Vegas buffet (Move over Wicked Spoon!!). Both times I came for lunch around 11am to avoid the long lines. Both times we got seated immediately and on our way out the line was probably an hour long! The variety they offer includes: Seafood, American, Pastas, Cheeses and Cured Meats, Mexican, Japanese, Chinese, and much more. My favorite items here are the Brisket and Prime Rib (both are cooked super tender and juicy), and Mussels and Oysters (fresh!), and their drinks (specially the Horchata). However, the star of the buffet is their dessert section! Tons of options for your sweet tooth from Creme Brulee, Gelato, Sorbets, Egg Tarts, Tiramisu, Crepe Station, and much much more!I even saw Metta World Peace here my last time! It is pricey, but worth it!
5	I'm sure you've heard it before and it's true, this is the BEST buffet in Vegas hands down! We come here EVERY time we're in Vegas or even just driving though.Yes its pricey but you get what you pay forYes the wait is sometimes long (I've actually never had to wait because our party is always over 8 and thats an automatic gratuity so they walk us right in) however, quality is worth the waitYes the service is top notch; one of my visits was on a Sunday for brunch which includes unlimited mimosas or champagne. Our server was so on point that she got me drunk and thats hard to do cuz i drink ALOT!!! Yes I will be back over and over again! No I don't have anything bad to say about Bacchanal :)
5	I love this place!!! MACARONS!! They have it only during dinner time and it actually taste good. This place is kind of like wooden spoon buffet, but better. The food is on little dishes as well. The food taste good though. There was so much food to pick him. I would have to say the crab leg was the best because i got mines hot right out of the pot. They have that option btw. the cold one is on the far left side and the hot one is towards the very end of the line. I will come back for sure.
4	One of the better buffets in vegas!I personally like this buffet more than the wynn, rio and its also on par with the bellagio buffet! The crab legs were amazing! The pho and ramen were also pretty  good! The pasta and the prime rib were also yummy! Even the tacos were pretty damn good! The desserts were okay in my opinion. We went for lunch so there were no macarons :( lame!
3	My first mistake was trying to eat here on Memorial day weekend. It was a mad house. The wait was 2.5 hours for dinner and it came at a hefty price $70 per person!Though once we got seated everything flow just like any other buffets. The food selection was plentiful. Everything tasted pretty good. My favorite part was the crepe station with made to order crepes.I'm not much of a buffet person so this was wasted on me really. I don't know about the best buffet in Vegas, that's hardly the truth.
5	So worth the money.  We ate for 3 hours it was so good and so many option's it was absolutely delicious no matter what you had and the service was superior.
5	We know why this place is rated so high. Hands down the best buffet joint in LV. Wicked Spoon and Belagio you are going to have to step up the game. Cool check in process that you enter your name and phone number on the kiosk and then will text message you to come pay when eating time gets close. This way you can wander around or play a couple hands. Trust me when I say it's better than standing around in a line like cattle. Great selection of fresh seafood, meats and the dessert section is sweet! You'll have to see for yourselves all the food this place has to offer and the service we recieved was just over and beyond. Modern decor and a nice layout for you to move around. The only problem we had was trying to get our $50 worth. Going price for a top buffet joint on the strip but well worth the experience.
5	Fat kid heaven!!! So many choices it is overwhelming. My suggestion is to first do a full walk through to peruse all your options before committing to anything.Heard that they have a 24 hour pass you can purchase for something like $50 which is totally worth it! I'd probably start with dinner and then let it lap over into the next day trying to fit in as many meals as possible :). Oysters were fresh and delicious! And don't make the same mistake I did and fill up on fresh juice!
3	As a buffet regular, there are many parts that need to be rated for this type of dining. If rating were just on food, Ceasars would rate 5*,large selection, very good quality of many items for a buffet  So here's the rest of the story, Price is high. Cleanliness is good. Servers poor, there are few good ones, being generous you have a one in four chance of getting a good server, the other 3 have poor attitudes and ignore their tables,. Their rating would be 1.5, Cashiers poor, similar don't care attitude, rate them similar1.5. Management policy says all in your party must be present before anyone can be seated. It's a shame that such minor changes would make this a first class operation.
3	As with any buffet, things are hit and miss, and consistency is always an issue. Bacchanal, with its pricey $60ish dinner price per person, is no exception. The wait was also around an hour long for 3 people, and we came around 5-6pm.At first glance, I was really excited. Really deceptively huge space, lots of options, focus on more composed small plates. You even get cute rubber finger holders to hold the hot plates.Pros:- Crab legs. The snow crab legs were really sweet and the way it's cut up allows for really easy eating. You can eat them either cold or hot.- Mexican. Really surprised. The pozole was delicious. They do tacos (carne asada, pollo, and carnitas) to order on the plancha, and were smaller but delicious. Toppings include onions, salsa, and guac.- Dessert. I was really impressed. Lot of options. There was a thai iced tea ice cream, red velvet yuzu whoopie pie, a platter of French macarons (though textural consistency issues were all across the board from soft to hard)- The brisket was pretty good.Cons:- Asian food. The Chinese section had dim sum and some rice, noodles, and meat dishes. The shrimp dumpling skins were too thick, the stir fry chicken dish I tried a little of was inedible. The chicken had just been sitting out there under the heat lamps and turned into hard bricks. The Japanese food didn't have much either. The only decent thing was the noodle soup section.- The mussels and oysters seemed quite dry and not fresh. It had a fishy smell and taste so that put me off.
4	This is by far the best buffet in Las Vegas and I have tried a lot of them. I only wish I could eat more at one time so that I could try more of their dishes. I haven't yet started bringing a ziplock bag with me in my giant purse to take home food for later, which I have seen some older ladies do at some local buffets. I really liked the potato truffle dish, the selection of cheeses and cold meats (prosciutto, salamis, etc.), and the various cake pops they had for dessert. My husband focused on the large selection of seafood and Asian dishes. He especially liked the shrimp risotto. He even ate two bowls of it. He said the flavor and texture were spot on. The quality of the food was excellent. You get what you pay for, but the price is about the same as what you would pay for the buffet at M Resort, Studio B. You get a better bang for your buck at Bacchanal.
1	Disappearing Selection - was not impressed on second go around.
5	Oh My Smorgy Heaven! There is soooo much fooooood here! All of it, every single bit was perfection! I was happily ashamed and disgusted with myself after eating myself silly. There really is something here for everyone. I am trying to think of a diet that couldn't be humored at Bacchanal and I'm not coming up with any.So it is expensive and you have to make a reservation at the kiosky thing. The day that I went, my party didn't think to call ahead and we were so sad to be told it was at least two hours wait...unless we paid an extra $20. I will admit, we paid it. It was worth it to get in right away and not mess up our whole day waiting around or skipping an epic-sized meal. I will be back, oh yes. I will be back.
2	Are you kidding me??????? $62.99 for a buffet!!!!! Enough said....The buffet was wonderful, but not worth $69.99 a person.  Raising rates for Memorial day is shameful!! There are a lot of active and retired military families in Las Vegas.  Seems a bit harsh Caesar's
4	I heard this was the best buffet in Vegas so I had to check it out. I took a ticket for my party and came back when they called us 15 minutes later. The wait was not long at all.There's a lot of food here but not everything was quality.  Looks are deceiving. I tasted a lot of the Asian food items and they were either bland or way too salty.All I ate was king crab legs & oysters and that was worth the brunch price. These babies are normally expensive.After being a little hung over, the pho there was magical and soothed my body and soul. lol They have a ton of desserts. I liked the green tea creme brulee, red bean & thai ice tea gelato the best. I would come back for the same things again.
4	Is this place better than Wicked Spoon? Probably.  But would I come back, probably not.  We came on a Tuesday night at 8:30pm and yes it took an hour.. just to enter.  The only time you should wait that long for food, is if they are handing it out for free. People talk about great service, ours was craptastic to say the least.  I always believed you shouldn't pay gratuity up front, so that your waiter would be more inclined to work for their tip.  Having no cash for a tip after, I decided to leave an up front 20% tip ($20) to our server.  And sure enough we ended up with one, whose only responsibility mind you is to clear plates and make sure your drinks are full, who loved to disappear for 15 minutes at a time.  On one instance, my gf made eye contact with her and waved to her to come, she completely ignored her and walked away.  ??????  This may have been an anomale since it was my first time, but the 5 times I've been to Wicked Spoon, i've experienced above average service.  Other than that.  The only disappointment, was that there was no bone marrow which is the only reason I would go to Wicked Spoon over this place, well plus it usually takes less than 10 minutes to be seated.The Oysters were good, crab legs were salty from preservatives. theres was this white saucy shooter with salmon that was awesome. Brisket was salty. dolmades good.  tabouli was meh, wicked spoon's waaay better.  asian section here WAY better than wicked.  salad bar not so  much. menudo had NO tripe, wth.  deserts were real good, I would say tied with wicked.Again at $51 per person, a bad first experience with our server and an hour+ wait time, i'd just go to Wicked Spoon if I really want to eat a buffet.  The selection here is BETTER don't get me wrong, but seriously, that wait time just to eat... PS:  right before you enter, there are two lines that go left and right.  THERE WAS NO SIGN to direct large parties to the right and smaller parties to the left.  My gf and I went right, and about halfway in, some lady with a camera tells us we were in the long line, which extended our wait time by another 10 minutes.  At $51 per person, you would think they would have enough money to make a sign.
3	Not worth the $53.99 on a sat night. I mean if there's gonna be a price hike on the weekend then at least complement it with higher quality food. I really didn't see anything that would have justified the price. There was no lobster, rib eye, foie gras, or brontosaurus. It was said they had King crab, but what they actually had was a blend of snow crab and small king crab legs that were the same size as the snow crabs. They did have some miso glazed seabass which saved them from a 2 star rating. The best part of the buffet was their dessert bar. They had frozen mochi, macarons, cake pops, chocolate dipped strawberries, gelato, and great toppings for ice cream. Presentation of all these were very exquisite.Although the dessert was awesome, it isn't what I would pay $54 for. You would think for the 2hr wait and another hr to get seated, it would be life changing but it's far from. You still see the Chinese food, corn on the cob, pizza, tacos, and other ordinary offerings you'd see at Hometown Buffet. If you want to experience this place, I'd suggest coming on a non-fri or sat night.
5	If you're in Las Vegas, you must check out this buffet. It's the B-O-M-B. Pricey, but worth it. It's over $50 bucks per person during dinner. Arrive early or grab a reservation ticket in advance to avoid the long wait. Like any other Asian, I love crab legs at a buffet. It's the best way to get my money's worth. Having said that, I hate how most Vegas buffets slice the crab legs down the middle. It actually makes it harder to get the meat for us crab enthuiast. At least they warm the legs up in boiling water prior to serving, which can be requested at the Italian section. Jumbo chilled shrimp? Yes!This place even serves pho, which is actually not too bad for a buffet. It's not OMG amazing, but it's excusable. Try it out yourself and you'll know what I mean.You'll hate yourself if you're seated next to the dessert section. It's that good. They have unlimited mochi ice cream. Yes, unlimited. No joke. Not as many flavors as last time, but I'm not complaining. I was content with the green tea and vanilla options.Check this place out. I recommend it. Although I was not as excited coming here my second time, the buffet is still hands down a great eat.
4	This place is amazing. They have everything you could think about wanting to eat. The hard part is restraining yourself. Come with plans to stay awhile. Some of the best items are made to order so keep that in mind as well. The price is very steep for the vegetarian crowd. At 68 bucks it's really not worth it, but when you're in Vegas and you have to buffet I would definitely come here. The service is top notch as well.
5	i'm not sure how you can find out the prices without calling caesars palace. we paid $54.99 each for a non-holiday sunday dinner. lots of vegetarian options. crab legs were adequately defrosted. nigiri and roll sushi were passable--excellent by buffet standards. i think this has surpassed the wicked spoon in terms of the best vegas buffet, with bellagio and wynn close behind.highlights:mushroom polentabeet salad...ok, hard to go wrong with this onemochi ice cream...dittodo it yourself congee, with all the toppings...dried pickled radish, 1000 year egg, fried garlic, wonton strips, green onions...the whole shebang! for those who care, the carving station included:individual lamb chops in a sweet marinadeprime ribbrisketchicken sausageanother type of sausagebathroom was outside and fairly small--this was annoying.
5	I was very impressed with the buffet. They offered warm crab legs that are split in half so this I definitely a plus. Their sushi and dim sum was really good I had so many dumplings! The have a good variety of meat selections, ranging from prime rib, to chicken and sausage. The oysters were also very good and bigger than at other buffets. You get what you pay for and this is defiantly worth it. Dinner is about $60 a person but you will definitely be happy when you are done
4	Since opening 2-3 years ago, Bacchanal Buffet inside Caesars Palace has become the premier buffet location in Las Vegas, and it is definitely my first choice!!I am pretty sure Bacchanal Buffet has won "Best Buffet in Las Vegas" each of the past 2-3 years, and it is for good reason. Caesars spent over $17 million renovating and decorating the space for Bacchanal, and it looks absolutely gorgeous inside. The presentation is spot-on, and even the tables, chairs, and surrounding decorations are very impressive. But who goes to a buffet to see nice chairs? Not many people, so let's talk about the food.First of all, I recommend going for dinner, but come early, because the line can get pretty gnarly. Even though it's $54.99 per person, it is well worth it! There are a few key items that you MUST get: 1) Alaskan king crab legs (and get them steamed), 2) freshly shucked oysters, 3) peeled tiger shrimp, 4) ribeye lollipop, 5) lamb chops, 6) fresh-made tacos, and 7) chocolate-infused souflee. These 7 are the MUST try's if you are a first time visitor.They also have a wide assortment of great Asian, Italian, Mexican, BBQ, and seafood dishes, and the largest dessert spread you will probably see in your entire life, unless you are royalty in a foreign country. The food is very well-prepared, and made extremely fresh. They are served in/on very modern dish ware, as well, adding to the impressive presentation.My only complaints are the following:1) The line can be over 90 mins long, which is a little ridiculous for a buffet. I've seen people leave just because of the line. It doesn't create the best experience, but it's tough to justify that wait when you can go elsewhere.2) The price is $54.99 for dinner, which is rather steep. This is a once-in-a-while splurging type of experience. It isn't an everyday "where do we go for dinner tonight?" type of place.3) The waiter/waitress service isn't that great. Each waiter/waitress takes care of so many tables, and it takes forever to get drinks and to get the tables cleared of old plates, etc.In any case, we will be back to Bacchanal next time we are in Vegas. Super miss those crab legs, oysters, ribeye lollipop and lamb chops. This is no ordinary buffet - I guarantee you'll love it!
5	The best buffet I've been to, anywhere and everywhere. High-class super premium quality in both food and presentation. Love the oysters and peeled jumbo shrimp. The fresh Mexican juices/drinks was a nice surprise -- especially the Horchata and Tamarind. Cold and warm steamed crab legs, Chinese including Peking duck, and an authentic Italian offering (with cheeses and salami) round out an internationally eclectic menu that seems to have been designed for a top notch non-buffet restaurant.  Amazing dessert selection. Fast efficient service, including self-pay kiosks while waiting in line. I highly recommend this place -- pay the extra $10-$20 and enjoy a truly one-of-a-kind buffet! A+ 5 stars ******
5	Bacchanal- rated #1 buffet of Las Vegas. We decided to try it on the first day first meal of our weekend trip to LV. Found out no oyster for lunch. We waited 3 hrs to get in for dinner with oyster. Luckily. We went in at 2:30 ish and paid for lunch price but getting dinner dishes right by 3 o'clock. The selection wasn't that versatile. But mostly high quality stuff. So other than what you can get at every buffet, I mainly ate a bunch of cold crab legs, cooked crab legs and whole lot of oysters. The oysters are huge and fresh. After all the seafood and sweets, it is totally worth the money even for a girl like me who can't eat that much. Last but not least, we got there sat afternoon, no line no wait!!!!P. S. The bf was surprised not only the standard prime rib but the smoked brisket. I Donno what's the big deal about the brisket but he was impressed. Another note. Be prepare for five hours of food coma!!!!!!!!
5	Hands down the best buffet I've ever eaten at! I pretty much died & went to food heaven.It's a bit pricey, $50 per person for dinner, but it's so worth it! (At least for the amount of food I ate, anyway).You could taste the freshness of the seafood. I felt that they had a huge selection within each area of food that they had. Their selection of food ranged from American, Mexican, Italian, & Asian. I felt like the ethnic food they offered was pretty much authentic tasting. It didn't taste 'Americanized' if that makes sense. I don't know what else to say about the food except that I pretty much tried every dish that they offered & I loved each & every one of them!The desserts were really good too! Loved that they had a gelato bar. & the best part was they had green tea cookies the night I went. Not only were they green tea cookies, but they were red bean-filled green tea cookies!!I can't wait to come back!
4	I hate buffets, but I had heard so many good things about Bacchanal I said I'll give it a whirl for breakfast ($28/each).  We had:Freshly squeezed juices like carrot and cucumberSmoked salmon & cold shrimpSteak & eggBiscuits and gravy, sausage and cheesy totsFried chicken and wafflesSorbets:  Thai tea; fig & balsamic; mango chile lime; and blood orangeThere were also your basic fare of eggs, bacon, hash browns, waffles, and an extensive array of desserts.The juices were excellent and full of flavor.  I had four:  5 Stars.  In addition, the salmon and shrimp were fresher compared most buffets:  4 Stars.  Unfortunately, the hot dishes disappointed.  They were not warm.  In addition, the biscuits were not that moist, the sausage in the gravy was not crumbled well, and there wasn't enough pepper:  2 Stars.On the other hand, the sorbets were really good and flavorful, with the mango chile lime being my favorite.  You could really taste the chile:  5+++'Stars for the latter flavor.  The woman who served me was from Puerto Rico, and we struck up a conversation in Spanish which was cool.The remainder of the service was spotty.  Although there were many open tables, it took a while to be seated.  The group in front of me thought the same.  Additionally, we had to ask for water, and our glasses were not refilled.  Lastly, we told one server that we were going to the restroom.  However, when we returned, someone had cleared our table:  2 Stars.I would come back here for breakfast.  However, I would not come back for dinner ($55), and wait an hour or more.  There are far better things to do in Vegas, than wait in a buffet line.
5	WOW!!!! That's all i can say. Im a big guy 6ft 305lbs so obviously i love to eat, and this buffet is hands down the best in town for selection and quality. It is a little on the pricey end but for what you pay if you can eat that much its well worth it. Multiple kinds of meat from steak,chicken,pork,sausage and many many more all ready to cut and serve. When i went i did not eat the whole day before going and def got my money's worth. I would recommend this if you are really and hungry and want to enjoy an array of good quality foods.
5	Awesome buffet. 3 years ago I saw a few signs that said Spices Buffet at planet hollywood was voted the best. So we tried it and it sucked. Then 2 years ago I saw signs that said Bacchanal buffet was voted the best. But was hesitant because I was lied to before with the Spices Buffet.  This year I see they're still ranked at #1 so decided to try it. IT WAS AWESOME!!!I had about 8 glasses of different juices. Strawberry, Guava, Jamaican, and mango! The food is very good also. The buffet is well organized. you have to check in at the terminal and they let you know what time to come back.  We went on a thursday around 8:30pm and had to come back at 8:50.  It was pretty crowded. After that it only took about 5 mins to be seated.
5	The only buffet in Las Vegas that is worth the hype! Delicious, fresh and authentic cuisines from all around the world.  If you love Italian charcuterie, you will be in heaven, and this from a girl who normally prefers bread above all things! Fabulous service, but do yourself a favor and stop by the kiosk to get a seating time at least 2 hours before you think you'll be ready to eat, they'll text you when your seat is ready (or you can just show up at the appointed time).
4	Amazing, high quality buffet! Definitely recommend you try the tacos which are prepared fresh to order. Service could have been a little better in terms of refills and condiments.
5	The best buffet in Vegas so far,  get the ticket at 5:00, just wait 10 min, you can get call to pay for dinner.The food inside has variety choice and dish are just delicious, each portion is small that you don't need to worry that waste the extra food.The crab leg was cut well, you can enjoy it easily, the oyster is fresh and sweet.The dessert taste great, especially their Macaron, very chewy.We will definitely come back if the rate still good next time.
4	Had lunch here on a Friday and in terms of buffet food, the food here was pretty darn good. Started out with a seafood plate of king crab legs, shrimp, and oysters. The crab was my favorite--the meat was sweet and delicious!Then moved onto a charcuterie plate that was decent but nothing to write home about. Next got some congee at the asian food station. Grandma would have berated me (such cheap food! Waste of stomach space!), but it was so good. Then came the tacos--get the pork. Then a return to the king crab legs and some more shrimp cocktail.Finally some truffle mushroom soup (so surprisingly delicious!) and this amazing parmesan cheesy cracker crisp thing...noms. Oh and I'm not really one for sweets but the green tea creme brulee was on point. Overall, lots of options for everyone. The boy got lots of the meats--wagyu beef sliders and prime rib cuts. Those were also pretty dece. Quality isnt as good as you can get at some restaurants but it's certainly the best quality I've ever had at a buffet.
1	I never eat at buffets  but when I do....  I'm highly disappointed and disgusted . So much variety,  yet not one delicious dish.  I love quality,  I guess I will have to be content with quantity.  But I won't,  I refuse to conform to the masses.The wait time here for dinner after 3pm ranges from hour and a half to three hours.  You get a ticket stamped with a time to come back at.  Once you're in,  you are seated and then you can join the frenzy of other dinners trying to grab the "best of the buffet".  The best probably being the crab legs and oysters. Or the California rolls (they call it sushi) or a mosh posh of pasta , Mexican ground beef hard shell tacos,  Chinese chop suey or overly mayo clams.  U pick your poison. When everything is said and done or half eaten you're left with a full belly of despair and dissatisfaction.  Next time family or friends come in from out of town,  they're on their own if the suggest we eat at a buffet.
3	Starting to go downhill.2nd visit in May 2014, one of the hosts was really rude to us.  As was one of the cooks at the meat carving station.3rd visit in June 2014 someone needs to regulate the lines.  and the food wasn't as good.  the meat was terrible.  brisket seasoning was subpar.  and the prime rib was really dry.Pho, Tacos, Sliders, Crab Legs, Beef Chow Fun were all good.
5	Absolute best buffet I have EVER been to. Rated number 1 for a reason. I went here with my parents on Friday night around 7 pm and we only had to wait in line 15 minutes. Yes, it's a very pricey buffet, but everything in Vegas is expensive. A bottle of water can be $3 there! I've been to many buffets in Vegas and they don't come close to this one. Plus, I'm a very picky eater (unfortunately), but there was so much food that I loved. They have brisket, prime rib, sushi, fried rice, crab legs, shrimp, baked potatoes, lots of bread, deli meats and cheeses, made to order tacos, Mexican rice, salad bar, grilled veggies, and SO MUCH MORE! The dessert selection is just beyond amazing. I've never seen so much dessert in my life. I wish I could've tried it all. I did try the coconut macaroon, ice cream, cheesecake, and chocolate covered strawberries. All very delicious, but I must say, the strawberries were my favorite. GO TO THIS BUFFET! It's worth every penny!!!!
5	I have gone to a lot of the Buffets in Las Vegas and this one blew my mind. Excellent choices, great quality and above all, excellent flavor. I went during the Memorial Day Weekend with family and friends and although it is expensive, I can understand why. They had so many choices for everyone that at first I was overwhelmed. There are alternatives for the big eater, the vegan/vegetarian and the diet conscious. The food is cooked at each station in from of you so you know it is fresh. The seafood station was incredibly good. Also impressive was the Steak/BBQ station. They have also Mexican, Italian, Asian and Greek stations. There is also a soup station. The dessert area is also impressive with lots of high quality choices. Overall, it was an excellent experience. Highly recommended.
5	Came on a Thursday night around 8:00 pm.  Probably waited less than 20 minutes.  Compared to how much food costs in Vegas in general I think Bachannal is a excellent deal.  The crab legs and shrimp cocktail were really good.  The oysters on the other hand were pretty bland.  i really liked the wagyu beef slider but it does fill you up.  Also there was a polento thing with truffles which was crazy good.After eating here,  I was really glad i didn't buy the Buffet of buffets.. i could not imagine eating anything else for at least 24 hours.
3	After reading USA Today's review ( http://www.usatoday.com/experience/las-vegas/best-of-vegas/vegas-buffets-five-to-find/1991653/) that this was the best buffet in Vegas,  I decided to give it a shot.   The review deemed this place unique,  but I would not totally agree.   The venue is beautiful,  and not your typical "stuff your face fatty" environment.   It's nicely finished,  and gives you the feel like you are in a bubble.   That's really where the uniqueness ends.   Service is par for any buffet, so don't expect anything better than the service you get at an Old Country Buffet.   The staff was friendly though,  but it would have been a huge WOW factor if they knew our names,  even a first name woukd have WOW'd me.   The food selection is nothing all that special.   I really expecter a better quality and variety than what was there.   Don't get me wrong,  the glutny of US culture is well represented and the sorority girl types will have to pull the trigger a few times if they want to try everything that fancies them,  but it didn't meet my WOW expectation.   I expected more seafood, meats,  and non typical buffet foods.   When you dedicate 10% of you buffet to pizzas that are not all that great,  then you lose me. Suggestions:1.)  You can really up the service here to get an edge.   2.)  Go less typical pizza and be inventive.   Have some deep dish pizza,  goat cheese,  and other unique stuff.  3.)  The Chinese food is insulting,  and is really just Chinese-American take out.   How about authentic Chinese food? 4.)  Seafood was below par,  and Atlantic City's Borgota has you beat hands down.   Yes Atlantic City!  I hope I woke you up on this one.   How about some Lobster meat for $60?  Compliments 1.) Loved,  loved,  loved the brisket!   This is some of the best brisket meat a I have ever had!   It's easily in the top 5,  and probably top 2.  Can I get that recipe? 2.)  Dessert bar was awesome... You can't go wrong with any selection.   Great unique style and different flavors (i.e.  Green tea creme brullette).   In the end,  I don't see what makes this the best buffet in Vegas when compared to other buffets across the country I have been too.   If this is really the best,  then I probably won't try others (realize that I am writing this while eating breakfast at the Wicked Spoon Buffet).
4	Downgraded to a solid 4. Wynn and Cosmo outdo here now. They ran out of King crab, so they served whatever was left from day before an blended in a very few pieces with the snow crab to fool the customer (doesnt work) and then they ran out completely. This was for Sunday brunch early morning.
3	Decided to try this place out since Wicked Spoon has always been the go-to spot.Wrong decision but at least now I know. The decor is really nice. I like the comfy chairs. Service: hm..my water stayed empty til the end. Food: average for the price of $44 for brunch. No real stand-out dishes. The hargow was terrible. So fake. The sweet buns were good. I love bacon so the breakfast area with bacon was cool. Hashbrowns were tasty. Sushi was sushi, not bad. Mac n cheese shouldn't get messed up, but they did, not that flavorful. I think my fave dish was the au gratin potatoes, it tasted like there was truffle cheese. I don't know because there was no label. I was expecting more macarons too but no luck. Dessert was sub-par.It was an experience... I'll stick to Wicked Spoon next time.
5	I got in right away since my party was already inside but they waited less than 20 min on a Friday night, maybe it was a slow weekend.  I went straight for steamed king crab legs.  I believe this is the only buffet that serves steamed king crab legs?  Let me tell you, I won't be eating refrigerated cold crab meat ever again in Vegas.  It's ridiculously delicious when warm and dip it in butter.  Too bad they only serve you one plate at a time!  After many plates of crab legs, got a plate of oysters.  They were pretty good, they could have done a better job cleaning/rinsing so they won't be so gritty.  To finish my meal, got a plate or two of prime rib with au jus, I thought it was little too salty for my taste but good none the less.  I didn't try every single thing they offered since I was too busy filling myself with crab meat.  I got my money's worth just from king crab legs.  Yum!
4	Buffet of all buffetsIve tried a lot of buffets in vegas, but no one ends up giving this experience. The food is high quality combined with a personal touch from every chief behind the counter. Since buffets are a mandatory "Vegas thing" u might as well try this one to get the best. Pricing is a bit steep and they are slowly raising it, but i would say its def. worth it. Go there a weekday before 6:30 to dodge the line or end up waiting for an hour or two. Weekends are crazy and you should try be there before 5:45 to just stroll in, and watch the line explode behind you.This one is also included in CET 24h buffet pass, but its only available for a additional fee.Remember that you dont have to go big on a buffet. Go there early, enjoy the food and experience a good buffet without value seeking cravers!
2	I went to the Bacchanal Buffet this past Friday night. It was NG. I really do not think it is worth what I paid. My husband and I have heard how great the buffet was. We were excited about going to try it because they claim they are the best buffet in Vegas. We paid $116.73 for two. Alcohol is an additional charge. We had two glasses of white wine for $18 including the tip. The total bill was about $135 for two people.I saw a dirty, disgusting spot on the chair when the host seated me. They switched the chair for me when I pointed out the problem to them. However, they simply swapped it with a chair from another table.The food selection was low. There was an Asian section. Chinese dishes were typical cheap American Chinese food. Crab was soaked in a heavy soy sauce starch gravy.  There was a couple of dim sum. The fillings of those dishes were not fresh, skin was on the thick side. On top of that, they really did not taste that good. Japanese food included a few typical rolls and they were mediocre at best. My husband tried the pizza, he said it was all right. If you like cheese, you will not find any good ones here. The selection was poor, and they were old and cheap. I tried yellow cheddar, white cheddar and Brie, and that was pretty much all they had. Italian assuage was OK. Sea bass was terrible. They were cold and old. Crab legs has nothing special to mention. Dessert was just OK. I have had better ones somewhere else. I am disappointed about them. They said the buffet included soft drinks, but that does not include latte. I chose the coffee at the end of the meal. It was not that good at all. I believe it was cheap coffee. Overall, I believe they have cut corners. The ingredients are on the cheap side. Believe me, there is no such thing as dishes made to order on the spot. It turned out to be false talk that they have been putting in people's ear. I truly regret going there. I ended up eating some cheap (at a high price) food that I normally do not eat. My definition for this buffet is "cheap" ingredients + American cooking techniques + fancy name ( I am looking at you BACCHANAL) = TV dinner in Caesars Palace . I HATE IT. If you do not believe me, please go find out by yourself. if you need any advice where to eat in Vegas (and it probably won't cost as much as Bacchanal Buffet) you should try "Joe's Stone Crab" at Cesars, "Social House" for Japanese food in Crystal and "Sushi Roku" in Caesars (with a great strip view) is good to me, along with Mon Ami Gabi in Paris.
5	They deserve to be called the best buffet in vegas. Probably the only buffet that I consider to be worth the last penny! We came on a Saturday which is typically champagne brunch so a little pricey at $45/person. Nevertheless, my take is still way cheaper compared to going to a fancy steakhouse. The carving section had prime rib, beef brisket and hot links, and were all a hit. They also have a full-on mexican section, which I find unusual but the tacos and guac were spot on.  Great for kids because they have pizza, mac and cheese, and french fries, and they are not fast food quality. The desserts are phenomenal! Especially the caramel flan, green tea creme brulee and gelato. Since it's champagne brunch they serve champagne or mimosa but you could also get regular juices or soda. The servers are fast and friendly.  This buffet is quite a handul folks and there are too much postives about it.  The only negative I could think of is the big line and long wait (average 1 hour), but still not a deal breaker for me.
5	8 trips to Vegas, and I finally make it to Bacchanal, and it was just about everything I hoped for. The price is steep, with lunch prices comparable to other well regarded Vegas buffets' dinner prices ($34.99 + tax/tip for lunch), but even so I would come back here every time and not think twice.  As per usual, I came about 15 minutes before the dinner switch over (no line on a weekday afternoon), and got to try the best of both worlds at lunch pricing.  Highlights:  The brisket, goodness, was the best brisket I have ever had.  I have yet to visit Austin, so I reserve the right to retract this, but it was the perfect combination of tenderness, smoke and seasoning.  Pad thai was also really delicious, and incredibly spicy, which I like.  Other fantastic offerings include wagyu beef sliders, peking duck, sweet potato and truffle tater tots, and rack of lamb.  In fact, a combination of all of the above would probably make my last meal if I face the electric chair.  The desserts were quite varied, from made-to-order ice cream sandwiches, cake pops, green tea creme brulee, crepes, shaved ice and every cake-y dessert imaginable, although I'm not sure anything was super memorable.All in all, absolutely the best buffet I've tried in Vegas.  For comparison, I went to Bellagio's weekend dinner the following afternoon and it didn't hold a candle.  I make the cross-country flight to Vegas almost annually, and the chance to relive Bacchanal is one of the few things that entice me to keep the streak going.
3	I would recommend this buffet to those with an expensive palate. It is usually 50 dollars but because it was memorial day weekend it cost 70. Was it worth it? Yes and no. They use premium ingredients. The seafood bar had lobster claws, the burgers were made from kobe beef and the crab legs are sliced in half which means NO FIGHTING WITH YOUR FOOD. When you take all that into consideration you can easily eat your money's worth. The buffets is separated by different regions Italy, Mexico, etc.  They had some amazing Mexican soup with tripe and some other odd bist of the animal but it was flavourful. They have an actual pho station, fresh sushi, gourmet meats balls. Whatever you want it is hear. I still wouldn't say it was the best buffet I've ever been to because there was nothing that really stood out to me that I craved after I left. I just loved the fact that they offered things a usual buffet wouldn't offer. You can tell that every station but effort and into their food and it was not rushed. The wait times are absolutely ridiculous (3+ hours) and the customer service was POOR they man who took our payment was not that pleasant and our waitress was nowhere to be found. We had to practically beg her to take our plates because she NEVER did it without a reminder. If this buffet was usually 70 dollars I would not recommend it. For 50 sure but it's a onetime thing. I wouldn't come back. I saw that they had shaved ice cream unfortunately by the time I was ready for dessert they has already started closing the dessert station.P.S THE WASTED FOOD AT THE END OF THE NIGHT GETS DONATED TO PIGS..not even people lmao
3	Decided to try Bacchanal due to all the hype about it being the "best buffet" in vegas. Definitely not the case to me. As others have stated, Bacchanal really didn't 'wow' me. Seafood was decently fresh, there was a noodle stand, meat was not impressive and very much a let down, sushi was distasteful, but the deserts were great.     I don't know how long the seafood was sitting out for, but the shrimp's texture wasn't very good. Otherwise the crab legs and oysters were fine, pretty standard. The meat was a big let down for me. The lamb was extremely dry, and definitely not seasoned enough, same goes for the prime rib. Simply no flavor which is unacceptable.      Desserts on the other hand were great, lots of variety, the pandan tiramisu definitely took me by surprise, and their gelato wasn't bad either.      Overall this experience was definitely not worth the dinner price of ~$55, I would most likely go back to Wicked Spoon instead, where food was unique, consistent and fresh.
4	After having been there half a dozen times more since their opening, I feel an update is warranted. I had to dock a star because I feel their quality & offerings have gone down enough. Albeit still a great buffet, Bacchanal has already started cutting back. A few worth mentioning are the Tomahawk 30 day aged prime rib eye is only offered after a certain time for dinner. A wide variety of mochi ice creams were added to the dessert station about a year ago that I absolutely loved. But now it's been cut back to a couple selections & cookie gelato sandwiches were added.On the plus side, there doesn't seem to be massively overloaded lines anymore.
4	It's the Mercedes Benz (AMG edition) of buffets. Gee golly bob did I leave full! My group came at 8:15 am and didn't have to wait in line. I repeat. NO LINE on a Sunday morning. Go figure- everyone else was probably happily sleeping in after their night of raunchy debauchery. I'm not judging because I was there once. This trip however was more food focused!For $50 ($40.99 but ball parked to $50 after tax and tip) you get bottomless mimosas or champagne with your meal. The hostess gives you little finger protectors so that you can pick up all the hot plates without scorching a finger or two. They were adorned with the "Bacchanal" logo so I took mine home as a memento :)The decor is fabulous. My favorite thing being the chandelier made out of wine glasses.The food was.... Money. From the prime rib to the crab legs, fancy salads, delectable Asian dishes, fried chicken and dessert items. I mean, seriously? If you're picky you are bound to find something to wet your whistle. Even the sushi was pretty g-double-o-d GoooOd.The things that kept me from a 5 star review (minimal, but hey- it's my review buddy!) were inconsistencies. All agreed that the croissant on the ham and cheese sammy was better than the stand alone version. More buttery and crisp! How can that be? Dunno.The crab bene (or was it lobster) lacked it's featured protein and turned cold once I got back to my table. This occurred with a lot of the hot breakfasty items so I skipped them after my first plate.There are way too many choices on the Vegas strip, but try Bacchanal at least once just so you can say you've had it!
5	Hands down has the most choices and variety of dishes and dessert ive ever seen. I suggest not eating for the whole day to prepare lol. lunch price is a lot cheaper, i think something around 35 dollars compared to dinner 55? They have a lot of seafood for the seafood lovers, and tons of meat selections, prime rib, lamb, pork/beef ribs. Skip the carbs though, itll make you full fast. Desserts are plentiful, tons of sorbet flavors and the list goes on. note, those little things they hand you at the beggining are for picking up hot plates.
5	This is the best buffet in Las Vegas. For years I have thought it was the one at Rio, but that's simply because I had yet to try this one. I always thought it was too expensive to pay upwards of $30 for a buffet, but I went for the breakfast and it was cheaper for that option, so I bit the bullet. They have all the staples of a breakfast buffet like eggs, bacon, and sausage. But where they really set a new high bar is in the rare choice selection they offer. This is the first buffet I've seen with a whole section devoted to cheese. They also had a juice bar with the type of juices you see at a Robeks or Jamba Juice. Then there was the dessert section that was impressive like none other. Since I am diabetic, the sugar-free section was a welcome sight. There was at least 10 different options of that variety. I sampled three of them and didn't want to hurl like I normally do with sugar-free fare.The service staff was also really nice. I got multiple refills on my Diet Coke and never had to wait too long. Me and my girlfriend were also seated in an intimate corner which felt like a private dining area because of the comfortably clothed chairs with arm rests which differed from the wooden chairs in the main dining area.I have a feeling this will be the only buffet I eat at in Las Vegas ever again.
4	This buffet was highly recommended to me as the best buffet in Vegas. I did the Spice Market Buffet the night before so this was definitely a big step up.The service was great and the line moved fast. They do a cheesy buffet photo that they try to sell you later for $25. I think this really downgrades the experience. The highlights for me were the hot and cold crab stations, custom made taco station and asian noodle soup station. The dessert station has chocolate covered strawberries and macaroons, which I thought was very unique. They also had delicious juices and drinks at the Mexican station. Overall, I think this is something everyone should experience once if you can. It's very expensive at $50 per person base + tax + tip, which makes it $65 per person (if you are Canadian the exchange makes it over $70 each, which could be a nice meal somewhere else). If you eat a lot, you can get your monies worth. However, I'm sure the majority of people don't so it's mostly for the experience.
5	Ok well... I absolutely love this place and this will be my to-go place every time I go to Vegas because it was worth every penny for me. It costed me $55 on a weeknight and was a little heartbroken until I saw the place and food. The buffet area is very big. It made me so happy that when I turned every corner there were more foods available. The decor of the place was beautiful. It costed them $100 million to create 'the bucchanel' and I think that they did an amazing job. There were big round tables and booths available. I ate the crap out of the cold crab legs. That with butter was OMG. The shrimp was very juicy and FAT. I have never seen a shrimp so fat before. my friend made his own carnita truffle fries because the buffet had all the ingredients available (guac, truffle fries, carnitas, salsa, cheese). I ate 8 legs of lamb. So good!! The prime rib and brisket was a bit too salty for my liking but I loved the lamb. The desserts were beautifully displayed. Too bad I'm not a sweets kind of person but everything looked so pretty I just had to try everything (and I did...no kidding..) yummy creme Brule, chocolate covered strawberries, cake pop, pudding tart (my favorite because it wasn't too sweet), cookies, and macarons. Loved the lemon and strawberry sorbet.  I suggest coming early dinner or 2 hrs before closing to avoid lines. I didn't have to wait because we came late but there were plenty of foods available.
3	Everything you'd expect from a high end casino's buffet: Huge selection, decent quality foods, and overpriced admission.  I'm not saying that it was a bad experience; On the contrary, I enjoyed my visit.  But to me, in the end the food doesn't justify the price.  I'll elaborate.As I mentioned, the food selection is quite extensive and diverse.  It seems every major nationality and ethnicity is represented somewhere in the buffet.  I'll use my gluttony as an example: My first plate consisted of asian-style stir fry and meats, with rice and an Asian soup.  My second plate was build-it-yourself tacos, with middle eastern style doughy stuff and meats.  My third plate was typical American, steak and trip-tip with potatoes and corn. The dessert section is fairly large too- lots of gelatos, cakes, and other sweet treats.  Overall, most of the food quality would range between very good to excellent.Now, even though the buffet is tasty and diverse, I still have a few negatives I can't quite get over:Price- The buffet is great, but it's quality isn't much different from other buffets on the strip.  For example, the quality equals that of Planet Hollywood's buffet, and PH comes in at around $10 cheaper per person, with a shorter wait time. Which leads me to my next point...Service- If you come during meal times, you're going to wait.  Unless you're a VIP, you wait to pay and wait again to be seated.  From the time we got in line until we got seated took about 40 minutes, which is kind of crazy for a lunch.  And after you're seated, if you're thirsty you are at the mercy of a server and must wait for beverages and refills. Which in our experience, was very lacking and slow. I went through two plates of food with an empty drink, and only received a refill when I flagged down a different passing server. So in conclusion, the food was very good and the selection was great.  The price was steep and the service lackluster.  Next time I do a Vegas buffet, I'll probably try somewhere else where the cost is a bit more in line with the value.
5	You can't escape Vegas without going to at least one buffet. The question? Which one? If you're like me and you come to Vegas once a decade it is all a wild guess though Yelp is of course a blessing. That being said let me take the guesswork out for you and just go to The Bachannal at Caesar's Palace. Had lunch there and my girls were beaming after they left. As you would expect a whole lot to choose from. Definitely eat the waygu bed sliders. Everything from the Asian section was awesome which to me says a lot about the quality. The had a to order taco bar. Shellfish bar. The BBQ section brought a tear to my eye. Sausages. Prime rib. Brisket that you would sell your soul for. The carver at the BBQ station was so nice too. He was smiling away chatting the entire two hours I was there. Wait. Did I just admit I was there for two hours? I swear I didn't eat the entire time. 90 minutes tops! Every dessert under the sky including made to order shaved ice but you have to ask. All there is a little sign in the dessert bar.y daughter saw it got some and loved it even comparing the quality to stuff found in Hawaii.
5	There was so much hype as I anticipated my arrival to Vegas because of this buffet. It wasn't even about the endless sunshine, unlimited booze, or the crazy escapades that were to come in Sin City. All I cared about was the buffets. Inner fat child fosho.I got in here right before dinner time as it was a tad bit cheaper, PLUS there were unlimited mimosas included (major YAY). Reasons why Bacchanal stands above the rest:- SO much food and variety, you don't know where to go next- Tons of options for meat- prime rib is a must, lots of sausages and other meats galore- SEAFOOD, all I really did was go to town on the crabs and shrimp, my favorite was the crawfish though. That was a pleasant surprise.Just like other buffets they have a huge selection of each ethnic cuisine and they spend a lot of time and thought executing their selections. If you need to decide on which buffet you're going to splurge at, I highly recommend this one. This is where you want to agonize in pain after because of how full you are.
5	I am a big buffet eater and I have, I was so impress with the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars Palace. My family and I went there for their weekend brunch and it was amazing. By far this is the best buffet I've been too. It is an upscale buffet and you get your money worth. Plenty of selections, servers are nice, its clean, awesome atmosphere, modern and most of all FOOD is so GOOD.
1	Never again. Chef brought strawberries and drop it on the floor. Picked it up and places it back on the display. Gross!!
5	Um, yes please! This is now mine and hubs' favorite buffet in Vegas. Really top notch stuff going on here. We made sure to get here early like around 5-6pm so that we could avoid the lines. They say there's a 2 hour limit, but they don't really check so if you get there early you can "stay as long as you want". Before I start to talk about their delicious food, I'd like to comment about the service. I saw that a few Yelpers complained about not getting enough attention - no one checked on them or refilled their water. Well, this was not the case for me. The busboy waited on us and was super attentive. It was great that he pitched in since we barely saw our actual waiter. I think our waiter was too busy with all the other tables he was in charge of. Water, tea, and drinks were a plenty for us and our plates were promptly cleared! The food. OH THE FOOD! Before I grabbed anything I walked around to see what kind of foods they offered. So much of everything. I was impressed with their Asian selection. It's not the best, but it's a few notches higher than what other buffets offer. Also, their cheese station!! DROOL~ So much seafood! To get my money's worth, I avoided the Asian, Italian, and Mexican stations! I only hit up the seafood, meat carving, and dessert. I did try some cheese though because I couldn't help it. I also got a scoop of veggies just to be healthy. Crab legs and oysters were fresh. They had some miso glazed seabass which I got several plates of. Really yummy! The lamb chops were really good too. Everything was high quality and well made like you could get at a fine restaurant. I would probably make a whole meal out of their desserts if I could. Everything I tried was tasty but not overdone. The pandan cake was my favorite. This is now a must when I come back to Vegas!Weekend dinner was $58.
2	As we were brought to our table we were told where everything was and I was excited about all the choices.First, I went to the seafood area and chose the shrimp, roasted red pepper bisque, and the miso glazed cod. The plump shrimp was the best of the 3 but with the shrimp being straight on the ice it tasted soft and semi water logged. The roasted red pepper bisque was flavorless and tasted more like a tomato soup. The miso glazed cod was cooked well but was luke warm and the wasabi mashed potatoes accompanying it were also luke warm which made the outer layer hard. Next, I went to the italian station and got the meatballs which were nicely presented and the penne carbonara. The meatball tasted fine but the tomato sauce was overly sweet and made the entire dish taste artificial. The carbonara tasted nothing like a carbonara, pasta was overcooked and it reminded me of the quality of pasta I would have tasted from a Souplantation. A few more low points were the sashimi being warm; pretzel rolls being dry; corn chowder crusty on top from it being luke warm; brisket more fat than meat. The one positive thing I will say is that this buffet has solid and well done desserts. I had the carrot cake; beignet; churro; strawberry cheesecake ice cream; mint chip ice cream; cheesecake pop; chocolate ganache log; oreo chocolate mousse. Carrot cake was moist and cream cheese frosting on top was nicely done. Beignet was also nicely done with it being freshly fried and warm. Churro was tasty but was more soft than crispy. Chocolate ganache log was my favorite; you could tell the chocolate was of high quality. Overall, I was very disappointed in the quality and execution of the food especially the hot items. The only reason I am even giving Baccchanal 2 stars is for the thoughtful/tasty dessert items.
4	Easily one of the best buffets in Vegas and one of the newest additions. I was waiting and waiting to go try this place and finally had the opportunity to do so, but of course it was done with a hangover.. so I want to try to give this place the best review I can under the circumstances that I was in. I tried a bit of everything even if it meant a few bites of one thing and a whole bowl of pho. Yes, pho.. and it was good too! Probably the best thing there that day, and it cured the hangover but I still didn't eat much of the other stuff. Everything was really high quality though and explains the price of the buffet. I would definitely like to go back and try it when I am "normal" again.
1	I was at the buchannal for lunch this Monday and the wife and I have a horrible case of food poisoning. The one dish we both share was the Pozole. If anyone else experienced this please post. What a horrible way to mess up Father's Day.
5	Wow. Looking for a good meal with luxury? Look no further. Fresh small family style servings in Le Creuset pots. Love their napkins, crab, fried pickles. I didn't like the Mexican food station. A tip: when it's busy ask to move your table towards the pool when there's an opening. Also, tip them at the door...
4	So this place opened since my last visit in 2011...and holy damn why wasn't it open earlier??? The Strip needed a place like this!Bacchanal has easily the biggest seafood options out of all the buffet restaurants in The Strip, ranging from oysters to mussels, clams, crab legs, crab claws, lobster bisque, etc. They also have various cuisines ranging from Italian to Indian to Chinese in the far corner, and also have great dessert displays that are only rivaled by the one at Wynn.Thing is, stuffing on seafood alone would already make your $50 charge worth, and quite honestly that was the true highlight of this buffet. Top scores also go to the prime rib, lamb racks, shrimp dumplings, siu mai, and most of the dessert options. What would make this place 5 stars, however, is an increased variety of fruits, and much less salt/oil in their soups as they were way too salty.Bacchanal is one of the busiest buffets on The Strip, so do expect a bit of a wait. There is a way around though: Pay $15 more and you can bypass the line completely. The other option is to be a party of between 4 and 8, as parties of 2 generally have a 30-45 minute wait during peak times.
4	The only Buffet worthy of 5 stars is the "Seafood Buffet" at Deer Valley in  Park City.  Bacchanal makes a solid effort but falls just a bit short when it comes to the high end shellfish.  The real star of any so called high end buffet.  Staff is a tad arrogant ... Maybe it's the hoards of mid-westerners in the "New Balance" running shoes.... Lot a sweat pants in the house as well.... Apparently you need to come prepared.As you enter the 25,000 square foot feed lot you see the crux of all the excitement... The Crab Leg station.... 9 deep and 6 wide it's truly a spectacle of gluttony!  I'm thinking of a new reality tv show..... CRAB LEG WARS! VEGAS!!!! It's a literal frenzy ... All for an average snow crab leg that yields a thin flavorless reward .... Oyster Shooter are in tomato juice... Tip grab some extra cocktail sauce and reconstitute your own version (ala Brophy's).Without droning on about this and that I'd say just go and experience it once it may be Heaven or it may be Hell.... You decide!?!?!?Secret super tip for normal people... Make it your first and only meal of the day at 2:30 pm.... Line will be shorter and price skyrockets at 3:00 pm.  They also won't rush you when you get inside.... We stayed for 3 hours!!!!!And ask for Jo's station she's amazing and oh so pleasant!
1	They claim that this buffet won top awards for the past 2 years. Go anywhere but here unless you're willing to ruin the rest of your vacation. Besides being one of the most expensive buffets on the strip, don't be surprised if you become seriously ill for 2 months following this meal.The management takes no responsibility for their improper treatment of the food they serve.We witnessed the handling of raw food next to cooked food.We were forced to spend the last 3 days of our vacation in our room, sick as dogs.We are still sick, 2 months later, and our doctor now has us on massive dosages of Flagyl along with Cipro. These drugs are not easily tolerated and it should not be necessary to have to go through this.If you had a similar experience please call (800) 696-6699 or their insurance campany @ (866) 446-1424. They are wise guys!!!!!! We would avoid this buffet at any cost.
5	This is an amazing buffet.  The stations are fully staffed and constantly replenished.  There is not a long wait inside for the higher-end foods.  There were about 6 or 7 different styles of food from Latin based, Asian and southern.  The brisk was outstanding and any choice on non-alcoholic drinks from fruit juice to Arnold Palmer included.  The desert options ranged from small pieces of delightful pies to handmade ice cream.  We ate for the entire 2 hour limit that we were there.     I am one that will 9/10 times say no I will not go to a buffet.  I do not like little hands touching near my food.  This buffet is setup where a lot of things to grab are individual.  If you are a diamond rewards member from Total Rewards, it is the best way to go.  There is no wait in line and you get great seating and service.  Can't wait to go next time!
5	There is soooooooo much to choose from, I was full just LOOKING at what they had to offer!First things first, there's a huuuge line / wait! When I went, they gave us a ticket & told us to return in an hour ... so we had to kill time by gambling. I suggest to go earlier than when you plan on eating so that you don't have to wait for too long.But wow, there was a great selection of desserts including ice cream, crepe station, cakes, cake pops, cupcakes, etc etc. the list can just go on forever! They also had taco station, soups, salads, and even guava juice!!! Oh! And the waiter even brought me over this peach green tea .... AMAZING! I kept ordering this over & over again.I would have to say that they get really busy so you might not get as much attention from the servers as you want, but just be patient!Aside from that, I was full within 2-3 plates but I kept forcing myself to eat more because they had soooo much selection! My favorite was the shrimp cocktail, king crab legs, and all the stations that they had. crepes were good but a little bit too sweet for my taste and also cause they don't use fresh strawberries. they used the can kind :(We went for dinner on a Monday, which was $55 a person! Pretty pricey, so you better pace yourself before you get too full too fast!
5	Vegas is known for their awesome buffets and Bacchanal is one of the newest and is definitely one of the best. So much choices, so much food....KING CRAB LEGS FOR DAYS!!!
5	So. much. yum.First, I thought this was very reasonably priced for the breakfast buffet.  I think it came out to $25 each.  And we ate SO MUCH.  #fattiesThe place is so big that I actually got lost at first and couldn't find the way back to our table.  There's so many different sections.  I actually got a little annoyed with my friend for taking the first things she saw.  Does she not know how to work a buffet?  You have to scan the whole place first to make sure you can fit all the good stuff in your stomach.  And there's a lot of good stuff.  So skip the typical items.  Go for the Thai dishes, the impeccable sweets, the fro-yo/ice cream, etc.  I can't imagine what they have for the dinner buffet!Every station was kept well stocked and the employees were hard at work.  Servers were friendly as well.
4	What are you looking for? A beautiful glasshouse filled with gorgeous furniture and  lounge music? Well, that's exactly what you're going to find.Setting: The setting, atmosphere and service definitely is one of the best I've ever encountered. Seafood: You can expect to see a glass cube of crab legs cut half open, or an ice mountain of raw oysters. Sounds exciting, right? That quite sums up what is to expect in terms of their seafood. Desserts: This restaurant offers much more in terms of desserts including but not limited to gelatos, crepes (and creeps) and deliciously, rich chocolate strawberries. Aside from service, Bacchanal buffet offers many, many good things to customers except for anything great. You want lobsters? You're not going to find it here. If you think you have an insatiable appetite, I think this might just turn your world upside down.
5	Let me do you a favor and save you any argument on your next venture to the Strip of what the best buffet in Vegas is. It's here.Yes, for breakfast it is a little pricier than the Rio or pretty much the other options. But it is 1000% worth it. They have everything here. You've got the American breakfast basics...and the Mexican breakfast basics...and the low-carb basics. There's Asian fare (including donuts I haven't had since in China). There's an entire section of charcuterie and cheese (it's phenomenal cheese). They have pressed juice. They have mini everything. They have sugar free and sugar OD desserts. There's a ton of places to sit. It's divine.When my boyfriend and I went, we went about 30-45 minutes before they switched to lunch. So, we got to try the breakfast AND the lunch options. I would have eaten more (there were these awesome looking sliders and soups) but while the mind was willing, the body was not strong enough.I feel this will be my only buffet in Vegas from here on out. My only regret of coming here is not having a big enough stomach to cram in everything I want to consume.
4	I may be the only person on Earth to think this, but crab legs are overrated. Seriously, everyone I ever see at a buffet piles plates high with these things, and it just takes up space and uses a ton of energy for such a small payoff. Call me crazy! But if you are like every other buffet attendee, there are plenty of crab legs for you to hoard, along with other popular buffet fare like prime rib, sushi, and creme  brulee. They also have some more original offerings, but to be honest after spending more than an hour there I couldn't really remember anything I had eaten. I think that's why I'm not a huge buffet person to begin with! The ambiance is luxurious, conducive to large groups, and the waiters are very attentive about drinks and cleaning up your dirty dishes. There are several spread out stations including Asian, Italian, meats of all kinds, and of course the precious seafood. Funny enough, one of the favorites of my group was the pho broth. Who knew?? I think the desserts were really underwhelming and next time I'd just stick with a little gelato and call it a day.If you love going to buffets and stuffing your face, you'll definitely enjoy Bacchanal. But if you're anything like me you might want to consider if you'd rather spend that $60 on a delicious regular meal or maybe at the slots!
2	The expectation coming into this buffet was 1) good quality food and 2) endless quantities of it.My results?1) NOPE. Only the miso sea bass was worth having beyond a second serving of. 2) SURE. I was able to indulge in more mediocre food after regurgitating it into the porcelain toilet conveniently located outside of the eating area. Now I'm off to figure out how to get the most out of my money while I'm still here...
5	Hands down best buffet in Las Vegas and best on the buffet of buffets.  Worth the up charge.
4	On my third trip to Vegas, I went with my Partner In Dining. He's the one who chose this spot to eat. Everyone always raves about Wicked Spoon. Well, move over because the Bacchanal just took the wicked out of your spoon.The best time to go is 30 minutes before lunch ends. That way, you get the lunch price and still get the dinner food. That's what I learned on my trip following this one.The first thing that caught my eye was all the fresh juices! Guava, watermelon, mango, tamarind, horchata, orange, and jamaica. WOW did that keep me hydrated. But, be careful because they you'll get full.The Bacchanal has the following sections:Seafood: Oysters, crabs, shrimps, clams, and some other hot food itemsBBQ Meats with all the Southern side fixin'sTacos, made to order with every kind of salsa you could imagingCold Meats & Cheeses + honey combItalian pasta/pizza(if you want your crab legs boiled, they can do it here just ask!)SaladsAsian/Noodles/Sushi/Dim SumDesserts/Ice Cream/SorbetSeriously, pace yourself so you can eat everything.Lunch is around $35 a person, and dinner is closer to $55.Definitely worth it to eat here after a night out on the strip and your alcohol soaked liver is crying for help.It's well air conditioned so bring a light sweater/jacket so you can eat comfortably.Until next time, don't forget your ID!
5	they have an amazing presentation on their desert. It looks very pretty and delicious. I love the "Mountain Macaroon" Crisp and not too sweet Lamb for me a little bit sweet, love the concept of Alaska Crab leg cut in half, so much to eat.
3	I give it 3 stars cause they tried. Nothing was any better than most of the buffets in town. Yes its all nice and pretty. But come on. For $120 for 2 people you should get more. The cracked crab legs were very small. Only tiny slivers of meat. Not worth it. Seems like you get more doing it yourself. And for everyone to rave about the brisket. You must not be from texas. It tasted like a roast. Im not trying to talk any of you out of eating here. Somethings were real good. Like the scallopped potatoes. Not $60.00 good. But good. Just go in thinking its just going to be ok. That away you wont feel disappointed.
3	(WEEKDAY DINNER REVIEW ONLY) I am sorry but half of the photos on yelp are now false..they've brought the buffet way below the expectations that I had looking at all the photos, but be wary. I came on a weekday. Monday, WHICH MIGHT EXPLAIN THE BELOW QUALITY EXPECTATIONS.. 1. Desserts- Only about 2-4 plates of each type of cake and their was no such cheesecake, which from the reviews was amazing but sadly their was none :( and tried a carrot cake..guess it was old or something it tasted so dry..I mean..wow. I'm sorry for being fussy Guys xD..but I was really looking forward for "A BUFFET WORTHY OF THE GODS (the motto)"2. The way foods were served in mini baskets, mini pots, mini bowls. Nope. After review and review about the grand opening month with cute signature miniature bowls/pots/baskets, which I came to look forward to :3. But. Those fried chicken baskets? Those cute sweet potato tots in baskets? Nope. First of all their was not a single fried chicken ( I didn't mind anyway but just pointing out for those) and no such thing as tater tots in a cute basket..same with the ginseng chicken soup. No pots as pointed out in photos..3. (Subjective) I'm not very fond of the taco station, dry meat4. Fresh fruit juices, trust me guys this was really fresh before and now it's not..Overall in was way below these expectations I had but it's my fault for reading all the good reviews xD..haha..sorry for being fussy again! But where their is cons their is pros :3PROS- 1. OMG. Divine sweet crab legs oh my dear lords as in most and nearly ever buffet in Vegas when you usually steam boil the crab legs they turn all..ugh and bland.. But these were deliciously sweet even after being boiled in hot water which I love them steamed and to those who don't know how, bring a plate to the Italian section and their is like these huge colorful pots, just put a plate on the counter and they'll give you bunch of cut up crab legs now people might think it's a con for it to be split, but at bacchanal I don't know how they do this but it doesn't taste dry up at all so don't worry..but I can speak for every day here..OVERALL..Guys I totally think this place would of been better if I went on a weekend so..I'll see c:
4	I have been here 4 times now and do have to say, I would have given this place a 5 but after I have watch the quality start to go down  and the prices go up as well, there is no way I would come back here again and my friends follow and trust me being known as (again) the buffet queen. Especially big casino's like this that pulls in so much revenue, they had started something great. Keep it up! But when prices go up and quality goes down, I see greed. I eat A LOT and I mean A LOT and I am very observant. So any changes, I would usually notice. The lines used to be much longer but not anymore, doesn't that tell you something? Obviously, I'm not the only one who notice it. Here are a few things in a flash:-   Before they had choices of snow crabs and king crabs with pretty equal amounts of both. Now they mix it up where there is 80% snow and 20% king as some people would not notice the difference and just grab anything.-   They still have the ginseng chicken soup which is delicious and used to come in individual small pots. Not there is a big pot for you to scoop in a big bowl yourself.-   A lot of their soups are SO SALTY i can't even swallow it and had to spit it out.-  They used to give you actual towel hand wipes which they now save and no longer give them out but this one isn't a big deal as I'm rating on food not napkins.-  They used to have better sushi choices and even caviar which they no longer serve unless I went on a day they just didn't have it.-  They used to serve fresh squeezed OJ in tiny jars which they don't anymore but they do however have aqua fresca's instead. All in all. I will give credit that they do use higher quality food and ingredients such as truffle in some of their cooking etc. and the only thing I DO have to still give them credit on is the desserts. For all you who love desserts, I LOVE the dessert selections here!!! I would eat a whole plate of dessert alone!! But is it worth spending almost $50/pp here, maybe not but in rare occasion its still ok.
4	I went here during a Thursday night for dinner and was quite frustrated with the waiting time. But I was patient and boy do I not regret it. Food was absolutely delicious. It was the best buffet I have ever been. The variety was infinite and the food was cooked as if grandma was in the back making it from one of her secret recipes. This buffet clearly has its ducks in a row when it comes to chowing down. This isn't your standard prison food buffet. This is definitely a full force working kitchen with actual chefs. Food never is sparse and you can eat all you want. Oh and the best part? They have gourmet cheese for you to nibble on. Delicious!!!
5	Hands down the best buffet in Vegas.  I have been to Wynn, Bellagio, Aria and Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan.  They don't compare.  Bacchanal has oysters, crab, dim sum, sushi, prime rib, lamb, italian, american, you name it.  The wait can be long, but they have kiosks where you can grab a ticket and come back at the time on the ticket.  In my opinion it is well worth the extra $ and time.  If you aren't a big fan of asian food or sea food, you might not get your money's worth, but the meat selection is incredible.  I have gone on a week day and on the weekend.  Both meals were excellent.
3	I waited in line for 3 hrs and all I thought was "really, that's the best you can do, caesar's?" Other than the fancy decor, the pretty plating, and the cute juice bottles, I was bored. The food was normal, the selection was bare, and the price is ridiculously expensive! Definitely a "one time, did that" kind of place. I really felt like I was paying for the atmosphere than the food, and for $50+, I'd rather not. I found myself get up only twice for more food. Meh.
4	It's pretty good. Tons of food choices and there wasn't a line for us. Loved the sugar free cheesecake. Definitely worthy!!
2	For the price meh. They do have a huge selection of things but seems like a buffet is a buffet. Nothing is great -just lots. Most people are into lots so if that were the case then this is wonderful. I don't eat tons of food in one sitting, so I guess I am looking for that one item that'd wow me. Which is hard to find at a buffet since the food is sitting there under a warmer. I like buffets since I can have a smidgen of everything but if it's this pricey then I want at least one wow.
4	Tonight I want all of you tonightGive me everything tonightFor all we know we might not get tomorrowLet's do it tonight at...BACCHANAL BUFFET! - Pitbull (give me everything)It's been a long time coming but I finally got to try this place! I'm not a big fan of waiting in line for buffets and Bacchanal (part of Caesars entertainment group) is the only buffet in Vegas that I can't get a front of the line pass for (we had a falling out on my part about four years ago lol) The day finally arrived and it was already confusing lining up here. You take a ticket and you can come back when they text you, but the line that you come back to looks like the same line that you would wait in line for even if you didn't take a ticket? Sigh I was so confused LOLFoods that I was looking forward to:1. prime rib - it was alright but couldn't find horse radish sauce and also was the only meat at the carving station that I was interested in2. sweet potato tater tots - oh oh oh haha the only buffet that I know of that has these tasty treats3. warm crab legs - they serve it to you and will give you as much as you want, we had a lot of these!4. dessert - the cake selection was a little disappointing and the macarons were really too sweetFoods that I hoped to like but didn't:1. taco bar - cool concept with a chef making it in front of you but the meats were salty2. fried rice - so sad if you mess this up, thus i was so sad3. dim sum - they do not have an asian chef back there, I'm convinced!Foods that surprised me:1. fresh juices - I wanted fresh watermelon juice but it wasn't in season; there were like 6 to choose from and I tried like 3 of them and all good, including mango and strawberry2. ramen and udon - you feel almost silly to fill up on noodles at a buffet but these had great texture3. congee - add in the egg and it was flavorfulI think this is a buffet that's still worth trying if you've never been here before. The food selection is diverse (I think I expected more) although you would probably only go back for seconds for a select few. I was disappointed that dessert wasn't up to par with Wicked Spoon or the Wynn. Even if the ladies are disappointed with any buffet, at least they'll leave happy if the dessert is yummy...
3	Bacchanal, I wanted to love you - I really did. You were actually one of the places I was most looking forward to when visiting Vegas for the first time in my adult life after all the publicity you've been getting. However, I was a bit disappointed unfortunately.Don't get my wrong, the food was good. I actually quite liked their macarons. However what was offered overall, just didn't seem very exceptional. When I think about the cost of admittance, I felt like I could have gotten better elsewhere. I just couldn't justify spending over $50, on overly salty food. But with that said, the next time I'm in the area, I'm willing to give you another try. Perhaps brunch? Bottomless mimosas!
3	I really don't know what the hype is been here 3xs and each time it's just reg buffet food nothing special. Maybe the glass cup decor but it's just a reg buffet with nothing that stands out
3	Pros: - Good food- good selection- comfortable chairsCons:- inefficient staff causes long line to get in- spotty table service- carpet not well cleaned/maintained- "Express pass" is a joke and waste of moneyBottom line: good food, but not worth the long wait in line.My girlfriend and I make it a habit to try one high-end buffet every time we come to Vegas. We had heard and read good things about Bachhanal, so decided to try it. We went on a Sunday night about 7:30, figuring the line wouldn't be so bad. Wrong!!!! We got there only to see a long-ass line that reminded us of a popular nightclub. There is a little machine where you check in and it gave us a ticket that told us to return in 77 minutes to be seated. Or, you could pay $20 apiece to skip the line. We decided to do this, but I was pissed with the result as we did NOT get to skip the line- instead they just place you in another line with people who came back after waiting their 77 minutes. What a ripoff. The dinner price was $53 apiece (before the $20 express charge).Anyway, after 30 minutes of waiting in the express line, we were finally seated. I was appalled at what we saw- open table after open table. Several were not cleaned yet which told me their bussing service is lacking. It also was very clear that they either don't care about people in line or are purposely making them wait there as nightclubs do very often- to make it look like a "hot" place that everyone has to eat at. Either way, it's disgusting.There was a great selection of food- seafood, Chinese, sushi, American, Italian, and a small salad bar. They also had a huge dessert bar with an excellent selection. We especially liked their sea bass (with wasabi mashed potatoes and Bok choi), the sweet potato tater tots, Asian green beans, king crab legs, shrimp dumplings, and custard dumplings. Our server was ok, but would sometimes disappear for lengths of time. Plates were cleared quickly, however. My girlfriend noticed food on the carpet in several areas. Disappointing given the stature of the place and the fact it wasn't even full ( don't get me going on THAT again). Overall, we liked the food, but were disappointed with other aspects of our experience. We think the buffets at the Wynn and Cosmopolitan were better and were about the same price. We would come back to Bacchanal, but only if there were no line (or a very small one).
4	Bacchanalia, a festival of merriment and libations, a riotous tribute to Bacchus, the god of wine and ecstasy. Intoxicated revelry, drunken orgies...the Romans had it good.Contemporary visitors to Caesar's Palace aren't so lucky. They must queue up before indulging at the Bacchanal Buffet by checking in at the self-service kiosks. A piece of parchment with a wait time will be dispensed. At 3 in the afternoon on a Sunday, our wait was CLVI minutes. That's fancy for 156 minutes, which is, in other words, 2 hours and 36 minutes. Within an hour and a half, however, they delivered a message that our turn was up, at which point we were allowed 15 minutes to come claim our spot.The price for dinner was LVIII dollars and some change. You're better off not deciphering that. For those who put in the effort to understand it, you'll probably want to know, was it worth it?If you just want to load up on typical buffet foods like crab legs and prime rib, you can be satisfied somewhere else and pay less. The draw of Bacchanal is their dishes, prepared with the attention you may find at a fine-dining restaurant.Many of their selections come tapas-style, on a tiny plate or miniature pan that you take with you to your table. They even provide silicon finger tabs so you don't burn yourself as you grab. The seabass on wasabi mashed potatoes was outstanding as well as the shrimp on grits. As for seafood, crab legs were available hot or cold and cross-sectioned for easy extraction. Raw oysters were offered but only half-shucked, and they weren't that meaty. Dessert items were hit or miss, but the chocolate-filled beignets were exceptional, and the chocolate macarons were on par with the ones from a nice bakery.Although the price and wait time may make the gods gasp in dismay and tumble out of Mt. Olympus, the quality preparations would satisfy the pickiest of the pantheon. The god of wine continues to inspire cult-ish gatherings, this time in the name of refined gluttony.
4	The brisket is sublime. Head and shoulders above any buffet. Fresh, hot, and flavorful with lots of variety.
1	We paid a $20 premium per person to skip the fucking line and are still waiting after an hour in line.  Don't give a fuck how good food is not coming back
3	Service was good, but they closed off the food 30 minutes+ before they were scheduled to close at 11:00 (closed off the food at 10:20-10:30). The service was great though, but kinda bummed about how quickly they closed.... Food variety was okay for what we paid,  $110 for 2 people plus tip.
1	***This place doesn't deserve ANY star, but I'll put one on in order to complete the review***This place is effen bullshit!!! They would schedule a reservation one minute before they close. We arrive there on time and they announce they cannot serve us. Their excuse is that it's a computer glitch and they are sorry they can't serve us. Since when do computer glitches make it the customers' fault? NOT OUR PROBLEM!!  Us customers schedule our time before and around the reservation. What is sad is that they can only comp for the next day.  How's about giving us a comp for 20 mins or our next Vegas visit?  Also adding insult to injury, we came at 9:59pm and Yelp says they close at 11:00pm!! WTF is that???The food is maybe "labeled" the best buffet in Vegas but definitely the WORST customer service!!  All they can say is SORRY SORRY SORRY.  Call me a WAAAH-MBULANCE!  Sorry is never the customers fault!What a way to ruin the tail end of a Vegas vacation.
5	One of the best buffet places I have been to, and I've been to a few in Vegas. One word of advice though -- come here during the week as during the weekends they jack up their prices for "Champagne brunch". You're forced to pay 20 dollars more whether you want to or not. However, with that being said, the food here was so bomb and there were so many different selections. My friends and I came here at 12 pm and literally stayed until 5 pm, slowly making our way through each course. Anything that you wanted, this place had, from king crab legs and crab hollandaise to sushi and pizza. There was a big island of desserts in the center of the restaurant which made for a perfect way to end the meal. Even though it was a buffet, you definitely got the feel that you were at an upscale restaurant as the decor is beautiful and the service was great. I got my money's worth by filling up on those bottomless mimosas! Definitely a must try on your next trip to Vegas.
3	The decor and ambiance is upscale however overall the buffet was mediocre. The selection is mostly carbs. I went on Sunday for brunch. At $50 per person after tax, this buffet was not worth it for those who don't drink. One perk that I did like is that the king crab legs were cut in half. I had high expectations based off the numerous reviews and 4 star rating. No point in getting a Total Rewards card, you'll save a whopping $1.
3	I went here expecting it to be amazing. It was just ok. Here we go. the guy who was working the carving station was rude as hell. Big black dude named Thomas (I think ). There was only one customer (me) at the carving station and I just stood there as looked over at me but ignored me. Didn't even say "hello" or "I'll be right with you." Left me to wonder whether that was the actual carving station or just a display window and the carving station was located elseware. I asked him, "Is this the carving station and he said, "Yeah." I said, "ok can I get something?" He said, :"uh huh."  I felt like I was inconveniencing him. Our table was just a few feet away from the carving station and he called people out who were in line with a very loud, shrill "M'aam" or "Sir". And kept saying it until they acknowledged him. Hmm seems like he wants to be acknowledged but he doesn't reciprocate. Would never allow someone like that to be client facing. Now the food:Fried duck - amazing. Better than what I've ordered in fine restaurants when the duck is the entry. This was crispy, juicy and not overly fatty. BBQ pork (chinese style) - superb. Not dried out and very flavorful with a slight sweetness. Prime rib and lamb chops. Wonderful, except they were served at the carverie by Mr WonderNOT. Our servers Esteban and a very sweet girl whose name I can't remember. They worked well as a team and made us feel very much at home. The restaurant was rather chaotic. It was about 5pm on Sunday night. I've been here for brunch and we came early in the morning and it was outstanding.
3	I really want to like this place, but it was extremely disappointing. Maybe it was overhyped. The food was just okay, nothing sets it apart from other buffets. Based on other reviews, I might give it another shot next time I'm in Vegas, but I'd rather go back to the seafood buffet at Rio before dining here again.
1	There's no their defined "ticket rules" in any forms of instruction. So by the time we have waited for 30 minutes to get into the buffet. The lady in the front desk just said "oh , u need to press the machine for ticket and get into the line AGAIN" Maybe it's just the "Excellent service" they can provide.........
4	Really good. Most amazing buffet I've ever had. Not quite 5 stars because during seating and serving the staff seemed confused about who to seat next and what line was for which people. Overall though it's definitely worth checking out. Like after you haven't eaten for 3 days. Tacos, thai, italian, meat cheese and fruit, bbq, seafood, this mushroom soup was knocked off the chart though. Gotta try it.
5	Bacchanal is, hands down, one of the best of the best when it comes to Vegas buffets.  Every time I've eaten here, I've left with an incredibly overstuffed and happy tummy.  You know that saying, quality over quantity?  Well, why not quality AND quantity!  Bacchanal has them both!They have all types of foods...Starting from the front of the buffetSeafood: crab, oyster, prawns, mussels, clams, fishCarving station: prime rib, all kinds of sausages, different cuts of beef, lamb, chicken, porkAmerican: BBQ style foods, corn, mashed potato, hamburgers, mini hot dogs, sweet potato tater tots, scalloped potatoes, etc.Mexican: (I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food so I don't quite remember what was here but there was a huge selection of dishes!) Bread bar: tons of breads, multigrain, buns, corn bread, soft bread...but why waste precious stomach space on bread?Juice bar: adorable glass bottles filled with strawberry juice, hibiscus juice, horchata, mango juice, guava juice (I really wanted to take these cute bottles home, but you're not allowed to.  So sad)Italian: pizzas, meatballs, pastas, etc. my favorite was the cheese, dried fruit, and cured meats station!Salad bar: again, why waste precious stomach space on salad?Asian: sushi, rolls, build your own ramen, build your own udon, building your own pho, dim sum and dumplings, sticky rice, Chinese dishes, etc.Don't forget to go around the corner because there is another section that you don't want to miss out on.And last but definitely not least....my favorite......drumroll.....THE DESSERT STATION!!So many cakes, pies, chocolate covered strawberries, homemade marshmallows, cake pops, pastries, cookies, brules, tarts, cream puffs, a whole freezer of ice cream flavors, build your own crepe, build your own ice cream sandwich, Bubbies mochi ice cream (yes, correctly!  They fly over Hawaii's own Bubbies mochi ice cream!!)Tip: when getting dessert, first go to the regular food area to pick up a plate because those are bigger than the plates at the dessert station.  That way, you can get more dessert every time you go up!All in all, I ended up eating 9 plates and drinking three juice bottles (2x Asian food, 2x Italian food, 2x meats and other random dishes, 1x American food, 2x dessert).  I think I stretched out my tummy to a whole new level after eating here but once I started eating, I just couldn't stop!  You can really do some damage here since everything tastes so good.  Come hungry and leave happy!   Incredibly, wonderfully happy.
5	The food we had at Bacchanal buffet (Caesars Palace) was truly and completely worth every penny. The bacchanal buffet is voted as the best buffet in Las Vegas. They offer......hold your breath.... more than 500 dishes to choose from. We were in a foodies wonderland. I remember having tasted almost everything. They also had an impressive spread of desserts. With so much to choose from, you will definitely leave the place happy and satisfied.
4	Probably one of the more expensive brunch buffets in Vegas at $45 a pop, but the quality was overall on point.  I would recommend to not come in a big group of ten like I did or you will have to endure a two hour wait..... They do have an option to skip the wait time if you pay $20. Yea we weren't willing to wait that long so F IT!!! :)  The sushi selection is very lacking to only salmon and tuna so I was a bit disappointed in that since that's usually where I head to first when I hit any buffet.  I do give them points though on their dim sum selection which actually wasn't that bad.  It wasn't as bad as other buffets that serve packaged frozen crap.  Siu mai and ha gow were not that bad at all. Cha siu was bombskis tho.I probably devoured two plates of snow crab legs, about half were on the salty side and the other half on the sweeter side.  Yea I know it's not great for cholesterol but I never really get a chance to eat it that often, so no bigs!  The shrimp were ok, they did have a slight smell to them but not totally offputting.  Our group stayed for a while past the brunch hour which was rolling into the dinner time so they were putting oysters out on the half shell as well!  I could only eat about 3 since I was so full by then but from what I could remember, they were decent as well.  Not the best but none of them made me sick.I tend to stick with the proteins and stay away from all the starchy carbs so I can't comment on any of the pasta/rice dishes.  The prime rib was cooked well but the quality was no more than select.  The wait for the carne asada isn't really worth it either. It was good but not ten minutes in line good.  I think the desserts were somewhat of the redeeming factor of the meal since as I said before, we stayed during the transition from brunch to dinner.  So macarons and chocolate dipped strawberries were on the menu as well as the breakfast type dessert pastries as well.Our waitress Patty was outstanding and made the experience much more enjoyable.  She was constantly around refillling our mimosas and stayed around to chat with us from time to time and crack jokes.I would put Bacchanal on level with Bellagio and the Wynn buffets so definitely worth a stop before leaving Vegas.
4	After hearing this was the BEST buffet I decided to take the time to check it out. They have the new ticketing wait system which worked out well. The wait was only an hour for lunch on a Monday we put our name down then went and had a drink at the bar a few feet away and the wait went by fast. The lines to get food were very long it kind of sucked but what do ya expect.   The food was good I loved that they had oysters I don't remember Wicked Spoon offering oysters ever at lunch time. Overall though Wicked Spoon was a much better buffet. Wicked spoon has a much bigger selection of everything and also offers unlimited drinks for a price which Bacchanal does not. The food selection was ok nothing special. The crab legs and Sangria were quite tasty though I will say. Service was also very slow.. If you're deciding between this and Wicked Spoon.. go to Wicked Spoon!
4	My friends and I purposely didn't eat all day in order to arrive at Bacchanal hungry. We got in line only to get told that they were at capacity and to come back in an hour. Tummies grumbling, we wandered Caesar's Palace in search of alcohol. Because 1) why not and 2) Vegas. We hopped back in line tipsy and starving at 9:30, paid, and waited to be seated. By 9:50 we're finally being led to our table when our hostess says, "By the way, all the food gets taken back to the kitchen at 10:30." Most people would be annoyed about this, but my friends and I looked at each other with expressions that screamed CHALLENGE ACCEPTED.It was a mad dash from there. We attacked the buffet from all sides, bringing back 3-4 plates at a time and trying not to stumble due to our otherwise empty stomachs filled only with alcoholic slushie. Our table was straight up insanity. Plates on plates on plates. "Ooh what's that? That looks good! Can I try some?" Forks and spoons with morsels and tidbits of food were flying left and right. Who knows if we even ended up with our own silverware. Bacchanal staff did a great job clearing plates and keeping our waters topped off. They saw how quickly we were eating and kept up. I seriously felt like a 6-stomached cow shoveling food into my pie hole as fast as The Flash.Eventually we slowed down, leaned back in our chairs, and put our forks down. Checked the time: 10:10. My friends and I sped-ate through Bacchanal in 20 minutes!  It was probably disgusting and disturbing to watch but yes I'm proud. Bacchanal is huge. If you want it, they have it. Filet mignon, king crab, a noodle station, gelato, and creme brulee. Crawdads, sushi, lamb chops, macarons. Cookies, cake, brownies, risotto, brisket, truffle potatoes, soup, paella, and charcuterie. It's a Beauty and the Beast-sized smorgasbord, the only thing is the dishes don't dance.So maybe we didn't get to savor the flavors of what we were eating, but Bacchanal provided a super fun buffet experience I won't forget. Great selection, beautiful layout, and a roaming photographer! I suggest you take a bite of everything they have and don't worry about the waste (no extra charge). Ah, Vegas. Land of excess. Burp.
3	Having read the raving reviews and having seen the consistent 4 stars i was really excited to try this place. Unfortunately I found the service to be sub par and the workers unfriendly. The food was mostly too salty. The only plus side is the oysters. Overall I felt like I paid way more than I got from this buffet. There's other buffets that are cheaper and in my opinion have better tasting food.
2	Not worth it anymore.  No tomahawk ribeye.  Raised prices.Got a rude host and meat carver one time.And the meat was terrible one out of the 3 visits.  Really dry prime rib.Tacos were really good one visit.  And just okay the second visit.
5	In my opinion, if there is only one buffet you gonna try in Vegas, this is it.  selections and quality are excellent.  Frankly, I am surprised by how comfortable the environment is here.  People seem to hang out for a long time.One draw back is that the wait can be Disney long.  We went in a Monday afternoon at 3pm.  The wait was at least 30 min.  Cannot imagine what the line would be like at prime meal time or on weekends.The lining system is interesting.  You use a kiosk to put your cell number and get a ticket that shows your wait time.  You will be texted when it is close to your turn.  Then you will stay in line, pay the cashier and be seated.Since the wait can be long, go to the kiosk and grab a ticket early is important.
5	one of the best buffets I've had! My friends and I come to have lunch before we hit up edc,  and the line was super long. They had a touch screen monitor in the middle of the line where you can reserve a spot for your party which was super convenient. It prints you out a receipt telling you how long your wait shall be and when to come check in at the front desk. Our wait time was an hour so we had time to gamble and walk around Caesars. An hour has passed and we come back and it's already dinner time and prices but luckily we got to pay lunch price and still eat the dinner food! So happy they were able to accommodate that for us, or we got lucky :) lunch price was 38 bucks and dinner I believe is near 60?They had a HUGE selection of food. This is my second time here and I still get lost! Lol I'm a huge sushi fan so I went straight to the Asian food area and grabbed 10 pieces of salmon and tuna nigiri and half a roll. I think I made my money worth in that one plate already lol try their salmon! It's in the seafood area. So yummy. There are some dishes that aren't the best, but there are some where you keep coming back for more. You feel like you're in heaven when you're getting dessert. Chocolate covered strawberries, mochi, macarons, cheesecake etc etc. Ahh! I miss this place. Service isn't too bad either. Clearing up your empty or unwanted dishes and refilling your drinks. Come try this place out!
5	Can't express how amazing this dinner buffet was!  Spending the same amount at another restaurant would only get you 1 dish & a glass of wine.  Here it's all gourmet, & as much as you want of whatever you want!  Awesome cheese, great crab legs freshly steamed, beautiful & delicious desserts!
5	Location: Caesars PalaceTip: You have to check in at the Kiosk! Don't just stand at the end of the line. Also, don't be fooled by the ridiculous "estimated" wait time. I checked in at the kiosk at 3:30 pm and on the receipt it said: "estimated seating: 7:45 pm". I was in disbelief because all the yelp reviews I read said at most the wait time would be two hours and thirty minutes. I double checked with the tall asian manager with glasses and asked him several times about the wait time. I asked, "Is this a good estimate? The line is pretty short, and we don't have time to wait for four hours." He assured me the estimated time was pretty accurate so I should def consider paying the $20 express line option. I gave him the benefit of the doubt and paid the extra $20 for a grand total of $76!I got a text notification about one hour and twenty minutes later letting me know that I was at the front of the line and I would need to come back to pay (if I hadn't already) . Basically I got hustled... Four hour wait my butt, I only had to wait an hour, no need to go to the express line! Shout out to the Asian manager with the spiky hair for hustling me! Food: Enormous selection of food! You start with Chinese food at the back of the line. Everything was excellent save for the shrimp "dumplings". If you're the type that looks for good asian food at a buffet, Bacchanal is perfect for you! They had the leanest pork belly I've ever had in my entire life. The shrimp shumai was also very good. The fried rice was also very tasty. There wasn't really a "Nice" selection of Japanese food. The California roll they made was very good though. NOODLE OPTION: FINALLY a buffet that offers UDON Noodle soup, PHO, AND RAMEN! I have never seen that before and I've always wondered how old I would have to be for someone to make a smart business move like that. Bravo Bacchanal. Italian option: Looked appetizing, but didn't have the patience to wait for that section of the line! Meat option: If it's bulking season for you, this is the buffet to be at. The BEST prime rib I've ever had in my entire life. No joke. The lamb was also amazing. They offer BBQ ribs, turkey, and a huge freaking bone with a chunk of meat.. (Not sure what type of meat it was, but let's say it was a buffalos leg. Jk.)Soup selection: My wifey tried all of the soup selections and she loved every single one!Juice: don't skip over the juice! They had a little section with glass juices and they tasted wonderful. I loved the pineapple ;) and mango option! Make sure you don't fill up your stomach with juices though.. (Another smart business idea)Carne asada tacos at Bacchanal over King Taco. I'm not even kidding.Fish: I can't remember every fish I tried off the top of my head, but the salmon was fresh and baked perfectly! Seafood: Sadly, they have this section at the start of the buffet line so you'll have to wait till you get to the front to dig in... I'm not a huge seafood fan, but my wifey does. Being the man of the year, I stacked a plate full of KING crab legs, oysters, mussels, AND JUMBO shrimp. You know a buffet is on another level when they offer jumbo shrimp. The oysters were fresh and simply amazing. My girl has very high expectations for seafood and Bacchanal exceeded those expectations. Desserts: My wifey loves her desserts and there were so many options to choose from... Cakes, macaroons, ice cream, ice cream cookie sandwiches, basically everything.. Basically, top selling items from well known dessert places all put together.Everything at the Bacchanal was amazing. The only negative was the misleading information by the manager working that day. A little shady that he urged us (group of five) to pay the extra $20 to go through express on a Monday afternoon w/ barely any people in line... Five-Stars for everything else.
5	This buffet is simply amazing! I've been here twice and have not been disappointed. They have so much high quality food to choose from. I suggest starting from the back and work your way towards the front. Make sure to try their crab legs & ask for them to be steamed. My little tip for going to for dinner without paying the dinner price is to go just a little bit before 3pm (when their lunch ends & dinner starts) and pay the lunch price. It might be a little early, but just don't eat a big lunch before you go. :) And don't skip the dessert! They've got a giant selection of dessert to choose from.
5	this is pretty darn close to what my dream buffet would be!1. awesome seafood selection2. endless choices of delicious food3. amazing atmosphere/serviceI highly recommend this buffet to anyone visiting! I've had the chance to eat at Wicked Spoon and between the two I would pick this buffet for its variety. The food quality at wicked spoon is better but definitely the selection here is spectacular. It's a bit more expensive by a couple of dollars but worth it. I came here with a party of 16 for lunch and they were able to accommodate us pretty quickly. The wait wasn't too bad, the line moves quickly. It's a very open buffet, you can actually see the Caesar Palace pool as you're dining and the entire decor is very modern. Their service was great, the servers cleaned up the plates often and made sure we got our drinks. It was a little bit slow sometimes but I thought overall it was great. Their food selection was immense. They had everything from fresh seafood, barbecued meats, sushi, chinese, dim sum, salads, breads and cheeses, mexican, american, mediterranean, desserts, and more! I managed to try a bit of everything and enjoyed almost everything I got. Definitely the best thing was the crab and fresh shrimp they had. They were rather large pieces too which was nice! They also had delicious clams and chowders. Their desserts were great, they have a nice variety of sweets.I would love to come back again! I think for the price, selection, and quality this buffet is my first choice in Vegas.
4	This is the best looking and best laid-out buffet on the strip. The food was uniformly good. I gave only four stars because it is more expensive than all the other buffets, and I thought the Bellagio's food was slightly better.
5	Bacchanal is the best Vegas buffet on the strip HANDS DOWN!  Be prepared for the wait though... and the hefty price per person, of course.  We waited around 45 minutes on a Tuesday at 9PM.  They were at max capacity at one point too.. ON A TUES!  $50 per person for dinner.  They have it all from seafood, american, pizza, mexican, asian, sushi, bomb-ass desserts, and more.My favorites were:-The oysters on half shell.  They were so good! WTF?! Buffet oysters can be this good?! They didn't have Tabasco which is a MUST for me with oysters but their cocktail sauce with lemon made up for it. -Steamed Crab legs.  Although other places steam the crab legs for you... It comes already steamed here - so you don't feel like you're bothering the workers.  -Juices.  In the mexican food section, they serve fruit juices in little glass milk bottles.  I thought this was so interesting.  They have tamarind, hibiscus, strawberry, mango, and horchata.    -Lamb & Beef Ribs were SO GOOD!  The texture and seasonings were ON POINT.  I was pretty disappointed with the prime rib though... Maybe it was an off-day?-I am asian so I had to try one of their noodles w/ broth.  The guy recommended the Ramen broth so I got it with the udon noodles.   IT was SOOO good.  Reminded of a traditional Korean beef broth called sullungtang.   It is not miso based.-Desserts: They had gelato, ice cream sandwhiches, cake pops, macarons, macaroons, freshly made crepes, and assorted cakes & cookies.  All were yummy.  Other Vegas buffets usually have 3-4 really good dishes.. I felt that at Bacchanal, EVERYTHING was either pretty good or REALLY bomb!  Ugh.. I gained almost 5 lbs this Vegas trip and BACCHANAL is definitely to blame.  T.T
5	Hands down one of the best buffets I've ever had! The high quality and endless choices will leave you very satisfied! It has everything you can imagine, from Chinese to sushi..Mexican, Italian, huge salad & cheese bar to the different varieties of meats & my personal favorite the seafood selection. I had to go back for seconds and thirds for the oysters & crab claws! I'm not a big dessert fan but wow, the choices they offer here made me into one! The unlimited macaroons to the crepes was probably my favorite to name a few! Def worth the $50 for dinner!
3	Since my cousin was coming to Vegas for the first time, we decided to go to a buffet. We heard that the Caesar's Palace buffet recently opened (in 2012) so we decided to go. It's been a while since I've been to Vegas, but it's pretty cool that they have the queue machines now so you don't have to wait in line for hours! The price was $51/person.The thing I liked about this place was that there was a huge variety of cuisines/foods, and they're actually pretty good. However, the service killed it for me. Our waitress was horrible. However, I saw the other tables around us get a different waitress and she was super attentive. Because of this, I was a little annoyed. It took a while to get her attention to get utensils or drinks. We also ordered a pitcher of sangria, and it wasn't that good. It wasn't fruity enough or alcoholic enough. Afterwards, I went to the dessert section and it looked amazing, but didn't taste that amazing. It was good that it wasn't too sweet though. However, when they were boasting about how they have "souffle made to order" I was disappointed that they said they "ran out". When it was like 7PM. I don't think that they really ran out, rather that they didn't have it at all.Overall, I thought the food was good, but I really don't think it's worth $51/person.
2	Was there today and overall it was a disappointment.  If you are going to try it based on hearing "it's the best buffet in Las Vegas" do lunch at around 2:30 pm.  (Lunch time pricing ends at 3:00pm) It is not worth more than $38.00.. I went for the seafood.  The quality is not up to standard. There was no king crab leg, and the large crab legs they put out on the seafood cold bar for dinner (Switchover is around 3:30 where they put out more items for the dinner bar) The crab legs were skimpy and FROZEN, not thawed out. (Maybe that was punishment for budget conscious people trying to get a dinner buffet, at a lunch time price, because they might be thawed out by 8pm for the mid dinner crowd. The crab legs that were a little thawed out were waterlogged.  The "shrimp cocktail" was yellowish, and waterlogged as well.  The mussels were not fresh, and the salmon was not fresh. The buffet (with the exception of the meat counter) had a hard time keeping the hot food from being cold thus the food is not maintaining the right temperature, which might be the reason people reported getting sick from the buffet in other reviews. From the time I got from the buffet, to my table, my pork ribs were cold.  They give you this rubber grabber for getting your dishes, as they warn you the dishes are hot, but I never used that thing. Dear Bacchanal Manager-- Save money, from buying those things and invest in the seafood part of the bar. As far as the desserts go, they are cute, but tasteless, with the exception of this dark chocolate mini cake with a raspberry on top, the fruit toppings and the creme brulee was good. My first experience of gelato was in Italy, so this gelato paled in comparison. The prime rib was the best thing on the bar, so I got my money worth on that and the sushi rolls were decent.  Save yourself some money, and do not pay extra for this buffet, it's not worth it.  (If you read the other reviews carefully they did state the quality went down, so be sure when you are looking at the photos look at the year the photos were uploaded).
2	This was my first meal of the day and everything tasted pretty great up until I got sick. I started with the cold sea food, worked my way to the hot foods, then barely made it to dessert because I guess the oysters weren't fresh enough and I swear I thought I would spend my entire EDC night in the porto potty. Cold sea food: -Crab claws were still a struggle to open even if there was a premade crack, so I only attempted to eat 1 and the effort was not worth the tiny morsel of meat in there-oysters tasted ok but made me sick-ceviche was kinda skimpy with the seafood-the salmon and tuna nigiri tasted like it's been sitting out for too long-miso seabass was really good Hot food:-lamb was over seasoned and super salty at least when I had it-the sausages weren't  spectacular because it tasted like any other sausage I can get from costco-the pork was dry -king crab legs were pretty good and meaty-pho broth was surprisingly delightful compared to all the weird pho at the other buffets-the truffle in the tiny cute pot was very delicious I highly reccomended Desserts-flan was super milky and creamy which was great-best macarons out of all the other buffet macarons because it didn't taste overly artificial and still maintained the chewy texture-I wanted to try the gelato but the oysters I ate earlier didn't settle too well with me
5	BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS! My family and I are extreme foodies when we go to Vegas on vacation and we have tried pretty much every single buffet. This one beats the Bellagio, the Wynn and the Wicked Spoon.  Everything is hot and the hospitality of the servers is incredible. The passion they have is exuded in the food they create. Wish I could just live there lol
3	Ok buffet but unfortunately I do not think it is worth the price you pay.I will go through this review station by station.1) Asian Station: All of the food was decent enough and tasted like your run of the mill Chinese take out.  They did have strange pouchy things with meat in them that were ok.  Maybe I was there at a bad time, but the food tasted old.  My fiance liked it, but she is Asian.  Getting an Asian to like Asian food is like getting a dollar bill into a stripper's g-string (it isn't that hard).2) Carving Station: Brisket was very very fatty and tough.  It seemed very rushed as though they didn't have time to cook it properly or to trim the fat.  The pulled pork sliders were very good though and actually the highlight of the entire buffet.  But, the brisket was a disappointment.  I walked up to the station and said "I want some brisket" and the guy gave me a rectangle of lard and fat.  I then said "no...not lard...brisket."  Yeah...it was that bad.3) Pizza Station: The pizza was actually decent.  It was cooked in an actual pizza oven, and honestly I ate the pizza more than anything.  My fiance thumbed her nose at me thinking I was a peasant eating something so juvenile like pizza.  I needed to remind her that she did not have air conditioning until about 5 years ago....so I think our degree of class is about even at this point.4) Seafood Station: I heard there were crabs here and I was looking all over for them at this station.  No crabs....it seems the crabs were served later.  Instead they had crawfish, which were horrific (I am cajun) and some oysters (which I am not crazy enough to try).  You want to try raw oysters at a buffet then be my guest, but I will not pay for your investment in 2-ply toilet paper.  Then....suddenly....the crab legs are served!!!  People jumped on them like they had "hot and cold runnin blondes" in them.  I do not know what that saying means, but I hear rednecks say it when something seems good.  Anyway, I grabbed some crab legs.  They were cold.....like iced down cold.  Weird, but I like cold seafood...and they were already cracked open for you.  Pretty cool.  Holy crap these things were full of salt.  Tons of salt.  That is all you could taste from these crab legs was salt.  Certainly this was a mistake right?  They couldn't be this salty on purpose could they?Big disappointment, but probably one of the better buffets on the strip....which is a sad state of affairs.  Go here if you want to experience a buffet and are starving....that is the only way you will make your money back.  Apparently I lost some class street cred.....thanks Bacchanal.
4	My advice is go REALLY hungry.  The food is incredible and there are MANY different varieties of it.  I've eaten all three meals there, and you definitely get more bang for your buck at lunch.  It is expensive.  It's about $35 for lunch.  You'll pay more than that at most good restaurants in town and for much smaller portions.
4	I usually don't like going to buffets, but when you are in Vegas you gotta try one of the buffets there.  I heard from multiple people that Bacchanal is the best, so I had to try it.  The decor was just beautiful especially for a buffet place.  This place is really big and spacious.  You don't feel like a sardine like other places where they try to pack as many tables back to back.  The food was good.  I don't know if I'll come back here again, but it was definitely a good experience eating here.  There were lots of variety and stations to catered to certain types of foods, like Asian, Italian, and American.  There was a giant dessert section, it was the bomb!  So many different kinda of desserts that'll you'll want to try it all!!!  One thing that I didn't like about the desserts was the gelato.  I thought it was dumb that they served it in warm bowls!  Like by the time I got back to my table the gelato was half melting and I was probably like 20 feet or less away from the dessert station.  Food over all was decent.  I kinda thought there would be more types of food going into the buffet, but after walking making my rounds, there were as much as I hoped for.  They had a meat craving station, so a chef is craving meat right in front of you.  I wanted to try the ribs, so when I got it I wasn't expecting it to be so big!  It took up my whole plate!  When I went to eat it I felt like a lot of it was fat.  Also the only utensil they will give you is a butter knife!  That butter knife did nothing!  We asked for a real knife, but they said they aren't allow to give us any.  So I didn't even want to try ordering more of their pieces of meats at the craving station cause it was so difficult to eat.  I liked a few of the foods in the Asian section.  By the way this was for lunch buffet.  It costed about 40 before tip.  Overall not bad.  If you r in Vegas, it's a one time must try.
3	I didn't think selections were that great for the price and I really didn't like having to wait so long 10-15 mins on the line before getting to first selection on seafood line. I actually prefer bellagio.
5	Oysters and seafood bestBest tastingBy gar better than Wynn but decore isnt all so great
5	One one the best buffets i ever tasted. The line was crazy long but worth it!! So much food to choose from, not just any food TOP NOTCH quality food! I'm so glad I choose to have my Birthday dinner here, because it was one of the best things I did while visiting Vegas!
1	Fuck this place, came in at 5pm just to wait till 8:30pm and get turned away?  That is bullshit, not just for my party of 5, but for the crowd of people behind us. We pretty much got told to go somewhere else for my brother-in-laws birthday. I will forever recommend everyone I can, to avoid this place.
3	I was excited to eat here more than I was for the reason I came to Vegas in the first place. So to say that it was just a little disappointing says a lot.Priced at 35$ (or was it 39..) for lunch, I was so happy when I arrived and there was no line. Once we saw that, me and my boyfriend went in for lunch even though we had planned to get a number for dinner. I started off my plate with brisket, pasta, little burger sliders, and scalloped potatoes for my meal. I was sad that they didn't put out the little baskets of tater tots and chicken strips that I see all over the photos on yelp=(  the brisket was delicious, nice and juicy on it's own. The men behind the counter were the sweetest and definitely didn't skimp out on sizes! When I ate the scalloped potatoes....my mouth died. I love carbs, so the cheese and potatoes were so darn good..... It's soft but not too over powering with the cheese. The burger slider was eh... Didn't taste at the standards it should have like the brisket and other things I tasted. The pasta I tried was bland, I don't even remember which one it is that's how much I enjoyed it. DESSERTS: I took two rounds of desserts, ONLY because the little plates they put them on wouldn't let me get all of it at once! The mint gelato was amazing...it's crazy how it comes from a buffet but the taste and texture is nothing but high quality! The green tea cookies and chocolate chip cookies were super soft and tasteful, I got an extra handful towards the end to take with me as I left=) The mouses and cupcakes were ok, a little too sweet in my opinion but texture and presentation was beautiful.Overall, I would definitely come back! Hopefully my expectations are met when I come for dinner next time.
5	LOVE IT!!!! Best buffett in Las Vegas.... quality is amazing!!!!! Food is awesome, I cant wait to come back....
5	I treated my bridesmaids to brunch after they planned a fun and unforgettable bachelorette  weekend for me back in May 2014.  Price for the brunch buffet was a little pricey at $45 per person but wow, Bacchanal offered a pretty amazing spread!  I got my fill of the crab legs and the craving station and a little bit of everything else. Desserts were yummy: gelato and chocolate-dipped strawberries were my fave.  Quality of the food was great and brunch included free flowing champagne or mimosas to keep the party going...
3	Overhyped! Seafood is good but meats are well done & full of fat/ grizzle. Dirty dipping cups stuck together. Serious lack of service - plate racks were left empty, drinks slow to be refilled & dirty plates stacking up at my table. Then they took our dirty plates & silverware! Took 5 mins to get us clean silverware. Won't go back.
1	Not impressed with the food. We went there on a Saturday night and the place was so busy. We paid $54 per person. We thought there will king crab legs but guess what?  No king crab legs, only snow crab. It seems like the quality of the food has gone down compared to other Yelpers who posted pictures and reviews.  The lamb chops and the prime rib were tough and the sushi quality was the same as the supermarket. The oysters smelled fishy and the stone crab legs were hard to eat.  Some of the Asian hot dishes were good (roasted duck). Where were the individual fried chicken baskets? And the Mexican corn on the cob? This place was just like any other buffet now but more expensive. Yes, there were plenty of food but will not recommend anyone to go there unless you like spending money for lots of bad food.
5	My all-time favorite buffet in Vegas, hands down. I can't say enough how much I enjoyed this buffet. The choices are just superb! There's so much selection and they all taste amazing. I wish I had a second stomach just so I could eat even more. What's great about this buffet is that they have choices that people will eat. There's not many bizarre dishes that you'll wonder if you'll like or not. Their sliders are a must have. Their seafood selection is to die for. Oh the succulent Alaskan crab meat, oysters, clams...just absolutely amazing. Their dessert menu consists of a variety of gelato flavors, puddings, cakes, cookies, pastries and even a crepe station! I can't wait to be back in Vegas so I can have this buffet again!
5	So good, I mean it! So Good! I had poured over Yelp days before visiting Vegas trying to figure out if trying the buffets would be worth it, and even if I did try them which to go to. I finally caved and convinced Brandon that we had to go to Bacchanal. We went for lunch and even though their full selection wasn't available we were extremely happy with our meal. We both found plenty of items to love and I think I made the mistake of eating filling sushi first (pesky rice) which kept me from eating more of the delicious brisket. The best items I had were the sliders, prime rib, brisket and for dessert lemon sorbet. If I could go back I would just fill up on those items. (But everything is fantastic) It was one of those lunches where we ended up so full that we couldn't even think of having another bite, and weren't even hungry for the rest of the day. Writing this review I wish I could go back right now and experience it again!On top of the amazing food we had an amazing waitress who was very friendly and offered her advice on some of her favorites and was quick with drink refills and checked in on us many times throughout the meal even though the whole restaurant was crowded. Great service!! If you're in Vegas or trying to plan out your trip do not miss this buffet, even though it's expensive it is well worth it!
5	mmmmm  Big Buffet.. great food.   I have already recommended to others.  Not much other to say... look at all the reviews.  there all good!
5	"I'm usually not the Buffet type, "BUT"...... I'll make an exception for this one!" If I come to a buffet and have to wait 2 hours to get a table, "It had better be great!" Lol. "You better believe that this buffet was worth it!" Allow me skip the part where I waited 2 hours to get in. It was a weekend, during dinner hours, at Caesars Palace, and on the famous Las Vegas Strip. So, Yes..."I understand that part "VERY" well when it comes to dining!" However, "I was there to dine!"  Upon entering the buffet, I notice the setup....."GREAT!" That's not what got my attention though. What got my undivided attention was the food displays. "Fresh, well presented foods!" I'm in food heaven? Fresh juices in individual glass bottles, oysters served on the half shell, displayed on a bed of ice for you to choose, desserts fit for royalty? "Maybe!" This is how a buffet "Should" be. Oh, and did I mention the fresh crab legs that are cooked right in front of you then pulled from the steamy pot then onto your plate????  "I'm sold there!"
2	the food here is awesome. its 30$ for lunch if you want to wait 2 hours, its 50$ if you go to the express line.  Its 50$ without additional 20$ express fee after 3pm.  THE SERVICE HERE SUCKS.  we had this lady who rung us up and she absolutely didnt know what the hell she was doing.  We wanted split tabs and we were a party of 6.  She charged us gratuity when she wasnt suppose to and we ended up all standing in front of her for a dam near 15 minutes while she and her manager discussed the problem eventually being moved to another lady to complete our process.  Our waiter or buser said there wasnt unlimited mimosa.... which was a lie.. and we basically stacked our own plates left it on the floor cause she obviously didnt give a dam.  BESIDES THIS THE FOOD IS GOOD! taco sstation, seafood station, pizza, etc etc but the food was legitimately good! and the dessert section was great! my gf loved that part
2	Overrated, over priced and over hyped.After a three year hiatus from Vegas and studying a variety of reviews, articles, status updates, tweets, and listening to chatter from those who enjoyed this majestic buffet I left unimpressed. Sure it looks cool, but I'm not paying for an architectural tour. Price point wise it's the highest. It's not top shelf quality and execution. This distinction belongs to Wynn, Wicked Spoon and even Bellagio. It might be worth it if they bring their price down. Additionally, it cost me $26.95 for my four year old.When I think of any buffet I'm always partial to the carving station. To me, this is fundamental component of every good buffet. It's like when I test a great ice cream place I'm not falling for the gimmicks, bells, and whistles. I want to know how your vanilla tastes like. If it's a wedding, I don't care about your photo booth, how was your wedding cake. Well, this carving station fell short. Real short. The prime rib was extremely dry. Lacked salt and any kind of savory flavor. I even asked for an edge piece and it still lacked any depth. The brisket was a little better, but also dry too. The ribs were the best, good smoke ring.Maybe if they didn't bother with the meat and cheese spread they could have put more effort in their "American" station. The Mexican station was also disappointing. The carnitas were very dry. The agua frescas were the only redeeming parts of that station.The Asian stations, the desserts and the seafood station were probably it's best features, but for a bay area native I was not lured by their Asian offerings. If I wanted seafood I would have somewhere else. If they had a dessert buffet option price I would reconsider returning. Quality, not quantity is what's lacking. I won't be endorsing it unless you have money to throw away or want to spend most of your time at the dessert station.
5	This buffet is amazing. SO many choices you don't even know what to eat first. The only thing I wanted to comment about was that the crab claws were not cracked well enough so it was something that was hard to eat. The dim sum was okay with real chinese chefs, fresh tacos were delicious, prime rib excellent and a fabulous selection of carbs. The deserts were the BEST! The cake pops were EXCELLENT! Definitely worth the price.
5	My friends and I were making a trip to Vegas from the bay area. When it comes to buffets over here, we only have mediocre places like hometown buffet or asian buffets such as Tomi, which used to be Todai. Bleh. After asking my friends for a recommendation of where to eat, many suggest Bacchanal and I am SO glad that my group and I settled for Bacchanal. The food is outstanding and everything is high quality. It is a bit pricy. For a week day dinner, it was $55 including tax, but I still think my meal was worth it taking that most of the things I ate was seafood. :) There was seriously so much variety and different kinds of foods. There was also a meat area where they served sausages and meatballs and I could definitely tell that it was high quality and fresh. The first thing I want to do when I get back to Vegas is go to Bacchanal. o:)
1	Dinner buffet. The food look old. Crab legs and carving station look like some 9.99 buffets. Dinner is 50.99. But I would not eat here if the price was 20 bucks. I was smart enough to ask them to let me check out the food first. 5 stars for me.
3	3rd time visit:going downhill!!  but the price is still the same or increased.The price, is still the same.The wait, has changed. You now have to pre-check in at the kiosk then it'll print out a little receipt where it tells you what time to go back to the podium to check in and then wait in line to pay. We got there at 4:45 expecting a long wait.. but instead we had to do the kiosk thing and ended up eating at 7pm instead and we were in a time crunch since we had a show at 9:30pm. If we had known this early, we wouldn't have been so rushed. Anyway, so i'm giving you a heads up now.on to the food. same selection but less. looks like they cut down on the desserts. back in january i remember being able to select from 4 to 5 different mochi flavors, this time, just two. There were more ice cream / sorbets back in january, now there were only less than one row of ice cream selection... the other row was DISPLAY ONLY.the crab legs were alright. still not as meaty, however, it is better than the first time i've visited. The stone crab claws were not good - no taste. If i'm paying over $50 for buffet, i expect better quality seafood. Those crab legs need to be upgraded to fatter ones. Those skinny legs are not acceptable. I can get those crab legs at a different buffet for a much lesser price.their turn around time for plates were slow this time. There were times when there were no plates at all in almost all of the stations. i must say that this 3rd visit, was a let down. Most of the time i was just walking around thinking what I should get to eat. Nothing really stood out this time (except for their miso glazed sea bass).i'm not sure if i'll be visiting bacchanal again if they continue with this quality of food. It just wasn't as good as when they first started. If that's the case, i rather spend less money at a different buffet and eat mediocre food. why pay so much and also get [slightly above] mediocre food?
3	A little bit overrated and priced for what they offer. Liked the risotto and fresh cut salami and some desserts the best.A lot of choices tough and even have real Italian gelato.Only a couple of bad things: bread was very hard as it had been there since morning and the cold cut Mortadella was defrosted before being sliced.
4	The food was very good. We came around 10am when it was empty. The variety of food  was well developed. Definitely worth the price. Mimosas are the added benefit!
4	I think one of the best if not the best buffets in Las Vegas.  Talk about ginormous selection!  There's a seafood station with crab legs, shrimp, ceviche, oyster shooters, miso sea bass, lobster biscuits, a whole meat station with sausage, prime rib, brisket, ham and chicken, a mexican station, a whole other room that has asian food including dim sum, roast duck, chow mein and fried rice, sushi, and cold meats and cheeses, and an italian station with pizza.  Then you have dessert with a made to order crepe station, gelato, ice cream, and various desserts.  Definitely have to pace yourself so you can try a little bit of everything.  I really think this is one of the buffets in Las Vegas that has the most variety and everything was pretty tasty considering it was a buffet!  July 4th brunch was $53 a person so it's not cheap but definitely worth a visit.  Wait wasn't too long for 3...came at around 10:30.  You check in electronically and they will text you when it's ready.
4	The wait is quite long; however the food is worth it.  They also hike up the prices during holiday weekends.  The select is remarkable, and the food is served fresh.  It is one of the best buffet around.  If the wait was not so long, it would give it more stars.  But as I stated before, the food is well worth it.
5	One if the best buffet I've been to so far. Almost can't say anything bad about this place. They food is quality and has a nice fancy feel. The place is huge and can seat a lot of people so even if the line looks long it might not be a long wait.
3	For the price we paid for, like $65 per person (went on July 4), I'd assume that we'd get fed gourmet dishes and free beer. Didn't realize that you'd still have to pay for the beer, I was kind of sad about that haha. Let's start with the pros. The dessert station was like a candy land. It was HUGE. My eyes lit up when I saw the gelato station (or ice cream, I have no idea), cake pops, cheesecakes, pies, oh my so much more. A lot of variety in dessert. My favorites were the ice cream/gelato, cheesecake and the cupcakes. The cupcakes were especially cute and decorated well :D I tried the macaron but it was a bit too sweet for me. I was excited with the cake pops, but.... It jut didn't have he right taste or feel..... To it. Next let's talk stations. They have a good variety of Asian, Mexican, seafood, Italian, american, salad and bread/cheese.The "dim sum" was too dry for me. The noodles were bland to me too. The Italian pizza was too sweet (weird right?) and the meatball had a weird texture to it. The salad was fresh. However the meat was dry for me. Let's talk service now. The cashier that rang us up was sassy and didn't really know what was going on. She told us to go back to the woman at the line even though it was obvious that we already went through her and was sent over to the cash registers.... The waitresses were nice and attentive to us, which was good. Overall, if we paid $30 I would be satisfied with the experience, but knowing that this is a 4 star and $65, my expectations were higher.
5	Overcrowded, but well worth the wait. You get what you pay for and this place is worth every cent.
4	Update:  They implemented a new way to check into the buffet.  There's 4 touchscreen computers for you to enter your party size.  You'll receive a ticket which indicates what time you will need to come back to the hostess line (the one on the left with the pretty hostess).EG: 4th of July Saturday, I grabbed my ticket at 410pm.  Ticket says come back at 5:55pm.  I was texted at 515pm to start lining up at the hostess line.  About 6pm is when I will make it to the front (I'm writing this as I wait in line).
2	let me sart by saying WAY over priced buffet. its good food but not great for $31 pp for lunch. WOW.  the tacos were good, crapes great, fruit not ripe, sald bar a joke. seafood station never stocked up, with 4 cooks back there,  the chiplote clams were good, but most of the calms were not open. I will not be ever going back there, there are better buffets for  locals in Vegas.
5	A very impressive buffet with everything you can want and more. The buffet options are not typical buffet quality... they are higher than average for sure. Each genre of food is good enough for you to just enjoy that one for the entire meal. Plan on being a while if you want to enjoy and sample the various options.
2	Tried this buffet today and mannn was it expensive! It was $53 per person because it was Fourth of July weekend. I highly recommend signing up for the total rewards card which will give you  discount on all the restaurants and shops inside the hotel and other sister hotels. It's completely free and you can accumulate points. It was $49 person after the discount. I was really disappointed because it was not that great, especially for the price! Food was mediocre and the selection was not that great. I like the wicked spoon at Cosmo a lot more. However I did love the virtual line system they have. They text you when your table is ready so you don't have to wait in a long line. You can lose more money in the casino in the mean time ;)I also saw singer Miguel at the buffet! Made my day! Even famous people like eating at the Vegas buffets :)
2	First time I tried.  It was awesome. But this time it is actually not good.  They also increase the price for 4th July holiday. But the food was worse. Oysters were not fresh. King crabs are small.  We were really disappointed. For almost $70 a person. Totally not worth it. Stay away for good.
1	This Buffet is a 1.5 , I refuse to give it a 2. The service is always great. They got the decent crab legs and ribs. Everything else goes down hill from there. Craw fish has no taste (anyone can cook better!), you can have better string beans in a carryout restaurant than the ones here which taste almost rotten, sushi bar sushi is simply salmon and tuna, an $8 all you can eat local buffet has more sushi selection, and makes much better sushi. Don't get me wrong, this buffet is extremely busy and popular, and just because of that, even when the quality is poor, they will always have the demend. I waited 5 minutes in the Vip line, I can't picture myself to  wait more than 15 minutes in the regular line for this. Its just not worth it. If you want buffet, Planet Hollywood buffet has better tasting food. Also try Todoi Seafood buffet, it's many times better.
4	I didn't expect there to be an hour wait on a Sunday night around 9!It was also still 4th of July pricing so it was 60.99/person. We ended up only waiting about 30 min to wait in line to get seated. Food was good especially the steamed crab legs.They have a wide variety of food and desserts. I was expected for the desserts but was a little disappointed when I tried them. The nutella crunch gelato on a cone was really good. I had 2. :)Service was good.
2	Thinking of going to buffet at Caesars Palace? Make sure you check in at least 4 hours ahead. I checked in around 7pm and waiting time was 270 minutes. (See my photo). I eventually checked in early with vip access pass. Regular buffet price is approximately $60 per person. My suggestion? Its not worth it. Food was good as any other restaurant with half the price. I give C- for service. Once was good enough. I have no plans for next visit.
5	The one buffet in Vegas that you really need to go to is Bacchanal!! By far the best buffet I have ever been to, ever! This place is amazing, it has such a variety of food and the quality is amazing. It has a very modern look to it and is massive. It is pricey at like $50 or $60 per person and the wait is long, but totally worth it =] To get your moneys worth, you need to eat at least 5 plates minimum, not including dessert or crab legs!!Everything tastes amazing and fresh and just delicious. I just can't say anything bad about this place. I can't wait to come back again and stuff my face with all this yummy goodness!!
4	For years we had gone to Wicked Spoon cause quite frankly, we have never walked out disappointed. Prior to my last trip to Vegas, I scoured Yelp for Vegas Must Eats and although my heart was set on another Wicked visit, the reviews for Baccahanal compelled me to switch it up. As expected, the wait was long at about 6PM and the staff moved the line as efficiently as they could. For an extra $20, you can bypass the wait, but considering the buffet was already $50++ , we opted to starve just a little bit longer.  What I do like is that you check in, and they give you a time slot to return, and even shoot you a text, so that you arent in line for the 60+ minutes.Once inside, we walked straight to the buffet lines and their selection was very impressive. All sorts of fou fou, rustic, traditional, new american type for as far as the eye can see and nose can smell.  On my first run, I had two plates heaping with food, and everything from the meat carving station of course. To my disappointment, however, they didn't offer the infamous rib eye. I was moreso saddened by its unavailability since my friends and reviews had it built up so much in my head. Nonetheless, they offered tri tip, ribs, lamb and prime rib. I had a little bit of everything, and although nothing stood out to me as stellar, everything I ate was pretty good. Love their dessert station too. Their options are abundantly confusing although their ice cream didn't come close to Wicked's in texture. Weird I know. Overall though, I nearly tried every single item in that station and was impressed.Definitely glad I stepped out of my Wicked comfort zone since we all left happy and painfully plump.
3	I went exactly at 8:00AM on a Saturday morning to avoid the lines. My boyfriend had raved about this place, and I was REALLY looking forward to this since I love brunch and breakfast foods. I was pretty disappointed. The selection was definitely overwhelming which I appreciated. I was really excited for the crab claws, lobster eggs Benedict, and a Mexican-inspired dish with a tortilla, egg, and chorizo. The lobster claw, when I bit into it, was FROZEN. I literally bit into it, and water filled my mouth, and I almost gagged. The lobster eggs Benedict was lukewarm, even though I was one of the first people to grab one. And the chorizo disk was sub-par. I did however really enjoy the waffles. I must have eaten 5 of them, I enjoyed them so much. The sweet potato tots were also quite tasty. The rest of the breakfast fare was fine enough. I definitely do not think it was worth the high price tag, however.
4	What a great new buffet the Bellagio open last year 2013. This place look very fancy front the outside and on the inside. When you go inside the buffet line they have many variety station from seafood, Mexican, American, and Asian. For seafood they served crab legs, shrimps, oysters, crawfish, salmon, etc. for the other stand out station American had steak, Mexcian had tacos, and Asian had sushi, noodles, and some dim sum dishes. The desert station was so amazing that it has everything single desert you can think of from ice cream, to specialty cakes, to snow flake ice cream. I sure def made my $50 worth especially hitting up the crab legs multiple times. Make it count!
4	The good news is that they have kept their quality high and added gelato to the dessert buffet. I think there were six flavors. The bad news is that their prices got a bit higher. Guess quality has to be paid for, does not come free. Will continue with the four star rating. I think Bellagio and Mandalay Bay are better values for the money.
5	Fantastic place. All kinds of options. Long lines on the good stuff. So when your looking to see what looks the best I would recommend just follow the line of people.  Great past and seafood options. Service is great the staff takes pride in what they do. Desert time is always my favorite. And here the little pies and stuff topped off the meal well
4	My brothers and I are dinner around 630 pm after registering for a ticket to wait in line for the buffet. (Note: there's two steps to get into the buffet; (1) enter contact and party info into kiosk and wait for a buzz on your phone or whatever way of contact and (2) get your ticket marked by worker and then wait in line pay and then wait again until your table is open.) I believe this process took 2 hours on a holiday weekend.The food overall was just about the same since last time although they didn't have black chicken soup that enjoyed last time. I recommend trying the various juices such as pineapple, strawberry, and hibiscus. There juices were natural light, refreshing, and not too sweet. One item I really enjoyed was the miso sea bass in the seafood section. It was hot, flaky, and deliciously full of flavor. I actually went back immediately for another portion. Another item I liked was in the dessert section; a light fluffy tropical cake was one my favorite dessert. I recommend drinking tea with this dessert.As usual, the food tasted great but was pretty expensive. I wished I had the stomach of Joey Chestnut so that I can truly earn my money's worth but realistically we all know that is impossible.Be prepared everyone...be very prepared so that you can sample everything on the menu.
5	Third time eating at this buffet mecca this past 4th of July weekend. This buffet embodies the word massive (in food selection, gluttony, and flavor) so if you are only going to eat at one buffet in Vegas, this is the one to try.Wait: They recently installed a kiosk system, giving you a time when your table will be ready. If you choose to go this route (HIGHLY RECOMMENDED), it frees you up to go gamble, relax, or putting on loose fitting clothes. This new system erased my previous main gripe about this place - the lines.Price: This is one of Vegas' most expensive buffets, so be prepared to pay $35/person for lunch and $45 for dinner ($50 on the weekends). For those doing the 24-hour Buffet of Buffets, it is a $15 charge per trip, per person to eat here. For best bang-for-your buck, aim for a 2 - 3 PM arrival, so you can catch some of the dinner foods at a lunch price. This place, as with most other Vegas buffets, will charge you extra on holidays and their corresponding weekends (Memorial, 4th of July, Labor, Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Years are the ones I remember them mentioning).Food Highlights:You really can't go wrong with anything here. This is a rarity for buffets, which I have found to be largely "meh" with a few sprinkled good dishes. It WILL take multiple trips and many hours to explore their vast selection. Here are my favorites:- The Seafood section, which includes selections such as snow and steamed crabs, fresh oysters, and various seafood concoctions are a must try, as are the many selections at the carving station. Quality is much higher than those at other buffets.- The TACO STATION is delicious! I love Mexican food and these were taco truck at 3 AM good!- Your Asian and American foods are definitely a cut above others in terms of quality. I did find some of the foods to be on the salty side, however.- The fresh squeezed juices (I believe 5 different kinds) are unique to this buffet. We came on a Sunday, so we were also able to take advantage of mimosas at no extra charge.- The desserts here are the best in Vegas, no comparison. Tiramisu, creme brulee, macarons, and mochi ice cream are some of the more gourmet desserts that make this the highlight station.Overall:  This buffet's selection and quality is definitely a cut above the others that I have recently tried. The dessert station here itself is worth the price of admission and makes this place worth checking out. I'm not sure if it's worth the holiday pricing, but it is worth the regular prices or the $15 Buffet of Buffets add-on. If you only have the time, budget, or stomach space for one buffet, make it Bacchanal, the God of Buffets.
2	This used to be my favorite but not anymore. I went on July 4th weekday dinner and I was disappointed in the lack of culinary selections. The dessert section is fabulous, atmosphere is great, staff is friendly and attentive. But the food (and price) aren't worth it anymore. Who knows maybe they were having a bad day but I'm not going to pay $50 to find out again.
4	Now this is a world class buffet! I'm a big buffet lover so we made a beeline for this after hearing the rave reviews. We went on a Friday afternoon for lunch, around 2PM I think, and we only had to wait in-line for maybe 10 minutes. The restaurant is absolutely gigantic, and they have the biggest selection of food at a Vegas buffet. All of the stations are in a row at one side of the buffet, and you could easly just walk through the entire thing at once, but I personally prefer working station by station. We startet at the Asian station, and they had a vast selection, and I have to say that everything I tried was absolutely delicious! Next was the Italian station which was a bit smaller, with a selection of pasta and pizza. Moving on to the Mexican station, where you have a selection of toppings/sides, and a person frying up the meat you want in a burrito wrap. Not to mention, as many as you want! Second to last was the American/BBQ station, which I think was the biggest one. There was a carving station with a selection of warm meats, and the brisket was just beyond yummy! You can also choose any type of potato your heart desires, and then there's the selection of small, random things, like delicious sliders and sweet corn. The last station (or first, depends on where you start) is the seafood station. We didn't get anything there, but the station was very inviting and it looked like they had tons of fresh picks for the seafood and shellfish lover. In the middle of the room you find a big dessert station that you can walk around completly. In all honesty, I was a bit dissapointed. I'm a big chocolate lover, and they only had a few chocolate picks. I actually had a little sugarfree sticky cake type thing, and I would have never known it was sugarfree. They also have tons of ice cream, and they'll make you a cone with the flavours you want.Now, the staff. I think I would say that this is the least friendly staff we found at a strip establishment on this trip. They weren't rude or anything, but it seemed like most of them hated their jobs and didn't try to hide it. It's probably a pretty crappy place to work with all the guests that come through, but still. One thing I would recommend is that if you like a certain station, get smaller portions and then come back later in your meal. They change up the selection all the time, and when they're out of one dish they replace it with something else (atleast in the dessert and grill stations). It may seem obvious if you think of the fact that they serve about 500 dishes every day, but we didn't really think it through and saw lots of exciting dishes that we hadn't tried on the way out. The room is very airy and spacious, and there are glass walls out towards the pool and the garden.All in all I think this may be my favorite Vegas buffet. I'm not sure it's the best tasting food (I think I'll have to go with the Wynn buffet on that one), but the sheer selection makes it incredible. Will definetly be coming back!I recommend coming for lunch, and on a weekday. We walked past Saturday night, and the lines were insane. Everything is also cheaper on the weekdays, and I think we paid about 35 USD pp for lunch, and I think it's 10-15 USD more on the weekend.
4	The buffet gives you much variety of food to choose from thr only downside is the food could be warmer.
5	Raises the standard for Vegas buffets. We were big fans of the Wynn and Bellagio buffets and visited Bacchannal and Wicked Spoon on our most recent trip. What really impressed us was the service we had. We had a gentleman by the name of Miguel and he was absolutely outstanding and similar to service at more traditional "fancy"  sit down restaurants.  We did not have to ask for things he just made it "happen" so to speak like he was reading our minds.Some highlights included:  Crab Won tons, prime rib and the scalloped potatoes.Comparison vs Wicked SpoonPros: Has a wider variety of food. The number of food stations here is absolutely amazing. They even had a Taquero and Horchata which was funny for this California Hispanic boy. About the Same: The quality of food. They both had cracked snow crab legs which are always popular. The both had some different options but for the most part everything was "good" to "very good". The dessert options were both about the same as well. Negatives: Long Lines, and it's a little more expensive than the other buffets but given the service and variety I think it's reasonable.Also the Horchata was not cold enough and the Churros at the dessert bar were not kept "warm " enough .
4	Sadly, the quality at Bacchanal has dwindled since it started. The biggest hit is supposed to be the fresh oysters, but they were nasty as hell when I went. However, the best seafood dish would be the hot crab legs! Don't even have to wait in a line AND you're given a FULL plate! Best thing in the whole buffet!Also, the juices! No, I don't mean the juices offered by the waiters. I'm talking about the ones at the station: guava, pineapple, horchata (not a juice but w/e), etc. These are soooo good, and you definitely can't find these at other places.The copious amounts of desserts are also not to be messed with. So many choices of gelato are available! They even added shaved ice (hawaiian ice style) to the mix as well with toppings such as red beans, popping boba, and mochi. Overall, the food and selection is great! But, the quality is not as good as when it first started.
4	This buffet is too darn big to write a detailed review. Is it expensive? Yes. But did you expect any less than $50 a person in Vegas anyway? Luckily, my boyfriend and I chose to go on a weekday, so there was no wait. It was basically like we had the buffet to ourselves which was awesome. We arrived at the perfect time. Breakfast was ending and lunch was starting. The seating area is fancy and they give you little rubber plate holders :) I love souvenirs. They break it down by sections, obviously. First was seafood/breakfast seafood (lobster benedict, etc.) then a bunch of different meats (steaks, sausages, etc.) then after that I just don't remember specifically. Like I said, this buffet is huge. I was disappointed at first. I was like, this is it? My boyfriend came back with a slider (my favorite food in the world) and I was like, "Where did you get that?" --He said, "You didn't turn the corner, did you?" No, no I did not. But when I did, there's cheeses, breads, italian food, asian food, FRESH SUSHI!!, and a DIY ramen station. OMG this place. I would definitely come back. The table service is amazing, my water was never empty. Plates were always cleared quickly. WIN. Bacchanal : 1 , Janelle: 0
4	Long lines! Pay extra and ditch the line
5	Use to go to the Wynn BuffetNow I am going bothI woudn't be able to choose which one is the bestFood is excellent and variousLOVE IT
3	Let's call this place for what it really is, honestly a little overhyped.  Yes, the oysters are all you can eat, but I can hardly bring myself to call those dry morsels "oysters".  I tried to taste as many different items as I could, but went HAM on the oysters and crab legs, a trait instilled in me by my frugal Asian heritage.Although I am very salty about the oysters, the crab legs were, well, crab legs.  I like to get a small cup of melted butter and amass a huge collection of crab meat, then mix the concoction and gorge on my delectable creation.Other great contenders were the Potatoes with truffle shavings, and lobster soup.  The desserts were also plentiful and tasty, but dear lord in heaven what the hell are those things they call Macaroons?Tasteless, dry and god awful, these macaroons left a salty taste in my mouth much like Napoleon felt after the Battle of Waterloo.I regret not trying out the warm crab legs that were only available upon request at the Italian station.  Also, the sushi sucked, if I'm paying upwards of $60 for this buffet, I think I can damn request some decent sushi.All things considered, Bacchanal Buffet IS very impressive, but in my opinion, overhyped for the price they charge.  Aside from some few unique dishes, the overall experience does not live up to the expectations that I feel were set by other respectable reviews.That being said, if you have a little extra money to spend or profit a lot from your blackjack winnings in Vegas, do try the Bacchanal Buffet at least once in your life!  I do not think I will be returning anytime soon, for I am just a poor boy and nobody loves me. (He's just a poor boy from a poor family).
5	Can't really complain about the food.  It's one fo the best buffets I've been to.  Note for those wanting crab legs: there's a long line for the cold crab legs on the seafood bar, but go to the Italian section for hot crab legs.  No line there.
5	Wow, this restaurant is worth every cent my family and I paid. Everything is so delicious. The food is plentiful and very high quality. It was better than I expected. So many options to satisfy your taste buds with every option being delicious. I highly recommend eating here. Next time I visit the strip I will be back.
5	Holy crap! There was food everywhere. And good food. I went in for the seafood first. After two heaping plates of crab legs, I was worried I overloaded myself on so much seafood that I wouldn't be able to enjoy the meats. Nope. I was good for another plate from the meat carving station where the prime rib and brisket were aaaawesome. Throughout, I dabbled around in the different areas (Asian, Latin, Italian) for bites of different sides. You know it's a good buffet when you skip the mac-n-cheese! We started at around 8:30pm and closed them down at 10:00pm. Admittedly, it was a little late to eat but actually ended up being perfect since we didn't have to wait in long lines and I could go straight to bed after eating myself into disrepair. If you're going to go to a buffet, you might as well make an event of it, and Bacchanal is the perfect place to do just that.
4	Arguably best buffet in vegas.  Large selection of seafood, sushi and salads.  A bit overpriced but I will return.  Make sure you see all the foods as paet of the buffet is a bit hidden.  If you are not a big seafood fan then you are probably overpaying.
5	Go earlier so you don't have to wait a long time. There such a huge selection here!!! Some is good and some isn't, but there's so many choices to chose from.I def ate my money's worth in crab legs. Yum!!! I was too full by my 2nd round, I didn't even get to see what else they had. :"(
5	Best buffet in Vegas! Their selection is huge! Their plating, food presentations are great. Food is excellent!!! I have a sweet tooth so I loved their dessert section. So many choices! The ambience is really nice. Worth every penny!
3	Pros: lot's of choicesCons: priceI have to agree with a lot of other reviewers here on the quality/price vs other Vegas buffets. It's way overpriced. The food selection was pretty awesome and the quality was good, but not enough to make it worth the $. Out of the 3 I've been to so far, The Wynn is the top on my list so far. Went at 4 in the afternoon, and walked right in.
2	I came in with very high expectations and left unsatisfied. I expected high quality food, but found many dishes to be disappointing. Their chicken for the chicken and waffles and the brisket were slightly on the dry side. There were plenty of other dishes to choose from, but nothing really stood out as amazing. The desserts were pretty impressive, but I didn't get a chance to try a lot of them. To be honest, this kind of food might have been acceptable for any buffet, but after waiting 2 and a half hours to get in and paying 50 dollars, I regret going to this buffet more than I regret losing money on the slot machines.
1	Whack. At 52 dollars a person I would expect better. The line is very long. I had to wait over 2 hours and another 30 minutes to get to the seafood line. The ribs were burnt. The beef brisket was too salty. The shrimps were good. The taco station was good. They make parties with handicapped persons wait in line.  It was not worth the money and especially the time for this place.
5	We arrived early on Sunday morning to beat the crowd. I am glad we did. The interior is beautiful. There are three sections: glass, wood and metal. Each area is large and filled with natural sunlight. A nice chAnge from the other buffets around town that are dark, stuffy and filled smoke.We sat near the dessert section that had array of cookies, cakes and puddings. Nice selections but We were not able to try anything because we ate so much of the other dishes.  There was a wide range of foods, many u don't see at other places in town.  Such as eggs on top of rib eye, chorizo con papas, hummus, chicken verde, various watermelon, cucumber juice......there were so many different foods I can not do it justice. There basically two different areas with food.The staff behind the food was friendly and our waitress was attentive and friendly. Though the buffet was busy, the noise level was low.If you want to treat yourself go for it.....the price is a little high but it was well worth the price.
5	The Bacchanal Buffet was a great experience with my wife and family. We were all in vegas this past weekend and wanted to eat here to celebrate my sister's birthday. I was running late to meet up with my parents and sister and husband. So they waited in line first. They told me that you had to grab a ticket to reserve a time to come back since there was a long wait or you could pay $20 plus the dinner price (around $53) just to not wait the 2 hours and wait in line. So they were waiting in line around 6:15PM on a Saturday. My wife, her parents and I finally met up with my family in front of the buffet. I saw that they had a separate line for the total rewards members; a seven stars, diamond and platinum line and a regular line to wait. This was the first time I got to use my diamond players card to my advantage. There wasn't anyone in the diamond line so I walked right up. The worker called me and we basically just had to pay and walked right into the buffet. No waiting at all! This was the best use of my diamond card and started off the Bacchanal Buffet experience on a good note!We were seated right at the front. I believe they seat the higher card holder members in their own area. So there was 8 of us and they gave us a nice 8 person table with a great location next to the seafood kitchen at the front of the buffet. The worker told us all the different kitchens and locations. The buffet is huge! You walk to the back of the buffet and turn the corner and they have 2 other kitchen areas to eat at. The asian kitchen had some really good food. They had duck and dim sum and ramen/udon/pho. They also had sushi there and steamed crabs that were really fresh. I got the steamed crabs and the worker was really nice. The steamed crabs are brought out in pots so if they run out they have to make more and you just have to wait or come back for the next batch. They have an american and italian section. The wagyu beef sliders were so good! A definite must try! The meat kitchen had so much good food. They had lamb chops, ribs, prime rib, and other goodness. They had little bottles of juice. The horchata was delicious! The seafood kitchen had oysters, cold crab legs and shrimp and some fish. There was so much food to choose from. I would definitely come back to try out more food as there was way too much good food to choose from. The dessert area had really good desserts as well. They had shave ice with different flavors and topping to put on it. The popping pearls were surprisingly delicious!The buffet is decorated really nicely. They have lots of glass decorations everywhere and like a glass wall in the front. The buffet is really open and feels really big. The food selection is great and gives you a lot of choices to cater to different tastes. This is probably my #1 buffet now in vegas. The buffet is pretty pricey though with dinner around $53 a person. But this experience was definitely worth it and the food was excellent!If you eat here with someone who is a platinum, diamond or seven stars member, make sure to use the benefits and cut the line!
2	It's really not worth coming here unless you can eat and enjoy seafood.I came here with 3 others, and only 1 of us could indulge freely in seafood. Nearly all the buffet dishes had "too" much of something. Too sweet, too salty, too greasy, too dry. Their pizza was disgustingly salty. How in the world do you fail a dish as basic as pizza? I've had better pizza at my college dining common lol. The thing I enjoyed most was their cold bean salad, which is kind of sad. On the bright side, their seafood is very fresh. I normally steer clear of seafood because it either gives me heartburn or makes me sick to my stomach, but I chanced one raw oyster and I was fine after.  Our server had an attitude and deliberately avoided cleaning our table. I'd see him pass by and eye the dishes that need to be taken away, and then walk over to another nearby table instead.We came in at 10:30am and got to experience some lunch items at breakfast price. I was super disappointed to hear that the lamb doesn't come out until 3:00pm. But whatever because their prime rib had a tough texture and was salty so I doubt the lamb could be any better. I doubt I would ever come here again unless I'm not the one paying.
2	Alright, I was super excited to try Baccahanal, but it failed my expectations.  The variety of stuff was ok.  There was really nothing I went back for seconds.  I think the best thing was the tacos.  It was nice to see them making the street tacos the authentic way.  The lines were long for it but they were worth it.  The sushi was ok, not much flavor and it was the same for all the asian section.  The shrimp cocktail was ok .The dessert section was nice, and had a lot of variety.  A lot of what I wanted was all gone and I waited a while for them to restock.  I waited maybe 20 minutes and it wasnt restocked yet so I asked one of the gals who was working the dessert section if I could have one since I saw it on the middle island.  The crepe was yummy.  The gentleman who was making the crepe was super nice and friendly.  He was making conversation with everyone while he was making the crepes. Wicked spoon was so much better.  More variety and better flavors.
5	Fave buffet in Vegas so far...* YES - 15-minute-only wait for champagne weekend brunch?  We got LUCKY!* YES - Cuisines from around the world (wish they had more sushi though)* YES - Table service for all-you-can drink* YES - They provide funny little rubber "clips" to help hold extremely hot plates* YES - Great for groups* COO - Fresh-squeezed & bottled juices station, ie: watermelon or tropical fruits (see pic)* COO - They had a mini shaved ice station!  Right next to gelato display* WOA (words of advice):- Casual setting- Weekday differs from weekend prices- Reservation touch-screen stands available for $20 fee to avoid long waits- Platinum/Diamond status get priority (of course)Only wish I had more room to eat a 6th plate...
4	Best buffet I've been to in Vegas, but it's very expensive. Long lines to get in. I'd get the players card and move up levels to avoid the wait, but I hate the hotel, the employees and the clientele here. I'd rather keep staying at a classy place like Bellagio with classy staff, hotel and clientele and just wait in the line. It's worth one trip just to eat here, but not 2.
5	I loved this buffet it was amazing! I didn't eat anything I didn't like. The Mexican Food was Amazing! I really enjoyed how easy it was to check in so that you are not waiting in this long line. We went and checked in by this tablet thing then it sends you a text to come back when they are ready. GENIUS!!!!
5	Can I just live here? All I need is a shower and a closet for my clothes/shoes and I would NEVER leave. Why would you? They have EVERYTHING. Dim Sum, Taco Bar, Carving Station, Make-Your-Own-Charcuterie-Board, Pasta & Pizza, and endless desserts! I went twice in one week... (Oh, gluttony.) And on the plus side, I like that during lunch they offer a good range of seafood, unlike other buffets. If you're like my parents, you could go in at the tail-end of lunch and stick it out until they roll out some of the dinner items. You also end up saving a few dollars!
3	(This review is for DINNER.)Was the food tasty and well-presented? Yes.Was the selection of artisanal ice cream for dessert excellent? Yes.Is it worth $55? Perhaps once, to say you did it, but I wouldn't go back.For $55 you'd expect some pretty serious cuisine. Sure, the sliders are cute, but burgers for $55? Even the poke is heavy on the salmon and light on the tuna. Frankly, the only food that can really justify the price is the delicious Blue Point oysters, but they put them out so slowly you have to hang around the serving table what seems like forever in order to get more than one or two. Additionally, the decor is puzzlingly pedestrian...after all the glitzy lighting at the entrance, the interior has a kind of dark-wood 1970s feel, like an upscale Golden Corral. Verdict: Nothing wrong with it...but it feels like a $30-35 buffet, not a $55 buffet.
4	I can't complain about the price as a friend treated us so it was all good. There was a wait, but this was for dinner and I am guessing it is always packed like this. Once we got it, it was a breeze to get our food and there are a lot of options. If you love seafood, you will love this place as there is seafood galore. I am not much of a seafood fan, but I was satisfied with what I ate and the quality of the food.
5	This buffet is never ending!!! It's so big you could get lost! There's so many options and didn't things to eat. The tacos were my favorite thing to eat. They had a little but if everything. I'm going back next time I'm there.
5	Still my favorite buffet!unfortunately they have cut down their gelato selection to a quarter of what it used to be.  an improvement is the electronic waiting system where it texts you when you should come back and get in the line, very convenient! Favorites included:- shrimp and cheesy grits- selection of salsas- fresh pineapple and watermelon juice- cheesy tots- SUPER DELICIOUS CHICKEN and waffles- corn bread- ceviche- fresh donuts with banana and syrup- basil and sundried tomato pasta- SEAFOOD RISOTTO (or was it a paella?) - lobster benedict- BISCUITS- nutella gelatoDon't waste your time: - red velvet pancakes (dry and tasteless)- salty green beansDefinitely master the technique of having a eating partner so that you can split the small plates (they add up and make you full if you eat all of it alone) so you guys can try more foods.   honestly I did not have room for more, otherwise I would have expanded into the congee and dim sum section.
5	Great choice of good quality food, around 100m offering different kind of food -  oysters, pizza, sushi, desserts.. Worth a visit if u are in Vegas.
3	I came for lunch with my asian family of 6 adults. The food is good.. There are many kind of food. The sushi sucks (not fresh, not delicious and not many choices). The service is good. The environment is comfortable. We have eaten better buffet out of Las Vegas.
4	Probably the best buffet out of all the casinos. The selection seems endless with hundreds of items to choose from. The average price for dinner is like $55 so you better get your monies worth. I certainly did. The biggest line inside the buffet is always at the fresh crab station, but I love to go to the back of the buffet where there is boiling crab. The crabs are split in half so it makes getting to the meat real easy and plentiful. A bowl full of garlic butter and $300 dollars worth of crab legs on your plate always makes this place worth it for $55. They have many other stations like Chinese, Italian, American and Mexican. None of these stations have anything on the main stations of Seafood and dessert. The gelato at the dessert bar is perfect soft and sweet, I slammed home so much of it. Best buffet for a buffet experience. Sometimes you get a buffet itch or curiosity and this places definitely scratches it.
5	This place is expensive but was so worth it. Food is good service also very good. Clean n friendly staffs. If u don't have a player card u have a long wait so get there before 5:30 pm then u don't gave to wait. Food they have a lots of varieties n the desert was amazing.
5	May be a bit pricey! Spent $250. For 4. But I will go out on a limb and say that this is one of the best place that I've he ever had a buffet at. The food is the best I've tasted & it is well taken care of. the food was actually hot instead of just warm. they also have 5 different sections of food to chose from not including dessert. if your looking for a great hostess, ask for Lupe G. She is outstanding and takes very good care of you. hope this helps with anyone's food decision.
1	We stopped in during our vacation in Las Vegas, on the recommendation of several friends who had been there in the last 2 to 3 years. It was a disaster, being too expensive and the food was terrible. Plus, it seemed that there was some ingredient in the food that made us feel full. We usually eat 3 times what we did at this "international" buffet.First, we had to get instructions, from a woman, who told us that we had to go to a kiosk and get a ticket. The ticket told us, that we had to wait 61 minutes, before we could get in the line to buy into the international buffet.. We were in that line for 30 minutes, before we got to the teller that wanted $58.00 per person to eat at the "international" buffet. Took us at least 20 minutes to pay her. So after 2 hours we finally got to our seats and started to get some food. I waited at the table while the other 2 went and got food, no one approached me during that 15 minute wait. They looked happy about their selection, so off I went to find something to eat. So 2 hours and 15 minutes later, I'm searching for food.Second, walking down the food line, I searched through the crowd for items I might be interested in, not much caught my eye. After walking almost a block and half, I got to the beginning of the food line. Picked out some beef pepper steak, scalloped potatoes, some green beans, crab rangoons, fried asparagus and waffle wrapped chicken. Got back to my seat after 20 minutes of walking the food line. Now, 2 hours and 35 minutes have passed. The beef pepper steak, green beans and fried asparagus were all cold. Scalloped potatoes were tasty and hot. The crab rangoons had no crab in them, just cream cheese. The waffle wrapped chicken was hot, but the waffle part tasted awful,l so I peeled it off the partial chicken breast piece and ate the hot tasteless chicken. My friends had each gotten some sliders, which weren't there when I walked through, they said that the sliders were good. They also got some prime rib, of which, one got some almost raw meat and the other had to have it cooked a lot more. I couldn't get any prime rib on the first time through, as too many people were crowding the station. They each also got some cheese/sauce covered chicken breast filets, they said they were good. There weren't any either time I walked the food line. A waitress had brought drinks to the table while I was away. As I was eating my friends went back through the food line and came back to the table with some other food. Then I went a second time to get some food. There were some sliders, this time, and I was able to get some prime rib, which was now cooked a lot more. As I was leaving the "meat window", they brought out some HOT sweet potato tots which were great hot. Got some watermelon too. My friends didn't eat much of what they got the second time, complaining of being full. I ate my prime rib, which was tender, but tasteless, after salt and peppering it,  I managed to get it down before it went cold. By this time my sliders were cold and the meat was raw, so I didn't eat them. I was starting to feel full too. I ate my watermelon and my friends went and tried some desserts, which there were unable to finish because of being too full. While I was getting my second plate, a waitress came by and left some receipts for the sodas at $6.00 each. On the receipt was a note that we were requited to limit our "dining experience" to 2 hours. Each time they refilled our glasses we got more and more ice and less and less soda.There were mashed potatoes and gravy, 4 kinds of pizza, crab legs, muscles and shrimp on ice and all sorts of breads. I think that there were baked potatoes, but not sure. They had oyster shooters and some salad makings. I could not find any hot shrimp dishes, either breaded fried or stir-fried with or without veggies. Maybe hot/warm shrimp is a supper item.In conclusion, we got charged $192.00 (3 of us) for waiting in line for 2 hours and 35 minutes to eat terrible cold food and raw meat and be filled up on eating so much less food than either of us was used to eating. I would recommend that you skip this "international" buffet and go anywhere else. If you like cold crab legs and cold muscles, I recommend getting a "Caesar's player's card" or a "buffet of buffets pass". At least your culinary disaster will be cheaper than ours.
5	Never had a chance to eat at a buffet in Vegas so I went for the first time yesterday. Bacchanal buffet was really good with a lot of selections ranging from seafood, meats, American, Italian, salad, to Asian food. I really wish I was able to try everything but my stomach didn't let me. I tried a little of the stuff I wanted to try but definitely wasted a lot of food. Yea... I'm definitely regretting not eating that much now that I'm back in LA and craving for that buffet food haha. Will definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas! Wish it wasn't so expensive but oh well... Come hungry!
4	The top 3 buffets along the strips along with wicked spoon and Wynns buffet.  The price is very high at $52 a person. This place does have the most food though compared to the other two. One must not eat 7-8 hours prior to going here for dinner. The wait can be 30-45 minutes if arriving after 6:30pm. A must try for anyone visiting vegas. I think I gained 5 lbs after eating here.
5	This buffet is a little spendy but if you want the best buffet in town this is where you should go.  There was not one item I did not like.  The service was excellent, the restaurant was clean, we didn't wait in line and the food is amazing.  My favorite thing was the Yellow Curry Chicken, it was the best I've ever had anywhere.  But really all of the food was cooked properly and tasted great.  Go hungry because you won't want to miss out.  They even had shaved ice at the dessert station.
1	Went in on Sunday. They advertised 20.00 buffet but charged 49.00The buffet had rock claw crab and crab legs. Our table and nearly every table around us asked the buffet workers and the servers for the shell cracker vice tool and the server said " they dont give them to us, I can bring you a hammer". They brought out one wooden mallet for three tables to share (we didnt know the people on either side of us that we were sharing the mallet with ). The mallet caused the crab claws to splinter and fly everywhere. Grown adults and three kids with pieces of hard sharp shrapnel flying EVERYWHERE.There was a lot of mexican food but it was sitting in buckets of grease on the hot line. The chorizo was mixed with something but you literally had to fish through a gallon of grease to get anything. Why wouldnt they drain this before they put it out. Same thing with the bacon, they had two types, regular and pepper but they were in bowls of grease??The fruit..... ay yi yi.... There was a little tiny corner in the back that had about 5 butter plates of fruit. The watermelon was mushy and soggy and old and there were a few other slices of slimy fruit, there were two fruit cups but again, they were drowned in syrup and more sugar syrup than actual fruit. There was an omelet station but there was a line of about 10 to 15 people deep and only one guy on the line. The station they had it set in left a crowd of people around and blocking other food stations and difficult to travel around. The cheese platters ..... BIG PRESENTATION with cheese to serve about 8 people .....you would think that this is rated the best buffet in town so why are they being so chincy and cheap with putting food out?? Food cost???We were never offered champagne or mimosas as the cashier told us would be offered.  The only great thing about the buffet was fresh squeezed bottles of juice on the buffet. I stuck one in each of my pockets as it was the brunt of my breakfast. Nothing else was appealing and what was out was a train wreck.Back in the day I would travel fro L.A. to Ceasers once or twice a month to play and pleasure. Ceasers was grand and the buffet and food was fit for a king, there was a time when we asked for nothing because it was all so well thought out and tremendously robust. Those days are gone. This place is a shit hole IHOP with fancy furniture and DEFINITELY NOT WORTH 49.00!!!!
5	This place is shockingly good. Wicked Spoon is awesome and this is better, hands down. All the ingredients taste fresh and premium, better than most of the restaurants  on the strip I presume. Expensive ($60) and can be a long wait (20min at off peak 4pm hour), but totally worth it. For sure the best buffet here, and I've tried them all.
5	Went in at $58.19 per person,  heard a lot of great things about this place, so I had high expectations. With a group of 8, was pleasantly surprised at the variety they had which was expected with 9 kitchens and 500+ menu items. Whether it's a quick fix ox tail pho to waygu sliders and your usual grill meats... Must I add im not much of a brisket fan but rather prime rib,  it was the most tender perfectly cooked brisket I've ever eaten.  Definitely ate my money's worth with quantity and quality.
1	We waited hours to get in by the time we got in I was not hungry... I did not see anything exceptional so crowded .   I guess if you love crab legs then enjoy. but i dont eat that....  Disappointed... and expensive!   I rather pay that price and have a nice sit down dinner!
5	Oysters. Crab. Prime rib. Dessert. I'm in heaven! This review is long over due and well deserved. I am the hugest fan of buffets and always try to get the biggest bang for my buck. You will never see noodles, bread, rice or any other nonsense on my plate. When I see people with half a plate of chow mein, a little piece of me dies inside and I lose hope for humanity. What a waste when there is such a huge selection of amazing food. There are different prices depending on the day and time. Dinner buffet is around $50+. Pricey but worth the money and the wait. This buffet has a large selection of all different types of cuisine. - Fresh raw oysters and shooters- All different kinds of meat cuts- hot and cold crab (cut in half for all the lazy people out there)- mussels, shrimp, crawfish (yum), etc- There is a person making tacos, ramen, pho, etc.- Every dessert you can think of is there. Macarons, ice cream sandwiches, creme brulee, cakes, cookies, gelato, mochi, crepes, chocolate covered strawberries, etc. The list goes on and on.Bacchanal  has dethroned Wicked Spoon and is currently my favorite buffet in Vegas.
5	Yes, it is expensive.  Yes, it is the best buffet I've ever had.  Each station serves food that tastes good enough to be served on a menu.  The desserts are ridiculous (lava cake... Wow), so are the meats at the carving station (one of the best lamb chops I've ever had).  I am from San Diego, land of Mexican food and I can say that the made-to-order street tacos are almost on par with those at taco shops in my hometown.  If you can spare the $50, absolutely worth the price.
5	Come hungry!!! We waited in line for this buffet for quite a while but it proved to be DEEEEELICIOUS! The selection, the variety,Quality, I can't say enough! It wasn't cheap but we all left happy!
3	The food was good tasting in most cases (steaks did not have flavor). I liked very much the oysters, pizza, lamb, lobster corn chowder and crab legs. There was no lobster and for the price it should be included (two years ago I went to another LV buffet for about $40 and everyone was served lobster tails).Service was not good but it wasn't the worst. I think that even though food was good it is not worth the money.Im glad I ate here because of the experience and variety but not sure if I would go back.
2	Dinner at 5:30 on Saturday night, July 19. Only waited in line 10 minutes. We had a 24 hour buffet pass and knew that we would have to pay a surcharge to use the pass at the Bacchanal Buffet. Was surprised that the surcharge was $32. Without the pass, the dinner cost for the buffet was $52.We were seated all the way in the very back of the restaurant which was a perfect spot. We had just a few other four tops around us and our dining room was relatively quiet and away from the clans of families seated at larger tables. Also one end of the buffet was just outside our dining area. It was from this end of the buffet that I began my assessment of just what exactly $52 gets one at this very popular buffet. My strategy before I pickup a plate is to walk the entire buffet line so I can see just what they have to offer and then plan my attack after I have gathered all my intel. I don't remember the order of the food stations that I passed on my recon of the smorgasbord but remember passing a sushi, Mexican cuisine, and Italian  food and thinking to myself that I have already seen all this type of food at other cheaper buffets. I was already halfway through my recon of the food line and did not see one item that I wanted to go back for and try nor had yet to see any item that justified the cost of the buffet. I finally passed a station and saw that there were steaming king crab legs being served from lobster pots. Made a note of that station and continued scouting the food line. After turning a corner I saw the lines queuing up at two food stations at the other end of the buffet closest to the entrance. One station was a carving station with at least 25 people backed up waiting online for some meat with one carver there handling at least seven or eight kinds of meat.  Why wouldn't Ceasers spread this meat amongst two carving stations and spread out the crowd? There was no one standing online in any of the other food stations I had already passed so they obviously have room to expand to less used areas of the buffet. I was beginning to get irritated that I had to wait online for food that cost so much money and had yet to impress me. Then I looked passed the carving station to the next food station to see an even longer line was queued up.  This I realized this was the money shot of the buffet; king crab legs, stone crab claws and cooked shrimp. So this was what I was paying so much for: the opportunity to stand in line to eat still frozen crab. While the dessert selection was good, it did not compensate for the lack of variety of food on the main buffet nor did it justify the cost. I wish I had read the Yelp reviews before we had eaten here. I feel sorry for some of the Yelp reviewers who stated they waited up to 4 hours in line to eat at this place. I would not come back here nor recommend this buffet. There are much better buffets at the Mandalay Bay, the Encore and Cosmopolitan for less money and less wait time.
4	This is by far my favorite buffet in Vegas.  They have the best choices and the quality of food is hands down the best.  If you happen to come here before 3pm on a weekend, mimosas are included in the fee.  Def try to get here before the cutoff time to take advantage of the bubbly.  They offer all types of cuisines.  The buffet offers crab legs, succulent shrimp cocktail, prime rib, brisket, along with your typical carnivorous meats, Mexican food, Chinese, sushi and you can create your own pho/ramen too.  Their dessert selection is off the chain!!! So much too choose from so try to leave a bit of room for the sweets!  If I had one complaint it would be the check in process.  I recently noticed this last visit they implemented a check in time for parties.. You walk to a screen and enter the number of people in your party and are given a print out that says the time you check back with the front hostess.  This can take up to two + hours. Once you get to this point, you get in line to pay.  This is where I feel like the employees did more chatting than working efficiently.  Our group was given two diff instructions from two diff ladies that conflicted each other's instructions, making it seem like they were both not on the same page regarding protocol.
5	Went here on a Thursday for lunch, had to wait 15 min to get seated.It was about $100 for 2 adults 1 child. They say this is the best Buffet in vegas so I had to try it. They have alot of dessert to choose from. They have all sorts of foods from Tacos,Sushi,Pizza,Fish,Ribs,Pasta. I would reccomend this place to Yelpers.This is the best review buffet in vegas.The sushi was great the service was great.Pizza tasted good and so did the fish. Give it a try you will love it.
3	The food was good, not wow or anything, id say average strip buffet food; def on the pricy side. The price online does not match, so don't bother to check coz it's always different. Love the gelato and shave ice, lots to choose from. Overall, don't think I'll go back coz the price, u can def find a cheaper price for the same kind of food in Vegas.
5	OMG. They have everything for everyone. The price tag is a bit steep but it is worth every penny. Mexican? Check. Chinese? Check. Continental? Check. Will you have a blowout while sitting and stuffing your face full of food? You betchya!
5	If you ask me what my favorite meal of all the time there is no doubt that my first experience at Bachannal is up there.  It's a Vegas buffet, what can you say?It's hard to talk about the food since there is a lot of selection but my favorites were the lamb chops, the sliders, sea bass with miso glaze, braised octopus with creamy polenta (a chef's special sadly), the brisket, and their fried chicken.  I also really enjoyed their seafood selection (oysters!).The first time I went my friends and I waited 3 hours in line as their was no good system to get in.  By my 2nd visit (about 2 weeks ago as of this posting) their was a computerized system where you put in your phone number and they tell you when to come back.  I thought this made the whole experience better and much more streamlined. Of course, depending on how crowded Vegas is that weekend, your wait time may still be 3 hours.  The 2nd time I visited we got in under 40 minutes (even arriving at the same time...of course the golden time near the end of lunch before dinner seating!).  Enjoy!
5	I be been here for lunch and dinner and the food is great. Not huge but still a very good selection with great present. They have a beautiful selection of desserts as well. Steamed crab legs are the best!! The food overall is a bit salty but still my favorite buffet on the strip so I have to give it 5 stars!!
3	The food was fresh, the selection was a bit narrow as far as buffets go. The flavors in my opinion were a bit muted. The seating was not great and a bit crowded. The dining area was immaculate and the service was great. Worth the price but not a wow for this diner.
5	Dude, anyone who says that the quality of the food at Bacchanal does not match the steep price of entrance is a VERY confused and disturbed child. The quality and creativity of the foods available at this buffet completely puts other casino buffets to shame. Because every dish is made in small batches and constantly replaced, the quality and freshness is never compromised for any guest. Their seafood station is an absolute dream for any true seafood lover. They have huge fresh oysters, incredible smoked trout, and a gazpacho with crab that's toe-curling good.The gourmet and impressively fresh salad and vegetable selections won both my dining partner and I over. I highly suggest that you grab the chicken and waffles as well. I didn't eat the waffles as I only grabbed the dish because I was in the mood for fried chicken. The Bacchanal makes good fried chicken that didn't leave an oily residue on my finger tips at all! It was crisp, juicy, and everything I wanted out of fried chicken.And as other reviewers have raved, the dessert station is something you just need to see and experience for yourself. Stupendous, top notch selection! They have green tea cookies, chocolate cookies, espresso tarts, mousses, cheese cakes, cupcakes, cake pops, everything! Usually when I go to buffets I'm not one to gorge myself and I usually just stop eating when I'm comfortably full (I know, I'm unusual..) but the Caesar's Palace made me want to leave a little bit overstuffed and I feel great about it.
5	Our favorites were the oxtail soup, clams in saffron sauce, and some potato dish with truffle oil :). Definitely loved the desserts too--endless shaved ice was AWESOME and the green tea creme brulee was mind-blowing.
5	Amazing buffet not your typical buffer offerings.  Had something for everyone. Or if you just wanted to sample a bunch of different cuisines. Dishes that stood out were the Kung Pow chicken it was spicy and so good. Also the beef brisket was smoked with the right amount of flavor.  Can't say I disliked anything and we tried almost everything.  Worth the $60 a person price tag. And I am frugal and don't say that often. Oh and the dessert buffet was so amazing!!!
1	Omg, this is the most expensive buffet ever! Two people for $116.73?!! We enjoyed their strawberry juice the most. It is the most expensive juice bar ever and the loud music gives you indigestion. Server Maryam was very good and nice!
5	Arrived here at 520pm. Short wait. 53.99 per person before tax. Worth it though. King crab legs were by far the most sought after item. Their dim sum was good too. Dessert was prob one the best I've ever had. Must try if you're in Vegas. Huge huge buffet too. Lots of choices and options! You won't regret it. Way better than the Wynn buffet. Either same or better than wicked spoon in my opinion.
5	People said Bacchanal is the best buffet in Vegas. Compared with the wicked spoon in Cosmopolitan, the buffet at Wynn, I decided to rank Bacchanal as the number ONE on my buffet list in Vegas. Why? The variety is definitely the top reason. No matter western or eastern, people from around the world can find the food they are familiar with. This place wow me by offering their guests abundant fresh seafood such as oyster and mussel. My dad enjoyed the T-bone steak very very much and even had two of them. I especially like their fruit crepe which is made immediately in front of me. I recommend this buffet for people who can not decide which buffet to go in this sin city!
4	I was rather excited to visit this buffet after the big redesign several years ago.  Previously - the Caesars buffet was something that didn't really pique my interest.  Even though I've stayed on the property several times, I've always found myself dining elsewhere when it comes to the buffet.  This time around I decided to give it a try based on the all the buzz about the refit.I'm glad to say the buffet lived up to expectations ... for the most part.  This place now reminds me of Wicked Spoon and the buffet at Aria.  It's much more modern and features lots of small exotic dishes along with the usual copious servings of seafood, meat, Asian stuff etc. that you'd expect from a traditional Vegas buffet.  Even the little taco station was a nice touch.As for the food itself, the quality was pretty decent.  The crab legs were great and it was nice to see them freshly steamed and served hot on your plate.  The meat section was intense, with lots of options to choose from.  Unfortunately I was only a fan of the prime rib as the other meats I tried (pork spare ribs, brisket, lamb etc.) were all on the dry side.  The sushi was also so-so, and relatively dry.  However, the other seafood offerings (cold and hot) were pretty excellent and the dessert section was definitely worth saving room for.The ambiance was nice, though I wish the smaller tables weren't so close to each other.  However it didn't detract from my overall experience.Personally I still think this buffet ranks among the top 3 in Vegas (alongside the Wynn and Wicked Spoon @ the Cosmopolitan).  However if I had to pick the best, I'd still go with the Wynn simply because even though their selection is inferior, the quality per dish is just a bit better.  Nonetheless, I think Caesars made huge strides here and I would still definitely come back on my next visit to LV.
5	The best buffet in Las Vegas, no long lines to wait in. Just give them your phone # they text you when to come back. The food is delicious and they have a great selection from seafood to prime rib. Worth every penny
5	I ate here several days ago for lunch. This was probably my 5th time here. It was so over the top for a lunch buffet I had to post this. Some of the items that were really just awesome were.Beef RibsPrime RibLobster with a cream sauce on a biscuitLarge Cocktail shrimpRaw OystersCrab ClawsThese were just some of the items and there were many,many more.The attention to the quality of the food was outstanding. It was not just a lot of food but a lot of great food. My only issue was I only could try so much.At this point I have tried many of the Las Vegas large  hotel buffets. Hands down this is the best, it blows away the rest.
5	Okay. This place is hefty expensive. If you're here to eat the vast amount of carb dishes they have here- Get out. You need the crab legs, the oysters. Eat the lamb, for god's sake. If you did what I did, which was indeed eat all the delicious dishes they had that weren't the meat or seafood- you done did it. You had a meal that was worth $20-$40 instead of the $51 (weekday) or $54 (weekend) you paid. That's okay, though. I don't regret any of it.First of all, if you're on vacation (which you probably are) and are planning to eat here, DON'T EAT A HUGE LUNCH.  I don't care how big you claim your stomach to be; this is an all you can eat so you better make it worth it. There is everything. EVERYTHING. They've even got pho for God's sake. And sushi. And lots of European dishes. Quality is top notch because of the amount of people that eat here. Honestly, you can't go wrong with anything.Dessert was also amazing. They have gelato and mochi ice cream and cakes and macarons and cookies and... yeah, you get the point. Just look at all the pictures that were uploaded. Delicious. But apart from the bill, this place was pretty good. I loved it. I think, however, that the price could be lowered a bit. Didn't it use to be $36 or so back in 2011? Oh, how the times have changed.
1	Who cares about the price it's Vegas baby... That being said this place is disgusting.... Filthy and I mean filthy chairs. Noticed the dirty silverware before even sitting down and don't even get me started on the dried food all over the wall next to my chair. Spent the whole meal trying not to touch anything while yelling at my son to do the same. Should of went to Denny's.
3	Las Vegas is changing all the time. It's always out with the old, in with the new. It is always best to be the newest and the hottest in Vegas. You always need to reinvent yourself. Caesar's Palace is one place where thought it is an old property compared to the rest, it keeps it fresh and interesting on the inside. This change also happens to the buffets as well. You can't have endless roast beef and a mound of crab legs and say you are the best. These days, we want gourmet stuff, and a lot of it. That is why small plates of different dishes are popular at Vegas buffets. Bacchanal Buffet in Caesar's Palace is just the place. Taking Cosmopolitan's Wicked Spoon off its short lived rein as top dog, Bacchanal is the newest Buffet in town.Coming here on a Sunday as a last hurray meal, the line was packed. Payard across the way was looking mighty tempting. No line, no wait. It is safe to say, I waited in line for everyone who reads my blog -- This is for you! The wait was nearly an hour, but it was the newest buffet in Vegas. I had to.I was glad to see a lot of variety at this buffet. They had small dishes of different things. Instead of ladling on the food from a pile of food, you just pick up the plates that look My favorites included the authentic tacos, cured meats, and crab legs. Bacchanal buffet featured many items that aren't available at a normal buffet. For this reason, the buffet was a good experience.Going to a buffet is all about having everything you want, even dessert. You can have your cake, and eat it too. Their dessert selection was quite impressive. From cookies in a jar to macarons, and ice cream, you can have anything you want. My favorite were the crepes. I just saw the jar of Nutella and I was set. The crepes were wonderfully prepared and were a great finish to my buffet.Bacchanal at Caesar's Palace is awesome. Their new approach to the buffet in Vegas is refreshing. Pretty soon, all of the top tier Vegas buffets will have to do this. One thing I did not like about the buffet is the inconsistency of the design. I prefer open spaces when eating at buffets, but theirs was a bit broken up. It was tough to navigate through the different sections. Also, the seating areas are not all the same. The outside area was wide open and bright, but there were seating areas in the corners and different rooms. Not all of the furniture (tables are chairs) was the same. This made for an uneven feeling and everything felt clustered. Other than that though, the food was great. Still though, my all time favorite buffet is still Wicked Spoon.
5	Had dinner here on Sunday night. So many different types of food to choose from but I just ate from the Mexican part.Absolutely delicious tacos, mouthwatering and cooked to the fullest. I ended the night with a Nutella crepe, mint chip ice cream, flan and cheesecake.I would definitely recommend getting a Nutella crepe, so delicious. I've found myself craving one for the past 2 days!The customer service is also very incredible. Everyone is so polite and brings you another drink even if you're not finished with your first!Definitely a restaurant one must visit at least once on a Vegas trip.Extremely pricey (66.82), but worth it!
1	This will only be the second time in the 5 years i have been on Yelp that I'm giving somewhere a 1 star review....thats how bad my experience was here. Do not waste your money on this buffet. We had not 1, but 2 bad experiences here! Let me break it down for you as i see it:Quality of food: 2-3 starsSelection of food: 2 starsAtmosphere: 4 starsCleanliness: 1 starManagement: ZERO (first zero I have ever given to a restaurant EVER)We showed up for dinner on a Sunday evening for dinner at about 8:30pm. We were told by the hostess that they were at capacity and were not taking in any more customers until no sooner than 9:30. Me and my party decided to wait until 9:30 since it was raining and didn't feel like walking somewhere else. So at 9:10 my friend checks with the hostess to see if we can get in before 9:30. She says no we are still not letting people in and it will be no sooner than 9:30 before we can enter. Great, nothing wrong with that...as we are standing there waiting (no more than 2 mins later) as we are standing 40 feet away she starts letting people in! So my friend walks back over to see whats going on and she says "Ok we will take you now." WTF!So now we are in line, which starts after the hostess stand we wait another 10-15 mins to get up to the counter to pay. As we are paying they tell us that they will be pulling all the food off the serving stations @ 10:30pm. So we are like okay, no problem. We waited this long to eat, that still gives us about an hour to eat...no problem. So we pay and once again....we wait....in line....again. This time for another 10 mins. They are finally ready to seat us. While we are being shown to our table we notice that there is a HUGE line at the buffet inside the restaurant! The line had to have been another 15-20 mins long. After seeing the line we realized that there was no way we had time to stand in the line every time you wanted something from the main buffet station and still eat our food in what was now less than an hour from when they took the food away. Mind you this buffet with tax was costing us $58 per person. If this was the case they should not be letting more paying customers in.We ask to speak with a manger and got our money refunded back to us and we leave....but we still haven't eaten and all the good restaurants in Vegas close at 10pm. We ended having to eat at some diner because we waited for so long and now nothing else was open. Next day....for some ungodly reason we attempt to go back, this time to their breakfast buffet. We arrive at 11:03am, they inform us that they are now serving the "Lunch Buffet, breakfast buffet stopped at 11am sharp" and that the price will now be $40 per person instead of $18 (i think). Whatever, it was after 11am so i'm not complaining.....HOWEVER....wait for it.....the party in line with us is PISSED! We can hear the guy complaining to a manger..."we have been in line for over 20 mins and you wouldn't let us in! Now that it's 11:01 you are going to let us in just so you can charge us more money!" I totally felt for this guy, i have no doubt that he was right. And they were a party of 7 so that's really a lot more money. And here's the kicker...they were still serving breakfast food for the duration of the time we were inside!So now we get to the table, go get our plates and wait in the line for the main buffet station for about 15 mins to get up there and find that there really wasn't even a good selection. I think they had 3 different meats to choose from and no crab legs. They did however have Lobster corn chowder, so i got a bowl....it was cold. FML....The whole experience was HORRIBLE...2 days prior we ate at the lunch buffet at Aria and it was awesome. All the prime rim, crab legs and sushi you could eat....and it was only $30 per person. Go there....go anywhere....just don't go to the buffet at Caesar's Palace. What a disappointment, prob the worst restaurant experience of my life.
3	Hmm, I don't know who choose this buffet out of our group. But it was just ok. The long lines and high expectations had my mouth watering.I went straight to the oysters and raw bar. The raw bar was excellent but the second and third batch of oysters were not as good as the first one. I also got a chance to check out their asian cuisine and it was pretty good. The Mexican was a hit or miss and same for the meats. The desert table was fabulous. Here's my breakdown:Rawbar: 4 starMexican: 3 starAsian: 4 starMeats: 3 star (inconsistent flavors)Italian: 3 starDessert: 4.5 starAmbience: 4 star (Asian bar and Italian section was in a back section of the buffet that was separated)This place was ok. I've had better buffet experience and taste at other places. Wish I could have at least given this place a 4 star but it was just ok. Nothing exceptional but not bad. Just in the middle.
2	Went here on a Friday for dinner. We went early due to other reviews about long lines. Lines were fine when we arrived, decent length when we left.Only gave 2 stars due to high price buffet and barely average food.  Best part of the meal were the great choices of gelato.  Sushi was decent - nothing interesting. Thought the seafood portion was gross - some of the shrimp I had were slimy and didn't bother to eat.
5	I think I liked this one the best out of all the buffets we visited (MGM, Cravings, and Aria). I've still got my fair share to try but I'm getting there!!Things that stood out: Ramen! Not only was it awesome to watch them cook it, but it was absolutely delicious. Indian curries- delicious!Crab legs- They're everywhere but they were great. Baby sliders- Juicy and fresh! They were also small, which is a good thing!Roasted Veggies- random right? But they were seasoned very well and weren't too soft. The little bowls that had an array of soups/ pasta dishes/gumbos- The presentation is so nice! The green chili chicken with rice- the chicken was juicy, not dry, and the rice was delicious as well. It was hard not to eat too much! I needed to save room for more options Mochi- so awesome!!! Desserts- There were a ton, and they were, for the most part, all amazing and delicious. I also like how you can almost get lost. The food kind of wraps around the wall and it just keeps going and going and going. In the middle close to the entrance is the dessert bar which is an entire circle filled with heavenly treats.
4	I frequently run to Vegas for a quick business retreat. I'm not part of the player club at Caesar cause I'm not the gambling type. But I just pay the $20 express fee. I usually eat as much steak and sausages I can. A long with the casual Asian food dishes. The servers are really prompt and always checking up on yiu. The cooks are busy cooking away. Not much to talk to, sometimes the chef cutting the steak or sausage would explain the meat choices other times it seem he is having a bad day and just want to leave already.I come here all the time when I head to vegas.
5	Yep, still pretty great.
2	Not worth the extra bucks. Seafood was good, fresh snow crabs & oysters. But asian food section sucked big time.
4	supposedly Bacchanal means "Feast for the Gods", but what's the most godly (most godly? godliest?) about this place is the definitely the hype. Bacchanal is an amazing buffet, true - but I think I've had a few better. (Bellagio, Wynn, etc).it's a little pricey, and organization/service a tad slow. on a busy day (high season or weekends), you'd probably have to go at like 4:30 pm to avoid a 1 hr+ wait. something unique/cool that Bacchanal does is have like a "fast pass" system of waiting in line. you put your name into a virtual line and they give you a time period you can return between so you don't have to physically wait in line. in theory, it sounds super impressive. only downside is that once you come back in your allotted time, it takes them impossibly long just to seat you.FOOD: I think this buffet's saving grace is its dessert selection. gelato, mochi, pastries, macarons galore! the desserts were definitely the highlight of my meal. they have an extensive seafood section with crab legs... but the wait for them was really long. some other highlights: meat & cheese section (I live for prosciutto!), dim sum and pho sections, chicken and waffles sectionoverall... one of my top 5 favorite buffets in vegas, but probably not my first choice. that being said - I'll most likely be Bacch! (har har)
5	This is the best buffet I have been to hands down. I have probably been to buffets that have had a lil bit more of a selection. I can't recall ever being at one that was better quality.Had the dinner buffet this time. We arrived at about 8 PM and waited about 20 minutes to be seated which was fine. To be honest, I thought the wait would be a lot longer considering how many people were waiting. I guess there were a bunch of larger parties and couples were being seated much quicker. Once inside...There was a pretty large line at the crab leg station, so I'm sure that would be annoying to some people but I don't eat crab so it didn't effect me. There was also a decent line at the meat carving station but it moved quickly and was worth the wait. Pretty much everything else you could walk right up and get. The highlights for me were the: prime rib, lamb shanks, Kung Pao chicken and some really good pasta that had what appeared to be sun dried tomato in it. Oh yeah, I forgot the lil hamburger sliders, those were awesome. I also can't leave out the desserts. The bread pudding was awesome and I had a lil piece of cheesecake with a passion fruit topping that was garnished with a Blackberry, so good.The service was good, empty plates were always gone by the time I returned from another trip. Our waiter even refilled our soft drinks while we were away at the buffet, never experienced that before. I love this buffet and I will continue to visit every time I return to Vegas. Just thinking about it is making me hungry.
5	Sorry this post is long over due. I was at this buffet during the July 4th weekend and it was wonderful Food was great and they had such an amazing variety of selection. This is my second time being here and I have no complaints. The lines do get long . We have the member card so was let in right away. I have had other buffets here in Vegas but this one has been the best one so far.
4	This does not need any more reviews...but, just in case someone doesn't know about this and it shows up on their feed - you need to go to this buffet. I came here 4 years ago, before they renovated it. It was probably as bad as going to Golden Coral or Ruby's. It just wasn't good, very poor quality and very overpriced. I decided I would never go again.One thing I will tell you - I am not big on buffets. I don't like that people can touch the same things you're touching and you don't know where people have placed their hands. I eat out a lot and I can handle it with the restaurant employees because I don't see them making my food. At buffets, I see everyone touching everything or even putting their hands in something. I can't handle it. The #1 thing about this buffet is, almost everything is separated or served to you. High. Five.#2 - the food is VERY good. I would say that this is the best buffet on the strip. I've been to most of them on the strip because when families come to town, they love buffets. This one trumps all. The food is very well cooked, not over cooked and served very fresh. I love how they serve hot crab legs to you so they're not dried out or too cold. I had the pizza, lamb, blue cheese wedge salad, Asian BBQ Ribs, Prime Rib, mac & cheese, green beans, chicken florentine, crab legs, crab wontons, I ate a lot. But, my favorite was the crepes. I'm not big on sweets, but I looooooooove crepes. I had her drizzle nutela on it and topped it with whipped cream, strawberries and caramel bananas...god, it was delicious.The buffet is pricey, but if you're going to indulge, it's worth it. It's very clean and the service is very good.
1	Let me start by saying we are not big buffet fans, but on several visits to Vegas we have gone to buffets. So...Check-in- WFT would I check in early, go gamble for 30 mins and then get a call to come to the front of the line only to spend another 30 mins waiting for a seat???Service- yep it is a buffet., so no service right?? But no plates ?? Seriously??Food- actually the food was decent, good selection and good quality.Cost- stupid, as a total rewards platinum member I still have to pay $30 upgrade? What??? This after $99 credit? Give me a break.Huge fan of Caesars, but not this place.
4	great selection, amazing desserts, amazing variety - something for everyone so with a big group, we ended up here more often than not
5	Best Vegas buffet I have ever been to!      Everything was delicious. There was plenty of variety. It has the price tag to match, but if you have the opportunity to go, I highly reccomend. If you buy the 24hr Buffet of Buffets pass it is slightly less expensive. Seriously still dreaming about this place.
5	I heard from family friends that this buffet is the best in Vegas. The setting was nice with the seafood and dessert station in the front. The buffet is in a "zig zag" form starting from the seafood to mexican, italian, and lastly asian cuisines. The waitress was very kind and checked on us for refills. I love their peach iced tea! The best time to come here is for lunch (I think its 37 bucks). Was it worth it? Hell yeah. My top 3 items would be the bone-in ribeye, wagyu slider, shrimp dim sum. I wouldn't say I would come here often, but if you win 40 bucks in the casino then definitely congratulate yourself with the Bacchanal Buffet. Oh btw, I LOVE their desserts! Crepes made to order, cake pops, and PANDAN TIRAMISU....need i say more..
4	This was my first opportunity to eat at the Caesars. I was told it was ranked number one in the city of Las Vegas. the last bus fare of this caliber I tried was at the Wynn by Steven Wynn. I was thoroughly impressed with their standard of excellence in every dish. But I was curious to see was Caesar's Palace better?I arrived for brunch on a Sunday at around 10:30 a.m.. The lines were not too long and I was seated within 15 minutes. The price of the buffet was 45 99. That included my endless mimosa. The decor was very contemporary and chic. As my hostess took me to where I would be seated, I was able to get a glimpse of all of the wonderful treats that we're in store for me.I first started at the meat section. I had the prime rib which was a great choice. Your other options were chicken New Mexico sausage, hot links, slab bacon if you prefer. The staff at the carving station were very friendly. My prime rib was medium just like I like it however it wasn't as flavorful as I expected. The New Mexico chicken sausage was zesty in flavor but cold in touch. This was disappointing but it also was a telltale sign for what I had to expect for the rest of my visit.I also enjoyed chicken and waffles. They were in an individual basket. I think it was the best thing that I ate. The chicken was crispy and juicy. And the waffle was flaky very good. When I got to the seafood table, I tried the snow crab and a lobster bisque with corn over a biscuit. The lobster bisque taste great however the potato that was in it was under cooked. Disappointed. I enjoyed that all the snow crab was warmed if you wanted it warmed in front of you.My mimosas kept coming and the coffee was hot fresh and delicious. I ended my meal with a slice of Pizza and a side salad with mozzarella and tomatoes and mushrooms. Overall I enjoyed the food however, with the price that I paid I would expect that everything would be near perfect and it wasn't I was not impressed by anything they serve on the dessert menu either.
3	Though the food is good, we got here at 830, they close at 10 but are no longer taking anymore people. An hour and a half earlier than the actual closing time is absolutely ridiculous. Definitely points removed for that. If they wanted to close at 8:30, they should say they close at 8:30 not 10, false advertisement!!!
4	Overall i thought that this buffet was one of the best buffets that i have ever been to. They had many different variety of meats such as lamb and primb rib (which were cooked really well). I am usually very picky with slider but the one at this buffet was amazing. The ramen was decent and so were the crab legs. This buffet had a giant variety of many different types of food and they all hit a good level of satisfaction. Not a big fan of buffets but this one is an exception for me.
2	The buffet at Caesar Palace is kind of mediocre. I have heard raving reviews about the newly remodeled buffet and decided to try it out.Came here on Monday for their lunch buffet. The cost was 35.99 plus tax, which is typical of Vegas buffets. The selection of food was okay, but most of the food was lukewarm or dried out which is strange when the place was packed.  The layout of the buffet was also strange as it snakes around and people just stay near the front where the seafood and meats are. The lines for the meats and tacos were long and people blocked the food near there so the baked potatoes and other foods near the area were untouched.  The prime rib and brisket were overly salty but compared to everything else, it was decent.The seafood was also decent and but the selection wasn't that great.Our server was also never around so there was always a lack of drinks. Overall. It was mediocre at best. Expectations were not met
2	$53 for Sunday dinner. I've been wanting to eat here and my family finally took me on my birthday. The only thing worth talking about was the lamb. It was amazing. Everything else was mediocre. No ones been posting recent photos of the food and I think after it was dubbed the #1 buffet in Vegas, it let go of itself. What happened to the French macaroons, crazy gelato flavors, fresh honey from the honeycomb and all the other goodies ppl have been boasting about? I feel hella cheated. As for the the chefs, I feel bad for them. Some ppl just don't have common sense. Idk how many times the chefs have told ppl to stop eating on the line and to take the plates with the food they literally transferred onto their personal plate via their hands. Smh* ppl!
5	NEW FAVORITE BUFFET IN VEGAS! :DThis one is apparently fairly new, but it has the most reviews for buffets on the strips. My friends got here before the rest of us did, and luckily was able to make a reservation. The wait until the reservation for a party of 7 was only a 1 hour gap. I like how they give you a time to actually come back rather than making you wait iN LINE like at some of the other buffets. We made it in time before their lunch ended, but I was so hungry I don't remember looking at how much the price was per person. I do remember we got bottomless mimosas included with our buffet though!!I would say you can break this buffet down into 5 sections: Asian Cuisine, Taco Bar, Meat, Seafood, and Desserts. The selection of food is amazing, and not only is it a large selection, but the way the dishes are cooked makes it different from your average buffet. The only thing that sucks is that there is actually a long line at some of the Stations, especially the Taco Bar and the Seafood section. Most people don't see it, but the Asian Cuisine section is off to the left past the Taco Bar :PDon't get me wrong, everything was good, but these are MUST GET Favorites:-Taco Bar! Customize your own tacos and the chef cooks it on a stone grill in front of you-Hot Steamed Crab legs (Asian Section)-Cold Crab legs (Seafood Section)-Oyster Shooters (Seafood Section)I know I'm stopping here for a buffet next time in Vegas!
5	I have tried most of the known buffets in Vegas and I would rate this one #1 (for brunch) as of yesterday. First of all, you don't have to wait in a long line like all other places. You just go up to a kiosk, sign in and they text you when your table is ready. So I decided to play some electronic black jack at the bar near by drinking my bloody mary. Our table was ready within 30 minutes at one of the craziest hours. I started off at the Asian section and worked by way through every dish, not wanting to miss out on any. Then I realized I did it all wrong! Make sure you start at the seafood section and try their hot crab legs! AMAZING. They also have another section where the guy cuts the meat. Unfortunately, I was way too full to stuff more meat down my throat so I passed on that. They also have a little juice section. Make sure to try the guava and horchata. They were great because it wasn't too sweet.Finally, their desserts are mouthwatering good. I grabbed at least half of the selections they offered. All of them were so tasty, especially the mango pudding and chocolate chip cookie. I'm SO torn that I haven't tried this place before, but I'm definitely revisiting here on my next Vegas trip.
5	Just got back from Vegas from my bachelorette party! WOO HOOOn the last day, we came here starved and hungover  and with a mission to stuff ourself silly. Me and my girlfriends were trying to diet and look sexy throughout the whole weekend in Vegas. We though that it was time to treat ourselves out and ended up coming here.  This is the second time I've been here and I LOVE IT!!The steamed crab legs are amazing as they are not overly salted like the other cheap buffets. (they salt it so you that you can't eat too much of it)So many different types of desserts as well that there will be one thing that you can find to like.They also had these cute little bottles of horchata and guava juice! CAN YOU SAY HELL YEA?!? TRY THESE. I literally brought like 3-4 bottles of these.The only downside is there is a FOREVER LINE/WAIT to get those crab legs and another forever LINE/WAIT to get nice cuts of meat. Literally took me 30 to 40 minutes just to get those darn crab legs.
4	$36.99 for weekend lunch.EFFICIENT. A good way to describe this buffet. They have a waiting time ticket system. Go to the computers and enter in your party number. They spit out a receipt giving you a time range when to return for payment and seating (they will also send messages to your phone if you prefer that option) Walk around and gamble until your seating time.I can't say much for the hot food, as most buffets I gorge myself on seafood. The crab legs and claws were a point. As were the OYSTERS! I've never had such fresh and sweet oysters at a buffet before! Dessert was a bit lack luster for me. The creme brulee was disappointing as the consistency wasn't right, but the FLAN was delicious and made up for the custard craving. I give them points for having macaroons at their dessert bar, granted they weren't very good and many of them were rock hard. A lot of the girls in our party loved the chocolate covered strawberries as well.
2	Ok, well I wanted to like this place being that my father in law footed the bill but im going to be honest about this place its just another buffet. The only thing that is worth trying is the crab legs and the rib eye steaks here. The wait wasn't that bad we waited a total of twenty five minutes included putting our names down. Some of the things I tried at the buffet were:Sushi.....its alright kinda tastes and looks like packaged sushi from 7 elevenRib eye.... was good and tenderLamb shanks....they were good but overcookedCarne asada tacos.....never come to a $50 buffet for tacos you can go else where, but the tacos were ok.crab leggs...where really good and they are unlimited too,so I guess thats good.Brisket...overcooked and tasted terriblefruit....some of it was overripe and was uneatable desserts...were eh okThere was a line for the meat and the cook serving the meat was very rude to most of the customers, including myself. He asked me what choice of meat I wanted I told him and then he didn't repeat back what I wanted so I repeated it a second time to remind him and he then copped an attitude and said " I Heard you man you don't got to tell me twice" and I was like woah, this guy is pissed. He's probably policing the meat hoping that his attitude will only cause just a few people to return a second time. Screw him I came back about three times, after all this was a $53 dollar buffet wasn't going to let this go waste. The service was ok, the lady that served us brought our drinks and after that I pretty much had to flag her down ever now and then to get a new drink. Would I come back? nope, very disappointed the wicked spoon is much better and a lot cheaper than the buffet here, sorry guys its the price that makes you want to like this place and not the food.
5	Amazing buffet!! Has anything  you could ask for!! Very polite staff!! Definitely will return!
4	the service was a 5, but i would give it 3 stars because of the food.most of the cooked food was on the salty side & there aren't many vegetarian/vegan options.also, the labels for the foods left out were incorrectly placed.
1	If I can give 0 star,  i would. Last year was terrible and this year is worst. We went on Aug 4 for dinner, party of 7. Prime rib was like rubber, lamb also like rubber. Green tea creme brulee was terrible and  no other dessert worth eating. Expensive as heck, over $50. I don't even know why i even try again. Spend your money at Bellagio Buffet. Cheaper and prime rib is very tender. I am a platinum member of Total Rewards. Anyway, not ever again I guess. I hope I remember next time.
1	Just WOW and not in a good way My family of 14 went to Vegas for a few days to take a little vacation before school starts and we ended up getting the 24-hour pass which we used here (but you also have to pay an upgrade fee of $30 for dinner per person). It made sense when we looked at all the pictures on yelp: king crab legs cut in half, crab cakes, korean bbq, peking duck, etc but we got there NOTHING. It was the bare minimum and it didn't even taste all that great. I guess it depends on what day you go but I wish I knew that before we forked over so much money for something we could have gotten at Rio or Planet Hollywood. All of us were 100% disappointed. The only thing that was okay was that the service was fast when clearing out plates.
4	This place is by far my favorite place to pig out. It's pretty pricey but I feel it is worth it. Service is great. Food is not the best, but better than majority of the buffets on the strip. There are a lot of options to choose from many different type of regions. I just wished they had some Mediterranean food. Tables and chair are comfortable to sit on. Some are even more plush than others. Sometimes the seafood line merges with the carvery line which sometimes causes confusion. I see people wanting seafood  waiting in the very back of the line for carvery station. I got called out by someone for going into the seafood line and they wanted me to wait in the back of the carvery line, no one cared that I went into the seafood line, just that one person. After the altercation quite of few people who was at the carvery line just started to line up behind me because they wanted seafood, I guess. I love their new system of getting into the buffet. They have a kiosk where you sign in to get a ticket telling you when you can come back to the buffet. It's a pretty smart idea, you can kill time by gambling, drinking, or whatever before your check-in window, instead of waiting in line for hours to get seated. Just don't forget to bring that ticket with you.I would recommend coming here if you want to pig out and spend a lot of cash.
5	You know a place is poppin' when you have to wait 2+ hours to get in. But all good, cuz the homie hooked it up with that VIP Status (aka he gamble a lot) so we got in real quick. I'm talking Quickbooks son!I heard Cesar himself ate at this place (My Mexican homie) and even he said "Me encanta!"When in Rome, do as the Romans do, and man do the Romans know how to eat son!Let me break it down for you guys to make this review easier to read.ARCHITECTURE & DESIGN: Ain't nobody trying to eat at a basic ass sit down buffet. This place is architecturally sound! Glass everywhere. Those good old architecturally sound Roman arches (go learn something and Google it) are made of glass! But it's sparkling glass, the type that glistens when lights hit it, kinda like vampires from Twilight. Not that I watch Twilight, just saying. Lay out is pretty awesome too. All foods are separated by segregation. That's right, racism is even alive in food! Asian food towards the rear of the buffet, crackers and deli in the middle, BBQ in the front! Damn right! BBQ deserves to be in the front! Even vegans know!FOOD: Let's get to it! AWEEEESOMMMEE. Brisket and the ribs are good enough to bring PEACE on Mother Earth. They got lamb, chicken, turkey, pork, beef, combine em all and you get LA CHUPA fawking CABRA! Who else you know got LA CHUPA CABRA!?? Even the people serving the food are happy. That's the key, you want people creating your food to be happy as Pharrell, that way you taste the love. Not in a weird way though. You know what I mean! Seafood is everywhere, you want your crab legs? you get your damn crab legs and some! They have ramen soup, though I'm not a big fan or Ramen soup, other people are. Crackers, deli meat and cheese --- DOOO NOT SLEEP ON THIS! I'm talking these are 5-star caliber Lunchables people! Another thing to not sleep on are the Horchata, Guava, and Strawberry drinks they keep in a glass. If you ever have a bad day, one drink of either of those and you taste the meaning of life --- ENJOYMENT BABY! Did I mention there are UNLIMITED mimosas! Mama say, mama say MI-MA-MOSA! (Ode to MJ). I know ya'll Vegas peeps love you some mimosas. I see ya'll on Instagram hashtagging the shit out of it #MIMOSA. DESSERT:Where do you start? Gelato, Ice cream, so much cake, it's ridiculous. The downside of the awesome buffet is you probably won't have enough space for dessert. Of course, they also have fruit, but if you're like me you go straight for the MEAT anyway.If you have the moola and time to spare, or you have a homie in the VIP (brazzers), then try this place out. You won't regret it!
1	Horrible buffet. We went at 5 pm on a Sunday hoping to avoid a long line. We printed a ticket from the kiosk and had a 1 hour wait. Once seated it took about 10 minutes for our server to take our drink order. Both of my kids ordered Dr Pepper. The server came back and said they don't have Dr Pepper and he brought root beer instead. Food selection isn't anything special. Very very long lines for each good station. I ate at the planet hollywood buffet last week and the crab legs there were much better quality. Nothing we ate was memorable. I don't feel like the selection was bigger than other strip buffets.Service was awful. Our server never cleaned up our dirty plates and never refilled our drinks. Tables are very small and we were very cramped with all the dirty plates.The dessert section had no plates so I had to go search some out. The desserts looked good, but lacked in taste. The macaroons had a jelly filling and I spit it out it was so bad. The ice cream melted before I got back to my table. The coconut macaroons felt like dough flavored with fake coconut. I tried several other desserts and nothing was good. I like to have a cup of coffee with my desserts at buffets but since our server was MIA I couldn't even ask for one.Very disappointed. Don't waste your time or money on this buffet.
4	Our favorite buffet in Vegas. Always a wait but they do have those handy dandy kiosk that you can sign in to and they'll text you when you're at the front of the line so at least I can wander off around the casino. I throw caution to the wind when I'm here and forget about logging my daily caloric intake on myfitnesspal because inevitably we end up sitting around for 2 hours and I've eaten more than is reasonably safe. Anyhow, I think I've sampled a bit of everything here and everything is pretty good but the only area I care about is the seafood - which means shrimp, crab legs, oysters until I'm full. Only downside is everyone probably thinks just like me so the line at the seafood bar is quite long and it becomes sort of a pain to go through the line each time - but I guess it gives me time to digest the food while I wait. Their dessert bar is decent - although I only go for the chocolate covered strawberries, crepes, and mochi ice cream - everything else is standard.
2	I would say that this place is impressive but then I'd be lying, the servers and hosts were very rude, we made reservations for 11:45 am and were told when we arrived that they don't take reservations and then we were  told they do, then they told us you we would be texted when your tables were ready, an hour  and a half go by,  and still no text, so then we go up and ask what's going on and we are told that we cannot sit together and that if we wanted tables together it was going to be an 18 % gratuity in addition to  the already 600$ bill for breakfast, being that we were a party of 11 that would normally make sense but being that this is a BUFFET,  we were not having it, when a manager finally came she was rude and unapologetic, and seemed to roll her eyes and just generally was very unprofessional, she told us basically she can't do anything, then rudely said I will get the general manager and he can explain it to you the same way I did and maybe you'll understand. Another  thing the subordinate manager said later on that was rude was when she had us being taken to our seats  she told the host to make sure she split us up,even after all the hassle of simply letting us sit together , so the general manager comes out and before he did they were telling us that even if we split up into two groups we'd still be charged gratuity and the tables wouldn't be close, finally we get sat and and the general manager was able to take off the gratuity and we got two tables and they were semi close. The food was great until a few hours later when my stomach was unsettled and I threw my 600$ meal up. Long story short, I would never return there and strongly advise others against it as well, the only reason it gets 2 stars is because the food was decent, service is terrible and aside from the general manager, management was very unprofessional.
5	THE BEST BUFFET ON THE STRIP (perhaps in Vegas?) BAR NONE!I remember going to the Caesar's buffet when it was a few heating lamps and steam tables.  Certainly nothing to clamor about and the food was bleah.  Not anymore!  Bacchanal has turned Caesar's table for the better.We went on Thursday for a late lunch as we were flying back home later that evening.  Very short queue for a line and then when we were seated it was right in front of the dessert bar.  Bad idea on their part, great for us!  Their buffet had everything.  Stone crab claws, oysters on the half, HUGE cocktail shrimp, street tacos, prime rib, brisket cooked for 18 hours, pasta and pizzas, sushi and dim sum...and that's just to name a few things!  Their seats were cushy and comfortable, and the buffet line seemed to go on and on and on.  Their cooking staff is also great, personable and had great customer service.  For desserts, they had a crepe chef, shaved ice (delicious house/custom flavors) and gelato as well as various cupcakes, cheese cakes and other small plates of incredible gastronomy.  While Bacchanal is pricier than most other buffets on the Strip, you literally get what you pay for.  If you're big on buffets and really know how to eat at a buffet, the costs are nominal.  I made my money's worth on prime rib and oysters alone!I hesitate giving them such a high rating as it will just make lines even longer, but they certainly deserve it.  I would probably ding them for not serving Coke (the serve Pepsi), but they more than made up for it with their fresh juices (the mango is to die for!!!).
4	This is definitely the best buffet in Vegas, however the wait is extremely long. They have a great selection of carved meats, seafood, Italian food, Asian food and even 'sushi'. Their Sunday brunch buffet is great.  I highly recommend their gravlax/smoked salmon, any of their carved meats, the ceviche (absolutely amazing) and the crab legs. And the best thing about the Sunday brunch was unlimited mimosas (however, I only got two as our server did not check on us very often).
5	Really great variety of food. Strangely arrange though. The lines for the meat options (brisket, rack of lamb, prime rib) and for the seafood (mostly shrimp and crab legs) were really long and interrupted the flow of the other food stands. It was also difficult to find plates while already in said lines. A few times my friends would have to exit the lines when they were near the front since the plates were at different locations. Service was excellent though! We requested several refills and our waitress was always prompt and sweet. I liked the dim sum options- nothing strange or exquisite. It was what you'd normally order at dim sum restaurants like Ocean star. I also liked that the chef had offered to boil my crab legs too. My favorite was the prime rib and Mac n cheese. We prepaid with premium seating so we only waited a maximum of 15 minutes to find seating.
2	So we went to check out bacchanal buffet after hearing all the hype about it. We waiting about 1 hours in line. Once we got seated our server came and took our drink orders and ask if we wanted some wine . Service was great. Lets talk about the food now... Nothing there made me say "wow I have to come back to eat this again" Presentation of the food was nice. But once you took a bite of your food most of it lack flavor or had something missing. The food did not wow me.  I will not be returning.
5	I wasn't sure what to expect, because based on reviews, people either love this place or hate it.  My husband and I took a quick trip to getaway, and this was to be our special meal after seeing it on an episode of Brew Dogs. We decided to do lunch instead of dinner - it was $34.99 per person for lunch, and the wait was shorter.The place is decorated nicely for a buffet.  Probably one of the better ones I've been too.The food was spectacular.  I can say hands down that this is the best buffet that I've ever eaten at.  Neither my husband and I eat seafood but they have quite a large selection of that, and you could easily eat your monies worth in sushi alone.I had several helpings of the yellow curry.  It had excellent flavor - some of the best curry that I've eaten to date.  My only complaint is that there was not any rice available to eat with it. I also really loved the macaroni and cheese.  It had a really nice smoky flavor. Not your average cheese and noodles.  I was also a fan of the brisket sliders.My husband really liked the prime rib and the giant slab of bacon.For dessert they had a good selection that looked as amazing as it tasted.  We both loved the apple pie with the crumb topping.  It was the best apple pie I've ever had (don't tell mom).  There was an Oreo Mousse that I'm wishing for more of right now, an excellent carrot cake, mango pudding, and a chocolate raspberry torte.  I have to see this was one of my favorite meals in Vegas, and I intend to eat here again.
2	Poorly organized for a buffet.  People lined up like cattle in one long line for prime rib and seafood ie crab legs.  Food ok not awesome; question the $51 price.
3	$55 brunch Sunday The line was ridiculous, it stretched into the casino. Luckily my friend was a diamond status member so we walked up to the front.$55 a person is a little high for me. Bellagio is actually cheaper and has more selection. The $55 includes bottomless champagne or mimosa. If you don't drink this, then it's probably not worth paying the $55.Salad Bar-small and boring, but who the hell eats salad if you pay that muchAsian foods-I have to say we're horrible. No line for the Asian hot foods, and it tasted like Panda Express.Sushi-small selection, but made fresh. Don't expect much from sushi at this place.Italian/anti pasta- awesome. Lots of selection and everything was made fresh. The quality was in the taste.Mexican-a taco bar (who eats tacos at a $55 Buffett) I day skip the Mexican food and get your money's worth. But taste was ahhhhhh okSoul food-surprised to see soul food and BBQ but it was good. Everything also fresh and a lot of southern dishes you don't normally see in restaurants.French cuisine-line was to long to get this, but kind of a small selection blah.American-this area was the longest line, turkey, prime rib, ribs, filet minion. Of course I was a fat ass and had all of it, and was well worth the wait. Amazing selections.Seafood-the best area. Crab, lobster bisque, shrimp galore, fried fish, and everything you can think of, but no lobster tail. For $55 this was the biggest disappointment. Bellagio and Rio has lobster cuisines including lobster tail for cheaper.Dessert-selection was amazing. So much to choose from. Definitely make room for dessert. So much high end selections here as well especially if you like chocolates or sweets. I went to town on the desserts.I would go back again but not for brunch. Dinner serves the shames selection for cheaper which is why I say it's only worth it if you drink champagne. Outside of brunch I would go back  for the selections they have, but I gave this place a 3 star because of the wait, and the price.
2	Food is very good.  It's the price I have issues with.  $51 per person for dinner?  Is that the way it's going to go?  Really?  I thought $40 was high end.  This place is just not worth $51 for one buffet.
5	Hands down the best buffet in Vegas, it's nearly impossible to try everything because of their huge selection. It was like heaven in my mouth, my favorite foods were the pesto clams and oysters in some zesty sauce. The crab legs are excellent quality and the dessert bar is magical. This place is a must.
4	They had warm snow crab legs, which was different cuz it's usually cold. I prefer the cold crab legs because they're sweeter. They had macaroons for dessert which was a bonus. Their udon tastes like regular udon broth. They had a lot of oysters and different toppings for the oysters like horseradish. Most places don't give that. I liked their tamarin juice drink. It was a little sour.
5	Best buffet in Vegas as of August 2014. Asian section is kind of tucked away in the back but once you find it there's sushi,  noodle soups in different varieties,  dim sum and other yummy dishes.  Meat section, as I called it but I think properly it was the American section,  served a carving station with all the meat you could ask for,  tons of potato dishes (my fave was the truffled potatoes), even a quinoa dish, although it didn't taste particularly healthy.Bottomless Mimosas were great but dangerous. Tips* Stay awhile and enjoy dessert too. Green tea creme brulee was awesome!* Asian section is in the back (#minoritycorner)* Truffled potatoes = must try* Stop by the noodle station
2	Like most places in Vegas, this buffet is overrated. After reading the reviews here, my girlfriend and I were so excited to try what most people call the best buffet in Vegas. I recommend that you go to this buffet a little before 3 pm. This way the line is very short, you pay the lunch price rather than the dinner price, and you can eat dinner items because they will be serving it starting at 3 pm. The service sucked (see below). The food was just okay. Not crappy, but not great if you are paying $50 a person. I'll go in order:The salad ingredients were fresh, but that's not hard. Their "cheese" menu was severely lacking -- there were only 3 kinds of cheese, and they were all extra sharp. The soups were cold because most people want to make their money by focusing on the expensive meats, so the soups just sit there and hardly anyone eats them -- I love clam chowder, but theirs was cold and lumpy. I asked them if they could warm it up and they said it was a fresh batch. (It wasn't a fresh batch.)The Asian ramen stand is good, and although I don't usually like tofu, theirs was really good. However, you can get a lot of good ramen from asian restaurants for a lot less money (and you should probably avoid ramen at buffets because it is so filling). My favorite item was the creamy salmon, but none of the sides were good, so eating just salmon was boring. The crab was a little too salty. The prime rib only comes in medium rare -- disgusting. The "lobster" corn chowder barely had any lobster, and in any case was not very good.I didn't try the taco station because I live in San Diego, home of the best tacos in the country. But people kept lining up for them, so maybe they are worth a try.The dessert was lacking as well. The gelato section looks interesting, but there is a line for it, and they only give you one little scoop per visit. I had to wait in line three times to try 3 flavors. They all tasted like frozen yogurt, and not the good kind. The cheesecake only came in sugar-free form. (What?)All we wanted for drinks were hot tea, but they don't have tea pots. Instead, they use their coffee pots and just add water to them. So the tea just tastes like old coffee. We kept asking the server if they could wash them out and she said all she can do is add water. The tea was just horrible because it just tasted like bad coffee.They make sure the most filling items are well stocked, so people get full faster at a lower cost to them. We've definitely been to better buffets that cost much less.
2	I try to go to at least one Vegas buffet a year...and I am continually disappointed. I came her during lunch it was earlier in the day so it wasn't too crowded. The food was mediocre. The sushi selection was not really a selection. It looked rather sad actually only 4 choices of rolls and no sashimi. The dim sum selection was quite large however the shumai is the only thing worth gettingThe seafood selection was not an actual selection. The crab claws hardly had any meat and the oyster shooters were super salty.Overall the desserts are the reason why I gave this place two stars. The pan dan tiramisu and the red velvet whoopie pie were my favorite.
4	It's hard to rate a buffet because it's really all about the items YOU choose. And here, there are soooo many to choose from, I am sure 100 people will have 100 completely different experiences based on what they choose to eat.This buffet is massive and good quality for a buffet, so if you can't find something you like, you are probably just in a bad mood or a true buffet hater, and then you shoulda stayed home.Service for us was spotty, thus not 5 stars. We stopped seeing our waitress after the first two orange juices and though we didn't stay long, plates did stay in the middle of our table with no pick-up.We went for lunch. I'll give you an idea of what you can expect here at the various stations:--Fresh cold and cooked seafood items, including crab and shrimp. I tried the corn lobster soup and it was super salty and some baked cod that I didn't like, so my impression here was not great. But lots of folks just piled plates high with in-shell crab and had at it, so I'm guessing that was a hit.--Italian station. Pastas and pizzas. I didn't try anything here but my daughter thought the pizza was delicious.--Salad station. I am a salad lover, so I was sad to see that nothing in this section looked appealing to me.--Indian food--Sushi. YES! The salmon and hamachi nigiri were small but quite good. There were also some sushi rolls that were OK.--Chinese. Didn't try any, but decent selection and some dim sum items.--American station with the carved meats, sliders, baked potatoes, etc. This was one of the more crowded stations, but I'll admit I tried none of it.--Mexican station: Living in the Portland area where Mexican food generally sucks, I loved this section! Someone was there to grill up mini tacos for you and there were mini tostadas and green chili verde, and more. Between this and the sushi station, I was happy.--Desserts: You know when you go into a Whole Foods and the bakery has all those mini desserts that look so good but cost like $4-5 each? So you pick your favorite and go home? Well imagine that you've paid this $36 entrance fee, and now you can literally try as many as you want! I took a bite of about 7 of them. Nothing really stood out to me, but I have the same experience at Whole Foods. More eye candy than anything. For dessert fiends though, you could have your whole meal at this station. There is a LOT to choose from, including all the mini desserts and some gelato and a crepe station.
5	I gotta say. Bacchanal Buffet is one of the top buffet in Vegas. If you go Vegas without stopping by Bacchanal, then it is one of the big lost that you have.The foods here are good and have more variety , especially the desserts. One of  my favorite dessert that you cannot find where else at the buffet is Macaroons. All you can eat Macaroons. Make your money worth while you are in Vegas
4	Bacchanal is a good example of how a place can be really good and still overrated.  I felt like there was a lot of hype for this place, and all the anticipation gave me ridiculously high expectations, it's heavily oversold and I bought in.  Ultimately, I am giving it 4 stars because I really did liked the food and they have tremendous variety, but the service wasn't very good.Like all the great buffets, they have many different stations, but the crown jewel is the carving station.  They have A LOT of meats: prime rib, ham, different kinds of sausage, brisket, lamb chops, ribs... and I'm sure I'm forgetting some, I didn't try all of them, but I tried a lot of them and they range from very good to great, the lamb chops being my favorite.  Other standouts were the dumplings, cheese station, crab legs, cake pops, and little jars of agua fresca.  The dessert station is surprisingly hit or miss.I recommend trying to get your money's worth because it certainly ain't cheap, especially if you pay the extra $20 to stand in the 30min VIP line to bypass the peons in the 2hr line.  Our waitress was friendly, but hard to get a hold of, so much so that after waiting quite a while to get a refill, I told her to please bring me 2 drinks when she finally came around.Bacchanal is a great buffet, easily in my top 5 buffets, but Wicked Spoon and the Aria Buffet both rank higher in that list.
5	I haven't been to this buffet since it opened but it was the best I ever tasted.  It was better than Bellagio and I've been there several times.  As a person that use to live in Vegas, I know my buffets and this one is the best.  I hope to go to this one on our next trip!
5	Literally fell in love the moment I had my first bite of the seafood offered here lol. Man it's so upscale and quality when it comes to food here. The price is definitely worth paying for when eating here seriously. I used to be so in love with the M buffet but now differ.
3	What's all the buzz ?! We simply thought this place was okay.The wow factor for us was simply the variety of food offered and nothing we ate knocked our socks off ..... I will say the dim sum was pretty good ..as good as the spots we have here in the bay area but that was it.
5	Best best buffet in Las Vegas. The food was great sooo good. There's a a lot of food stations also an ice cram station loved it. Haven't been to buffet like this .
3	Rated as the best buffet in the nation, we had to give this a try and had certain expectations. Sadly, we found this place overrated.The free-flowing champagne was a huge plus, their dessert bar was aesthetically pleasing and enjoyable, and my favorite item were the red velvet pancakes!The rest of the food wasn't too memorable, and overall tasted bland. It was still an incredibly fun atmosphere and and we enjoyed having brunch here at Bacchanal Buffet. Do check it out and enjoy the experience.
5	Every visit to Vegas must include this buffet. Lunch or dinner, expect to surprise yourself with 2 hours of gourmet food and drink. Our lunch included bottomless mimosa's which was a nice touch. Went a second time for dinner and was also very satisfied. Line can get long (1hr wait or so), so go during off-peak hours.Beware of requesting a small plate of crab legs though; they will ignore your request and pile on about 15-20 legs.
5	New waiting system, you first come in and get ticket they will tell you the wait time, you can come back when your table it's almost ready. They should do this for all the buffet at Vegas. :) (wait it's less than 20min. After you come back from the time they text you)Over all food quality it's one of the best I would say, great quality for the price and many selection. Fresh sea food, king crab leg, oyster. Very good prime ribs, and they got the bomb chicken soup. Love the trendy decor, try to get the seat next to the window by the pool, it's really nice, great with groups of friend. Definitely the buffet of Vegas, I would come back every time cus their wait it's a lot shorter now.
2	It's basically not worth the long waiting. It took me almost 90 min to get a table. The quality of food is less than average.
4	It is pretty much as good as everyone says it is.  The food choices are incredible.  Like, literally my plate was full after I looked at just 1/4 of the food (not including the desserts).  Some of my favorites were the sweet potato tater tots, chips and guacamole, mashed potatoes and gravy and baked beans.  They had really cool stations that I had never seen at another buffet before, such as artisanal cheese.  I would definitely come back because the food was good and there were a TON of options so if you have a party that has picky eaters, they will likely find something up their alley.The hostess who sat us was also very nice.  When she found out that my sister had been to the buffet before and recommended that I come, she thanked my sister for returning and suggesting I visit.  They have to know that word of mouth marketing is really strong and you can tell that everyone takes their jobs very seriously.  They had more staff on hand (cleaning tables, setting tables, serving, preparing food) than any other buffet.  They are obviously spending a lot of wages, but the quality of that really comes through.  I even asked someone at the dessert station about desserts without nuts and she didn't know she she checked with someone instead of just guessing (as happened to me at other buffets).  That follow up, even if simple, goes a long way with me.With that being said, the price was ridiculous.  it was $75 for two of us for lunch.  I know they have to charge that much because of the seafood and sushi, but as a girl with simple tastes, my dinner probably only cost them a couple dollars to make, at most.  Considering how shitty all the other buffets were, though, I would gladly spend more to be able to eat here.
5	This place is amazing. Everything was fresh! The seafood was fresh.  The meats were seasoned and cooked to perfection.  The sides were great.  I live that you can check in then go walk around until it's ti.e for u to be seated, that just makes it so convenient.  Waitress was good she kept my champagne topped. Overall great experience
3	just ok.  would not go back for $50.  the yelpers giving 5 stars do not know any better and are the Obama voters.
5	I have a couple of disclosures.  One i am a seven star member (that is the highest rated player).  Two i never pay for food at any of the caesars group hotels.I really liked the buffet.  The selection is huge.  The food is really good.  The desserts are incredible.  But what i liked most of all was every time i went to refill my plate, when i came back my plate was cleared and i had a fresh utensil set.I know i sit in a special section but this made my experience perfect.  I have eaten here several times and always had a great experience.
3	This is our second time in this buffet and I have to say I am not as impressed as I was the first time. I understand I have to wait and I am ok with that and I love the system that you have. Got to the table got drinks right away but been sitting and eating for about an hour now and no one even stopped or asked if I want a refill. The table next to me, the people left about 45 minuets ago and no one came to clean the table and have it ready for the next couple ( is this the reason for the wait times ? And then you are charging $20 per person if they don't want to wait ? ) Food was great and I will sure to come back for the food but the service at the table is a joke and that is the reason for my 3 stars. Come in enjoy the food but ask from the get go an extra drink and be here 1/2 an hour to an hour early to get in at the time you want because while it took me about 8 min to write this review they still didn't clean the table next to me or picked up the empty plates from our table since we got here.
4	The desserts... Deliciouuuusssss. And I am very particular about desserts. I don't like huge portions and sugar saturated foods.All the desserts I had here were flavorful and not too sweet. They were perfect. I devoured everything I got (see pix). Went to "The Buffet" at Wynn the next day; they are supposed to be known for sweets. It did not compare to what I had here.  I thought the crab here was not as good as Wynn's but my friend liked it better. They come out warm. My other friend said the oysters were better here. My friends liked the seafood. Other foods I liked: Lamb, corn, mashed potatoes. Friends liked their seafood and apparently they use really expensive meat in their slidersDrink: tea drinks were really good. not too sweetServers- Excellent. Came around frequently taking away our plates and filling our drinks. Was there on a Friday around 530pmThe reason for minus 1 star- The price. They had a wide variety of food. I think it was worth it.
3	This buffet is way over rated. Considering this is supposed to be the best buffet in town,  I found it a little average. The selections were plentiful but the wait times and the quality was subpar. Seriously there were so many people in line for the raw oysters,  shrimps,  and crab legs that my boyfriend ate 2 plates before I came back with just one. This place is a mad house on the weekends as well. One review said the chefs were friendly but they were so busy on Friday that no one bothered to look up from refilling their stations. The price also increases x2 on weekends and there are so many kids. The service was alright. The waitress cleared our tables in a timely manner and our refills kept coming. The dessert bar is also amazing. They have mini versions of everything. My favorite has to be the creme brulee and the flan.
2	Overrated. Funny part is when you're at the front of the line, about to enter - they actually have a photographer there who will take your picture (like you're at Disneyland) if you want.  There was nothing wrong with the buffet, but it was rather enlightening/disappointing when we had lunch at the Aria buffet the next day and they essentially had all the same things (and I'm talking about the good stuff - shrimp, cold and warm crab legs - in fact, their crab legs tasted even better than Baccahanal's).  And that was obviously way cheaper.  Well, now we know.  At least we can say we tried it once.
4	Had this for a second time and enjoyed it as much as my first.  If you're looking for sushi or may, go to wynn or bellagioGood:Seafood qualityHuge assortment of food.Dessert selection.DecorService!Bad:PricingSushiOk:MeatAsian food
4	shrimp, oysters and crab legs! Don't get anything else! Oh and really liked their juices-- horchata, jamica and guava
3	$55 for dinner on a Monday. 5:20pm no wait. Dim sum, a bit bland. Xiu Mai pork wasn't very flavorful. Mediocre sushi selection. The nagiri was laughable. Oyster was fresh. Cold crab legs were well stocked.  Hot crab legs tasted good. Prime rib was good. Very dry looking chow mien and chow fun was bland. So basically ignore their crappy Asian selections. Burger sliders dry and over cooked. Mexican corn on the cob on point. Liked their mushroom risotto. "Fresh" Fruit is sour. Dessert is good. Liked the mango pudding and Nutella coffee ice cream. Lava cake dry. Flan was ok. Horchata watery. Pineapple juice good. Reviewed while I was eating.  6:50pm departure and a good amount of people in line. It's good compared to other buffets on the strip but I'm not sure it's worth $55 or a long wait.
5	Me and my boyfriend expected the wait to be extremely long but we went at 2:30 (after the lunch rush) this past Friday, and we were seated within 10 minutes! The selection was awesome, and we focused heavily on the fresh oysters and shrimp. The dessert area was amazing as well so save room! Crepes and shave ice made to order!It was about $77 for two, plus we tipped the staff that were fairly attentive in cleaning up our used plates. You definitely pay for the variety in food ranging from American to Mexican, Japanese, Chinese and more.
3	Sad to say I was a tad bit disappointed.In all fairness though, I was pretty hungover so it was hard for me to enjoy the food. Don't get me wrong - everything was decent but I think a lot of people hyped this place for me. I rarely go to buffets in Vegas but when I do, I go straight to the crab and shrimp. Typical asian, going for the expensive stuff. I started off at the very end which was the dim sum/asian side. Everything was good. I tried a bit of my friends things as well. Sushi looked weird. Prime Rib was bomb. The truffle cheese scalloped potatoes were BOMB. The crab was a bit salty but it was really good (and it was sliced in half for easy access *wink) The shrimp is always good and unfortunately I don't like the oysters but I hear they were good. I was pretty satisfied with the plain crepe with nutella for dessert but I wish I had gelato. My stomach just said NO MORE. I wouldn't mind coming back here. Endless mimosas.. how can I say no. For 60 bucks though, I think I would rather eat at the Wynn buffet for half the price
2	It was an interesting experience. Very crowded arrangements of seatings w barely ne walk ways to table. Most foods r very salty n dry. N their long single line arrangement of food stations cutting off to bk area  was like bing in some sort of maze.  Best i can remembr is the zucchini side dish. Aqua fresca in individual bottles were cute but cant say flavors were as good. Condiments r hard to reach or see. Fortunately i paid lunch price bfr starting of dinner n had no line to wait in.  If it was othrwise i would've been very unhappy. Oh! But Shrimp lovers u'd like their jumbo cocktail but crab legs r waaaaaaaay bettr at wynn! Barely ne meat to eat.
5	Whoaaaa maybe better than Wicked Spoon buffet at the Cosmo!  My party of 8 were very lucky to get a spot for dinner.  They were sold out for dinner on Saturday night and we were on standby.  Only waited 15 minutes!  I think the lady felt sorry because I looked like a sad, starving puppy so she let us in, but split our group in two, which is fine with me!  They have great selections.  Fresh sushi and crab legs!  My favorite was the dessert bar! OMG the ice cream was mad good!! There is always a line here so come early!!
4	Have been here twice, first time was during weekday lunch, price are reasonable and food has lots to choose from! Oysters, hot dishes, dimsum, ramen, pizza, pasta, guacamole, tons of dessert. It's under 25/person! Food taste in general very delicious, I was very satisfied! Second time came on a Sunday. It was their Sunday brunch, unlimited champaign and mimosa, I am not a big drinker and I could do without it. The food is still very good, and added the crab leg. Crab leg is very fresh and tasty compare to other buffets I have been to in vegas. It was 50/personBut I would prefer just to come during weekday.. I could do without the crab leg and mimosa.
4	The best ever. Crab legs, meat selection, cheeses, etc.... Whatever other buffets have just 20x better. It's just a little pricey but worth the money and wait time. Come early and get a fast pass ticket!
5	Ok, We already all know the food here is amazing, but has anyone mentioned the staff? Honestly, every time I go to a buffet in Vegas I feel like I am left on my own. Yes, I know that is the point, but where is my waiter half the time? Even then, I feel as if they are saying to themselves "Oh God, here is another round of people to stuff themselves". Bacchanal Buffet is different,  in so many ways. We came her after a very disappointing Saturday night delayed flight into Vegas for a Bachelorette party. We stayed up until 6am to make up for it.  We knew the wait would be long at Bacchanal, but just could not make it there until 12:30pm.The hostess Erma told us to go get a time card from the machine. It printed out with a time to come back (kind of like a fast pass at Disneyland) for 3:15pm. We were so sad because the bottomless mimosa's on Sunday only go to 3:00pm and we had a whole itinerary planed for our soon to be bride. I went up to Erma to ask her if there was anything to be done. Seeing how we had a Bachelorette who's face was covered in crushed dreams, she asked to see my ticket.. and then allowed us to go in!! Erma you are the best :) The wait was a bit long to get to our table but once there our waiter Jeff and busser Vladamir took great care of us. Jeff was amazing. He kept our mimosa's full, and even played games with us to see who had had the most to drink. We loved his humor, attention to detail, and the fact that he never let us see the bottom of our mimosa glasses ;)We also met the manager Wolf. We actually met him when trying to find Bacchanal inside Caesars. He kindly showed us the way and mentioned he worked there. Later in our brunch he came over to our table and asked us how everything was. Upon remembering us we began joking. We ended up having a nice little banter between our server Jeff, Wolf and our table. Jeff even brought an assortment of deserts from the buffet with a candle in it for our Bachelorette to blow out in a celebratory congratulations! The food here is amazing to say the least, but the staff behind it all is equally as satisfying. I know this review seems to have a lot of info about the staff, but they truly made our experience so fun! I want to thank you for making my friends Bachelorette brunch so memorable!!  Seriously, ask for Erma, Jeff, Vladamir, and Wolf! They are amazing! Also.... get an many crabs legs as you can. They are super fresh!! :)
3	We came at 3:30 and we had missed the lunch buffet which ends at 3 pm. When we arrived, there wasn't that infamous line that Bacchanal is known for. We didn't have to use the kiosk as there was no line to get in. After paying $55 each, we were whisked away to have our picture taken. Hmm, I guess for some it may be a memento that they dined at one of Vegas' great buffets. I had high hopes of eating at this grandiose of a buffet. I'm sorry but our experience was just mediocre. There was no lobster tail, instead they offered steam snow crab legs. Bummer! I had some of the crab legs, basically the same crab legs I would find at any other buffet. I tried the lobster chowder, bland and cold. Hubby had a couple of slices of prime rib, just ok. The ribs were nothing to write home about. The lettuce wedge was bland as well. As a matter of fact, most of the food was quite bland and either cold or old?! The fried rice at the Chinese food section was dried out and looked unappetizing. After having so many misses with my food, I found that they had Tonkotsu ramen! Ugh! The noodles were mushy and overcooked. Matter of fact, nothing stood out in my memory as spectacular. It was just another buffet. After being there for an hour, I noticed that there were some people who really enjoyed this buffet. There was a group of about eight people and three of them were asleep in their chairs while others were getting endless plates of food. We could see that they got their money's worth because there was a mess of plates on their table. Seriously, if you are gonna take a nap, isn't it time to call it quits?? Go back to the hotel if you're gonna sleep, people! Anyway, Bacchanal failed to impress me, it was more quantity than quality. I had high hopes, but the food was just mediocre. I would have rather eaten at a fine dining establishment at that price. To me, it was a lackluster experience, but so glad I got it off my bookmark!
5	Truly the buffet of buffets! Nothing can compare to the quality, variety, and taste of the food. I can honestly say it's the best buffet in Vegas. It is expensive, yes, but you get what you pay for. Go hungry and enjoy!
5	Oh boy.Everything you can think of is served at bacchanal! I usually don't eat big portions but I went back like 5 times just to try a little bit of everything. They have Asian, mexican, delicious seafood, and lots of cuts of meat. Mac and cheese, green beans, crab legs, crawdaddies! Ugh I could keep on going.The best part was the dessert section. Cake pops, macaroons, mochiAnd even beignets! *drool* Everything I had tasted fresh and had plenty of flavor, but my favorite was this mango pudding from the dessert, I wished I had more room to have had one more. Service is great but tipping is confusing. You pay before you sit and can write in a tip then. I has cash that I was going to leave at the end so didn't write any on the receipt. I noticed they didn't stamp my ticket with "tip", idk what the purpose of that is. Service was still great, drinks refilled, plates cleared. When we first got there we were told an hour wait but got a text in 12 min. Pricey but worth it.
4	For a buffet place, this place is the king.  Although there were lots of ppl.  it felt like you were the only there.  Other than the dim sum,  the food tasted good.
5	Man one of the best buffets I been to in Vegas .. Food is fresh and tastes so good .. The staff is super friendly and top of it .
4	60 bucks! Well worth it. I was tired of spending $30 average on restaurants for just 1-2 entrees. So I said lets do a buffet! This buffet was great all around. Service was excellent as I didnt have to wait in line. I a vip guest. Cut right to the front. Haha. There was about 30 people in line. Service was great. Food was excellent. King crab. Huge shrimp. Raw oyster. They had a Hispanic selection. Asian selection. Sushi. The sushi was standard. The asian food was very good. Even the fried rice was delicious. They also had dim sum. The desserts was good. So much macaroons! Over for $60 I think its well worth it as so much variety with great quality not just quantity. Give it a shot. One of the the better buffets in vegas and I tried many. Come extra hungry.
3	I come to Vegas very often especially to try out the new restaurants since I am a true foodie and I heard so much hype about this place of course I had to try it. When I got there the lines was ridiculously long.  They said the wait was over 3 hours long.  I don't know if it's just me but I would never wait in line for 3 hours to eat anywhere.  Luckily my husband is a VIP card holder so we didn't have to wait in the long line which was definitely a plus.  Otherwise I would have left without trying this place.I have tried mostly all the buffets in Vegas so I had really high expectations for this place. For a buffet their decor is very impressive.  Maybe that's why their prices are a bit higher than most other buffets in Vegas.  The food was pretty good and the dessert selection was great but I don't see anything that really stands out about this place except for the fact that you have to stand in line for hours for most people and that the price is more than most of the other buffets where you can get about the same quality of food for less in my opinion.  If your a first timer in Vegas this place will most likely be impressive.  For all the regulars I don't think it's worth all the hype.
4	By far got too be the last Vegas yelper check out the Bacchanal Buffet. Save the best review for last. LOL! Right off not much of buffet person in general but the last two trips at buffet. Like to think hit current top two Wicked Spoon and Bacchanal. Not so entirely different besides the obvious both PRICEY although Wicked Spoon save little bit. Thankfully got here super early so no dealing with horror stories of long waits or find that fast pass get in and out. I guess some card program or whatever jump ahead in line. Still always hook. This one sure you go in separate line still have wait so really that much faster?? Best advice go early if want to avoid lines. Thankfully my friends visiting had good day gambling so never had pay the ridiculous price for dinner. The food I had nothing but praise for the diversity of food! Somethings that found never seen before at a buffet. The ramen station. On this night never got any cause the person working the station was non existence or even was at the station had back turned seem disinterested checking for customers. Needless too say never tried any. They had station of freshly squeezed juices in little kraft glasses all on ice and nice setup. Horchata as one of the choices found interesting. I went with the guava tasted really refreshing and good. The cold seafood section with the snow crab legs not often you see. I think snow crab legs are over rated besides lot of work get meat out. I rather stick with the crab legs. The craving station was mile high of meats from prime rib, sausage, brisket, and sure missing couple more. The sushi station though great was rolls not just your standard fare ones but spicy tuna and not just bland ones. The nigiri looked pretty good (tasted pretty solid for buffet) and again more then just your standard ones. The charcuterie station with meats and cheeses and breads. Something hardly see in buffets. Thumbs up! Ethic stations or trend in buffets got your italian station, asian station, and so on. Some hit or misses but its buffet with that many options it is what it is. The dessert station again like the diversity. They even make fresh crepes. I was way full get any. Overall the food here is really good and although paying for it like to think getting the quality in the price.The things dislike. I think the tables are WAY too close to one another. I felt like eating in cafeteria at times. Three of us. The next round table literally tight fit turn the table around so  one of my friends could slide her chair in and out. Our server not the quickest came getting our drinks and keeping them filled. The location it tucked in the back. So if not sure Bacchanal can be hard to find.
5	O my this buffet has everything and is hands down maybe the best buffet in the vegas strip... Yes I said it, best as in better than WS.why you ask? K. here it goes.quality of food. Ambiance.. almost the same amount of variety as WS, Bacchanal just had a nod more. Especially desserts. The sushi and Asian food selection much more home style cooked which I liked a lot. This time around the seafood much better and tasty. All the amenities and condiments made the food experience of taste and flavor much better. Also the Spanish/ Mexican cuisine was awesome!!! great Tacos, great condiment bar and especially the juices. yes, there are different selections. WS had bone marrow, and yes its delightful and hard to find places that serve it. But it wasn't amazing I thought it would be. However, Bacchanal has a great variety and it's selection compared to WS... what I liked most was after each cultured section there are condiments after condiments. For example, Chinese had there soy sauce, garlic chips, preserved eggs and onions. Thai/ Vietnamese had all the spices, limes and basil. That is what amazed me was giving the customer the opportunity to customize of enhance all the flavors and foods to there specs. So many extras and extra ingredients after each section I loved. As a chef this is a for sure hit and a great way to experiment with your food. Bow down!! and a round of applause and smiles from my side of party goers and restaurant loyalists you sure thought out every little spec to be the best buffet!. Thank you for a great experience... O also a side note i compared WS and bacchanal by eating trying each one in a 4 day stretch. 1st day bacchanal for dinner, 2nd day WS for brunch.. 3rd day took a break from eating.. 4th day bacchanal for brunch. boom! thank you chefs keep it up!
1	What a waste of money.  We came here last year and the food was so much better!  And they had lots of different foods, the food was in cute little portion, it was so good and look amazing too! I've been looking forward to coming back to vegas for this buffet, but I am extremely disappointed. This year we come here with family of 5 for lunch spent $200 and the food wasn't good! Just like a regular buffet anywhere else. My husband ate about $5 worth of food.
4	Good buffet, worth your money if you are a seafood lover! The chicken and waffles along with the fresh crepe were good too! Mimosa on weekends.
4	I have been to Vegas plenty and experienced good and bad buffets.  Bellagio and Aria, great!  Monte Carlo and Luxor, not so much.   The Bacchanal is one of the good ones.  Everything tasted extremely fresh and although there was a wide array of food, they weren't trying to do every type of dish of every single cuisine.  I was really surprised by their Asian selection.  The sushi tasted made to order and was super fresh as was their pad thai.  So, so good.  As is to be expected, their seafood section was mobbed.  Although the crab legs were the most visited area, I thoroughly enjoyed their crawfish boil, mussels in lemon sauce, and clams in a garlic sauce.  Those were the standout seafood dishes for me.  As expected, the lines can be quite long but service is great.  It seems they have a dedicated waitress and busboy for each section so there isn't a huge pileup on plates or empty drinks.  If you are looking for an intimate meal, this is not the place to go.  It's always bustling and always full.  But impressive food for a buffet!
4	Not bad.. Really clean. Great desserts. Liked it over most buffets in Vegas.
4	AMAZING!! Hands down the best Buffett I have ever been to. So much options to choose from you really have to your time in each area. Not only is there a great option with food but drinks as well. I gave it a 4star because of the set up. It can be a but confusing if you have never been here before but other then that from the quality, options, and service it was well worth it. Not once did we have to call a server everything was brought to you before you could even ask. Drinks where refilled halfway through. I do suggest you plan your time you will be in line for atleast over a hour. Don't try everything at once cause you don't enjoy it. You have to really go section by section and every option they had especially the desert area was well worth trying. I don't eat Mexican food but those fresh tacos where great! We will be back for more!!
4	Overall I was pretty happy with most of the selections offered here!  I left full and satisfied.I love buffets that have salmon sashimi (in this case nigiri).  I ate many many many.  The oysters were not that good though, disappointingly.  Oh yes, if they have the lava cake...eat multiple of those.  SO good.The ticket system is pretty convenient.  Instead of waiting in line you get a ticket to come back at a certain time.  It's a win win because you'll won't have to wait, but you'll probably go spend money in their casino gambling or drinking in the meantime.
5	Wow. This is the king buffet of all buffets! Awesome food, awesome service, and awesome ambiance! Any time I am in Vegas or anyone for that matter, this is a must stop!
4	Stop! before proceeding to check in with the lady you need to first check in at the kiosk, don't forget to print out your ticket.  A long line for seafood. You have an option of having it steamed rather than eating it cold.  FREE MIMOSAS w/refill or champagne.  Lady filled us in with where is where in buffet Entrance is seafood, meats, all American, Italian, Asian food.-thai, Chinese, Japanese FRESH which wicked spoon lacks.  Dessert is heavenly.  Cheers need to catch up on my mimosas
2	Wait, wait, wait, and wait. Three hours of waiting time  to eat something here. What's the point of kiosk check in.  When your time is up, you wait on the line to pay, wait to be seated, wait to get your food.....This is my last time coming here.
5	Yummy!We went to the breakfast buffet. For two it was about $63 since we are not total reward members. The food was amazingly good. Come hungry. Fresh juiced juice. and almost any breakfast food you could think of. Everything tasted great. The staff was very friendly on the floor as well as behind the counter. Five star service and food. For breakfast they had seafood, American, Mexican, Indian, and Asian. We were not hungry again late that night. This is really an outstanding place that is worth the price.
2	Beware, DIMINISHING QUALITY coupled with increasing prices.  Utter disappointment.  Just finished dinner on Sunday night at $57 per head.  No king crab legs, only snow crab. Not to mention the most watery not sweet puny stone crab claws I've had.  My Gf said the oysters were too sandy so she had only one.  Dishes are not in individual portions like they were in the past but like all low quality buffetts, dishes sit in large vats getting mushy and overcooked. This effect made the clams and mussels all dried and rubbery. Crab croquettes and crab fried rice no longer available.  All corn and no lobster in lobster chowder. Carne asada tacos chewy and not even close to par with King Taco.  Real gelato no longer served but instead sub with super sweet cheap ice cream with fake plastic props in display case.  Total waste of money. Food was overall too salty (pho, bbq )or too sweet(ice cream). And really?! Displaying decorative seashells instead of awesome fresh seafood that used to be in the seafood station. Real gaudy.
1	Breakfast, nothing worse than cold eggs, cold french toast , would have been better off at a Dennys, not sure how you can mess up breakfast so bad. We even got another plate thinking it was just cold first time. Nope , all bad
1	The managers attitue made me very unpleasent She said her name was Stephanie 8/26/14 I came for breakfast with the 24 hour pass looking forward to eating cause i was starved from playing and not eating all night So after i spent all my cash i had on me i come to find out by the incredibly rude staff thats theres gonna be a 15$ chage for the buffet Omg!!!! .i asked to speak with management because she couldent show me where it said that She said all other buffets were closed and laughed and started to walk away I guess its because i am 25 so she didnt take me serious but i wont be returning here to play or to go to any of there restrurants Its a shame i have always been treated fair here Long story short she said she was calling security on me i waited they never came and she walked off what a joke i was expecting a way better experience
4	This so far would have to be my favorite buffet out of vegas as of right now until someone decided to redo their buffet. Caesars old buffet was pretty out-dated so I was super happy that they decided to spend some big cash on updating it and must I say they did a heck of a job. This buffet has everything you want to eat. They have seafood, sushi, comfort food, tacos bar, salad bar, pasta, dim sum, noodle bar, Chinese food, pizza, etc etc etc. Also, whatever dessert you are cravings..they have it. They have cakes, cookies, crepes, gelatos, tarts, macarons. I can just get sugar high just thinking about it. This is actually a place I would drive four hours just to eat here. Too bad the line will take that long too. Overall, try it out! I would just avoid during holiday and busy weekends. Or make friends with a seven star or diamond members so you can go in the shorter line.
5	The food was great and the people working there were wonderful.My mother in law is very old - Miss Perez and Taylor - the general manager and the manager were very helpful. I can not wait to go back.
3	Lines lines and more lines. This is the second time i have been to vegas and tried it based on the reviews and friends reference. We went and took the ticket and wait was approximately 55 minutes which is not bad compared to the 3+ hours the others stated on here. We came back in an hour and then realized we have to wait once again to get in. After that we got to another line which were seperated in 3 groups. The VIPs, the couples, and the big groups. Then we were seated promptly after another 30 minutes. We had complementary mimosas and drinks. We wandered around to find food and yet there are more lines. One line for seafood, one for tacos , one for crepes, one for ice cream. Lines everywhere and to be honest the food wasnt even that great. Its really the rave that got people here. I regret waiting 15 minutes for 4 tacos because I didnt know what the line was about. Sure the decor was nice, the staff dressed professional but the food was average at best. I feel very proud of myself for not spending a huge amount of money on the buffet of buffets pass and paying extra for this. Overall at least I can tell my friends ive been here.
4	Lots and lots of options! Very appealing to the eye on presentation as well. Went on a Wednesday at 11am and didn't wait in line at all. I only wish they had snow crab legs but they have dungeness instead (just a personal preference) side note if you sign up for the players card you will receive 10% off the buffet , every bit helps!
2	Not impressed at all. I had high hopes and was really let down. Wicked spoon is way better. Nothing special at all here. Nothing was great and barely anything was good. Service wasn't even good. I will not be back.
4	Bacchanal Buffet is probably the best buffet in Vegas.  Actually it is the best buffet in Vegas.  Hence the near $50 price tag.  Lots of options on food here. They carried stone crab when they first opened, but not anymore.Lines are long so come early. Decor is neat and the desserts were probably the least impressive out of all the food.
3	Came on Thursday at 1pm during LUNCH (not dinner, so this is not a dinner review) and there was no line.  The lady that rang us up forgot to tell us that the tip we signed on the bill was intended for our server.  Only then did we find out that the tip on the dotted line was meant for our server, embarrassing!  But we did leave a tip for our server in case you're wondering.Onto the food.Flat out, this place is overrated.  The photos you see on the net are glamourized.  Not as big as everyone says.  Options available for the most part are ordinary.  Quality is what you would expect of a buffet.  The dishes were lukewarm, bordering on almost cold.  Sushi is stale and dry.  Roast beef was average, but the chef that manned the carving station is a total sweetheart!  Shrimp and grits was, well, shrimp and grits.  The pulled pork sliders were better than I expected.  Didn't try the mini hotdogs.  Didn't try the cold fried chicken.  No king crab legs.  Didn't even go near the Asian section as the dishes looked stale, you know that dull-dry-sauce-look on foods?  Yep.  So what did I try?  The mushroom truffle soup, salty and creamy, it was alright if you like those flavors.  The clam chowder was alright, not as bad as I thought.  But nowhere near as good as the clam chowders from San Francisco (not a fair comparison as Vegas is in the desert and SF is by the bay).  I noticed that no one touched the salads on their plates, so I didn't go there either.  Boy, it sounds like I tried a lot of nothing!  But I actually tried 4 plates worth of food.  But nothing really stood out!  Oh yeah, the seafood paella looked great!  And it was actually just GOOD, not great.  You know what they had a lot of?  4 different pizzas; cheese, pepperoni, mushroom and deluxe style.  But who wants to eat pizza for this price!  And they had lots of sauces and salsa for the Mexican cuisine station...16 sauces and salsa! C'mon! Who is going to waste stomach space on salsa and chips!  However, you can the chefs to make you fresh tacos, which were ok.  If you like street tacos, you'll like these.  I read they have 20 different breads to choose from?  Only five to choose from and they were stale.A small island for desserts.  Now I admit, I don't have much of a sweet tooth, so the desserts were mediocre.  The chocolate lava cake was probably the best thing there, it was piping hot and oozing when I broke into it.  Nothing special about the gelato and I'm a huge gelato fan!  Only the lemon sorbet was palatable.  Tried the pistachio, raspberry, and mango also, meh.  So is this buffet worth the high price tag? Not in my book.  But I'm glad I tried it, so I can say that it was alright.  The price should actually be $10 cheaper.  That's what I think this buffet is worth.
5	Decided to go because I read many reviews rating Bacchanal in Caesar's Palace as number one buffet in Vegas. While you're going to pay a steep price, $50, every dollar spent was worth it. Had the salad, cheeses, sushi, crab legs, salmon, lamb chops, horchata, ribs, shrimp, mashed potatoes, green beans, oysters, and many, many desserts. I could go on and on but if you're in Vegas and want a big meal that actually feels worth it, just go.
5	The taxis are not lying when they are driving around the Las Vegas trip advertising Bacchanal Buffet as the #1 buffet in town. This is THE BEST buffet in Vegas, and probably on the West Coast. My boyfriend was skeptical about this buffet because prior to it becoming the Bacchanal Buffet, he claims there was a really bad buffet he had tried at Caesar's Palace. Honey, that was 3 years ago, lol. It reinvented itself, and Bacchanal was born in 2012. If you're worried about the price ($58/ person), I suggest you don't gamble, you don't drink, you don't go clubbing and save your $58, and eat here instead. It has an upscale environment like a club, minus the drunk people and having drinks spilled on top of you. Plus, you aren't losing money because this buffet claims to have over 500 food items and they are not exaggerating. And you don't have to doubt about the freshness of the food either; The seafood section of the buffet is filled with freshly caught fish, oysters, crab, etc. They are literally prying the oysters open while you're in line. It doesn't get any fresher than that. Just a little warning, because I didn't do this, but I ate way too much to my heart's content- MEANING, I wasn't able to enjoy the beautiful display of desserts in front of me. My boyfriend tried to feed me chocolate, but I just couldn't have anything anymore. We went on a Friday night, about 7pm, and the wait was 20 minutes... I was skeptical because the line was so long, but you tend to move pretty quickly because there are so many tables inside. *My margarita cost me $8 but it didn't taste like a margarita, lol *
4	One of the better buffets I've been to. It's this or The Buffet at the Wynn. Price is not too bad. Good selection. You'll definitely find something you love. I've heard the wait can be hours. We went on Monday for brunch. We were quickly shown to a table.
3	Food was great, 1.5 hour wait, paid $20 per person to only wait 1/2 hour in line in staed. Line to geat food was also long, buddy waited almost an hour to get carb legs and prime rib. Price i cant complain as our meal was comp due to a cockroach decided to join us for brunch. Moved us to another table, gave us front of the line passes for each of us (good for only 1 person). Manager brought our buddy a plate full of crab legs. He also over herd the manager talking to another saying that it wasnt the first time this has happened. If it wasnt for the roach id say its worth the $70.25 we paid initially. but after the roach i dont know. 1 roach means there are millions more hiding.
5	5 stars for....-The lightings-The tables-Food, (meat, seafood) Ribs and steak was well marinated.Sushi bar wasn't bad, The crab legs, gimme all of that!!1 star for...-Price-The long waitIt was expensive, better eat your share of $50...The wait was worth it just for the experience, wouldn't really do that again.The food is so good, it'll make you go broke!
2	I was very disappointed with this buffet. Take this review with a grain of salt though, I came on Labor Day weekend and so the kitchen was likely understaffed and rushed.We waited about two hours to get seated in the buffet and paid $55 since it was a holiday. The food was mediocre, nothing was spectacular. I sampled some of everything. The meats were a tad dry and a bit too fatty. The seafood was also dry and flavorless. The Asian food was subpar and uncreative. The desserts did not stand out either. Service was good, and the unlimited breakfast drinks was nice. I've eaten better buffets at my college dining halls. Wholly unimpressed with the Bacchanal considering how steep the price is.
5	Foodies, we just went to Vegas and here is where you should go. Great selection, many wonderful small plates. Good food across the board (okay - sushi could have been better - but everything else was beyond excellent. I especially liked the mushroom truffle soup, but everything was well prepared and super yummy.
5	I would describe myself as someone who is very familiar with the various buffets in Vegas. Been here twice, and definitely still at the top of my list. The price can be a bit of a scare, but I do believe it's worth it. As you start to try the different dishes, you get a sense that each dish is very well thought out, something that might be at a fancy restaurant, where they give you a small portion on a plate because it's gourmet. Everything here feels better quality than just cooking a whole bunch of mac n cheese in a big pot or pan. It's a strange thing to judge on, but what impressed me is that they had a variety of bottles of fresh squeezed juices. Don't think I've ever seen that, but I think it goes to show the effort they put into each offering.I can't just describe one or two things that I really like, but would say that they have one of the widest array of selections, and each one is very good.Pay the price, and it's still better than Wynn, Wicked Spoon, etc.One note: there's no need to wait in line now thanks to the interactive kiosks where you check in, and they give you a time to come back. Don't let them trick you. Instead of having you wait in line, they're happy to have you sit and play $20 of video poker, and now your buffet is $70 instead of $50. Don't let them trick you! haha
3	I work in the food industry and am usually NOT a buffet fan, however 2 years ago we discovered The Wicked Spoon. I fell in LOVE with. So when returning to Las Vegas I saw thatBaccahanal was rated #1 buffet, I stepped out a limb and tried it. I was disappointed. The food was OK. I did not like the lay out, I did not like the flow.One thing I LOVE about the Wicked Spoon was that EVERY plate IS individual. I DONT like when TONS of people are digging thru my food.I will give a plus to the fact we sat for a while and actually enjoyed our dinner company.I am sorry, I will go back to Wicked Spoon.
1	Terrible! They have the worst line management I have ever seen. Very disappointing experience for such a high price. Booo!!!!
4	a feast for the hungry. it's too good for me not to come back.
2	4 hr wait?!?  Hell no. Purchased the $20 express line only to be disappointed by the food sooner than later. Yes, the selection is quite expansive, but the quality and taste were subpar for Vegas standards. Dry meats, sushi with higher-than-normal rice ratios, and a Reno-esque seafood station...no thank you. However, the cheese and charcuterie section--props to that. I will not be back. Will be at Wicked Spoon or the Buffet at the Wynn instead.
1	Before going to Vegas, this buffet was recommended by so many of my friends. After looking at hundreds of reviews on Yelp,  I was convinced I needed to try this place out. They have this high tech way of putting your name on the list, but given all the hype, the wait was still insane!! 204 minute wait, according to my ticket! My family was hungry so we opted for the express line (extra $20/ per person). Seriously , if you have the money and don't want to wait, it's the way to go.Anyways, the food was very underwhelming. There was nothing at this buffet that stood out to me. They had a bunch of stations you could grab food at, but everything was just ehh.I was very disappointed and will not be coming back here. Try it if you must, but beware of long lines, outside and inside the buffet, not so great food, and a hole in your wallet from the cost.
1	This is probably the most overrated buffet in Vegas. I heard good things about this place when they first opened, but when I visited a week ago for dinner, it was overcrowded with very long lines on the meat and seafood stations. I had to wait more than 15 minutes on the seafood station line! And for what?! Crab legs that were overcooked and oysters that smelled like women's makeup! The meat station was little better but it did not make up for other shortcomings.
3	I have wanted to try this buffet for the LONGEST TIME!  It opened about 2 years, and I did not have the opportunity to go yet. My best friend was visiting and she also wanted to try it.  She did the 24 hour buffet and paid an additional $30 to go to this buffet. We went for Sunday brunch. The holiday pricing was $52.99 for brunch and about $64 for dinner. Ouch. There was a total reward discount, so we went off to get a card. They do have a new check in system where you enter your information, and they will text you within the time. We were told we would be seated within 2 hours and 30 min. After an hour they texted us, and we were to wait in line for about another 40 min. So, I guess the text is the estimated total wait time. The Sunday Brunch came with unlimited mimisas, and we both never tried it. So, we were like why not. The lines for seafood and meat were super long! There was a lobster benedict that tasted amazing! There was a cheese pizza with mushrooms and I believe it was riccota chese that was amazing! I also tried the lamb chops that were pretty tasty. Their Asian station was awesome! The pork shumai and everything tasted amazing.In order reviews, they had a souffle station, but when I went there, I only saw a crepe station and a shaved ice station at the dessert station. Now, why the three stars. The wait time for everything was horrendous. After waiting in that long line, we would still have to wait in long lines and wait. Plus, it was super expensive. It was good, but expensive!
1	Meats were really dry.   Have had better Chinese food at subpar Chinese buffets.  Oysters were not high quality.   Neither was the rest of the food.   Highlights were meatballs, warm crab legs,  and deserts.   But not worth the four hour wait or $20 extra per person for express seating.   There are better buffets in Vegas by far.
2	Not impressed at all!  Mostly lunch items at breakfast time. Most of the breakfast items were cold and not very well prepared. Bellagio's buffet is MUCH better!
3	I've been here for the Champagne Brunch ($36+) and for Dinner ($50+). This place is okay, both times. Somewhere, people have claimed that this is the best buffet in town, but I've had better. There are lines everywhere. Average 45 minute plus wait for the line to get into the buffet and then there's the crab legs line, about 10-15 minutes long. Brunch: I went to the Champagne Brunch this past Sunday. There were a few parts of the buffet that I liked, like that they had crab legs for lunch and the brisket and the service. I didn't get the crab legs though, because the line was too long. The red velvet pancakes are good only because they come in tiny portions, just enough for you to try, but they were hard and not at all tasty. Tried getting a lox bagel but the cream cheese was too hard for me to pull the knife out of so I ended up just getting the smoked salmon alone. The dim sum was okay and everything was mislabeled. New foodie adventurers would have been confused the whole time. Dinner:FYI The last time I was at this buffet for dinner was a few months ago. It was a so-so dinner buffet. I had the crab legs which were good like any other crab leg buffet. Also had a cut of the prime rib and that was okay.Overall, nothing too memorable but the lines. Service was good. Food, okay.
1	To be fair, we didn't actually eat here....but that was the problem. We got there and got a ticket to come back in 2.5hrs. Frustrating, but we walked around and came back 2.5hrs later.....just to wait in line for another 45min to pay. Then we were lead to ANOTHER line to get seated. This line was huge. We waiting in that line for 10minutes without moving one step, and decided to give up and go elsewhere. Thankfully we just made up a story that we had a show to get to and they gave us a refund. I should also note that from the seating line you could see inside the buffet and there were even lines for the food. This experience would have taken up our entire day.
3	This place was so overrated. We went just for the experience because we were on vacation in Las Vegas. Compared to the other Las Vegas Buffets, this one is not worth waiting for and there are much better ones out there such as Cosmopolitan's Wicked Spoon. The wait when we got there to get our ticket was already overwhelming and that was just the beginning. The ticket for the approximate wait was 176 Minutes (3 Hours) but we waited anyways. FACT: You could pay $20 per person to cut to the front of the line. After that long 3- Hour wait, you need to wait once more but to pay for your meal for about an hour or two. It was very pricey ($300 for 4 People). After half a day's worth of waiting, my family and I were not even impressed. The food was typical Vegas food. Though I only give the overall food a 6/10, the dessert bar was what made it the real deal. I gave a 10/10 for the dessert's bar because of the variety and taste. TIP: Try the horchata (Mexican rice drink) in a bottle.
4	4.5 (-.5 on price) Really great buffet.  Dessert AMAZING... didn't include alcoholic drinks. But we did order sangria..yes delic. Ok for the experience but a bit to pricey for me. def a one time thing bc it's over $50 per person  yikes! ..love the crab legs steamed and cold..yum with melted butter.  love the cake pops..mm good! Bit nice and classy. Great friendly staff n server.
5	Great experience here. My boyfriend and I came to this buffet on the last day of our little Vegas trip. A lady named Valerie was at the register, she was a pleasure. She was very sweet, talking to us and asking us questions - making us feel very welcomed. The host who seated us was also very welcoming. The food was great. There were an overwhelming amount of options but everything we tried was good. Don't skip out on the taco station, it was really good. The cooks will make you fresh tacos right there and then you add whichever salsas/toppings are preferred. We didn't save room for dessert, so I can't comment on that. But all the savory food was great. The buffet entrance is right next to the entrance for the pool so we stumbled out there after our meal and took a little food-coma nap by the pools. Totally recommended.
5	I came to this place for dinner buffet over labor day weekend wtih my family and everything was delicious!  I had been to other buffets in Vegas but it was my first time here.  The others I had been to were okay, nothing amazing, but I will definitely say that this one is now at the top of my list.  Surprisingly, we arrived at 7pm on a Friday (of a holiday weekend) and only had to wait 25-30 minutes to get seated.  That was awesome because I was STARVING.  Upon walking inside, I was already overwhelmed by all the different food options.  I ended up trying as much as I could and honestly liked pretty much everything I tried.  They have a huge range of things to choose from- soups, sushi, tacos, oysters, crab legs, fish, meats, etc.  I personally tried a few of the chef special hot dishes and liked them a lot (although I don't know what they actually were).  The ox tail soup they had was also perfection, along with the mushroom truffle soup.  Aside from the main options, they also had a humongous assortment of dessert- macarons, cakes, pastries, crepes made to order, and gelato!  I ended up sharing with my brother and essentially trying a bite of everything.  I'd definitely recommend doing this if you have expand your stomach enough to do so ;).In the end, I walked away feeling super full and regretting my life decisions (like eating that last mousse, or going to buffets in general)... but after recovering from that, I'd definitely go again because I just can't pass up all the deliciousness that is there :P.  This is most definitely my favorite buffet on the strip.
2	Service - very good.  If you use your card to get the small discount, they get your name off of it and will call you by itSetting/layout - poor.  Being by the pool, it is a nice view, but the cloth on the chairs showing so much dirt and the chips on the bowls and plates, it gave me the feeling that it has been around forever and is ready for a remodel (I think it has been about 1 year since this place opened?)Food -  poor.  There really wasn't much that was memorable, and more that is done just as well in places that charge half the price.  The only things that they severed  that I would even think of ordering at a restaurant were the mushroom & truffle soup and the red velvet whoopie pieAll things considered, I would much rather go to the Bellagio Buffet, save the $20/person and get better food
2	Was so exited to come here for dinner, but after eating the food I must say it was overly hyped and not worth it! The food was either way too salty or over cooked, even the dessert was not that good. I won't be coming back here again.
2	I have to say that I was disappointed with this buffet.  This was my first time and I had heard many good things, but sadly I won't be going back.  The good: - we went early for dinner @ 6pm so there was no wait to get in and no long lines (when we left @ 8 pm there was a decent line);- the ambiance was nice, good floor layout for tables and easy access to the food lines;- bottled juices - i think fresh squeezed/juiced and very tasty (my fave was guava, also had strawberry, pineapple, and two or three others) - good variety of food to choose from, excellent carved meet selection (prime rib, rack of lamb, two types of sausage) and great seafood selections (oysters on the half shell, cold snow crab, crab claws and hot king crab), standard asian food fair, srandard pizza selection and small pasta area combined with the chef specials.- cute finger pot holders given, but sadly there were no hot plates to use them on (all plates were cool to touch for me)The not-so-great:  - the price @ 100 for two for dinner is steep (this is the price on a Thursday nite, Friday and Saturday the price increases $3 per person);- while there was a lot of food to choose from the quality/taste of the food was just so-so: my wagyu burger was not warm from sitting on the line and the top burger was hard and crunchy; the dim sum was rubbery both the skins of the shrimp dumpling and the hard skin of the custard bow I had; some flavors were bland or needed more seasoning; I expected stellar food for the price and it wasn't there;- although we went early to beat the crowds it felt like most of the food had been sitting for awhile (most plates dishes were barely warm) with exception of the seafood;- the hot king crab was hidden in the chef special section and you had to know about and ask for it- no explanation on the chef specials (3 small plates but were all labeled chef special and no one around to explain what it was)- staff service was pleasant but slow (slow to get our drink order and slow to clear our plates)- the kicker for me was towards the middle of our meal a staff was clearing the table next to us and tipped over a bowl on the way to his platter of dirty dishes pile with something that had liquid and rice in it....  the angle of the tip sprayed the rice and liquid in my direction (you could see the rice trajectory on the ground in a triangle shape - yes it was that big).  it hit the arm of my chair, my cheek (this is how I was alerted of the spill) and some landed on the corner of my table.  yuck.  when I turned to see where this had come from, the staff just said "sorry" and continued his cleaning of the table.  it was another 5 to 10 minutes before a different staff person came by to sweep the rice on the ground.
5	One of the best dinner buffets we have had! Fresh quality and a lot of different variety of food! Yum! Def going back when we go to Vegas!
4	We came here during the Labor Day weekend. Boy, the wait was LONG! We waited over 2 hours to get in. The food selection was great! There are a lot of choices and numerous stations. The seafood such as crab legs, oysters, crab claws, shrimp cocktails, and crawfish were fresh. We also tried their oxtail soup. It was pretty good. The dessert station was great as well. They have all kinds of cakes and pastries, gelato, mochi ice-cream, chocolate covered strawberries, as well as crepes. Overall, the food and services were great. It's the long wait that makes us rethink whether to come back again. That's the only reason for knocking off the one star from my review.
5	I enjoy food but my taste runs a bit all over the map from a hole in the wall to 5 star.  The buffet delivers all my wants and needs in one place and it's a buffet.  While the crowds can get heavy on the weekend it's still kinda of worth it and much better than Wicked Spoon. Juice bar, chicken and waffles, pho, dim sum, sliders, stone crab , desserts and more.
4	This buffet was the one of two buffets I had on my must go to list while I visited Vegas (other being Wicked Spoon). We ended up going around 1pm which made the price for each person $35.99.  The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The waitress called me by name (since I paid) for the entire meal and even asked my friend her name.There are seven different sections including seafood, sushi, breads, cheeses, tacos, meats and even fresh juices. They also have a separate bar for desserts including gelato. The food was delicious. The standout for me was the sweet potato tots. The desserts were so amazing and were my favorite part as I am a sugar lover. I would recommend this buffet, especially if you can make an earlier time so it will be the lowest cost. The price was the only downfall for me, besides the bathroom being up the entrance making you walk all the way out of the buffet to use it.
4	A large selection of food from all over the world. Great atmosphere and ambiance.  Quality of food is on par with a 5 star hotel. But did not have lobster and king crab that I was expecting for this kind of price.
2	2.5 StarsAlthough they claim 500 items on the buffet most of it is crap.  The best thing in there was the smoked turkey breast.  I found the other meats fatty and no flavor.  The crab legs were okay, the are in pots and you have to ask for them.  The pizza and the meatballs were not good.The oysters are opened but not cleaned or loosened up so the slide out, living in LA they do not seem that fresh either.For over $50 it is just not worth it, it is just as good as Golden Corral. We would not return.
5	I really love the selections they have here. the meats and seafood section is great and i like how you can get hot/cold crab legs. One of my fav buffets here in vegas.
3	I had read other reviews rating this buffet as over-hyped, and from my experience, those reviews seem to be pretty true. I went there with my family on Thursday evening for dinner and the wait was about 30 minutes long. I was eagerly looking forward for their seafood and steak offerings, but it was quiet disappointing to see that the options were quiet limited. For the seafood options, they had about 5 cold-seafood choices including cold crabs legs and cocktail shrimps, and for the "so called steak items" they only had briskets and prime rib. Whereas when i had called them earlier that day to inquire about their dinner speicals, the phone operator had clearly mentioned to me that the dinner menu will include lobster tails and at least NY strip steak. I paid about $230 for 4 people and had read those "best buffet in LV" reviews, so may be my expectation was a bit higher - but Bacchanal Buffet definitely did not meet what I had expected given my positive experince with Bellagio's The Buffet and Cosmo's Wicked Spoon. About the foods, they have a small Chinese section with horrible dim-sum options. Then they have some cold cuts section followed by Italian (with steamed crab legs that were surprisingly good), Mexican station, American section including beef cuts, sliders n fried chicken, and the small seafood section. The dessert section is in the middle of the dining area but it was way better than the dinner items. In short, I wont be coming back to this buffet in the future, but my three stars goes to their dessert section, wagyu sliders, fried chicken with waffle, beef tacos, and may be couple of more other items. My recommendation - if u are really seeking for a "good tasting food" in contrast to varieties of options, this is not the place for you. They are over priced than any other buffets, and is not worth the wait and money. I would rather get those $50, 24-hours acess buffets for all of my three meals all day long, or would rather look into some good eats in Thai and Malaysian options in the city. Bacchanal was a disappointment.
4	Bacchanal buffet is a relatively new buffet in Las Vegas located in Caesars Palace. It's definitely on the pricey side, about $58 per person.  The wait can be long if it's a busy day. If you're super hungry and want to eat right away, there's an extra $20 charge.  I wasn't lying when I said pricey!This buffet is nicely decorated and they even offer taking your picture while waiting in lineLet's first start off with how HUGE this place is. In the back is the Asian foods, then there's salads, Mexican food, American food, and sea food. The seafood line gets long as they have crab legs and oysters. They also have steamed crab legs near the salad.  Dessert area is good too!  I had the shaved ice and tried macaroons. The first time I was here, they had bomb pistachio macaroons. Recently, I got green macaroons thinking they were pistachio, but they were green tea!  Disappointing!  I guess they switch it up. Oh, the horchata is good!!Buffets for me are kinda a waste of money because I can't eat a lot in one sitting. Bacchanal buffet is a good place to try out but it's a bit pricey for me to eat here often. Give it a try if you can. Ps, if you or someone in your party are a total rewards diamond or platinum member, you can bypass the line!Minus 1 star for the rude worker!  He was directing people to go in the right line. My husband is a diamond member. We paid and proceeded to the diamond line to get seated. This RUDE worker rushed to us said wait wait go in this line (regular line).  He didn't even ask "excuse me, are you diamond."  It was just an assumption we were idiots and can't read the signs. He didn't even apologize. I tried to look for him later to get his name, but darn I didn't.
5	Amazingggggggg. Pricey, it was $59.99 for dinner but if you have your M Life card it's $49.99. The food was great, the meats were amazing, prime rib, brisket and even the lamb chops, YUM!The seafood was decent, some of the oysters were a bit sandy.
4	WAIT, PRICE, AND SEATING first off.... a 218 minute wait? ridiculous. however, they let you check in ahead of time and will contact you when you are coming up next. so, you're free to wander around as long as you make it back on time. however, this long wait was almost entirely attributed to the fact that it was labor day weekend, and it was early dinner. our bill came out to over $800, but we did have a party of 11, so it turned out to be over $70 a person - a bit steep, but if you take in the fact that they're a new-ish buffet, it's dinner time, and it's a holiday weekend, it seems somewhat reasonable. as soon as it's your time to enter, you are handed a branded rubber contraption that helps you grab hot plates without being burned. then, you are swooped away to your table. we had a group of 11, so we had a semi-private glass walled room that was sort of away from the main dining area. everything was neat, pretty, and perfect. the dining room doesn't look big, but then you notice the back rooms and you're just pretty blown away by just how big this place is.  SERVICE the service was amazing. everyone who worked there was courteous, kind, respectful, and non-judgemental. they made everyone feel very welcome and seemed overall happy to help you. we had someone come to our table about every 15 minutes to take plates away, bring beverages, and to ask if we needed anything. although coming around every 15 minutes sounds excessive, they made it happen in a way that wasn't annoying or seemed like they were trying to push us out. FOODthere's a HUGE selection. some things that stand out are the fresh juices in the glass bottles (strawberry, agua de pina, jamaica, horchata, strawberry juice, etc), a taco station, a noodle station, and a custom shaved ice station in the dessert area. i tried the things that many people suggested - their prime rib, macarons, chicken and waffles baskets, their fresh juices, and their watermelon/feta salad. prime rib - great salty/savory flavor around the edges, tender on the inside. kind of flavorless towards the middle, but that may have been my fault, as i forgot to get a side of au jus. fresh juices are delicious. horchata's not as sweet as i'm accustomed to, but you know it's fresh. very light. a bit thick, as they grind up the rice and don't strain it as many times to get all the rice grains out. the agua de pina is not so sweet, either. in fact, everything's a bit light. the mango one tastes like a mango snapple. i loved the strawberry one - i added it to the lemonade i ordered to make a strawberry lemonade! very yummy. chicken and waffle baskets - chicken was breaded wonderfully. even though it took me about 15 minutes to get to and was not as hot as when i got it off the burner, it was still crunchy. breading was insanely tasty, and chicken was very moist. the waffle, however, wasn't as great. it was mealy and had very little taste; very dry. abandoned that after the first bite.the watermelon and feta was great. very refreshing and rich at the same time - a perfect combination. they added a vinaigrette that complimented it perfectly. macarons are yummy. perfectly crisp, soft towards the middle, impeccable feet. i tried the green tea ones, which were a bit sweet, and grabbed some sesame ones thinking they were salted caramel. their cold crab legs are extremely salty, and can only be had after an enormously long wait in line. because i didn't want to be rude, i waited in the atrociously long line just for the shrimp, which was right before the crab legs. next time, i may just ask the people around the shrimp if i can just nip in and grab a few pieces instead of waiting 20-30 minutes for the shrimp that obviously no one else in line was waiting for. (TIP!!! : if you're looking for warm crab legs, go to the asian station, where there is  little to no wait !! many people stood in line only to get to the front of it and were disappointed that it wasn't what they were looking for.) anyway, the shrimp cocktail sauce was delicious, but a little sharp - a little too much horseradish, but still tasty. the shrimp's a little brown. their lobster chowder is a must try, as is their pasta. dessert is great, as well! just be wary if you have any allergies, as they don't properly label a lot of things in the dessert section. i bit into a beignet only to find it was raspberry jam filled, and into a cake that had something i was allergic to. so, be wary. only gripe were the other patrons. they're rude and cut in line unapolegetically. however, food's great and these unsavory people will not stop me from coming back whenever i'm in town again.
4	This buffet is very good, however, I don't think it warrants it as being #1 on so many Vegas Buffet lists.  It is just as good as the other top tier Vegas Buffets. It's a toss up.   After I've tried everything, the main things I gravitate back to are the ribs, oysters, salmon sashimi, and the creme brulee.
5	You will pay more for admission to the baccanal than it takes to fill up your car's tank. You will wait an hour to get in line and then another half an hour when in line waiting to be seated. It is worth it!All I can say is that I ate my weight in steamed crab legs and then got up and asked for more! Best crab on the strip; the rest of the food was awesome, too. The only part I didn't enjoy so much was dessert, but I'm not sure if that's because I was feeling pretty miserable after eating too much or if the sweets were legitimately not as good as everything else.  I tried everything except most of the sides- I was a woman on a mission and had no room for fillers, aka, veggies. I don't remember it being very vegetarian friendly, either. I mean, there are vegetarian options, but nothing nearly as appealing as everything else. If you're like me and seek out buffets for the crab, this is your place. I ate at 2 other buffets offering crab legs in the same week and nothing compared to the baccanal!
3	Bacchanal has a lot of food options but there weren't really any dishes that stood out to me. So, if you prefer quantity over quality, then this is the perfect place for you. I appreciate the check in process, where you first check in at a kiosk. They print out a receipt with an estimated wait time and text you when it's time to go back to pay and get in line to be seated. Beats having to stay in line the whole time! You can walk around the Forum Shops while you wait.I have been to Bacchanal two times this year and I think that's more than enough for me. I'd rather go back to The Wicked Spoon!
5	Great food n desserts! Although sushi are not very good. Macaroons are very delicious.
4	Lots of choices. Enjoyed the crepe made in front of me. The roasted tomatoes and roasted mushrooms were especially good. We came for breakfast and will be full until supper. We will be back.
3	We went here on a Friday afternoon around 1pm.  The line up was minimal. This buffet is overly hyped.  They give you these plastic dish holders so you can grab a clean hot dish and be okay. Very ingenious.  Though we never used them. But I can imagine it can come in handy once in awhile.The food was ok, above average for a buffet.  Lots of variety.  Good service. I think it's slightly over priced for a buffet but will probably eat there again and try the dinner menu. It's one of those places that had good marketing and "had to" try at least once.
2	For being $52.99 a person and surrounded with hype, I came in on a Friday night expecting a great buffet. I left very disappointed. Many items seen on yelp were not available. I'm guessing they've cut back on their offerings.The prime rib lacked flavor. Everything else tasted average in comparison to cheaper buffets nearby. Mochi ice cream wasn't on display (????) they only gave them out upon request, and when I finally got it... They were pretty much melting and falling apart. They have crab legs, yes, but so does a $35 buffet. The seafood selection was pretty limited.The lamb chops and the sliders were really good, but I fail to see why this place carries so much hype with a high price tag. I really wanted to love this place, but in the end, it is just another "average good" buffet that appears fancy. I might give it a second chance, but I won't be looking forward to it.
4	One of the best meals and buffets I have ever had in Las Vegas!! We came here for a Monday Brunch and had an incredible meal. As a local, I usually try to steer clear of buffets but after a little stay-cation at the Paris I got on yelp and decided why not. Everything we had was so incredibly delicious. Usually at buffets, you get overwhelmed with so many choices and then underwhelmed with lack of flavors. This was not the case with Bacchanal. We took our time and tried as many things as we could and were incredibly happy with each choice. The po-boy slider, the chicken and waffle, the sushi, the donuts, the red velvet pancakes, the slider, the fresh sushi, the mushroom grits, the lobster biscuit and gravy, the crepes, the cheese spread, the dessert spread- we enjoyed it all. Every item we tasted had its own unique flavors full of real quality ingredients. We were incredibly happy with all the items we tried and loved the different "chef specials" that were created so we could try things not usually on the buffet menu. The service was great and we left happy and desiring our sweat pants. Just the way you are supposed to feel after eating at a buffet. =)  I will definitely be recommended this buffet to my local friend and out of town visitors.
2	A friend heard this was one of the best buffets in Vegas. Definitely one of the newer ones. I was disappointed from how my friend hyped it up. The venue was nicely decorated and has a lot of options. However, the food wasn't that great.  The hot and sour soup tasted like a bowl of soy sauce. The brisket tasted like charcoal. They didn't have sashimi but did some sushi and rows. The fried chicken batter sucked, and that's supposed to be the best part of fried chicken.  Cevichi wasn't bad. The prime rib blew.  From this, I didn't even bother with the desert. Desert looked pretty so I didn't want to ruin that image with how bad it might taste. Definitely had better and not coming back.
5	For 50 dollars a person i definitely think it's worth the money if you know what to get. Me and my girlfriend went and filled our table with endless plates with all different types of foods. The wait wasn't as long as we thought it would be. Over all a great experience and delicious food.
3	Pros: atmosphere and appearance, accepts credit, dessert customizability (shaved ice, and ice cream selections),Cons: food looks better than tastes, hard to get waiter's attention, $$$$The Bacchanal is very expensive. I think it was $50/person when my family and I went for dinner. You would think that for that price, the food would be delicious and the experience would be amazing. I won't say it was completely bad, but it definitely wasn't worth $50. My family and I had to wait maybe 10 minutes after paying to be seated. I didn't like how low the salads were. It was a little inconvenient to get salads because of all the physical barriers that I had to overcome (ie position on low counters, and far from edge, window guards make it hard to reach in). I really only enjoyed the chicken and waffles, the salads, and the ice cream/sorbets. Though there were tons of things to choose from, and after sampling everything, I can live without most and that's why in the end, I felt that $50 was way too much. It is a little lower on my scale of Vegas buffets, just below the Wicked Spoon.
4	Lava Cake, Lava Caka, La-va Cake...This isn't the real Caesar's Palace, but Bacchanal is a real buffet. After a more than modest face-lift, this grand buffet has talk of being at the apex of Vegas buffets. You spend Friday, Saturday night, glowing in a whirlpool of stupendous hedonism, soon to arrive at the calm of the storm and experiencing  Bacchanal is a perfect filling station to rejuvenate for the long ride home. Expect to attain a fast pass and wait 2 hours, ideal for gambling time and to ride up that appetite. Look for long lines of hanging tongue awaiting an array of Crab Legs, ideal protein cuts like Prime Rib and Lamb Shanks, and then petite yet prominent desserts as Gold-flaked Tiramisu and the heavenly Lava Cake. And if you leave a tip, the cute waitress will rub your tummy to ease sudden pregnancy of top-notch gluttony.
3	This place was supposed to be the new Wicked Spoon (better! cleaner! newer!). It was good but I wasn't really blown away or anything. I came on a Monday and luckily only had to wait 10 min (I think my review would have been less stars if I had to wait over an hour for this). Pros:-Really new and the layout (esp if you're seated near the front) makes you think "Oh shit there's MORE??". So I guess if you're into that.-Food is good overall, really good selectionCons:-None--expect maybe the wait if you do have to wait a long time for this. Like I said, this buffet is good but it wasn't OMGAH amazing. Although...I DID notice they had a shave ice stand near the dessert and that made me super happy because I've never seen that at a buffet and it was good. But....you know, it's ice and condensed milk so you really can't go wrong with it.
5	Best buffet ever!  Hate buffets, until this one!  So good,  worth every penny,  tons of selection,  food was fresh and hot which is hard at a buffet. Desserts are my fave,  no words to describe how pleased I was with this buffet! Amazing!
4	Not a fan of these buffets, it's just mediocre food to me, mostly junk filler.  I come here for the crab legs and prime rib, they were excellent.  Crab legs were good mixture of snow crab and king crab.
3	2nd time here but I think I won't be back unless I have to...the wait time is scary.. We had been waiting for 3 hours to get in even though we did get the number ticket.. We got the ticket at 5:50 pm and they texted me to come back around 7:10 pm and I thought the wait time is not bad but right after I came back I had been waiting for 1 & 1/2 hours to pay and another 30 minutes to be seated.. In the end I started eating my dinner at 9 pm.. After 3 hours wait I duet feel hungry anymore so I paid $65 (including tips) per person without eating a lot!! Not worth it!!!
3	Pricey and nothing special. I mean it is a buffet so I wasn't expecting a magical experience but warm food would be a plus. Some dishes were nearly room temperature. I will say the staff was very friendly and attentive.
5	Awesome buffet!!!! Caesar's buffet is by far the best in Vegas. Come early if you don't want to stand in line forever. A little on the pricier side but well worth the money.
4	Good selection of items. They Have A Minimum of 300 Items at any given time. You might not get to try all the items haha...it's definitely worth the visit.The CUCUMBER juice is must try but it is only available till 11 amIf you got sweet tooth, save space for dessert ;)
1	Not worth the money. The buffet set up was not good. We only thought the was two station. Surprise the sushi, asian, fruit and salad station was hidden. You have to walkaround the corner to see it. The dessert was the best. Seafood was not up to par on seafood. Crab leg was not good. Oyster was great. We were not in the mood to eat the hidden station after the disappointment of the lack on seafood selection.Waitress should have told us since it was our first time here. Save ur money and eat at the Rio. Better buffet. Bigger and better seafood selection.
3	I must say, this time around was way better than the first time I came in April 2013. Its $50/person on a weekday dinner.  Thank goodness we didn't have to wait in line too long!MY FAVORITES:-the raw oysters: juicy and flavorful! I expected them to taste plain but they had their distinct oyster taste. The bad part about it is that they always run out, so you have to wait until they shuck more oysters and there's always a line.-snow crab legs: always good and taste even better with the hot butter. Most people miss the butter because they didn't know it is in what appears to be a glass beverage jug. A girl even asked me, "What is that?" Clearly, it is hot, melted butter!-clams, mussels, scallops: the clams were cooked in a really creamy sauce and it was delicious. The mussels were simmered in white wine and tomatoes, but the meat was a bit small. The scallops were still in their shells with spinach, sauce, and bread crumbs (reminded me of an Oyster Rockefeller).-fresh juices: near the Mexican station they have jars full of different juices. The guava and Jamaican tea were good! -desserts:  the mango gelato was my favorite! The lava cake was moist too.They have a very long buffet- seafood, American, soups, Mexican, Italian, Greek, Japanese, Thai, Chinese, desserts. The prime rib was dry and the soups were okay. I'm a soup fan but the chicken noodle soup and the tomato bisque were mediocre. They have a ramen, pho, and udon station too! Three different noodles, three different broths. The ramen noodles were too undercooked and had that flour taste. The pho was better but the broth was super salty. My BF said the sushi was good though. I was amazed at the Chinese station because they had porridge with lots of condiments and ginseng soup! The desserts were so-so. I took a bite of everything and just left it. Overall, it was okay. I didn't think it was worth $50/person. The only station worth eating here is the seafood station. Our neighboring tables expected the food to taste better too! One table even asked to speak to the manager and head chef to complain about quality and taste...
4	Throughout the Vegas trip we kept hearing about the.."..#1 BUFFET IN VEGAS.."..."#1 BUFFET IN THE NATION."I just had to see if this #1 thing was the real deal. Each person was about $50...there was an extremely large line. If you wanted to go in faster you could pay more $$[Location]Inside Caesar's palace. Very large areas to sit inside. Fancy BUT COMFORTABLE CHAIRS. - - - Selections- - - Obviously you develop a plan. Seafood, expensive food, uncommon pricey food, high-end version favorites, and comfort foods.[Asian section] (So much variety: Chinese- Dim Sum, Vietnamese-Pho, Indonesian, Thai, Indian, Japanese- sushi pretty good)= 4 out of 5[Mexican section] Didn't try. Looked good[American/Meats]- Hit or miss with some, Mac and cheese was light but creamy[Pizza] SO GOOD. SAUCE IS LITTLE SWEET.[Seafood] Heard crab legs were ok-good. I tried the salmon and that was delicious. Lobster corn chowder was nice but kinda salty.[Veggies/Fruit] Pretty small, less veggies but more fruit (fresh)[Dessert] Impressive: icecream, cookies, freshly made crepes ----------Overall: Filled me up, seemed like some items were lacking in something, worth the trip and experience.
3	Features:-This buffet is located in Ceasar's Palace.  When we came, the line was streaming long.  Luckily, we had a card that allowed us to walk straight in.-The inside is huge!  Lots of tables and extremely spacious.  -Depending on what you try, I would recommend to consume the seafood (especially crab legs), sushi, Chinese dishes, udon, and ramen.  Those were especially delicious for me.  -The dessert bar had a lot of sweets from shave ice to cookies and cakes.  -Champagne and mimosas are free! Drink up!Improvements:-They could definitely improve on the pho (taste), dim sum (har gou was cold and hard to chew), and fruits (did not seem as fresh).-Service was a little slow.  I asked for ice twice and finally got it almost ten minutes later.Tips:-To avoid long lines, come early or go with someone who has the Diamond Card.-They had carrot, orange, apple juice, and almond milk in cute little jars.
3	Really tasty but wasn't blown away...So I have been dreaming of coming to this buffet for years but my friends and family never wanted to wait in the 2 hour line.I was in Vegas on business by myself and a table for one was only a 30 min wait. I approached paid the $58.00 and waited with deep anticipation.So the waitress explained to me that I was in for a treat and not to eat the bread because there is so much to try.I started with a little of everything from the world of China, Italy, Mexican, Meats and seafood.I was super impressed with the set up and variety of all the foods as well as the quality.The only thing for me is this two be world renowned and so expensive I was expecting things I have never seen or tasted before.I'm a certified (by my family) Crab leg queen!! I will devour the legs so quick you would think I had build in claws and butter and lemon in my veins.So excited that they had Hot crab legs, I hate cold crab legs! They were sweet and good but for the price I would have preferred to not have them pre cut. Anytime you expose the crab meat to boiling water outside of the shell it will loose some of its flavor. If you are ever in Honolulu the Pacific Ocean hotel has THE BEST CRAB LEGS YOU WILL EVER HAVE! NOT PRE CUT JUST PURE MASSIVE SWEET GOODNESS!!! And not to mention that buffet is only $35.00.I also loved the truffle and goad cheese pizza and the scallops Rockefeller.Much like the rest of the yelpers the dessert area seems so great but really the options aren't that diverse. No Key lime pie, no cobblers, no candied walnuts etc. I was your basic chocolate lovers dream, lava cake, carrot cake, cup cakes and crepes. I didn't finish any of my dessert it wasn't worth the calories.My favorite part hands down about the whole buffet is the fresh Aqua Frescas in little personal glass bottles. Things like that make you feel like you are paying for something different.Food was good but for the price and the normal wait time I wont be back..
5	Pros: Huge selections. Dessert was my favorite of all. Servers were amazing.Cons:Long line.One bad thing on that day was a group of teenagers next to us of about 10 of them were so loud, obnoxious and they thought they were being funny at all.  Yes, you can have a good time but at the right place. This buffet is for family, couple, or for everyone who wants to savor the food selection and not feeling being on a frat house. They were lucky my stomach was bothering me at that time and don't feel like to confront them. Fortunately, the manager came over to them and explained to them to lower down their voices but that was after 2.5 hours. Heck, it wasn't a victory for all of the diners at that time.
4	The price that people pay for dinner at a buffet is not worth it for me.   But for brunch, OK, I'm game.   Went here for brunch, I love their wide selection.   Not offering what's in your typical buffet, like many items had lobster in it!   SCORE!!!   They have bottomless mimosas, I'm pretty sure you'll end up with a hangover because it's probably cheap champagne.But like most buffets, many foods look appetizing but it's not mind blowing.   I did enjoy their meats, soups, and deserts selections.   Woohoo, gelato in the house!   When it's hot outside, you can take a cone of gelato and bring it out.   I must say that out of all buffets, this is one that I enjoyed most because my friends and I were able to select different things we've never had before and share because in the end, it was something that didn't taste as good as it reads or looks and we don't want to waste food.   They did have a lot of things that I did enjoy trying though.   This is a must try buffet for everyone who comes to Vegas.
5	Hands down the best buffet ever! What more can I say? The service was excellent and the food was beyond amazing!
3	It's a great buffet, don't get me wrong, but it's just overhyped. The Prime rib was great, and the seafood selection was great, but all the other food was just meh. It's a great buffet overall, but not worth the ridiculous price. For the money you could eat at a really good restaurant and order as much as you want, and the food quality would be better.
4	Came here for brunch and it was worth it. Talk about never ending food! This place is by far the LARGEST buffet I have ever been to. Maybe I shouldn't eat for 48 hours before hitting this place up. Breakfast was good! The Benedict's were delicious and man, that lobster Benedict is a MUST EAT. They have fresh squeezed juices and a ton of pastries to choose from. Their "Asian section" wasn't too impressive... The Pad Thai was very dry and the noodles were crunchy as hell. I took one bite and didn't finish the rest. The dim sum wasn't great either, pork bun was yummy though!
5	This is hands down the best buffet in Las Vegas. I've eaten at some of the best, including Bellagio buffeting Wynn buffet, and dabbled in some less expensive ones such as the Planet Hollywood and M buffets, and this is by far the BEST. The food selection is great, as the buffet offers you the range of different cuisines you would expect from a top notch world class buffet. What separates this place from the rest is the quality. The beef brisket was one of the best I've EVER had, including those at buffet joints in the south. The curries are fresh and taste straight out of Thailand. The Italian meatballs are very well made and authentic, rivaling even those of Rao's next door.  For those of you who only come to buffets to eat seafood...this might not be the place for you. The seafood is good but similar to Wynn and Bellagio. For those of you who come for a top notch culinary experience normally not offered in the mass produced mass consumed aisles of the buffet--this is definitely the place to go!
4	Eating here was a much better experience than your standard all you can eat buffet. It is far more classy and elegant than the typical Vegas buffet.  They had a pretty large selection of foods. Mostly everything I had was good, but nothing in particular blew me away. The display of the food was magnificent. They made each item feel like you were taking something special.  The carving station had the largest selection of meet I have ever seen served in one place. Dessert items were cute and delicious. I would love to come back one day.
2	Don't believe the hype. I think this place is overrated, overpriced, and not worth the money. Two people would roughly cost almost $80. The selection here is no where near wicked spoon. Go elsewhere like to the cosmopolitan. I would even rank some other buffets way better than this one off the strip.
4	There was a very large selection of different foods. Went there for brunch. The Asian food was surprisingly very delicious. The line to get in was ridiculous. My favorite was the dim sum. But overall, a good variety of foods for all types of moods.
1	Decided to try Giada's new restaurant at the Cromwell for Sunday brunch, heard such good things about it we had to give it a try. We get there and the wait is about 2 hours away! Well next time we will not go on a weekend and will call for a reservation first. So what is our next choice? Well, Ceasar's Palace is just across the street for the highly touted Baccanal buffet. We get to the entrance and what do we see? some kind of "fast pass" system like they have at Disneyland, the machine says to register for a line ticket and wait time it between 58 to 68 minutes. Really?! they have it at such an exact science that they know it will be 58 minutes? not 47 or 61 minutes? oh wait, if you don't want to wait with the masses they will let each person in for $20 more! What a deal huh?What is the strategy here? we can't let you in right now or even let you try your luck and wait in line....hey! what shoulld you do with a hour to kill inside a casino? gamble maybe?So at the Baccanal buffet you can't even wait in line to see if maybe by some kind of miracle you get in within 1/2 hour or ? Overall, diners beware you can't just walk in, you are put into a take a number system, unless you want to pay the toll to get in now.
5	For $48 you get a brunch buffet.  You check in at the computer station and wait for the text message.  The wait today was supposedly one hour at noon but it was only a 20 minute wait for a group of 6.  What was worthy of filling up the tummy? Udon (add whatever you want that you can find ex. onions), prime rib, boiled crab legs, green tea brulee and bread pudding.  Don't get me wrong, everything was good quality! However, you enjoy the food more when you haven't wasted stomach space with other essentials.
3	Today we had a good friend come into town and she wanted to try a "good" buffet.  Hearing all the hype and doing research of the city, we decided to try the Bacchanal Buffet. From the start, we knew it was going to be pricey coming in a little over $50 bucks a person.$175 for 3 people with tax.. Ugh. Having never been,  we wanted try it. Initially entering the buffet it looked great, there was plenty of food, no real wait for anything you wanted. Unlike a traditional Buffets where the food is placed in metal pans and set on a steam table to keep it hot, this one was a bit different. Most of the food was placed in nice ceramic pots, sitting on a granite countertop for the guests to take from. The problem was I immediately seen is that the food was never that hot. By the time I dished something onto my plate and walked to my table it was almost cold.  The meat section had plenty of meat selections to choose from, being a baby back rib lover, I tried the pork ribs twice and both times they were pretty fatty. It was a bummer.. My wife said the crab legs were just ok, not great. The best part we all thought is the buffets dessert section, where we filled up on gorgeous looking sweets that did taste as good as they looked. Overall I can now say I have now tried the "Top Buffett" in town, however I don't think I would ever go back. For the price I expected better quality of the food. I have been much happier at a smaller off strip buffet for a fraction of the cost.  Conclusion, was is bad? No, Was it worth the $$? Definitely not, Was it an experience, Yes.
4	We dropped by here for a late Sunday lunch. First of all, endless mimosas?? Sweeeeet. My friend downed 8 of those, so I'm pretty sure that alone made up for the buffet price haha. Heavy drinker, woot woot!Love the setup. Very spacious and crisp/clean feel, with chandeliers made of wine glasses and walls lined with glassware. The food was spot on for your typical Vegas buffet. Lots of choices, ranging from Chinese food and pizza to crab legs and prime rib. The dessert selection was awesome. Crepes, shaved ice, gelato, pastries galore.We left stuffed and content. Happy I got to try this one out, since we usually hit up Bellagio or Wynn. One gripe was the wait list process. We had to wait 1.5 hours just to grab a late lunch and when we finally got our text to "come on down," it was to come on down and stand in another line for about 30 min to get to the cashier, pay, and wait some more for a table to actually open up. Really?? I guess it didn't help that we were all hangry :P
3	Really enjoyed the buffet hear. I don't think their set up is efficient to handle the all the people that flock in. But big crowds mean they are doing something right. The brisket was so darn good. I wanted to keep coming back for more. Jonah crabs and snow crabs were good as well. The pork was way too salty for me. And the crawfish was okay. I has better. Enjoyed this place for the experience. But I prefer the buffet at the Rio.
5	My favorite buffet in Vegas.  Food was great, as was the service.  Some of the highlights:  large shrimp that didn't look like they were just thawed out as at other buffets; sweet potato tater tots; made to order street tacos...and the list goes on.  Friendly service as well from start to finish...  I like to go during the week for late breakfast (after 1030) when lines aren't so long.
5	If you are looking for a buffet with many choices of food, Bacchanal Buffet is the place to try.  So far this is the best buffet I have been to in Las Vegas.  Wherever they place you, there is always a station of food near you.  They have two types of crab (hot or cold), they will cook street tacos on a big stove, chicken and waffles, a bunch of asian food, all kinds of meats and seafood, different juices, a good selection of desserts (yes macarons are there), and many more items.  If I was to name all the foods available the list will go on and on.  The food selection is just insane.  The service is good as they clear plates away often from your table.  When I see a pot full of food that I like I would grab a bunch.  If you are like me, it will get you full and then you can't try other foods.  What I like about this place is the presentation for some of the items.  They line up small dishes of the item and it's like a sample size.  The decor is nice and very pleasant.  This buffet is really popular so obviously the line can get really long.  The price for dinner buffet is between $50-$60.  The method on obtaining a table is not painful.  First you check into the buffet using one of their machines by placing some information like name, party size, and phone number.  Why the phone number?  Because they will text you or call you when your table is ready.  So during that time when you are waiting for them to call or text you, you can gamble or have a drink to kill some time.  Tip:  My friend and I played video poker/blackjack at the small bar near the entrance of Bacchanal Buffet and the bartender comped a drink since we played on the machine.  It's only 25 cents to play each hand of blackjack/poker.
5	Bacchanal Buffet is by far the best buffet I have ever tried in Las Vegas and overall in my life! A few friends and I went for Sunday brunch/lunch, and the wait was only around 20-25 minutes. The quality of the food is superior, and I highly recommend going to this buffet. First off, the mimosas are bottomless. How can you go wrong with that? The food ranges from dim sum to pad thai to yellow chicken curry to clam chowder to steamed crab legs (that are already cracked open for you) to shrimp (that is already peeled) to dishes that are served on little hot plates. The variety is endless. In addition, the atmosphere of the buffet is classy, modern, and elegant. I was blown away by Bacchanal, and I would definitely go back again.. and again!
2	I am a regular to Vegas, 2-3x times a year, and have been Diamond with Caesars for years.  Can't say I was very impressed, and most of that hinged on one thing.  Not the food, not the drink service, but the staffing in terms of keeping the tables clear of dirty dishes.4 of us went on a busy Saturday night, naturally it was at capacity as would be expected. Got seated and every empty table we saw was stacked with dirty dishes.  At a $50+ price point for dinner, hire a few more bus staff.  We went up for a second round, came back to the table 10-15 minutes later (yes, buffet is that extensive) all the dirty dishes glasses, etc were right where we left them.  And no, they didn't have a good quantity of food or drink in them, they were clearly done with.  Again, at the price point of $50+  per head, in surroundings that reportedly made it the most expensive buffet to build in Vegas, is the expense to clear tables really that much?  Even the tables that had been vacant for 20 minutes were untouched.  That's a lot of lost revenue by not being able to seat new customers. (Did I mention it was $50+ apiece)?To top it off, on the way out I saw a manager near the exit, and mentioned that while the food was good, they need more staff to keep the dining room clear.  His response, that there are plenty of staff, they're just union and lazy.  There's a sentiment for you. I wanted to reply back that perhaps it was more due to poor leadership, management, hiring practices, or just cutting corners on staffing...but restrained myself.  Bottom line.  Go next door to Mirage.  Maybe the food isn't quite as high end (but still very good), but still very good, well staffed, clean, well organized, wine and beer included, and save yourself some money.
5	Best buffet I had in Vegas so far. Amazing food! Pretty pricey as expected but its worth it!
5	Wow, I've had my fair share of buffets in Vegas and this one holds my medal as of yet. I certainly never eat my share of buffet prices, but the quality and choices got me. There are a few themed sections such as Japanese (with sushi and soups), Chinese, Mexican, American with carving station and mini burgers & hot dogs and seafood all on it's own. Not to mention, a whole dessert bar with mini macaroons & several ice cream choices!I enjoyed the snow crab legs as they were meaty and sliced lengthwise for easy peeling. The sushi (salmon) was good to me. I did have the stone crab legs which were quite hard to eat as the meat was stuck to the shell. If I'm not mistaken, this can be an indication of overcooking. Sweet and sour soup was pretty yummy and I've had plenty in my lifetime. The mini burgers were quite "meaty" and chosen mostly for its appearance.Drinks (non-alcoholic) were included within the price (I only mention this because some buffets do not include beverages).Buffet ended at 10 pm on Thursday. We arrived at 9 pm and was still seated at regular price of $51+tax/person! The food discontinued serving at 10:30 pm and was plenty of time to eat. Service was sufficient and pretty good. I'm not quite sure what the other reviews experienced, but I'm going to attribute that to really high expectations.
4	EXCELLENT buffet. A little expensive ($60+/pp), and yes, you will wait for at least 30 minutes to get seated, but amazing variety and VERY good food! Asian station, American comfort food station (w/amazing Mac & cheese, btw), Mexican station, seafood station, meat station, plus a great variety of juices and an exceptional dessert bar. Best flan I've ever had!Totally worth the price, and the wait, especially if you like seafood.
3	The saving grace for this place is it's Kind Crab legs. If that goes away, I would not come here again.The process to wait is absolutely horrific. They have a "pre-sign up" system and it tells you to come back at a certain time. The time it told my group to come back was in an hour and thirty minutes. I definitely did not expect to be seated immediately at the time the system told me to come back, but I also did not expect an additional 45 minutes to wait to be seated. What is the point of having this system when you're just going to have to wait AGAIN? It makes no sense. The rest of the food was not amazing and didn't blow me away to justify the almost 2.5 hour wait.
5	Wowowow. Best buffet in Vegas if you're down to just go all out on your diet and wallet. It's about $50 which isn't too bad, but the quality of the food compared to other buffets I've been to is top drawer. All I remember and need to remember about this place is the seafood bar, the prime rib (soo goood), lamb chops (even betterr), and the endless dessert bar - I was in heaven! They have mochi ice cream, creme brulee, cakes, and so much more! This buffet is huge and the setup is really nice. Completely worth it!
5	Yum yum yum!!!! Best buffet in vegas!!!! There is everything and anything your heart desires! Service is phenomenal too! Save room for dessert, and the best part is the big guy cutting all the smoked meats yelling out WELCOME TO BACCANO
4	This was my second visit to Bacchanal! The first was 25 year ago, then it was amazing and mesmerizing. It was my first BIG VEGAS Dining experience. I remember that long walk back to that corner and those steps that are now gone, boy that was a fun night! I ate so well and drank wine, service was so good and kind, I felt special, and have always loved Caesars Palace since!Today I had lunch at the new Bacchanal, I have had it on my short list for some time and although dinner wasn't in the cards this trip lunch today worked out just fine.Lets start with me breaking the cardinal rule of no pasta, but I couldn't help myself because I had some BBQ in front of me. both were missteps. The BBQ sauce was off and the meat was too smoky. It was tender and generous, and the mac was grainy and overcooked but still an awesome effort from any buffet. The salad bar had been devastated and almost all of the veggies gone and not replenished but I had some arugula, field greens and Maytag Bleu Cheese from the next station, and red wine vinegar, it was stellar. Other stand out Items included Chinese BBQ pork, California Roll, although the F&B manager would be proud of the amount of rice used (lots). I enjoyed the Shrimp and crab but not the lobster corn chowder from the seafood station. The Deserts are very cool and all bases are covered. The Peanut butter and chocolate pop was my favorite, but the Oreo mousse was also delish! I had 6 small plates including desert all were good or better, service was efficient and friendly, what more can you ask for. As far as value it was fine, I knew the price and never felt cheated.Will I return, you bet, only for dinner! and we shall have wine and celebrate the abundance of food before us!!! I actually cant wait.
4	Absolute must! I'm Vegas born and raised, and this is beyond the most amazing buffet in Vegas ever. They have EVERYTHING here! Any and all types of food you want that have. Any type of meat anything honestly. When you come here be ready to spend 3 hours and eat your heart out. Please go there!!!
5	It was my birthday on September 22, 2014, we usually go to the M resort for the seafood buffet, this time we decided to go to the Bacchanal Buffet instead, what a great decision.  I would vote this the best buffet I have ever been to in Vegas.  The presentation of each station was overwhelming.  The food was delicious and the desserts would blow you away.  I would recommend that if anyone is looking for a great buffet, Bacchanal is the one.  Wanted to go back the next day the food was so great.  Staff wonderful.
5	Worth the price and wait. If you have no patience then Definitely don't come weekend or holidays.  Lines take a while. Unless you do the kiosk. But plan to eat wayyyyy later than planned if they're busy. They have 9 live food stations. All of them fresh, delicious and plenty of varieties. Their service is great.Tacos are to die for..and desserts...well good luck! Even more so if you get seated right by them. Oh and tip your waiters good..they deserve it!
4	Thursday buffet dinner time! Woot woot!! Worth the price! Bf and I went to go eat early because we didn't want to wait in the long line (previous yelpers complaints). There was no line and no wait! We went around 6pm. There are 9 different stations to eat from. I loved the seafood selections. They have cold and hot crab legs at different stations. Seafood, mexican (street tacos), soups, meats, sushi, chinese, american comfort food (chicken & waffles, mini burgers and mini hotdogs), meatballs, pasta, salad bar, fruit bar, and juice bar. The most impressing part was the dessert place. Oh my! I should have tackled dessert first before eating the main courses. They got everything from gelatos, cookies, mousse cakes, cake pops, creme brulee, green tea creme brulee, dipped  chocolate strawberry and suger free sections too. After we overeating we saw the line being super long. We are glad we went early.
4	Went on a Tuesday nite and the wait was only about 45 minutes. Not too shabbyNow for the food. The seafood and dessert stations are amazing. Endless King Crab, Stone Crab,  Shrimp and Oysters! The crab was really tasty and make sure you try the warm crab station in the Italian section. I did not try all of the stations. I grabbed a slider, tacos, nachos and some pad thai and was not all that impressed. The dessert station is a dream- loved the chocolate covered strawberries, desserts on a stick and the shaved ice. The shaved ice is on request so make sure to try it- awesome flavors + boba. Skip the cookies (meh).Ooo and drinks are included so don't try to cheap out by getting ice water. Pepsi for dinner and hot tea and coffee for dessertService also top-notch
5	During my stay in Vegas for the Labor Day weekend, how can I not hit up a few buffets. One of the buffet I went to was Bacchanal Buffet located inside Caesar's Palace. Once my friends and I got pass the 3 step waiting n paying process we were able to indulge in some very yummy foods! The first station I went to was the meat station. WOW they had all kinds of meats prime rib, sausages, brisket, etc. I was only interested in the prime rib. The handful of pieces I had were perfect. I splashed on some horseradish cream and I was in heaven. The next station I went to was the Asian food station -of course! I was surprised they had chow fun and some of my favorite dim sum selections. I was not too impressed with the Italian station and I don't really care for crab legs. The last station I went to was the dessert area. WOW everything was so delish. My two favorite items were the apple pie and the thai ice tea  ice cream. I repeated those items at least 4 times in addition to all the other foods I have already ate. Vegas would not be Vegas without buffets, and I am glad Bacchanal rasied the buffet standard pretty high.
2	OK, This buffet is pretty good. I mean, a lot of the food is good. There is a lot of variety and choices to choose from, but it seemed smaller than I thought it would be. The wait is kind of long when you get in just to get food. It's really expensive to get in. On a holiday weekend, for 2 it's $136. Damn.The ambiance is lovely. I loved being able to have a slight view of the pool and the decorations are minimal, it seems. The seats are comfortable and the staff are very attentive are they never kick you out no matter how long you stay there.I loved the experience here and I did get to try a lot of good food. The macaroons are delicious and the shaved ice is a nice touch since so few places do Chinese shaved ice  compared to Hawaiian shaved ice.Luckily, I don't like seafood, but if you do, the wait is long. There is always a long line and I've seen people go in quite often to get the food. I enjoyed the assortments of pastas, cheeses, and meats. I liked the little bottles of juices and horchata, too! They are so cute. Of course, leaving here, I felt sick to my stomach with food, but it was a good experience.Would I come back? Nope. Not even a little, but I have no regrets trying this place.
3	I've been to this buffet a couple times.  I am not super impressed with this place. I feel the quality of food is lacking. The wait is almost always very long, although they recently implemented their texting method, which they didn't have when it opened. I hate the layout of the food here. Only good thing this place has is that they have a large variety of food and i like their fresh juices in the bottles.
5	What are you doing reading this review when you can be drinking unlimited amounts of horchata in glass bottles and eating foods from various parts of the world at bacchanal buffet? Worth the money. Always finish Vegas off here before heading back home. It's my favorite buffet!
2	Not really worth the $52.99!Seafoods on hand are crab legs 2 ways (hot/cold), defrosted oyster, crawfish, clams, & mussels. None of them are any good!Crabs are salty! Crawfishes are peppery! Clams are blend! Oysters are NOT fresh!Sushi is hard.I think the only good items were corns & congee.Again not worth $52.99!
1	I was so disappointed at this buffet. I don't eat seafood, so I can't speak for that. Very little choices and subpar quality for the price.
2	Overpriced low quality food.  For months I heard my friends tell me to go to The Bacchanel. I went there tonight and to be honest it didn't meet my expectations.  The Asian and Italian sections were simplistic. The Chinese food lacked flavor and it seemed I was eating food from any other China Express or food court restaurant.  The Japanese sushi rolls were not fresh and you could see it was low quality fish/crab. The Italian pizzas and pastas were nothing special. As far as the meats, the sausage was ok, but the lamb was so bad I spit it out (I wasn't the only one).  I did not try the American section as I was already dissapointed. I would definately not recommend you to stop by. I think you can eat much better food for the $126 I spend for two.
4	I usually take my out-of-town guests here once and that's it.  It is a rather large buffet and can be overwhelming with its 500+ items ready everyday.  I enjoy it when I go there simply because its a different food experience every time.  Yes, some complain that its $52.99 pp  but how many times do you come to Vegas or even attempt to even try to conquer this epic buffet.
3	Went in a Saturday around 6pm and wainted for about 40 minutes. We got seated all the way in the back fr everything.The cold seafood (crab, shrimp, oysters) was good. The hot seafood was alright, some of it was dry. They had burger sliders which was also amazing. The macaron texture was good but i didnt like the flavors they had when i was there. Creme brulee was awesome!
5	A foodies wet dream! Over 500 items. And none are 'throwaway' items. Each seemingly prepared with full attention. Any of the items can easily be featured at a four star restaurant. So much too choose from. Worth the $50 plus especially when a lot of the other dining establishments cost a pretty penny and you don't get what you pay for. Definitely must be checked out on your next visit.
4	Bacchanal is a place I will continue to visit every time I come to Vegas. We went on a Saturday around 1pm for their brunch.  The $45 per person price included unlimited mimosas, which seemed to be better than average, and they did not skimp on the alcohol.  Wait time from when we first got in line until we were seated was a reasonable 20 mins.  Our waiter Carlos was polite and prompt with our drinks.  The selection was seemingly limitless with their buffet areas broken out in sections, ie a seafood section, breakfast, mexican, italian and asian. Sushi to sashimi to crab legs and claws, it was all there and never in short supply. I started with breakfast, some corn beef hash, bacon, chicken and waffles and red velvet pancakes. All delicious, however the red velvet pancakes were nothing special. The pizza was delicious, as well as some of the ribs they were serving.  If you like desert then you certainly want to save some room, boutique pastries to gummy bears, my favorite was the mango Italian Gelato, I added some to my mimosa and ended up having 3 more. Highly recommend Bacchanal if you are in Las Vegas.
3	this is my second time at bacchanal and I'm not sure what the hype is all about. the first time I came, I had a fantastic dinner at Picasso so I thought my palette was spoiled but this time I had a side by side comparison and I think wicked spoon has this beat hands down. my girl and I wasted so much food because it was too salty, and the meat was so overcooked.add the long wait and expensive price and I'm probably never coming back to this buffet. they aren't going to hurt without my business but I can't take the hype anymore.
4	One of the best buffets I've ever been to!  I hate to admit this (a sin in my family really..) but I am not the biggest fan of buffets.. I admittedly don't eat that much, and I always feel like I'm torturing my tummy to get my money's worth ): Also, they're a wide selection of food that's usually mediocre at best..  Bacchanal (however you pronounce that), however, definitely changed my mind!  Yes, there were MANY MANY choices, but I honestly did not feel pressured to have to eat everything, because the seafood section was amaaazing!  I cannot tell you how many times I went back for more seafood, especially those fresh oysters. And crab legs. So good. Really the highlight of the buffet I thought.  Their carving station was pretty good too, I enjoyed my ribs a lot. But wow. The seafood.Warning - the wait can be kind of torturous, but they have this electronic system where you sign up on the machine and they text you when you need to come back and get in line, which is kind of nice so you can walk around and do some shopping or gambling while you're waiting.  The wait IS about an additional 15 minutes after they text you though.  Also, the "estimated wait time" that they show you after you sign up might not be very accurate.. I'm assuming it's because people drop out. Our estimated wait was 90 minutes, but it only took about 20 for them to text me back. So just be prepared for that!
3	First off, Id like to say that I had the highest hopes for this buffet. Seeing fellow yelpers reviews/photos made me soo excited!! STAFF: very friendly and attentive. Our dirty plates never sat on our table for more than five minutes. I also think it's very helpful that they give Bacchanal first timers a tour of the buffet.FOOD: mehhhh. Many of the "hot" dishes were not very hot. It was more like cool/room temperature. It is not fun to eat cold lobster corn chowder (I was VERY excited for this). TIPS: wear long pants or a maxi dress! While I was in line for the carving station, someone had dropped a plate and the glass had shattered and got caught between my sandal and foot. There was also a woman between me and the person who dropped the plate. Good thing she was wearing a maxi dress! Lol. SIDE NOTE: good thing I looked at yelp pictures before the buffet! There were absolutely NO signs for the food. Like uhhhh I think this is clam chowder? Could be cream of mushroom soup. Who knows!
1	This rating if not so much for the staff but the food.  The staff was pleasant - can't complain there.  However, for the price and with all the buffet options in Las Vegas, this place does not deserve to have the highest rating on Yelp. Bacchanal should be in the middle of the pack. The husband and I were visiting Vegas in September.  We did a buffet a day.  Mirage's Cravings was the best.
4	Bacchanal is my favorite buffet in Vegas so far. It has the widest selection of foods that is also good quality. There's been too many times where I've been to a buffet that serves oysters, but the oysters aren't fresh. That's not the case at Bacchanal. The oysters were super fresh. The crab legs were amazing as well. You can get them either hot or cold. There's a separate area that serves hot crab legs. They also have all kinds of foods like Chinese food with some dim sum, Japanese food like sushi, sashimi. There's a soup station, a Mexican station, a meat carving station, Italian station and more. The first time I came here my friend and I both ate six plates each. Yes, you read that right. SIX plates EACH. Yes we are girls. Yes, we love to eat. Now, this time we came even more prepared and we topped that six plate with EIGHT plates each!!!! Yes! Next time it'll be more :)Now, the BEST part of the buffet is the DESSERT!! I am a huge dessert person so dessert means everything to me. Their dessert section is amazing!! They have everything from macarons to cheesecakes, pies, crepes, ice creams, sorbets and even shaved ice. However the BEST thing that I've had from their dessert section is their green tea creme brulee!! Omg, it was probably the BEST creme brulee I've ever had. And I've had a lot of creme brulee's in during these 22 years of my life. Yes Bacchanal may be pricey, but if you have money to splurge on an awesome buffet, then this is definitely the place. Besides, it's Vegas, so who cares? :P
2	I'm not a big fan of buffet and such a small eater can't expand the stomach for buffet.  I found most of reviews were highly rated so still wanted to try this famous or the best buffet (so-called) during our trip!We went for dinner buffet on Wed night, we got the "Wait" ticket from the machine!  OMG! We gonna wait for 56 mins!  However, I saw the people got the ticket and went into line up right the way.  We followed them to do so.... Eventually, we waited over  1/2 hour and got seated.  When we walked in to dining room, we saw the tables were so closed like cafeteria style.  It was so noisy as well! Our server came to us and took the drink order shortly, my friend and I both took turn to check out the food.Honestly, such buffet price over $50 per person, I would expect it to be restaurant quality food instead of buffet quality food.  When I checked out the Asian section food, it's so disappointing. It looked like instant frozen dim sim or dish for reheating on the steamer.I started with some green and pasta salad, got 1 piece Alaska king crab leg. The prime rib was undercooked and kind of cold.  I got few desserts and all of it were too sweet for me.  It tasted like icing sugar desserts.I would say it's not worth the wait and money.
3	We were here for Sunday late champagne brunch into dinner. It was not mind blowing...perhaps it's cuz I'm Asian. I noticed people loved the Asian offerings, which I usually skip in a buffet because I have a specific pallet for all things Asian.Pros: Raw oysters were not gritty, fresh juices, truffle pizza, Asian-fusion desserts.Cons: The American fare consisted of beef sliders and hot dogs...lol; the fried chicken was bone dry. We had a table for 8 who had to pay the mandatory 18% gratuity, which wasn't worth it because they didn't clear our tables and couldn't top up our drinks.Everything else was ok and better elsewhere. Bottom line - not worth the money or the hype...unless you love Asian food.
5	As a Vegas local, I'm not a huge fan of buffets. To me, they're all about the same and I never feel like I eat enough to get my money's worth. And THEN a friend asked me to have dinner with her at Bacchanal. The atmosphere was classy and the staff was gracious and friendly. Although the restaurant was busy, our waitress never left dirty plates on our table and promptly refilled our drinks. Honestly, I've never seen so much food in my entire life! Every time I thought I got to the last station, I would turn a corner and there would be more food selections. Everything I got was delicious and although I'm not a seafood fan, my friend refilled her plate with crab legs so many times I lost count. The dessert bar is amazing! Had I known how delicious everything would be, I would have eaten less food and more cheesecake, cake pops, gelato and cookies. The almond cookies were the best I've ever had. I would gladly wait in line and pay $50 right now to have another one. I highly recommend Bacchanal whether you're a local or a tourist. Two thumbs way up!
5	Excellent buffet. I wasn't sure what to expect, but it definitely exceeded what I would have guessed this buffet would be. Waitstaff was curteous, funny and helpful, as were the cooks.  The food was outstanding, delicious and warm. The atmosphere was excellent as well. We went for breakfast, my favorite meal of the day, and I walked away happy. Yes, it's somewhat pricey, around $30 for brunch, but well worth the cost. So glad we came.
5	My family and I came in on a Saturday around 11am. I was expecting to wait a while, because it was the weekend, but we didn't wait at all. We walked right up to the front, paid and were quickly seated. For a party of 4, our bill came up to almost $200. Yeah, I got a little weak in the knees but we really wanted to try this place. As soon as you start making your rounds, you'll notice that Bacchanal offers food that would normally be served at a nice restaurant. It's hard to describe the experience, but it is definitely worth your money. You could taste the time and effort they put into their food. It's like eating at 10 different high-end restaurants at once. Of course, you should save room for dessert. They have everything from gelato, macarons, fruit cups, pastries, etc. In the beginning, you'll feel a little skeptical about how much money you just spent. But it will feel very worth it in the end.Bacchanal is a MUST when in Vegas. Just be prepared for possible long waits!
3	This used to be one of my favorite buffets. Now the price is insane and the quality has gone down.  The layout is horrible with major choke points for the meat. I'm here now and have been in line for 15 min.  The buffet has many empty tables. I get the opion management no longer cares about the customer experience. I expect things to flow better for $57 a person with tax. I will say, the desserts look killer.
5	Best buffet after the Wynn of course!!! I have been twice and would come again.  My favorite station is the meat , I loved the lamb chops, the ribs, and the prime rib.  It was so juicy and well seasoned.  I loved the little plates with the different entrees.  The dessert station was decent the highlight is the ice cream station love it!!!
3	I was a little disappointed that the second time around was pretty much all the same food for dinner. It was even $50 per person on a Wednesday night. I went during brunch my first time for only $35. Same seafood, same EVERYTHANG. Well everything was still good, I love the oyster bar. The service was great. My sister mentioned she forgot butter for her crab legs and all of a sudden a server walks by and handed her a cup of butter because he overheard us...talk about great service................
1	From: ChefDan the FlavorKingWHY are these people rating this crappy buffet so high?!!!! Because it has snow crabs and shrimp on it?!! You are NOT going to get your moneys worth I promise!.....ain't gonna happen.ONE STAR for the REALLY bad value, possibly two stars for the food.1. Stood in line for 30 minutes watching the ridiculous OTHER line in front of the seafood buffet.2. No King Crabs - They immediately run out at 7:00PM? and don't restock them.Snow crabs - they slice them in half while chilled - HINT - go to the Italian side and they have them properly hot.3. The rest of the seafood was a joke on each occasion...fake paella, fake ceviche, etc. Don't mind a fake version...just not a bad one.4. Miniature hotdogs, hamburgers, and baked potatoes. REALLY?5. Lastly a BBQ station, pizza station, and basically an uninspired dessert station. That's about it.On the desserts, at least do people a reach-around and fake a bananas fosters or something tasty. We flame that on our own buffets and it blows peoples minds.SUMMARY: $50 to stand in a bunch of lines and eat the above. Wow.
4	Yup, hands down the best buffet in Vegas. A little pricier then most but still awesome buffet.
5	Love this place. I went to 4 buffets during my trip and no other one was like it. Friendly staff. Great food. TONS of options. Everything was delicious and fresh. Expensive though. I'm just glad I could try it once. If I was rich then I would come back butttttt I'm not. :P
5	Best buffet on the strip. Hands down. Server was very friendly and attentive.  The food was great, definitely coming back here
4	PROS: Good variety, simple but elegant decor, complementary silicon grips for hot plates, buffet area is is "linear."CONS: Long waits during dinner/lunch rushes.Would recommend to guests looking for a buffet with variety while in Vegas that does not skimp on quality but can also endure long waits.-----My favorite meal during my first trip to Vegas recently was definitely Bacchanal. My boyfriend and I went for brunch on Sunday at around 11PM and barely beat the lunch rush crowd. Between waiting to pay and be seated, it was about a 15 minute wait! This was great because my boyfriend had been here for dinner before and waited 2 hours! Once in, I noticed that unlike a lot of buffets, the food area is like one big line you would go down instead of a bunched up area of food where people scatter into. I like this design better, as the line generally moves down in one direction and there is not that awkward bumping into people with hot plates (Which can safely be held because all guests are given little two-finger silicon grips for you to hold onto things that are left under heat lamps!). The variety is beyond that of the other buffets along the strip, which is the big reason why I think people flock this place. The largest area is definitely the seafood section and guests seem to load up on the crab legs that are constantly being put out. I went during that transition from breakfast to lunch but this seems like more of a place for dinner, especially since the selection for dessert is exceptional. A lot of the items were more heavy, which is something I would prefer for a not-the-first-of-the-day meal. Great place to fix a hangover if one is so unfortunate!If one MUST try the Caesar's buffet that everyone talks about, I would suggest going for early/late meals to avoid the crowds. It cuts the wait time and the employees are probably less on edge (The manager seemed short-fused with some of her employees while we awkwardly watched when waiting to be seated). I'm giving 4/5 stars because of that awkward instance and that because the breakfast/lunch/brunch items were heavier than preferred for 11AM on a Sunday.
4	After how many failed attempts, I've finally crossed Bacchanal off my "to try" list in Vegas. This time around was sweeter. A self check-in kiosk met us as we tried getting in line which asked for a name and a cellphone number for them to reach us when it's time to pay and get seated. 30 minutes of trying our luck with the slot machines and my phone beeped saying it was time. Time to get our glutton on, that's what!I always scope out the different stations categorized by cuisines before getting anything. I've finally learned to skip the bacon and other breakfast items I can eat at home so I started with some dim sum, roasted duck, and hot and sour soup. Can I say that was the best SIUMAI I've had just yet? It's remarkably tasty and perfect in texture from all aspects. Try it and thank me later! Meanwhile, the duck was great but the hot and sour soup could use less salt.There's a long line for the seafood station so I went for the carving station for a nice slab of PRIME RIB (yuummmm!) and got me some of the best SCALLOPED POTATOES with MUSHROOMS from another part of the buffet. Wow! I got two pans of these buttery and flavorful carbs. Soooooo gooooood! I was told the LAMB CHOPS would be dished out around 3pm but by then I was already too full. Something to try next time, that's for sure. Offering a selection of soups, I had their tomato basil soup, very delish, and their mushroom with truffle soup, very salty! Next to it is their bread station and take heed when I say get their mini CORN BREAD muffins. Mmmhmmm!I finally lined up for the seafood station to start burning what I ate. Mussels, clams, salmon, and seafood paella were the hot ones that I partook. I forgot to return for the shrimp and grits but those looked good. Cajun crawfish was also some of the offerings I decided to skip on due to the eating logistics of that crustacean. However, I certainly could not pass up on the oyster shooters, cocktail shrimps, KING CRAB LEGS, and their fresh succulent oysters. I recommend everything I tried in this station, however, I thought the paella was just alright and was on the salty side.Ending this gluttonous meal on a sweet note, I will have to say that among all the beautiful looking pastries and sweets I've tried, what's really worth indulging in are their CREPES! They have a station where they make it fresh for you with your own choosing of toppings such as sugar, syrup, and fruits. The texture and flavor is spot on. It's so good I could easily eat it by itself! Or, you can pair with it any gelato of your liking with so many flavors to choose from, if it rocks your boat. If there's anything that didn't impress me other than a few over-seasoned items, it would sadly have to be the service rendered to us by our server. She was an older lady who was somehow kind and very accommodating to all the tables around us, but us. She seemed cold, always rushing without stopping to hear what we're requesting. When she was leaving, she said, "My shift is done, I want to go home now! You want anything else?" And it wasn't in a friendly way. She moved on to the next table and got all friendly to them endorsing the server who was to take care of them when she leaves. And this is why you should tip only after you've been served.   Bottomline, we were all happy with what we consumed despite the price tag it came with ($50 for weekend champagne brunch). Because we got seated around 2pm, we were able to enjoy some dishes that were served only for dinner such as the fresh oysters. Either way, I guarantee you will leave this place satiated not just with the quantity of food you'll get but with a quality worth noting.
5	Ladies and gentleman...Here it is...The best buffet in Vegas. The Crab legs come out of a steaming pot. There is a huge variety of meat in the carving station.  The deserts are absolutely beautiful to look at and more importantly totally delicious.  I am totally impressed with the modern decor.  I would go back to this place in a heartbeat.  It is pricey but worth every penny.
2	I think we went in to this with high expectations (which is what happens when you're rated so highly as a buffet / venue).  Unfortunately, we weren't thrilled with the food, the layout, or really anything about our dinner.We saved Bacchanal for our last meal in Vegas after being there for a week...  I'm disappointed that we did.  The food wasn't spectacular - in fact, I'd say pretty much everything was average at best.  The meatballs were absolutely the best thing on the whole list of food that we tried.I found that some of my seafood was loaded up with salt; not what I'd expect.  Let the flavours run through from light seasoning, and just high quality ingredients...  The ribs were dry and the flavour wasn't outstanding in general.Pizza was fairly good, so I will give them that.But everything was fairly mediocre other than the meatballs...I have tried to think if it was just because the price was what made it less than amazing... but I don't think so.  I think that if it were $25, I'd have felt the same.  During our trip, we did one other buffet, and also a Brazilian Steakhouse, but of these were better than our Bacchanal experience.
5	Pricey- yes; worth it- yes. This is hands down the best buffet in Vegas currently. The food selection is huge, the quality is great, the Desert section pretty amazing as well. Crab legs are already cut in half for you, all buffets should do that. I still enjoy eating at the rio buffet, wicked spoon in Cosmo, and other buffets; but this buffet is definitely on top of my list currently
4	This place deserves a solid 4 stars.  I would give them 5, but they are super expensive!!! Pretty standard for Vegas on price though.  Their fries, and seafood were awesome and this would be a good place to take a big group of people too.  There is so etching for everyone, great decor and pretty good service too.
3	I got there at 6:30, so there wasn't a line to get in.  When we left around 8, the line was long. I would say it looked like people would have to wait an hour to get in.  Not sure if it was because we went early, but the oysters and sushi tasted like it was sitting there for a while.  So I don't recommend that.  The chicken and waffles is a must.  The meats look delicious, but tasted a bit dry and too dry for me.  The desserts look great and are showcased so.  The gelato is nothing to rave about but the crepes are good.  I think you can have dinner just trying one of each dessert!   Overall, for $55pp, it's not bad.  I think because we went early, the food didn't move as fast, so a lot was sitting around, but food should be consistent no matter when you go right?
3	Exceptional variety across 9 stations including  seafood, american, mexican, italian, medittaranian, asian and desserts.  The seafood was my favorite with an excellent variety of offerings all cooked very well.  The meats at Americana were good, but the Mexican food was forgettable. Sushi was ok, but having eaten at Sushi Roku the night before it was anticlimactic to say the least.  Desserts were beautiful to behold but average to the taste. Bar is extra so for $50 either come hungry or go home.  Not a bad experience, but not one I will likely repeat.
5	Hands down, one of the best buffet experiences I've had. I think I ate my body weight in crab legs. The line was always flowing, and there's a person standing right there behind the counter, constantly refilling so there's never a lack. He was my hero.The Chinese food section was surprisingly tasty, although I merely tasted a few selections. I was focusing my night on seafood and meats, but I enjoyed most of everything I grabbed.The only disappointments were the wait to get in - over an hour (yes, it was soooo long), the table next to us got way more drink service and attention than we did, and although the desserts are extremely pretty, nothing really stood out as having amazing flavor and as something I'd go back for a second time.
3	OK, it's time to get out your fanciest pair of fat-pants. We have ourselves a buffet here, folks. And not just any buffet--it's a Vegas-style buffet!Back story: I was on a mission and meticulously planned out this meal. I came during the tail end of lunch so I could pay the lunch price but grub out on the dinner dishes. Yes, I'm so Asian. But 2:30pm was also the latest my stomach could last before the intense pangs of hunger kept me from functioning normally. I wanted to milk the most out of this buffet (I'm forking over nearly $40, yo!). I even went on an intense hike before my meal with only a Clif Bar to hold me over. I'm not joking when I say meticulous. Bacchanal is heralded as the best buffet in Sin City. Although I haven't visited any other buffets in LV, I won't really have any reason to if Bacchanal is the best...especially since the food here was simply average. There were a few highlights but even on a VERY empty stomach, I wasn't impressed. I'll give them credit though, the selection is extensive and quite diverse. However, nothing was so amazing that I would return. Like most things in Vegas, Bacchanal Buffet is a spectacle. From the chic venue to the paparazzi-esque photographers snapping a photo of you before you enter the buffet (because clearly you will look and feel like crap after the buffet), everything is over-the-top and grand. That's not bad but it can be exhausting. This buffet provides huge variety:Seafood - raw oysters, mussels, shrimp, king crabs, clams, fish, seafood paella Meats - BBQ ribs, briskets, lamb chops, chicken, sausagesAsian stations - sushi rolls, nigiri, dim sum, Chinese stir fries, BBQ pork, noodle soups (own station with "fresh" won ton mein, udon, etc.)Latin station - didn't check it out but there were plenty of chips, salsa, tacos, (did try the aguas fresca and they were super sweet)Desserts - cookies, macarons, ice cream/sorbet, flan, churros, cakes, brownies, candies, chocolate-covered strawberries, ice cream mochi (black sesame and green tea), and made-to-order crepesMiscellaneous - sliders, Parmesan fries, sweet potato tots, pizzas, pastas, chicken & wafflesNot to mention you have your standard salad and fruit stations. Sweet Jesus (or is it Caesar since this buffet is located in Caesars Palace?). It is so overwhelming. The only items that stood out were the lamb chops, unagi nigiri, green tea creme brulee, and churros. And these were enjoyed with an asterisk; the lamb chops were savory but 40% of it was purely fat. The unagi nigiri was surprisingly tasty but it had a huge roll of rice underneath. I liked the freshly made crepes (you choose the toppings and sauce) but that's just waaaaay too much, even to share. I was excited about the mochi ice cream but these were not handmade. I saw the staff unwrapping and dumping them out of plastic containers. Oh wait, I lied. I did enjoy the red bean ice cream!At the end, your money does go a long way in terms of the food offered. Although, it's just a lot of mediocre food and not the highest quality. P.S. I overdid it with my meticulous planning and didn't account for the delayed fullness. I went for three rounds of dessert when I should have thrown in the towel after the first one. I literally have never been so stuffed in my life and I eat A TON. I was 88.6% sure I was going to throw up at my table. Thank God (Caesars?) I didn't. Be forewarned, buffets can turn you into greedy monsters. Don't overestimate your stomach capacity!
3	Selection was over the top!!!! But that's all I could say super positive about it!!! Bakery selection was goodHowever, quality of food was questionable, I felt sick after.Crab legs were to silty, seafood was ok, I have tried better. Meat has not been done well enough. The bottom line, for this price , you would expect better quality. I don't think it's the best buffet in Vegas!!! Surly not!!!
5	This place was amazing. We came here for a champagne brunch while celebrating a friend's birthday in Vegas, and she recommended this as one of the better buffets. There was a short line when we arrived around 11:30, but we only waited about 5 minutes to be seated, and our waitress was really nice! She was very on top of drink refills and was happy to bring as many mimosas as we wanted. Since we were celebrating, that was a lot!There is so much variety here that everyone will be able to find things they like. There's a really extensive selection of Asian foods, a number of Italian dishes (including some delicious charcuterie and breads!), a Mexican section, a homestyle section, a big salad bar, and a seafood section. Then a huge, free-standing dessert display in the middle of the restaurant, including made-to-order crepes and about 10 kinds of gelato.Everyone had different favorites and techniques. One girl ate two plates of crab before consuming anything else. Others went straight to the little-bit-of-everything, let's do this in order so we don't miss anything. Personally, I went straight for the meat. If I'm going to eat at a buffet, I'm not going to waste stomach space on side dishes! I really enjoyed both the brisket (smoked over peach wood) and the prime rib. The man who was carving the meats was particularly amusing. He greeted a number of groups as they entered/left and was very jovial and friendly!The desserts were a highlight, particularly the made-to-order crepes. We left the waitress know it was our friend's birthday, and she brought out a really lovely plate of mini desserts.I will add that I felt pretty terrible after eating here, but I don't think that was the restaurants fault. Anyone who starts the day with plates full of meat and 5 mimosas brings that stomachache on themselves!
1	PLEASE DO NOT GO HERE. $116 waste of money. Go to Wicked Spoon or Wynn or literally any other buffet in town and you will enjoy yourself a lot more. I love a good buffet and for my girlfriends birthday dinner I was so excited to take her to the best, bacchanal. But we were amazingly underwhelmed. Heed these bad reviews, we aren't lying. The food was terrible, the lines were worse. When my waiter came around and asked how our meal was, I said it was terrible and when I glanced over my shoulder to him, I saw he had already moved on and wasn't listening at all. I emailed Caesars and told them my entire story and 3 days later received a copy/paste impersonal response that said "thanks for making us aware of that issue".CAESAR'S DOESNT CARE IF YOU COME OR NOT. They are too big too care as evidenced by the absurd $116 price tag and the 2000+ reviews. I care a lot more about you enjoying your meal than they do. They messed up my girl's bday dinner and didn't even care. Jerks.
3	We went there on a Monday night pretty long line it took about 25minutes to get in . They give you little Nasty rubber things to hold the plate with in case it is too hot. I thought okay it must be really really good.Don't get me wrong it is good but for $55 .....nah. Not for me. Perhaps $35Overrated
5	So I just got back from Vegas this week and found it necessary to report that...BACCHANAL HAS REDEEMED ITSELF!!I love this place now. It has redeemed itself so much that after this past trip I'm convinced that it's become a Vegas staple for any future visits. My complaint of salty food in the past? Non-existant. The food somehow became much better with a new and improved selection of items to boot. As well as the fact that the service was excellent. It was everything I wished it was upon my first visit here - guess it needed a second chance. Can't wait to go back! Until then I'll be dreaming of that pandan tiramisu.
1	Oh where to start.  I checked in our group and it asked if we were celebrating anything special. We were celebrating 3 birthdays, so I marked that.  The wait time to get seated, we were told, was 17-22 minutes.  We were instructed to come back when the system texted my phone and wait "a few minutes" for our table to get ready.  When we came back we had to wait in an enormous line to pay and then an obnoxiously long line to get seated.  After 45 minutes waiting to get seated (total wait time of one hour and 23 minutes now), we were finally able to sit down.  This was extremely nerve racking because we had show tickets and were seriously worried we would not make the show.  While we were in line they repeatedly pulled people from behind us in line to get seated.  Once seated our server came over and took our drink order.  She came back with our drinks and was never seen again.  We pretipped $10 and I wish we hadn't left that.  Now to the food: the crab legs were great.  Sushi was exceptional.  Mashed potatoes were phenomenal.  Macaroni and cheese was good.  Lamb was tasty.  Good choices for desserts.  However, there is such a thing as having too much.  There were so many choices that I almost felt cheated out of my money because there's no way someone my size could get their money's worth.  Which, by the way, is an astronomical amount.  $56 a person just to wait for almost an hour and a half for a table that we spent 30 minutes at?  No thank you.  Overall: food is great.  Service is terrible.  And you're lucky if you ever get seated.  Will not return ever again.  Save your time and go to the Wynn for a fabulous buffet.
4	So this is probably the most expensive buffet I will ever pay for in my life. But it was pretty awesome for a few reasons.Their paella is awesome. OMG so good, the sausages and cuts of beef are delicious. Their sushi is top notch. The mini lasagnas are great. Their pizza is so-so. I could rack my brains for a while to try and remember just the vast array of world cuisine you can get. They even have good mediterranean food, but was a bit bummed they didn't have an Indian buffet section.A big reason this is as expensive as it is is definitely the seafood section, they have Alaskan king crab, snow carb, etc. Its all fresh and amazing and you're subsidizing that no doubt. But you will have a moment if youre not used to spending a couple hundred almost for 2 people for one meal where you think, "oh man I could eat at _____ for a 10th of this." Also you'll fill up soon and think man there's just so many choices, if you like one item are you cheating yourself by getting more of it by trying another of it versus a new food item? Needless to say anything that was just meh I didnt finish. But its totally worth it to do it at least once. There is usually a huge line for this place around dinner. Shoot for early bird. We waited like 20 minutes or so and my feet hurt from walking on the strip. The layout is nothing too special IMO for seating - all the food stations are like continuous in a cafeteria buffet kind of way except for the dessert which is off to itself in the middle. It starts with seafood, then Spanish, meats, American-ish, Mexican, Italian, Med, then Asian cuisines til the end pretty much. They bring you your drinks and its a cool thing to check out if youre staying at Caesar's.
4	If you're like me and you don't have a lot of chances in your home town to try new and interesting dishes, you probably come to Vegas hoping to broaden your horizons. Here's your chance to do it. Food and cuisine from all over the world, interesting combinations and dishes. All for 30-60 dollars, depending on the meal. The food is well prepared, the selection is impressively varied, and the place is clean and trendy.
4	Ok. Breakfast buffet was about 50 a person. Beautiful buffet.  Crab.shrimp. Shrimp and grits.  There was a piece of plastic in my food. Showed server he says ok. No one came to talk to me.    We also pre tipped so we had to ask for refills. Maybe next time we won't pre tip.we also didn't see the 2nd room of food. Back there was omelet station. Meats and cheeses ( Italian foods) sushi/etc.  Over all it was good. Beautiful buffet.  Lots of choices.
3	We came here on a Friday about 4:30pm and there was no line!! I paid around $130.00 for 2 people because I figured it would be the same price as a steakhouse. (I found out later that the buffett was a bit more) If you are looking for steak you will disappointed like I was. I assumed that steak would be an option because of the pricing of the buffett but I was wrong. They had other choices like lamb, prime rib and chicken. You can get most of these choices at other buffets for much cheaper. I skipped over to the seafood which had Alaskan crab legs and rock crab claws. The Alaskan crab legs you can get at most Las Vegad buffets but the rock crab claws I haven't seen. The reason why I was dissatisfied is because they don't have crab claw crackers. I was told they had wooden mallots but I didn't want to go in that direction because we were seated too close to the other table. I didn't want to have crab shells flying all over the place so I just had the crab legs.I checked out the Asian station but I didn't find anything special. It was comparable to the Rampart Casino Buffett ( which isn't saying much). The dessert bar had no real stand out items for me.  They had gelato and an assortment of pastries. They do have fresh juices though but I didn't try any of them. It is a good buffet but it is overpriced for what it is. If you must try it to see for yourself then you should go but if there is a long line I would think twice.
5	By far one of the best buffets in Vegas!! It is quite pricey but all the food selections make it worth it. Wait wise is okay depending on the time of day you go. They set up a kiosk that texts you when it's busy. Their selection of crabs legs steamed or iced is one of a kind. No other buffet offers steamed or iced. Dessert section is amazing with gelato, crepes made to order and their huge choices of cakes. Peach tea is a definite must. You'll definitely need to be wheeled out afterwards!
5	Considering that this is a buffet, and comparing it with others in the area, is the reason why i came up with my rating.The wait on Sunday Brunch, was expected 40 minutes. I thought it would be worse actually.Presentation wise, and cleanliness, they hit all high scores. They got this whole strip buffet thing pretty much down. The normal stuff you see during Sunday brunch is there, all were displayed deliciously; eggs benedict, sausages, bacon, hash. Nothing from the norm, didn't eat much of that part.They have a huge part strictly for seafood, your normal crab legs, but also lobster corn chowder, lobster biscuits, and seafood paella. I didn't try any, unfortunately I'm allergic.Love their take on peking roast duck, and char siu pork. all cooked perfectly. Great selection of italian cheeses and meats. mushroom polenta was suprisingly good. Star of the show, was smoked salmon in the sushi section,of course prime rib and their braised oxtail. the meat was tender, fall of the bone tender. great flavor.  Just a few reasons why you are paying top dollar. Desserts were also fantastic. took a pumpkin chessecake pop, never had it like that before but it was definitely a refreshing surprise.Passion fruit cheesecake was also good , i just hoped they put more of the passion fruit. Buko Pandan tiramisu, was executed very well, not to sweet, but you still got the flavor of the coconut. Flan, was good, it wasn't the normal sweetness  I am accustomed to in the filipino culture, but it packed flavor. If there was one thing, I didn't like it was the rice pudding w/ cranberry shooter. For some reason it tasted weird to, rice pudding had cinnamon in it, mixed with cranberry it wasn't the most satisfying taste.For what it's worth, the service was excellent, they filled our glasses, with our drinks and mimosas. when we requested for something specific, they would come back quick. So the experience overall was definitely worth every penny,
1	I have no idea how this buffet tastes because their system is awful. We showed up at 7:20 on a Sunday night to have time for a 10:00pm show at the same hotel. We had to put our name in a digitized system to come back and pay at 8:23 - the system absolutely was pointless. We waited until 8:40 to be told we wouldn't be seated until 9:15 most likely, and for a party of two there was nothing they could do. If they had said the wait would be an hour longer than our time to pay we wouldn't have wasted our time, but we ended up instead with a very irritating experience. 0 stars if it was possible for this.
1	The only reason i am giving one star is because the food was great. HOWEVER the customer service is non-existent and we were higly offended and had a horrible experience.We both work in mortgage so customer service is a huge deal! PLEASE read on:We were waiting in the general line, and since i am 6 months pregnant and was very hungry, my husband asked the cashiers on the VIP side if we can pay extra to skip the line, the lady proceeded to tell him sure come over here and wait. So he pulled me out of line and we stood in the express line. After waiting a while we asked her if we can pay already, since the other general line was already moving along. She said "i have to take the vips first" mind you there were hardly any people walking up on the VIP side, we asked again a few minutes later since the general line was moving and we could already have been closer, she responded ill get my manager. We said fine!Manager comes over and we explained the situation, and that we could have just stayed in the general line and saved time and hassle. She apologized and asked us to go ahead and pay, SO another cashier takes us and although we didn't pay the extra charge (why should we when we could have been there already at general line) but she did not ask us our name for the party on the ticket.And so she took it upon herself to type on the reciept that our party name was "ANGRY"!!!! SERIOUSLY WE WERE LIVID!Our entire interaction was calm and honest we just said it like it was, never were we angry, regardless of the fact what kind of person types the customer's name as ANGRY!??? Did i mention i am 6 months pregnant!? this discriminatory action and unprofessional customer service is totally unacceptable. This is ceasars palace?? Ha! didnt feel like it!The manager came over and when we showed her the reciept she was embarrased turned red and appologized continuously. She reveresed the charge and gave me a complaint form to fill out. She said someone will contact us about the incident in a couple days, its been over two weeks now and no one has called us!!! so this is the review they get!!! and i will continue to spread this rediculous action we experienced at supposedly the nicest Buffet in vegas people spend hundreds on!!??? i think not!
2	Sooo... I just thought it was OK. JUST OK. 2.5 stars really. If I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt, then maybe their Monday lunch spread (holiday Monday) is more ordinary than usual. Nothing really stood out, and there were no unique dishes. I didn't really try everything because I was so underwhelmed and had no desire to. A few points:-The crab claws were near frozen and the meat stuck to the inside walls of the shells. You really had to scrape it off!-The "fresh" juices tasted watered down and had no sign of pulp to indicate they were fresh-prime rib and sausage from the carving station were the best itemsMost disappointing of all was the service. My dining partner always gives a generous tip, even if the service was bad. I was already a little irked that he decided to tip pre-meal at 18%. Anyway, our "server" never came by to offer a re-fill of water or coffee yet our plates were always gone after left our table. I had to flag him down 3 times for one thing because each time he was on his way to our table, he got stopped by another table flagging him down. Wouldn't that just piss you off, too??? lol I'll be sticking with Wicked Spoon or Wynn!
4	It is the best Vegas buffet I've tried. Alot of variety. Very clean and well organized. Our sever was very nice. For tourists this is perfect because you can try Chinese, Mexican, meat, Japanese, Italian, seafood, etc. Since I'm from a city that has excellent ethnic food and other food. I rather go somewhere that specialize on one type.  So much food!!! Not a great deal for me since I could not take full advantage and get my $53 worth.
3	We went there about a year ago and it was fantastic with a large the array of food choices.  Since we had such a great experience we took some friends there and for some reason the choices of foods was very limited. We were very disappointed especially when it costs $60.00 per person.  I don't know if we will go back.
1	HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE and MANAGEMENT SKILLS! I am an MBA and specialize in online marketing. They completely false advertise their prices on their website and on Yelp. When you confront them, they state that they are not the ones who post their menu and pricing info online- which is completely not true. They are rude to their customers and talk back to you when you confront them that they have the wrong pricing online. They false advertise and their manager Wolfe heisey is especially RUDE!!!!!!!!!!!! instead of being courteous and nicely responding to your concerns, he gives you a cocky attitude and treats you with disrespect. I am pregnant and should not be talked down to that way, very disgusting and not managerial behavior. Rather than being cocky, he should be courteous to any customer that approaches him. It was very disrespectfulAnd harassing. Completely deserves ZERO stars for their poor customer service and rude behavior.
5	The best buffet of my life!
1	Beware - gnats abound in this buffet. The presentation was unbelievable but when we settled in for desert the gnats attacked. Having spent over $100 for dinner for 2 I asked for a manager. This goon named Wolf came and said this has been a problem before but since we were onto desert there was nothing he would do for us. I contacted customer service after arriving home and while they were sympathetic all that was offered was a return visit. Since I was 2500 miles away I asked for something comparable in one of their locations closer to home and was ignored. No reply at all. Needless to say I will not be returning there or any of their other locations.  Follow up -  It took contacting their corporate office several times but eventually they did the right thing and gave me a full refund.
5	Appearance Open buffet area with some hidden private tables. Clean,  med.lighting, dominated by glass and woody motifs    Food The food her is amazing.  I rivals my other favoeite buffet which is Harrah's of Atlantic City Buffett.  I thoroughly enjoyed the many many flavor available.   They have 4 sections for you endulgence and develop a food coma: asian (peeing duck, sushi, noodles), Italian (pizza, pasta, cheese,  cured meats), American  (Bbq, mac n cheese,  fried edibles ), seafood ( raw bar, snowcrab, shrimp cocktail) AND ALOT MORE.  Not to mention the Dessert island.  All the meats were cooked well and the BBQ BRISKET was OUT OF THIS WORLD! -rich,  tender, savory.. One of best brisket I've ever ate, orgasmic at best! StaffFriendly helpful. . Servers are prompt and courteous.  Ask for Fernando he is a funny host which will entertain you while you're in line.                                            Price$36 for lunch.. just before dinner to save on the lunch price.
5	This was the second time I visited this buffet in Vegas. I had such s great experience the first time around, I had to bring my dad. First time wait: 2+hours then you get texted to go pay. Then I wanted an additional 30-40mins to be seated. Famished!Second time wait: none. 30mins to get seated. Food: great variety of seafood (oysters, stone crabs, snow crabs legs, other hot seafood creations), meats (prime rib, trip tip and or sirloin, turkey, duck, lamb chops) and other ethnic foods (street tacos, sushi, Chinese, dim som, pho/udon noodle station) plus your regular salads, cheese, fruits, desserts and bread stations. Service: mediocre. It takes the servers a while to get your drink and refill. The dirty plates were left on our table until my leg crabs carcasses practically crawled on the table. Slower than my past experiences. Price first time: I came at dinner time so it was $50.99 a person. Dinner price. Price second time: I paid right before 3pm on a Friday. $34.99 (one dollar off with players card) lunch price. Quality of seafood: oysters were more fresh the first time around. The second time around, they looked a bit dry and dehydrated. Crab legs were smaller second time around in comparison to the first. Stone crabs were okay. Not much flavor to them but meaty. Even though they have a great variety of food. I feel the lunch price is more reasonable. I did not notice any difference with food selection from lunch to dinner. By then again, by the time I went in, it was already dinner time.
5	The Bacchanal Buffet @ Caesar's Palace opened in 2012 as an expansion in the brand new,Octavius Tower.The buffet is MASSIVE AS HELL!It's so DAMN big that you might even get dizzy from it!Bacchanal Buffet's atmosphere is great,you sit in spacious leather couches.The buffet is bright, unlike the 2 buffets before this one.There is SO MUCH DAMN FOOD in this buffet!There's Seafood,Chinese Food,and etc.This buffet doesn't have crab legs or lobster tails,but since the other food selection is huge,that might not even be a problem.I lost count of what they had because the buffet is so large.The dessert,HOLY SHIT!The dessert option in this buffet is ENORMOUS!There are your cakes,Creme Brulee,Choco Strawberries,Ice Cream,Mochi Ice Cream,and more.This buffet is SO EXPENSIVE.It's about $50 per adult including tax.If your child eats a lot,go in the buffet and lie about his/her age and pay only $27 for him/her.The waiting line is also long,but if you have a Diamond Tier Total Rewards Card or above,then you can use the V.I.P. Line.You can also get discounts with your Total Rewards Player's Card.
5	Best buffet I've ever experienced! This will be my one stop every time I visit Vegas going forward! Crab legs and Sushi are a must try! The street tacos were super delicious and the dessert station was unbelievable!
3	Not good for parties. You don't get seated as fast with a party of 5 or more. If going with 5 or more, it's better to split up at check in.
3	I do love their ticket waiting system so we don't have to wait in line for hours. When we arrived at 4:30pm thinking the line will be shorter we later found out we have to take a ticket and return on the time it tells us to which was 6pm. Not thrilled about it but better than standing in line.We dined at the Wynn and Bellagio buffet so we though this should be similar price and quality. $140 for 2 people!!! It almost made me want to walk away!Food quality and selection is good but $70 a person is still a lot for a buffet. I will suggest you to come try it once but be prepared for the ticket shock. I know some people compare the price with a fine dinning restaurant and think it's a good price but I compare it with other Vegas buffet and think it's not worth the wait and the money.
4	best buffet in town....
5	Best buffet in las vegas. They have fresh oysters and great meat. And my favorite is the sweet potato tator tots. People forget its a buffet so it wont be perfect and people complain about $50. Go get some king crab and a dozen oysters and you will be charged at least $50 anywhere in vegas but here you get that and drinks and dessert and steak and more. Think about it
5	Love this buffet! Totally worth the price!! Crab legs, italian, soup, chinese, and the desserts!! Awesome job! The dessert section is bigger than some buffets in Vegas! Great! Will always go back!
3	Not as great as I thought it would be. There was a lot of hype to this place when it first opened up so I decided to give this place a try. To be honest I wasn't all that impressed especially for the price point . Not worth it. The food was mediocre at best. There are other buffets out there with better food and better prices.
5	Great selection of sea foods and meats.   Roast beef is very good. And so are the steamed King crab with lemon juice.   Asian food are not very good from an Asian's stand point.  Desert are good.  Especially the fresh made crepes.
3	I tried it out since everyone was raving about the quality of the food. I was not impressed. It was "pretty good for buffet food" but that's not really saying very much...My favorite thing was the street tacos, but for the price I paid to get in; I couldn't have gotten that else where. I doubt I would go back.
4	The buffet was great...so much food ...chinese food, japanese food, italian food, american, mexican, seafood....food food food. they street tacos were good. If you are hungry and dont know what you want to eat ...this is your place...breakfast is about $18, lunch $35 and dinner $50....get there early....we waited in line for one hour...not sure if it was worth it....the dessert bar was pretty cool had every thing I wanted. I tried the mango pudding...yummy and pretty.... :) I didnt like the fact that they crabs were not steamed and hot....Im not a fan of cold seafood. The american buffet was great....the staff there were also funny and friendly...made me smile...I perhaps was overwhelmed with all of the food choices. ....lamb chops, prime rib, mac and cheese :), wings, chicken and waffles...OMG...food fatty.
5	This is by far the best buffet in Vegas, hands down. The variety is amazing! There are food stations featuring cuisine from all over the world and, of course, the vegas standard: lots of seafood and dessert. The stations I remember: Mexican, Korean, Japanese, Chinese, Standard American, Southern American, Spanish, Vietnamese, Seafood, Dessert, etc.Like, seriously, it was a LOT of food. ProTip: Go on a weekday, much cheaper!
5	Amaaaazing! It was worth every single cent. Some of the best food I've eaten on this trip, with a huge selection from all sorts of different styles of cuisine. It was wonderful.
3	I've been here probably 5 times since they very first opened and got all those rave reviews from the media. It's gone slowly down hill as they have taken off some of the best items like the tomahawk ribeyes and they are hit or miss on king crab legs, some times they have it sometimes they don't. The service is horrible for Caesars palace level. Still it's worth going only when you time it right and come when its slower. Would never wait for more than 20 minutes much less the hour or two during peak times.
4	I'll be honest:  I wasn't too thrilled about eating at a buffet during my Vegas vacation earlier this month.  I didn't want to eat anywhere that quite possibly had little kids sticking their fingers into the chocolate fountain (hello, Golden Corral).  But my husband really wanted to check it out, and he was paying, so what could I really do about it?Turns out, this is a very nice, well thought out buffet.  Much better than any buffet I'd ever been to.  Granted, the price for lunch was almost $40 a person, so I wouldn't expect (or shouldn't expect) anything less than stellar.  But the variety was what made this buffet so awesome.  You have your standards, but there are also several international stations, like Japanese, Italian, Indian, etc.  I'm putting dim sum on the same plate as my polenta, mashed potatoes next to a bowl of chicken chile stew.  There's seafood, sushi, eggs benedict, with chicken and waffles and a large array of assorted desserts and gelatos.  It truly is an amazing buffet, in variety especially. There would be something here for everyone.Food was very tasty.  Cleanliness was top notch.  Even the speed with which we went through the long line was pretty decent.  So despite my unwillingness to go to a buffet restaurant on my vacation, I'd have to say since I had to go, I'm glad it was this one.
5	Just like anything in life you get what you pay for.Avoid the line with the express passService can be rather slow but don't worry just flag them down!Good bloody mary!Cheers.
5	I think this is easily the best buffet in vegas. I have lived here for almost twenty years and I have been to almost every buffet, but this buffet offers the largest selection of high quality food. I highly recommend this if you are visiting Las Vegas. I went with a friend to this buffet and he had an express pass, which saved SOOO much time. The lines for dinner are extremely long if you don't have a pass. But really, this place is just gorgeous; the atmosphere and the food are unbeatable! The service was pretty good too.I definitely recommend this buffet although it is quite the investment in one meal...
5	LOVE THIS FREAKING PLACE. Pros: -SO much variety! -Dessert bar is AMAZING -Crab, sushi, pho, meat, shrimp...literally everything is so good. Cons: -Can be pricey! But SO worth it...so then is it really a con? hmm....Tip: Arrive at 2:30 so you pay lunch price but receive a little bit of lunch and dinner when the menu switches over to dinner at 3:00!
5	I am usually not a fan of buffets nor do I easily give out 5 stars, but this really merits the best rating.First, you feel like you are in a decent restaurant, not a sleazy area reserved for freeloaders and losers, as is the case of most buffets.The "spread" is not only diverse, but the quality exceeds most places specializing in the various stations offered here.I fell for the brisket, topped with a special sauce, but not before I tried the "sliders", Mexican specialties, mac and cheese, the sea food appetizers, and various other entrees. All were the best of quality. My Korean wife, stayed with the Asian selections, and as picky as she is, was not disappointed. The desert is rare as it really is gourmet quality. Even some of the finer resort buffets do not begin to match the deserts. It is truly worth the price of admission.The price is steep, about $60 per person, but once in a great while, this is an indulgence to celebrate, or just reward yourself.Yes, this is what Las Vegas buffets used to be all about. Quality, and for visitors, an experience to tell the folks back home.
4	I love this Buffet. It's a little pricey, but can we complain? It delievers on damn good food. I hope the their standards stay the same and I'll keep coming.
2	People don't waste your money. This Buffett is not what you would expect from "The best Buffet in the USA". It started with waiting for 30 minutes in line. The waiter only asked once what we want to drink. After that no show. The plates were almost never removed from our table. A lot of the food was blend, dried out or was sitting way to long. I was missing the special twist in the food. There was nothing special about it. One hour after eating there I am feeling somewhat sick. Spending 55 bucks for that? Never ever again. Go to the Wicked Spoon instead. Way better choice with the twist. Overall super disappointed.Addition: I am very sick after having eaten there. It was either the oyster or sushi. The entire night running fever, chills and very bad cramps. I will never ever go there again.
2	I am one disappointed buffet-loving foodie. :-|We finally had a chance to try out Bacchanal while we were in Vegas for the Olympia this year. We had a group of 6 for dinner here about 90 min before they were closing.Let me just cut to the chase on why I don't ever plan on Bacchanal-ing again:1. The wait for this place is somewhat confusing. You walk up to this lady that gives you a ticket and she tells you, "15 min for your group." So we're thinking, "Wow! Only 15 min to get seated? Awesome!" WRONG-O! It's about 15 min to get in a line to then pay and get in the longer line to get seated. Boo! Don't tease us like that lady!2. They seated us wayyyyy in the back, like literally having to trek it out to even get to the food. There were plenty of tables closer to the buffet area that needed to be cleaned off. Seemed like they were understaffed.3. Food. Blah! Yep, I said it. Everything seemed too salty and not much effort put into cooking it. Only thing I really enjoyed were the snow crab legs and their sweet potato tater tots (which were probably frozen to begin with).4. Pricey. Yes, it's a Vegas buffet, I know. But the quality of the food is not up to par to have it priced "Vegas style".Here's one plus that actually solidifies why my review is staying the way it is:Our waiter was hilarious. He had jokes up the culo. We also were really upfront with him and told him the food wasn't all that. So..he also let us in on a little tidbit. Apparently, the old food court at Caesar's that closed down had chefs over there that held seniority. So those crappy food court chefs quite possibly booted out the stellar chefs that first started out here at Bacchanal and that is why the food is crapola today.My live review in my YouTube vlog here during that weekend: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DhN4ggfu52w&list=UU5YaBtOxOYqeFEEQ_aW6JiA
4	Bacchanal Buffet has dethroned the Wicked Spoon Buffet as my favorite buffet in Vegas. I'd still go to Wicked Spoon when given the opportunity, but I'd say Bacchanal is superior in essentially every aspect.More variety of foods, better selections, and better tasting food. With the popularity that Bacchanal has gained, they now have a ticketing system that works very similar to that of the Fast Pass at Disneyland. You get in line to input information into a call-back system. They print out a receipt and text you when your turn is up. This, I'm assuming, helps with their line so that people don't crowd the Bacchanal area. Also, if the wait is 2 hours long, you can go to the Forum shops, go blow some money on the tables, then come back.After you get back, you get in line to pay, then get in line to be seated. With so many lines and checkpoints, I guess this added call-back system is necessary.One thing that annoyed me was that we came here for the Champagne Brunch and were forced to pay the higher price, even though my wife and I don't drink. But alas, we fell victim to this.They had a raw bar, meat carver, street tacos area, stews and soups, Italian, and an Asian section. Some highlights were the prime rib, the seasoned steamed shrimp [if you didn't want it cold], the wonderful cheese selection, the Kalbi, and the awesome and amazing sweet potato tater tot balls. Oh My Amazeballs - those were awesome.Everything else was just us pigging out and eating in absolute gluttony and excess. What was very disappointing was the dessert bar. I've read review after review of how great the desserts were and how extensive their selection is. Sure, there is quite a variety and a great selection... but everything was underwhelming and quite a disappointment. The Bacchanal dessert bar is like Floyd Mayweather - rich and flashy, but surprisingly disappointing when you realize he can't even read a book. The flan was dense and thick when it looked beautiful and light. The black sesame gelato had no flavor. The cakes and cookies, while looking exquisite and beautiful, were .. again.. disappointing. So yeah.. for the price you pay, you certainly get a great variety and, as with the Wicked Spoon, or any other buffet, there are plenty of hits and misses. Bacchanal sure had its share of hits, but the dessert bar is a complete miss.
5	If you are going to check out one buffet in Vegas, this is the one to check out! Food is amazing, excellent selection. Have been here many times, and brought many friends and family. Never had anyone that was disappointed.
4	Believe the hype! This place is awesome. I've been to many buffets and I can now say that this is one of my favorite places. Unfortunately, this place is a little more pricey. Bacchanal replaced their old buffet at Caesar's palace, which is a good thing because their old buffet was horrible.  For a party of 2 on a Friday night, we waited 20 minutes to pay for our meal and 15 minutes to get seated. Not too bad, at all! I was expecting longer wait times.  When you pay, you have the option to tip in advance....I don't recommend this. I tipped during payment, but I wish I had waited until the end because our server wasn't great. The food: there's too much to talk about so I'll just going to highlight a few things. The sliders are amazing! Just be careful because their plates are hot. The patty just melts in your mouth. I would also recommend their prime rib and sweet potato tots. My favorite of the night had to be there king crab legs. They offer both iced and hot, oddly they are at two different stations. I prefer the boiled crab legs. When I approached the station, I had a big grin on my face as the server lifted the lid and grabbed a bunch of steaming deliciousness for me. By the end of the night, I had about 3 plates full of just the crab legs. You'll also find fresh squeezed fruit juice, such as guava, pineapple, cantaloupe, etc. Although these sound good, I wasn't a big fan...they were tasteless to me. The dessert station is on the side and they have a bunch of great things. They had freshly made crepes, gelato, pastries, cakes, etc. Before arrive to Bacchanal, I browsed and found a things I wanted to try and I was a little disappointed that I didn't find some of those items...mainly the watermelon and feta cheese salad and their deep fried chicken wings. The service here was below par, which is something I didn't expect coming from a place that charged us $50 for dinner. First, at the meat station, I asked for some baby back ribs. The server grabbed two, but as he was transferring ribs to my plate, he accidentally hits the light lamp that was above the meat. I was thinking he'd get me a new piece of rib, but he proceeds to give me the same one which was contaminated with dust. Also, he looked as if he hated his job. Second, our server dropped by to get our drink orders. Period. That was all we saw of her the entire night. Other servers were there to take away our old plates, but no one filled up our drinks. I am giving this place 4 stars because I really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere. They could have gotten 5 stars if their service was better. Most people will come to Vegas and have the Buffet Buffet, but I'd recommend this as  a place to try. You will not be disappointed.
4	Friends who ate here told me I just had to eat here no matter what. I'm not a huge fan of buffets but after hearing there were over 500 items to chose from & it being the largest buffet in the world (according to the girl who worked there) & seeing all the delicious pics on Yelp, I just knew I had to eat here. We arrived around 730pm on a Tuesday. There's a kiosk machine where you check-in. You punch in how many people are in your party. Put in your cell number and you'll receive a text telling you to come back and get in line. On the ticket the wait said it was 45 mins but I got a text within 10 mins and we went to stand in line. I estimated we probably waited less than 30 mins. The host said the best time to go is between 4pm - 5pm, food for thought.Now on to the food. I really was going to attempt to eat as much protein and seafood as possible. I wasn't going to waste any stomach space on carbs. First station - meat, they had brisket, lamb, spicy sausage and a couple of others I can't remember what they were. I decided to go for the lamb since I never had it before and also the spicy sausage and brisket. I was surprised the lamb was pretty good & not gamey as I thought it would be. Not a fan of it though. The brisket was tender and the spicy sausage was helluva good. Oh I also tried the hamburger sliders which have little sticks on it telling you how it's cooked. Just ate the meat and not the bread lol, it was pretty good.Next on to seafood. Went for the crab legs and boy did I pig out on that. I didn't know where they steamed crab legs were until after I ate the cold ones but what the heck went and got them anyway. It's way in the back by the way, near the Japanese section. You give the cook your plate and they sure pile up the crab legs, they aren't stingy either. If I didn't have high cholesterol then I do now. Oh and btw, there's a video on a Yelp showing you how to open the claws. Thank you to the nice person who posted that. My friend kept telling me if I ate a whole plate of crab legs then I got my money's worth and yes I did - twice. I also tried the fried chicken and waffles, well just the chicken anyway & it was pretty darn good. The only veggie I tried was the corn on the cob. I decided to try the Tonkotsu Ramen and surprisingly it tasted like something I would get in Japan. It comes in a small bowl and the noodles were cooked perfect. So I know y'all are dying to know about the desserts. Well there's a lot. I tried almost everything that was chocolate except for ice cream. I think I was bouncing off the walls from all the sugar. I'm not a dessert person but all desserts looked so stinking good that I just had to try it. They had mini cakes, cup cakes, macaroons, ice cream and they even had mochi ice cream. You name it, they probably had it. I will definitely go back here the next time I'm in Vegas. Oh and wear lose clothing, you'll thank me later, lol.
4	Pretty good buffet. Probably the best in Vegas at the moment. Lines can be long so try going before rush hour. Must try are the stone crab claws, crab legs (they serve warm steamed ones by the Italian section), prime rib with extra jus, the veal and oysters. Go for the seafood and good meats. Skip the asian and mexican food. It's mediocre and you can get more authentic dishes elsewhere for way less. =)
3	My first run-in with Bacchanal was a 2.5 hour wait for an expensive Sunday brunch, which we ended up giving up on. Flash forward to a Tuesday evening. There was still a 45-minute wait and the price was $55 for dinner on a weeknight. Fortunately, we were given a ticket to bypass the wait time, but I was still surprised by the price compared to Wicked Spoon. But, I convinced myself that I had to try Bacchanal at least once before forming judgment. The "#1 rated buffet in Vegas" failed to live up to its hype on several fronts. Let's start with the good. You're basically paying the price tag for the amazing seafood and carving station options. The crab legs/claws were some of the best I've had at a buffet and I really went to town on the jumbo shrimp. They also had oysters on the half shell, which were mediocre. Several amuse-bouches included a good seafood ceviche, oyster shooter, and a salmon spread. Another winner was the scallops Rockefeller. I found the brioche crust to be perfect. For meats, the prime rib was bloody excellent, and I loved the rack of lamb. Head to the Mexican station to grab freshly-squeezed guava, pineapple, strawberry, or horchata juice served in a bottle on ice. Where does this buffet fail? Pretty much everything else. There were some pretty bad dishes including an extremely dry cod and awfully salty BBQ ribs. But, I really didn't like the offering of sushi, pizza, and desserts. If you're paying top dollar, should you really be serving pizza sitting under a heat lamp? How about something different like flatbread? The sushi was pretty much like any other buffet sushi - dried out rice with old-tasting fish. I liked the ice cream offerings, but all the other desserts and pastries tasted stale and dry. Forget the stupid ticketing system and heavy wait times. Forget the expensive price. Forget all the disappointing food. I'll take Wicked Spoon or a nice steak dinner any day.
2	Like any other buffet. Lots of variety to choose from, but food quality was not five stars worthy!
5	I am never disappointed by this buffet! I can't even name every single item they serve, but let's just say they never disappoint! The perfect time to go is a good 30 minutes before they stop serving breakfast and start serving lunch. You get a little taste of each! Between the red velvet pancakes, sushi, waffles, dessert island, and so much more, there is no way you will leave anything less than satisfied!
5	my fave buffet spot in Vegas
4	If you go on Sunday better pay the 20 USD extra to skip the line, it could take hours to get you in. Great food but it's not cool to wait one more line for a slice of meat or bacon.
4	This place is a solid four stars, we did have the perks of seven stars so we didn't have the long line everyone else went through.  The food was fresh, well most of it. Some of the things near the meat station were a little dried out I'm assuming because the line blocked people from seeing what was available.We had a really nice meal and the staff was all fast and friendly.
3	Beautiful buffet with a huge selection, but it's the same old story as with most buffets. They want to give people more options, but flavors are sacrificed. Some of the dishes have something wrong with them. Either too bland, salty, dry, etc. They had the blandest crab that I've ever had at a buffet. I would say though that the Asian food selection was delicious. Everything tasted accurate and the variety was unique and numerous. I've never seen roast duck, pho, wonton egg noodle soup, and udon all in one buffet, and they were all tasty. So yummy. Best pho at a buffet that I've ever tasted!There are so many dishes that I had never seen at other buffets before like green tea cookies and chicken and waffles. Bottom line: Unique options, large layout, but flavors lacking for the most part.
3	I'll never truly understand why such a vast amount of variety is ever necessary. After sampling approx 15 items then hitting the dessert station,  I can say it is after my 3rd visit to this buffet, a solid 3.5. The first time I was here it was a solid 5 star.  Nothing ever stays as good as it was , when the idea was new and the staff had smiles
3	Overall not impressed for the price. We even got in for the lunch price as they were switching to dinner selections. Don't get me wrong it's a really nice buffet. But it's a buffet. Very disappointed at the very few "small plate" presentations found during our visit. Vast majority of the food is served in the more traditional communal  "trough of food" style from which you spoon out your portion. The hype I had read led me to believe the majority of the food was prepared nearly to order and that's simply not my experience. For the price I was much more impressed with Wicked Spoon. Had their brunch price of $27, granted no crab legs for brunch but still liked their presentation and their dessert selection better.
4	I think this a great buffet, I've not tried all of the yet, but from the ones I've tried this is easily number 1 in my books.
5	the best buffet in town. I can not wait to go back!!! a must go to
5	Hands down the BEST buffet in Las Vegas.
2	Im not one to spend much time writing reviews on things like this, however I felt it was my civic duty on this one, to slightly warn those thinking of haunting this new and trendy Vegas buffet. Not that it was horrible, in fact, the food and atmosphere were FINE. FINE. Yep, that's the word I would use to describe this buffet. Just fine. It is in no way worth the wait or cost. Period. It is mostly buffet type and quality food. The selection is ok, the lines once inside the buffet are long but manageable; they do a fine job of replacing the food; the helpers are not always the most helpful. I  suppose its so busy because its the newest or getting the most buzz, but in reality I suppose, just like Vegas itself, the hype will die once something newer and shinier comes around. Please, do not be me. Do not give into your urges just because everyone else says its the best thing ever. Its fine, and if you want to impress your friends by dropping $200 for 3 of you to eat at the newest and shiniest buffet and wait in line for an hour or more for the privilege, then this is your best bet, otherwise, find something with far less people, save some money and go do something you will actually enjoy.
4	There are a few glaring issues that must be fixed in order to make this a five star buffet.1. Several people have commented that the crab is frozen. They are 100% correct! Why has Bacchanal done nothing to remedy this? If five star crab is supposed to be frozen (not chilled; actually frozen), then my apologies. Nonetheless, I'm pretty sure the crab is supposed to be edible and not actually frozen solid.2. The website says lunch begins at 11:00. I understand a small delay while clearing breakfast, but I should not have to wait until 12:00 for the ribs and other specialty meats to arrive. The icecream was also pretty late to arrive.3. The pizza was pathetic. It is cheese on thin bread and nothing more.4. Most asian meats were quite tough and dry.The remainder of the food was good, but not spectacular when considering the price. While I would return, I would only do so if there was not a long wait and all items were ready as advertised.
4	Came here for the bubbly brunch! Great spot to eat and drink for a few hours! You definitely get your money's worth - great food and unlimited champagne or mimosas for the brunch special! Loved our sever Carlos - we never had to ask for anything he was super accommodating! Great spot to check out while in Vegas!
1	Well I didn't have much choice. I don't eat pork,  and their most of the dishes have pork.  I would suggest they keep more seafood items so that people who don't eat pork can enjoy! :)
3	Food was good decor very nice not your typical buffet!
1	A total disappointment!  Literally ate one bite of each dish hoping it wouldn't be a fail...but it was.The food is DEFINITELY not worth the price that was paid.  Seafood was lackluster and had few options.  Crab was waterlogged (even the "hot" version was waterlogged).  The meat carving section was not good.  BBQ ribs and brisket were waaaay too smokey.  The prime rib seemed like it was rushed through cooking and the person at that station did not know how to cut the meat properly (cutting it into weird chunks, instead of the typical slices).  The rest of the hot foods were forgettable.  As mentioned earlier, you'll only have one bite of each dish and be disappointed. The desserts were meh as well.  The only thing that WASN'T a total fail was the creme brulee.  Although if the only thing that was worth getting a second time (or taking a second bite of) was a small aluminum foil dish of creme brulee, that in itself is a fail.Servers were nice, but inattentive.  Water glasses were empty for the majority of the meal and it took a long time to get ahold of anyone.Wound up going to Wicked Spoon two nights later and was totally satisfied there.
3	This is not what the advertisements would make you think. I thought this buffet was going to be absolutely fantastic. There was a station for each food culture: seafood, Italian, Chinese, breakfast, Mexican and dessert. It was pretty good but nothing beyond that. It has a wide variety selection, but none of the food is 'impressive', some of the food was even dying at the buffet. It was similar to going to a 3 star restaurant to receive each dish. The food lacked quality in each item presented. Even though the mimosas are included this Buffett is Not worth the money. I feel that the majority of the budget went towards can advertisements as opposed to actual food quality. We thoroughly enjoyed the Aria buffet and rated that buffet 5 stars which was far better than this one.
5	'Just returned back to the desserted Island from a mass fatty trip to Las Vegas and Los Angeles. I am still having withdrawals, not to mention drawstring pains (my pants are too tight post-trip).To one of the best buffets I've ever been to in my life - let's break it down. CONS (way less cons than pros, so let's start here):- there is always a line. it looks like a line to get into a club, and you'll probably see some skimpy dressed ladies, too. - that's about it. - oh, except, you will need to go on a diet pronto. Stat. Your doctor will not be happy. PROS:- they take your picture while you're waiting to get in, available to purchase. how cool!- they give you rubber plate holders, so you don't burn your fingers - now that's thoughtful, and that's what I call service! - there is king crab, oysters, prime rib, and a freakin' pho/noodle/dim sum bar. how can you say no?! - the dessert bar is a huge station, and there's everything from molten chocolate lava cakes to gelatos to macarons and baked cookie blondies. - complimentary glass of wine with you dinner. Why, don't mind if I do.
4	Yup... This is the best buffet in Vegas! They cater to Asian ppl so there's tons of good options! It's super busy so get there in between meals like around 2-3pm lol you get the best of both worlds that way! They don't even rush you out when you're sitting there about to explode and holding your bellies! I will definitely come back here again next trip!
4	There are so many delicious options. I recommend going at least 1 hour prior to get your place in line. It's nice because they contact you via text when your table is ready so you don't have to wait around. This is the best buffet in Las Vegas in my opinion.
5	Compared to other buffets across the globe this is one of the best you will ever have.  Quality mimosas and the option to have cold or hot crab legs. The desserts were amazing and included a crepe and gelato station.  The service was very good as well.  You may have to take a ticket and wait 40 minutes but it is worth it.  We did Saturday champagne brunch.  I highly suggest the brunch!
4	More expensive than comparable buffets but they carry more variety. I think the seafood is grossly overrated by other reviewers, but a solid buffet nonetheless.
4	As far as the food-I found this to be the highest quality of a buffet one can get on the strip. It has the usual-crab legs (hot at dinner) and cold during lunch. Plenty of meat selections enough to give you a meat coma for sure. I loved the fried chicken. Yes it is really expensive! I believe all buffets are expensive on the strip that are good, but do not go on a holiday otherwise it becomes really expensive and kind of ridiculous. I would say the issue for me is the long lines. Nobody wants to wait in those kind of lines. We got lucky and went at a strange time 3 p.m. not lunch or dinner and only had a 30 minute wait. I don't think I would give it such a high review if I had to wait 2 hours. Something else I noticed was being really close to the person next to us, to the point where I heard their conversation then just started chatting with them because I kind of felt like I was a part of their conversation even though I wasn't, we were so close I felt like I was eavesdropping but it was not on purpose. Overall this is a buffet I would suggest to out of town visitors. I hope it stays good.
3	So many options to choose from! The only reason I would return here is for the seafood alone. Their crabs (hot and cold) were fresh and delicious. Their oysters and shrimp we're humongous and of course super fresh. The rest of the food options were just okay. I've had better at the Wynn, Bellagio and Cosmo. I love my dessert and I was so disappointed here. I read so many positive reviews that I filled up my plate on the first dessert round. That was a mistake. The dessert just tasted off. Seafood: 4-5Other buffet items: 3Dessert: 2 :(
5	This was by far the best buffet in Las Vegas! Totally worth every penny!! they have a huge selection of different variety on foods and the taste was amazing! loved their Brisket it just melts in your mouth! and their dessert section was huge and the quality in their food tasted great!
5	First time coming here. Super long waiting time, but well worth it. They did offer for an additional $20 person, we could get in right away. In which, we decided to wait since it was already $55 a person. There was all different types of food you could imagine. American, Asian, Mexican and more. You won't be disappointed if you come here. You'll leave with a very happy stomach.
5	This was my first Las Vegas buffet experience and it did not disappoint. The selection of food was superb and the service was awesome. There was a ton of variety and everything tasted fresh and delicious. TIP: Get there at 10:30 (weekday) - right as breakfast is ending and they are turning over for lunch. You'll get brunch for the breakfast price which saves you a bit of $$. I will absolutely be back!
3	I'm trying my hardest to not give this buffet a 2-star rating. Because honestly if you hover that tiny little mouse over the 2-star rating, it reads "Meh. I've experienced better." And frankly, I have. Hands down my favorite buffet in Vegas so far is Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo (see my review for more about it) and taking second billing would be the Wynn Buffet (also reviewed).Reason why I'm not giving it a 2 is because it's not horrible; I didn't get food poisoning, food wasn't tasteless, I didn't leave hungry. BUT I did regret what I paid for and felt absolutely disappointed in choosing to eat here. I understand that they're known for their wide variety of items to choose from which there were, but the quality of those items were pretty run of the mill. Chips and salsa. Mac and cheese. Your token "Asian section" with chow mein and fried rice. The seafood section was lackluster. My cod was dry and bland. Probably the only food item I did like was their truffle scalloped potatoes. I went for seconds on that one - must have! But that's about it. Their dessert section didn't excite me. I think I ate all my custard cause it tasted like leche flan (shout out to all my Filipinos), sampled the rest of the desserts and pushed them to the side of my plate. Super wasteful but I pretty much saved other people's time from grabbing a sub-par dessert. You're welcome, Vegas patrons.You expect grandeur at a place like this, well at least I did. Especially with this kind of price tag, you expect tiny ass rainbows to come shooting out of your eyes as you body roll in your seat making yummy noises. Sadly, none of these things happened. I was left rainbow less and my body refused to roll.I would not come back. Sorry, Bacchanal. I'm probably better off taking my money elsewhere... slots anyone?
5	This is by far my favorite buffet in Las Vegas.I've eaten here twice now and I must say that each time was well worth the $$$ and the full stomach. My friends and I decided to try it the first time because it had just opened and we wanted to see if it lived up to the Vegas Buffet standards; it did. Over a year and a half later, I dragged my entire family to eat att this buffet because of the positive experience I had the first time.It's around $65 for weekend dinner buffet (that price included tax and 18% gratuity for my 8+ party), but they have such a vast variety of the food and wonderful presentation for each of the dishes that the price doesn't stop me from wanting to go back even as I'm writing this review.They have several different types of food stations (going right to left from what I can remember) chinese, dim sum, sushi, made to order ramen, pho, udon, salad bar, cheese bar, pasta, pizza, mexican, the mexican fruit juices (i loved), soup, bread, meat - lamb, prime rib, fried chicken, etc., mashed potatoes, macaroni and cheese, fresh seafood, and dessert in the center of the restaurant. It's awesome. They also gave each of us at the table a complimentary glass of wine which was nice.Loved both of my dining experiences here and I will definitely be back!
5	If you are a diamond status (my dad) you don't have to wait long so we were very lucky! (otherwise it would've been an hour for our party of 13. We got the back corner table which was semi enclosed and felt like we were dining in our own private room. Def. worth the price with all the seafood and desserts along with complimentary glass of wine (for member) and champagne and excellent server who kept removing our plates! (for more)
5	Probably the best buffet in Vegas! Well organized express entries so you know when to return if you aren't VIP. So many items to choose from and different types of eats from all over the world. I used to think Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan was the best, since it was knew but they've come off from the pedestal a bit. I especially like their seafood section that offers crab claws, crab legs both cold and boiled as well as large shrimps not the itty bitty ones you find in most Vegas buffets nowadays. With all the options you need to plan accordingly to make room for dessert. Check out my pics and you'll drool...
4	Right after our plane landed in Las Vegas from Sacramento, my boyfriend and I came here to eat. The service was good, but I would expect it to be for $50+ per person!!! I was appalled at the price, but we were hungry and it took us about 20 minutes of walking to find the buffet in what seems to to be biggest casino/hotel on the strip. The ambiance is nice, and very clean. There are plenty of tables for small and large groups. The food was good. I think some items could have been better, but it's a buffet so I'm not expecting every single dish to be the best I've ever had. There is so much variety here and soooo many dishes to try out. My favorite was probably the Italian station. The pastas and meatballs were good. Only complaint is that the desserts were not good. I probably tried about 2/3 of what was on the station (not the crepes, cus the line was too long), and many were left uneaten after one bite. The creme brulee was probably the best one I had. If you're looking for a lot of variety and lot of choices, this is a great buffet.
5	Every time I'm out in Las Vegas this is one of my go to foodie spots/ buffets! I may not go to the other buffets but this one is the best one I've been to thus far in Vegas! The first time I tried this place out, it was unforgettable! My first plate had everything from oysters, calamari, dimsum, pad thai, sushi, and pasta! They have such a variety of different cuisines to choose form to make your dish filled with food. They second time I came here tho it was a different vibe, we had to wait for an hour ten come back to check in and be seated..... and there was no oysters either! Along with the oysters, the dessert bar special changed to caramel apples for Halloween from shaved ice in September Guess one thing good about this place is they are always changing things due to the special occasions or the holidays! The service is great here, but the staff could use a bit of more help to deal with the vigorously long lines here! But it is well worth the wait and WORTH SPENDING 30-50 for the buffet! Oh, and small parties of two or 3 get seated faster and get to take a photo for keepsake for a small amount of $20 for 3 photos. I recommend everyone to try this place out when you are in vegas! It's well worth the wait & your money!
5	Check out these pics! I still can't stop thinking about this damn buffet! Can't wait to get back to Vegas just to eat here again!
4	Brought the boyfriend here today for his belated birthday feast. We got there right before 1000am and didn't have to wait. Wonderful! It's $43.99 w/ TR card for adults and $24.99 for children. I wish the age for paying children was 5 years old. My daughter is 4 and although I paid for her, she barely ate! All she had was 1/2 a juice and 1/4 of a char Sui bao. I should've called to see what their seafood selection was for Sunday brunch. Unfortunately there were no oysters, which is what he really wanted. The crab legs had to do! Overall the food was good. Decent selection, but for the price I think it's better to come for dinner. As with most buffets we've been to there are always a few items that have been out too long. I don't remember our servers name, but he was ok. Not the worst and not the best. He couldn't get our drink order- 2 Reg coffees, 1 decaf and 4 waters. We got the 2 coffees and 3 waters. Then when we asked for the decaf, we also had to ask for a cup. It wasn't even busy yet either. Oh well, at leas he asked if we were done with our plates instead of just taking them.
1	Well, we were looking for a place to eat before a show at Caesars and thought we'd try this place. Had a lot of time to kill so waiting in the long line was acceptable but not pleasant. I was struck by the high price of $53.99 per. I don't mind paying if I feel it has been worth the price. I think the only thing the one star would cover is the huge variety of food available. Better like fish because the entire restaurant reeked of fish. When I eat at a buffet, the first trip, I will get a small portion of a lot of items and then return on the good ones. Everything that I sampled on the first trip was not worth the trip back. The desserts were good but by then I was so angry at getting "ripped off" that it was hard to enjoy.       In short, for the money you pay, this is by far the worst buffet that we have ever experienced. After tax and tip (not workers fault), our bill was $136.73. Grrrrrr!
5	There are basically not enough stomaches in the world to prepare you for this meal. Let me just say, do not eat anything all day, or do the brunch and have this be the first thing that you eat because it will be the only thing you need to eat for the next 8 hours. Also be prepared to be eating for a good 3 hrs. There is so much here that you will tell yourself you won't be there long but guess what, they have different foods come out at certain times and BAM you won't be able to leave. You probably think that because of all the food and all the people that come here that the quality will be shit. This is not the case at all, the food quality was better than I imagined it. This buffet is one of the pricey one but well worth the money. I wouldn't go to any of the other buffets after this. I wish I could put into words how big this buffet is. It is like steping into 4 restaurants all at the same time. The meat here is so good and cooked at perfect temperatures and is never try. My favorite was the Prime Rib. It just melted in my mouth and so did the brisket. It was full of flavor and felt like I ordered it from a BBQ place. There was an asian area where they were serving dim sum and I was in heaven. They had a hot and sour soup there and it was to die for. The workers were busy like ants just constantly moving and replacing everything like a well oiled machine. The seafood area was the busiest. Here you could get all the crab legs you want and they are half shelled for you so there isn't any work trying to get the meat. They had a wonderful oyster shooter that was soaking in a cucumber watercress juice which i loved. At 3pm they brought out oysters on a half shell and I was so happy at this point. The desserts were crazy. So many cakes and gellatos. They had an gellato sandwich that used donuts as the bread. And get the asian 5 spiced cake so effing good. And the mimosas kept coming. I dont know if it was our server but she made sure my glass was never empty I ate so much I didn't need to eat the rest of the day. Never have I felt to gluttonous but if there was a place to do it it would be at ceasers palace in the Bacchanal Buffet.you have to at least try this place once in your life.
4	So I was in vegas last weekend and I asked my friends what was the best buffet in vegas since I haven't been in vegas for over 6 years now.  Bacchanal came up a number of times so I decided to check it out.  We went at 6:30pm on a sunday and it wasn't that busy, we got seated within 10 minutes.  One of the things that I like about this buffet is that they serve hot crab legs.  You just have to go over to the Italian food station instead of the seafood station.  My suggestion for anyone coming here is to first go around and look at all the different options, and then decide what you want to try, don't try to over do it in the first pass, its not a race but a marathon.  Overall I felt that the quality of the different food was good but not sure if you really get your moneys worth at the $55 price tag.  You may be better off just eating in a nice restaurant but if you want variety then this is the place to go.
5	$55 buffet?  Yes.  Worth it?  Yes. By far the best buffet I have had in my life, the quality of all the food here was well above what I had imagined it would be.  The beef brisket they had here was worth $55 dollars alone.  And for the price you get a glass of wine or beer.  They have something for everyone, if you a bit hesitant to try it because of the price, just do it, it is worth it.
3	Honestly, do not come here with a large group. If you do, split up into groups of 2 or 3 people. That's the only way you will be seated in a reasonable time.My family and I came to this buffet (group of 9). It's a busy night, we understand that there will be a wait time of 2 hours so we took our ticket and sat around picking lint off our clothes. They would text us as soon as a table was ready.We watched as couples and groups of 3 got their ticket and barely walked away before they abruptly turned back, 99.97104% chance they were reading the text that their table was ready, and returning to give the lady their ticket. DO NOT UNDERSTAND THE SITUATION WITH THAT, THEY COULD HAVE JUST COMBINED SMALLER TABLES TO ACCOMMODATE THE LARGER GROUP. Seriously, the only reason I'm giving them 3 stars was the food. There was a huge selection and not only that, it was very filling. A lot of the buffets that I have tried previously, the food was subpar and we just stuffed ourselves to get our money's worth. Bacchanal had 5 star quality food and we didn't have to stuff ourselves, the meal was completely satisfying.+ They have a crepe bar that has a wide selection of things you can add on to it.
4	Bachannel has always been the place we must visit when in vegas. It's been 5 trips and every trip was satisfying though pricey.  This last trip was the most disappointing!  Everything tasted good but the dessert.  I was looking forward to the dessert! Boy, was disappointed.  Macaroons tasted like sponge cake. None of the pastries tasted as I remembered.  Not even the gelato.  1 star less for horrible tasting dessert. Food was still good.
5	One of the best buffets on the strip and I've been to a few.So many options from lunch til dinner. Be prepared to pay $50, but trust me it's worth it. For lunch/brunch they have unlimited mimosas of different flavors, they have full breakfast, to crab legs, to sushi to pizza etc etc. .. anything you could think of they probably have it. Dessert was also on point. They say you have a 2 hour limit, but there's no way for them to track it unless you literally spend like 5 hours in there. So, take lots of breaks, drink lots of mimosas and get your money's worth!!
4	Really great buffet. Can't say if it's the best in Vegas but it's gotta be top 5. The selection of food and quality was really top notch stuff. That would explain its price per person, gotta pay for that kind of quality. I personally loved the carver station but no matter what you eat it's gonna be great!
5	Came here with my gf last weekend on a mini vacay to vegas and we had to stop by and eat here! this was my first time coming here and I had a great experience. I ate so much oysters, ribs, and crab legs lmfao I had food coma afterwards. The crab legs you can get it either cold or hot. The hot crab legs you have to go towards the Italian section and give them your plate over the counter and they will serve it to you.Oysters were fresh and the mango juice was good too. The wait and cost is worth it to me. I'd love to come back and eat here again.
5	You have to try this one while its soooo good. Great selection and preparation. It beats 75% of overall Vegas restaurants. Go and enjoy. Breakfast, lunch, dinner...no matter!
5	By far the BEST buffet I have ever experienced!! Expectations for this place was very high due to peer recommendations, the atmosphere and of course the price.  Well, it exceeded those expectations by far.  As soon as my friends and I sat down the waitress, I believe her name was Milka, was already there offering us something to drink.  The dining room wasn't set up like a typical buffet, it felt cozy, welcoming and very fancy.  But now to the best part of the experience: The food!!  The variety of foods set out was just out of this world!  From sushi, fresh oysters, prime rib to pizza (the BEST pizza at any buffet by the way)... if you want it, this place has it! The mac and cheese was amazing! Luckily our table was right next to the desserts, so I had the privilege of trying almost everything multiple times. The fudge stuffed chocolate chip cookies and the green tea torta is HIGHLY recommended.  To top off the already great time my friends and I were having, there was a tall (and easy on the eyes) manager named Wolfe that continued to check on us to make sure we were happy and enjoying ourselves.  His positive attitude, demeanor and energy made it hard for us to want to leave.  Being apart of the customer service industry myself, I know from experience that the food, drinks and atmosphere can excel beyond one's wildest dreams, but the customer service of an establishment is what makes or breaks it.  Thank you Wolfe and the rest of the wonderful staff at Bacchanal's Buffet, can't wait to come back!
3	It gets 3 stars because the food is pretty good HOWEVER, it's still a buffet.Better than average? Definitely.  Worth $60? No way.If you're getting comped or someone else is paying then by all means go.  If you have to pay, go elsewhere.
5	BEST buffet! They have quality food over quantity! I highly recommend all the seafood and I love that there's variety of food. We all have that mentality of "getting our money's worth" by trying to eat all the seafood (oysters, musscles, king crab leg, etc) but save room for the other things they offer! The dessert section- there's soooooo many to choice from! It breaks my heart to see them throw absolutely everything away... So try a bite of everything if it's towards the end of the day...
5	Best buffet! So much good food of many different genres. I love they portion many in small dishes so it is easy to get just a taste and try many new things. The barbecue was delicious as was the seafood, especially the steam crab legs. The dessert bar was amazing and fresh rambutan fruit too! They had Chinese food, sushi, Italian and southern home cooking among other styles of food available. Juice bar was good too. Service was quick and friendly.
2	2 stars becauses the food is fantastic. We had the champagne brunch today, and it was great. The best desserts, great meats and awesome seafood. We were dissapointed, however, by our waitresses behavior. As we were getting up to leave, our server saw us and walked over. She picked up our check and loudly asked us if we needed change, which we did not. Keep in mind you pay for everything before you eat here. Then she said "I didn't see anything on the check." It became obvious she was asking for a tip. As we left and were not walking out, she sarcastically told us to havbe a great day. Extremely rude and not acceptable when you are paying close to $50 a person for a weekend lunch.
4	Got there 10:20am on Monday morning for breakfast, there is no line. $28.99/person, but you get $1 off if you have rewards card. Our party has 6 people, they don't allow you to sit until everyone is there. By the time we sit down, it's already 11:15 which is lunch time. They didn't charge us extra though. lunch is more expensive. The food was great, fresh, well prepared, we even saw oyster for about 20 minutes, not sure if they put there by mistake. I like ginseng chicken soup, grill duck, dim sum, Mexican food, cocktail shrimp, dessert. Most of them are very good. But you can only eat there for 2 and half hours. We didn't notice that, until our waiter remind us.
4	The line was 2 hours long at 9pm on a week night which tells you this place is hot. We paid the extra $20/person to skip the majority of the line which probably saved us an hour or so. You cannot be disappointed with the variety here. There is seafood, a Mexican affair complete with made to order street tacos and the dessert island is vast and beautiful. The prime rib is okay. We had a complementary glass of wine with our dinner which was great. Not necessarily the best food in the city, but it was still worth it for the experience.
2	Not impressed. Plating wasn't what I had expected and the flavors of the food were not really a "I will have to come back flavors" the Italian selection was very poor to me since they had different types of cold cuts and pizza and one or two different pasta dishes. What I loved however was the Mexican salsas, they were great! As far as the "American food" I found it tasteless as well as the deserts. not to mention my colleague got sick from the sushi. Also, we had a waiter come bring drinks once and that was pretty much it, never saw him again in the whole time we were there. I would not call it the best buffet in the USA or even Las Vegas. I still think that The Wicket Spoon is on top of the list!
5	It does not suprise me that this is the number one buffet! The buffet goes on forever and the variety of cuisines is incredible. Where else can you get sushi, pizza, salad, sliders and amazing desserts all in one place? The kicker is: is all tastes incredible! Nothing is buffet quality or underwhelming! It tastes like they have mastered each dish as their specialty.It is definitely pricey! Unless you are looking to spend some serious money in Vegas, this is not an every meal place! Nor is it included in the infamous  $50 24hrs buffet pass. It is worth trying once though! Come starving, leave so beyond satisfied!
5	Amazing- totally worth it.....if u love seafood that's ur spot!!!! Oysters and crab legs,  mussels.....and what not....the deserts...wow.....I can not stop loving this place.....I will be back everytime now...if they qould put a 24 hr Buffett pass for only this on on the market I would b their regular customer:))))!!!! Again...worth every penny........
5	Dinner is about $50 a person. The variety is endless. The Asian section is the best I have ever seen at a buffet, as well as the seafood section which had crab legs, oyters, clams, shrimp, and crawfish. Come hungry.
5	I absolutely love this buffet. However the lines can be quite long and crazy at times.However the food is absolutely fantastic. The food is already proportioned out so that you know that your food hasn't been sitting out for the past few hours. I appreciate the fact that the crab legs are precut and that you can can ask the chef at the station to reheat your crab legs so that they are hot. But the real reason that I love to go.... The dessert station.
1	I had a 50th Birthday celebration for my mother in Las Vegas and planned a dinner for a total of 20 people, and this buffet was the one I chose. I had emailed the guest services and they had forwarded me to the City Wide Restaurant Group Sales. I was given a quote for my event, and even ordered a specialty cake through the baker. I was quoted for each adult attendee a price of $68.99, and per child $26.99. They gave me a maximum of two hours for my event of 20 people (children and elderly included), and anything over that time frame would be an additional $500 per half hour. I also ordered a specialty cake (pictures below) that cost me a total of $340.00. I also already knew that I would be charged gratuity for my large party which I was more than comfortable with as this is done anywhere you go with a large group. The actual price for an adult dinner is $53.99... RIPPED OFF and I didn't even know it until I saw the prices when I arrived.When I arrived to the location I checked in as advised, waited about ten minutes, and we were brought to our table. There was no line outside for regular check in which I was surprised about being that it was a Saturday night in Vegas. We were taken to our tables in the back of the restaurant and separated into two round tables. Had I known I was going to have to separate my party into two round tables, I would have never came here. They had plenty of long tables that they could have put together to have the entire party I was with sit together. There were also 4 other large tables in this area that were seated in our section. We were all seated and greeted by our one server and drink requests were taken. The first round of food has been completed and the plates on the tables have stacked up at this point, no waiter around refilling drinks and no place for anyone to get any more food without making the tables completely cluttered. I couldn't believe that they would stick ONE waiter for a large party like mine, let alone ONE waiter for the entire back area of SIX tables. It was frustrating that it was a mess, that my guests were unable to get refills when they were empty and I felt bad for the waiter mostly. Sitting around waiting for the tables to be cleaned and refills takes time out of my two hour window.Half way through dinner my brother decides to take my niece to the dessert section to check out all that they had and let me just begin by saying WOW. The cake I ordered was a SURPRISE, the staff knew this, the lady at the group sales knew this, all my guests knew this. My brother returns to ask me if I had seen the cake I ordered...my response was no. He told me that the cake is sitting out at the dessert section in plain view, and is GREEN!!!! I went over to check the cake out and indeed it was green and in plain view. Low and behold my mother walks up and sees the cake that was supposed to be a surprise. A complete disaster. I spoke with the Manager and told him I would not be paying for this cake as it is not what we agreed on. I spent 45 min dealing with this cake situation, as my guests are sitting and waiting for the cake to be brought out all in the 2 hour time frame we are allowed. The surprise was ruined, the cake was ruined, and the entire event at this point went to crap. When the cake finally came out, we were given a knife and the cake. We asked for plates and they gave us HOT plates. I then proceeded to the dessert section to gather cold plates myself, and the manager was upset that I had to do this myself. We cut our own cake and served our own cake as there was no assistance.Long story short, I was over charged per person $15 for an hour prior to the event that I was not told about, yet I could not stay an extra 30 min without being charged to accommodate the small children and elderly people in my party. My guests and I wasted 45 min of our time waiting on a cake that was a complete disaster. They decided to reimburse me for the cake and throw in 2 buffet passes for my next visit. Do they really think that I will ever return to this buffet, that my guests who spent hundreds of dollars to fly out and spend the weekend in Vegas will return to their buffet? This is a large company that should pride themselves on the service they provide, on the bakery they have and on the way they handle a situation that is brought to their attention.When I emailed regarding the overcharge, she simply stated that's what you pay when we have to hold your table prior to your arrival. When I asked her other questions she disregarded them and didn't answer. When I was finally able to get in touch with her manager, her response was "What do you feel is fair"? I decided to stop talking to this inconsiderate people, and write a review on Yelp to allow others to make an informed decision on their next party they decide to throw.
5	Baller. All you can eat crab, prime rib, oysters, everything. This place had it all, and quality.  Awesome asian station with real sushi,  dumplings, lamb chops (cooked medium rare) SO many options, your buffet line is literally a half a block long.Too much to even take in And for 50 bucks or whatever it was it was EXCELLENT. So impressed.
5	Very expensive for a buffet but worth every penny. It is the best buffet around. The service was amazing. Alvaro my waiter was so interesting and was very cultured. The food was amazing, even on a Monday night. However it was 110$ for 2 ppl.
5	It is indeed the best buffet in Las vagas.  I was on vacation here on November 2014.It is about $55 per person before tax. The selection is huge.  It is much better than Bellagio. Considering bellagio is only $40, I still think ceasar palace is better. How often do you come to Vegas?  Don't mind the extra $15. The BBQ pit is the best, they have lambs,  ribs,  skillets,  and ribeye.  For seafood,  they have king crabs,  and fresh oysters.  The Chinese food section was impressive too. I was a little disappointed about the sushi though,  But It is alright. While you are in vagas,  you gotta try this place.
4	Great buffet!  Great service... Until you pay your drink bill... The server who was nice hovered over my husbands shoulder making tipping extra awkward.  Little did she know she would've been treated to a cash tip.. Instead of the amount my husband rounds the check up too :(. We all live and learn...
1	I am in the huge minority with negative reviews so if I were going to Vegas and I saw my review I'd be like "Psssshhh, there are another 2500 positive reviews...so this person had a bad experience, whatevs that won't be me!" Read on dear reader.So to start, there was no line. We went at 5:30pm on a Thursday and just zipped right in. In fact, this was our first night/restaurant in Vegas and I was so excited to try this place out! The food was really good! The standout was definitely the lambchop and brisket. Yummmmm....Our waitress did not inform us what beverages came with the meal (we didn't ask) but I see on yelp that beer and wine are included with the price? And we did not get our picture taken when we entered. Big deal. Not the reason for the one star.The reason I'm giving Bacchanal one star is because by midnight I had come down with the rowdiest case of food poisoning I've ever had in my life. Yes, food poisoning, it's true!! For 2 days now I haven't been able to consume anything but water and crackers and been confined to my hotel room. I'm so sad. This was my anniversary trip with my hubs which I had been planning for months which has now been ruined. My conclusion is it was either the crab legs or the seafood that put me in this state because my husband is fine, but he didn't eat anything that came from the ocean. So, go to this buffet because I know you will, I'd be surprised if my review stopped you but think twice about eating anything that was living underwater. Also, I'm curious, did anyone else out there who ate at this buffet on 11/20/2014 for dinner get violently ill? Just wondering if it was just me...
1	Way overrated! Other than the raw oysters and stone crab everything is pretty salty and normal. Save the $63 and go to wicked!
5	My husband and I were in town for the marathon last weekend. We heard that we should try out a buffet while staying in Vegas so our search for the buffets began. The reviews for the Bacchanal Buffet were so good that this was our first buffet destination stop. We went on a Saturday morning which we didn't know that weekends are their champagne brunch. The price shook us a little with being round $47/pp but we decided with so many great reviews and being in Vegas on vacation we might as well splurge. Needless to say the money was well worth the trip! The food was of good quality, so many selections from sushi to various meat stations to seafood to desserts. The serving line for each station was extremely clean, the chefs were friendly, the mimosas were endless! Our server was efficient (always bringing us refills and clearing the table) and super friendly! We definitely recommend this place at least once!
5	The BEST buffet I have ever been too! And this is coming from someone who isn't a fan of buffets. There were so many assortments of foods from different cultures... Mexican, Asian, American, Italian, etc.... Oh and you must check out the seafood bar! Personally, my favorite area was the desserts! Their desserts were high quality compared to typical buffets. There was no way I was able to taste a little bit of everything. The service was amazing! Make sure to show your appreciation to the chefs and servers. They really deserve it!
5	Hey there  fellow yelpers! If you wish to have a great chow for buffet don't settle for cheap ! Make it your all hands down experience on your chow down challenge and go all out! Nom nom. Def one of my favs!
5	Best buffet in town for a reason- it's the best. Most buffets have a few great options, a few solid options, and a few filler options. Not the case at Bacchanal. Everything is stellar here. Price is high because quality is too. Best bet is to go late for weekday breakfast. 10:15 or 10:30 is a good time to get breakfast pricing (and their bfast options are amazing!), but still be able to stick around a bit for some of the lunch dishes if you pace yourself.Massive selection, from charcuterie and pizza to sushi and some of the best dim sum, fresh-squeezed bottled juices,  shrimp and Jonah crab claws, multiple types of Benedicts, and a whole host of Mexican and Chinese options. The dessert stand will blow your mind, too.
3	Was so excited to eat here but was very disappointed with their king crab legs because it was tooo salty... Couldnt eat as much as i thought due to the saltyness but their dessert, oysters, shrimps, tacos, and sliders were the only things that is worth going for. Chinese and japanese is just cheap quality stuff wouldnt really recommend.
5	I'm often not a fan of buffets.The idea of stuffing my body with as much food in ratio to the price I paid - the idea is appalling and quite disgusting. Chalk up to the mediocre if not downright abysmal quality of buffets in the Toronto area and that's the reason for my pessimistic appraisal of what a buffet is really all about.However, having been to The Bacchanal twice in one week - I can safely say that all my life, I have been going to the wrong buffet!Bacchanal blows every single buffet experience I have had out of the water!  The selection is gargantuan, ranging from fresh shellfish to Asian, to Mexican and the biggest dessert selection I have ever seen!While pricy, it is 100% worth the value and the money you pay.  After all,  the strip is America's playground if not one of the world's - when on vacation, you can't doubt yourself when spending money.  You can save yourself $1 by signing up for Total Rewards however.The first night for dinner, we arrived around 7:00pm and was promptly seated by 7:15pm.  Surprising as I've heard that it can be as long as a 2 hour wait!  For the next 3 hours, we stuffed ourselves with nothing but shucked oysters, crab claws and king crab legs.  We hardly tried the other items that were available.  Service was great, as our waters were continually refilled, as was the pop. We didn't have to ask for more!Our second visit was two days later for lunch at around 12:30pm, again, hardly a wait. If anything, this time the line moved even faster.  No king crab legs, so we got to trying everything else we missed last time!   I was surprise they had Vietnamese pho, and even Japanese ramen!  While not the best pho or ramen I ever had, it was a decent try given the environment.  It won't leave you disgusted, but the soup base for both will leave you satisfied - at least until the real thing!Notable items other than the aforementioned shellfishes to try are:- the chocolate mousse- crayfish, very spicy and sweet!- the cheeseboard items- the roasted duck in the Chinese food section- the fresh cerviche- the prime rib and lamb chopsBacchanal is truly an EPIC feast!
5	Loved the fact that you didn't have to stand in line the whole time to get into the buffet. There's a machine that you can reserve a table and they will text you when to come back to the line. The food selection was amazing there was everything from Mexican, Asian, American, and seafood. The dessert selection was broad too with gelato, flans, cookies etc. This buffet is on the pricey end but you get what you pay for.
4	YUMMMM. good galore- everywhere! It was my first time experiencing a Las Vegas buffet. They have food from every region of the globe, well almost. They are separated into different sections for easy navigation.I went for early lunch so the price was around $37 per person which was a good price but as we were leaving the line was super long so just plan accordingly cause it does get packed.They have a carving station which is great and crab and good seafood! I really enjoyed the paella there as well! The trick is not to fill up on carbs so you won't get to enjoy the other foods too since you would be too full.Would love to go back.
3	This buffet was okay, but personally I think the Wicked Spoon was a lot better.  We used the new virtual line system and put our names in at 4:30pm.  We had a party of 11 and were told to come back at 5:51pm to enter the main queue to get in.  We got into that line and ended up waiting until roughly 6:45 to actually get seated.  It was pretty ridiculous.  I would recommend going a little earlier if possible because the VIP members were getting a high priority holding up the regular queue.  Once we were seated, we got up and ate.  The first noticeable difference between the Bacchanal and the Wicked Spoon is that there is much more variety here than at the Wicket Spoon.  Although the quality of the food seemed significantly lower.  The food here wasn't very exciting, but they had a lot of the typical things you'd expect from different food ethnicities.   The food was just average, it wasn't as adventurous as the food you'd see at the Wicked Spoon buffet.TL;DRPros:-Virtual wait line might save you some time-Large Variety of Food-Seafood is pretty goodCons:-Seat time varies depending on the VIP members in line-Despite the variety, none of it is particularly memorable
3	If you can stomach the long wait the Bacchanal buffet is probably one of the best in Las Vegas!  They think their new ticketing system works well but to me and most other guests it's a complete clusterfuck!While we were standing in line my friend E.L. made an interesting observation.... she said (and I paraphrase her..) in 3rd world countries people wait in line for clean water and vaccines that could save their lives,... in North America we wait in line to stuff our faces with food!!!  Wow EL. what a revelation!  I never expected you to have the depth to make a comment like that!!!  Haha!  ok....  I could only stomach two average size plates.... 1 dinner plate and 1 dessert plate....  Maybe sitting there watching all these people gorging themselves took my appetite away...   I kind of remember this place being really good last time I came here...  this time not so much!  I think it will be a while before I come back to the Bacchanal Buffet again!
5	The best Buffet ever, every dish tasted great as if you are trying it at an authentic restaurant of the origin. You can try many dishes at the same time, wonderful tasting experience. Waiting line was good. Highly recommended from a guy who loves food.
1	So it's suppose to b "the best" buffet in Vegas? A waste of money and time.  To start off with, they have a fancy kiosk system where u register for d wait list.  the estimate we would get a texted would b 8:11 pm (2 hrs wait).  But what's s point of that when they texted us at 630pm, for us to get in line (incomplete party not permitted)...a waste of technology I must say.  Kiosk did its job, but d human who manage it should have some kind of a brain to make it work in our favor. Now onto the food,  they looked good, but the line to get food was ridiculously long.  It's a buffet for god's sake, who wants to stand in line 20-30 to get a piece of prime rib, n to make it to d seafood section that's another 20 mins.  By the time u get to ur table, the food would have been cold.  So we had to settled shorter lines which serve food that u would get for $20.  Again, bad management.  They could have done better to make d experience better for us. We paid $55 each...not worth it at all.  Never again.
5	BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS!Wicked Spoon ain't got nothing on Bacchanal. What I like is that B doesn't play. One of the first stations you see is the seafood. BAM! Piles-a-plenty of crab, shrimp, oysters, salmon, seabass 'n more. Work your way down from there and find all types of cuisines well-represented. I liked that they had a station of fresh juice, including horchata. Refreshing! Desserts had their own central "island" complete with varying fine patisserie-worthy delights and a gelato station. We had a late start to the day and caught a late lunch. Ended up paying lunch price for dinner stuffs. Life just doesn't get better than that.
1	It is out of expectation for all dishes with high price..and long line Yes, it has more international foods selection But it cost about $52.00 perI spent 2 hours and can not tasted all....The quality is poor .. It is not yummy at all..The brisket and sausages are overcooked..Even you can sitting in but has been with another long line for seafoods and prime rib line...It is not worth it for that $ and spent time the long line ..It was so disappointed !!!
5	Hands down the best buffet I've been to in Vegas. This place seemed to have everything! The seafood bar and the dessert station definitely stood out. Make sure your come with an empty stomach because you'll need to be rolled out like a barrel when you're finished. Start off slow with non-carb items (seafood bar was my first stop for Oysters, Oyster Shooters, Shrimp, Crab). Make your way over to a few pieces of sushi, BBQ rib tips and some shrimp dumplings. Take a little break and contemplate some veggies - the Bacchanal Buffet has a good selection of veggies and salads. Once you're done with the light stuff, prepare for fried dishes (this is where your stomach will start to feel the pain). Load up on more dumplings, egg rolls, noodles, pizza or whatever else you fancy - just be sure to only fill yourself to 100% capacity. At this point you may want to chill at your table and let the food settle. Enjoy some drinks and check to see if anyone has commented on your previously shared photos. You'll feel as there's no way you're going back again, but this is just your stomach battling your mind, don't let it win!Before checking out the dessert island (it's huge), you may want to do another round on the seafood bar. Oyster shooters will settle your stomach really nicely in preparation for dessert. Have a couple of those and curse the gods for not giving you a greater stomach capacity. Also, many use this time to take a potty break! You can go out of the buffet and come back in to do this - no questions asked. Now, for the grand finale you will show your friends the true power of mind over matter! Grab a fresh plate and wobble over to the crepe station. Don't be fooled by mini desserts and gelato in your path! Order a crepe of your preference - they will look like heaven on your plate. To complete the color spectrum, add a few strawberries or other assorted fruit on your plate. This will also make for a nice photo op. Struggle back to your table and unleash your inner photographer! Some may choose to order a cup of coffee to enjoy with their crepe - but to each his own. At this point you should be bursting at the seams but we're not quit done. Suck your gut in as much as possible so that you don't look like a hippo and walk slowly over to the mini desserts and gelato area. Grab as many as you like. I recommend the creme brulee, macaroons, pistachio gelato and chocolate mousse. With a second cup of coffee, painfully ingest as much as you can, and try to remember the flavors as the feeling of joy won't last too long now. When all is finished you will feel like the biggest pig in the world and will avoid eye contact with anyone you came with. Not to worry, a few hours of walking will wear off any feelings of shame. You'll even start walking normally without having to suck your gut in to not look like a pregnant woman (gender indifferent).
3	I'm not sure why people think this is the best buffet in Las Vegas.  It's definitely a good buffet, but not close to the best.  I'd rank the Wynn, Aria, and Bellagio buffets above this.Cost-wise, this buffet is pricey.  At over $50/person, it's ridiculous, especially with the crazy lineups.  They have a nice kiosk feature which is great, but still, if you don't plan ahead, you're looking to wait 1-2 hours just to eat.The worst part is, how the buffet is designed, it's always over capacity.  There's a lineup to get food, after you lineup to get in.  It's crazy.  People lineup to get the seafood items, which aren't very good.  The oysters are tasteless, the crab legs are small and salty, and they don't even have King Crab during the weekdays.For better value, stick with Aria, Bellagio, or the Wynn!  You get much better bang for your buck.
4	The food is really good. There's a lot of variety and the desserts are the best in Vegas. Everyone comes for the seafood (located closes to the entrance). They have a variety of Mexican, Chinese, American, and Italian foods.It is pretty pricy though. $50 per person for brunch on a Saturday. The lines tend to be long unless you're a Diamond or 7 Star member. Good thing about the price is that mimosas and champagne is included for brunch. The service is on and off. Some servers were great but others would rudely bump into you without apologizing. I suggest you not let them seat you in the way back where the bigger groups are. The layout sucks so either you're right next to the food or in the far back corner away from everything.
2	To be honest, I used to like this place. A year later it has lost its magic. Throngs of ravenous people that don't seem like they have been fed for a week, would elbow and body slam you as they swarm the seafood station. Asian people who are obvi not from the U.S. Will plow right into you and keep walking, not even blinking twice for spilling a plate of food on your shirt.The food quality has been lowered, although the ravenous mass doesn't seem to pick up on that. Shelling out $60 for lunch, i expected Bacchanal to delight my taste buds. Sadly the only taste left in my mouth is that of the foul Casino air.
5	I was really skeptical about this "Best buffet in Vegas," after all ... it's in Caesar's. I mean it's an older casino ... it's not shiny and cool and crafty like Wicked Spoon or City Center and it's too easy to get in and out of (ha!) so ... how can it be suddenly THE BEST BUFFET in Vegas?I was extremely impressed by Bacchanal and I only came here during a week day. I don't know how they might pull out all the stops on a weekend. That would just be insane. I love that all buffets in Vegas now portion control, so I could have several plates of very small things and try just about everything I *loved* my tiny tiny breakfast burrito and miniature sized belgian waffle because it allowed me to try out other goodies in their dim sum and hot foods section as well as the insane spread of desserts.The other thing I thought was amazing was that some things don't scale well. Like it's hard to make a tiny breakfast burrito and have it hold together but contain all of the flavors of one, or a delicious moist but perfectly crunchy on the outside belgian waffle in such a small package. They really have thoroughly thought through all of their foods and the variety is astonishing.All of the staff are extremely friendly, although I don't get the little rubber thing that they give you ... and I forgot to carry it with me at almost all times. I love that they had coffee and tea at the table so you don't have to ask for it forty times, and CREPE BAR. MADE TO ORDER.The end.Disclaimer is that I didn't pay for this place, I may have felt differently if I paid whatever the obscene cost was to dine here or someone I cared about paid. Totally worth it otherwise lol
2	The buffet is great but the wait time and the high price make it not worth going. I got a ticket and when I returned for my "estimated" seating time, I still had to wait an hour and a half. Not sure what they're using to estimate their times.
3	After viewing many Vegas buffet reviews and hearing about Bacchanal, I thought I'd give it a try. People have raved about this buffet, stating it is the best buffet in Vegas in not only in terms of food but decor. It all starts by having to input your information into a system so that you are in queue....to pay. That moment where you are called to pay can be between 30-60 minutes. Once that moment comes, you head into a different line and wait about 5-10 minutes. You then approach the cashier where you will then receive sticker shock. Why? Party of two for a Friday brunch? $115. Once you pay, you wait some more where someone will direct you to your table. Once there, your drink order is taken (mimosas are included for brunch) and you're free to roam the buffet. There are selections from Chinese (terrible), noodle station (really terrible), sushi (it's ok but not good), meat section (good), juice section (probably one of the best parts of the buffet), Western section (try the chicken and waffles), and seafood (try the shrimp, the crab is meh) and finally dessert island (not the greatest). I will admit, the decor is not bad but not great. The food...well if you read up to this, it's overrated. I'm not a fine dining food snob but I do know when food is overpriced. If you're looking for a buffet in Vegas, well...you're better off with eating at one of the many fine restaurants on the strip; however, if you must have the buffet experience, I guess it's worth a try. I just won't be returning.
1	I wasn't actually able to eat here, but I wanted to share my experience with their Kiosk "check in" system.  When you first sign in with their kiosk system (we checked in around 4:30PM), you get a ticket stating your wait time (mine was 154 minutes) and the time you should come back to the line to pay and get in (8:09PM for us).  We came back at 8PM to find out we have to wait another 2 hours in line to pay and get in.  I asked the staff what was the point of kiosk check in system, and he told me I am supposed to wait 154 minutes from 8:09PM according to my ticket.  huh? The restaurant closes at 10PM, so I am not sure how that would work...  We ended up going to Wicked Spoon (no line) and ate there promptly.  While we were eating, i got a text from Bacchanal (8:49PM) telling me I am almost at the front of the line and they will hold my spot for 15min.  Even if we weren't at another restaurant, I don't think I could trust their system to risk walking down there for another 30min to find out we have to wait another 2 hours or so.   If you HAVE to eat at Bacchanal, don't trust their ticket.  Just wait for the text and go there to demand your spot.  Hope you will have better luck.
1	Waste of time. Came here at 4 pm and didn't mind waiting for at least 1 hour...There was a 357 minutes wait. No need to calculate. That's like 6 hours of waiting haha So we grabbed the slip and went to eat something little somewhere else until our 357 minutes were up 45 minutes later, as we were about to bite a not so juicy burger, the system texted us that our table is ready! WTF man...We called and they said we can still come at 9:30 so whatever Then went there at 9:30 a HUGE line with all the ppl who were waiting with the same situation as ours lol I asked the lady working there and she said the line will take 45 minutes and in 45 min everyone will get into the buffet BUT at 10:00 they close the buffet and at 10:30 they take the food away!! So you tell me we wait from 9:30 till 45 minute later and get in MAYBE at 10:15 and by that time have only 15 minutes to grab food?! Ummmm no...Waste of time Manage your buffet better Stay open laterOr don't take people beyond limit and tell them they'll be able to come in n wait for hours when they can't even get in.
4	Definitely one of the higher quality buffet on the Strip.We came here for THanksgiving brunch so it was a little more expensive, but it was worth the money.Bacchanal offers a great selection of food. Oh yesh from turkey, bacon, ham, roast duck to seafood.I also like how they have those cold-pressed fresh juice in little jars. Very refreshing.I take off one star because the seafood tends to be saltier than it needs to, which is a bad sign that the seafood is not very fresh.
2	Bacchanal ReviFirst time I tried this buffet was about a year ago.  We were here for dinner and waited about an hour and a half to get seated which is not bad.  Food is above average.  You'll find diverse selection of food and the presentation on their desserts were quite good (like in Bellagio and Wynn).  That night I asked if they have any lamb and the gentleman told me they ran out. Food was good but nothing really stood out.This year we came back again to give my in-laws (visiting from another county) a Vegas Buffet experience.  It turned out to be a real disaster... and here's how it all went down:Thanksgiving weekend pricing... $60 for Total Rewards members & $64 for regular price.  If you want to be in front of the line, you can pay an extra $20 for each person.  We asked the lady at the podium and she told us to check-in through a computer kiosk in front to give us the time to come back.  Estimated wait time is 134 minutes and our check-in time was at 5:18 PM.  According to our ticket, we needed to return and check back in at 7:27 PM.  I even left my cell number to get notified on our return time.  More than 2 hours of waiting time... so instead of keeping your money in your pocket, this is their subtle way of luring you in to playing on the casino floor and spending more money.  Then we came back around 7:00 PM and there was a huge line (BTW I DID NOT even get a text message  reminder for our return time).  We were told that we have to stand in line and wait for another 1 hour and 30 mins.  That is just ridiculous!  Of course we ended up eating at a different place.  I just hope that the line is not like this everyday. On a lighter note, there's this one lady who I think is a Diamond or a 7 Stars member who was going around the line of people and telling everyone that she can take anyone to the front of the line as long as they pay her cash LOL.  Talk about making some dough in the casino to sustain their gambling addiction LMAO!Ratings:1 star for service (the way they handled the waiting time and lines)3 stars for the food (last year)Happy eating folks!
2	Very impressive interior decoration here.  The place is absolutely gorgeous, clean, modern, and stunning to the eyes.  However, the food leaves much to the imagination and the price is quite high for what you get.  If you're going to pay $50 for a meal, you might as well go to a five-star restaraunt and buy a steak.
5	Best buffet ive ever been too...period! Hope they keep the quality up.
4	The line is superrrr long.Here is what I dislike, first you are told to get a ticket from the kiosk, I wish I knew so I could come earlier to get it. There's 3 kiosk, two works, and out of the two, only one printed the paper out. I used the one without the printing, and registered on the one with the paper print out just in case. You're supposed to get a text even if you don't get a paper print out. GOOD LUCK getting a text.I even asked how long the regular wait is without the paper, she said 4-5 hours, and this was at 4:30pm. I figured my time at 8:13pm was not bad, so I was going to come back.My time for party of 3 was 8:13pm on black Friday. My dad came around 7:30ish and waited in line. I got there at 7:45pm because I read it's best to get there a bit earlier. I asked the lady where to go, she said I can't stand in line unless my time is up. WTF? My dad was in line so I stood in line and was hoping by the time we're up to the lady who is checking people's paper it would of been 8:13pm. It was 8pm and she was fine letting us in, phew! The line is super long, I even went up to the front and asked a guy who was paying how long he waited, and he said 1 hour from the start of the line. Luckily the line was moving, so after the lady checks you in, you still need to wait in line to pay. After paying, which is $208 bucks for 3 people, super expensive, we had to wait to be seated. I don't understand wasup with the various lines and how people can go there, no one explained anything to us. We waited an hour total from time we got to the buffet to getting our seats, so we finally got seated.The food was more emphasized on shell fish and chinese food. There was a bit of mexican/spanish, but that's about it. Other ethnic food were a light touch here and there. The dessert was ok, not mind blowing. I believe this is on par with Wicked Spoon, though I do like Wicked Spoon more. It was 2 hour wait on Thanksgiving day at around 7:20pm there. Food quality was good, but the wait is stupid. I even asked the cashier, what if I do not have the paper, she said regardless you need a paper to stand in line. If you don't you can't. I never got a text message, and good thing I waited in line with the paper. Make sure you have it otherwise you're waiting for nothing.
4	There was not a huge selection of food but the quality was definitely there! The food was not extraordinary delicious but good nonetheless.. The service was great. I would come back for more, if the price wasn't so high
4	Pros.. 1. Variety of food and they are good (fresh oyster, crab leg, very good dessert bar and many more!) 2. The service is good Cons..1. We had to wait 3 hours.. (After waiting 1 hr I got a text that the table is almost ready so we went to check in. After the check in we had to wait in the line for 1.5 hrs to pay for the buffet and another 30 mins to be seated) 2. $59.99 per person for dinner w/ total rewards card (it was a holiday rate but the guy said the regular price is only few dollars cheaper than this) 3. People can pay $15 extra to skip the line which makes non-express line ppl wait even longer
4	Its hard to eat light in Vegas. Believe it or not the buffets are some of the best options for eating light.  Lot's of sushi, veggie,s fish, shrimp.  You can go heavy on the sauce or none at all.  I think Bacchanal is a little over priced during lunch but in general buffets aren't my thing.  I'm in no hurry to go back but I would happily go there again if the people I was with wanted to.
5	Haven't gone to a vegas buffet for over 10 years.... Boasted from other yelpers to be the "Best buffet in Vegas"... So me and my family decided to start with the best.... Bacchanal buffet got me caught up really fast! Sitting at the table and munching away for three hours felt like a little fat kid in a candy shop! It was such an amazing feeling!Ticketing: Just get line, press on screen, input cell number to be texted when seating is available, and wait for the rsvp print out. First time seeing a self check-in kiosk for a buffet! Technology is one scary mother!Wait time: We came early around 1030am on Friday for brunch and got in after 10 minutes of waiting.Tip: Come early to avoid long lines to get in. You can also elect one person to stand in line for you.Service: Buffet staffers were intentive, friendly, and totally awesome. Our empty plates were taken away every time we left to get more food. Our mimosa glasses were never empty! Kudos buffet staffers!Food: Sooo much meat, soooo much crab legs, sooooo much OYSTERS, soooo much desserts to chooooose from! Pinch me.... is this a dream come true? Have I gone to meat and seafood heaven?? I think I had octuplet food babies that gave birth to other foood babies... Ughhhhhh.... the struggles are real!$50+ Gets you in! Worth every single penny, nickel, dime, quarter, one dollar, 5 dollar, 10 dollar, 20 dollar, 50 dollar, and 100 dollar bill! Won't be disappointed!
5	I have to say that this buffet and the wicked spoon (cosmo) are the two best buffets I have had in Vegas.  First- the line here holy crap!  This is not joke, plan ahead to wait and wait and wait.  Luckily you can check in then head back to your room until you get a text saying its time to wait in line (which will take at least another hour).  Its on the expensive side, but there are definitely more pricey ones out there.  I went for Sunday brunch, and the selection was outstanding!  This buffet is HUGE, I have never seen one so large.  Some of the items are outstanding while others are pretty bad.  The ethnic selection is great, but some of the foods are so BLAND it almost doesn't matter.  But for the price you really cant beat it when you get some good quality items.  The fresh boiled crab legs (not the ones at the seafood station) are a hidden gem that it seemed like not many people knew about.  The ramen station was really delicious as well.  They had fresh oysters but the line to get that was too long, sorry after waiting forever I was not interested in fighting people over oysters.  The crab claws were pretty horrible, probably the most disappointing thing I ate, they were still frozen, and full of water.  So disappointing!  They did have bottomless champagne and a bunch of fun juices to choose from.  The dessert bar was huge, I couldn't eat any more so I cant comment on the quality of the desserts, but they certainly look good.  5 stars for being the top buffet in vegas without higher prices!
3	I'd give this a 3.5 stars... Came here for lunch on a Monday afternoon. Took about 1 hour to get a text telling us our table was ready. It wasn't actually ready, we had to first pay, then wait in line for another 30 mins for a table to be ready. Once seated the server promptly took our drinks orders. We then went scavenging across the buffet. There is a huge assortment of food here. From Chinese, Japanese, Italian, Mexican, meat, seafood, to a basic salad. I tried out the crab legs as they seemed to be very popular. All the food I tried was excellent. My favorites were the mac n cheese, the lamb, and the cheese board. Dessert was a bit disappointing. The cookies and cakes didn't have great textures, but the ice cream variety was pretty impressive and delicious!Layout of the dining room is good. Never had to wait to get to the buffet. We ended up having 3 different servers, which was a bit weird, but they kept our drinks topped up the whole time.Overall I was quite impressed with the selection and quality of the food. I'll probably come back at some point, but I'll test out a few other restaurants on the strip first.
2	Whoever rated this place 4-5 stars must never had any decent buffet before!This place is overhyped and overpriced for being the "BEST buffet" in vegas!I came here for dinner at 3pmRaw oyster - tastelessKing crab legs - okCrab claws - tastelessPrime ribs - dry BBQ ribs - too salty, too toughLamb chop - undercookedSushi - One small tray for a $50+ buffet are you kidding? And the fish is drying than a mfChinese - maybe good enough to fool non-chinese food lover...but none looked good.What I did like :clam risottoice creamegg tart Funniest thing is they take a picture of you as you lined up with no interesting background and tried to sell you the printed picture for $20!?  Who the F in the marketing department thought of this deserved to get fired.  The TV ad for this buffet looks stupid as well, having a much of jazz dancers dancing to at the buffet..........that totally makes me want to come again!
5	Hands down the best buffet on the strip. Wicked Spoon is amazing, but Baccahanal blows even them out of the water. I can't imagine coming to Vegas again and not eating here.
4	We were not expecting to make it here because we have heard of the ridiculous wait. However, we came on a weekday for lunch and were seated right away. First impression was the place is huge. We were going to be seated at a corner somewhere but we asked for a closer table near the pools of the hotel. There are many options here. The Asian area has good dim sum and the best BBQ pork my husband has ever tried. The sushi was meh. The rice was too chewy but the fish was fresh. They have a nice area with different cheese and cold meats. The prosciutto and manchego cheese were my favorite. Next to this they also have baby mozzarella and cherry tomatoes with basil.  Look hard because you might miss them but you don't want to miss them. Their pasta area looked OK.  I only tried a seafood pasta dish served in a small dish pan and it was very tasty. As far as American food we tried the prime rib which was very well seasoned and melt in your mouth good, and the mac and cheese which had a Southern taste to it. The sliders were very good as well. I also had the paella and it was very scrumptious. They had a pork belly with lentils in a small bowl near the Mexican food area. It tasted like the Asian BBQ pork I mentioned before. The only Mexican dish I tried was the Chilaquiles. The sauce was bad. I can make better Chilaquiles from a can. True story. They have a juice section. The guava and hibiscus were my favorite. The dessert section, my favorite section, was generously stocked. If you don't like star anise don't try their 5-spice Chinese chocolate cake,  yuk! Everything else was divine. Their gelato a little on the watery sude but very tasty. The coconut flan was good and so was the creme brulee.Our tummies were happy here. We spent 2 hrs trying different foods and slowly enjoying them. Food is coming constantly so nothing tastes old.
5	If you visiting Vegas and you are hungry this is the perfect buffet for you! They have everything; I personally really liked the beef and the chicken. The selection of the meat is really great. Cooked and grilled very well. The dessert bar was awesome, I tried some fruit and cookies, in one word - WOW! The wait in line is really sucks but it's worth it. Go for it and you won't regret it, guaranteed :)
5	By far the best buffet in Vegas. Expect the wait to be at least an hour each time to get seated. Not cheap but good value for money. Prime rib is amazing, as are the crab legs. Plenty of choices. Seafood (mussels, crab, oysters), meat (prime rib, beef rib, pork rib, ham, turkey) Chinese, Japanese, cheese, salads, fruit and lots of desserts! Service is good too. I've been 3 times now and it's a must each time my husband and i go to Vegas
4	Bacchanal is a pretty good buffet. I was able to find a selection of different foods that I wanted to try, and most of them I enjoyed. I am not a huge fan of buffets because sometimes they don't have anything I feel like eating, or the quality is not that great.I've been to this buffet a few times, and I have not had a bad experience yet.It is a bit more expensive than other buffets in different properties, but I did not feel like I overpaid. I just wish the desserts were a little better.
5	MOST EXPENSIVE PHO I'VE EVER HADI love this buffet. It seriously kicks all them other buffets ass out of the water. Why?1. HOT crab legs! Others got them cold but here you can ask them to steam em up. 2. Huge variety of cuisine! Even the Asian food tastes good and not like Panda Express filler!  Mexican station is fancy and delicious too. 3. Delish dessert station! Everything is good here. I mean it. The gelato flavors are unique (habanero mango?!), the crepes are fresh, cookies and cupcakes baked perfectly and it goes on and on. Other places have one or two yummy items and rest is crap but not here!4. Home made PHO!  Best hangover cure - c'mon when you're in Vegas you know there's going to be some drunkies who will appreciate this one!5. No lines! You punch in your name and number and they will text you when you're table is ready! Genius! Go gamble or hit up the bar and waste more money hahaI love it here. It's pricey but worth every penny. When paying your $50+ bill just think- that's like one hand at black jack or a few shots at the club!
1	I used to love this buffet. My daughter and son-in-law had their wedding reception there when it first opened a couple years ago. But it is not the same place any more. I ate there the night before Thanksgiving. The food was either too salty or too sweet. Most of it, except for the salad veggies, was inedible. And the horrible duf duf music was too much. We asked the manager to please turn it down but he refused. He just simply didn't care.What was particularly shocking was the oversalted Asian food. Asian food does not need to be oversalted. I tried three desserts and all were so sweet I simply couldn't eat them. If you want an elegant dining experience with excellent food and a staff who cares find another buffet.
5	Buffets aren't usually my thing, and I initially balked at the $70 cost for two people, but it was WORTH IT. They aren't shooting for the lowest common denominator here, which means you can expect the chefs to take risks (and in our case, resulted in feelings of euphoria with every bite).Highlights included the perfectly juicy prime rib (cut upon order), beautifully acidic ceviche (a nice palate cleanser in between bites), everything in the Chinese section (especially the beef with Chinese broccoli; it's hard to find great authentic Chinese food, and I certainly didn't expect it here), and the molten lava cake (with luxuriously rich dark chocolate that was not sweet per se, but unmistakably indulgent).Oh, and Bacchanal's decor is clean and modern, but who cares, it's days later and I'm still in a reverie about the epic meal itself.
5	No lines! Glad we came early after the gift wrap up! This time I tried more Asian food and seafood... Also enjoyed the mimosas
1	I paid $175 for 2 adults and 5 year old during Thanksgiving, and it was just a mediocre meal for us. The seafood quality sucks: crab legs are too salty and not fresh, Dungeness crab has soft and low quality meat, sushi so mediocre. Worst rack of lamb I have ever had. Prime rib is tough and only comes in rare. Pho and desserts were the only good selections in this highly rated buffet. Will never eat a buffet again after this.
3	Don't believe all the hype. Yes, it is good but no better than Wicked Spoon, M or Wynn.  Ate here on Saturday for "brunch".The good:  NO LINE. Got right in with no wait at 10am. Food was all good quality and tasted tasted good. Memorable were the charcuterie selection of meats and cheeses (some fresh baked baguette would be good there).  Truffled scallop potatoes. Pizza and Asian selections were good. Eggs Benedict had no flavor at all. The less than good:  sorry guys, the dessert selection sucks. Lack of selection and all gelato was so weird nobody wanted to try - "beer shandy gelato", nah. NO PRIME RIB. Really? For brunch?  LAME. LAME. LAMEFor $50 LAME!!!!!They seated us right where the service staff stand and hawk over everyone. All we heard all meal were their Spanish conversations and them constantly glaring at us. Service was fast but uncomfortable.
2	Came around lunchtime and the wait wasn't too bad. $36/person. I was quite disappointed, though. When I try a new buffet, I like to scope out the selection, and what I saw wasn't very appetizing. Maybe it was the presentation, but I wasn't excited to eat here. I went to the meat department, and got a taste of everything, but that was pretty much all I had to eat. The lighting was dim, and the music was ridiculously loud. It felt like they were trying to be a club rather than a buffet. I'm pretty sure I won't be eating here again.
1	Overhyped and underwhelming. Food quality was sub par and it was expensive. A good place for $30 but not $55
4	Super good buffet! From the crispy and moist duck to smoked brisket (has the red ring), oyster shooters with cucumber water (very tasty), dim sum of Har gow and of course the crab legs that are sliced opened for you. Man, this place has everything for just about any type of eater. The quality is high and worth the price of this fantastic buffet. Now I know why some friends come here every time they visit las vegas. The only draw back was the okay server we had. Not that friendly but some others at the other tables were. Could have been an off day. Oh and save the appetite because the desserts was fantastic! The dark chocolate lollipop has a cake with a ganache, many flavors of gelatos such as mango habanero, mint green tea, etc etc etc. And all tasty. I guess also the prime rib was okay compared to the smoked brisket. Hard when my prime rib at family dinners beats this easily. Enjoy!
4	I actually really like it here. Rate it about 4.1 stars. One of two of my favorite buffets in Vegas in high class food and atmosphere but of course, pricy up the ying yang and that is why it's short of getting 5 stars to me but can't rate on Yelp that way...Love the variety of ethnic foods...my fave is the baby oysters with horseradish and cocktails sauce. I love the taste of their lamb chops! It's tender, juicy and not gamey..so good. They offer crab legs half cut to make it easier to take out. They have unshelled medium sz cocktail shrimp and ceviche shrimp, too. They have soups, sushi, salads, prime rib, pizza, sandwich stuff, etc. They have so many desserts like crepes; withadd banana and strawberries with nutela and of course, add ice cream is my fave. They have french macaroons and much much more. Been here how many times now but can never eat all as I always come out with food COMA. Burpppp.......I recommend coming here on an empty stomach to try and concur all of the food varieties. There is a line to wait to get in here as well to consider. It's strange to me they would try to photograph you after you pay? Best time to go here is during the weekday dinner for $3.00 off from weekend pricing. ;-)
1	Buyer BEWARE: I decided to have dinner there on Sunday night and had the most horrible experience at a strip hotel yet. I noticed that my bill was quite a bit higher than I was expecting to be charged... $10 higher!! I asked the agent "Chona" why it was more expensive this time since the last time I was there wasn't that long ago. Thinking that they might have broadened there selections or something to warrant an almost 20% increase I was rudely told that I was mistaken and told this has always been the price. Really!! So I asked the manager "Ira Greene to please educate his staff as to what is true and false about the pricing and what warrants this rate hike. He rudely argued with me stating that I was correct in the increase of price but continued to say that I shouldn't expect to pay the same price at all times. He had no answer for what warranted the increase other than different time different price. Sad!!! I'm assuming that from the other reviews I've read lately that the other difference that I'm paying more for is a reduction in quality and freshness.. I'll never go back to this establishment... Actually I'll never go back to any Caesars entertainment run facility. Now I can better see why they are in the predicament they're in!
4	I almost gave it a 5 because it is an amazing buffet, but if I'm going to pay $50 for a buffet it ought to be pretty awesome. I liked a lot of the smaller dishes like lentils with pork bell yams the oriental chicken wings. But I didn't care do much for the bigger things like the Prime Rib and the crab legs were snow crab not king crab. I liked the buffet at the Bellagio better.
5	By far, the best buffet in Vegas. I mean, I get overly giddy over buffets anyways but this one just straight surpassed all my buffet dreams. Arrive early, you will wait in monstrous line if you do not. Prepare to be overwhelmed. Find the seafood section when you first enter, followed by country fare, brunch/breakfast indulgences, and then more ethnic offerings like Mexican and Asian (not sure if it changes day to day). Find the floating isle/dessert section off the side. Highlights of the buffet were crawfish, fried chicken in a waffle cone, freshly made doughnuts, truffle mushroom soup, prime rib, stone crab legs, and passion fruit cheesecake. Be ready to hit your 4th or 5th plate, 1 or 2 platefuls not enough for you to sample of the appetizing offerings.As gluttonous as this sounds, this buffet was maybe the highlight of our trip. Nothing quite like a vast selection of food and never ending mimosa pours to satisfy a pair of fat sibs.
2	we were there at 2nd of Dec, After reception brought us to the table, we waited 8 minutes to have someone came to serve us.The food are extremely Salty. no matter Prime Rib, or Baby back rib, lamb chop, or ribs. ALL of them are salty, it is extremely salty. And on Asian food section, I would say the food quality are bad.They ONLY has Long crab leg, but no King Crab.good thing on here is they use larger Shrimps to be cocktail shrimp.During the meal, the server seldom  came to us to take away the dirty dishes.The conclusion is I will not come back, $50.99/person should not like that.1 stars are  for $50.99 another star for large cocktail shrimp.
3	As of now, this is by far my favorite buffet. From their king crab legs and fresh shrimps to their selection of Asian food and roasted meats, everything about this buffet is perfect. I came here for Thanksgiving dinner and just a word of advice to anyone who plans to eat here on a holiday: come early or else you won't be able to eat until 10 PM, or possibly even later.In terms of food and desserts and drinks, Bacchanal definitely has an exceptional selection, no doubt about that. I saw their macarons, cake pops, and doughnut gelato sandwiches and felt like I had died and gone to heaven. So why 3 stars and not the 5 stars that the chefs truly deserve? Well, while Bacchanal's food was amazing, their lines were inefficient and absolutely unfair. My family and I had obtained a ticket at ~2PM and were told to come back in 2.5 hours. At 4:30, we were asked to stand another 1.5 hours to pay and get seated. By 4:30, the wait time had gone from 2.5 hours to 5-6 hours, and it was then that people began to cheat the system and lined up in the VIP area to pay when they 1) were not a preferred member and 2) did not have the original tickets to begin with. The whole system was just ridiculous and no one from the management team seemed to notice, let alone do anything about it, so my family and I had to just stand and continue waiting as everyone cut their way inside the buffet.On top of that, our server was inattentive the entire time we were inside and ended up having to snatch the iced tea jugs from the server stands myself to refill my family's drinks. I understand that Thanksgiving day is a very busy day, but those are the days that establishments like Bacchanal make the most money, and those are the days that Caesar's needs their staff to be on their A game, not just to the parties of 15+ people. My parents usually tip our servers generously, but there was no excuse for the lousy service we had received that day, especially when that same server was so attentive to the tables surrounding ours. So while the food was some of the best I've ever had at a buffet, I would not come back unless they improved their management and quality of service.
1	Good food... Terrible service.. Cashier was rude when we were paying for the buffet.. And when we got to the table, our server didn't bother to ask us if we want to have some drinks til we were done with our 2nd round of plates.. Terrible service...
5	It may be very expensive ($40+ for dinner, I think?) but it's the best buffet I've tried. There's an endless amount of items and no matter how hungry I am I never really feel like I've gotten my money's worth. As with all buffets, some items are hit or miss. On less busy nights dishes sit out longer than others and become cold and hard.The meatballs were great, the lamb was good, ribs had a rub with a rub made from a great blend of spices.The yellow curry chicken and barbequed Asian meats were delicious. The sushi, as at all buffets, should be avoided.Desserts are always the main draw for me, and theirs doesn't disappoint. The chocolate lava cake actually had a liquid center. The Oreo mousse and pecan tart were excellent compared to typical buffet quality dishes. Gelato flavors are diverse. The strawberry cheesecake was my favorite out of the ones I've tried.Again, it's expensive and if you're looking for a quality meal you'd be better off going to a regular restaurant. But, if you're looking for variety and just want to stuff your face silly, this is the buffet to go to.Lines are always long, but they have a kiosk system where you can check in and they'll text you when it's time to come back. Although when you do line up, you still have to wait in line to pay and to be seated.4.5 Stars
5	Wow. That is all I can say. Wow.My family and I recently spent our Thanksgiving in Las Vegas since my cousins turned 21.. Of course, you have to celebrate in Las Vegas, for us Hawaii people it only makes sense at least.My other cousin told us that we have to eat at Bacchanal while we're here so we've decided to save this place for the day before we leave as our one last hurrah. Part of me wishes we came here first but the other part is glad we came here last. We got here around 430 pm on a weekday after being told that it shouldn't be too crowded and we'll beat the dinner rush. I'm so glad we came at that time because as we were dining, it slowly started to become more and more packed. We had a party of 9 so tip was already included to our bill so in total we payed about $50 each. Not too bad if you ask me, given the amount of food my family annihilated.The food... Oh goodness the food. The food there was so awesome that I can't even figure out where to begin for my review.. That's exactly how I felt when I was trying to figure out what dishes to start with! There was:sushi:Salmon NigiriMaguro Nigiri,Hamachi Nigiri,California Rolls,Specialty Rolls,dim sum:Char Siu baopork hash and other rollsmexican food, japanese food and korean food like kal bi, they even had a noodle station where you could make pho, ramen, saimin or udon. the pho was not bad.. after adding hoisin sauce it tasted a lot better. They have oysters, clams, jambalaya, and these cute chef specials where the food is served in these adorable little plates and pots. They even give you these silicon finger grips to grab the hot plates.. My mom and bestie, for some odd reason didn't feel like they needed those grips.. Oh how wrong they were.. I was standing there just watching them and then I hear, "Ow! Yeah, maybe we do need those grips"... If only they remembered that if they listened then they wouldn't have to learn the hard way...tsk tsk tsk..You have to see the meat section... There's an area where one guy is cutting all of these meats.. They have prime rib, ribs either beef or pork, brisket, chicken, lamb and sausages.. If I had a drool emoticon then I'd add about 10 of them.  They have a taco station and all of these assorted mexican foods, I'm not too familiar with mexican food but my mom and aunty attacked that section! The desserts... I saw on a previous picture on Yelp that there was a macaroon section.. so here I am with the thought that I'd get some macaroons... Unfortunately I was wrong.. I'm  sure they change up the selections every once in a while but that time I went... was just not my time.. but they did have a crepe station, yerm.. Petite tarts and cake pops, bread pudding, gelato bar and cookies and lava cakes. They even had a juice section.. You could get guava, pineapple, and these other juices and they are served in these cute little milk bottles. Of course, the guava and pineapple juice tasted like nothing compared to what's at home but hey, I knew what to expect. Service was excellent! Su was our main server and she was just the best! We told her that two of our cousins were celebrating a birthday and she was so sweet and came out with a dessert plate for them and had the other staff members come and sing happy birthday to them. I know that the next time I come back to LV, I'm going to try this buffet for their brunch and lunch and come back for dinner.. all on different days of course... or not?? dun dun dunnnnnnn!!!
5	Best buffet in vegas! foods is so good!!!! You won't be disappointed
2	I was very disappointed maybe I was expecting a lot after I read the reviews the crabs legs are  very small , and at the Italian station they only have boiled " small crabs legs "and one Italian dish .yes, the do have a variety of pizza and good section of Asian food  but it not worth the high price of $51.00 I have been in much better ,cheaper and more variety place
4	I've attempted multiple times to get into this place but the waits have always been two hours or more. If you need to wait that long to try this place, just go else where bc its good but not worth that much time standing around. This time it didn't have a wait and really easy to get inside. Plenty of food choices and you will find something you like. The food was very good overall.
4	We went on a Thursday night. There was no line and it was mostly empty inside. My wife loved the crab legs and they had rock crab claws. The prime rib was very bland. They did have many things to eat but nothing special. They did have a very exotic Asian fruit like lychee which was the first I've seen. The dessert selection was ok. I don't think I will go back as I've have similar at Paris and Wynn.
4	My personal highlights about Bacchanal:- Amazing seafood options: crab legs (cold or boiled), jumbo shrimp, ceviche and my absolute favorite - UNLIMITED half shelled oysters!! My goal was to eat 50 to recoup my cost but alas, I set myself up for failure...I only had 20...but no stomachache so that's a winner in my book!- The taco bar: NOT FOR TACOS! The best thing about the taco bar is that you can make your own FRESH NACHOS! None of the pre-made crappy nachos that has been under the heat lamp. Grab some chips, ask the chef for some freshly grilled meat (carne asada was my choice) and drizzle on toppings galore at their amazing condiments bar. Fresh guac and pico de gallo was allllllll over my tasty nachos. What I disliked about Bacchanal: - the price: $50+ for dinner, not including tax or tip (that puts you closer to $60+). There's a $15 price difference between lunch & dinner so definitely try to make the lunch-dinner transition if you can. I think dinner price starts around 3pm. Sucks that the price difference between weekday and weekend dinner is only a few bucks. - the extremely sad Japanese selection: ummm...pre-made sushi roll with mushy rice???? Not worth my stomach space. - Use your total rewards card for $1 off and you get points!- No wait for Monday night dinner. We got there around 4pm and the place was pretty empty..no lines at any of the station. Around 6pm-ish, the lines started to form at the seafood area and the carving area.
5	I usually stay clear of Asian buffet stations, since most places serve Panda Express style garbage. But to my surprise, Bacchanal's dishes are as real as they can get. No Orange Chicken or Chop Suey here. Instead, you'll find a great selection of dim sum, fresh sashimi, and even made-to-order noodles. Never in a million years, did I think I'd be enjoying congee and pho out in the middle of the desert. Buffets are a dime a dozen in Vegas, but what sets Bacchanal apart is the attention to detail they place on every dish. Nothing is prepared half assed.
4	Perhaps my favorite buffet since 2013.  It's got everything you need and surprisingly, their variety of asian food is quite delicious.  Every time I went it was for Sunday champagne buffet and they always had a nourishing soup available, whether it was ox tail, black chicken, ginseng chicken, or whatever, but it was soooo fulfilling after being hungover.  Aside from that, the seafood station is pretty standard yet good quality.  There's never a shortage of shrimp and crab and as I recall, I've seen oysters served at a certain point in time - just goes to show how they really rotate different items in and you can never really have the same thing each time you go back.  Overall, great variety, and good quality for the price.  I don't even need to go anywhere else knowing that I can count on Bacchanal to deliver a fine buffet meal with never ending champagne.  Also, they have the ticket system which eliminates the need to stand in line forever like the Wynn.  NO thanks.
3	~ $55 total including tax for one person on a Thursday evening. I loooove the selection of food here. I was not too happy about how salty a lot of the dishes were though, especially the seafood dishes. The oysters were fresh and sweet. They had stone crab claws that were not fresh and just tasted like... nothing... There is an area near the pizza and pasta (I know, weird that it's away from the seafood area) where you give the person a plate and theyll give you hot boiled snow crabs. The desserts were decadent. The molten lava cakes were a fail though, there was nothing oooozing out :( I actually went on 3 different occasions and it was like that every time. The gelato selection was bleh I went for the mochi icecream instead chocolate, green tea and mango.Oh they take a souvenir photo of your group before they seat you but it cost some money if you want to purchase the photo.
5	This buffet reigns supreme. It used to be Wynn and bellagio but this buffet is a game changer. Fresh, quality ingredients. Diverse selections. Creative dishes. Gluttony at its best. I don't remember how many times I've been here but it seems like it's almost tradition every time I'm in vegas. I do like that they changed the waiting system. Instead of making you stand in a 2 hour line, they give you a ticket and tell you to come back around a certain time.  Is it cheap? Definitely not. But the food is completely worth every penny. The staff here is always very nice and accommodating. Impeccable cleanliness. Words can't describe how awesome this place is.
5	This trip marked our 3rd visit to the Bacchanel buffet, and it was just as fabulous as I'd remembered!  We'd considered another buffet (as we only chose one while on our Vegas trips), but other high-end buffet reviews on Yelp cautioned, " it was okay, but we wish we'd eaten at Caesers!".  Why ruin a good thing, so we went again!  If you LOVE seafood, this is your place!  I continue to be impressed with their cold AND steamed crab leg options as well as the huge cocktail shrimp (I swear they were even bigger this time). I'm not much for dessert, but it's a no brainer here.  Don't miss the gelato!  This time we tried  Salted Mexican Vanilla Bean and Coffee with Nutella.  I can't help but be impressed by their imaginative concoctions.  I'll rave again about the impressive gourmet cheese assortment as well as homemade guacamole and delicious selection of authentic dumplings and buns in the Chinese section.  We'll never choose another buffett Bacchanel!  Yours faithfully, Kelly.
3	Buffets will always be buffets. But some of the items here were higher end.  The sliders here were really good, along with the individual mini sea bass plates. The meats were too salty. Desserts are more elaborate then other buffets. Overall, it was ok for me. The sushi offered wasn't that great. I ended up eating a lot of crab legs to make up for the $50/person cost. The free coffee/tea/juice touch is nice. Server was nice as well.  Get here early. We thought no one would be eating at 4:30pm, we were wrong. Still had to wait a good 15-20 mins.
2	I don't see what people are talking about. There's another buffet that serves food by the spoonful, and its wicked that one would even mention them in the same category.I liked the steamed crab legs and the fact that they offer real butter on the side was a plus. There was nothing else that really stood out. The sushi rolls were blah. Soups were salty. Mac and cheese lacked flavor. Baked chicken was undercooked and very pink inside.The oysters (Blue Point) were pathetic. What are they doing? Shucking them and putting the leanest ones out there? I looked that way compared to Blue Point oysters that we enjoyed at another hotel. Overall, the service was horrible. The excuse was that they were understaffed that day. We waited 15 minutes to get sodas, and never saw anyone offer a refill during our visit. Unacceptable. This is the world famous Caesar's Palace on the Las Vegas Strip. If they want to compete with some of the 5 star/diamond caliber places within walking (staggering) distance, they need to step it up. I might give them a second shot, but there is less than a 50% chance that I would even bother.
3	Look, it's a buffet, so there can't be too much to say about it. HOWEVER, the red velvet bread pudding was earth-shattering. Staff was great!
4	If buffets are your thing, then this is the place to go. Lot's of options, very fresh because of the massive volume of patrons. You will probably have to wait in line. A bit overpriced, but you can make up for it with crab legs alone
4	One of the best las vegas buffet as far as I remember.But one thing I definitely like about this buffet is that the food is made freshly. It wasn't sitting there for a long time and not premade. Everything is made right there..They have steamed crab  legs as well as cold crab legs. Oysters.. which u have to wait in line for. There's a crap load of dessert options, but they look better than they taste and was a disappointment. Pho was legit considering it's a buffet and tacos were made to order and tasted authentic. Their more gourmet food prepared in individual stainless mini pots tasted amazing: truffles mushroom polenta, squash ravioli, and more I can't remember..As far as service.. it's decent except that they seem less happy compared to other buffets i've been to.
5	Sun, Dec 7, 8:50pmtexts w/ my boyfriend:I've decided that I'm never coming home. I'm going to live here in the seafood section of the buffet, next to the drawn butter dispenser.-----------------------------------------------Where at?-----------------------------------------------Bacchanal inside of Cesar's Palace. I've had 4 plates of crab legs babe. I'm so happy
4	This is my Haiku review for the "Bacchanal Buffet" in Caesar's Palace.Extravagant foodReally bad Asian sectionOverall p good
5	My favorite buffet in the whole world! It's a must every time I'm in Las Vegas. They literally have EVERYTHING! My favorite are obviously the fresh raw oysters. I love their ginseng chicken soup! And the ribs, the crab legs, the baked potatoes, just everything is so good! Did I mentioned their dessert station is full of good sweets. From cute little cupcakes to macaroons. And the ice creams have some unique flavors. (orange beer, mango habanero, etc) My mouth gets all watery every time I think about that buffet! Awww!!!Now if you are buying the buffet pass for 24 hrs, you'll need to pay additional EACH time you dine here. ($15 for breakfast, $25 for lunch and $35 for dinner) After dining here, all other buffets are shit. My favorite used to be the buffet at the Wynn, not no more!
5	Three words: DOUGHNUT GELATO SANDWICH I had two. :)  The doughnuts are equivalent to large doughnut holes, and the Mexican Vanilla Bean Salted gelato was the perfect creamy compliment.  The strawberry balsamic and lemon basil gelato were also delicious and refreshing.Despite this, both my husband and I agreed that the Oreo mousse was the best thing in the entire buffet.What sets this buffet apart from others in Vegas is its Asian section.  Sure, everyone has a salad bar, an Italian section, a meat carving station, and seafood.  Bacchanal has six or seven different dumplings, Korean-style ribs, pad thai, sushi, and more.We arrived at 11:30 AM on a Saturday morning in December, and only had a ten-minute wait or so.  Price was ~$45.00, and includes champagne.
4	this is one of the most expensive buffets I've been to but for the reviews I figured it was worth it. honestly, I was a bit underwhelmed. if you are big into Asian food, then come here it was outstanding. the desserts were great as well. the warm crab legs also good. everything else was just okay
4	Bring your appetite if you decide to go to this buffet because everything here is good. I think this probably sets the bar for Las Vegas buffets. It also helps if you know someone with one of those gold reward cards or whatever if you go during a busy time like Thanksgiving. It turned a 7+ hour wait to just less than an hour. The check-in system is good though if you're less fortunate one. Just enter your phone number into the kiosk setup they have and they'll text you when your place in the line is almost there. I would've never thought I would say eating brisket at a buffet would taste good but it's even better than some restaurants that serve it. Just quit eating food if you aren't impressed with the big selection of food here.
4	This was my first Vegas buffet experience in many years, and I was not disappointed. We came on a Sunday around 12pm for brunch and there was only about a 5-10 minute wait. The cost was $45/person and included unlimited mimosas. Our server was really sweet and did a great job explaining where everything was located. I was overwhelmed with how many different food options there were, and I wanted to try everything if only my stomach space would allow it. I loved the meat and seafood sections the most. Steak, shrimp and crab are the three things I could probably eat everyday for the rest of my life, and they were plentiful at Bacchanal.  My favorite starch was the truffled scallop potatoes. I need to find myself the recipe because it was that good. In the dessert section, I tried the carrot cake which was good. The chocolate lava cake however was overcooked and burnt on the edges. You definitely can't go wrong with the gelato. I really liked the Nutella and strawberry balsamic flavors. The best part of dessert were the cupcakes. They had the perfect amount of sweetness and were super moist. Thanks Bacchanal for the food baby that appeared under my shirt. It was well worth it.
4	Ok so here's the thing. is it crazy expensive? absolutely. Is there a crazy amount of food? absolutely. Honnestly, I'm not sure if I go again but there's a good chance I will. The thing is, what you're paying for is the selection of tons of food to chose from. However, there's no possible way you're going to eat all of it so even though it's all you can eat, you only eat about maybe 50-60% of what is there (you preferences + your stomach space). That said, the food is really delicious and it's definitely not your average buffet. If you go to vegas, and feel like spending the money then I'd say go for it. I will probably go once and only once when I go back to vegas. It's not something you need to spend on more than once in one trip. Also, just like with everything in vegas, call ahead before you go there to figure out the price and don't trust the websites. Prices change depending on time of day and day of the week.
4	First off...wow. The variety here is ridiculous. Just when you turn the corner and expect nothing left but salad you are surprised with another ethnic spectrum of cuisine. The quality of everything is good but not fantastic. The effort of presentation is great though, however. Only reason that I gave this place 4 stars was because the price is ridiculous. $115 for two people? I mean the place is good...but not thaaaaaaaat good. All in all if you only get this place once in a while it's great to try. However, if you are here in Vegas all the time than this could get pricy.They give out meal tickets once it starts getting busy, which is really just a ticket that tells you what time you can get in line. In other words, come in the off season or prepare to wait.
5	Ok everyone was right.This place is freaking awesome!The VARIETY! WOW~! Totally worth for what I paid for!The seafood part was the best! The shrimp were jumbo size and fresh, including the juicy half shell oysters! Could't get enough of it!I love how they had Korean Kalbi, it was extremely tendered. The sushi was pretty good, and ginseng chicken soup was legit! Tasted like my grandmothers cooking! The macaroons...wow where do I start! The quality of those deserts were way better than some of the bakeries I've been to. I've tried the Ramen & the Udon and they were both pretty good as well.But the seafood man... that was the best thing at the buffet~
5	My favourite buffet on the strip! It is absolutely delicious and worth the price. So much variety in food and amazing quality. Wouldn't come to Vegas without missing on a meal here.
4	We don't "do" buffet very often, but while we were checking out the various casinos, we took the time to check out a few - and quickly determined this one is far and away the best of the bunch... but not twice as good as the half price competition next door behind the lake if you know what I mean.Fresh oysters in the desert? Why not, it's Ceasars. Snow crab legs, hot or chilled, plenty of each and conveniently cut in half for you.Smoked brisket, in house overnight, incredible and only one of 6 items in the carving station.So many choices, so little stomach real estate. The trick is to get just a bite of many things, if you fill your plate with your favorite, you'll be missing out on a hundred other items. Don't forget to save room for dessert, because those choices are equally enticing, including a gellato bar with a half dozen flavor choices.All said and done, we agreed it was the best of the genre, and I guess Ceasars knows it and charges for it. We actually were not going to go, but we won a couple hundred bucks in the casino, and decided it was "free", so what the heck. For a special night out, I highly recommend it. Everything was really good and nothing sits boiling on steam trays, which is what turns me off about buffet in general. Service is polite and professional.Downside - because of what it is, you might spend time in line waiting for your favorite offering. People are in constant motion, so the traffic next to your table is brisk. Soft drinks included, you'll get another bill on your table if you order something else. (Sparking water was $5)
4	Out of everything I ate here, my most favorite was this raspberry macaron with lychee ganache. Everything else - prime rib, crab legs, shrimp, etc. was nothing out of the ordinary of your regular buffet. I did like the assortment though as the dishes were more thought out (ie: the salad bar isn't just a bowl of leaves, but endive salad with shrimp or something like that). They also had a juice bar..the guava juice was delicious!Pricey - $58 for dinner buffet.
3	I rated this 4/5 stars back in April 2013.  The last time I was here was about year ago when I recall it was still good but the novelty had worn off.  My recent visit this week confirmed that I probably won't be coming back again in the future.  Although there was surprisingly no line at all at 7pm on a Wednesday night, inside the restaurant it feel crowded with the usual lines at the popular stations.In the past, I mainly came to Bacchanal for the seafood station and meat carving station.  During this visit, both of these stations were underwhelming.  The pickings were slim at the King Crab station, and the shrimp cocktail looked and tasted like the previously frozen variety of mediocre quality.   The brisket was much too fatty.  The ribs were not tender.  The tonkatsu ramen station was also previously a favorite.  Now, they do not use Japanese style slow cooked pork in the ramen but rather very common Chinese style char-siu.  The Italian station used to have small individual cast iron dishes (similar to Wicked Spoon) with tempting looking specialties.  Those small cute cast iron dishes are no longer used.  The desserts looked good but were mediocre too.  This was an altogether disappointing meal.  It's too bad that the quality of the best buffets in Vegas are outstanding when they are new but then go downhill after the first couple of years.  3 stars now would be generous, especially considering the $50+ price.
4	Love Bacchanals. I've eaten there plenty of times and each time its consistent, haven't disappointed me yet. Its a lil over priced but you pay for quality.  Nothing that the Bellagio buffet or Wicked Spoon couldn't provide. I would say the dessert buffet is the best part.  Crepes made to order, gelato ice cream and delicious Asian inspired flavors in their desserts...The part I don't like about Bacchanals is even though people aren't waiting for the carving station will wait in line just to wait, I suppose...oh well more for me to NOT wait in line for the other food. Service can be a lil on the slow side esp during their champagne brunch. Servers can sometimes take their time with refilling your champagne or mimosa. Other than that its a decent buffet and worth every dollar you spend esp if you love to eat.
5	Best buffet in town!!! I have tried many buffet in town. This one is a must to go!!! Great presentation, a lot of variety. Because I like sea food, so I prefect dinner here. Crab leg, oyster, shrimp cocktail, lobster soup...etc. Scallops potato and Kobe burger are must to try. Desert station is a food paradise! After my first visit, I never want to go to any other buffet in town.
4	They offer large selection of all kind of food.Food is good but it remains a buffet, it's not a 5 star restaurant.You can choice from pizza, pasta, sushi, seafood, meat, fish, vegetables, pretty much everything..For desert, they offer pastries, fruits, cakes.You end up being very full after this buffet.
2	Don't get tricked by the "We'll text you when your table is ready" text message sent to your cell phone on weekends. The quote from the front check-in lady, "Look at the line. There's NO way we can text you." So the rule goes - Use the kiosk to print the estimated wait time ticket to return later. You can't go in without the ticket. You can't go in when the time on your ticket hasn't got close/passed yet. We arrived around 4:30pm and got a ticket for 5:54pm on Sat. 12/20. We asked the check-in lady about our wait status around 6:00pm because we'd never received the text message as promised. The lady Vesna was very rude. She told us not to cut the line when we tried asking her the question. She just said to line up all the way in the back of the line regardless of whatever time was printed on our ticket. We then checked with another staff. He told us about the policy above.We printed another ticket from the kiosk at 6ish just to check on the wait time. It says the wait time is about 185 minutes = 3 hours. It means you can line up at 9:05pm and wait for another hour. Go early! ***** Food: 4 STARS!!!!!Fresh seafood - crab legs, shrimps, raw oysters, and various cooked mussels and clams. The sushi there is good too.I love the pistachio ice cream; you can taste real pistachio pieces in it.  The dessert presenation is pretty and elegant. The cake/pie/flan portion size is perfect for one so no leftover will be wasted. The reason for 1 star off is because the meat section was a bit weak. The lamb was too gamey for my sister-in-law, who usually loves lamb. The baby back ribs were dry. It's too bad the prime rib was not available during Sat. dinner hours. The only thing that was good is the beef brisket.
3	When I read that the Bacchanal Buffet was the best on the strip with many food options, I was really excited to try it.  However, I have to say that it is VERY OVERRATED.  We had to wait in line for half an hour (which I sort of expected).  They had lots of seafood (if you are into oysters and crab) and many slabs of meat.  If you aren't crazy about that type of seafood or meat, you will probably be disappointed.  Yes, they have many "worldly" dishes, but they are all generic food (pizza, pasta, generic sushi, dim sum and Chinese food).  They did have Pad Thai, which was a little more unique, but being from California, it's nothing really special.  They also didn't have very many vegetable dishes and their salad bar was disappointing.  On the bright side, they did have many desserts to choose from (including the fuzzy Chinese lychees).  However, they did not have my favorite tiramisu.Don't get me wrong, the food was good.  The lamb was tender and juicy.  It's just not amazing.  I've tasted better food at the buffets at  other casinos in Reno and Sacramento for half the price.  If the price wasn't so expensive ($50+ for dinner), I probably would have given it 4 stars, but it's really not worth the price.  If you are going to spend that much money anyways (and don't eat a whole lot of food), I would spend a little more, and walk a little farther to the Top of the World at The Stratosphere for a much better dining experience.
4	Love it! Only reason I dont give this buffet 5 stars is becaus alcohol is not included... At $55.00 per person for dinner on a Thursday you would think they offer AT LEAST one comped drink. Nonetheless, always a phenomenal selection of foods and it will definitely be a special place in my books ;)
5	Long ago, in a land known as Norrath, I was a level 60 half-elf assassin. Meanwhile, in the non-online world that is known as real life, I was a fat teenager.While I may have slayed the titan of a teen that I used to be, his soul lives on in my now chiseled body. Every once in a while, I let the elven assassin take over my body, and most recently, he did so at the Bacchanal Buffet.You ever been to Disneyworld's Epcot Center with all the countries? That's the buffet.- Mexicoland. Tacos, pozole, salsas, guacamole- Chinapan (Chinese and Japanese food are next to one another). Dim sum, stir fried dishes, hot and sour soup, sushi- Poseidonstan (not at Epcot). Crabs, shrimp, fish, more crabs, more shrimp- Italia. Pizza, pasta, charcuterie- 'Merica. Prime rib, barbecue, FreedomAnd then, off the boonies, lies Carblandia. Cheesecake, gelato, chocolate, caramel, sundaes, cupcakes, cake pops, tarts, and fruit.I, or should I say the elf, ate until it was impossible to consume another bite. I was literally in pain from the amount of food I consumed. I received a status message "You are too encumbered to move!"Yeah. I'm aware. And it's okay. Cause it's Vegas.
2	Not worth the $55 per person which we paid last night.  For kids under 10, it's half price, $35 I believe.  As some other reviews indicated, I concur that it's not worth waiting close to an hour which we did.  Supposedly, a text will be sent once you get a ticket (kind of like the fastpass system at Disneyland), but as the receptionist explained, everybody showed up with tickets a little earlier than they were supposed to, so she had "no time" to text people.  Of course, it might have been that we showed up around 6PM on the Saturday prior to Xmas.I'm not much of a seafood eater, so I was able to avoid another line waiting for seafood once I made it past the initial line to pay, and then the secondary line to wait to be seated.  However, even at the carved meats section, there was another line.  Just out of principle, I refused to stand in line, but my daughters and wife were kind enough to do so for me, while they were getting stuff they wanted to eat.So I ate from the Chinese/Asian section where there wasn't much waiting.  They did have ginger ale to drink, and the mango juice from the Mexican/Latino section was great.  The dessert section was awesome too, but that's really the only thing that impressed me.So if you basically only eat cooked land animals and like dessert, paying $55 is probably not worth it.  And as far as the "fastpass" system is concerned, I think everybody gets a ticket now, so it's not exactly like an advantage.
2	***Over Rated!****3 hour wait with high expectations., but were disappointed.  We have tried many vegas buffets and were expecting Bacchanal to hold its own like Wynn's buffet, but was more like MGM's, or maybe Rio's buffet.  $56.99 per person.  crab was big, but same size as elsewhere.  The carving station looked awesome, lamb chops were good, but the prime rib was tough. Noodle bar was okay...  We basically had a $32.99 buffet dinner for $56.99.  We will not be returning here.
1	Not worth the wait or the money plus horrible service. Don't bother upgrading with buffet of buffets pass either....the upgrade fee is per visit and they don't even inform you of that fact!!  Disappointing on all levels!
3	Came for the buffet on Saturday, 12/20/14. The staff here is extremely rude!!! We arrived around 4:30pm and printed a ticket that estimated our seating time for 6:13pm. The text message I received confirmed our estimated seating time and said that I would be receiving a text several minutes before seating. By 6:20pm, the gf and I were starving and decided to show up and ask about our seating. I asked one of the staff members (buff dude with no hair) where to check-in, and he had the worst attitude you could imagine.This guy sounded miserable. I'm sure he was just annoyed by people asking him questions, but isn't that his job? I mean he just stands there, so what else is he getting paid to do? He didn't even let me finish and replied, "just wait in that line" as he lazily pointed to the line to check in. His words trailed off, almost as if he had fallen asleep while talking to me. I wait in that line another hour before reaching Vesna. She was just as bad as the bald guy. I asked if there was a problem with seating since I never received a text message to return for seating. This was around 7:30 now - over an hour past our estimated seating time. She said, "Yeah, we're not sending text messages today." WHAAAT?! I got the first text message. Why the hell are you not sending the second? She said "We are busy. It's the holidays." It's supposed to be an automated system! Why are you telling people to wait for a text that never comes? This is ridiculous! Never an apology or an ounce of sympathy. She just said "everyone else is waiting too!" My point was that they should not be telling people to wait for a text if it wasn't going to come. Also, the estimated seating time just means you need to come back to wait longer. This defeats the purpose of having the automated system. It was a little past 8:30pm when we finally sat down. Yup. 4 hour wait.The only Reason I am leaving 3 stars is cause the food was good. Some of the meats were over-cooked and over-seasoned, but other than that, the selection was awesome and our server was great. He made sure our drinks were never empty. The "holiday dinner" seemed to be almost identical to their regular menu. It just cost a bit more. It was $56.99. If you include tax and tip, you're looking at over $70-something per person. They say you can skip the line for another $25, but really, you're just waiting in a shorter line (with all the people that pay extra).
4	My boyfriend, my parents and I went to the Bacchanal for Champagne Brunch this past Saturday and it was almost as good as when we went for Christmas two years ago. We arrived around 10:00 am and there was no wait and I'm actually glad we got there early because when we left around 11:30 there was a huge line and they were directing people to the kiosks where you sign up and come back at a later time (kind of like fast passes at Disney). The reason that I say "almost as good" is because the eggs benedict that I got was cold :(. However, I give them five stars for their  crab legs! I didn't know that you could ask them to steam them - so much better than ice cold, in my opinion. And they were delicious!! I like my crab legs with just lemon, none of that butter stuff - but if you want it, it's there. The prime rib was on point and the dim sum was good as well. I also really enjoyed their made to order crepes at the dessert station. I get mine with just nutella but they have all of the fruit toppings also. Our server Maria was awesome and constantly kept our mimosa glasses full. If you go, ask to be in her section - she will definitely take care of you. As total rewards members we paid $43.99 per person which is definitely pricey but we really enjoyed it.
5	Never disappoints! This is hands down the best buffet in Vegas. Yes it is pricey, but you get exactly what you pay for- the food is excellent & good quality. Huge variety, great desserts, large seating area. They have something similar to a "fast pass" at disneyland in the front of the buffet where you enter your name & amount of people in your party, then it will give you a return time. This is waaaay better than standing in line for 2 hours! Very efficient. Excellent experience. Had to roll myself out as usual.
4	Let me get this out of the way - I hate buffets.  I truly, truly hate buffets and the whole concept.  At the time I visited Bacchanal I was starving and my husband is a lover of buffets so there's a little bit of a conflict.  I was originally very weary of the price but we came on a day that was NOT the weekend so the prices were much MUCH cheaper.  We were seated quickly and the service was friendly.  There is a variety of foods (as it should be) and the food is changed frequently for the most part.  There were a few experiences where the food was cold but for the most part I enjoyed my experience.  This experience however, hasn't changed my mind about buffets in general, but if you are like me and can't stand buffets - this may be the one...and only one you may enjoy.
2	My family and I got here at 7:45 pm on Thursday.  When we were taken to our seats near the back next to a large wedding table party and a another large party table, we sat and I immediately left the table and went to get some meat and seafood.  The line to get both were unbelievable-10 to 15 minute waits each.  I couldn't believe it!!  You wait in line to get in now you have to wait that long just to get meat & seafood for food that is already prepared.  Maybe it was the customers in line because I saw tons of workers in the preparation area.  Also, the seating in the restaurant was super cramped with very few aisle ways to get around.  Seemed like Caesars does care about the people's experience once the get inside the restaurant.  I paid $50+ for this!!  Positives:  I will say there was only 1 or 2 people in line when getting the hot crab legs so the wait was minimal if not quite fast.  The crab legs were cut in half making it super easy to eat, but the legs were small though.  there were no lines/minimal people at the salad and Asian food area.  I rarely eat desserts but my wife said the desserts were excellent.  I will say the lady taking care of our table was super.  She did a great job keeping our table clear and was proactive in refilling our drinks and giving us warm towelettes, almost anticipating our every move.Having to stand in line for so long definitely impacted how I viewed the food.  I was alright.  Nothing special.  I guess people want to get their money's worth and skip everything but the seafood and carved meat.  I've seen good review about this place but based on my experience, my family and I will not be back.
4	Pretty good food, HUGE range of selection, comfortable ambiance, fabulous customer service, by far the best buffet we had in Vegas.
4	4 stars is a little bit generous. It really deserves between 3 and 4 stars. Came at around 11 am. Even 2 hours later there are still too many breakfast items being served. There are many different choices which warrant 4-star rating, but the food quality is just slightly above average. Sushi options are limited and very average. Asian items are not anything outstanding. Crab legs are definitely not king crabs, no more special than other buffets in Vegas. It is worthwhile to try it once, but not something I would look forward to in the future.
1	Well I never expected to give this buffet a bad review but my experience going to try it did not work out as I had hoped or expected.  It was a weeknight at 8:30pm when we got there with a party of three.  The line was long, just passed the first hostess stand.  I went to the kiosk to "put our name in" and it said to come back at 9pm.  We got in the line that wasn't moving and the host lady came through the line looking at everyone's ticket.  When she got to us she told us to get out of line and come back at 9pm.  That doesn't make sense because by the time we would pay it would have been at least 9pm.  AND the couple in front us had a ticket that said 8:55pm.  So she asked us to get out of line when the people in front of us has a ticket with a 5 minute difference but they were ok.  The lady was so rude, she was short, older, with short gray hair.  We were so disgusted by her rudeness that we left and didn't even eat there.  When you are asking people to pay almost $60 for a buffet you should at least treat them nicely.
3	WTF the line is hella long! Like I get it it's a kinda new buffet but srsly Wow! I like what they do with the machines so ppl can go look around instead of fucking standing for 3 hrs like the the bellagio but the staff in front is horrible we were in the front of the line and waited 30 minutes
1	No matter what time you come here you have to wait at least 3 hours...........but if you pay extra 25 dollars you only need to wait about a hour........ so weird , won't come back anymore........ by the way , the food are just so so too
4	The lines were crazy long. If you are a meat and seafood lover, this place is worth the money. Bottomless mimosa, crab legs, oysters, meats of all sorts, and on and on. All the food tasted great. Too bad they were out of macaroons. Overall, I highly recommend this place, especially during the weekend when they serve crab legs and oysters for lunch.
3	The different foods are hit or miss. I commend the asian section for its efforts - but the dim sum was sub par, and the char siu was decent. We expected more from the reviews and the price tag. We went for lunch, and even then, we felt we paid more than necessary for the rude service and unimpressive food. A lot of the presentation of the food is wonderful. The aisles are clean, most of it was fresh and hot. There are no spills or stickiness on the counter tops, and all the chefs pay close attention to these things. Our waitress came by maybe twice to refill our soda/water. The other waitresses were loud, talked among their coworkers rudely about customers, and we had to ask one where our waitress was, since we hadn't seen her in a while. The only exception to the customer service was the woman at the entrance of the buffet. She had a great attitude and was exceptionally kind to us. We tried almost everything on the buffet. The Mac & Cheese was nothing to write home about, though the Kobe sliders were great and were restocked multiple times during our hour visit. I quite liked the "American" section. The sweet potato pots were fantastic, and the veggies were well cooked and delicious. The salad bar, like any salad bar, had fresh ingredients and there was a large array to choose from. With the price tag, that's to be expected. The meats were cooked really well, though the prime rib could have been a bit better. There were made to order tacos and fajitas. I enjoyed these a lot, and the salsa & chips to go with it. They also included drinks that you wouldn't normally find out and about, such as fresh fruit juices squeezed into decorative plastic bottles. We tried the Watermelon and it was very good. Down the line, you'll find Italian eats. I was unimpressed with the selection there. There was a lasagna, and 3-4 other types of pasta. All of them were unfamiliar to me and most were spicy. The selection bummed me out quite a bit. I tried a spoon full of everything, and I'd say definitely pass on the Italian during lunch periods. The seafood was just seafood. Nothing horrible, nothing special. The desserts were where I was the happiest. There were some that were inconsistent with the sweetness and lacked any luster, but others were spot on. I really enjoyed this area of the buffet, particularly the cheesecake, brownies, fudge, and creme brule. The biggest wow factor is just the sheer amount of food available. Next to that, the presentation is quite pretty. I won't say that it's bad food. It just wasn't all that spectacular. The dining area is clean and quite large, so you don't feel cramped or stuffed in. The decor is simple and elegant, and strays away from the overly garish that gives Las Vegas its reputation. That being said, we went to other buffets in Vegas, such as the MGM, and I preferred the flavors there to hundreds of dishes that mostly miss. The Bacchanal puts on a hearty display, but falls short in key areas such as seafood and ethnic foods. We blamed it on coming during the lunch hour, presuming that had we chosen dinner, the foods would have been prepared with a lot more finesse.
5	Incredible selection, wonderful service, and all the food is well prepared and tastes great. Love this place!
2	UI came here last night and they had the holiday dinner which included King Crab Leg in the holiday menu. The main purpose I came here is to eat the King Crab Leg, I was very disappointed when I found there is NO such thing at the buffet. The people at Seafood section pointed us to Italian section for King Crab Leg, but the people at Italian section asked us to check with Seafood section. They were both handing out Snow Crab Legs, NOT KING CRAB LEGS. Sooo disappointed. If you don't have it, don't put it on your menu to trick people. LIE. If you want to try King Crab Legs, DO NOT come here. Moreover, if you like sushi, you will be disappointed as well. The rice was so dry. NOT GOOD.Positive side: Snow crab legs and Oysters are good and fresh. Meat is goodd. Desert are great and the fresh juice is good. Overall, I will NOT pay over $60 (with tax) to come eat here again. Specially the wait is so long,  it's NOT worth it.
1	Went for the holiday dinner for the first time at Bacchanal Buffet due to hearing all the hype.The ticket system says they'll reserve you a time to come back, and they'll text you. Minimum wait time was 2-3 hours when we went, but expect to wait for another hour in line once you've been texted.The advertised "King Crab" legs were simply snow crabs, which was much lower quality. Oysters ran out quick and a bunch of people were being sent back and forth between stations, a lot of guests were complaining to staff about this.The Mexican station had ice cold tacos and other soggy  plates, which no one bringing out fresh dishes.Sushi consisted of hard rice and stale tasting fish for the nigriri.I would advise all to stay away from the "Vietnamese Pho" and Udon, as both smelled extremely foul and toxic, similar to industrial chemicals. I didn't think either soup bases can turn out so bad.Not worth the $60 per person, very few items were edible, let alone "good".
5	One word-AMAZING. Endless food and yummy treats you can't get enough of. Should have started with the Asian entrees then worked my way to the Italian. They had make your own ramen and pasta station which both were just simply delicious.
5	I came here with 3 coworkers on a Saturday around 11am after a long night of drinking. There was no wait at all when we got there but the line was pretty long when we left around 1pm. Everything there was amazing and definitely worth $50/person. Everyone in our group enjoyed every bite of our food especially the desserts.To get your money worth you should definitely get the king crab legs and stone crab claws. You can either have it cold or have them warm it back up in the boiling water. I loved the stone crab.You must also get some prime ribs! There are also dim sum and sushi if you walk further down.I suggest that you try a little of everything since they are all amazing! You must save some space for dessert. You will not regret it!
4	For just under $60/person, it's worth it! Get here early though, or the waits gonna be at least an hour! I came here on Friday around 5 pm and my table of 4 was seated immediately. The juices in glass milk mugs are spot on and the seafood was the highlight. Had at least two plates of snow crab legs and there's another section where you get them hot too! Crab legs can already cracked open. Oysters and mussels were also fresh. Most other foods were hit or miss though. The sushi was sub par, pho was excellent, ramen was mediocre quality..so I recommend trying a little bit of everything. The variety was great and had wide selection.
4	Great food, great selection, awesome service.  Definitely worth the price and the wait.
1	Holiday pricing does not equal holiday menu! NONEXISTENT king crab legs left us paying $60/person for just snow crab legs. Bellagio had king crab for 75% of the price.There were definitely a lot less than 500 items at this buffet, unless they are counting soy sauce and other condiments as an "item." Buffet was a lot smaller than expected. The whole kiosk ticket thing makes your day revolve around the buffet. The later wait times were 400 minutes + and then you wait for another two hours to pay... And then another line to get seated...and more lines inside for food. We invested 7 hours total from start to finish.. Not worth it when you're on a time crunch or just not worth your sanity, period. Lots of people didn't even know about this ticket thing and it's not even mentioned on the website. That's very poor communication. I only knew about it because of my fellow yelpers. Heart!Food was hit or miss. The lamb chops were very well prepared, but the cod was dryer than brawny paper towels. Some of the dishes had been sitting under the light for so long, they hardened and dried out. The deserts were disappointing, although the gelato was decent.One time is enough.. And even that is a Rip off. I think Studio B is still one of the best value buffets. Alcohol included in the $15.99 weekday lunch buffet.
1	Getting straight to the point, today's meal at the prominent Bacchanal Buffet was absolutely terrible. 1. As you may have heard from previous reviews, the ticket that you receive upon reaching the restaurant does absolutely nothing for the wait time. The "text" that they were supposed to send to notify us of when we were supposed to be at the restaurant did not arrive and was a complete waste of time. Even though we arrived at the restaurant earlier than others to receive this ticket, those who received the ticket after us were somehow able to be seated before us, thus making the ticket very much useless. After being presented the ticket, the woman in front, as well as the ticket, very clearly stated that we were to come back at that specific time after receiving the text message to be seated. Fair enough. After wandering the streets of Las Vegas for almost 4 hours, which was apparently the wait time for the restaurant, we returned to the buffet, only to find the huge line awaiting us, not to mention that we never received any form of message from the business. Convinced that we were able to get in sooner because of the ticket, we asked the same lady in front and she just quickly pointed us to the back of the line and left. Still utterly confused, we asked around only to understand that the ticket was not a pass to be seated earlier, but just a piece of paper to show that we were eligible to get in, meaning that we still needed to wait in line to be seated. We then waited in the never-moving line for about 1.5-2 hours before finally being able to see the inside of the restaurant. It was around 9:30 or so and with still so many people behind us and the restaurant closing in about half an hour, we were at our limits. What should have been a relaxing dinner with family was rushed and uncomfortable for everyone. Technically, the time we spent waiting for the text, a thorough explanation, and the line was actually around 6 hours, which is a huge amount of time for the quality of food that was served there. Not satisfied at all. 2. After finally being seated half an hour before the advertised closing time, we immediately went to get food, filling our plates with as much as we could take, expecting the food to be absolutely delicious, but sadly we were once again very wrong. Throughout the meal, the food was at most mediocre and most likely able to be bought at any restaurant in our home town, making us instantly regret our decision to spend more than $200 on the place. A lot of the food tasted overcooked, burnt, and almost vomit-worthy. After barely eating anything and having spent a tremendous amount of money, we just left, with still many people left eating/unseated. I would have described the food there to be leftovers from a trashy restaurant if I did not know where it actually came from, though the argument still stands. It's overrated and the management for crowds sucks. Don't go here.
4	Good food, long wait. You have to give yourself at least 2 hours to stay in line. The crab legs were great but I thought the prime rib was so so. They have a great selection of food and desserts and everything I've tried was pretty good.
4	OH MAN OH MAN BACCHANAL BUFFET.I've been dreaming of this for awhile. We came for dinner at 1 pm but it was brunch and the wait would be two hours once you put it in the reservation machine. Perfect because dinner food starts at 3 anyway. Decided to go shopping got a call on our phone and literally ran to the buffet from Express. The only time I run.It was crowded. Holiday pricing was $63 per person. It was pricey but that is okay because we ate our money's worth and more.Everyone has a different idea of how to eat their money's worth in buffet food. Some ate a bite of everything. Some eat their worth in dessert. Me? King crab legs, oysters, shrimps every seafood imaginable. So that's the first thing we went for. Mussels good, clams not as good as mussels, salmon was delish, crab legs bomb.Then we went for the MEAT. The line was kind of long but that's okay cause we delegated tasks. I got in line while my friend went to grab things to eat in line. We ate a whole plate of food in line. No shame. Oysters were yummy better than the ones I had at palace station the night before. Salami yummm and cheese. The meat was all right. Too salty and over seasoned on the outside. I'm not a big fan of lamb. Turkey was okay. BEEF RIBS were my FAV. I heard tacos were good. Desserts hit or miss depending on what you like but there's so many you are bound to eat something you like. Some tips: Eat fast so you don't feel how full you are.Don't eat carby things like rice pasta bread you will get full too fast. Drink water to wash down everything.Go for your favorite thing first before you get too full to eat it. Take breaks you are allowed to be there for two hours but they probably won't notice if you're there for like four five. Happy feasting!!
1	The foods are suck. We expect a good quality food but it did not happen in this buffet. TAKE YOUR MONEY AND GO SOMEWHERE ELSE. If u want to eat crab with ice, then enjoy.
1	Hate your line system. Already paid but still a 40-50 min wait. Ridiculous. This is one of my favorite places to eat but the line is so hideous that I really hate you
3	Not worth the wait! Over 6 hour wait time. Lol. The food is really good, but it is taking longer to get seated. We checked in at 3:45pm on Friday and the estimated seating time was at 10:37pm. They close at 10pm!! The self check-in is useless. When they text you to come in, you still have to wait at least another hour just to pay and get seated. Dinner starts at 3pm. So check in 3-5 hours earlier in a Friday.
4	Good varieties on their dinner buffet. Kinda pricey compared to the other buffets but definitely one of the better ones on the strip
5	The best buffet I've been to (i've yet to try Bally's Sterling Brunch). I hate going to buffets and AYCE places. I always end up over eating to justify the cost. However, this buffet is something else. I wanted try this buffet since I had heard so many rave reviews about it. And it lived up to my expectations.Just like any other buffets on the strip Bacchanal has Asian, American, French and Seafood. The must tries are American (burger sliders are delicious), Seafood (crab legs), French (pastries for dessert) and you have to try their lamb chops. I think managed to eat 10 of those at this buffet. The seasoning on the lab chops is perfect. The final stop is the dessert bar. They probably have over 75 different varieties of desserts and fruits. Just try anything from here. Overall, I'll definitely be back to break my current record of lamb chops. You should't skip this. Best time to get in is on Weekday nights. Use the automated kiosks to save waiting time.
1	They kick ppls out of the line becoz we don't have enough ppls at the middle of the line. The servants have very bad attitude too.
4	The reservation system is great. They text you 15 minutes prior to availability and you wait in another line to pay but honestly very organized.  We went for Christmas brunch and I put my name down at 10 am, we were seated by 1045.  By 1230 there was a 7 hour wait. OUCH.  Go early.  Favorites was the crab and seafood and the sliced meats.  Soups were great.  Bad thing is the place is so big that hot food is barely warm by the time you sit down to eat it.  Service was amazing!  Like I said well organized.
4	Their mini-fingertip tongs to pinch and move hot plates is a cute idea.Bacchanal can be defined as:1. an occasion of wild and drunken revelry.2. a priest, worshiper, or follower of Bacchus, the Roman god of wine.3. one of the top voted Las Vegas buffetsIt all ties in nicely with the Caesar's Palace and Roman/Greek mythology theme. I haven't read much on ancient stories lately, other than watching reruns of the original Clash of the Titans movie. All I remember is that Zeus is a slut, Medusa is frightening, and that the magical, mechanical owl was the neatest sidekick before R2D2 was activated.While engaging in the usual cabbie chit chat, our driver mentioned that the two most popular Vegas buffets were Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon. I would have been content at visiting either, but going with the flow we ended up here. I do like that they use a Fastpass system, so that you can check in, pick up a ticket, leave, and return during your scheduled time window. You might still be in a line, but at least you're not standing around getting hangrier the entire wait time.Hours:Breakfast M-F 7:30a-11aChampagne Brunch Sat-Sun 8a-3pLunch Daily 11a-3pDinner Daily 3p-10pPrice range is $30-$50+ depending on the time of day and in consideration of holiday pricing.The available offerings are quite impressive. While I'm not too critical of buffets in general (since the kitchen's goal is to mass produce quickly) the Bacchanal menu raises the bar on the Vegas standard and does a nice job of serving up some tasty dishes. Not everyone has an extensive buffet menu that includes an international variety of comfort food, street snacks, and fancy fare; or an amazing dessert bar, with gelatos, macarons, and gluten-free options (oh my!), that can satisfy any sweet tooth. I wish I had more room in my tummy because I wasn't able to sample a bite of everything. Being a popular AYCE hotspot, the visitor traffic is a usually good sign of dishes being made freshly to keep their various stations stocked up.Service was efficient as expected. We didn't visit much with our waitress other than the initial drink order. Plates were cleared often and glasses refilled regularly.You can try to gameplan your meal, but once you see what's going on at the Bacchanal Buffet, you might lose your mind or have a temporary lapse of restraint and start piling your plate in a frenzy like when you chugged and triple-fisted drinks when it was last call. That's ok, it's your occasion and you're here to indulge.
2	First time I tried this buffet was about a year ago.  We were here for dinner and waited about an hour and a half to get seated which is not bad.  Food is above average.  You'll find diverse selection of food and the presentation on their desserts were quite good (like in Bellagio and Wynn).  That night I asked if they have any lamb and the gentleman told me they ran out. Food was good but nothing really stood out.This year we came back again to give my in-laws (visiting from another county) a Vegas Buffet experience.  It turned out to be a real disaster... and here's how it all went down:Thanksgiving weekend pricing... $60 for Total Rewards members & $64 for regular price.  If you want to be in front of the line, you can pay an extra $20 for each person.  We asked the lady at the podium and she told us to check-in through a computer kiosk in front to give us the time to come back.  Estimated wait time is 134 minutes and our check-in time was at 5:18 PM.  According to our ticket, we needed to return and check back in at 7:27 PM.  I even left my cell number to get notified on our return time.  More than 2 hours of waiting time... so instead of keeping your money in your pocket, this is their subtle way of luring you in to playing on the casino floor and spending more money.  Then we came back around 7:00 PM and there was a huge line (BTW I DID NOT even get a text message  reminder for our return time).  We were told that we have to stand in line and wait for another 1 hour and 30 mins.  That is just ridiculous!  Of course we ended up eating at a different place.  I just hope that the line is not like this everyday. On a lighter note, there's this one lady who I think is a Diamond or a 7 Stars member who was going around the line of people and telling everyone that she can take anyone to the front of the line as long as they pay her cash LOL.  Talk about making some dough in the casino to sustain their gambling addiction LMAO!Ratings:1 star for service (the way they handled the waiting time and lines)3 stars for the food (last year)Happy eating folks!
5	Note that I rarely give 5 stars.This buffet is more than amazing. The whole process from getting seated to the speed of table attention is impeccably efficient. More importantly, the food is extraordinary and the presentation (very important) is welcoming and appetizing. The cleanliness and flow of people is streamlined and it seems that management has thought of everything.I like the hot plate holder devices--you'll see what I mean. They give you 2 of them when you walk in and you're not sure what they are initially.The seafood area is amazing--stations always full and all the pieces look big/succulent. You can get your crab legs steamed by the employees behind the station and the butter dispenser at the end of the station looks dangerously good. The carved meats looked and tasted amazing. Every dish they presented on their counters made you want to try every little thing. Hopefully you have evolved to have more than 1 stomach. Moreover, service was fast/excellent--easy to drop that good tip at the end.It's basically $50/person. Worth it? 100%. This is hands-down the best Las Vegas buffet in the world. Yes, the most best Las Vegas buffet in the entire world.
5	This is the second time I've been to this place and dude, this place is beyond amazing. I woke up around 9:30 on the day after Christmas and headed to this restaurant to check out the line. There was no line!!!! My family n I got charged ($43.99 for holiday brunch) and seated 15 mins later and hands down to the best buffet in Vegas. They have great selections from breakfast, brunch and to seafood! The desert booth captured my heart with fresh crepes and other kind of sweets. Can't wait to come back the next time I visit Vegas!
1	The service, it's like omg, I checked in at 4:24 and the ticket said we can come back at 8:20, then I asked the server if we can just leave and come back, she said of course we can, so me and my girlfriend left to shop and came back at 8:30, I asked the server where do we check in, she said we have get wait in line which we take another two hours she said, what the fuck is the point of letting customers getting the ticket? Even the Canadian old couple was forced to get back in line, and same as many other people, sincerely, Cesar needs to change the procedure.
1	Waited 6 hours. Never got the text. Came in at 9:50pm. Said computer system doesn't work and too bad and you have one-half hour to eat. Horrible and what a waste of time.
4	This is one of the better buffets in Vegas.  The foods are better quality.   My favorite thing to eat here are the oysters and crab legs.  They have really fresh oysters and I like to dip it in the jabenero salsa from their salsa bar.  I also liked that they served their crab legs cold or hot.  Also if you are a meat eater, this buffet offers great selections lambs,  prime ribs and etc.  The only bad thing that I have to say is that if you are not a platinum reward members then the wait is really long.  Also be prepared to spend some money cause the price is pretty high for a Vegas buffet.
1	The food may be great but the service is the absolute worst. Don't know if it was because I went during the holiday season or not but I have never dealt with such an unprofessional business/management. The food is delicious but for the wait, price, and customer service combined is not worth the experience. The customer service itself is shit and do not expect to eat for at least 3+ hours with rude workers and irrational policies. Their 'policy' of the whole party having to be there in the entire duration of 3-4 hours of the line is bullshit.I came here once with a party of 4 about a year ago during the summer and the food was great but the wait was.. insanely long and not worth it.The second time I came with a party of 11, called twice to the front desk of Caesar's Palace AND got directed to the front desk of the Bacchanal Buffet to make sure that the whole party did not have to be there, and they both confirmed that it is completely fine.After waiting in the line for 1+ hours, the so called manager named Melissa comes up to us and rudely says that we may not stand in the line unless our whole party is here. Even after arguing with her, and questioning the existence of the policy, she rudely interrupted us every time to say there was nothing she could do about it. She was extremely rude and did not know how to apologize. Asked if I could talk to the head manager, she rudely cuts me off and claims that she IS the manager in a derogatory tone.Not only is this place not worth the wait, but it is also not worth losing your sanity.
4	Heard all about Caesars buffet and thought we'd give it a try for the first time and upgraded our buffet of buffet passes.  Wife and I made a beeline straight for the seafood and crab legs.  Steamed crab legs too!A little over an hour later and at risk of having to be carted off like award-winning oversized pumpkins, it's easy to see why this place gets rave reviews.  Friendly staff, fresh and often replenished food.  And did I mention the crab legs?  They also have gelato and an overall amazing dessert area.
5	There's not much else I can add or say that hasn't been said.I went to Vegas for 4 days, and paid $50 twice to go to this place - that's how good it is. It has gourmet food for EVERYONE - vegetarians and others alike.Don't bother with soda pop - get their fruit juices that are on the buffet line near the meat station. You will marvel at how amazing this place is. Quite simply, the greatest food I have *EVER* eaten, and the greatest dining experience ever - bar none.
2	Extreme long wait but you can pay extra $25 to cut in line. Else u need to get a number then come back at a given time and LINE UP for another 45 more minutes to pay and get in.  No kidding. Food was good but for some $50 was expensive.  I heard its the number 1 buffet in Vegas so at least i gave it a try.
4	This is probably one of the best buffets I have ever been to. It has a large variety of different dishes from different cuisines. It is quite pricey but the best time to come in is around 2:30pm and pay for the lunch price. I love how they display their dishes and plate each individual portions of food. If you are a seafood lover, make sure to stack your plate up with the steam crab legs! I wish I wasn't so full that I didn't get to try the prime rib but there will be next time! Definitely go on an empty stomach because you would want to try everything!
3	Too high of a price and wait. We came here for Christmas dinner. $190 for two people with express passes and we still has to wait about half an hour. With no express passes? The wait would be 644 minutes. I'm not exaggerating. They have a machine that calculates the wait time. The good part is that once you're inside, it's not crazy in there. The selection looks decent in appearance but when you taste it, you'll feel like it's a bit subpar. Nothing stands out here. The only two things I really liked was the lamb and suprisingly, the egg tart dessert. All else was just meh and I tried everything.People love this buffet but here's some hard advice that is just plain true. Unless you just want to stuff your fat face, just go somewhere else nice, you'll spend less or equal money for better quality food. If you must eat at a buffet, I actually liked the Village Seafood buffet in Rio much better.
5	Hands down the very best buffet ever.  We've been several times but this time i had the mussels which were so tender and perfectly cooked and sauced. The smoked salmon was great, the bacon crispy,  the steak tender, the veggies flavorful, the seafood and fruit actually fresh, the Chinese food really authentic!   So much food you can actually imagine you are at a Roman feast and you probably could stay and keep eating for 24 hours and not repeat a dish (if you got a new dish every 10 min). Wow, what decadence! My favorite was the little fried donuts (today they had it with bananas and syrup ) which i have never had so incredibly light crispy on the outside.  Unique dishes to please the jaded but with a healthy dose of your standard fare cooked well to please everyone else.  Those little silicone finger mitts they give you?  It is to reach for those hot small dishes.
1	I'll be honest. This was my FAVORITE buffet up until this past weekend. We got ready EXTRA early and got there at 10AM to our early check-in receipt from the machine. Our ticket said: APPROXIMATE CHECK IN TIME WILL BE 11:05AM and that we'd get a text a few minutes before... We never got a text and when we went up to the line, they made us stand in line ANYWAY. WHAT IS THE POINT OF THEM HAVING THAT DUMB MACHINE THERE IF WE HAVE TO WAIT IN LINE?? THEY SHOULD HAVE SPECIFIC INSTRUCTIONS saying EVEN IF YOU HAVE THIS TICKET YOU STILL HAVE TO WAIT IN LINE.  Our group was trying to be understanding and saying well it IS Christmas and they're extremely busy. THAT wasn't the part that pissed us off. We waited over 2 hours IN LINE (NOT counting the 1 hour we spent near by waiting for our TEXT that we never GOT) and when we got to the front of the line, we stopped moving up for over 30 minutes because they started letting this OTHER line ahead of us. I guess these people were the 7-star guests, or guests that paid extra. WHY WOULDNT YOU JUST DO A SEPARATE ENTRANCE FOR THESE PEOPLE INSTEAD OF SHOVING THEM IN FRONT OF US WHILE WE STAND THERE WATCHING THIS HAPPEN?? IS THAT YOUR WAY OF ADVERTISING - IF YOU WANT TO GET IN, THEN PAY EXTRA PER PERSON? ALSO there were some guests that started complaining and screaming so THEY were ALSO shoved in front of us. SO LET ME GET THIS STRAIGHT... PATIENT guests like US get punished and stuck in line, while SCREAMING guests get put in front of the line... WHAT AN AWESOME management system  you got there. We got so fed up and left to eat at Spago - which turned out to be better.  EVEN THOUGH this WAS my favorite buffet EVER, I probably won't go back since they have the worst management/customer service ever. I just felt bad because I was the only one that has been to this buffet out of our group and the whole trip, I hyped this place up SO much til we got there. In the end, my family never got to try this place and everyone left angry.
1	Understandably there is a wait for Christmas week but to have an "express" check-in service to wait in line 2 hours (and we still didn't get in) was crazy. We arrived at 10:45am and I checked in and the express ticket showed 11:08 am. I was happy until I found out we had to wait in another line. Still not mad but understood the wait would be long. After over an hour and a half wait to be told we need to wait another hour was ridiculous. And to see another line just keep being let in when I'm the the damn express line is crazy. This place is horribly managed and its sad because I heard so many good things. The person in front of me had a verbal brawl with the cashier and was barley let in cause he threw a couple f bombs. I mean is that how to get into this buffet? It's sad because I had such high hopes and this was supposed to be the highlight meal of the trip. This is not the way to treat paying hotel guests. We were next in line at the cashier after over 2 hours and still another hour wait (looked like 2 hours) because one line kept being let ahead of us for over an hour. No food is worth that. We walked over to another better managed restaurant and met some great locals and unexpectedly had a great meal. Maybe I'll try this place on a Monday morning after a big weekend and campout the night before for an express ticket to be told I'm next in line only to eat on Friday dinner.
4	place is still very busy!! arrive early for dinnerunfortunately from my recent vist some of the food quality has declined MAINLY the MEAT section the lamb chops tasted like shit the ribs tasted like salt on a bone!!! WTF everything else was good as i remembered but whats going on at that section!?!?they need to fire whoever is preparing/cooking that meat, im more angry that they are making meat that taste like crap and its being thrown out cause its not edible!!!!and they need more people clearing tables still slow and nearly non existent!still my go to buffet in LV doh.
4	Totally stuffed myself silly...Do come during off season, otherwise you might get 8 hour wait...Lines were crazy, and we lucked out with just 2 hour wait after we got our reservation time.First meal of the day, so I cleaned my plate on my first round and ate too fast that I had hard time after the meal so don't forget to pace yourself.Everything on the Asian food area was on point. Minus the pho bar... need improvement on the noodle consistency and offering sauces to make it spicy.Seafood was delicious with hot crab legs, shrimp cocktails, and stone crabs.I didn't bother too much with the meats, but from my friend's reaction, it was a bit dry, which is usually the case at buffets.Dessert bar was awesome, so make sure you leave room!  One more tip, make sure you use your total rewards card to get a discount per person on the buffet cost.
1	The reviews are on point in describing this buffet as one of the most exquisite on quality dishes, fresh ingredients, and overall great taste. My overall dissatisfaction was in how disrespected we were by the staff who would not empathize with us and other families with children. After 90 minutes we were repeatedly told we had a two hour limit. We explained that our 8 month old had to be changed and nursed during the meal and still, were harassed by one of the leads. My wife was not allowed to finish her dessert after spending one hour addressing the needs of our little ones. We are very upset given the advanced planning we made to get a reasonably dine time at the kiosk. The staff need greater training and might need a protocol to asses each family's circumstances prior to harassing guests. We felt discriminated, rushed, ridiculed by staff who stared and spoke about us from a short distance. Sadly this was also my birthday dinner.
5	Heard a lot of good things about this Caesar's Palace gem and decided to give it a go.  I came at 10:45am with my family on a Sunday.  We had to wait like 15-20 minutes, which was a lot less than I had expected.  There's a line further in dedicated to groups with parties 6 or more.  Our party of 7 was the third group in that line.  I felt bad for the snake like line that we bypassed.  If ever that's the case, I'd totally ask another group in line if they'd want to join groups. Whatever gets you in faster right? :DSince we went on Dec. 28, it was holiday pricing.  It costed $47 vs. the usual $42.  Service was awesome!  My mimosa glass was never empty for too long and our waitress was really sweet.  She didn't even complain when I wanted a different drink each time.  Their hot chocolate is amazing by the way and it comes with whipped cream (:The food was amazing!  They had a huge variety and the presentation of everything was immaculate!  Totally worth your money!  I actually enjoyed the cha siu ramen and pho.  Some buffets make asian soups too salty, but they made it alright here.  Here are a few of the things I had tried (don't judge how big of a fatty I am haha): Mussels, Crab Legs, Oysters, Shrimp Cocktail, Breakfast Burrito, Mac n Cheese, Red Velvet Pancakes, and Chicken & Waffles with Sweet Potato Fries, etc. Seafood was fresh and I loved almost everything I tried.  Dessert was awesome with the made to order crepe station and the gelato station.  I appreciate the scoops of the gelato are small, so that you can try a bunch of them haha.  I can rave on and on and I really enjoyed my experience. Definitely stop by if you're in the area (:
5	If you're going to do a buffet, you might as well do the best one there is in town. Bacchanal is the best, but it comes with a pretty hefty price tag and a usually long wait in line.All the stations are decent and I end up roaming around from food area to good area for far too long trying to narrow down my choices. I like to think of it as a little exercise before filling up on crab legs, steak and gelato.Be sure you factor in wait times before coming here. Obviously they are usually busier during weekends and holidays.
1	Are there negative stars? No? Well apparently I have to give 1 according to Yelp. Fine, but I'll have you know my experience today at Bacchanal's brunch charade was horrendous. I'll keep it simple by listing my complaints in bullet form so that you, Bacchanal, can try to improve from the below sea level rank I experienced today:1: at the door, no it wasn't a door, it was a bizarre self check in counter type thing. But I was really checking myself into a black hole you call your restaurant. Have you ever heard of reservations? Or maybe a numbering system that even my deli was able to figure out. 2: if I totaled the amount of time I got my ticket and waited in line, it was 3.5 hours. Do you know what could happen in 3.5 hours? I could've watched an entire football game or taken a plane to Dallas with some time to spare. Anyway, we were corralled in these never ending ropes like cattle. 3: the line got out of hand so we all started arguing where everyone was and the people with platinum passes who only had to wait 30 min got in before me. If someone has platinum passes, they should have a separate line or if they are in a party of 6 or more they should've been put into the 6+ line on the other side of the restaurant. Everyone was in the same line! The fault all started at the beginning and it got worse. The greeter didn't know how to handle the crowd. The organization was garbage. 4: the food was cold, the lines were long, and your food was sub par.Guys though, I'll be nice. I'm not a mean person. I'll compliment you in some way so you won't be entirely depressed:1: nice efficient service staff! Our waitress was very sweet.2: good food variety. I'm sorry Bacchanal, but rot in your grave, because I hope no one goes. You're dead to me.
5	I've been here so many times before for brunch and I never fully enjoyed it to it's extent but that all changed when when I went for dinner this past Monday night!Maybe it's because I've always been drunk or super hungover so I cant ever really stomach buffet food but I was sober this time and it was soooo gooooooood!!My boyfriends a Diamond status for Total Rewards so we got to skip the entire line & got seated right away which was definitely a PLUS because the line here is always SUPER long.. like 2+ hours wait long.In my opinion, buffets are ALWAYS better for dinner than brunch.  I don't want no scrambled eggs, bacon and sausage when I'm at a buffet... I want the GOOD STUFF. and thats exactly what I got when I went ;)$108 for 2 people for dinner.$80-$90 for 2 people for brunch on a weekend? that includes unlimited mimosas.If you're a Total Rewards member, use those points for a free meal! (;In the mood for some Chinese? Sushi? Pho? Prime rib? Mexican? Seafood? This place has it all! I consumed a lot of seafood here--salmon, tuna, & red snapper nigiri, sushi rolls, fresh oysters, crab legs, clams & mussels.  The quality of seafood is always a hit or a miss at buffets in my opinion, but the quality here was well worth the money.  Oysters were very fresh with no fishy smell/taste, the crab legs had decent amount of meat to them & the nigiri was fresh as well.  I also finally got to try the juices that come in cute little bottles.   I tried the Guava, Mango & Horchata. Mango was really good and I also liked the Horchata but I found it a bit too sweet for my taste.Nothing much to complain about here except I would stay away from the hot & sour soup and the prime rib as I found both of them to be extremely salty and unsatisfying.NOW FOR THE DESSERTS!Loved:+Chocolate covered strawberries--the chocolate one was sweet & salty.  +CREME BRULEE--such perfection.+Italian Cookie Gelato is probably the best flavor they offer.+Macarons are soft and sweet. Was not a big fan of the flavors they offer but they were still good.  I mean, what other buffet offers macarons at their dessert bar?!BASICALLY, if you're in Vegas, got time to kill & super starving. COME HERE.Truly the best buffet in Vegas, hands down.
3	Until recently I cannot even remember the last time I had gone to a Las Vegas buffet.  We chose Bacchanal at Caesar's Palace because at the time, it had great Yelp reviews and simply a reputation as being "the best" buffet in Vegas.  At over $60 per person, my expectations were pretty high. When we got to Bacchanal there was a huge line and we were told there would be a 3 hour wait!  I believe you may be able to put your name down  and walk around until your name is called.  However, there was no way I was going to hang out and wait at Caesar's for a few hours, especially when my family and I were starving.  I don't think I would wait 3 hours for any restaurant.  Turns out, we were able to get in right away since my mother-in-law is disabled and has problems standing.  Props for the manager for being so gracious about that. What surprised me most about Bacchanal was the atmosphere.  Because of it's reputation and price I was expecting something a bit more elegant.  A buffet though, is still a buffet, no matter how much you try to dress it up.  The large rooms with diners getting up and down and walking around to get food still reminded me of a school cafeteria.  The food is divided into stations from several nationalities:  Asian, Mexican, Italian, plus "American" (prime rib, Kobe sliders, fried foods, etc.), a seafood station. And of course the required dessert station.  My love of Asian food and Seafood prompted me to concentrate on the Asian station (sushi rolls, various Chinese dishes) and Seafood (crab legs, clams casino, crayfish).  Nothing was bad, but honestly, nothing stood out either.  Things I would not recommend:  the tacos (made with homemade tortillas) and the Kobe sliders (hard as a rock with no flavor).  There was a huge array of desserts. I sampled a few but I could not really point out anything that was truly scrumptious for me. I did not even really care for the gelato served.  Perhaps compared to other Vegas buffets this is first in class. I would prefer. spending a comparable amount of money on a restaurant that specializes in one type of cuisine and does it well.  I would also feel more comfortable dining in a bit of a more intimate setting, instead of the large cavernous rooms at Bacchanal. .
4	5+ stars for the food. 1 star for the 2+ hour long wait.  The time given to you on the ticket doesn't mean much.  It appears as long as you have a ticket you can stand in line.   The best crab legs at any buffet I have ever eaten.  Get the boiled crab legs at the station inside by the pizza and salad bar.  Tastes much better than the cold ones on ice (but the cold ones are pretty good too).  Sushi is above average but not great.  Prime rib (given medium rare unless you ask for well done) and lamb chops are great.  LInes at all food stations move fast (It's just the line to get in that takes forever).  Although $56/person for dinner (get the TR card), I think it is well worth it.  Fabulous dessert station so save some room.
3	So many frustrating things with this buffet. The stars are due to the service all together. Ticket/line - Supposedly, you come and get a ticket and then come back at your time to check in and pay. Sounds easy and painless? Think again. Our ticket for four said 2:01pm return time. We get a confirmation text. Cool. BUT we come back and I ask one of the workers where I go to check in and pay and she said...WAIT IN THIS LINE. The line was like wrapped that was about a 1-2 hour wait. I thought you just get a ticket a check in? Nope! I asked that lady what the point of the ticket was and she had no answer for me. She simply said it is not working. NO DUH! So we literally waited in line for another hour and 15 minutes. We got excited after paying but what happens next? Yet another line!! We had to wait another 15 minutes to get a table!!! We saw so many open tables but no one was cleaning it up. We all skipped lunch for this and were all starving unhappy people.SERVICE - We all got our table and grabbed our plates of food. Oh look! No utensils. So we ask our server for napkins and utensils. He brings back two napkins for a party of four with a pile of utensils and tosses it on the table and tends to another group. Umm thanks?? He gave me three forks and I nicely asked for a knife. He said "what do you want. We are out of everything". RUDE. FOOD - everything we had was good. Decent. Quality buffet food. Much better than their old one buffet. BUT the menu said they had waygu beef sliders. No where to be found.I have a bad taste now when it comes to this buffet. The staff was terrible. Lots of things were misleading. Thumbs down Caesar's Palace!
5	Best buffet  I've ever had in my life. If you're looking for a great buffet in Vegas, this is it. Everyone we met recommended this place. The wait was crazy but it was well worth it.
3	We've returned two years later, and I wasn't as WOWed. First of all, their texting waiting system? They don't tell you that it takes another hour PAST the waiting time printed on your ticket for you to be seated. My ticket time said "742pm", which was literally 5 hours later, but we figured it was still fine and gave us time to still get ready before going out. I get my text around 730 saying to head over to the podium. We get there, and are told to stand in the line just to pay. From the time we stood in line to the time we got seated, it was another extra hour. I feel like they should tell you this on the printed ticket, because it falsely makes you believe that you'll get in at a certain time. I was pretty annoyed by the time we sat.The goods:Crab legs- they have them hot and cold, and if you ask the guy behind the table, he'll hand pick some good legs for youNachos- love the nachos in the small saucerBaked potato- like the small size with cheese, bacon, and sour creamMushroom truffle soup- pretty good flavor. One of the better soups I've had at a buffetDessert crepe- you tell them what you want inside for the sauce, and top it with fruit and whipped cream. DelishThe bads:Asian food- yes, they have a large selection, but it's not good quality or that tasty. Their har gow was super mushy and not goodItalian- total lack of italian food. Their pizza is lackluster and the only pasta they had was gemelli. Super mushy and overcooked Crab ravioli- not good. Smelled fishy and the insides were so gross, I actually spit it outPrime rib- I didn't have any, but hubby and his cousin said it was tough and didn't taste good, and the cut was too smallI also was looking forward to some sweet potato tots and there were NONE! Very disappointed. I don't remember bacchanal being like this when I went when they first opened, I feel like the quality has gone down. The wait all afternoon and night was not worth it, and if the wait was ever this long again, I wouldn't do it. I'd rather go to Wynn or Wicked Spoon.
3	I am not a buffet person, thought I'd get that out of the way. In 2013 I tried the brunch @ Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan and my mind was changed dramatically. My friends said that Bacchanal was the best in Vegas. Since my mind was more open, I figure?...lets do it! First of all...don't come here hungry. We rolled up, put our name down and printed out a ticket that said when we should come back and that we'd receive a text to confirm that as well. With the terrible reception in the casino/shopping area, we received that text a lot later than expected. We were in line forever...waiting and waiting...that we missed the cutoff time for lunch. We were the transition time between lunch and dinner and unfortunately had to pay the DINNER price...and since it was the weekend before Christmas, we paid the HOLIDAY pricing which was about $62 with taxes. AHhhh....i better eat my ass off. But that's why I hate buffets, I'm not prepared to eat more than I actually am capable of.  We complained about the pricing, but they couldn't do anything about it.Once you get through the paying line, you have to fall in OTHER lines. I'm over the lines and waiting by this point.Finally... we're in, seated right next to the desserts. I left a note for the waiter that said "4 Waters please"....haha...sorry, I had to go eat something. We pigged out at the American/Carving Station area...picked up french fries, fresh juice, prime rib, ribs, brisket, mac n cheese...it was endless. AHh don't forget the pork belly. Most of this was absolutely delicious...ended up being worth the wait, KIND OF. I walked even further down the buffet, they have Chinese Food, Italian, Seafood, whoa. After that first plate, I was dying. When I landed dessert, I had an amazing fresh nutella crepe and some french macarons (people crowded like vultures once it was put out). So I just hate the pricing and the wait, but the food is actually good here. I don't suggest coming here in large groups, you'll just be waiting even longer, just saying.
5	I still give this place five stars even though I came out of it hating myself for allowing myself to gorge. I swore I would not touch food for 10 days (ate breakfast the next morning...) and having to recline at a 45 degree angle after eating because sitting upright would be too painful.But was it worth it? My God Yes. If you go to Vegas, you have to do it right. Eating like there's no tomorrow is one of them. The food here is TOP NOTCH quality for buffet food (except the sushi -- skip that). The desserts were heavenly, and I loved that the seafood was already cracked open for you -- at least the king crab legs are. If you like meat, you will be stoked by the meat section where you can get ribs and succulent cuts of anything imaginable. They also have an Asian, Cheese, Udon, Sushi, Mexican, and seafood section (obviously).Yes, the wait is extremely long. You'll have to line up for 2-3 hours for lunch alone, but I think the experience was top notch. Yes, it's very pricey ($50 a person) but imagine dining out an ordering all of these things separately! It'd be much more than that, so I definitely think the entire experience was worth it -- both the money and time. The quality is unparalleled and you'll think it's worth it, especially if you're a sweet tooth like me!
1	This review is based on my experience of the current visit of the buffet; not the food, since I just did not get a chance to enjoy it.Anyway, their waiting system is just pain in the a--.  For those of you who are first timer to the buffet, you need to get a ticket from their kiosk instead of waiting in line like other buffet.  Then you need to go back with your ticket with printed time and wait in line again.  Yes, you need to wait in line again.  Plus. for those people who paid for the EXPRESS LINE will seated sooner than who don't.My wrap up conslusion to Bacchanal Buffet is: "Waiting, waiting, and more waiting."To Bacchanal Buffet, I suggest you to change your waiting system back to the traditional way.  Plus, get rid of the EXPRESS LINE, so everyone will be treated equally.  First come first serve.
1	Horrible and dishonest service! I atehere before and decided to comeback.The wait time to get seated was 2 hours. After giving my cell phone I was texted confirmation with the expected seating time, 130 min later. When I finally showed up, I was told to wait in the line for another 1hour. Seriously!After speaking to the manager, it becameapparent that this is just how it is, and theymake it a policy. If you are not from the US and this is the first time you are going to all you can eat buffet, I suppose any wait is fine. For the rest if us, service is also important. Horrible-will not go back.
5	Best buffet I've ever had. Possibly even the best food. Such a hip place with a modern twist on the look and feel, the whole place looks like a home and garden magazine. They even have chandeliers made out of drinking glasses! The food is immaculent(word of the day)! And all of their selections from the street taco bar to asian fusion has a flavor that is so fantastic, it's unforgetable, indescribable. My favorite part was the selection of juices and other drinks like horchata by the asian cuisine and also the different choices of mini sliders. You won't regret coming here and neither would your stomach.
4	Amazing selection of high quality foods. Four hour wait which was tough. Save yourself time by going to the kiosk 3-4 hrs before the actual time you want to eat there. Bill was $128 for two ppl at dinner which was rough. Worth the experience. Food is unparalleled but will likely get a similar dining experience de at the bellagio and wynn.
4	My husband and I have been wanting to try Bacchanal for quite some time now to see how it compares to some of the other top notch Vegas buffets such as Wynn and Aria. So we ate here for breakfast during are recent trip. It is pricey ($48 per person for breakfast), and for that amount, you expect high quality. That is exactly what we found.The interior is beautifully decorated with modern glass fixtures and clean lines. Seating is spaced out in many different areas, as it is a very large buffet. You can find a variety of foods to choose from such as Asian, Mexican, American, Italian... all offering their finest breakfast staples. Everything was extremely fresh and tasty. My favorite station was the homemade desserts, which offered things like crepes made to order, gelato made on site, and lots of other tasty treats.Overall, I enjoyed my visit. However, I still feel like Aria is numero uno, and just a bit less expensive, so I would rather spend my money on breakfast, lunch, or dinner there.
4	So beware.  Super crazy getting in here for lunch or dinner during the holidays.  Maybe other times too but we tried for lunch and wait was 5 hours.  But if you come early (say before 10 am) you can get in at a reasonable time.  Brunch buffet was a nice spread that included sparkling wine.   Omelettes, lots of shellfish, chicken dishes, potato, mini pancakes and waffles, sushi, and much much more.  Of course there are deserts and sweet rolls.  Main thing lacking was decent bread.  Found croissants and some other ones but no rolls anywhere.  Good overall was pretty good and fresh.  Waitresses did a great job keeping the glasses and cups full and tables clear.  Worth a try but not worth a long wait in my opinion.
5	My husband and I ate there on December 30th and at first I was taken aback by the ticketing system because it said our wait time was 287 minutes. That is right 287 minutes, which is a little more than 4.5 hours. You input you mobile phone number and it  they will text you when it is time for you to come back to pay and get in line to eat.  Since we had time to waste we got us an appetizer from Cheesecake Factory and then went to the miracle mile shops to look around. At 4:30 they text us to get back in and pay, we got back their around 5 pm checked in, got in line and paid. We sat down to eat around 5:55. Now to the food, it was great.  They had, seafood, Asian food, Mexican food and pizza and dessert stations. I loved that they had a separate station with the hot crab legs, so I didn't have to wait. The desserts where delicious. I hate buffets but this one is one that I would be happy to go to again.
4	I had the opportunity to come to Bacchanal back in 2013 and didn't realize they had an express lane on my recent visit!!!  Had I known, I seriously would have paid that extra $15. The lady at the front who manned the lines (on December 30 @ around 3 pm) was insanely rude this time and extremely dismissive.  Had she told me about the excess surcharge, I would have gladly gave it.  Instead, she was too busy telling me how other people have lined up for hours on end and that I'd have to come back 8 hours later.  Rude rude rude and obviously really hating her job. Back when I went in 2013, I didn't remember electronic machines - now there are electronic machines that tell you wait times.  In terms of variety of food, there is definitely a HUGE variety from kobe beef sliders to rack of lamb to prime rib.  It's seriously is good.  The desserts are also of great quality too. On my recent visit, I went to Bellagio's Buffet out of desperation...DON'T FALL INTO THAT TRAP and DON'T DO IT.  (We were on a tight schedule).  If you've got time to wait, wait it out with Bacchanal because it's seriously worth it. Honestly, I don't know how Bellagio was known as a "legendary buffet" back in the day because they are like...1/10th of Bacchanal's size.  Go to Bacchanal..it's well worth it!!!
2	I would have gone with 1 star, but I think my expectations were so high, that 1 might be a bit harsh. Bellagio was way better. Aria which I stopped in unplanned was way better. So what was so bad?- $62 per person dinner (had it been great, no problem- the wait - sushi was like $10 Chinese buffet quality (actually all the food was)- oysters had no flavor. So disappointing. I could have been happy if just these were decent- desserts were just sweet, no flavor- had to ask for refills -ran out of all Asian soups-ran out of some sushi-pizza was like frozen pizza that they threw in a brick ovenAll the food was just like Golden Corral or "China Star". The good?-warm crab legs- fruit I am no buffet snob. I enjoy them for what they are. This was just overrated...big time.
4	Definitely one of the best buffets in Las Vegas IMO. Came here a couple of months ago, so some things might have changed, but I had a good experience. The wait wasn't long at all, but then again there weren't that many people in line. The brunch was a good selection with lots of variety. The best part were the crab legs and their dessert selection. Not to mention they had a variety of freshly squeezed juice in cute little bottles. However, some of the items weren't that great, but not terrible either.
2	Well I'm expecting more variety like lobster,tempura etc.Food taste good.but way to expensive for the price!!'
4	The food was great and too many to choose from.But so much pricey for this restaurant.$$$$
1	Waited all week and picked this place over wicked spoon.  Holiday pricing at $62/person on Jan 3rd????  Selection was awful.  All smoked meats, no chicken option except the dried up chicken wing, and bacon on EVERYTHING!! We told management, which of course could do nothing.  We were so upset that we left without even looking at the desserts!
2	We were there on 12/26/14 at 5pm for party of 7, we were in line for 3.5 hrs, finally got our table at 8:30pm, sat down, we went to get our foods, there weren't that much foods left to pick and choose, I had few crawfishs, fried rice, and piece of prime rid, then I saw other had pull pork, I went to get it, it was sold out, the counter was empty without any replacement, it was only 9pm, I went to stand inline for ramen noodles soup for 10 minutes,  once I got close to the counter, the chef said, he had to broil new water and soup base, 10 minutes later back inline again, finally I had my ramen noodle soup, the noodle wasn't fully cook, the soup tasted 5 spices powder only, that was it, I was done for the night.  Over rate, quality of foods was not as I expected, for the price of $56.99 per person and 3.5 hrs in line, it wasn't worth it,I had better buffet than this at Wicked Spoon, the quality of foods and price are better than Bacchanal. they ran the adv on the street as "more than 500 dishes, EPIC buffet", FALSE ADVERTISING, DISAPPOINTMENT, Save your calories and spend your money on better quality foods at other place.
5	I made the mistake of trying to come here during Christmas/New Years week. All buffets on the strip had 2+ hour waits and we were actually turned away from Bacchanal on the day we were trying to go because we got there too late (7:30pm... peak dinner time). So the next day we tried to go first thing in the morning which was about 12:30pm... lol (obviously slept way too late). So there was already a line for the kiosk, but it was about a 5 min wait. We pulled a ticket and it said to come back at 5:35, which is pretty much a 5 hour wait!! I was in disbelief, but at least we didn't have to stay and wait so I wasn't mad about it.So was it worth the wait? YES!!! And before you call BS, keep reading. It was only about a 5 min wait to pull the ticket, and then we were free to do whatever we wanted until 5:30pm. And there are sooo many things to do while waiting at Caesars. We played some table games, and filled up on free beer while playing video poker at the bar. We were entertained for free for hours since we pretty much broken even in all our gambling (plus free drinks!!). It was a very productive use of time! At about 3:30ish, they texted us saying we can come back earlier to eat. From then on, it was about a 45 min wait to pay and get seated.Now, I work in a manufacturing environment, so I appreciate efficiency when I see it... This buffet literally serves hundreds, maybe even thousands a day. And even though the wait was so long, I honestly think this is the best it gets considering how high in demand this restaurant is. Even the seating was incredibly efficient and it literally blew my mind. The hostess seats about 6-10 tables at a time. They never asked how many people in our party when we got to the front, they just knew somehow.The food was pretty damn good quality for buffet food. The quality was comparable to a mid-price range restaurant. Some of the dishes I would go as far to say it's on par with high end restaurants. I felt like the tiny dishes seem to be more tasty than the ones that are mass prepared (such as barbecue). There were some dishes that weren't so great, but nothing that I tried (and I tried a looot) was terrible. The most amazing thing I had here was the pork belly sauteed with lentils, and the Mango Habanero ice cream. The dessert bar is just... outstanding. Dessert is my biggest weakness and the selection is so extensive it nearly killed me. All in all, I was blown away by everything in this buffet... even though the wait is very long, it doesn't feel like waiting at all. The food was much better than expected and the selection is incredible. This was well worth the $60 we paid to eat here (holiday pricing).
5	Great food. They have wide variety of choices. Rates are reasonable on regular days however it's too much during NYE so be prepared to pay around $90 or more for lunch during Christmas/New Years.
1	I came here on Jan 4 2015 around 6 pm. The waiting line for buying a ticket is like more than eighty mins. And even after I spent 25 more dollars on express ticket, I still wait for more than 15 mins wait to be seated. That is all acceptable considering huge amount of people visiting this city especially during holiday. The worst is our waitress. She never came here asking us if everything is good, and she never asked us if our drink needs to be refilled. I asked her where the restroom is and she was just murmuring and went away, never came back to me again. When she was taking away our platters, she just threw the folks and knives on the table like there is nobody eating beside, making very annoying noises.Second, let's talk about food. Yes there are Chinese food, pizza, all kinds of meat, fruits and desserts, seafood. But choices of mixes of vegetables are really limited. Seafood is okay, but I believe similar restaurants elsewhere could also serve the same food while asking for less money and providing more pleasant service.I only give one star rating as this experience is far away from my imagination of Las Vegas buffet which I have dreamed of since I was a child. I hope the restaurant could improve its service quality and availability of more food combinations. I feel sorry for all mean words please forgive me as it is really not awesome to wait for long in line and be treated in this way. 75 dollars deserve more. Thanks.
4	FINALLYYYYYYYYYY got to try this place Christmas 2014 after trying to come here for dinner last year Christmas 2013.  We expected to wait in line, but not for 6.5hrs!!!!  That is the only reason I deducted a star. I did like the fact that they had a kiosk where you can take a ticket so you didn't have to physically wait in line. What I didn't like is that the wait time was not accurate on the ticket.  I checked in at 3:30pm and the wait time said it would be 676 min wait which would be approx. 11hrs!!!  Because of this my mom and I had NO idea when we would be seated.  We ended up getting seated at 10pm and have 30 minutes to eat before they started taking away the food. However, those 30 minutes were pure heaven. Everything was so fresh and of such high quality.  Every minute was pure bliss.  Staff was very friendly as well.  My friends asked me if it was worth the wait, and I say "yes" only because I had been wanting to try this since last year, BUT if I wanted to try it for the 2nd time, I probably wouldn't come on Christmas. BEWARE!!  HOLIDAY WAITING PERIODS ARE APPROX 6HRS!!! I would come on a regular day and be willing to wait 2 hrs max or pay the additional fee for the express pass.
4	My wife and I arrived in Vegas early last Monday morning, dropped off our bags at the hotel, and thought it would be a good time to try out the Bacchanal Buffet that everyone has been talking about.  Located near the pool area in Caesar's, this buffet is most definitely a fancy schmancy buffet.  Most people don't think fancy schmancy and buffet belong in the same sentence, because when they think buffet, they think Golden Corral.  Since we were here during the week of New Year's, they still had their "holiday" pricing for the buffet, which really just gives them a reason to jack up the prices.  So, including tax, we paid $95 total for breakfast/brunch.  Yes, that's outrageous, but it's Vegas and we wanted to try it.The decor of this buffet is really nice, and it certainly doesn't feel like a buffet when you walk in.  You see many items being cooked fresh, which I have a lot of appreciation for.  That's something you don't see too often at a buffet.  They had fresh seafood, Italian, Mexican, Chinese, Japanese, etc.  Basically, anything you wanted, they had it.  This included chicken and waffles, and yes, freshly carved bacon!!  Everything I tried was really good.  I tried to sample a little bit of everything, and there wasn't anything that I truly didn't care for.  Their dessert station was excellent, as they had homemade crepes, gelato, cookies, cake, donuts, cake, etc.  I thought it was all very good, but as with most buffets, eventually you encounter the law of diminishing returns.So, all in all, would I come here again?  Yes.  Would I be rushing back to pay these exorbitant prices?  No.  I can get a very similar experience at Wynn or Aria, for a fraction of the cost.  Either way, I'm glad we tried it.  It's officially checked off the Vegas list.
3	Went here for brunch on a saturday. The food wsnt as good as it was the last time I was here. The quality just wasnt up to par for the price($52.99). Our server was great however do extra star for her. She even brought a little birthday dessert plate when she found out it was my bday. And my mimosa glass was never empty for long befire she refilled it. The bagel and Lox bar and the made to order omelets were defintely my favorite part of my meal though. I think I'll check out Wicked Spoon next time I'm in town.
5	TIP: GO AT 9/10AM, GET A TICKET. EXPLORE. COME BACK TO LUNCHTIME. if you come at the right time, you can get the lunch menu AND the dinner menu for the lunch price. (i think it's at about 2:30pm that they switch out the foods)if i died and went to heaven, I'd be here. Everything I've ever wished for is here. New things are now on my bucket list BECAUSE I've gone here.Bacchanal, I love you. I went here on Christmas Day and the wait was 9 hours. Regular days, the wait is about 3-4 hours. PHO BAR. 10/10.CONSTANTLY CHURNING BUTTER MACHINE. 10/10.LOBSTER RAVIOLI. 10/10.DIM SUM. 9/10BLACK CHICKEN GINSENG SOUP. 10/10.OYSTER SHOOTER 8/10.SUSHI BAR. 10/10.
5	Ahhhhh, I love belonging to a family that has a seven star member. I love not having to wait in that ridiculous line or I would have never even considered trying a place like this. The food here is great for a buffet. Most buffets suck ass because they have to mass produce food for hungry customers and the quality suffers because of it, but not at Bacchanal. They somehow have mastered the art at getting out good food quickly. The selection at this buffet is incredible, the place is huge and the desert items are plenty. There's always something special at each type of food, a meat array of trisket, sausage, prime rib, lamb chops, and much more await at the hot foods. The Asian and Italian section are well stocked and amazing as well. The seafood is always nice, as there are always meaty crab legs available and plenty of oysters, mussels, shrimps, and clams.Bacchanal is definitely a buffet anyone should try to hit up when visiting LV. The wait is always ridiculous unless you're a diamond or seven star member, but trust me, 3 hours is not so bad when you'll spend 4 just eating here.The price is expensive, but you get what you paid for, which is an awesome array of food at a way above average buffet.
1	If you choose this buffet to eat king crab, then you should find another buffet. This place is a true scam artist. Their KING CRAB PORTION is mix with snow crab and in fact 5/6 of it were snow crab legs.  The hot or boil king crab is nasty. Some of it was still frozen eventhough they have soak in hot water.Customer service was great. The place is pricy and the wait was very long. Overall i would not recommend this place.
4	This is where everyone is at. Invite your grammy, auntie, uncle,  your whole family. Bacchanal has plenty of space to accommodate and this place is poppin. I suggest coming early and if you have a large party of 6 or more, there's a separate line for that. The group line is toward the back end of the building behind the main line and will soon wrap around the corner as more parties arrive. Thankfully, it moves quick!Have your player's card ready and one credit card available to charge for the party. I don't believe they do separate charges per card for the party line, so prep yourself for that. Once your party is ready to enter the buffet, they hand out these nifty little hot plate holders so you don't burn your fingers. It's about $50pp with unlimited mimosas, and we hella indulged in mimosas! By the end of our meal (about 2 hours in), they topped off each our glasses and said this is the last round. Apparently, we got a noise complaint. Wooops!A couple favorites:Hot Plates: mussels, prime rib, udon is better than ramen (according to the table consensus), pork bellyDessert:  jasmine rice pudding with coffee jelly
5	Let's just say I am not a super buffet fanatic.  But let me tell ya...Bacchanal is the truth!  It's worth the wait and the money.  We went with a group of 9, on January 1st, so needless to say it was insane.  We stood in line of 30 minutes of so before we were seated.  Service was great. Food was overwhelmingly amazing.  So much to try and nothing was bad...nothing.  We will certainly be back. If you come with a group of 6 or more, go to the group line and have a credit card ready to charge for the party...it moves much quicker than the individual line. Enjoy!
2	freaking unbelieveable .... i had to wait 4 hours to get into this buffet . came here on jan. 2 because my hubby wanted to eat this buffet so badly . you can't just go there and stand in line .... no , you have to register your phone number to get a ticket . the ticket will tell you about what time you can expect to get in .they charged us 59.99 $ per person for a holiday dinner , even though it was not a holiday anymore .when we walked around to look at the buffet , we noticed , that most of the food was regular dinner food  and a lot of the special holiday  food wasn't even available .we asked around for the lobster and filet mignon , which was listed as 1 of there holiday day food. everybody told  us it was only available on the jan 1. buffet .????? why did they charge everybody the holiday price for a regular dinner ?we felt chipped and pointed the holiday menu out which was placed in front of the buffet. the manager then magically brought my hubby and me a plate  with steak and lobster . that was nice , but we still felt cheated , since a lot of the special holiday food was nowhere to be found.the food was very average on this day and very dissapointing.... sure not worth  122.25  $ plus tip  for 2
4	One of the better buffets on the strip.There were some boring/normal dishes, but there were also some unique dishes.  Delicately prepared, and presented in small bites.The problem with this place is the MASSIVE wait to get in. it's unbelievable really how bad the wait is.If you can get a pass or get past the line, it's a good place to eat.  Remember tho, it's still a buffet.
5	Uh only the best buffet on the strip? Tons of fresh seafood including raw oysters and lots of things made to order, like streetside tacos and crepes. Hot crab legs, excellent roasts, and just so much selection, all excellent. But pricey, but this place is really the most bang for the buck buffet you can get.
3	Bacchanal is okay! They got lots of stations but I can't say much was super memorable and something I must go back to have! Wait... Does dessert count? If so then they do have orange beer sorbet and mango habanero gelato which was a little different from the norm. It was spicy for sure!Crab legs hot or cold was okay! They plate it for you which isn't bad and keeps from people hogging it so I do like that. Too bad no dungeoness crab tho! Prime rib wasn't bad, lamb chops were good but again... Nothing memorable. I did like the Chinese chicken wings with lots of flavor but a little salty. Oysters were not fresh at all and super obvious for those who eat them on a regular. Go on a off hour and you'll be seated in 30-45 minutes otherwise plan on waiting forever!
3	With all the great reviews from Yelp, we had high standards for this place. We were expecting it to be mind blowing, the best food we've ever tasted from a buffet.  I was looking forward to coming here months ago.Well, some of the food was good but nothing really stood out as special. I tried almost all the stations.  I wanted to try as much as I can so I didn't eat a lot of just a specific dish.The Asian section was good. The thing with that is, why would I spend a lot of time eating Asian food and paying close to $50 when I can have the same thing at an actual Asian restaurant for less?The dessert was mediocre. I love sweets and I have been looking forward to the dessert section just from looking at all the pictures from yelp. When I finally got to try it, they were just your average cupcakes, creme brulee, cakes, etc. I was disappointed.Overall, the service was nice. They were attentive and removed used plates in a timely manner. But I don't think we'll come back to this place. For close to $50 per person, the food isn't worth it. We'll try other buffets when we're back in Vegas.
4	Come early! I came here around 9:30-9:45AM and was seated within 15 minutes. It's worth it to wake up a little earlier to beat the 2-5 hour wait time after 10:30AM-ish. They do have special pricing during the holiday season (~ $47) but have a similar selection of foods regardless. FOODThe food was good, great variety, but nothing too special. They have seafood,  Asian, Mexican, Italian, and "American" food stations. - Dos: crab legs, salmon, butter mussels, sweet potato fries, chicken & waffles, creme brulee, sample each of their desserts (no shame, they have a great dessert bar!), crepes, gelato, cheese station- Don'ts: the "fresh" juice section, Mexican and Asian food quality was meh -- you're better off saving your stomach space!SERVICEGreat, very attentive service! They also offer you free mini plastic tongs to hold hot plates (also can usually be found at the dessert bar).
5	very good food quality, but limited variety
4	All the hype lives up to expectations.Came in for lunch before leaving Las Vegas. Caught a good day with no line. Staff was helpful, friendly and prompt. Total rewards members (casino card program) entry is discounted. This buffet priced a little more than others but worth the difference. The discount helps it too.Pan holders are provided and we are seated. Drink orders are taken in a timely fashion as we get straight to the stations. Lots of variety. Definitely one of the biggest around. There are clearly defined areas. Seafood, meat, Italian, Latin, Asian, dessert are some. There are dishes that are oven hot and have the pan holders if you left yours at the table. Fresh plates are used each round up. For lunch there is not a limited selection of seafood. From salmon to halibut. Shrimp several ways. Ceviche, cocktail, et. Oysters, mussels, crab legs, crawfish are some offerings. Warm and cold are the variable plates. Properly maintained were the cold items such as the oysters. (I've gotten sick at other casino buffets)Meats. So many selections just at the carving station. Brisket, turkey ham, prime rib, mango chicken sausage, hot links, kielbasa were just a few I tried. The meats were seasoned masterfully. Meats melted and tender. The hot links were spicy mouth was burning. Oh so good though. Other items found at this station include fried chicken, roasted chicken, chicken and waffles, fries, potatoes, any practically anything for classic buffet faire. Most of the options were good. Some a little dry but nothing where enjoyment was lost.The next station had some Latin faire. Chili Colorado, fajitas, enchiladas, rice, tamales and likes. These were some of the better Spanish and Latin I have tried at a buffet. Most times dishes are dry and lacking seasoning. These were moist, fresh, and wanting more.A salad bar, soups, rolls, and various small plates. Some good tried included the truffle soup, gratin potatoes, and truffle macaroni n cheese. Each of these were good enough to return for a second helping. Moist and seasoned to perfection both helpings. Italian and pasta station I didn't get much into. Classic fair of sauces, pizza et. They looked pretty good. Asian faire station has been by a mile the best for a buffet I have tried. Japanese, Korean, and Chinese faire. There was a choice of three sushi rolls. Each distinctive. I enjoyed the spicy tuna roll. Fresh was the rice roll and the tuna. A good spicy was found. A ramen, pho, and udon station was available. I tried the ramen. Freshly made noodles are boiled to order in a light stock with the noodles, barbecue pork, and vegetables added (can be with held on request). The ingredients are pulled once cooked and added to a simple miso soup brith. The broth was seasoned and demonstrated respect found in preparation at a Japanese ramen house. For Korean and Chinese dishes, I tried the golgibi beef, various dim sum (shu Mai, dumplings), and duck were some of the items enjoyed. Tender easy to eat beef was the golgibi. Dim sum items were flavored, sized and appropriate like found in many Chinese brunch times. Duck was fair amount of meat to fat. The Chinese and Korean offerings were better than most actual restaurant fair without the outrageous pricing. Dessert and snack bar. Fruit, cookies, pies, pastries, donuts, gelato, chocolate/caramel apple and pears. My eyes at this point are bigger than my belly. Everything is so scrumptious. There is more than something for everybody here.Good: variety for everyone, flavors hit most marks, proteins were appropriate temperature and seasoned, organized, friendly. Bad: didn't find lobster during lunch but otherwise everything was good and so full (from eating- not bad). I'd be back to eat more. Definitely one of the best buffets to date.
5	So far my favorite buffet here in Las Vegas! If not M buffet!Great food and service!
5	The best buffet on the strip!  If there is only buffet you wait in line for, make it Bacchanal.Phenomenal service, quality and quantity.  The buffet was fully stocked and carefully watched.  The food was fresh and perfect.  I am coming back this weekend so I will update with my favorites.
5	They say it the best buffet for a reason (and they are right!!!!). They have everything from ramen to street tacos to your meats and sea food. It pricy and there a bit of a wait if yr not platinum member and up. but well worth the wait.  The selection was truly amazing will defiantly go again.
4	Good quality.  Long lines.  Is it worth the wait and price - yes.  But as any other buffet, you get sick of it after 2 times.Pros:- Trip Tip, Ribs, Soft Tacos, Seafood, Steam crab legs (Snow Crabs, not king crab though)- A good variety Desserts, Mochi ice cream (seasonal)- Fresh oysters- Good Chinese food selection (I like the thousand year old egg porridge)- Delicious CoffeeCons: - No King Crab Legs (Bellagio's Buffet has king crab legs)- No Caviar (Bellagio has this)Overall - I think the food quality is a notch better than Bellagio's Buffet and right on par with Wynn
